MISCELLANEOUS. (From Hie English Papers.) Bestitution of tue Duke d'Aumale's Work.-As far back as tho year 1SG3 tho French Government scizort the first two volumes of a work by tho Duke of Anmale upon the Princes of Condo, and although legal steps wero taken to regain possession of theso volumes, nothing carno of them. The judges decided that the seizure was an administrativo act, nnd that their authority did not reach it. This view was also held by the Council of State, and tho hook, which was in sheets just ready for bind- ing, remained in the hands of tho Government. Within the lost few days, however, the sheets ' havo been given up to the publisher, and an offer has even been made, it is said, to repay bim the expenses ho has incurred in legal proceed- ings. Tho restitution, Uko the seizure, would appear to bo a purely arbitrary act. A Cubious Calculation.-Dr. Acland, in his address to the Medical Association at Oxford, Bays :-" Bcrthelot made a ealcution of the num- ber of combinations with acids of certaiu alco- hols. He says, if you gave a name to each, allowing a lino for the name, then printed 100 lin03 on a page, and made volumes of 1000 pages and placed 1,000,000 volumes in a library, you would need 14,000 libraries for your catalogue." Modern- Comic Wbitehs.-Gilbert Abbott a Beckett formerly wrote sparkling leaders of the Times, though he is better remembered ns a Punch writor, author of the " Comic History of England," and a clever police magistrate. Ho began his literary career as editor of Figaro in London, a penny humorous paper illustrated by Seymour, and died of typhus fever at Bou- logne, at the early age of forty, on August 30, 1S57. His son Arthur it Beckett is editor and pavt proprietor of the Tomahawk, which was one of the most fearless and satirical of tho now comic periodicals, though it has much degene- rated of late, owing, it is said, to dissentions among its contributors. Among the present writers for Punch, wo may mention Mr. Bur r.and, author of various burlesques ; Percival Leigh, Tom Taylor, Shirley Brooks, and Mark Lemon, its editor. Judy receives contributions from any and every comic penman, without having any very exclusivo stall'. Among its writers are W. Morris, n reporter upon Beuter's staff; the author of a burlesque upon Scott's " Kenilworth," and one or two members of the Savago Club. Fun mainly depends upon its editor, son of Hie Tom Hood ; Clement Scott, a clever verse-maker ; and Mr. Rose, the writer of " Mrs. Brown in America." The Echoes has for its editor Mr. Henry Vizitelly, the engraver, with G. A. Sala and Augustus Mayhew as occa- sional contributors. The Razor, just defunct, the back stock selling in the streets at a penny a lot, was edited by a nephew of Georgo Cruik shank, the veteran caricaturist, ranity Fair, a new candidate for the suffrages of the comi- cally incl ned million and the satirical few, is said to have a well-known young barrister for editor and principal writer; and as to the per- sonnel of the Owl and tho Queen's Messenger there is stated to be nothing absolutely known. \- Flibberiigibbelt, a new magazine, is an- nounced for the avowed purpose of |,roelaiming war to the knifo against humbug, snobbery, jobbery, corruption, sensationalism, sensualism, extremes, and extravagance ! Dean Swiit's Win.-It is a curious fact that Esther Johnston, Swift's "Stella," contem- plated the probable abolition of the " Estab- lished Episcopal" Church of Ireland. By her will, dated December 30, 1727, sho bequeathed £1000, the proceeds of which were to bo ap- plied to tho maintenance of a chaplain in Steven's Hospital, St. James-street. Tho will then proceeds:-"And if it shall happen (which God forbid) that at any time here- after the present Established Episcopal Church of this kingdom shall come to bo abolished, and bo no longer tho National Estab- lished Church of the said kingdom, I do, in that case, declaro wholly null and void the bequest above made of the said £1000, or tho said land purchased, as fur as it relates to the said'hos- pita1, and chaplain, and do hereby absolutely divest the governor of the said hospital of the principal and interest of the said £1000. And my will is thut in tho ooeo nforeauid it dovolroe to my nearest relation then living." It is evi- dent, therefore, that Stella, as well as Swift, ?whose will was referred to by Mr. Gladstone in his speech on the introduction of tho Irish Church Bill, anticipated disestablishment and disendowment. But tho use of the words ''Established Episcopal Church"-tho samo that aro used by Swift, makes it evident that Stella's will was dictatod by tho Dean. Punch has a cartoon of tho ghost of Swift leauing over the Premier, as ho Bits in his study reading Mio draft of tho Disestablishment Bill. The Dean of St. Patrick's ghost is supposed to bo saying : "Well, Mr. Gladstone, you quoted my will, but, by Gumdragon, you might have given rae credit for being the author of your plan. I left my Church surplus to a lunatio asylum To show, hy ono satirio touch, Ho nation wanted it io iniic/i. New Ciiukch Paper.-A new monthly paper, entitled the Church Chronicle, to bo a rocordof Church life nnd Church work, is to make its appearanco on May 1, under the editorship of Mr. Charles Maekoson, who will also contributo n series of papers on London and suburban churches. The Chronicle, it is said, will, in its annual volumes, furnish a use- ful index to the weekly Church papers. Half-penny Newspaper.-Tho Morning Sews.-Whon tho Morning Chronicle was on its last legs, undor the proptiotorship of Mr. Stiff, of tho London Journal, it sent forth a puny Bhoot under tho name of tho Morning Hews, It was a penny papor, but far inforior to the other penny dailies, and it only ran a year or two, and was only brought out occa- sionally. It is stated that it will presently bo reproduced at a , half-penny, as a rival to tho Echo. Thero is also talk of tho Latest Hews, another half-penny daily ; and of a reduction . in the price of lho Evening Star. Of the Morning Star, tho organ of tho extremo Radical party, the "Miinchoster school," wo may mako a noto. It appeuaed on Miiroh 2-1-, 1850. Tho Saturday Review, then in its infancy, patted tho now comor on the back, and predicted that it would be a formidable rival to tlio Time* (!). Loud Buopoiiasi and Dit. Cauvin.-Tho case of Lord Brougham and Dr. Cuuvin is draw- ing to a close. The Chief Clerk, Mr. Church, nt the Bolls Chambers, lins fixed tho compensa- tion for the literary assistance rondorcd to the lato lord in arraug ng his correspondence at £330 on a claim made of one thousand guineas. Lord Brougham, the present plaintiff, bus applied to vary tho cortificato of (ho Chiof Olork as to tho amount, and tho mutter will, in a fovv days, go boforo tho Mastor of the Bolls for his decision and probable settlement, boforo tho publication of tho life and times of the luto noble and loamed lord. DiscovEitv op Ancient Giieek and Latin MSS.-A Hungnrian savant, Dr, Louis Mezei, has informed tho Hungarian Academy by a lettor from Yenieo, that ho hiiB discovered in tho library of St. Mark in that city, a mnss of Greek nnd Latin documents, tho existonco of which was hitherto unsuspected, Among thom ho mentioned " many now works by Archimedes," relating to tho uso of the thermometer, meteor- ology, geology, &e.; ; a poom by Hosiod, de- scribing all Bcionces in beautiful lioxame tors; an opie by Josophus on Jesus Christ, " us long as Klopstoek'B ' Messiad,' but much Uner and moro poetical ;" a Hebrew translation of " HeBiod," by Mosos ; and a complote col lootion of tho laws of Solon, 'J as largo iib tho ofllc'iul collection of lho Austrian laws." The Acadomy received this communication with loud laughter, und Baron JícUvüs, tho president, re- marked (hut Dr. Mwoi had fallen upon a col- lection of mcdiiorul thornes or "stylistic oxer OÍ80S," such as ho himself hud frequently met Tub Cojjdkn Club.-Tlio following subject bas boon chosen for tho prizo essay for (ho annual gold modal of tho club for (bo present yeari-"Free Trado in its Relation lo tho Colonies and Dopondonoios of Great Britain." The oesays aro to bo soul in lo Mr. Thomas Bayley Pottor, M.P., Honorary Scorotary, Bo form Club, Loudon, boforo January 1, 1870. No essay in to oxcood in longth 50 pagos of tho S\uarterly or North American Review. The ommittco rosorvo tho right of publishing the .ucoeitful en»y. An ArrnornuTK Acr.-Mr. Georgo W. Childs, of Philadelphia, recently presented a library of 175 volumes, suitably bound to the Liverpool training Bhip Indefatigable, whioh vessol, lying in tho Mersey, he recently visited. Each book bears the following inscription : " Presented to tlio boys of tho Liverpool train- ing ship. Indefatigable, by Georgo W. Childs, of Philadelphia, United States of America, who was once a sailor boy. December, 186S." The Exasiiser.-On tho retirement of Albany Fonblanquo from tho editorial chair of the Examiner to accept an appointment in tho statistical department of tho Board of Trado, Mr. John Forster succeeded him. This gentle- man had been on early contributor to the Daily News and other journals, and is well known as the author of a clever " Lifo of Goldsmith." Ho, too, received a Government appoiutment, becoming, in 1856, secretary to tho Commis- sioners in Lunacy, with a salary of £S00 a year. The Examiner still bears the reputation, origin- ally given to it by Leigh Hunt, of boing a thoroughly good critical paper. It is curious to noto tho long life of a scnudnl. It has been recently asserted that, notwithstanding Mr. Dickens' disclaimer, Leigh Hunt was, and must have been, the original of Horace Skimpole. Newspaper Reviewers.-Twenty years ago there was only one avowed literary critic for tho Times. Samuel Philips filled the post for years, and afterwards became known to the public as tho literary director of the Crystal Palace, and author of its principal hand-books. Ho was succeeded by tho late Mr. Lucas, of tho Innor Temple, the first editor of tho Fress news- paper. To bira succeeded Mr. Dallas, husband of Miss Glynii, the actress, and now editor of Once a Week. Tho lato Rev. R. A. Willmott, editor of an edition of tho poets, and author of a " Life of Jeremy Taylor," was also a pretty regular reviovver for tho Times. For this gentleman the late Mr. Wolter-father of tho M.P. for Berks, and principal proprietor of the Times-built and endowed the Church of St. Catherine, Bearwood, Berks, whero ho had an extensivo estate. Most of the reviews for the daily papers are now written by young barristers und undergraduates of Oxford and Cambridge Universities. At one time n good review in the Times mado the reputation of a book : now, a criticism iu that journal carries no great weight. Tho Daily Telegraph has lately adopfgjfttlio plan of devoting a page or so, once a week-on off-days, when there is no Parliamentary debate-to notices of books. It may bo safely coloulatcd that all books forwarded .to tbo Morning Advertiser will bo favorably noticed j for its editor, Mr. James Grant (author of " Random Rocollootions of the House of Commons" and "Our Heavenly Homo"),finds it impossible to say anything severe nbout writers. TnK Emperor Maximilian's Mexican Li braki".-When the unfortunate Maximilian went to Mexico, he had, it appears, an honest intention of improving tho condition of tho people, and for that purpose turned his atten- tion to the formation of a publio library. Book- selling in Mexico (sayB the Bookseller) appears to be in a very primitivo condition, and it is very difficult to obtain books in the ordinary way of trade ; but if you know that the book you wish to possess is in a certain place, you make a bargain with a professional person, and having agreed upon the price, you further agreo to meet him, say at an hour before daybreak on a certain day, and tho book will bo handed to you ; but you must not ask any questions. Mo- nastic libraries aro constantly found deficient of volumes which had been seen thero a few days previously, but as thero aro no catalogues the librarians aro by no means opon to convic- tion that such books wcro over in their posses- sion. The Emperor was much delighted to find that ono Don Jose Maria Andrade, who in himself combined tho litterateur, journalist, publisher, and lover of books, had for nearly half o century boon enguged inmaking suchacol lection, but had always refused to part with any of his treasures. TheEmperor'sreqiiest,howcvcr, proved irresistible, and tho collection was givon over to form tho commencement of o Biblio thúquo Impérialo do Méjico. Alus, troublo was in store for both Bibliophile and Emperor ; tho former did not get his money, and the lnttor mot the fate of many an adventurer of less noblo birth. Don Andrado wisely mado the best of a bad bargain ; his patriotism did not induce him to sacrifice his property, so ho packed up two hundred eases of the books, put them upon tho backs of mules, and sent them out of tho country by way of Vera Cruz. A large number of these books havo recently boon sold at Leipsio by Messrs. List and Franeko. Among tho books woro some of extremo rarity. These wero mostly purchased for publio libra- ries in Europe, but it will bo satisfactory to our American cousins to know that one-fourth of the books printed in Mexico -will return to that country, or at least to that portion of it under tho United States' flag, and that tho desire of the Emperor will to some extent bo carried out by the formation of a Mexican library, although not under Imperial auspices. Tho sale lasted ten days, and attracted buyers from all parts, from London, Berlin, Now York, mid elsewhere, and many of tho prices roalisetl were Buch as would go far to solaeo Don Andrado for his Iobscb, if tho books had still been in his posses- sion. BURNS and his Detractors.-The Rev. Fergus Ferguson, who, a few weeks since, ob- tained a temporary notoriety in Edinburgh by his wholesale condemnation of the poet Burns, and of all membors of "Burns' Clubs," has survived the scathing attacks of the Scottish papers ; and has published his sermon, heedless of the fire of criticism, which ought to have scorched him into silence It is no light matter, even in a sermon, to abuse Burns to his fellow countrymen ¡ but to speak tho truth about him is anothor matter ; and the truth is not always very favourable to tho poet's oharactor. Perhaps this is the reason why all the biogiaphies and guide-books give that pleasing version of the popular idea of Burns and his Highland Mary, with which we are all acquainted : and which is so exceedingly unlike the version, drawn up from oureful inquiry and sifted ovidence, that was first put forth by Mr. William Douglas, in his papor read beforo tho Socioty of Scottish Antiquaries, in 1850, and was corroborated und augmented by Mr. Robort Chambers, in 1851. Cromok, Currie, Walker, Lockhart, Carruthers, and otheruuthors havo adopted that representation of Highland Mary which Fuod and other artists havo carried out on canvas. But Messrs. Douglas and Cham- bers havo clearly pul it on proof, thut this samo Mary Campbell was nursomaid in tho family of Mr. Hnmilton of Muuchlino, which was barely four milos distant from that spot on the Faylo rivulet, in tho valley by the CoilBfield woods, whero, on Sunday, May 14, 178G, sho and Burns had thoir luBt meeting, plighted thoir troth, und exchanged Bibles (which uro still preserved with tho Burns' relics, at Ayr). Four months after this, on Septombor 3, 1786, Jean Armour gavo birth to twins, of which Burns was the fathor. Tho private matters of the poet had bocomo so desperato and complicated, that ho had oven paid nino guineas for a passage to the West Indios, where he was to bo an useistunt-ovorseor in a plantation. In two poems ho connoots this voyago with his vows to his Highland Mary. 'But Dr. Blacklock, of Edinburgh, elis Buudcd bim from his schoino ¡ for, in July, 1780, had appeared that small thrco shilling voluino, printed at Kilmarnock, which entitled Foems chiefly in tho Scottish dialed ,. by Robert Burns-at once mudo their author famous. Mary Campbell was thon at Oampbcl ton, with her coastgunrdmnn fnthor ; muí loft thoro early in October to take a situation in tho fumily of Colonel Mao Ivor, oí Glasgow. BuniB himself aaid, that sho lind gono to Cumpbolton " lo arrango mai tors among hor friends for our projooted chango of life," moaning, apparently, murringo, und accompanying him to the Wost Indies; and that "she crossed (lia sou to meet mo at Greenock, where uho hud scarce lauded, when bIio was BOizod with a malignant foyer, which hurried my dear girl to her grave in u fow days, boforo I could nvon loam of hor illnoss. Mr. R. Ohambors lins supplied full particulars of her short and fatal illnoss, and of hor burial in tho kirk-yard of tho Old or West Church. She diod on October 21, 1780; but hor grave romiiiuod unmarked until January 25, 18t2, when u stately monument vvus erected thoro by publio subscription. 