NEWS OF THE WEEK. By the arrival of the Aldinga our files are extended as follows : — Melbourne, January 19 ; Sydney, January 14 ; Hobart Town, January 15 ; Launceston, January 16 ; Brisbane, January 9; and Hokitika, January 9. The reports in the Victorian papers respecting the Spring Creek Diggings are ex tremely contradictory. In some they are spoken of in terms of the highest eulogy, - whilst in others they are condemned, and the rush which is taking place deplored. The report of the surveyors appointed to examine, the Gulnare was highly favorable, with the single exception that one of her masts was defective. On this being made known to Mr. Darwent he at once undertook to allow the sum necessary for making everything per- _ fectly right, and the Gulnare will be ready for sea in a day or two. A letter was recently received from. the Rev. J. Lyall, pastor of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church, and was read to his church and congregation. The rev. gentleman stated that his temporary sojourn in Tasmania had been very beneficial to him, andthat his health had greatly improved. He expects to return to his people about the beginning of March. According to the published returns the area of land under cultivation in the Australian colonies is 2,500,000 acres ; and the live stock consists of 600,000 horses, 4,000,000 cattle, 38,500,000 sheep, and 400,000 pigs; giving a total of more than 43,000,000 head of stock. We find the following unique adver tisement in the columns of a Ballarat paper : — ' To Clergymen. — Tenders are invited for mar rying two or more couples, at the Railway Hotel, Lydiard-street, on Tuesday, 19th inst. Tenders to be left at the abore address.' We. believg the Government nave paid ^700 for the Gnlnare. ,0. . , .;.:. ? :; !I3ie Opvenuhent nave' appointedVMr* John TyilliainB, formerly M.P. for Flinders, a member of the Stockade Board of Enquiry. The : Board now consists of the following gentlemen : . —Dr. Moore, Mr. Be3dpme, Mr.T& B, Tidier, . M.P., and Mr. JohnTtfilliains. ? A letter from one/-f tKe stations in the Par North, under date January 7, Bays:— 'The -weather is awfully hot, and has been eyer since ,New Tear's Day. The thermometer has ©een *?: over 90'° inside the house, and ou two days over 100°. This hot wealherihas quite dried tip aUae,^^n feed, which w*s springing, and the wafcera ar^ atep drymg iw;^ 7 :.; .?' - ' A iate ^egramy :«n4^ tiate ^London, December 17,^tes4ii^:theat^ Souti^nBferaKm^pperiy in the I*ord Mayor's Ctonrt Ito hron ttinbTOd. ' . ?',. 7-~. ; .'.- Ke^^fija i^n ^receivecl -at Jsh.e.pape; steting |hat the Galatea, X3apt.3 H. Jk H. the. Duke 0% JSdinburgh, . bad jarriTOdrat Madeira/ «iiw«o;v^' — -:;- _r;~' ; V:,/^:^' '*[-.;'':'.': The ntail agent ^^^jx^^^^^t.'Oi^ Company'^ steamer 'eaya 'It /-^ rimoi^ t^aV Sir James Fergusson would come bylie heit' ?teamer, and would prookbly go aibtb Met1 bourne ;in stead of Joining the branch «teamer at -.3 Sing GeprgeV^pund for -Adelaide. £ We do not . think, hpwever/thiB isyery likely. . ; x;-:i-i.iri The Queen lias been graciously pleased; to give-orders 3for iie^appointment if^e'Biglit Hon. Sir John Young, Bar^, &C.;!S,*&GfM.;&, late Cap^ain-Gceneral, . and ^GoTOrnor-inr^ief , an an over the colony .of 'New ^uiK WalgiVto, be an- eidra member of the civil division of the first-class, ot Knights Grand Gross of the Most - Honorable 'Order of the Bath. ? ? ?_ -i\\.\; ; i ? ; Mr.e Wheeler, tne emigration ;8tgent for [ the colony«f Queenalano^ has receivedauthoridy' to lenfewithe: assisted -passages, which are1 granted to shepherds, plonghjuen, skiUed and' agricultural laborers, mechanics, and other, eSgible' persons, an .vwjeH .as ixee .passages fla female domestic servants of good character. The , lpsjb meeting ;©£ IfiierVC^ii^al *J&&&, Board, as at pf^^constitu^eji,rjff^J^.d.d{on: Tuesday^ when asmall amount of IBusineBBwas disposed of. .-?'?' /'-'.- i?; iVr~ ri'*:J~! ' 'V'''''' Mr. ^Thpnias 'EyariSj Hiie.iatte^VIaJiager of the Branch of the -'National Sank: at Strai&i-; iSbyn, prior to leaving was entertained at^ ^dinner atthe Victoria HoteL There was a fair . »ttendaiice,«ndanagreeBSle.*r£aringiwasspent. \- Mr. 'Ebenezer Wa^%^1-een appointed Secretary aaA '/? Bnort-Mnd' .TOrBer to -flie BtockadsjEriquiry ^iomission. ? ^ -.-; ;;? ^ - We TO&rstod;^t tKe 'fte^ 2^X&a;%- , , \- ford, wS6^Tarrii^/^m&'^4ibourne':ifi ,fl|e;; vdoorong, has Lottie' -to supply thel^resbyterian1' 4 Church iat Sapunda, where h&bommenced; Ms probationary labors onSonday.: ;. ';.;: ,?vu r ri c ? Prior to. the departure of -l&.t^^ llounBevt^or S^lan^ he pr^ Dorieu,.,±he ; w^llTknpwnjandv^niuch-esteeniEd driver ott&e; iWillunga coach,, with ft^iLsrer cup, as a token, of rapprecia^bn;of nis Kng\^and jneiitoricfneB^service: The cup is'a've^y iand some ariJappropriate gift, and bears 4ine follow ing insfiiption:--4r«I^e8«aitea 'tOi-Mr. '^Wi Durieu -i»y, 5VVm;itounBevell as.aTeeognitioh ef his having ^ven Mb first stage «oach;-and: faithful Tseryices 'daring th^fwlip^ of;Jiifl.,Bnc^r eessfnl coaching career. ^Afjelaide,' ' Octobef,' 1868,Soh^.;Ausfcraliiw '-\ !- :cr'? ? r]'^'l On l|6jib|iiber;23L ^Ir J^3?^ $&88?WIhi late member for the ^Tmty~of^'Ayr,J;was 'w&: ?ented wr&-a spienSid festimonial^by ;jbhWii-J habitants of that coan^y. '^The' presentation was a service jofphite of iiiie vaiae of iipwards. of £1,500; ; The eervice.wasnotaready.-butit was stated it would be forwarded to qideiaide. It consisted otaT ve^ handsome centre piece rin^ the ^dian style of iart, two ^sunlight candela -«^iE^» a^'O^t Tninor ^feceai *- The Ghairmani '?U-Mjiis O. -3r.j^iaWj saiditKetestlnjonial- would ']' i^owtoiJie^eOplepf ^oufh Austral^, thafcgir v^tt^aes's _jPonBti|uKttt3_ est^med binij highly for '^jSi^tioh^tbidtiiy, and nis' gSrson a! 'amiability .^ J^i:kindne6s. Sit Jamesacknowledgedthegift ^^?fiaaodest and. appropriate tetmsw - - - i ? \- ' ' -^iQi-^Iererice; ?jte';ittie;ijw«^l;JbrffieJ flfa^» Goasainer,l£bound. for Adel^de, announced _!b)rSihe Evening JbvLrrveX- .we are informed iihat Mekrs. ;p. Iie^isfe-Cld.' are *he agents f or *Mt vessel, and 4ltey^Te received mojihtimatidn o£ fiie repor^£^;disas€er»i A.telegram received by a leadiijCjjBe^jpanlale. jBrmt: .dated -London, , December 15^ however, states that'the r13bssa »er w^^i^.j^clannei^^The^^tSe gram announced that theiEer. Mr. Jefferis'waV not on bpard. Jn lie fbusiness letters^ of this; tune firm it was stated ihat Mr. JdGferis in tended returning to Adelaide by the Gossamer, , but it will ^seW by this !tel^raiia fhxt ;.Mr:; Jefferis had not 'embarked.-4 JL rumorq^iclly spread in town that the Bev. Mr, jefferis was lost, but ias:th.B telegram i is: from a sellable Bource, wp .would ventuiB to contradict , the The 'Studies - in Conaection 'with ^4h.& Prince ^3£red Wesley^ College coninitenced1 on \- Monday morning in the 'Wesleyan LecturerHall,. Rde-street, when 27 jjupils were present, as irare also the members of ''the College 'Com mittee, several parents and friends of the boys, «nd the masters.^ 'The ' Biev. -G. VTz Batchell opened by reading a portion of the 4th chapter of Prov€rTw, and -the Ee'v. A. Eagg; tofi*ered prayer. :The £es.l Messrs.; Patchell and Bigg will superintend the .Btudiesjtill Mr, Piddian's , arrivaL \\. :_ . ...-,. ,-, .. . ' ,^ ,. « An aqpident of a serious nature occurred _jq»n :«Monday evening $p, -Mr. John Edwards, 5r*^ftteher, BQndley-street whilst he was pro ^gpgling home ' to Fullartbn.1 He had left town F-^?S»ft.-lHBHKHii in*1* trap,: ; and -liad gone some ^^Se distance beyond the Fountain'Inn^ Jonithe irfJB^Osmond-road, when the iorse shied and i^m&gaxd; 'Jfoe vehicle. The occupants, were ,: .V^t^Sm out; and Mr. Edwards's collar-bone and '3«^ere**roten. His son however, escaped v-£ ^^B^at any wvere injury. ? '' : ;=jv:f^| Wednesday morning an accident ^^Isa^^^BandleTstoaeet.' jllr. (f. Anderson, 'SplSh^&gineer; to the Gas Company, was. riding ypjjifBg^Hen near the :iforfplk: Arms he was run V?^ra--^ f cart belonging to JMt. Rtjfc... ' /The -? ?? ^shwt =*ntered . . the poor animal's : chest, and Mr. Anderson was thrown to the ground, but was not injured. ' The horse was led away, bnf we understand Mr. Chalwin pronounced the ?wound to 'be mortal, 'and the poor', brute was killed. ' ','-.':??.. On Tuesday «venung, as Mr. Culver, of Darlington, *waserercisingayouhg horse, and as lie was coming down thehill atthebaickof the Fbgstaff Hotel, the horse backed the cirt over the bridge;. The resnlt was that the horse was' killed on -the epot, and the' cart much damaged, but, singularr*Bj say, ;Mr. Culver,' who was in fee vehicle, came , off without the slightest in jury. Mr. G&ff; t attributes the accident to the want of wheel-iguards to the bridge; and blames the District, Councillor '.4ibt having them put *hM«- .''-'''I -:?l- '':? ???-'' ? ' :;!T'' . :'''? '-?: , ? OnS«»dayaftemooniat2o'cldck,asthe watchman at- Messrs. Dunn & Co. 's Port mill was making his round inside, the l-nilding, he perceived a man approach without 4ns boots, \- who, on being challenged, in reply stated- HOh, '%*&£*?? only Poking about* bit to see the build 'i-£$j3tgii -r, The watchman,'1nstead of attempting to ,^*.|PWSnflB the 'fellow, ran out of the Tnill to call ;*S^«_||«sistwnce, locking the man In, -as -'he ?i- i'j^S^^^h^ J -but before he had -gone- many ^|wii§t$e8 the ; :t mani succeeded in making ::r:::'^iStjf^xit from another part of the milL Since r*i'|BM| tome of the iands about the mill have l^MSeed up a sarap of^paper the fellow dropped,' |Mf|p|Hcb. purportsto be iufliastwilland testament, :^^0aA the wording *nd «4yle of : this 'document, JiJ:j^ip& the peculiar nature of' the bequests therein J^m£ forth afford strong evidence nisit the intru S^pwr'a proper place would be in lie Lunatic ?l^f On Saturday- evening the SoMhAus iralian Elocution Class met again in their room, wnich ^ias been occupiedfor the past month by the Arts Exhibition. There were about 40 members present, and Mr. -C. I*ybiiB occupied the chair, v ?The balanoe-sheet was readv and showed that the last1 ?quarter left the' Society '?considerably '?in debt, but through the earnest exertions of the Committee that had been ?cleared off, and a balance on the present quarter left in hand. The business of the evening having been gone' ihrougfi,vMr. T. P. Hill, who was present, expressed the terms on which he would be prepared to undertake a class to teach bifl system ^ of *' Brain-Printing,' and several members resolved to use their endeavors in obtaining a sufficient number to organise a class to receive hiB -inBtructionB.. About a score of names were handed in at the close of fiie meeting* ^ } «.'?-;::??? '; '-.-? - -?' . f~f\ Sunday ae^, January 24,, has beenap-: poihtedby His i&ordshipTthe; Bishop of Adelaide as a D^r «f Thanksgiving to Alinighty God for the ; ingathered harvest in all the Churohee an bis diocese; 'The following form, of service ias beenjissdea*rt '7 . ? \ ]^\,:-- .'; .r ?- ..: 'Morning and ev«ning prayer Bhall be the eamei with the twual office for holy days, except ; where it iisin. this; office otherwise appointed. - el.h: :^-','' ? £jpB0P]ifc'¥8A13ta. . s.-.-.i;-:- i..v. :: ./?- 'Two or moreof the ^following Psalms shall be used at th^. discretion of thejQQinister :-t-Pb. lx7.,Lddd., ciii.,;civ., cxliv., cxlvil . , -. ?''''?''' ! ' ' T ....''.^BOi^jtJBBiipBB.,.: . ??:.... ;t-. For the First Lesson, one of the following shall be read at the discretion of the minister : -Deut viii.. 7 ; xxvi., 1 to v 12 ; Deut xri^iL,; i;^to v. 15 ; Deut. xxdi., -7: to v. .20 ; Deut ixxuL, 26 j Isaiah xxviii., 23 ; Hosea iL, jlSi';' j. .'.'..'?: '..'.-..' ':. -,?'...,; V' :. --?? ';?????: ?-??'. .?£ ;d*' For ^ the Second Lesson, one of the follow-: ing j-^St., Matt aiiL, 24 to V.31; St Johniy., SI Say. 39.y;St. John vL, 26 to v, 36; 2 Gor- ii,6j Bev. udv., 14 to v. 19. ; . .-, ~:': ; '??' ''.'',''?? .'coiiKEac,, ? . ... ._?:. ? *'O Almighty God, who in past years didst -cause the pastures . of .iiie, wilderness to be dried up; the harvest of the field to perish; and the busbandmen.tafee ashamed; and nowin mercy has given, us.' \k&: former and the, latter rain Tnoderately, and.res|oi!ed^o ns the fruits of the: ; earth - in . t^eir;-4seaspn:; .give, us grace also to -UBe-the «ai^e' to VThy 'glory, and the relief of :*hosethat need, as well as our own comfort:; Teach us also to lemember that 'Man doth not jEvelby bread alone, but by. every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of G»d.'. Thou: iusist' sent Thine: own beloved Son to be the bread of life to our souls. ' -Grant us so to feed ©Urtbat bread that, -we. .may live by Him .for ever? who jiowliveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without ehd» i^itipn,-'' ~. '- -??' .:. ;. ....,--? '-. . ** After the general thanksgiving shall be said the following j-r- -. ', . ': . . ?j'lQ liord God of Hosts, who dwellest in the high and hdy place, and. yet hast respect unto theClowiy; ^0 mafcest Thy sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendest rain on the -just and on the unjust ; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in heaven and earth; we yieldt ;Tliee hearty thanks that Thou : hast safely brpughtlus to the season of harvest, Toting the e^rih' .and blessing it, and crowning : the year with Thy goodness ; we praise Thee, for -tob fruits, offtie ground which, Thou hast ' i-estowed upon us, fiuing;our ^hearts with food tiiid^ladness. 'For these . and all Thy mercies welaud^d magnify Thy glorious Kame; be seeching Thee to give unto us the increase, pf all spiritual gifts, ^eJfegght,TJight^f jhe San ?of Bighteoueness, and the dew of Thy heavenly ..blessing X.and fee plant Tns hjere iniihe house .pf jtite£ord,~tfiat'we may nourish everlastingly in the . /courts, of ^)ie iouse of . .pur God, . . through . Jesus Christ our Lord, Ifco whom, with Thee and. the^HolyjGrhost be all honor and glory, now and for«vermore. Amen. ' ; -' ' ; *'THE iOBDEB: QT&KE; ADMIHISTHiTION OP THE I ri'-;- '-. iiOBD'S SDPFJEBjOE HOtT G0MMPNIO». . , y .... *',Instead,o£.theCfollect for the day shall be used 1th e ' Collect -provided- above for , inprniug and evening prayer/ ?' ' . . ' '''. y^'The^pMtle.^-! ThesB. VijU to v- 24.- i .ic^The Gospelir-St' Matt. xSL,; 36 /*o sr.te ; ; ortSt, John *L;-5 to y,; 15.' h : , ; - : ; . r ? ; * -°5tegguig seems to f» - a- 'very ' reniune mtive bocupation in Adelaide, as -the following fact will show, r ?& deaf and I dumbman named ^^.jMdmanj was arrefe ted-yesterday by Police cofist^ble Freeman -on* the .charge* of begging. On searching him ^^at i'he. Police^Staiiion, several, iuins of money were found concealed about his clothing, including 537:bne -pound notes, £1 -in golilffl.r4i. in silver, asad 2d. in copper. On ^tnj^y morning Kidman was brought before . .the PpTBlce. M^gistrate,andjin consea^uenceof his liot being able to understfuad wjiat rwas*a^d, ie -was discharged; . Subsequently Mr. * ^Bee inl 'f orinedjtJi'e man by means -of a ^ slate and pencfl that ihej was not allowed to -beg in the 'Streets, .and then allowed iim to go. -; .-'~-j -.ir.i-. biu- y, ' -ii^be I annual' Congregational ' meeting oi '' the Presbyterian ^Church; fort Adelaide, was .ieidnon the evening of .the Hi3i inst. i - The pastor, (the B«v. .James. Henderson, presided^ j and having opened the meeting with devotional ,; 'services, made a'fewl.-sm^bie^enfwks^on'the, ^reatobject of Church organization; snd'.Trrged to adi^ent use_ of the means of grace estab lished initheir midst. .Thereafter reports were Bubmittedof the various echemes -and agencies of the Church, from which it appeared that satisfactory progress. had charact6rise3. all the 'operations 1of last y^sar. Graternl reference was ?'made to 'the ? completion of the Manse' scheme; «ind, satisfaction was expressed ^that the pastorwasnaw-in the occupation of a -com-, portable and commodibus hpjise, the property of the congregation. ; The Treasurer sabmitted his balan-»-s1heeV .from which it appeared -that during the :year there 'bad l-een xaised by' the '? -congregation, for missiohaty, benevolent,' And ?congregational purposes the sum of ^705,ios. ,8i yotes of thanlcs; were very, cordially ac corded to several Mnd friends beyond the bounds of ^the congregation who had daring; the year ? assisted some of the schemes of thie Church. iher meeting waB closed iwith devo tionM^ryices.-^m?u«nt-^te-i. ]-..,i; r -;i -. v : \- On Friday evening, i^Januaiy 14, the employes of the carriage department of the South Australian, fiailway held 'their y tDBual annual dinner ?3$ $he; Wjbite Hart Inn, Hindley sfereet.' iT^as^^sthe.jBrat festive , jtxjcasipia.pB which the empleyes, in the above department, of the Adelaide and Bowden Stations bad amalgamated, t There were about 40 persons present; the chair being occupied :3-y JMr. J-,D;' Alexander, and the vice-chair by Mr. -W^r^fior^ xell. An admirable spread was servediipinnrst iate style byHost White. The clothliavlng been removed, the usaal loyal toasts were proposed,' and' drunk with enttiusiasm,iafter, -which 'The Parliament' w«s given by Mr. '? A.' V.' Devenish in complimentary terms, .and was responded to. by Mr. i J, Pascoe. ; . ',The\ Army, Navy/ and Vblunt^rs,'.was proposed by Mr. J. James, in appropriate terms. Mr. W.'H.'.'Wliliit.el Te -sponded. ; ' 'Mr.i Johii v Whittel, in eulogistic terms, proposed **The^Bngineer-in-C9aief;and the Eauway Staff,''1 which was drunk with 'cheers, and ,''They.arB^ Jolly Good iFejlowa!' JTHe ^ce-Chkirmsin responded. Mr. William Sumsion 'briefly' proposed '?.--'' The ; Land we; Live In.' The^ toast being responded to by Mr.' Henry Cor. The remaining toasts, includ ing 'The Bress,'1 ? .J* Host .and' Hostess,' '?Chairman and Vice- Chairman'', having been, given, a,veiy pleasant evening was brought to a close at an early hour with the' singing of: the National Anthem. During the evening songs and recitations agreeably diversified the pro-' ceedings. . ?-?.-,[. .-, *?/: .. ... .,/' ,.. On Saturday evening a special meeting Jot :jh? West Adelaide Eifles, JEsfo. ICompany, was leld at the -London Inn. /There was a large muster of. members, and Captain fi. J. Scott occupied the chair. In Jp.troiuping the subject, 'the Chairman stated that at the express desire of Ideut.-Gol. Mayo -he had called them . together to ?:. ascertain^ -bow many ' were ?? - likely : to turn out ffco; jsceivei Sir James. Fer^nsson. Hehpped_npne of the company would resign. TJiey i^d taken Vaif p£ih to serve a certain numberof yearsj and it was their duty to abide by it. Whatever new arrangements were made in regard to the 'Volunteers ' he - believed : that their .company; would always be/ Nb. 3L A very stormy meeting of the officers |bad been held' in | referenpe tp .the treatment .they had ; received; butall he could tell them was that' he enjoyed the latter jart of it best. Lieu tenant Cunningham was Bure that all the men wduld'; turii out' cin this, occasion. rThey had received very little encouragement from former Governors, but he thought that the. next one would give them ids support/ A great deal had been said against them that ought not to have been. ;He thought the.. public up held . the volunteers, and hoped that they would not send in any resignations until the Parliament had decided what ' they were going to dp with them. Some people had asked what pood would the few volunteers: be in the event of a wax, and said that they would soon take care to ijet on the safest side of the bills. It was all very well to talk in this way, but if such .a dreadful' calamity shouldever fall upon the colonvj ne knew that the, volunteers world hot BhL-ktheirduty. In going over the EBtimafceB1 their expenses had been declared fenonnpus, audit waa urged they must be cut down, but a great deal had been put down to their debit the good of which they Jhad never received. , Such t^nnga as new rifles they had. never seen, and iiere were other expenses' debited Vjo 4' -ifcliem : 'whioli ' wpre not ; in: the slightest J Way . connected with the force. There , were many , among them who had never received a Ipienny from tite Govern^ ment, :r and 'who wfere '.;v^ry-;..enihhusiasi3c members. Se^Brd'''''of^''A^i.F.:.ia^/.l:ari-re8'Bed] the;, good feeling ^thej; riaict; ^tpSvards their officers,; 'and' .'the .;'-sonndence. ': they .'re- posed: in tiem, and signified tiieir'TviUingness to cbtriply with any request they inigkt make or :prdftrthey mightgiye. , In answer to a question, !the Captain said that they were to assemble as 'soon as ipossiBle.. after ..th% guns' had fired the salute. ' Aflsr some discussion it was agreed that, should leave'be granted, an evening comT pany drill should take .place on the first Tues day after the full moon, it being understood to be conducted under their own officers, 'On. Saturday^ January 16, tnere. was a meeting at the Globe ;;Iniit-f gentlemen who are interesting themselves in getting up a day's sport on the Old Adelaide Course1 dtiring the' vifeit of His Boyal Highness the!Duke 'of Edin burgh; There were present Sir J. EL Fisher (in the; chair), the Hon.»Ji*MorphtJtt, the Hon. J. Baker, Messsrs/ E. M. Bagot (Hon. Pea), Wi K. Simms, M-P.^Ssher; M.P.r P.; Levi, W. H.: Formby, G. Bennett.-Stevenson, H. C. Gleesonj C. Mann, J; H.'Parr, J. Souttar, J. Da,rwent. : Mumme, . Dr. Bathe, and others; Sqine' conversation took place as to whether the sports weie connected with the Jockey Glub, as the neadingof the programme -would seem, to imply.- Mr. Simms . explained that the racing would be simply under the auspices . of the ' Jockey ..; Glub, . but; no one assisting1 in getting them up would necessarily be sup posed to have, any connection with the Club, It was a special occasion, and the members of the Club would do all they could to make it a success,; as they hoped other sportsmen would; The Hon. J. Baker remarked that even if the Prince did not come he would know of the honor South' Australians had done him. Mr. Parr suggested that the day of the sport should be called i'^Hie, iQuke'e.Day.'- Mr. ,-. Bagot. thougnt that ; :an .excellent -suggestion. Mr. Simms moved—' That, it Ss desirable there should be a day's racing on j the Old Adelaide Course inhonorof the ^eipected visit of H.S.H. the Dukeiof. Edinburgh.? - The Hon. J. Baker seebnaed, and the mation was - carried nnani nibusly, Mr. Simms moved the adoption. of the prdgramnie^^of^ihe.day^s. aport, Mr. -Parr seconded! Dr. 'Bathe suggested alterations in. the order of .' the Taces. ? jHe also [proposed that- instead of the Hack Stakes there should be what he should, call ^ the 'Novel Trial Stakes,91, for horses' that iad never ran -for' any. advertised, race. ' He thought that would bring ' out a number ; f of horses, and among them perhaps some good ones/ of which their owners did not know= the quslities. He would give the second horse* so .many sovereigns, and let the tliird saye his stakes. He thought, in alftases where .there were .sweeps the second hope should saye bis S*ake. jAt the. instance of. the tii»n. J. Baker Dr^ jBathe put the last sug gsstion as a resolution, which' was': seconded and adopted as applymg to the races on the . Duke's Day. With', respect 'to ?* the ;. Hack Stakes : Mr. E. 'M, iBa^pt con tended Vthat . was a race that could not be dispensed with, .as it .attracted a good many., horses, and was very likely to be the best contested race of all. After some further discussion, it was resolved to add the new. race proposed by Dr. Bathe to. the programme, and the following are its condi tions:— It is to be called 'The Novel Trial Stakes; entries Isov., with a sweep of 2spvs. and 2D sovs. added ; half a-mile ; for all horses that have never started for an advertised race ; second horse to have 5 soys. ; third horse to save his stake. No^hprse running in this race to be_ disqualified in future, for running in Hacks or. Maidens. Entrances to be made the: previous evenisg.. but post entrance allowed on payment of an extra sovereign.' The following gentlemen were added to the list of stewards.: — The Hon. W.i Morgan, His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, t Dr. Gosse, Messrs. Darwen^ H. C. Gleeson, and Mumme, the stewards pre% viously appointed being Sir J. H. Fisher, the Hon. J. Mbrphei*, J. ^Baker, J. HodgMss, and W. W» Tuxfprd. - Mr. Simms particularly reminded all present' that the day would wind up with CPrince's Ball, which he thought would promote the success of the races themselves ypjy much. . Tjliey meant to have a day of it, and' he: believed ' they wpuld be thoroughly successful. Mr, Parr asked in. what capacity the Prince would cbme^-whether as Prince or as Captain rof the Galatea. Sir J. H. Fisher believed 'fie, 'jyould ^ come as: Captain : of the Galatea.*' , Jffr. ?ai?' t^onght- in that case ;h^,.;;might not ',;like so much fuss made about him. If they once began in that line they would get into plaster of Paris and^ calico. . After some further discussion respecting matters of detail connected- with the races, Mr. Parr proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Sir J.H. Fisher responded. They all understood his feelidgs in the matter. He thought he had retired from racing. He had been ret king for ten^yearB, but flomehow or other, he, always found. himself again among racing men.-' (Laughter and cheers.} The meeting, which'-hod; been a highly satisfactory one, 'then broke up^ , ' JlOp. S^riday aiight, , a little before _11, 6*clock, a fire, broke out on the premises of; Mr. Leaver, hatter, Eundle-street. It commenced in an inner room -and. spread to the shop in front, : completely destroying a considerable amount of property that was in both apart ments.-; Some persons' observing the smoke riished to the back,, and by closing -the doors of the inner room and the kitchen, and stopping up vail apertures, prevented, the fames from spceadingso rapidly as they would otherwise have done. On the first alarm of the fire, Mr. B. J. McCarthy, who was in Ihe neighborhood witn two. young men, named Julius Berham and Wm. Hawes, ran to Mr. Coulls's, expecting to find » reel there. Mt.CouIIb, however, had none on the premises, and directed them to Messrs. JBIKb .& Cfliitleborough, ? Hindley-street, where after a little trouble they found one, and dragged it up the street till opposite the Theatre Boyal, where., a cabby rendered them', assistance by taking the machiue in tow., This was No. .2 reel, and ; the firemen soon followed, and afterwards No. 3 : arrived on the spot, followed by No., rL The Superintendent of the Fire Brigade was of course aroused,' and came upon the -scene very speedily.' There was a sick child in the house, that was with difficulty' rescued by the. mother, who met the flames 'fea she escaped.. A ladder was taken across, from the Norfolk- Arms, and Mr. James mounted it to render any assistance that might be necessary ; but the inmates had all got away by other directions. After the hose was turned fairly on the fire was speedily' subdued. There was a large gathering of people in Bundle-street, and the crowd remained for sometimeafterthedangerhadpassedaway. How the fire originated is not positively known, but Tire understand it did not commence either in a fireplace or;frpm any gaslight.. Immense vq. lumes of smoke issued from the burning house, and .^extended ^tOfiNor^h-terrace. and Grenfell street, and -gave the idea of. a much more ex tensive' conflagration.', We, are informed that the property iwas very; inadequately insured. -)i;^VIfei^lS,y ^ jevening, January 18, a social tea meeting in connection with the South Australian District LO.R. was held at the Southern Star Tent, Waketield-street, for the purpose of giving a welcome to Bro. E. L. Bedggood, who has lately arrived from Mel bourne. There were about 40 brethren present, and at the public meeting which followed the chair was occupied by the President (Mr. Jas. HoBking) of the South Australian . Total Absti-^ nence Alliance, the vice-chair being filled by Mr. J. M. Dowie, President of the South Ade laide Temperance Association. Bro. Thps. Rhodes, P.D.C.B., introduced Bro. Bedggood in an appropriate speech. Bro.,, Bedggood responded, and gave a brief outline of , the pro gress of the fiechabite cause in Victoria. In the course of , his remarks . he stated that they numbered 3^000 members and about 80 Tents. Bro. Maley, P. D.C.B., proposed 'Success to tn'e1?. Sou*3i 'Atutrtdiaa; DiBtriot,'; and D.O. Alcock responded, and stated that the district funds amounted .to £3,700 4a. 9d.; number of members, 819. Southern. Star Tent— Number of members, 119; funds, £492 I6e. 10d. ; initiated during the year, 23. Bro. Lewis, D.C.B., proposed **SuccesB to the 'Victoria Distiict.' Mr. J.' A. Dowie proposed. '.Success to the Southern Star Tent,' ana District TreaHurer Holland responded. Tie usual votes of thanks .having been given, the. proceedings terminated.- /-,,.-.'/? , ... .. ?.-.., ; .VI ? -: ? ,.'? On Monday, Januiry : 18, a meeting of the Adelaide Meat Preserving Company waa held at White's Arbitration. iJoom. There were eight shareholders present, and the chair was occupied by Mr. A.B. Murray. The Com-; pany's solicitor (Mt.'-B: O. Baker, M.P.) pre sented the Articles of Association, and on the motion of Mr. S. Tomkinsbn^ secoBded by Mr. E. Laughtpn, they were rreferred_to the con sideration of the Directors. As a recommen dation to the Directors, Mr. Hy. Scott proposed the following as a scale of voting :— 10: shares, 1 vote ; 50 shares, 2 votes ; 100 shares, 3.-Toteii ; and 200 shares, 4 votes;. Mr. S.rTpmkin8on seconded the. resolution^ which Was carried. Mr. Tomkihson handed in an extract -ft-om a Sydney paper, which was read as follows : — ?'Soine time «nbe we called attention to Mr. ?Tames Manning's method of preserving meat in a raw fresh-state, and expressed our ;bbnViction that the process .would proye a success; '- That opinion was founded upon 'the theoretical un derstanding of the process itself, and a slight acquaintance with a few tins of the meat which' had been in keeping some months. We are now' in a position to say something more about Mr: Manning's application. ; It iseenis that he has put up 2,500 tins ' of meat, principally 'beef, which have met with % good market, and .the .cordial approval of consumers in Hobart Town, the Fijis, and New Caledonia. In the Fijis the tinned meat finds a -ready Bale at lOdL per pound, and:inHobartTowhat6d. This is the price at each of these places. A large order has Been executed for China, 6d. perpound being paid here: This is perhaps, the most remunera tive process of meat preserving^ that has yet been, started in this colony. Mr. Manning has kindly placed at our disposal the following state iaent of account. It 4s not supposititious, but actuaL ; '; Haying reduced several head of stock -^buUockB and «¥eep— to tinned meat, the fol lowing is the inoney xesult per head:-J-Showing ' expenses and profit on one bullock of very mid dling quality, founded on average results ' ob tained from 13 aead j— 1 , ;; - TocoBt ofbtilpck ! ^ \ :!... V ;.. ** 12 « Fees to Slaugotethouse Inspectbr -.'. 0 0 3 55 sins of 10 lb. eachgross, at 8|d. 1 17 9 Labor in cutting up, packing, &a...; 0 7 6 Chemicals ... ;; ... '..;;;. 0 5 6 Packjng-cases :.- .U - v.: .;. 0 18 0 Carriage, 'freight, ?'? sundries, from . Panbula to Sydney.... „. ... 1 0 0 Balance to profit ..;.-... ... 4 19 ,6 ?: v i ? c ? ???; :?-._'' ;,;; £13=16 o By 500 lbs, of tinned beef at &L; in ??.'-.? Sidney, srithbutbohe . ... ...£12 10 0 Hide, actual price, on premises ... 0 15 '0 r Tallow,7 say on only 40 lbs. from , loose fat and boiled boneS: ..; 0 10 0 Tongue... ...,\ ... .-...;... 0 1 0 Bone and offal for pigs and manure, ; not credited, but which would be ; ,-' . of value on large scale '...^'- ... 0- 0 0 ': '????'? : - :,,-! ..- '\\.'Z: ' -.'.. ? £13 16 0 Showing expenses and. profit per head of sheep, iy actual results;^ . t , To costs of sheep after shearing at f .jooibs.: ... w :... ??..;. ;. .:....?„, *.. o s o Tins ... ? .... J ':.. 0 2 2 Labor '..... ... , ... ... 0 10; Chemicals . . ,.'. ... ... ... 0.0 6. Packing case ... ... ...... 0 0 9 Carriage,. freight, sundries ... .;. 0 13. Balance to profit ... ...' .... 0 ll 11 ? .-? ' i ''':.':-'.. / -!- :' '?: Q- 3 ^0 By 40 lbs. tinned mutton, without btine,lat6d. .. ... ... ...£10 0 The pelj; ;t« .:. ... . „. ... 0 Q ?' 6 10 lbs. 'from loose fat and boiling bones, at 3d. ... ... ... ... 0; 2 6 '7' '-?? j ?'? ^.-Vv ', -.-'. £13 0 A 6^b. !tin of boiled beef from the Australian Meat Preserving Company's' works, Rbmornie, Clarence Biver,: New South Wales, .was laid on the table by Mr. Scott. The meat had under gone a voyage to England and back, and on the tia being opened it was found to be perfectly fresh and good. ; : ; . ; :? ; ' ? Ths annual meeting «f tne' ' Retail Drapers9 Assistants' Association was held at White's Arbitration Room on Monday evening, . January! 18./ There wasa largeattendance^and the chair wasoccupied by Mr. MitchelL ; The Secretary, Mr. A. H. Mumme, xead the annual report as /pllows .:— V. The Committee , of the Retail Drapers' Assistants' Association, in pre senting their annual report, wish to make a few statements with reference to the condition of the- Society, and also its want, of success in some of its operations during the past year. It willbe remembered that at the last annual meetingj it was^resplved that thet Secretary should wait on Mrs., Hamley, and solicit her. co-operation in order to obtain the consent of : employers to close their establishments at 6 o'clock all the year round. - Mrs. Hamley formed ;the Ladies' Committee, and, waited on some of the employers, but_ without sucr Cjeas. In connection with the same movepent, ; «b that greater interest might be taken, it was decided that a grand soiree should be held, to be carried out Iby the Committee. The result; was that, thrbugh a chain of circumstances, it proved a failure, as willbe seen from the Ipss^ which was made.; and .perhaps one of the strongest, reasons *hy it wasrso was the want of sym pathy displayed by many of the assistants. Your Committee in referring to the financial state of affairs, wish . to state that according to the number of . assistants there . are, our Society ought to be better supported than it is. We find there are 130 in the trade, and If each gave Is. per quarter we should have annually from them the sani.of £26 j but instead of such being ihe case our total ; proceeds from mem bers amount to the -small Bum of £9 3s. It* will at once, then, be seen that one of the reasons why the Society has not proved successful .- has been ? the want pf . support from jts members. ' There are scores who do not contribute*, one penny towards tth- working, of the SDcie'ty. They receive the same benefit as t' ose who dp, and yet thay will not aid the movement. The total liabilities when the pre sent Committee took office were £2 15s. 6d., and added to this there was the cost of the soiree advertising,' printing .bills, programme,. &c;— which' brings the total expenditure to £39 18s. 5 against thw we .have the proceeds of soiree, £16 19s. ; a balance from last year, £1 18s. 6d. ; and the am ount of quarterly subscriptions from members, £9 3s.— making the sum of £28 0s. 6d. Present liabilities, £11 17s. 6d. If the 130 members . had paid their subscriptions we should have a balance in favor of the Associa tion Thie actual'loss pn the aoiree alone was. £12 Is. Tour Committee would wish to presB upon the attention of the assistants, that assure as the Sojcieiy'is allowed to lapse through' want of support,; so sure shall we lose those holidays which have coit so jmuch to prpcxirp, therefore, it becomes each one i» attend its meetings,: to' sympathise, in its movements, and to contribute towards its'siippprjb. In concluiion, your Com mittee beg M^hank those gentlemen wh© have atood by tub ?^Society vai the past, and would express a hope that the Association will be more successful in its operations during the pre sent year,' Mr. LoveE complained of some charges that had been made against him, and stated that he had resigned the position of Secretary in consequence of the members' want of sympathy at the. last soiree. He remarked that jackets had been sent round to various of the assistants, but only two were sold, the rest being returned* The Treasurer, Mr. Laffin, read a financial statement, from which it ap peared that the Society, were indebted to him to the -. amount , of £11 17s. 6d. He stated that there .had been a great deal of trouble in getting in the subscriptions, and that there were many, who received benefits from the Society, but whp when called upon to pay -anything thought .themselves highly in sulted. Soine of the members present thought that the want of sympathy was the cause of the debt which was now accumulating, and hoped that;those connected with the Association would act niore in unison for the future. Mr. Lovell said he had seen a letter in one of the papers suggesting that the holidays should be abolished, but he advised the young, men present to stand out for what they iad; already obtained, and not ooncede anything. , Mr,. Pepper thought the assistants were much to blame for- not coming forward'to support the. Association more than they, had, and hoped that Vail disagreements would be. at ah end. He ; moved 1 the adoption of the reporta.bf the Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Lovelliii seconding propofled a vote of thanks to -the retiiirig ..' Gommittee.' * . The latter pro position was B'econded, and both jmotiens were carried; . Messrs. Tiffin- and; TVTtnTmnp were re-' spectively re-elected Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Lovell -sras chosen Chairman, and the fol lowing gentlemen were, appointed as a, Com mittee for the ensuing year-r-Messrs.. Short, Pearce, Pepper,' and Pearson. A rule referring to the subscription was amended from Is. a quarter paid in advance to 4s. per annum pre paid, so that the rule at present is as follows — " That a subscription of 4s. per annum, paid in advance, constitutes a membership." Several other matters having been discussed, a vote of thanks to the Chairman close the proceedings. In consequence of the misunderstand ing relative to the Amateur Four-oared Race for ladies' bag at the late regatta, it was de cided to row the race over on, Saturday after- noon, the 16th instant. The event came off at two minutes after 5 o'clock on the day named Entries were :—Falcon (inrigger)— W. McKenzie (bow), T. Brock, T. W. Steward, W. H. Bayley (stroke) G. Stephens (coxswain) ; Prince Alfred (outrigger) — R. Playfair (bow), E. Gibson, W. H. Hopkins, J. Playfair (stroke),. A. Quin (coxswain). The boats was handi capped, 34 seconds being allowed to the Falcon. The course is estimated at about three miles, starting from the Government Steps round a bouy placed off the red bouy spit and back to the starting point. The toss was won by the Falcon, who chose the inside place, and a capital start was effected, the Falcon getting a lead, which she increased half a length by the time the corner of Levi's Wharf was rounded; here the Prince's crew put on, a spurt and picked up the Falcon, passing her by a half a length, in which position the buoy was rounded, and the race home commenced. The Prince gradually increased her lead to about a couple of lengths by the time the goal was reached, but of course lost the race, the Falcon coming in 11 seconds after, and thereby winning the race with 23 seconds to spare. The rowing of the Falcon crew throughout was much admired ; that of the Prince not so much so. The time, occupied by the race was 13 minutes. Mr. H. Quin acted as Starter and Judge. The revenue returns of Tasmania for the year have been published, showing balance of £4,937 in favor, of ,1868 *s compared with 1867\. - ; . , . . ......:. This week's mail brings ,no news of importance from the North. 'At' Paratoo, the weather was cool, aad there had been a slight rain — too little to be ef any se'rvice. From Um beratana and other quarters, the reports speak of heat and drought. On. Wednesday afternoon, about 3.30, a little boy, the son of G. M^Kathford, was accidentally run over by a horse- and cart, driven by a farmer living at Springbank named Miohael Colvert. Dr. Campbell attended the sufferer, and found that his thigh was broken. The : fallowing piece of information from the: Argus will be interesting to our potato-growers :— ' The quantity of potatoes exported this, season from Warrnambool is likely to be far from the average.:. What with frost early in the season, and the long drought after wards, the crop has been spoiled.' The Victorian Spring Creek diggings it appears is improving. The Argus Btates that 'Therush from'. Bendigp to Spring Creek is increasing. There: are three lines of coaches running; and all of them are. packed daily. It is believed on Bendigb that at Spring {Creek ''an extensive and permanent ' payable goldfield has been found.''. , - , On Saturday afternoon, January 16, an accident happened to Mr. -- James White, a miHrmaTi) living at TJnley. He was mounted on a pony, which in trying to overtake some horses which were in front of it, unfortunately managed to throw its rider, whose collar-bone was broken. :' Medical assistance was procured,' and Mr. White is now getting on very well. . .' Geelong, it seems, is soon to be the seat of a new. industry, A Melbourne .paper .saysV ' A movement has been 'moptedL in.Geelongfpr the establishinent of a Company to manufac ture glue, 'a person skilled in the, process of makina; this article having stated his ability to supply it by a company, at a price conside rably : less . than it can be manufactured for in England.'' r ]\, t ?'. ' , ..,.,-.. ? On Wednesday evening about 8 o?cloek, a little boy named Watkins, . son of a; person named John Watkins, a confirmed drunkard, Was. brought :tb the Police j 'Station by- a- lad; named Hunt, who stated that he had found him in a house by himself without any fdo^- ''The boy,' who is quite &'? childi had: norTelati.ves in town, and the neighbors had been kindly' sug plyirig him with food. ? The father called during the evening, -but his son had been sent down to the Destitute Asylum. : ; . $he Register is wrong in saying that the Galatea is to be at Swan Biver about the middle of . February, as the -programme^ which he publishes shows. The date of arrival at Perth is fixed for the end of January, and of departure for the beginniHg of February, and of arrival at Sydney about the middle of Feb ruary. Being wrong in his facts, our contem porary is also wrong in his inference from the facts.: If the time fixed in the programme is adhered to, His Royal Highness ought to be here: early in February, before the arrival of :the next maiL We confess, however, we do not see how the Galatea is to go from Swan Siver to Sydney in 15 days, calling at .Adelaide and Melbourne, ' occasioning .a probable detention of eight days.' But it is evident, according to the programme,; that the Galatea ought to leave Perth in the beginning of February. The anniversary services of theAlber tpn and Queenstown Baptist Chapel were held on Sunday, 17th instant, when the Rev. J. L. Parsons, of Angaston, preached ? admirable ser mons in the morning and evening ; and on Tuesday evening, the 19th instant, a social tea was provided by the lady members of the con gregation. A very large assemblage partook of the same, and the good cheer supplied and tasteful decoration of the tables reflected great credit on those concerned in its preparation. At half -past 7 o'clock a public meeting was held in the church, which was crowded. ; The Bev. M. H. Hodge presided, and in his address re marked that it was pleasing to see the interest that was taken by the different Protestant de nominations' amongst each other; in 'that district. On the platform, besides the Rev. Mr. J. Price (pastor), were. the Bev. Messrs, J. Henderson, J. L.. Pareons, B. S. Casely, ;and Gi Stonehouse. These gentlemen seve j&Uy;'. addressed the meeting, and Ijie usual hymns and prayers were given. Jia. the early part of the evening the Rev. J. Price gave an excellent lecture, entitled 'Rough Notes of a Month's Visit to Melbourne,' which, being replete with interesting information^ was listened to with great attention, and rewarded . with warm applause. The total collection of the services amounted to £40. The Secretary's (W. A. S. Neill) report showed that the admissions to the membership of the Church were 16, and the losses by death and removals- 7, leaving the present number of members at 102. At the Lord's Day services, the opportunities for worship and the privi leges of the pastor's counsel were enjoyed by ?bout a similar number of attendants as during 1867\. The weekly prayer meetings had been regularly maintained. The prayer meetings at the .Port had been attended by fewer of their own adherents than had been anticipated. Welsh services were, however,- conducted in Mr. King's schoolroom by Brother: Elder Lewis Thomas on Lord's; day. evenings, and- secured more interest. The Pastor's Bible Class had met weekly, and the average attendance being 30\. The -Sunday scholars had increased in number to 215 on ihe books. The average attendance in the morning-was 92, and in the evening 140. The school, however, was not so fully supplied with teachers as might be wished. The tract distributors' labors had been extended ever a' large' area. . The financial report showed that the church was free from debt, and the total amount collected for all purposes for the year, was £281. The commencement of fund for building a schoolroom had been taken in hand, the want of a suitable room having been felt... -The usual votes of thanks, and a special one to the Manager' of Railways for delaying the, last train half an hour for the convenience of those resident Jin . Adelaide attending the meeting, brought the proceedings to a cIobc The following is the address of stock dealers using the Corporation' Yards to Mr. A. G. Burt on the occasion of his resignation of the Clerkship of the Markets, with Mr. Burt's reply :r^'To Mr. A.G. Burt.— We, the under-' signed; hearing that you' have resigned the Clerkship of the Markets; wish to express our conviction of the just, impartial, and able man ner you have conducted the business of your department, during the four years you have held the appointment— E. M. Bagot, Thomas Dodd, Dean & Laughton,- H. E. Bright, M.P., H B. Bright, jun., W. Grossman, Gordon ^Thompson, R. O. Fox, andbthers.'— 'To MesBra. Bagot and others. Gentlemen— It is with much gratifi cation I beg to thank you for the accompanying address. During the period of my appoint-, ment as Clerk of the Markets, I have endea vored, , as far as- possible, to meet the wishes and interests of both the Corporation and those frequenting the markets,' and, although at times my path, has not altogether been perfectly smooth, your present acknowledgment amply repays me for all past anxieties. —I am, gentle men, yours obediently, A. G. Burt.' The; recent squabbles on the Bench in the Supreme Court of this colony have attracted considerable notice in the other colonies. Th« Hobart Touni Mercury has a terribly severe article, in which Mr. : Justice G wynne is de nounced in no measurad terms. . The SowSiern Argus says :— 'An acci dent, ? which ' terminated . fatally, occurred at Currency Creek township on Monday. The deceased, named, Frank Johnstone (who .had been a considerable time in the employ of Mr. D. T. Jones as shepherd), had recently pur chased a horse, which lie ' had ridden to tihe- crpek io drink, and on . returning -from . the bridge to the hotel, galloped furiously up against the ..corner-post of the newly-fenced enclosure opposite the Post- Office, and against which he waa thrown with great violence. The injuries sustained were chiefly confined to the head, and from which immediately afterwards a profuse hoemorrhage proceeded from the mouth and ears. Several people were witnesses of the accident, and immediately conveyed. the deceased to the hotel, where every attention was bestowed., and after lingering some hours, he died early next morning. During the day an inquest was -held before Mr. Laurie, S.M.i' and a respectable .jury, of whom Mr. R. Summan was chosen foreman. The evidence of the witnesses clearly pointed to the accidental character of the death, and a verdict was given accordingly. On Tuesday, January 12 (says the Southern ' Argus)':k man named Murdoch McMahon, living at Paris Creek, met with a very serious accident. Mr. Staples, of Strath albyn, while going his rounds, and when about five miles ; from ' Strathalbyn on the Wood chester-iroad, came .upon a man lying face down wards just off the road, near a tree. He and the - man who was with him immediately got off' the cart and pickad up the man, and they 'then found 'that he had some severe, wounds in the head, and the upper part of I the face was covered with' blood. ' Mr. Staples ; removed the contents of his cart and placed the -man in it, and at once started back,* and placed the sufferer in the Terminus Hotel. ? Dr. Blue was at once sent for, and found, that Mr. McMahon had sustained a concussion of the brain. We learn that he left Woodchester about 7 in the morning, and the -accident, must have occurred within an hour afterwards. The time he was , discovered was : between 12 and 1 o'clock, so that he must have lainsome considerable time. It would ap pear that Mr. McMahon's horse shied and run against a tree, the overhanging branches of which caught the. poor man on the left temple and right eye, aud -inflicted a very severe wound. The .unfortunate man expired at about 9 o'clock on Friday morning, and at an inquest held the same day before Dr. Herbert. J.P., the; jury returned a verdict of accidental death.' On Friday, January :8, an accident,' which eventually resulted fatally, occurred at YankaliUa to a son. of Mr. Thomas Tooth, an. old resident of Strathalbyn. He was assisting his father to break in. a filly, when the animal kicked him in the stomach. At first he did not complain of any injury, but eventually he became worse, and died from the results of the kick.. ;,:.;'.'.. ?,-?,,. ...''.??; ? ? ?. i'WeY*Sbw#&em; Argus) are glad to hear from Mrh Nutt, the contractor for the sleepers oh the ' Strathalbyn and TVIiddleton Tramway, that there is no danger of any delay in the com pletion of the line' on hiB part. On the 7th instant Mr. Nutt brought a number of sawyers from the mills at Mount Crawford to Black wood, and at that place there are now 27 pair of sawyers at wptk, besides themilL so that the sleepers are being rapidly turned out, and Mr. Nutt estimates the delivery at between 2,000 and 3,000 weekly, and says he will finish his supply for tfifi line in another week. Mr. Mac george is pushing on : with his work, and in about a fortnight we expect to see him at Strathalbyn. . An accident that was fortunately not attended with such serious consequences as might have been anticipated, occurred at the Paramatta Mining Companj 's works on Friday. A man was putting some' drills into a basket, when one slipped and fell down the shaft, strik ing a miner below on the side of the face, and carrying away some of his teeth. Had the drill struck him : directly on the head, he must have beenkilled on the spot. A s is was, though hurt, he was able to walk home and obtain medical assistance.— ^oKaroo Times. At Ararat, Victoria, they have had a good -harvest, and Chinese labor has been used successfully on many farms. A paper says : — ' The -Chinese work in' bands under a' Tecpg-* nised leader, and would appear to be gradually acquiring European habits. When they 'knock down ' their chequei, however, it is for useful articles, and for that great luxury of theirs — opium.' ? 'Jaques,' the theatrical critic of the Australasian, says : — 'I .am glad to know that Mr. Walter Hill, who suffered a dreadful acci dent twelve months ago, is now nearly quite well, and has accepted an engagement in Ade laide. He is a very ? deserving man and an in telligent actor j and I trust' his future success may compensate him abundantly for Mb past misfortunes.' . ??':??- , Li some pfurts pf Victoria they have what may be appropriately termed the plague of grasshopper*. ? Accorduig to .the Hamilton Spectator, \ one person lyho, f or the 'last ifcwo. or three years had taken great pains with his garden, and indeed j until a week ago, could proudly point to the result of his attention, now has nothing left but stems and stalks, so denuded that the absence of charring alone tells you the ruin has not beea caased by fire. The 'spanw question' is now being agitated in Victoria as, for years past, it has in England,_the most opposite opinions prevailing. Farmers in country districts are calling out for an importation of sparrows to save their crops from the ravages of insects, whilst gardeners and other persons round Melbourne are actually asking the municipal authorities to offer re wards for the destruction of the same birds. Why not catch them alive, and send them where they are wanted? A. rather|ex1a^wrdinaryiincident,^illusT trative of the fear existing among birds towards snakes, occurred fat^|Euroa,|:: Victoria. Accord ing to the Benalla Ensign, a hen, after being frightened by one of these reptiles, laid a large pgg, on the smaller end of which stood out in relief, perfectly embossed on |thej.shell, the figure of a miniature snake, quite perfect, coiled around,? andlhavingtitsjheadgflattened out as if ready: for its prey. '--. The- Atistwtlasiam, inYreferring to the projected establishment of a Bushman's Home in South Australia; concludes with the follow ing remarks :— ' We learn with pleasure that the plan has received the warm support both of employers and 'ofjbushmen. It is time that some measures should be taken, not only to improve the condition of a useful body of men, but to check the encouragement which their weakness gives to thieves and prostitutes, and, worse still, the keepers of low public houses. We shall effectually prune the luxu riance of these vicious, parasites of the great social tree by depriving them of one large ^source of their present nutriment.' We wonder how much the best vine yard in South Australia is worth, or whether we shall over have any equal in value to those of France. Some of these are worth immense . sums of money, for instance that of the cele brated Chateau Lafitte, just purchased by Baron Rothschild for £180,000, Even this -large sum did not include any of the wines in the cellars, which were -sold separately by auction,- realis ing a large sum. A lot of claret of the cele brated vintage of 1811 sold for £4 16s. per bottle/ Other vintages of claret sold as follows per bottle :— For the vintage of 1798, 16 francs; 1815, 31 francs ; 1825 and 1858, 36 francs ; 1846, 27 francs ; 1848, 65 francs ; 1823, 60 francs ; 1834, 70 francs. The AUrury Banner says : — ' The fol lowing are some of the prices paid to owners of hill country on the Upper. Murry for depastur ing sheep of the dried up plains of Riverina, the prices being understood to be for the season during which the hill country will be available for sheep — that is, for say, six months, or until tie next snow begins to cover the hills. Stock owner H pays £600 for paddocked country for about 155,000 sheep, but he does not intend to send up more than 15,000 ; thus the extra ex pense of finding grass during the present season of drought will cost the squatter 9d. per head. Stockowner B pays £250 for unfenced country for 15,000 sheep, and finds hi« own shepherding. This country/ was taken up early, before the great rush of stock set in. from the plains towards the hills. The cost ef the mere grass is 4d. per head. Stockowner C pays Is. per head for 5,000 sheep, and has to find his own shepherding; he estimates the cost of the grass and the shepherding at Is. 6d. per head. Adding to the above-named prices the cost of travelling' the sheep- several hundred miles up to the bUl country, loss by starvation, &c;, on the road, and hack travelling expenses, it would seem to be likely enough that in the present appearance of the wool markets the profits of the next -clip will- be either infinitessimally small or altogether niL The great migration ' of stock from the low country up to the 'hiiiq. is now nearly at an end for two reasons — the hill - country is nearly as foil as it can be, and the difficulty of travelling along the eaten-out frontages or highways is fatal to large numbers of weakly sheep. The different routes taken by the present exodus can be traced by carcases of sheep. Some of the frontage runholders have been put to considerable expense and trouble by this wholesale travelling of stock. One stockowner informs us that for the last month he has found it necessary to employ six extra mounted men to escort travelling stock through his run and to prevent mixture with his own sheep. Every day there were three or four lots of shesp of ten and twenty thousand each, and as these swarms were divided into flock, a con tinuous line of sheep often stretched across the run for ten or twelve miles. ' The i Tamworih Examiner reports that the dead body of an old man named Thomas Grant, 79 years of age, was found under a tree, wrapped up in an opossum rug, about six miles from Mr. Button's station, on the Pian Greek, by a dealer of the name of Quinland, on. last Wednesday week... Two days, previously, the old man- was seen at the same place very much exhausted by a half-caste boy, - of whom he asked how far he was from water, and on being told that he was about a mile, he said he would never reach it, and would lie down and die ; but the boy failed to mention this to anyone.. . Grant had been employed as a shepherd oh Sir. Pearce's stations on Pian Creek, and was known in the neighborhood. His faithful dog remained with the body until it was interred. The dry state of the country at present in that locality, and the recent op pressively hot weather, render it unsafe even for strong men to attempt passing over these arid plains, much less a man so close on four score. —Sydney Morning Herald. On Wednesday evening a man was found by the police in a helpless state of in toxication on East-terrace. On taking him to the station and searching him, it was dis covered that . he had ? in his possession nine £3 noteB, thirteen .£1 notes, £15s. 3d. in silver, and l^d. in coppers, making a total of £59 5s. 4^d. The. man certainly has cause for thank fulness that he had hot fallen into other hands. Had he, .the ? question, of how much of the amount would now be his, is a matter for his consideration. _,....„. Our Mount Barker correspondent sends the following particulars of a dastardly attempt to burn down Messrs. Cornelius & Stone's offices at that township. He says:— On Tuesday evening some person or persons tried to set ure to Messrs. Cornelius & Stone's offices in Gawler street. They poured some kerosine under the door and set fire to it, but luckily it did not burn much — only the door-silL If it had taken, hold of the floor it must have destroyed all the principal shops in Mount Barker. We hope our police will keep a good look-out. We observe that Mr. S. Fiddian, B.A., the head master of the Alfred Wesleyan Col lege, arrived on Thursday by the Aldinga. The subscription -work' of the Royal Association for the promotion of the Fine Arts in Scotland is now in course of distri bution to the South Australian subscribers to the Art Union in connection with that Associa tion. . The work consists of six line engravings aiustiativp of Scottfs 1 novel 'Rob Roy.' The engravings , comprise ' Cattle Lifting,' 'The Glove Scene in the Lihi*ry,V 'Rob Roy parting the Duellists, Rashleigh and Francis Osbaldistone, Morning, at the Clachan of Aberfoil and Loch Ard, the Escape of Rob Roy at the Ford, and Loch Lomond. To ' thoie those persons who have seen the annual subscription works which this Society publishes, it is only necessary to say that the engravingg of Rob iLey are fully equal to those of Waverley, Guy : Hanseling, and others of Scott's novels, and to those who may not have met with these works we would say that these .engravings are in the highest .style of art, and are bound so as to form an elegant volume for any drawing-room, An instance of good fortune occurred the other day at Godfrey's Creek Diggings, 'Victoria. A local paper says:— 'A lad about sixteen years of age, who had never used the pick and shovel, started to try his luck as a miner at Godfrey's one morning, and when he returned to' dinner the same day he took home a 16 02 nugget. ._ ? 