EMS.OFWS.,-, " At tlie look-tip yesterday , Mr PearCerpmanded to the following (this; day a man named Sullivan, charged with stealing s bpttle of houey from'tho' shop of Mr Pett, of Mostyn-slreet. We observe thjit the Volunteers- going to Mel-, bourne on- the Queen's Bii thdav are reouired to wear white cap covers, (as shades from the spn) and groat coats (to counteract thoir iiifliiencos).' We have-reoeived two .photogra|ihe from Mr Glenny, of Bnllnrat, of tho Inte Rov, Mr;Hill, that are clearly "iind'accnrataiy - taken. From' what Mr Glenny states, the deceased and hie friends were so highly pleased with tho likunsesses 'tbat orders were seat for a number. The a(loaiiqn,'qf tlie; Vqlpnteers is 'directed' to anotico'in our advertising columns' respecting the arrrangements for going by tho train tq-Mel- hourno on Monday, and to the orders respecting the uniform. To-night tliere will he a mqon- liglit parade at hnlLpast seven. ,:.;c V J -M . An inquest was held at the Hospital yesterday on .the : body,,, of a.-man . named - Roht Oday., of Che'wton. ' Tlie deceased was ' admitted in a (faugerous.- state, suffering from inilammati.qn of the. luiigs! "' The jury' returned n"v,er'di'cf'w"died from natural causes." Ho leaves a wife and three children. The Rev. 'Mr James lios reeoived from 'hlel-. bourne, a "circular; from tho Rev. Mr Dare, ;in-> viting him to take a part in obtaining subscrip tions; for :tlie family of the late- Rev. Mr'Hijl., ; Subscriptions will be received' by him, at the narsonane. bv Mr Leech. Mr Crow, of Barker- street, and at the office of tliis paper. At a meeting held at the Supremo- Court.Hotel last evening: for the purpose of organising a quoit club, thero was a fair attendance. Mr J . Cnllings was elected president ; Mr L.- Finch vice-presi dent ; Mr Slattery, treasurer and Mr Jury, secretary. Tlie rules of the club wore also adopted, and fourteen members duly nominated. - The Guildford Quoit Club met at Church's hotel, on Wednesday evening, for the purpose of selecting a team to play the match on Tuesday with the Geelong club, but after taking a review of the avail- able forces, it was concluded that it would be neces-. sary to postpone the match as their players could not be got together on the day named. This post ponement will be rather disappointing to our Geelong friends as we learn from a communication from Mr Garner that they have been pluming themselves on coming to a certain victory. The Tarad'alo Church of - England bazaar, came of on Tuesday and Wednesday with great success, in the Oddfoliows'.Hal,whi(;h .was taste fully decorated. The exhibits were displayed to the best advantage, and tho whole had a very im posing effect. Miss Carey, as sooretnry l and' treasurer, was kept constantly employed. Tlie stall .holders were' Mesdumcs Berry, Wells, Sevier," Croolte, Bnllimore, Symons, Hughes, and Chalmers ; also, Misses Johnstone and' Turner. The gifts were varied and numerous — pincushions, anti-macassars, and articles for Borlius; Oppo site the ornamental, department wore to.be found pigs, bacon, fowls, geese, &o.-; ' This ruorning a friend presented a good useful horse; and tlie best aiid most remunerative- of all was Mr Comber's ' Ghost " — a minature'entertainment a' la Pepper; which was to be seen at intervals of ten minuteB for ' tlm small sum of sixpence. The amount mu.uawicnhuiquaipiitfdjttdiitJgiflj-tBr mination. .. A recent event in. connection with the hospital; gives a local interest to tho following : — " A matter of some importance tq borough councils and their contractors was dealt with last flight by the Fitzroy Council who have discovered by their present ex perience the necessity for tho greatest exactness in their arrangements for contracts. It appears that ono Thomas, Roilly had sent; in a tender for road- metal, for . conditional acceptance by the council; which, on account of. its being greatly . below tlie next lowest, was readily accepted ; but tqo . price of stone having gone .up in tho interim, Roilly sunt a letter declining to carry-out his agroemcut, and asking for a return . of his deposit. This somo of tho council considered -was, in the usual order of things, forfeited; but in opposition to this view, Councillor - Falconer pointed out that, as the contract had not, been. signed and sealed,, the council had no authority to withhold tho deposit. As tho . next lowest.tender was in nd- vanco of Reilly's soma £70, the codnoil felt that thq delay incompleting the contract, had- entailed that loss; but after .postponing .the matter -from their previous meeting, it: was, finally decidod last night that, " through vagueness in clause 18 of the printed regulations, no power existed to retain the deposit," which would accordingly bo returned. A monster mushroom which- wits Bent to thq Age by Mr Thomas ' Robiuso'h;' weighed twenty ! ounces. It is about a toot in ammeter, and the top. bears nq inconsiderable resemblanco; to ' ni music stool covered with white satin! ' The stolid is about three inches in diameter. ; . -j ; The Rev. : J. Taylor, jun., -eldest son .of. the late minister of Collins-street Baptist tChurch, is officiating at Majorca "and Amherst for the: Pres byterians. Having "given " up liis. position as a Baptist minister; he lias applied- for admission to the Presbyterian Cliui-ch. His services are said to be highly.accejjtable to the congregations, in thq places above mentioned. " : . Mr Jones. was. -paid .what itbe Courier tej-ms d " special compliment " at the Sons of. Temperaneq soiree, in tlio Alfred-hall.! At the closing of thq meeting lie 'came; forward'to -return thanks oq belnilf of tile- singers and 'ladies, .when lie was almost smothered with a large shower of bou! quels thrown' by the. ladies amount the'audience. Mr Jones seemed at first a little' taken aback by this friendly brondside. but he quickly recovered his Belf-possession, and returned thanks in a neat speech. . !> '. !...., 1 Tho first liare lias beonsliot in the Ballurat district. It seems that some time since, but how long ago is not stated! d few lmres were turned out at Learmonth ; but nothing 'more was seen . of, them, until;last Friday. Then Messrs Gilchrist and Mqckay were out .'shooting; when the latter popped ofT'ufino buck, that had evidently strayed away, from the campiug-grouud ol its kind,' and accordingly came, to grief. A gentleman residing liot.a buudred miles from this (Courier) office in forms us that tlie meat was " splendid." " A rather startling announcement," soys the Bendigo Evening News, " wus made in the County Court yesterday by a solicitor. Ho stated that a woman, who, was dyiugin the hospital, had : made a present in lior will of a certain house to his .client, and he could now produce her to prove this; All eyes were. instantly directed- in horror to the witness box, wlion a robust-looking woman came forward, and gave her e vidonco in anything but an unonrthly tone. , It was explained that the . liidy ' had'" ultimately recovered in the hoBpitul, .after she had bequeathed the property to him." .. - , ' . . The, convict Ri.tson, Bi'uco he has been in the Melbourho gaol,, bus conducted himself in an .exceedingly quiet mniraor, and not tho slightest traces of iusauity can be discovered iu liiiu. On being taken out of the prison van his handcuffs were taken off, and lie was placed in his. coll. I'l'e whs asked whom lie would wish to. defend liim, and" he" replied Mr Aspinall, but ho was not acquainted- with uiiy- attorney. 'Everything for his defence liqs1 been provided him, and it is posr - siblo'ihat' his trial will' come off at' tho present sessions. 1 Ho looks remarkably well1, is in- good condition, and sleeps well. A warder is told' off for his especial custody. The rabbit nuisance Bpreads. A few naontlis ago it was mentioned that tlioy had. made their appearance at Bruce's Crock, and now they afo found there in thousands, and extensive burrows may be mot with about half n mile from the Leigh-road railway station. > A telegram from Sydney notifies tho death iu California of Mr Armcs Boaumont, well known in Melbourne as a momber of Lystor's opera troupe. It will bo remembered that great public sympathy was excited on bohalf of Mr Beaumont some tliree "years ago on. aeeoimt qf liis unfortu nate loss of an eye by a gunshot accident, the consequences of which for a time placed his life in imminent danger. The career of Mr Beaumont which has been thus promqtqroly terminated, wbb regarded asjine. of very groat promiso prior to the accident alluded to. j 