Poet's Corner. THE EXILE'S DREAM. (BY J. SHERIDAN MOORE.) Port Jason* of the Golden Fleece and of the Hundred Bays, Is deepening into deepest blue beneath meridian rays; Its forest fringe of golden brown is broken by the sheen Of purple crags, and gaunt white gums, and tints of tender green. Within the shadow of a cliff young Kevin Keighran lies, And sleep steals with its subtle might upon his weary eyes; And in his sleep he dreamt a dream, which made the bright blood rush To cheek and brow in crimson tide—emotion's vivid flush. Enfranchised Fancy sweeps o'er seas: he gains his native land, And kneels upon its sea-ribbed shore, and kisses the white sand; And o'er a widening landscape his eyes with keen glance range Until they catch the gable points of an ivy crowned grange. Ho! quickly through the valley and round the moon-lit lake,— Past grave-yards grey and meadows green—o'er brattling brook and brake: A subtle sense thrills all his soul—his eyes are brimming o'er— His quivering hand is laid at last upon his father's door! The latch is lifted. Like a ghost he passeth into gloom, And seeks in stealthy gliding pace the well- known common room. Intruder, pause! 'Tis evening prayer—he hears his family pray, The last orison offered is--for Kevin far away! Sharp screams of joy—fond clasps of love—wild revel of delight— A father's farm, a mother's face, breaks on his dazzled sight; And next a blushing presence comes lovingly in view— 'Tis that of Alice, colleen bawn, the tender and the true. Sweet Alice, who said years ago,—"O, Kevin put your trust "In God and Love; for love is right, and God is ever Just! Go on your bitter journey, nor yield to coward fears "The clouds will break and bright days come— 'tis only seven years!" Phantasmagoric raptures, how quickly are you past, Like South lights' vivid vanishing or fleet as Southern blast! Before God's holy altar, with loving hand in hand, To get the Church's benison, he and his Alice stand. The rite they rightly celebrate, 'mid friends and kindred dear; The sagorth's words 'nent troth and trust they revently hear; And in the moment's tumult that quaint grey chapel's bell Breaks into rusty resonance their joy of love to tell. Phantasmagoric pictures, what clouds across ye sweep ! The taskman's bell makes Kevin start from that enthralling sleep And, dazed and scared, he glares around—then creeps in pale dismay, With sick'ning sense of full despair, to where his drear toil lay. The blinding grief his cheating dream hath caused, prevents him see A female form pass near his path; and with sad scrutiny Gaze on him, bowed and wan with love—he once of keenest sight, She lithe of limb and light of foot—the brightest of the bright. "O, Kevin, can you pass me thus?" He startles at the sound, And staggers like a drunken man, but ere he reached the ground, White loving arms hold him—hot kisses warm his cheek— And mingled tears express the thoughts which words can never speak. "Dear Kevin, I have followed you as quickly as I could; "The seven years are not yet passed, and come to you I would, "And now," she said more cheerily, as she sees him sternly grave, "This paper makes you servant to me your loving slave!" "So brighten up! The clouds are rent—the heaven above is blue; "My parents sleep in peaceful graves, and I am come to you." And then he chokes to thank her, but his tongue is still untrue Until once more she said, "They all are dead; and I am come to you!" 