Leading Articles. THE PASSING YEAR. We can imagine a traveller in Canada, passing now through the forest rich with the varying tints of autumn, and now through the cultivated fields from which the golden harvest has been just removed, or the meadows still clad with verdure or decorated -by the wild flowers that linger there. The sun has sunk in the west, brightening the beauties of the landscape with the SDlendour of its eorseous colouring, and he iournevs on in the increasing darkness till he hears the surges of the mighty ocean. Here his progress is stopped, and he lies down to sleep. He rises with the morning's light, and, look ing back upon the way by which he came, he sees no longer the soft scenes through which he passed but the evening before. A sudden frost has come. The leaves which trembled with every breeze have fallen from the trees, which send up their rigid arms to heaven. The waving grass, which bowed beneath his tread stands up, each blade a sharp unmoving spike. All is, as it were, turned to stone — it yields, it waves no more. He looks forward, and there lies the mighty ocean — still heaving, indeed, and yielding to every influence, but trackless, uncertain, treacherous. It is thus we stand at the closing of the year. Behind us lies the past — fbzed, rigid, unchangeable ; before, the pathless, unfathomable future, 'Deep and uncertain as the ocean.' At such a moment the questions rise, What may we learn from the past ? What may we hope for the future 1 If we look at the past year, one subject rises so vast and so terrible in its dimensions that it obscures every other object. Seven hundred thousand souls with their posterity, while the world lasts, must look back on 1869 as the period when their trust in what they thought to be the pledged honour of England was annihilated and what they considered their most sacred rights were trampled under foot. Too bitterly was the lesson then brought before them, ' Cursed is the man that trusteth in man.' May the lesson thus practically taught be brought home by the power of the Holy Ghost to the heart of each sufferer. This year has seem a further development of the strange cha racteristics of the age. From the day the promise was made that the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's head, the world has been divided into those that professed to believe, and those that avowed their unbelief. From the day when Cain offered his unbloody sacrifice, there have been those who, professing to receive God's message of mercy, have either set up their own imaginations or the traditions of others as the ground on which they presented a sacrifice of their own, in opposition to that of Christ. What is new is, that the infidel now calls himself a Christian, and the offerer of another sacrifice holds high office in the Church that broke with Rome expressly, and almost exclusively, on the ground of that other sacrifice which Rome presents to her votaries. Where this infidelity that calls itself Christian, this Romanism that calls itself Angelican, will end we know not. It was the duty of the Church to wait patiently to see what can be done by the development of the very deficient system of discipline which Royal Commissioners and others are seeking to improve; but if nothing is done, there must come a period in which further waiting would be unfaithfulness. The death of the late Bishop of Exeter is remarkable, as he is the last High Churchman of any note. The present Bishop of Lincoln may perhaps justly receive the designation, but he belongs to a very different school. The Romanising party claim and assume the name, venerable by many honoured associations, and to which the prevailing latitudinarianism gives peculiar value, but they might with quite as much truth call themselves Calvinists. What the High Churchman revered they repudiate, what he approved they condemn. Looking at our own country, an effort has been unsuccessfully made to do away with the Board of Education, as not suffi ciently active in the work of secularisation. We certainly cannot blame them on that score. But as our Government proclaims — and we most cordially agree with them — that they, the Government, are quite incapable of giving the country a religious education, the question must suggest itself to every thinking mind, whether it is in a position to give to the country any education at all — whether it would not be more seemly for a Government to encourage all efforts for giving a sound secular education, than to endeavour to crush every independent action, and to make the schools of this country the creatures of its will. The Church in her external work has continued to make her slow, but we trust sure and steady, progress. Many may naturally look with regret upon the tardiness of her growth compared with that of other denominations ; but we must remember that, if we would plant an oak we must not expect it to spring up as rapidly as the blue gum, and if we could by artificial means so stimulate its growth, the shadow of the one might be as unsatisfactory and evanescent as the shadow of the other, and its limbs as easily scattered by the winds. We do trust that what has been done slowly has, through the divine blessing, been done surely. With respect to internal progress we hesitate to speak. We bless God for the character of the additions that have been made to the ministry. We trust that the older labourers are more and more awake to the call for increased inward spirituality, and, if it be possible, for more outward' labour and self-denial; and that the laity, in many instances, begin to feel more strongly the necessity for personal religion, and to understand better their position as members of the Church. We feel, however, that we are here treading on dangerous ground. We may lawfully count our professed members, our congrega tions, our communicants ; but when we come to ask who are inspirit and truth the Lord's [people among us, the worda of Joab come as a warning voice, saying, ' The Lord add unto the people^ how many soever they be, an hundred fold.' ' But why delight in this thing T- It is the Lord's to number His people and to write up their names ; ours to trust that the Word He has sent forth ' shall not return to Him void.' - ?' And in this spirit we may look at the coming year. The future is to us a trackless ocean; but there was One who ?walked on the waves of the sea, and who not only walked himself, but enabled His servant, as long as he looked at him, to walk thereon likewise, and who when he failed stretched out the hand of help, and made the waters once more firm as the solid earth. .Leaning upon Him, we may go forth into the unknown future without presumption and without fear, ??? knowing that He has said, ' I will never leave thee nor forsake thee.' 