I , w ? ?» ?» — ? ;. ? r ? ? rrr ? : ???' ' ? ' ? 4 ? : RELIGION IN EDUCATION AS AN INSTRUMENT OF MENTAL CULTURE. A Lecture delivered before the His torical, Literary, and JSsthetical ;; Society of the Catholic University of Ireland, by the Very Rev. Monsignor Woodlock, D.D. We have been accustomed to hear the argu ments developed which prove the importance, or rather the necessity, of uniting religious with secular instruction in the great work of Edu cation. With Bacon we have considered reli gion as the precious perfume of the sciences which hinders them from corrupting the human heart— 'aroma scientiarum. We knew, tnat it alone, by being the basis, the companion, and the crown of the instruction of youth, can make that instruction an education which will fit man for the two fold end of his existence, to be for a while a worthy denizen of earth, and thus to become an everlasting citizen of heaven. These holy and supernatural advantages of religion in education are often considered. But not so fre quently, as it seems to me, do we reflect on another very important part, which the study of religious truth, and the scientific acquirement of sacred knowledge ought to occupy in the education of a Christian citizen ; and many per Bons, 1 bhink, do not sufficiently bear in mind the grievous intellectual loss sustained by those whose minds are submitted to a system of cul ture, from which is excluded a study of religion proportionate to the other parts of their educa tion. The acquirement of religious knowledge, eorrespondiug to the extent of a youth's secular information, is a most important element in his mental culture and I ask your indulgence, while I endeavour briefly to set before you some of the intellectual advantages which arise from tLe Btndy of religion with the cultivation of other subjects, advantages which are jeopardised, or lost, when religion is excluded from the schools. The advantages to which I refer were thoroughly known and appreciated in those ages of faith to which Christendom is indebted for nearly all the institutions, intellectual, poli tical, or social, which form the basis of European civilization. The minds of those great men, who drew order out of the chaos of barbarism, ' were trained chiefly, though not exclusively, by the study ot religious truths. The authors of our Irish Brehon Laws, Charlemagne, St. Edward the Confessor, St. Lewis of France, to Bay nothing of the great fathers of civilization, the glorious Popes, St. Gregory the VII. and In nocent the III. have left after them uumistake able signs, that to the deep study of religion Were they chiefly indebted for that mental cul ture which raised them so far above their fellows and enabled them, to leave their marks upon the World for ages. But even those whose fundamental principle would, if applied universally, sap the founda . tion of all doctrinal teaching ; even those who reject the authority of a divinely appointed teacher, admit in practice the truth of the prin ciple for which I contend ; and it is worthy of remark, that some of the greatest Protestant phi losophers, orators, and poets, borrow from the ?acred pages, or from the doctrines of the Chris tian Religion, their happiest illustrations or wisest maxiums. 1 With your kind permission, then, I shall endeavour to show what a valuable instrument of mental culture is to be found in a deep and extensive study of religion, corresponding to the depth and extent of the other studies, in which \- a youth happens to be engaged ; and since jve . Catholics know that true religion, with all its ] attendant blessings, is to be found only in the : living teaching of the Catholic Church, I shall I draw the illustrations of my subject chiefly, al o , t- \ '?'??? though not exclusively, from the doctrines and ????????*- ] practices which, distinguish Catholicity from ?very othet religious denomination. The polish of the human iuind, which is the fruit of a liberal education, seems to me to con sist chiefly : 1st in sharpening the reasoning powers ; 2ndly, in teaching the mind what is morally good, that she may love it ; and 3rdly, in Btoring the imagination with images of the truly beautiful. Now this triple Jfruit is produced in a remark able manner by a systematic and deep study of the sacred truths of the Catholic Religion, as a part of education in youth. The first thing to be considered in any sys tem of religious teaching is ; the nature of the dogmas upon which it is founded. Those fun damental truths or dogmas it is, which give a tone to the whole body of doctrine j they it is, which give to it unity, consistency and strength ; which make it powerful for good or evil over : .'? the minds of its adherents ; which are the ,, , ., 'tessera' or mysterious sign, by which its dis ciples are bound together, are known to each Other, and are recognised outside. These truths or great principles exercise a most powerful influence on all who accept them as the founda ? tion' of their belief, and as the foundation con . : lequently of all their supernatural hopes and ... most important interests. If these principles be ,, spiritual and sublime, they raise the mind, and } i ml it with noble and exalted convictions ; if they be low and degrading, the mind which La imbued with them, becomes degraded, . .,'., grovels in the mire of sensuality, and even adores .: the vilest form of depravity and vice. What . : ; U it, that has given its peculiar tone to Chris , . i tian Civilization and raised it so high above the boasted civilization of Pagan Greece, or Rome, , but the holy principles and the sublime teach ings of the Christian Religion? Now, in pro ,? portion an these sacred truths and ennobling }... . principles are brought home to each mind, their effect iu the individual ease becomes more ap ?''?' ;;; ?-. parent to alJ, and more fruitful of real advantage ,j -: , to. the intellect and whole man. And if we . '. \ QODpider in particular the chief truths proposed '{?; ' '..by the Catholic Church to the. belief of her children, we shall find the j/reat force of these remarks. The doctrines of the Trinity or of Three Divine Persona in one God, of tho Incar nation, of the Redemption of mankind by the sufferings of a God made man, of the real pre sence of the same Man- God in a permanent sacrament and continual sacrifice, of the living teaching of the Spirit of God in an infallible Church, of the presence on earth of one, who, although only a mortal and weak man, is still God's Vicar on earth, and as such, invested with power from on high, to be the ruler, and the unerring teacher of all God's children : these doctrines, 1 say, exercise a wonderful influence in the development of the human intellect ; each one of them opens out, as it were, a new field on which the mind and its faculties may ex patiate, developing themselves, and becoming more and more thoroughly educated by the study of subjects, which are at once the moat sublime and the most interesting, because they are the communications of God to his creatures. And think not that I suppose that these truths should be studied equally by all. The form of religious education I advocate is one in which the study of religion would be in proportion to the rest of the intellectual culture, for I maintain that, even as a Christian child, acquainted with its catechism is, as has been well said, more learned on many matters of the deepest import than were the sages of old, and with its intellect more fitted for the knowledge of truth, and better stored ; so in every grade of learning the Catholic Christian who has studied his religion systematically and deeply, has an intellect better prepared for the appreciation of truth than his brother who has not enjoyed the like advantage. And most assuredly the kuowledge of these Divine truths disposes the educated mind, and sharpens its reasoning powers in order to the appreciation of the great metaphysical truths re garding personality, and substance, and essence, and being, and causes and effects, with many other abstruse points, which are set before the intellect by the mental and moral sciences. The study of the doctrines and practices of the Catholic religion promotes mental culture also to a remarkable extent, by teaching the mi ad what is morally good, that she may love it. And here 1 regard moral good, not uuder its iisual and holiest aspect, as it is referred to the ser vice of our Maker, or is the only source of true happiness ; but I look on it merely inasmuch as the lively appreciation of the true principles of moral rectitude ennobles the soul, and enlarges and elevates the mind ; in a word, I view it in the sense in which we may apply to ib the poet's words : — ' Emollit mores, nee sinit esse feros.' Now it seems to me that to deprive Catholic youth of the opportunity of studying deeply and systematically the moral principles and the sacred rites and the holy practices, prescribed or recommended by their religion, and in ase among her children is, in truth, to deprive them of this great element of mental culture. And who can express the valuable education imparted to the mind, especially of youth, by studying the gentleness, the purity, the holiuess of the church's moral and disciplinary code ? Who can tell. the elevating influence of the examples of her sainted heroes and heroines in every age, in every station of life, in every imaginable vari ety of circumstances ? Who can sufficiently ex plain the refining effect of her sacred litursy, acting through the seases as well as through faith on the moral feelings of man ? It has be.eu said, aud with great truth, that the barbarians, who devastated the Roman Empire, were civil ized and changed into modern Christendom in a great measure by the Ritualism of the Church ; by her noble cathedrals, her gorgeous liturgy, her gentle but inflexible morality, her holiness. The great infli'nce of her teaching on the. development and perfection of the fine arts, of painting, of sculpture, of music, has been explained by much abler tongues than mine ; and ho one doubts the immense power exer cised by these noble arts in civilisiug, that is, educating the masses and individuals. Who can say the chastening effect of hor solemn funeral rites, when with one word she comforts the mourning survivors, by pointing to the glory of Heaven and its angelic citizens, and teaches them how Lazarus, once a beggar, enjoys a place which the richest on earth cannot give ? Who can measure the salutary influence exercised on the mind and heart, and on the whole man by the sanred ceremonies with which the Catholic Church consecrates her sacred virgins to God ? Who can estimate the ennobling senti ments inspired by the solemn ceremonies with which she offers sacrifice to tLe Most High or ordains ministers for His altar ? Now of each of these things, both as regards generations and individuals, ib may be said with truth, emollit mores. With respect to one of the institu tions of the Church, to which I have re ferred above, and which is moat fre quently misrepresented or maligned, I mean the religious state, the illustrious Balmez sayn, with good reason ? ' What man with a tender and sensitive heart can endure the shameless declamation of Luther, especially if he has read the Cyprians, the Ambroses, the Jeromes, and the other great writers of the Catholic Church, on the sublime honor of the Christian Virgin. Who, then, is there who will not rejoice to see, during ages wheu the most savage barbarism prevailed, those secluded dwellings where the spouses of the Lord secured themselves from the dangers of the world, incessantly employed in raisiug their hands to heaven, to draw down upon the earth the dewa of Divine mercy. In times and countries the most civilized, how sad is the contrast between the asylums of the purest and loftiest virtue, and the ocean of dissipation and profligacy? Were these abodes a remnant of ignorance, a monument of fanaticism, which the coryphaei of Protestantism did welJ to sweep from the earth ? If so, let us protest agains1; all that is noble and disinterested ; let us stifle in our hearts all enthusiasm ior virtue ; let every thing be reduced to the grossest sensuality ;' let the painter' throw away hie pencil, the poet his ? ''?.' ???.,-'?? ?' ?????,..??? ....).. lyre ; let us forget our greatness and our dignity ; let hs degrade ourselves, saying, 'Let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die.' ' I have the more readily quoted these words of the great Spanish philosopher, because, un happily, they have had of late, a sad application in his own Spain, through the wickedness of a few adventurers, despite the protests of that Ca tholic people. And again, even within the last few weeks, we have seen how ignorance or contempt of these noble sentiments has made men^ and women — yes, and leaders of public opinion — forget the re3pect and honour due to holy and devoted ladies, who have given up their lives to the service of the poor and the suffering. The application of these principles to my pur pose is clear ; aad from them I conclude, that the doctrine and practices, and even the sacred rites of the Catholic Church, teach the mind, what is morally good, and that, consequently, the study of these sacred things, that is the study of religion, enlarges and ennobles the mind, and elevates by giving it a lively appre ciation of the true principles of moral rectitude The third fruit of a liberal education in re fining the human mind seems to me to consist in storing the imagination with images of the truly beautiful. Now the study of religion produces this effect in a wonderful manner. And here I am met on all sides with most numerous illustra tions of my meaningand proofs of my assertion. First, then, I would remind you of the large extent to which the sacred Scriptures are used by the greatest orators aud poets. Examples are, without doubt, familiar to you all. 1 re member an occasion in which I had the pleasure of hearing, in the House of Commons, one of the greatest orators — perhaps the greatest orator - who now sita in the Imperial Parlia ment ; I mean Mr. Bright. His audience on that occasion was, indeed, an unwilling one — un- willing to hear the home truths, but most unpalatable ones, he told, and still entranced, everyone by the marvellous strength, and sweetness, and eloquence of his words Every sentence he uttered entered into the depths of his auditors' hearts; but it is quite impossible for me to express tha effect on. that vast as sembly, when to conclude his soul-stirring ad dress, he borrowed the language of inspiration : ?' The noble lord, towards the conclusion of his speech, spoke of the cloud which is at pre sent hanging over Ireland. Ib is a dark and heavy cloud, and its darkness expands over the feelings of men in all parts of the British Em pire. But there is a consolation which we may all take to ourselres. An inspired king and. bard and prophet has left us words which are not only the expression of a fact, bub we may take them as the utterance of a prophecy. He says, 'To the upright there arise th light in darkness.' Let us try in this matter to be up upright, Let us try to be just, aud that cloud will be dispelled ; the dangers which we see will vanish ; and we may have the happiness, perhaps, of leaving to our children the heritage of an honorable citizenship in a united and prosperous empire.' Aud again, who has not admired the eloquent sentences with which, referring to the sacred pages, the same orator concluded his receut speech on the Irish Church Bill, now before Par liament : — ' If [ were particular as to the sacred nature of the endowment, I should even then be satis tied with the propositions in this bill — for, after all, I hope it is not far from Christianity to charity ; and we know that tho Divine Founder of oui faith has left much more of the doings of the compassionate and loving heart than he has of dogma. I am not able to give the coluinu, or the ch ipter, or the verse, or the page ; what has always struck me most in reading the nar ratives of the Gospel is how much of kindness and how much compassion there was in them, and how much also there was of dealing kindly with all that were sickly, with all that were sufferiug. Do you think it will be less a mis appropriation of the surplus funds of this great establishment to apply them fco some kind of i obj«c*-. such as that described in the bill ? Do I you not think that from the charitable dealing with these matters even a sweeter incenae may arise than wheu these vast funds are applied to maintain three times the number of clergy than are of the slightest use to the church with which they are connected ? We can ;lo bub little, it is true. We caunot relume the extinguished lamp of reason. We cannot make the de.if to hear. We cannot make the dumb to speak. It is not given to us — From the thick film to purge the visual ray, Aud ou the sightless eyeballs pour the day. But at least we cm lessen the load of affliction, and we can make life more tolerable to the vast numbers who aufter. When I look at this great measure, aud I can assure* the house that 1 have looked at it much more than the majority of honourable and right honourabe members, because I have seen it grow from time to time, and from clause to clause, and have watched its grosvth and its completion with great and in creasing interest. I look at this measure as one tending to a more true and solid union between j Ireland aud Great Britain. I believe it will I give tranquility to our people. Wheu you have a better remedy, I at least will fairly consider it. I repeat I see this measure giviug tranquility to our people, greater strength to the realm, and adding a new lustre and a new dignity to the Crown. I dare claim, then, for this bill the 8'ipport of all thoughtful aud good people within the bounds ot the British Empire, and I cannot doubt that in its early and great results it will have the blessing of the Supreme, for I believe it to be founded on those prinjiples of justice and mercy which are the glorious attri butes of HiB eternal reign.' Now 1 have quoted these eloquent passages in order to give a sample of the ennobling effect of the study of the sacred Scriptures in educating the human mind. . The JCatholic Church has been accused of forbidding her children, es pecially the laity, io study the sacred volume. This accusation yoii know, gentlemen, is un* founded ; for hear the words written by the glorious Pontiff, Pius VI., on receiving from the Archbishop of Florence his Italian translation of the Holy Bible : ' Your sentiment is a sound one, when you desire to urge on the faithful to a diligent study of the sacred Scriptures ; for they are a most copious fountain, open to all, that each may draw from them holiness of life and doctrine, rejecting those errors which are so prevalent in this corrupt age. And this, as you say, has been fittingly done by your publishing the sacred pages which you have translated into the vernasular tongue, so that all may under stand them ; especially since you declare, and the work itself shovr3, that you have added notes and remarks which you have taken from the writings of the Holy Fathers, and which will guard readers from the danger of error.' Catholics then are not forbidden to study the sacred Scriptures, although they are forbidden to receive them from other nands than from those of their infallible guardian, the Church. Nay more ; most assuredly, a grievous intellec tual injury is inflicted on those young educated Catholics, who are not allowed and even en couraged to become conversant with the holy volume, under the guidance of her who; is its divinely appointed guardian, aud in the manner she prescribes. From the oratory of the senate I pass to the drama, and from the sacred pages to the living teaching of the Catholic Church. Every Catho lic who studies tbe immortal Shakespeare, must bejstruck by his frequent allusion to the doctrines and practices of our holy religion, by the touch ing appeals, which through them he makes to tbe feelings. Among a thousand similar pas sages I have been always struck by that scene in Hamlet, where the Ghost, enumerating the injuries received at the hands of a guilty bro ther, sets down as the climax of them all, what every Catholic, regards as well-nigh the greatest of all misfortunes, viz., to be deprived of the, last Sacraments, by which the Church prepares the dyiug Christian to appear before his Judge : — 'Thus was I, sleeping, by a brother's haud, Of life, of crown, of queen, at once despatched; Cut off ev'n in the blossoms of my sin, Unhousel'd, disappointed, unauel'd ; No reckoning made, but sent to my account. With all my imperfections on my head.' Hamlet. — Act 1, Sc. 5. To take another instance : one of our contem porary British writers, who (to say the least) is far from having tho Catholic instincts or mode of expression familiar to Shakespeare, Lytton Bulwer, in his play of Richelieu, pays homage again to the nobleness of the sentiments vvhich the teachings and practices of the Catholic church inspire. Even a London audience has, ' I am told, been forced more than once, despite its anti- Catholic prejudices, to applaud the sublime beauty of the passage. Cardinal Richelieu is introduced eudeavouring to save his orphan ward Julie from King Louis XELI. Every means has proved un availing. A courtier is sent to the cardinal : — 'Pardon, your Eminence— even now 1 seek This lady's home — commanded by the King To pray her presence. Richelieu. To those who seat you ! And say you found the virtue they would slay Here — couched upon this heart, as at an altar, And sheltered by the w ings of sacred Rome ! Begone ! Courtier. My Lord, I am your friend and servant Misjudge me not ; but never yet was Louis' So roused against you : shall I take this answer ? It were to be your foe. Richelieu. All time my foe, y If I, a Priest, could cast this holy sorrow Forth from her last asylum. The messenger returns : — My Lord, the King cannot believe your Etniencs So far forgets your duty, an-d greatness, As to resist his mandate ! Pray you, Madam, Obey the King — no cause for fear ! Julie. ! My father ! Richelieu. She shall not stir ! Courtier. You are not of her kindred — An orphan ? Richelieu. And her country is her mother ! Courtier. The country is tho King. Richelieu. Ay, is it so ? Then wakes the power which in the age of iron Barst forth to curb the great, and raise the low; Mark where she sbands ! — arouud her form 1 draw The awful circle of our solemu Church ! Seb but a foot within that holy ground, And on thy head — yea, though it woieacrown— I launch the curse of Rome !' From this scarcely Catholic expression of beautiful Catholic sentiment, which loves to consider the Holy See as the protector of the weak, let us turn to one whose lovely language has never been accustomed to express in matters of religion aught but Catholic truth, and whose mind was thoroughly imbued with the teachings and sentiments ? of the Church ; Francesco Petrarca. Among the beautiful Sonetti and, Can- zoni of that exquisite poet I know of none more lovely, indeed I doubt if in any language there can be found one more exquisite, than the 49th Canzone, It is addressed to our Blessed Lady, and each line is inspired by some or other of the heautiful truths which the Catholic Church teaches us regarding Her, who is fair as the uioon, chosen as the sun, lovely as the morning dawn. *' Vergine beLla, che di sol vestita, Coronata di stelle, al sommo sole Piacesti el, che'n Te sua luce.ascose, .-; Amor mi spinge a dir di Te parole ; . Ma non so 'ncominciar senza'tu 'aitaj ' ?R di Colui ch' amando1 in Te si pose. , -. invoco lei che ben aempre nepose ''i cjji la chiam6 con fede. Vergine, s'a mercede Miseria estrema dell 'umane cose GiammaiTi volse, al mio prego T'inchina : \- Soccorri alia mia gaerra m i . Bench' i'sia terra, e Ta del oiel Eegma. - *A literary friend has favoured me with the , following beautiful translation, which has the merit of being in the metre of the original, and j of being almost literal :— VWn of beauty, who in sun arrayed, * Arid crowned with stars, didst so the highest .^?Please, that his own light he did in thee ? hide, ??-.'.??: ►-To utter words of thee love spurs me on, But how begin know not without thine aid And his, who loving lay, within thy side. Her I invoke who always well replied To f aith'iticited prayer, Virgin, if pity e'r OE woe extreme with human things allied Hath moved thee, favouring to thy suppliant ??'^ lean, Bring succour to my' strife, Though I am earth, and though of heaven art , queen. i Virgin of wisdom, of the fair band one ? ? Of the bleat virgins who were named the wise, Yea, first of them, with brightest lamp dis ? ; played; ; 0 shield secure of whoso suffering lies ''Gainst every blow by death and fortune done, Which gives, not refuge, triumph 'neath its shade : O calming of that flame which etui hath preyed On foolish mortals here : Virgin, those eyes so clear Which once, in sadness plunged, the wounds surveyed t Stamped on thy Son's sweet limbs most cruelly, ?'????' Turn on my state perplexed, That, wildered, doth for counsel come to thee. Virgin of purity, perfection bright, Daughter and Mother of thy offspring mild, ? Who dost this life illume, that life adorn ; .i '? Through thee th' Almighty Father's Son, thy child, Thee, window of high heaven's most shining light, Came us to save when dawned earth's latest morn ; Above all other earthly dwellings borne, Thou chosen wert alone, -??????- Virgin, most blessed one, That should Eve's sorrow to rejoicing turn, Make, for thou canst, me fit His grace to prove, Thou blissful without end. Now crown'd with glory in the realms above. Virgin of holiness, full of all grace, Who by most true and deep humility Didsfc mount to heaven from whence thou hear'st my prayer ; Thou didst produce the fount of pity high, The Sun ef justice, who dispels all trace Of error thick, of mortal's life the share . Three names most sweet and dear 'tis thine to bear, 0 mother, daughter, bride, Virgin all glorified, Queen of the King who us from every snare Hath loosed, and freedom given and happiness, In whose moat holy wounds Steep thou my heart, true source of blessedness. Virgin all peerless, who alone dost shine, Whose beauties even in heaven all love secure, Whose first, or like, or second, none hath viewed, Whose thoughts and acts, all holy, pious, pure ; Of the true God the sacred living shrine Rendered thee in thy fruitful virginhood. Through tbee life might for me have every good, If, Mary, thou entreat, Virgin, in pity sweet, And grace abound where fault abounding stood. My soul's knees I befsre thee humbly bend, And pray that thou me guide, And lead my tortuous way to happy end. Virgin renowned, constant for ever known, Star shining bright o'er this tempestuous sea, Of every faithful pilot trusty guide, In what a fearful storm attend and see, With rudder lost, I find myselt alone, And the last cries already close beside, But yet in thee my soul doth still confide ; Sinful hath been its way, Virgin, but thee I pray, Let not thy enemy my woe deride ; Remember how our sin made God to come, And for our rescue's sake, Take numau flesh within thy virgin womb. Virgin, what tears have I so often shed, What flatteries and what prayers in vain sent forth, All for my heavy pain and loss alone ! Since upon Arno's bank I had my birth, Seeking now. here, now there, my steps I've sped, But nought has been my life but troubled moan, With mortal beauty, acts, and speech, hath gone, My soul embarrassed quite. Virgin serene and bright, Delay not ; my last year may soon draw on, Swifter my days than arrow from the bow, ... Mid miseries and sins, ' Have passed, and only death awaits me now. : Virgin, one now in earth, and leaves in woe My heart, who living kept it tear-bede\red ; Of all my thousand pains she none did see, *? ??.-.. And had she seen, that which did happen .I.-?. would I ',-? j ' , Have happened ; other will for her to ehovr ' To me were death, to her were infamy, j :. But thou, oh, Queen of Heaven, Goddess ? (might we ? Unblamed such name apply)* i Virgin of wisdom high, ! Thou seeat the whole, and that which could not be . , By her e'er done is nought to thy great power. ! Put to my pain an end, ?Twill honor thee, be my redemption's hoar. Virgin, on whom my every hope I ground, Who canst, and wilt, aid me in my great strife, r Forsake me not when rises my last moan; Not me, see him who deigned to give me life . Let not my worth, but his high image found In me, move care of man so wo-begone, Medusa and my fault made me a stone Whence vain drops would distil ; Virgin; do tfaou now fill My , weary heart with pious tears alone ; Be my last plaint at least devoutly sped, Free from all earthly soil, As was my first hot of mere folly bred. -'?'? l Virgin all lowly, enemy of pride. Let love of him who made us both- thee move : Pity a heart with deep contrition fraught '? If for a poor frail mortal body love With faith so wonderous used in me abide, What shall to thee, sweet thing, by me be brought? If I from my vile wretched state be caught, vBy thy hand raised again, Virgin, 1 cleanse from stain, And to thy name de/ote arb, style, and thought, And tongue and heart, every sigh and tear. Lead me the better way, And to my changed desires give favoring ear. The day draws near, must nearer soon ap proach, So doth the time speed on, Virgin, thou only one ; And conscience now, now death my heart reproach, Me to thy Son not uncommended leave, To him true man, true God, That he my last sigh may in peace receive. Although I have trespassed so much on your patience, still I cannot refrain from another brief example of most beautiful poetic inspiration caught from the teaching of the Catholic religion. We find it in the exquisite lines pronounced, it is said, by Metastasio, when about to receive the Most Holy Viaticum in a dangerous illness ; ' lo T'offro il proprio Figlio, Che del suo atner in pegno Raccbiuso in picciol segno Si vuol a me donar. A Lui rivolgi il ciglio ; Miralo in faccia, e poi Lascia, Signor, se puoi, Lascia di perdonar.' For the translation of these lines I am also indebted to my friend .- ' Thine own dear Son I offer thee, Enclosed in symbol small, Who once a victim deigned to be, Pledge of hig love for all ; Look upon him, one glance accord To what I offer thee ; Refuse, then, if thou canst, 0 Lord, Refuse io pardon me.' I conclude ; and in doing go I borrow the eloquent words of one whose unworthy succes sor I am. 'The Religion which, numbers Baptism and Penance among its Sacraments, cannot be neglectful of the soul's training ; the creed which opens and resolves into so majestic and so living a theology, cannot but subserve the cultivation of the intellect ; the Revelation which, tells of truths otherwise utterly hid from us, cannot be justly called the enemy of know ledge ; the Worship wbicH is so awful and so thrilling, cannot but feed the aspirations of genius, and move the affections from their depths.' — {Newman, Disc, on University Educa tion, p. 29.) The reasons as well as the examples I have given, serve to show the important part occupied in education by religion as an instrument of meatal culture, and abstracting from its holier and most important office of preserving know ledge from corruption. Any educational system must, therefore, as far as Catholics are con- ; cerned, be incomplete, and consequently most faulty, which omits an element so effectual in i sharpening the reasoning powers, in teaching ! the mind what is morally good, and in storing the imagination with images of the truly beauti ful. 