TUMUT. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) JULY 7TH.—The statement made in the 'Empiro' newspaper, to which you alluded in your last issue, "that Tumut is among the towns to be deprived of a resident Police Magistrate" has not as yet, as far as I am aware, received the slightest confirmation, and I am inclined to think that such is not the fact. Perhaps the insertion of the word Tumut in the list in question was a mere blunder. We Tumutites are naturally a some- what lethargic people, but your readers may rest assured should the Government really intend that we should endure (what to this district would be a serious calamity) the loss of a Stipendiary Magistrate we shall immediately, in conjunction with the in- habitants at Adelong, Main Adelong, Reedy Flat and Tumbarumba make our voices heard in the matter, and protest against such an infringement of our rights. The proposition which has been mooted that one Police Magistrate should manage all important court business in the two districts of Gundagai and Tumut, the latter extending as far as Tumbarumba, and embracing several important gold-fields, is sheer nonsense. No individual could be found in the colony equal to the task. I understand some of our present J.P.'s. have signified their intention to resign office should such a course as that spoken of in the 'Empiro' be adopted. Professor Reuben and young Austin did not arrive in Tumut according to intimation, owing to fresh engagements made in Wagga Wagga; but our towns folks have not been altogether devoid of amusement during the past week. On Monday night Signor Casala gave an entertainment in the Old Rose Inn Assembly Room, to a large and delighted audience, in which the juvenile element certainly preponderated. The enter- tainment was of a mixed character, the first part con- sisting of surprising feats of legerdemain. The tricks introduced were very good and were executed in an adroit easy style that proclaimed the performer a con- juror of the first order. After a short intermission, the world-renowned Punch and Judy show was exhibited, to the immense delight of the young folks present, the humorous eccentricities of the little hunchback gentleman being warmly applauded. The performance wound up by Signor Casala putting his galvanic battery in motion, and administering smart shocks to all who desired their nerves shaken. The whole entertainment is one well-calculated to disperse ennui and raise a hearty laugh. On Sunday evening lost a youthful member of our town indulged in the dangerous frolic of playing the ghost, fortunately without entailing any serious con- sequences. The night was somewhat advanced when, in a lonely part of the town, two young ladies emerged into the dark street; the gentleman who accompanied them remained behind for a minute or two to fasten a gate, but suddenly exclamations of terror from the ladies, who trembling with fear, hastened towards their protector, caused him to turn round and lo! direct in their path and advancing to meet them appeared a tall spectral form robed in white. It soon ceased to progress and apprehending mischief from the threaten- ing position of a stick wielded by the gentleman in attendance on the ladies the ghost dropped his disguise, and satisfied the agitated fair ones that he was a veritable mortal, and in fact their brother. I mention no names, for none would have more deeply regretted the affair had any evil result ensued therefrom than he who in a moment of thoughtlessness perpetrated the joke; but as numberless instances might be brought forward when similar conduct has produced fatal con- sequences a little admonitory caution may not be out of place. I gather from our business men that first class flour is in demand in Wagga Wagga, and that down the country stock agents are making great enquiries for store cattle. The soundness of monetary matters amongst us may be infered from the fact that only three cases of debt are to be heard in the ensuing District Court in Tumut. Some of our Tumut residents have again suffered losses from leaving drying linen and clothes out of doors after dark. One night last week some petty midnight prowlers visited the yard at the back of Mr F. Eberlin's dwelling house, and carried off from the clothes lines all the articles pertaining to a fortnight's wash; from a neighbouring allotment (Mr. J. Allatt's) they appro- priated several pairs of trousers and various articles of linen, and the same night some clothes disappeared from the premises at the rear of the Bee-hive Hotel. As yet I have heard no traces of the lost property. If these depredations were committed for the purpose of turning the ill-gotten booty into money, the chance of speedy detection would be far greater than where, as is probably the case in the present instance, the clothes stolen are applied by the thieves to their own personal use. The business at the meeting of the Tumut Literary Society, on Monday last, consisted of a paper on the character of Napoleon Buonaparte, read by Mr. E. Beaumont, some vocal music by Mr. Jas. Madigan, and impromptu speeches by the members present. No mail from Sydney nor Gundagai arrived here to- day. The excuse brought by our mailman is rather a lame one. He says he was informed at the Crossing Place that the postmaster did not ask for the mail bag, and the mailman drove on without leaving it to his next stopping place, Tarcutta. As we are a patient people, we must I suppose only stretch our virtue and (hoping that the wandering bag will sometime safely reach us) wait till we get it. 