The Advertiser TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21,1869. IF THE Treasurer expected to obtain any sympathy or support for his new tariff from the outside public he must be woefully disappointed. Though since he made his budget speech nothing else has been thought of or talked about, no one appears to have a single word to say in favor of the new scheme of taxation. It is condemned in principle and in detail. It is characterised as being " inequitable and unjust," disastrous in its general effects upon the colony, and especially upon the trade of the South-Eastern District ; as " obstructive to business, unequal in its operation, and most op- pressive to that portion of the com- munity least able to "bear it ;" and the Government are informed that any increased taxation in the present depressed condition of the colony is highly inexpedient. For the tariff as | it is proposed, not a single good word has been spoken outside of Ministerial circles. It is condemned by the working classes, by the merchants and bankers, by the squatters and farmers, while not one argument has been put forward in its favor. The meeting at the Hotel Europe was loud in its condemnation. Though there was a good-humored interchange of pleasant personalities between some of the speakers and the audience, there was no mistaking the feeling of the meeting as a whole—it was dead against the tariff. The special meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was more largely attended than the meetings of that important body usually are, and the speaking was of a much higher order than is usually displayed. Every resolution was condemnatory of the principles and details of the financial scheme, every speech cut it up root and branch, and every motion was carried unanimously. Representative men like Messrs.Tarlton,R.B.Smith, J. Howard Clark, Tomkinson, Barrow, Townsend, and Storrie, all agreed in two things— first, that this is not the time to increase the taxation of the colony; and, secondly, if it were, the scheme of the Treasurer was unjust, unequal, and inexpedient. Mr. Tomkinson ran over the proposed expenditure for next year, as indicated in the Estimates, and tried to show that, without serious detriment to the public interests, a saving of some £82,000 might be effected. In the cost of the Legisla- ture he would cut down the £500 for the library, retrench the expenditure on the Caterer's establishment, and in these and other ways save £3,000 on the Legisla- tive expenses. In the Post-Office De- partment, he would save the cost of the branch service to King George's Sound ; in the grant for education, he would knock off £20,000; from charitable insti- tutions, £5,000; drop the volunteers for a year or two; save £2,000 in the Supreme Court expenses ; £3,000 in the Registrar of Deeds Department; £2,500 on the votes for aborigines; £7,500 for the Survey Department; and several items proposed under the head of " Miscel- laneous. " In all, he could save £82,000. Mr. Tomkinson admitted that some of his propositions were rather startling, but they were not more so than the pro- posal of the Government to increase the taxation to such a serious extent and in such a questionable manner. Of course we do not endorse all that Mr. Tomkin- son said on this subject; but undoubtedly the principle he contends for is the right one—to reduce expenditure rather than to increase taxation. Had the country been in a moderately prosperous condi- tion at the present time, or likely to be so during the next year or two, we might have borne some addition to our ordinary taxation; but now, while all interests are depressed, retrenchment of expendi- ture rather than imposing fresh burdens, ought to be aimed at. The meeting at the Town Hall was quite as clear and outspoken on the sub- ject of the tariff as those which preceded it. It was largely attended by the work ing-classes, and the resolutions condemn- ing the new scheme of taxation, were quite as vigorously and unanimously adopted. Not a single person was found, with sufficient temerity to come forward and defend the scheme. "Judgment went by default;" the speaking was all on one side. It is note-worthy that in all the meetings which have been held the Government, as a whole, have been spoken of very kindly, though their financial policy is condemned. It is evi- dent that if they will abandon this pro- posed increased taxation, and honestly seek to reduce expenditure, they will be firmly supported; but they have not the ghost of a chance of carrying their finan- cial scheme. And now, in the face of all this, what will the Government do? Will they insist upon their scheme, or will they, in deference to public opinion, so unequi- vocally expressed, withdraw it, and cut the coat of their expenditure according to the cloth of their income ? This question they will be bound to answer to-day. Mr. Reynolds's resolution directly challenges their financial policy, and they will have to defend it, modify it, or withdraw it. It is especially unfortunate that the financial policy of the Ministry will be mixed up with what amounts to a ques- tion of confidence or no confidence in them; because hon. members will un- doubtedly be influenced in their votes by the mode in which the financial policy of the Government is to be raised. There is an impression abroad that Mr. Reynolds is, to some extent at least, responsible for the accumu- lated debt which now, in the opinion of the Treasurer, renders taxation neces- sary, and that therefore he is not exactly the gentleman to call upon the House to condemn the new scheme. The impres- sion is that if his resolution of condemn- tion were carried it would prepare the way for his return to the Treasury Benches, where it is said a majority of ths House have no wish to see him at present. It is possible, therefore, that to prevent such an eventuality the House would rather vote with the Government than with Mr. Reynolds. And here lies the danger. If Mr. Reynolds loses his motion, the Government may interpret the vote of the House as being in favor of their financial policy, which would be a great mistake. Members might not be prepared to say with Mr. Reynolds that they are dissatisfied with the financial policy, because of the ulterior conse- quences of their votes, and yet they may be very far from saying with the Go- vernment that they are satisfied with their policy. We have heard it sug- gested that the " previous question" would be a good method of getting out of the difficulty. This would enable the House to put Mr. Reynolds's motion aside, and also to reject the financial scheme of the Treasurer by a direct vote against it. The House do not want to vote for Mr. Reynolds's motion, so as to put the formation of a new Ministry into his hands, and they do not want to vote for the new tariff which the country cannot bear. Mr. Strangways is an astute politician, and he ought to see how public opinion is tending. He would make a great mistake if, supposing he has a majority on Mr. Reynolds's motion, he were to regard that as an expression of acquiescence in his financial scheme ; for even if he had a majority in the House, he would be as weak as a broken reed unless that ma- jority were backed up by public opinion outside. However the no-confidence motion may go—for or against the Govern- ment—their proposal to increase taxation is and will be condemned by the country. 