THE WEEK. JThe M&opherson; Ministry appear at last to have recognised the necessity of having a policy *$ some sort with respect to the Land Bill. The prolonged postponement ef the second reading in the Legislative Council ia under stood to be for no other purpose than to enable the Ministry to decide what that policy will be. The task of arriving at a deoision is no doubt a difficult one. The Opposition have accordingly acted with forbearance in allowing the Ministry time enough, or rope enough, as the : case; may be, before pressing them into a corner. Sn speaking of the policy of the Ministry, We mean that which they wish to lead the public to believe they have. There is no doubt whatever as to what their real polioy ia, an-3 their.'chief difficulty ia thatjof masking it so that it may not appear te clash with their avowed policy, as well as te regulate their pro ceedings so that their insincerity may not be discovered. Their, real polioy is to get the bill rejected for them rather than by any act of their own. At first it was determined that this should be done by allowing Mr Jenner to act on his individual responsibility, but they now know that they will not be allowed to evade . responsibility for; Mr Jenner's conduct. Mr Maopheraon is now aware that he will be held answerable for whatever Mr Jen ner, ' his colleague,' as he coils him, may Bay or do. For 1 his enlightenment he ought to thank ub. We have labored to make his true position apparent to him, and we think we have succeeded at last. If he is not a duller scholar than we take him to be, he will get Mr Jenner to sink his individuality and to speak for the Government on Tuesday next. A policy must be avowed, but whether it is to be a real or simulated polioy remains to be seen. Mr Mac pherson must not forget, however, that it is to the practical result rather than to the profes sion of goodwill that the public will look for the teat by which to form an estimate of the sincerity of himself and colleagues. The occupants of the Treasury benches are engaged in the pleasant occupation of reaping without having sown. They take- great credit for passing the North-eastern Railway Con struction Bill, just as it was left by their pre decessors. This is a remarkably cool proceed ing. Its progress was stopped while Mr Mao pherson waB in opposition, out of regard to the interests of his constituents ; and now that he is in power he finds that lie cannot do so much for them as the late Ministry was willing to do. A few weeks ago ha wanted to drive a coach and six through the Lean Act, so bb to divert a large slice of the proceeds from its destined purpose, with a view to its expenditure two hundred miles away, and he now affects to bo so impressed with the necessity of adhering to the letter of the act that he refuses even to look at a proposal to improve the Con struction Bill by making provision for a Blight deviation in order to give stations to two populous suburban towns. What the constituencies of Ripon, Hampden, Dundoo and Follet will think of this revolution in tho views of their representatives they will no doubt let them know. Mr Longmore eaya the railway will be constructed for £7000 per mile, but people will not be likely to take his word for it. If the North- eastern railway does not require more money than tho loan will supply, the colony may be congratulated on Us good fortune. There is not likely to bo a shilling to spare. The two hundred thousand pounds ' reservation clause, introduced by Mr M'Callooh into the Land Bill, would have given the people of the west an immediate and solid advantage in railway extension. But Mr Macpheraon induced the people of Hamilton and its neighborhood to drop this savory morsel, in. order to snatoh at the shadow of the savings from the loan, the very existence of which muBt remain a myth for many years. The less that is said by the Gavemment about their railway policy, the better will it bo for themselves. Payment of members, despite the oppo sition of one half of the Ministry, is in a fair way for accomplishment. The amount pro posed to ba given, £300 ayear, to each member not holding a salaried office, or about £28,000 in all, ia too much for the country to pay, and about one-half or two-thirds would be quite as much as the members should require. There ia one thing whioh has been overlooked in passing the bill. Salaried officers and re sponsible Ministers are [excluded from par- . ticipation in its benefits ; but nothing is said about pensioners. Is the hon. Charles Gavan Duffy to have his pension virtually raised to £1300 a-year? This would be as much an error in principle as if he were to be elevated to the Speakership without any stipulation about the relinquisbment of his pension. It would be graceful on the part of the patriot pensioner to direct the attention of the House to the oversight. Imperialism on the Dover Bide of the Channel is somewhat different from what it is on the Calais shore, and jet they have their resem blances. They are both sand blind, and can only see clearly in certain lights. Napoleon the Great had an aspiration after ships, colo nies and commerce. He considered that each member of the triad was necessary to the suc cess of the other two. Granville the Little looks upon colonies as superfluous. Napoleon put it out ef his own power to oarry out any coloni sation soheme, and Granville is ambitious of razeeing Great Britain to the standard of France after she had lost Canada and the Mauritius. An intensely commercial paper, the London Economist, asks the question — ' What price should the colonies pay for the Imperial connection ?' This question can be beat answered by asking another — ' What price should on Empire pay for a colonial connection ?' The free trade mode of finding an answer to the second of these questliona would be to invite the crowned heads of Europe to bid for the honor of being allowed to form a con nection with the great gold colony of Yiotoria. If the negooiation were entrusted to Mr George Robins or his successor, he would make out such a description of the valuable property as would open the eyes of the Economist to the folly of rejeoting what is now enjoyed by England for nothing. The order of St. Michael and St. George might then go a-begging, for a ship load of titles and orderB would be the fii'st instalment of the price. The refusal of a countship might be had by any one who might aspire to it. Earl Granville has, however, done one goed thing. He has given a thorough snubbing to the ab sentees who constitute the Colonial Society, which has thus early departed from its avowed rule of abstaining from interference in politios. He has told them, although Bot in so many words, that they are a parcel of nobodies — neither Englishmen nor colonists, and that they are interfering in a very foolish way in a matter with whioh the responsible local governments alone can deal. If Mr Cardwell had spoken to them as roundly two or three years ago, a great deal of mischief might have been prevented. The news by the mail gives encouragement to the hope that the wool trade will be perma nently placed on a more satisfactory basis than it has had for many years. Abuses have been growing with the growth of the trade, the pro ducer at every step being plaoed in a worse position as compared with the buyer and the broker. The low prices which ruled during the preceding two years led to inquiries whioh elicited information to show that a great benefit would be secured to pro ducers, shippers and consignees, if the sales were held at short intervals, if the wools were stored in a central locality where they might be inspeoted and compared with facility, and if certain inequitable charges and perquisites were abolished altogether. It is not to be wondered at that certain brokers should have shown a disposition to make a stand in favor of what they look upon as their vested rights, or that they should have been able to find advocates and apologists in the Press. But the case ia too clear, and all their efforts to conceal the accumulation of abuses will be in vain. The straw has been moved, and there will be a thorough clearing out. Meanwhile Mr Bright has announced it as his opinion that the de mand for cotton is likely to be far in excess of the supply. Whatever improves the market for one staple will improve it for the other. The artificially created depression in the wool trade has not yet materially affected other industries in Victoria, but if it had continued the whole community would ere long have suffered. What will the Upper House do with the State-Aid Abolition Bill ? We shall say ' well done!' if they pass both this and the Pay ment of Members Bill, but we cannot help thinking that it will bo unfortunate if they are sent up together. It will bo difficult for the anti-Liberals to avoid connecting what they will look upon as an interference with ' vested rights' on one hand with the endowment of a new class of recipients of State-aid, oa the other. It is, we are afraid, probable that their lordships will mince matters by passing one and rejeoting the other. It has been oraou larly announced by Mr Maopherson that Mr Jenner — the Deus'ex machina of the Ministry — is to patronise the 'Payment of Members Bill, which is not a Ministerial one, although the oraole is dumb about the Land Bill, and the State-aid Bill, which ought to be Govern ment measures. It must be.pleaaant work for a Ministry without a mind of its own to drift in this manner with the stream — pleasant; but delusive. , ; The dove of Ararat is still out in the cold. He has not returned to the ark. The rejeoted of Croplands is invisible, but is supposed to have the run of the Treasury unchecked. The exile from Collingwood has almost passed out of recollection — kis very offioe being now a matter of conjecture. What does it all mean ? There never was such a seatleas lot. An irre sponsible Minister of this sort is a lusus natural, a political mutamy, an anachronism in the constitutional calendar. We know that the Ministers in the Houbb are nearly equally divided in opinion on almost every question, but who can tell what passes through the heads of those whose names no longer grace the pages of Hansard? Is there a spirit world in politioB ? And are Mesara M'Lellan, Byrne and Reeves poor ghosts wandering in limbo ? Gau Mr Nayler or the enthusiastic gentleman whs backs his opinions on spiritualism by a cool 500 to a duck's egg throw any light on the subject? Is Mr Macpherson the 'medinm' of the mysterious political trinity.? The ques tions are bewildering, but time will furnish answers to them. The governor and court of directors of the Colonial Bank of Australasia have paaaod almost scathlesa through the ordeal of the meeting of shareholders on Monday last. Mr O'Shanassy was for the first time in his life deprecating, staid, unassuming, and almost courteous. Tke shareholders who intended to lead the attack were amazed, if not awe-struck, by the portentous ohange. We must oongratu late the bank as a whole, as well as the di rectors and shareholders individually, on the improvement, for in his new; character Mr O'Shanasey was really au efftjotive oh&irraan;, and there even appeared at intervals some manifestations ef his having re tained some of that common sense of whioh at one time he was supposed to be not altogether devoid. The explanation of Mr Hugh Glass's transactions with the bank had, notwithstanding the fact that when he stopped payment he was in debt to it to the tune ol! nearly a quarter of a mil lion, a business-like appearance. Bat Mr O'Shanassy aoknowleSged that he was no book keeper, and the manager was not in a position to explain anything to the meeting. This is not quite satisfactory, for if it should be found that any mistake has been made, it will be dif fioult hereafter to fix the responsibility on any one. It will be unpleasant if at the next meeting some scene such as was witnessed at the last should take plaoe. A shareholder stated that a promise had been given at the previous meeting that a ' gilded device ' in the shape of au item of £15,000 balance of profit and loss should not again appear in the balance Bheet. Mr G'Shanassy disclaimed re sponsibility, and the manager : merely donied the promise. Taken by itself there is not, perhaps, muoh in the incident ; but there was something not quite satisfactory about it. There was no clear justification of the item. A verbal statement must ever be leas certain than a well-defined item in a balance-sheet, and we are at a loss to understand why the in tention to ask for a speoial audit was not pro ceeded with. The Bank of New South Wales, of whioh Mr Hugh Glass was aloo a customer, has just deolared a dividend of 15 per cent., but we presume from the very extensive busi ness of that bank, a Bingle stoppage of pay ment would have but little perceptible effect on the aggregate profits. It is to be hoped that the affairs of_tbis bank afford a more certain criterion of the finanoial soundness of the community than those of the one which de clares no dividend. It; is not easy to comprehend why there should ba so much acrimonious feeling about so small a question aa the propriety of opening a roadway from Carlton to Fitzroy through the Carlton Gardens. There is no one, so far as we are aware, who has any felonious intent to deprive the public of any pleasure or privilege which they now enjoy. There is already a not very graceful thoroughfare for foot passengers, and it appears to us to be rather a question of gates than anything elsa. At present even perambulators are shut out. If the thorough fare be not more completely thrown open an other more delioate question may be mooted— whether the present partial thoroughfare should not be closed at sunset. There will be an emphatic reapons? in the negative to this proposition. Tho alternative is to widen and straighten the thoroughfare ; and that being done, why should not carts and carriages be allowed to pass ? ? Dr. Barker is a very martyr to adverse cir cumstances. Scarcely has the Anthropological scandal subsided — if it may bo siid to have subsided — when a famalo patient chargos him with conduct not only unbecoming a member of the Medical Society but of any good eooiety at all. Such an accusation is almost an irreme diable misfortune, because denial seems the only possible defence, and there is a oertain ! stigma invincible even to tho most demonstra tive proof of innocence if it were forthcoming. Promptly enough the Hospital Committee in vestigated the charge, yet it seems that nothing could ba done beyond leaving it an open ques tion as to the relative credibility p.f Mrs Tiller and Dr Barker. Now, in justioe to both par ties, we venture to say that.thore is no reason for permitting .the matter, to rest in this miserable position; there is one hypothesis aooording to which the difficulty may be solved without impugning oither the morality of the doctor or the veracity of the patient. Mrs Tiller is comparatively a new arrival, but is it not possible that she has been sufficiently long here to have heard Dr. Barker's name mixed up with a disreputable establishment, and that being a nervous, ignorant woman, she had been labor ing under a oertain prejudice against him, which led her to misinterpret what may have been really a very proper professional transac tion ? Au attempt was made to show that Mrs Tiller was a light character, and that she might have oonoocted the story, bat Dt. Black de posed that while under his treatment, her con duct was '.ladylike ;' and if sho were an im postor why not have seleoted him instead of Dr. Barker? Upon the whole, we are in clined to believe that Mrs Tiller made her statement firmly convinced of its truth, and that Dr. Barker is at tho. s*me time innocent — that he simply saffers for the penalty of his previous indiscretion. It is to be hoped that he will lire it down, consoling himself in the meantime by the reflection that however painful the experience is to himself, it /will be extremely valdable to his profes^ sional brethren. It is safe to predict that no more female patients at the Hospital will be re ferred to the private residences of tke hono rary staff. There seems no ground for cavilling at the deoision in the case of tho Victoria Tower. Captain Kerr attributes the loss of his ship to an omission in the Admiralty chart?, whioh give no intimation of the strong current which drove him ashore, but he has voyaged hither sufficiently often to have found out this for himself, and it is evident that he took things altogether too easily in thick weather, aad the vicinity of a dangerous coast. No doubt he did everything for the best, and having safely put his ship in a similar position last year, he felt justified in again running in for a pilot rather than risk Bass's Straits with a heavy westerly gale impending; but this ia no excuse for his omission to make a tack to the S.E., whioh a practical seaman should have known was indispensable, and, above all, it is no excuse for hij omission to take soundings that he believed he had deep water for thirty miles. We are driven to the conclusion that while many successful voyages impart experience, they may also induce a certain amount of foolhardiness ; and it would never do to let human life (not to speak of pro perty) be jeopardised by anything like a leap in the dark. Regretting that- a commander who beara a charaoter so excellent should sustain bo severe a reprimand, we cannot but deem it in dispensable, as a caution to others. MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, 30th OCT. 