OLD JACK. A SONG A LA DIBDIN. (Sung in character by the Premier.) Go, patter to M.L.A. swabs, d' ye see, Of spectres, and ghosts, and the like; A fair chance to shew my intentions give me, And it's not to Jem Martin I'll strike. What care I for 'Enry, with humbugging crew Of Jew boys and spies at his back? The country will put in the good men and true, To strengthen the hands of Old Jack! Once Duncan they tried very hard to kick out, But Sammy and I made 'em sheer; Our Bill they have settled, without any doubt, Still they've played our own game, it is clear. Though their logic our arguments "queered" at first sight, Of beating 'em we've got the knack; For Duncan's restored—the electors cry, "Right! You've done the correct thing, Old Jack!" Though against us they marshal their strongest array, We'll broadside for broadside exchange; Yard-arm to yard-arm they find out doesn't pay, And greatly prefer a long range. Hand to hand we will meet 'em upon their own deck, Spite of Benedict, Myers, or Mac; No Fenian trappers, at ghost- seer's beck, Can ever extinguish Old Jack! Geff. Eagar once bragged of his courage and skill, And sneered at our want of the same; I made him return what was cribbed from the till, And settled his nice little game. Still farther I mean now to make him fork out, For with me there is no hanging back ; I'll make him cash-up for each pic-nic and shout, As sure as my name is Old Jack! When the time shall arrive—as it shortly must do— Our colors to nail to the mast, Will Forster and I, with our friends staunch and true, These lubbers will make cry, "Avast! " We'll give 'em a touch of our true British pluck, And send the whole mob howling back: The country has always, through thick and thin, stuck To "Honesty, fair play, and Jack!" Then a fig for these land sharks, at sea in a fix, Their crazy old tub we will sink; A nice dose of stuff for our crew they did mix, Which the snobs must themselves shortly drink. With "Good of the Country" inscribed on our flag— (A motto these muffs greatly lack)— We'll manage the lubbers to limbo to drag, And make 'em remember Old Jack! 