1 FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. (Concluded, from yesterday.) The weather on Tuesday was cold and bleak, and the leaden clouds threatened rain, whichfortunately, however, held oft At 1 o'clock a company of ladies and gentlemen, numbering about 120, partook of a sumptuous luncheon at -Bishop s Court. Amongst those present were Sir James and Lady Edith Fergusson, and over 20 clergymen of the Church. There were no speeches or other proceedings of interest to the public. At 2 o clock the Albert bells gave general notice to the citizens of the interesting event abbut to take place. They were silent during the time occupied m performing the ceremony, but again rang out a merry peal when all was over. As the* hour of 3o clock approached, spectators from all directions began to assemble in the Cathedial enclosure, and in course of a very short time the attendance had swelled to upwards of a thousand. Upon the ground itself there was little to indicate the magnitude and importance of the work about to be commenced. Over a square hole nearly filled with concrete, forming part of the foundation, was suspended a solid block of freestone from the Glen Ewin Quarry, weighing about 13 cwt. Near by was a sort of gallery, roofed m with canvas, and provided with tiers of seats rising m regular gradation from the ground Projecting from this a special stage for the accommodation of the Governor and Lady Edith had been constructed. Around the stone a considerable space was marked off and enclosed with ropes to form a barrier against the encroachments of the general public. From the shed as well as from scaflold-poles, placed at intervals round the enclosure, were displayed flags of different descriptions, many of them bearing marks of long service at sea. The whole of these arrangements were earned out by Messrs. Woods, Brown, and Mais. On the stone was a suitable inscription, and the implements of masonry lay in readiness for His Lordship's use. The level and mallet were the same as had been employed by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh in laying the foundation-stone of the Victoria Tower on his first visit, and the Sailors' Home on his second visit The trowel was a beautiful article, with a blade of silver having inscribed on it the following words, set off with tasteful flourishes:-"This trowel was used in laying the first stone of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, bvthe Bight Rev. Augustus Short, D.D., first Lord Bishop of Adelaide, South Australia, and presented to him by the Committee on the occasion. St. Peter's Day—29th June. A.D., 1869 " Under the stone was placed a bottle containing the customary coins and newspaners, a piece of stained glass, manufactured ia the colony by Mr Brooks, and MS3., explaining the circumstances under which the ceremony had been performed. The following explanatory statement was circulated on the ground :— " When the Duke of Edinburgh visited Adelaide in 1867, the Bishop was asked by the Equerry, Have you a cathedral t' To which he was compelled, reluctantly, to answer 'No.' The question was a natural one, for every diocese lias its cathedral church, and 20 years had elapsed since the See of Adelaide had been founded. In the still more extended state of the Church at the present time, it cannot be unreasonable to take steps for the erection of a cathedral, where of right, and as often as he deems it expedient, the Bishop may officiate. As the chief church of the diocese the Cathedral is free from parochial obligations; and here worshippers from all parts of the diocese, as well as the pooler inhabitants of the city, should be free to join in the service, celebrated in all its solemn beauty, without impediment from the claims of seat-renters. Indeed, the growing exclusion from our parish churches of the labouring classes of this city under the pew-rent system requires to be counteracted by the free sittings of the Cathedral nave. Here, too, from the siza and form of the building, sacred music, that timehallowed accompaniment of Divine worship, attains its softest and most devotional tone. It is not out of place to remark that our reformed liturgy, is siugularly adapted for its introduction. In addition to the congregational chanting of the psalms and canticles m the Te Deura, the Gloria in Excelsis, the Sanctus, and Choral Anthem, the noblest themes for sacred harmony are afforded. - „ "Besides its influence on liturgical worship, the Cathedral with its capitular clergy should be the training institution for theological students and the younger clergy in the practice of preaching and study of theology. Here, too. the daily Service of Prayer should be carried on, even if the parochial cleigy are hampered in this duty by other calls. The Cathedral, at least, should open its doors so that the weary and sick at heart might, day by day, find spiritual repose from the strife of tongues, and be refreshed amid the cares of business. The more solemn gatherings also of the clergy would find in the Cathedral their proper place. rdinations, visitations, conferences for mutual edification, special services on days of humiliation or_ thanksgiving, lectures in Advent aid Lent, - missionary anniversary sermons, meetings of parochial choirs, of Sunday-school teachers and children, visitations of the Metropolitan, public reception of other Bishops, the opening service and communion of the Diocesan Synod, and possibly of Bome future Provincial Synod, would be held with more of solemn dignity in the Cathedral than elsewhere. A powerful centre of influence will thus be gained without interfering with the proper work of parochial churches. St. Andrew's, at Sydney, has undoubtedly been a great, means of doing good in that city. "A few words with reference to the site may be added. That originally granted in Victoria-square bemg defective in title, and no steps many other quarter being taken to secure another, the Bishop felt justified in placing under trust a portion of the fc>ee property for the purpose, whereby the funds for building have been kept intact. The space of ground at the corner of Pennington- terrace, adjoining the Park Lands and facing the great thoroughfare which joins North and South Adelaide, appeared to be the nearest attainable point of contiguity between the two parts of the city, easily accessible from both sides of the Torrens. Government House, which is nearly the centre of the city, will be equidistant from the Cathedral and Government Offices. The terminus also of the railway destined to join Glenelg and Kensington opens still nearer the Cathedral, on the same thoroughfare. "In the trusts declared and liturgical arrangements proposed, he old Cathedral organization, so far as possible with a titular and scantily endowed Dean and Chapter, has been adhered to. A Chaplain (or two), permanently appointed, will provide for the dinary services. "Believing sincerely that sush a building is necessary for the efficient working of the Church of England in this province, for the dignity of its liturgical worship, for the due training of nativeborn clergy and a higher tone of social and religious life, the Bishop earnestly invites the clergy and laity to co-operate with him in effecting this important object, remembering it continually in their prayers, and using their personal endeavours to promote the erection." Outside the enclosure the military in full force were drawn up in open order, under Majer Vivian and the other commissioned officers. At 3 o'clock the privileged portion of the spectators entered the enclosure, and took up their positions on the tiers of seats before mentioned. Shortly afterwards His Excellency and Lady Editli, attended by the Hon. Captain Edgcumbe and Mr. n Morris, made their appearance. As they passed o the soldiers presented arms, and on their taking m the places assiened to them the National Antl^m s was played. Even at this early stage the seats m were well filled, and the scene presented was a w l striking one. There were present, nesides the viceregal party, a brilliant assemblage of ladies, the Hon. the Treasurer, the President- ol the Legislative Council, members of the Legislature, and distinguished colonists, principally those belonging to the English Church, altogether from 250 to 380 persons. At the stroke of 3 a procession -started from Bishop's Court, and reached the ground a few minutes afterwards, entering by way of Pennington- terrace, the choir singing as they keitf their place in the long and well- arranged line. In the forefront were the members of the Cathedral Committee—Messrs. C. B. Young, H. H. Turton, N. Oldham. W. S. Douglas, G. W. Hawkes, S.M., N, A. Knox, W. J. Fnllarton. A, Winnali W. H. Walters, H. C. Mais, and S. Toms, walking two abreast Then came the choirs of Christchurch, Trinity, and St. Paul s, carrying banners, with the words, "Faith," Hope, and "Love," or some emblematic representation emblazoned upen them. These numbered between 3J and 40. Afterwards followed the clergy, consisting of the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny, the Rev. Canon Farr, the Revs^ B. Reid, J. Pollitt, D. J. H, Ibbetson. B-I.^^V H. Howitt H. Ml Pollitt, H. Read, W. H. Mudie. T. R. Neville, S. Green, T. J. Smyth, T. Field, W. A. Clayfield, A. Honner, W. Scoit, Brown, Morse, F. Williams, and E. T. HowelL All of these wore white surplices, while His Lordship, who brought up the rear, was arrayed in his episoopal dress. On arriving inside the enclosure the clergy took up a position around the stone, the members of the choir standing behind. His LORDSHIP, standing on the north side of the stone, and having beside him the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny and the Rev. Canon Farr, commenced the office by reading the following exhortation :—" Dearly beloved in the Lord—Forasmuch as devout and holy men. as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Blessed Spirit, or by the express command of God. or by their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things, have desired to erect houses for the public worship of Almighty God, and separate them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with C greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and w affect their hearts with more devotion and humility in His service, which pious works have been approved of and graciously accepted by our Heavenly s Father, let us earnestly believe that He wiu f lso favourably approve this our godly pur- pose in laying the foundation-stone of this Cathedral Church, to be set apart for all the offices of Divine Worship, and the daily sacrifice of prayer: and let us faithfully and devoutly pray Him to bless and prosper this our undertaking." ihen followed appropriate passages from Hie Kubric, the responses being chanted by the choir; MR. J. J. Watson presiding at the harmonium. Ihe Lords Prayer said.the84th Psalm, "Quam Dilecta," the 96th, "Cantate Domino.' and the 1 122nd, Lsetatus sum," were chanted, and the Lessons from Ezra (1st c. 5 and 6 v.. 2nd c. 68 and R;:^ * oUo <"I ng r Collect was next read by the r f c °fc l Christ, Son of the J s u s a r t the.brightness of the Father's ard' ppress image of His Person, the wkhL^WSf without hands, h e the r h sure e w n foundation, mountain f r o m t h e strengthen ' , ,, f about to be laid in Thy Name "and h 8 \ t o - - ^g'ming and the end, by whom L ^e beginning h 0 a r t t h e God created all things beT we ^eech n Thee, the beginning, the incre^aSd the consummation of this our work, which i under" to the glory of Thy Name, X . ^ h the Father and the Holy Spirit, livestlndreignest one God, world without end. Amen." 'Behold I lay in Zionachief corner-stone, elect, precious, "And founded. he that believethin Him shall not be con- " The stone which the builders refused 9 9 } the head- Stone of the corner. tilhis s is 0a e the Lord's doing; " And it is marvellous in our eyes. laid ^ lay than that is " Which f o is u n Jesus d a t i o Christ. n n o m a a "Praise ye the Lord. " The Lord's name be praised." nanaing Mr. WOODS, tne trowel the to architect, the Bishop now advanced, and the Building Committee begged his in acceptance the name of of t h e foundation-stone, and as a t h? ocelli. His Lordship having expressed the pleasure it gave him to compl£ spread themortar in the usual way, and, under the direction of the architect, and biilder (Mr. w! Brown), the stone was lowered into its bed. This done the Bishop as founder tested the work with mallet and level, saying whilst doing so-" In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundationstone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghofet. Amen." MJ- VPICKSTEED. Secretary of Synod, nert read the following statement, a copy of which, with the Latin translation given below, had been deposited in the urn placed in the cavity of the stone:— to the name of the Father. Son, and Holy Ghost, the first stone of the Cathedral Church of St Peter was laid in the year of our Lord, 1869, on St. Peter's Day, the 29th of June, by Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide, formerly a scholar of St. Peter's College, Westminster; student, tutor, and censor of Christchurch, Oxford; and Vicar of Ravensthorpe, Northamptonshire,'on the 22nd anniversary of his consecration, A.D., 1847." "Hujusce Ecclesiae Cathedralis Deo Creatori Sospitatori Sanctificatori in honorem Sancti Petri, dicatifi. lapidem auspicalem posuit festo Sancti Petri, die Junii XXIX, anno Episcopatus ui XXIH meunte, salutis MDCCCLXIX Augustus Episcopus _ Adelaidensis. S.T.P., Collegii olim Sancti Petri Westmonasteriensis scholaris regius; Oxoniffi DeindeCEdis Christi alumnus, tutor, censor, in academia examinator, praadicator; Ravensthorpiae postea in comitatu Northamptoniensi, Parochus." The 164th Hymn, from the collection ancient and modern, beginning thus— " We love the place, O God, Wherein Thine honour dwells, The joy of Thine abode . All earthly joy excels," having been sung, The Kev. Canon FAIIB read the Collects for Trinity. Good Friday, Whitsunday. St. Peter's Day, St. Simon and St. Jude, and All Saints; after which the 3rd part of Hymn 142—"Jerusalem the golden"—was sung, and the Bishop having pronounced the apostolic benediction, the -ceremony closed. His LOBDSHIP spoke somewhat as follows:— Christian Friends—There are occasions when our feelings are too deep and too strong for expression, and words, instead of flowing freely, seem to come drop by drop as it were from the heart's fountain. And such an occasion I deem to he this—one not of social joy, one not of political or civil rejoicing, but a day on which thoughts of the deepest moment crowd in upon the heart, while we ate engaged in laying the foundation-stone of a temple dedicated to the honour and gloty of Him who fills the universe, who was before all time, and who fills all space—who in the beginning created all things by Jesus Christ, and in the fulness of time sent Him to declare His goodness and lovingkindness towards fallen man; and after He hw redeemed us by His precious blood-shedding on the cross—the painful, the- shameful, the igno* mimotm cross oT Calvary—He ascended up oninRh. and now fills the position of a Mediator, which tie will continue to fill until that great day, when the spirits of the just made perfect- the number of his elect is completed—when all who love the Lord with a pure heart fervently will partake of the blessings of the beatific presence of the Ancient of.Uays. While engaged in so solemn a work as this, there should be heart-searchings, and we should be ready to say, "Who are we. and what are we that raise this temple to our God?" When I think that two-and-twenty years ago I was set apart as a Bishop of tLe Church ?f ^ Christ, to "set in order the things that were wanting; to strengthen the things that remained;'-' to oversee the flockof Christ, and see that no part of that flock perished through being left without a shepherd and without a shepthat great office presses upon me, and makes me feel humbled to the dust Sucn an occasion is this, when I am disposed to exclaim "Who art thou that layeth the foundation-stone of what we propose to be the Mother-Church or the Churches in this land connected with the Church of our country and of our forefathers?" But when I think of that "Stone, cut out of the mountain without hands—that sura foundation," of which this is but a poor and feeble emblem, upon which he who plants his foot, or rather he whose foot is planted by the Spirit of Christ, wha is the Rock of Ages, knowing nothing but the cross of Christ as the foundation of his joys, his hopes, and his aspirations for time and eternity, iB safe—when I feel that J have been by the mercy of God plucked as a brand from the burning, and placed on that foundation, then my fears and anxieties and tremors give way to an unfaltering confidence that He who has enabled me undertake this work will sustain me by Hia power and love, and bring me through all diificuN ties. I then cast aside all fears and anxieties, ana trust in the love of God, in that full and sufficient Saviour given us in the person of God's beloved Son. True it is that the beginning of this work is hut a small part of what we have to do if God permits us to fulfil what we have undertaken; but having waited 22 years to see this day—having received in trust gifts, donations, subscriptions in former years—I thought the time was come for me to give an account of my stewardship, and show the people of this province connected with our ancient beloved Church that I have ot been an unfaithful steward of those treasures f silrer and gold which had been committed to y keeping. (Hear.) But I think there are pecial reasons at this epoch that call for some anifestation from us—be it great or small—that e -will serve the Lord. These are times when, ike Joshua, we should say, "Choose whom ye will serve. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lonl • I say in these latteFdays, when in the spirit of Rationalistic unbelief attempts are being made to throw discredit on the sacred and inspired Word of the. Living God—the foundation of our peace. our guide into the ways of eternal truth, and the only afe light that we can follow: for "who can show us any good but Thou, O God, who hath lifted .up the light of thy countenance upon us"— I say this is an epoch when those who love the Lord should come forward and give a token of their remembrance of him, not only in His spiritual character, but in His incarnate presence with His people and with the Church until the end of time. I repeat there are reasons at this particular epoch why those who love the Lord should give visible evidence to a heathen world of their resolve to serve the Lord God — God the Father, God the Son, ', and God the Holy Spirit—who were before all time, and are beyond all fpace. And with that view, brethren, and to show that we are determined, by the grace of God, to hand down to our children that blessed inheritance of faith received from apostolic times by perpetual succession, and recovered by our martyr forefathers; the Reformers, who, at the stake and with their bleod, vindicated the truth of the Living God and did battle en behalf of the inspired Scriptures, we show by this Btone that we are mindful of the blessings conferred upon our Fatherland and en the Church in which we have been brought up— that we are anxious to do what lies in our power to preserve those doctrines, with all the authority attaching to them, received from an apostolic age —to be a light in the world, exhibiting to all Churches a pure faith and a pure discipline. God grant that we may never disgrace our Cborch by laxity in respect either of doctrine or discipline; but that being putin possession of the faith handed down, not only from the earliest time, but by martyrs and confessors 300 years ago, we may never fall short of the high standard set before us. May we De faithful in forwarding the cause of our God and Saviour. May we, by the grace of God and by the help of His Holy Spirit hold out the Cross of hrist as the only hope for an evil and unbelievingorld. feeling convinced that it is this alone that ill penetrate to the heart of man, breaking it in under, and bringing him in humble penitence and incere desire to the feet of the Saviour, to receive rom Him the hope of salvation, and grace to tulp in time of need. I do not say this as having Kpecial reference to our own Church, for all those who hold Christ as the Head and believe in Him, to whatever party they may belong, have the promise of eternal life. But while 1 gladly • admit that the truth of God is not confined to our Church, still we are stewards of that grace imparted to us as belonging to the Church of England, and we desire in all friendliness of spirit; whilst holding our principles firmly, and with a determination not to abandon or sacrifice them to an unworthy compromise-(cheers)-6o far as we can to walk m harmony with others. through the Saviour to the throne of the Eternal Father. In no spirit of unholy rivalry do we place the first stone of this sacrea edifice, but in the hope that this Cathedral Church will prove a bond of union; that laying aside all party feeling, we will there join with each other, and that there may thus be afforded a foretaste of that unity which we long to see established in connection with the great body of the Church of Chiist; that those who have too long been separated by non-essential differences may be| brought together on the common foundation of Christ crucified, and be built up upon that living stone " to show forth ths praises of Him who hath called us from darkness to light." If this edifice is the means of producing such a result in our Church and in the different branches of the Reformed Church holding the cardinal principle of faith in Christ as the ground of salvation, we may be glad that this stone has been laid to-day, and we may hope that God will prosper the undertaking, favour that which is designed to forward the cause of Christ, to extend the knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus, aud bless the place thus dedicated to His service. (Applause.) I will- take this opportunity, your Excellency, of thanking you for your presence to-day. I do not speak of your presence as exclusively confined to us, for I know that you and your lady are desirous of promoting the good—the religious, moral, and social good—of all wherever it is in your power to do so; but, as a member of our own Church, and as a communicant of that Church, setting, as you do, an example in your domestic, household, social, religious, and public relationships which might well be followed by others, we are grateful for " your presence to-day—we are grateful to have a Governor one with us in Church work. (Hear, hear.) I thank God for it May He .prolong your life, and enable you still to be active in promoting h the cause of good both here and elsewhere. t (Cheers.) c His EXCELLENCY said:—My Lord Bishop, Ladies, and Gentlemen—I had not anticipated on the e occasion of this solemn and beautiful religious g ceremony that there would have been any caB for c me to ftiake a remark, but as your Lordship has a requested me, the religions ceremony being now ended, to offer some observations, I will say very briefly that I have come here from a deep sense of o duty to take part in this most interesting act. r All will remember those hallowed edifices which o have for many ages stood as monuments of the piety of the English nation, which have for g centuries been central places of worship for so many millions now no more, and which at the present day are still treasured In the recollections of yM. the .uv people. (Cheers.) wuccu.j And miu I x deeply uccpiy regret it^rei that mat in that part of the Church with which I have been more connected—I mean the Church of Scatland—we have in modern times been so destitute of those institutions which I think of such value; but even there we have seen instances of the restoration of edifices which the piety of our forefathers had reared. (Sear, hear.) And here I will remark as an example that I trust will not be without followers in Australia, that towards the restoring of Glasgow Cathedral, in a city which is in the very heart of a Presbyterian country, all sections of the Christian Church came forward and subscribed liberally. The restoration of that sacied Btructuree, like the building of the cathedral in Sydney, formed a common bond of union for all the Churches in the diocese—not confined to the Church of England alone, but extending through all the branches of the Catholic Church. My .Lord, the laying of thiB stone is indeed a significant act. I do trust that the building of which this is the first stone will serve to spread and perpetuate religious truth in this diocese. I do trust that it will form a gathering-paint for those who differ in non-essentials, and have earnestly the work of the Church at heart. I congratulate you, my Lord, most sincerely, and in this great assembly there is not one who will not join in the congratulation—(Hear, hear)-that you have seen to-day the commencement of the realization of your most earnest hopes-the first-fruits of so many prayers and exertions oa your part, aud the placing of the first stone of a monument which will remain long after you havejpaesed away as the first chief pastor of the Church of England in this colony, mi the honour of one who will be remembered as long as South Australia lasts. (Applause). My Lord, I will not by any words of mine prolong a meeting which has been of the most solemn and interesting character; but let me express a most earnest wish that with the success which has attended this first act every stone may be laid, and that as the walls and towers and stately spires arise, the material progress of the work may be the earnest of the good which will be accomplished through its means; that within the sacred pile now about to be reared rich and poor may meet together to worship their common Maker, and that men of all parties may assemble within its walls and cement a union that-will endure beyond the grave. (Loud cheers.) A collection was made, and the offerings laced upon the stone amounted to £56. The Srational Anthem having been sung, rounds of cheers were given for His Excellency, for Lady Edith Fergusson, and for His Lordship and Mrs. Short. The spectators then dispersed, but the procession reformed and proceeded to Bishop's Court. The arrangements for the ceremony betokened great care and forethought, and were carried out admirably. 