> l ',,'":',' ,' ' IRELAND.. ' ''' "? A, demonstration took place in Limerick, on August 1, in favour of the release of the Fenian prisoners. Twenty , . thousand persons, from Clare, Limerick, and Tipperary, t, including the' organised trades, assembled and/ walked through the city with banners and bands. An open-air meeting was subsequently held, which adopted a letter to Mr. Gladstone, demanding the release of the prisoners in the name of the Irish people. 1 Mr. Warburton, High" Sheriff of Queen's County, was fired at the morning of July 19, white driving to Mary ' borough to BOOT in the grand jury. The assassin was concealed in a wood at Killeen, behind a wall Devon faint high, and fired in an oblique direction, ten yards distance, into Mr. Warburton's face. The shot destroyed his left eye, and wounded the side of his head. Fortunately the gun was rated too high, and thus the greater part of the charge riddled his hat. Two Dublin papers report an "extraordinary scene at Fethard," during the visit of the Marchioness of Ely and the Marquis, her son, to their estates. A horse-race and other experts had been arranged, and the people, who rise in 1 , bled iii multitudes, applauded the young Marquis ; where ' upon he called for a cheer for Mr. Hare, the agent According to the story, as told a Roman Catholics over by Juan stepped forward, and is alleged to have cried out " No, no ; three groans for Hare," adding that he ."' *' Reserved not cheers and applause, but reprobation for his ( conduct us agent;' that" the blood and the curses of the people ejected from their dwellings in Killeek lay upon ) ' his guilty soul." The people hooted, and a dr. ' Powell, making some observation that displeased the eye and, he was knocked down." Mr. Hare, in the confusion, rode away. It, is added that another Roman Catii other clergymen, at a later period of the day, endeavoured to appease the crowd, and protect two artillerymen from Dean cannon Fort, but was himself knocked down Several of nos by the crowd. One of the soldiers was beaten so but ally that he has since died. Another outrage is reported from Tipperary. As Mr. > Brereton, a respectable farmer, was, with his wife, dar ling from Thurles, a man named Slattery, who lay in wait be 1 hind a ditch in a lonely part of the road, stopped his h tree, and hurled a large and jagged stone at Brereton, brea ing in his skull fearfully. Mrs. Brereton supplicated for mercy without effect. Brereton has been immense rous, ' since, and his life is in danger. Several pieces of bone '. nive '. been removed from his skull. The cause of the quarrel t i was about land. The accused has not been arrested. a' ' ' At Carlow Assizes on July 23rd the case of Furlong, a | ' National teacher, against Boland, a priest, for slander, was compromised." the defendant paying £200. The plant stiff, 1 in his action, complained that defendant denounced him at < different altars, praying the curse of the Father, Son, and .' Holy Ghost might fall upon him and accompany him to his death, and that the Almighty then might withhold His mercy. J , i . ' <?. > ' A singular outrage was committed on Thursday, July 2 22nd, on the lands of Lisobohano, near the town of T ppo 1 < vary. A surveyor had been sent down from Dublin to define the boundaries of the estates of two brothers named 1 Vincent, one of whom resides in Castlccennell and the other in Dublin. He had scarcely entered upon the < e V, lands and commenced his work, when he was suddenly set a ' upon by four re-armed with revolvers, who searched. him the roughly, took away his maps and other papers, fired 'i 'shots to intimidate him, and warned him that if he did not '- ' leave the land immediately he would be shot The Rev. C V Mr. Murtagh, parish priest of Kiicudden, county Kildare, I requested, the prayers of his congregation on Sunday, August ii, for Mr. Gladstone's speedy restoration to a health, passing a eulogium on the Premier's " honest and intrepidity " in carrying the Irish Church Bill to asupcesB f til issue 