MELBOURNE DEFENCE WORKS. TO THE EDITOR OP THE AGS. Sin, — Your contemporary has a leader on the above subject in to-day's issue which is well written, timely nud important ; but I trust the inactivity of our Chief Secretary is only ap parent, and that he is now cogitatively and wisely weighing in tho balance of probabilities whether the whole of our cut and dry defensive scheme is not thoroughly rotten and useless, excout tho nendinc possession of tho Cerberus ironclad, and the doubtful prize we have in tho Nelson blockship. Tho possession ef the Cerberus is the only positive move wo have yet made in the right direction, and she would have been more fitted for her work if she had been fitted with engines capahln of driving her at tho rate of fourteen knots in lieu of nine knots. But what I would strongly protest agaiust is attempting to fortify Port Phillip with fixed batteries ; to do which effectually would require tho revenue resources of a large nation ; and if we cannot do this effectually, why spend more money than has been spent already? As I before remarked in a letter published two years ago on thiB subject, we must not expect our enemy to knock their heads against batteries whorever, forsooth, wo choose to plant them. The dock-yard at Williamstown, with it3 existing defence bat tery, represents a larger area than would isolated warships, and can be fired at from such a distance at which the fira from a de fensive fort would be absolutely innocuous against so comparatis-ely small an object as a floating battery, aud thus become aggressivoly usek'sa, courting hostile shot without tho power to inflict damage. The fira from a fort against a inoveable floating battery has been stated by Sir William Armstrong to he really otlective only within a distance of 1000 yardp. Hence to render a seaport impreg nafolo, the isolated forts must either bo multi plied ad libitum until there bn no spaco or channel out of reach of their effective tire, or they ninst be supplemented by heavy floating batteries. On this point Captain Cole re marks: — ' It may be replied that no one pro poses to rely on forts alone, but upon forts with iron-clad ships to assist them. Bo it so ; but still the question remains, in what way wonld such ships bo assisted by tho fortB ? Surely when the attacking ahipB were ulong side your own it would bo impossible for the forts to firo on one and not the other.' He further adds — ' But what objectio:,., I am asked, ia there to stationary farts? Simply the objection which might be urged against a scheme for taking away the horses from tho artillery in order to plant the suns about iu the most likely spot for an invader, or to fettering the legB of our volunteers and planting them around London to ensura their being in t'ue right place.' As I before wrote,'the fixing of isolated forts, not capable of maintaining on absolute integral defence, muy bo compared to a tiger chained np which can only do harm within reach of its chnin ; but (he iron- clatl flouting b:itt«uin«-r!im ia the tigfrroamint? in search of prey, with his claws noheathed for destructive action. To q--ioto Captain Cole ngain : ' Motion is tho cenins oi modern war fare, fls station wns of thfit gono by.' Tho only integral method of making a fixod battery, other than n scarecrow is to construct an inland on sorao convenient sand-spit at tho en trance near the Heads, and then shoal np the navisaWe channel to a width of 300 yards. Sach n battery on the island, thus made, mounted with twenty 1000 pounders on Moncriof's system, wonld give a good account of any w»r steamer which might dare such a liquid valley of the ehe.dow of death ; in fact, it wonld bo too good. It would be to choke up the channel with the sunken spoils of war, as a concentrated firo from such a bnttery wonld instantly sink anv vessel now afloat. To complete a work of the character described would cot cost less than two millions sterling, which shnts tho soheme 4n the enter vcstibulo of impeenniosity. But one-fourth of the above sum wonld give us two powerful twin-screw ram ironclads, possessing a dranghtof fourteen feet of wnt°r, aud a speed of fourteen knota ; thogn, with the Cerberns and tho old Nelson to frighten pos sible fools, shonld ho permanently fixod nn fnr +ht\ Anfonnn of Hip hfirhor. These mail-clad champions shonld dictate to an enemy the site of tho im/peuding battle, which should bo far away from the city. On the contrary, were wo to erect batteries in our most tender spots, what is to prevent the hostile fleet from replying to puch, nnd at the samo time throwing shell into the city from a distance of five miles if necessary? Wouldthere be the ghost of a chance of our batteries hitting the ships once in ton times, and if hit at all would not the impact be bo weak as to be use less ? To sum up what appear to bo our real es sentials for warlike preparation and sound de fensive efficiency, viz. : — 1st. Establish a gnnpowdcr manufactory and shot foundry. ' 2nd. Leavo all shore batteries aa they are ; not a penny should bo spent on them, 3rd. Order two ram ironclads as already de scribed, with the proper men to command tl'.em. 4th. Obtain a nnclens etnff of skilled master gunnera from the Excellent training ship, who would form part of the crow of the Cerberus as a training ship in naval gunnery for the rest of the fleet, when required. 5th. Hasten completion by every possible means of tho Government graving-dock. 6th. Disband all the present volunteers, ex cept the crack shots, who should be formed into a rifle regiment, with handsome dark green uniform, nnd with honorary civic privileges conferred on all its mombors as will make it an honor to bn on its roster. 7th. Request the withdrawal of all her Ma jesty's troops now in tho colony ; which will so ease the military financial outlay as to enable us to establish an equivalent force at less coat. 8th. Form two Armstrong six-gnn nine pounder trnopg of horse artillery, with detach ments of 16 to eRch. gun, who wonld, if occa sion demanded, net as cavalry. 9th. Ono staff officer of the right stamp couU command the above handful of real war light ning. Tho volunteer force, as at present con stituted, would be sure to bolt if opposed to veteran troops; past history has made this pretty plain — if we except Iho sans-culottes boy levies of the '97 French Revolution. If anv of your readers (or any other man !) says ' What the devil tfoaa he know nhont warlike affairs ? ' I reply that I fought in a ship's battery before . I was thirtnen years old, and many subsequent years. I served five years in the finest horse artillery in the world. I also served eight and a half years in the finest cavalry regiment; and I have trained aod commanded considerable bodies of men as in fantry. And, lastly, I am as ripe and rendy to lead a charge of cavalry ag over I was. Mind, Mr Editor, I am not nailing for the ' one staff officer's ' billot. Tho Achilles of the Theatre Royal forbid !— I am, TOM CRINGLE. Melbourne, 9th February, 