THE NEWS OF THE DATi The Flying Squadron ha» arrived nt last, and four of the veasels, the frigates. Liverpool; Phtsbe and Liffay, and the Batoesa nteam cor vette, are now lying is the Bay. The Liverpool is Roar- Admiral Hornby's flag-ship. The two the Endymioa and the Soylla, are still outside the Hoado, bat they may be expected to-day. Now that tbe ihips are in port, it is time to think of the entertainmonti with which the officers and men are to be feted. All we hear of at prenent ii one ball to be given to the officers, on Monday night, by his Excellency the Governor; and the Forutfuo Gaily excursion, under the auspices of the Mayor aud corpora tion on Wadneaday. The time of our visitors mast not be allowed to lie heavy on their handa. . ... . : The proposed postal service via the Cape of Good Hope ig beginning to anome a tangible form, three tenders having been re ceived by the mail from parties willing to undertake the contract. It was decided by the board in London, as there might be 'some tenders Bent to Melbonrno direot, that they Toald lood the tenders they received un opened. Oa receiving them, Mr Hjcpherson handed them over with their aeala unbroken to Mr Turner, the DBpnty PoBtmaBter General, with instructions to report on them in conjunction with those received in Mel bourno. ItmaTj therefore, be expected that there will be, in the ooarso of a feiv days. jomo rortaer lniotiDaucm avaunoieaa id iuu probable .cost of a mail service by this route. The rates tonderel will probably decide the Government aa to whether the. second servioe will be undertaken in preference to a fort nightly servioe via Saez, as offered by. the P. and O. Company. ''' ?.-,,? Two important despatches have been received from the Agent-General, both relating to mat ters whioh very materially affeot the interests of trie colony. The one is the floating the balance of tho Riilway loan, . which it appear* cannot be disposed of on such favorable terms as was Loped, and- the other relates to tho threatened influx of a pauper population. Tbe Poor Law Boards have tried it on with Mr Verdon, in hopes that they might induce him to commit Victoria to me uoasulD| uut uu prumpbiy uuu uuumuuiy uo clined to entertain the idea — a course of pro ceeding which he will ba upheld in by the colony. While the colony is desirons that all who are able and willing to labor, for their living should rind a home on its shores, it is not likely to be a party to any snch micidal folly as that of hardening herself, with tho in mates of the English Poor Law Unions. Some valuablo information has been received by the mail in referenoe to the construction of light railways and branch lines. In oooordonoe with instructions sent homo, Mr Verdon placed himself in communication with Messrs Bereton and Lewis and Sir Charles Fox, the leading English authorities on tho subject. From these gentlemen he procured several pamphlets on branch railways, light lines, the osoilla tion of railway vehicles, and light and narrow gango railways. These, together with some voluminous correspondence, he has forwarded for the information of the Government. . The general tenor ol the opinion is that light lines are preferable in exceptional cases, and for opening np new and sparaely populated dii-j triots. ? ? j A very extensive and most important seizure of goods by the enstom-honse authorities is mmnrAfl to hnvfl tnkpn nlnnn within thft lniit few days, bnt no authentic information as to tho seiznre has yet transpired from tho offioial quarter. Tho rumor is that one of the oldest and largest. firms in Melbourne which import gsneral merchandise, haB been in the habit systematically for como time ol passing in packages of valuable goods at one of the Mel-; bsnrne wb&rfs;, at containing a mnoh lowor qnantity of goods than they really held, thuB paying farlcaadnty than' is paid by other firms,' and of conraa defrauding the revenue. That an extensive seizure has been made there goemn little reason to donbt, and most probably in a few days the public will.be placed in fall par ticulars of the ease, bat as the Caitoms authorities have not yet announced any such seizure, it might perhaps be premature to go into farther particulars. Yesterday was the grand dny of the National Show at KvaotoD, when tho wholo of the ex hibits were on view. There was an nnuiually large number of draught horens of firat- class quality, headed by Mr Rowan's newly arrived Sootohman, to whom Pride of Soot land came ceoond, and Westhorn, an other new arrival, third. The thoroughbred entries comprised Horror, Panic, and Mormon, placed in that order. The cattle classes also were well filled ; Mr Robt. M'Dongall gained the principal prizes with his bulls Connt Lobau and Grand Count, and his aow Fuchsia. The Herefords were numerous,, and the minor classes oi Ayrethires, Dovons and Alderneys were not without representative. The show of dairy produce, bacon and hams, was creditable to the district, most of thi prizes being retained there. We understand that the receipts at tho gates were satisfactory. Oa inquiry at the offices of the Melbourne Meat Preserving Company, we were informed that their advioea fully bear out our statement that their interests are not injured in any way by the failure of Messrs John M'Call and Co. Tho balance , of account is some £400 odd against the company, and as regards consign ments then on the way, arrangements had been *nni?A lt« arTiinla !M*Aaai-a T?r\liai*^ ftr/tnlra an-I ftft the London correspondents of Meiers Holmes, Whits and Co., of this city, would take charge of the shipments then advised and honor the drafts against the same, thus protecting the company from any loss whatever. The failure of Messrs M'Call and Co. is to be attributed to private speculation!! in shipping, and not, as stated in the papers, to loaies incurred in the importation of Australian meats — which have hitherto yielded a handsome profit both to tho company and to the consignees. The copies of the Exhibition Catalogue, which, were forwarded to Mr Verdon some months linoe, have proved a valuable acquisi tion to him, the information they famish in reference to the climate, -productions, and statistics of the colony making them particu larly valuable for circulation. He urges also that the handbook whioh he rooommonded in hi* report on emigratioa should be pnblished, and also advises that the information oontained in the easaya published in the Exhibition WOiaiDgaU PUUU1U VO ^lUltUU IU U po|JB*ai(D pamphlet form, and as many oopies as possible famished to him without delay. In conjunc tion with these and the handbook, he also re commends th&t; a large supply of the new Iixnsl Bill (which he evidently expeofa has bwa eald/ jsasseJ ia its original shape) aad it» acoompaojing regulations may bo for warded to him aa coon as possible, in order that he may distribute them among intending emigrants. The suggestions are decidedly practical in their character, and should not be lost sight of in theio present times, when by soma the want of immigration is so much deplarod. ? ? ' A most remarkable trial was commenced yes terday afternoon, in the County Court, in whioh Mr George Paton Smith was sued by Messrs Baillie and Batters for the value of an unpaid Boceptance given by him in 1851, in order to meet a pressing necessity of Mr Brodie's. The oircumstanoes attending the oase are very pecu liar, the more so as the plaintiffs. w«re doiirons of retiring from the suit, but were induced to -continue it on the strength of a political partisan^ under tha verandah, , guaranteeing to pay .£50 or any other turn that was requisite for ex penses. Mr Smith has been a consistent op; ponent of the political party whose aim, since tha oolony had the boon of responsible govern ment bestowed npon it, has been the advance ment of clasB interests, and, as such, has laid himaoli open, to the masked and open attacks of malevolenoe and political batrad. Yesterday tho mask was thrown on one side, but the ganj tlemen- -who delight to oongregate under the verandah overahot their, reark. ? Here are two items of news from different quarters of the globe, both of great interest to Australians in connection w;th tho opening of the Suez Canal. Xho Liverpool Albion says the demands' of the Australian and Indian trades have become ss extensive, and the forth . coming opening of the Suez Canal being likely to do away with theme of sailing vcsiels to a very considerable extent, tome of tho enter prising, shipowners of .Liverpool are combining together to substitute steam for sailing vessels.' Already there has been formed a large com-; pony, . which has given an order for a steamer of 410 feet in length, and of light draft ; and one of our oldest and most respectable firmi is, it is said, :ob6ut' to follow suit. . The Delhi Gazette remarks that it is in contemplation to send the Southampton passengers and mail through the Suez Canal, the Marseilles mail go ing overland as before. It ia also stated- that the Peninsular and Oriental Southampton steamers will go through the canal) if it can be managed, and continue tho voyage without entailing the necessity of . disembarkation upon tho pas sengers. . . ; , ,,.-.' ... ?? Tho steamship Great Britain left tho Heads at an early hour yesterday, and would there fore, have a splendid fair wind for the com mencement ol her passage. A reward of £250 is offered in last night's Government Gazette for the apprehension of persons who, on the 3rd of September last, wil fully poisoned the prize hones Bob Bay and Young Australia at Warrnambool. Bright Brothers' ofliop was closed yesterday in consequenoe of the death of Mr Eobert Bright, father of MrC. E. BrighS andBoginald Bright of that firm.' He died on 19th Septem ber at Abbot's Leigh,Bristol. ? '' I Some .: anxiety is still felt by the policy holders of the European Assurance Company as to the information which has been received by the local directors. So soon as tho infor mation ia'rnnAivAdl tha flommittaa anDointed hv the policy-holders to protect their interest! will call another publio meeting, at whioh it is pro bable additional facts to those possessed by the Melbourne directors will be made known, and steps will be taken in furtherance of the interests of Victorian polioy -holders. There appears, from what is known, to be considerable dissension in England amongst the directors aB to the position of the company, but though the petitisn for wind ing up was filed by two of the directors, it was dismissed, and tho company is still pay ing. Sioh hews is certainly very assuring to polioy-holders here, and though tho affairs of the company are under a oloud; they are not in such a deplorable state as was imagined before the arrival of the last mail. Mr M'Keau seems to have been pretty smart in acting on his idea of selling off the hold ings of the forty-second selectors if misfortune overtakes them and they are unable ts pay up thoirront through pressure of creditors. The farm of MrHepwortb, of Smeaton.ig advertisod for sale as early as the 1st Decem ber, by order of the official assignee, whioh sale could not havo been of any validity unless the President' of Lands had given his sanction te it. Mr Grant persistently refused to allow selectors' allotments on lease to be sold, and that principle has always been held in America as essentially neoessary to sooure bonafide settlement of a country, but it appears here, according to present arrangements, that any Crown lands lesiee who is unfortunate enough to be pressed by a creditor, will have his land and improvements sold off, and that both :will pass into the hands of capitalists, who were never intended to be benefited by the leaiihg clauses ol the Land Act pi 1865, which gave especial favors in order to induce agrioul turists to settle upon and improve the soil. The fabled treasures of SalAfer's raby mines may yet be eclipsed in the neighborhood of Melbourne, H discoveries of gems continue to bo made to the same extent as lately. Small rubies have, from time to time, been discovered among the gravel of the Studley Park, but yes terday one ol more than ordinary size was picked up by a laboring man named James Rogan, living in Johnston- street, Cpllingwood. This gem, which, in its uncut condition is about the size of a small pea, was of a particularly good color, being fully equal in that respect to an Oriental stone. The finder of .tho gem said that it came from the old gravel pit at [V.w side of the. Studley .Park-bridge-road, a Bhort .dis tanoo from wluro it Joins the Jobnstonutreot bridge-road. ? ? : ? ? . .. ? Amontf the announcements contained in last night's Government Gazette is one of the amended regulations , for the certification of publio accounts. . ? A protection has been taken out by Mr1 Alfred Macdougall, a copperiiiaith residing in this oity, for an improved self-acting freezing apparatus; and Mr Thomas Gliistor, of Foots cray, has secured a protection for an improved method of sawing stone and like substances. The Head-quarters Band will play to-morrow (Saturday)- afternoon, from two o'olook, at the Friendly Sooioties1 Gardens. The following is tolo; quadrille, 'Bon Jour,' Ziokoff; selec tions from ' Hit and Miss,' Hervi; overture, ' Jubillee,' Weber ; waltz, 'Geraldine,' God frey; selections from 'Lily of Killarney,' Benedict ; polka, ' Champagne Charlie,' Siede; air and chorus, :'Judea,' Flotow; galop, ' Duroh die Lufte,' Ziehrer. The entries and acceptances of Mr E. T. Barnard's horses for tbe Ballarat races are void, owing to the late delivery of the letter containing them, which had boon delayed at tho post offioe for insufficient postage. ? A novel robbery was committed yesterday afternoon at the Perseverance Hotel, Little CollinB- Btreet, when a hogBhead of beer was rolled out of the baok yard and carried away by some persons, without notioo being taken of them. In the Insolvent Court, yesterday, William Bjan, of Richmond, blacksmith, applied for a certificate of discharge from his debts ; but as he had been insolvent twice within threa years, tbe Chief Commiisioner suspended the issuing of the certificate for one month, A Tory savage and unprovoked aasault was committed in Little Lonsdale-streefc on Thurs day -afternoon by a middle aged man named Richard Bailey. The man was evidently in a stato of intoxication, and was running after every boy he saw. A lad named William Jones was passing along the street when Bailey seized him by the collar and threw him to the ground with great violenoe, severely bruising his faoe. The boy at once informed a constable of what had happened, and the man was arrested. He was taken. before the city benoh yesterday morning, but some witnesses who saw the as sault not being present, he was remanded until next day. ' ? Messrs C. F. Btandisb, H. Fisher and W. Leonard, the handioappers for the Viotoria Racing Club, have sent in their resign; tion. Daring the visit of the Flying Squadron, a ball for the benefit of the Sailors'' Home haa been proposed, and a ball for the benefit ef the Benevolent Asylum has also been proposed. The oommittee for getting up the former are first in the field, and the committee for the latter are in possession of the moit suitable building, the great Exhibition Hali. Ii is thought that both objects might be best pro moted by an amalgamation o! tbe two schemes. Ono grand ball in the Exhibition Building would yield a better revenuo than two balls following dose the one en the other. No doubt the re spective promoters will sea that it will be to their advantage to ' unite and divide.' With respeot to the olootion of ohairmaa of the Morang Road Board, a correspondent sends the following particulars : — ' Mr John Wilton, the retiring chairman, after referring to ike ne co«aity of appointing bis successor, with be coming modesty retired .'rom the chair aad fromthe bofirdroom.' ?' Mr Andrew Nelson Vras voted to the chair ptia tern., aad took his seat. It was then proposed that Mr Kelson be chair man for the ensuing year. Xn 'amendment was proposed that Mr Wilton bo^ffio ..chairman, thero being ai*eqa&lity; of votos~Tn'eaoh caae. Tho proposition to decide it by lot oame from Mr Nelson, and not Mr Wilton -as previously reported. This modo of deciding the matter was declined by Mr Wilton. Mr Witon re fusing tha offer of Mr Nelson to decide it by lot constitutes Mr Nelson the chairman — even without this, tbo former proposition constitu ting Ndlaon the chairman pro tern, was suffi cient of itsalf, without any farther motion, to constitute him chairman for tbe year.' An awfully sudden death ocoarred yesterday morning at the deteative office. A middle aged man camed Charles Armstrong, residing in Richmond, was having his lunch in the Adam and E re Hotel, Little Collins- street, when a piece of meat stuck in hii throat. He ran into the detective offioe for asiutance, and' Mr Secretan managed to rrnnovo a portion. of the meat from his throat, but failed to dislodge, the remainder. In a few minutes Dr. Blair (who had been sent for) arrived with his instruments, but before the meat could be extracted from the man's throat, he expired. The body was sub sequently removed to the morgue, where an inquest will be held to-day. ?- The recent altercation in Collins-street be tween two lporting men wag. the subject of a case hoard in the District Court yesterday, when Mr Saqoi, the well known bookmaker, claimed damages to the amount of £10 from Charles Hamilton in consequence of injury done by the latter to his head and feelings. The facts of tho case appear to bo that there is a dispute about a £7 bet between the two men, and when ever Saqui meets Hamilton he feelingly in quires when he is going to be paid. Hamilton does not relish this procedure, and resolutely declines to pay. On tho ISthintt., Saqui was talking to Mr Moton Mots in front of the Bank of New South Wales, when Hamilton passed in company with a lady. Saqui went up to him with his oft-repeated question, and ..at the same time inquired of the la Iy if she wag aware of the character of ths man with whom she was walking, Saqui _ ovidently considering that a man who does not pay his gambling debts has no right to be in ladies' company. Hamilton, enraged at being accostod, suddenly turned upon Saqui, and having a well- loaded cane in his hand, roplied, ' I will pay you now,' whioh operation hs performed by knocking the book maker down. Mr M013 went to the assistance ot the discomfited individual lying on tha ground and prevented any further melee. The bench considered that although there had been some - provocation on tbe part of Siqui, yet Hamilton had no right to take tho law into his own hands and: they therefore awarded .£5! damages, which the complainant requested might be placed in tho poor box. ' The committee of the Immigrants' Aid So ciety held their weekly meeting yesterday ; present, Messrs OHpbant, Griffiths, Sayce (who took the chair), and the JRav. G. Mackie. ' The superintendent made the following return of the number relieved during the past week, and the proient state of the home : — Number of in mates remaining last week, 331 ; admitted Binos, 101; discharged; '98 ; remaining in mates, 334, comprising 186 men, 76 women, and 72 children. There are 77 under meaioal treatment. O! the males employed, 5 are afnnulirAnirinA Aft Anirnm niMrinnr nnA 10 trnrlr. ing outside. Of the females, 31 are hair teasing, 3 in the laundry, 4 sewing, and 6 working outside. In out-door relief, 23 families, or 85 individuals, were relieved on presenting the society's cards. Donation! per superintendent : — The 'Mayor of Melbourne, £10 ; and Mr Sayoe, £1. Per oollector : — Mesirs Bligh and Harbottlo, £2 2s ; Mr John Mackenzie, £1 Is ; Mr John Carson, £1 Is. The treasurer of the Prince Alfred Hos pital acknowledges with thanki the following contributions in aid of the building fucd :— , Messrs C. and B., £1 Is ; Croakor, Soott and Co., £5 6s; C. B.Dickinson, £1 Is; J. and W. Henry, £1; M'CilI, Black and Co., £3 3« ; P. N. Walker, £2 2s ; E. J. Whito, £2 2j ; Weyjack, IOj ; Hon. S. H. Biaden, £2 2s. Mr Kidson has been appointed collector to this institution. A lecture w&s; delivered last night, in tho Exhibition Building, by Mr Birnio, in aid of the funds for the erection of tho new wing of the Benevolent Asylum. Mr Zox took the chair in the absence of Mr Aapinall, who had been appointed to preside, and the attendance was only limited. The lecture was on ' Byron,' and the principil portion of it was in reference to the charge recently brought against Lord Byron by Mrs Harriet Boeoher Stowe. The learned leoturer defended Byron from tho oharge reoently levelled against his cha racter from a variety of points. His (Mr Birnie's) hypothesis of the separation wob that in the firat years of Byron's marriage he suffered so much from indigestion that he was led to excess, and that one night after he went home he heard Lady Byron's maid aspersing him, on which ho rushed into the room and turned the maid out violently. L»dy ?Byron then seemod to have taken his conduct as so like that of a midman that Bhe thought him to be mad, or if not mad that he was so bad as to render it impossible for her to live any longer with him, and therefore she quietly paid a visit to her father's home, from whioh the fiat of irrevocable separation was .sent. forth. Daring his observations Mr Biroie made froquent quotations from Lord Byron's works, in support- of his arguments. At the close of. the lecture a vote of thanks was warmly ao corded So thn lecturer. The sermon preached by the Rev. James Martin, B. A.., in the Collins-slreet Churoh, on the opening o! the ninth session of the Baptist Association of Victoria, on ' Quenching the Spirit,' has been . published by Mr George Robertson, of Elizabeth-street. ' The profits arising from tha sale thereof will ba given to the association. The disoourse deals with the subject in a masterly manner, aad is a moat welcome addition to our biblioal literature. A correspondent writos to inquire whether the Government intend that the country post masters should net a profit of threo farthing3 in. the- two penoe by selling the new stamped envelopes at threepence each. It appears that he went to a country poBt-efHce and asked for a twopenny stampi.when he, was informed that ho must take one of this now envelopes at threepence — so he alleges. Aa far as we can learn it is optional with the purchaser whether he tokos a stamp. or an envelope, and it is the duty of the postmaster to keep a supply of both.'- ' ' ' ' ? The inauguration fete to celebrate the opening of the Friendly Sjoietiea' Gardens, so well known as the North Botanical Reserve, will be held to-day, when a liberal programme nf nnt.flnnr nmnnements in nrit forward to at tract the patronage of the pleasure-jeeking publio. There will he. Sanoing, ..foot-racing, and gymnastio performances- in variety, and sundry aquatic sports on the lake, and plea sure boats will ply on the lagoon during the day. A large number of itinerant showmen have taken up sites, and several refreshment tents have been ereoted, the arrangements for the comfort. of , -visitors being particularly com plete. Should- the day prove propitious, the fete Bhould bean enjoyable one, as well as a finanoial success. In the evening there will be a grand pyroteohnio display on the lake, several new devices having been prepared specially for this oooasion: His Excellency the Gover nor has promised* to honor the fete with a visit. ? The Ballarat' Horticultural. Society Spring Show was opened- yesterday at one o'clock, and shortly after that hour there was a fair at tendance of visitors to what was considered a very good exhibition. The number of ex hibits was large and the display of f uohaias especially beautiful. The petunias, roses, cal ceolaria and ferns also were very fine, whilst the oolleotion of flowers in bouquet refleots infinite credit on the exhibitors. Mr Craig was the principal prize-taker for faohsifis;' Mr T. Lang for roses, and Mr T. Learmonth for calceolaria. Mr G. J. Sims, of Brighton, took first prize for the collection of cut flowers, and Mr J. Brewster sooond prize. Mr.D.. Herbort gained fivef onra--/1 fnt* farnfl and ivAOnodf ? A fatal accident occurred in Simpson's road last avening to a wood carter named Patrick Skorndo, residingjit Nunawading. He was putting tbe nosebag on his horse when tbo animal suddenly started and knocked him uaSa, T!iS wheels of his dray passed over his chest, breaking all his riba and inflicting severe injuries to nrs neaa. 0.0 wu» uu uu»» removed to the hospital, bnt his injuries were of suoh a serious nature that he expired shortly after his admittance, A painful acoident through playing with gun powder occurred to a lad named Patrick Ryan, at Riohmond, yesterday morning. The boy had got po«session of some Waiting powder, which he poured into an old blast hole, and ignited it by means of a straw nUefl. with crushed powder. As might be expecitod, the powder flashed up with great violence, eooroh injr the boy'a hand in a very severs manner inflicting considerable injury on two of the ' angers. His screams attracted the attention - ol eorne qnarrjmen, who convoyed the sufferer = tfl a chemist's, whore hi* hacd was dressei. :'- Though no fatal results ar 0 anticipated, it is thought that a permanent injury has been caused to the lad's hand by the force of tka explosion. .;,',? ' It. is stated that. the Christmas pantomime at tho Theatre Rcyal .will be from the pen of Mr W. M. Akbur«t, and* is entitled 'The House that Jack Bailt.' The Duke of Edin- ' burgh Theatre will also be opened with a theatrical company under tho management of the leEsees of the Theatre Royal, and not under tha t of Messrs Pitt and Clarke, as has been stated. The pantomime, at tbii house ?p'ill also be from the f ertiln pen of Mr Akhurat and is to he called-' Jack Sheppard.' Dr. Youl, tbo city coroner, held an inquest yesterday, at Hotham, upon -the body of ' W lilt QTTt Q.Dnlnn »*t £1 1 A» S . i.u_ 1 .k AIT] J . .......wj* wwamuui uu uiDKiHUittbU UUiiU IQUT months of age. Bridget Hennessy, wife of a stonebreaker residing in Trafalgar-place, had i been nursing the tleceaied for the last three weeks. He -was' an illegitimate child. The mothor paid her 10 1 per week, but Bhe did not know where »he was living. The child was taken ill on Friday last, and on Tuesday wit ness took him to the hospital, but she was told that nothing could be done, as hs was dying. He died in the night of Wednes day. Sergeant Crisp said he had made search for the mother, but was unable to find her. Dr. Nnild made a post viortem examination, of tha body, and found in the stomaoh a quantity of undigeated farinaceous matter. Tho came of death was congestion of tha brain, occasioned by indigestible food, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. .Smokers will bo glad to learn that an anti dote to nicotine .has. been discovered. M. Armond, a French savdnt, has stated to tha Academy of Soionces that he has discovered a sure antidote to nicotine in the common water- ' cress. It destroys the poiBOnous effects of nicotine, and yet does not alter the aroma of tobacoo. A solution of watercress miy there fore be employed for steeping the* leaves of tobacco, and would tlma divest them of their noxious properties, and, moreover, a draught of the same- will act as a sure antidote to nicotine. ' in ioe lace oi mis important als covery, anti-tebneoo societies - will no longer have any excuse for the affectionate interest they have hitherto displayed in the health of smokers, or for the lavish abuse, they have so freely bestowed npon their victims. - : It is strange., that the : extensive ridge be tween the City bridge and the Botanic Gar dens is not frequently used by pio-nio parties. Converted from . absolute bareness within a few years, into a park in which the trees now give shade, in nlj directions; this locality has for outdoor recreation alto the advantage of cIobb proximity .to_tbe_'city, of commanding magnificent views, and of being free of rep* tiles, suoh as in the ranges are sura to he met with. : Aocgbb is freely given to carriages all over the ridge, if ordinary caro towards the younger firs and other trees is observed. Dr. Von Mueller has made arrangements to com monca lining the flower borders with mstio dwarf iron edgings, such as are bo extensively in use in Paris. He expects also from Erglai d onil flift nnnfeinnnfc a rtnonfltv nl nnrnnlniti artA terra cotta labels of plants, with unobliterablo inscriptions. The plant yielding tho Colambo root has lately been introduced. The Eucepha lartos oycadifolius has lately been added to tho series of so:called Natal palms. Many fine and rare plants are in flower in the houses and garden grounds, the Prionium among them. The willows, wherever. -they' had become on impediment to the boats on the river, have been trimmed. ' Valuable consignments ot duvub ntiiiDu ujf tua .mau imui amu **uia aul' ~ furt. ??'?.. Mr Heller will give an afternoon perfor roanoo to-day, for the benefit of tho juvenile ; portion of tho community, commencing at half-past two o'clook. As the programme is to bo chosen especially to suit the comprehension of children, there will no doubt be a large at tendance. In the evening tha usnal perform ance will take place, and on Monday an entire change will be made in tho programme. An acoident that yet may terminate fatally ts an engine-driver named Charles Johnson, a native of Sweden, at Mr Cornwall's pipe factory, in JUranswick, took piaoe laBt night just B8 the men were leaving off work. It appears to be customary, on turning off tho stoam, to remove the belt from the drum by pressing an ' iron bar against it while the wheels are still in motion from their own momentum, and in doing this, by some mismanagement, the iron bar got caught and driven with great fore? against his. slda, pressing him on to the ily wlieel, which hurled him round into tbe pit , bolow, where he got jammed, with Bnffioieut force to stop the expiring motion of the : machinery. He was soon released from hia posi- : tion, and Dr. Talbot was sent for, and on arrival, found him severely bruiaed, and with one arm broken. He at onoo advised his removal to the Melbourne Hospital, bat as he refused to go ho was taken to his house, whore hia j wife was lying very ill, hourly expecting her ' aooouchoment. '?? At Lung, a disgnskpg Chinese, was yester day morning committed from the Eastern Court, Ballarat, for trial at the General Ses sions on a. oharge of felonions asiRuItupona little girl four years and eleven months old, namod IVisoilla Clarko. The evidenoe, unfit lorpublioationaBit is, clearly sheets the oharge home. , .???-..? It is announced that tho favorite aotreBS, Miss Rose EvanB, has refused te fulfil her en pagement with the management of the Theatre Rsyal. The same bill of ' Not a Bad Judge ' and the 'Brido of Ahydos' was repeated at the Theatre Riyal'last evening. This evening Herr Bandmaan will appear for tho firtt time ai Charles de.Moor in Sohiller'a play of the ' Robbers.' Brough'a, bnrlesque of '? Joan oi Arofor tho Maid of AU-he-uns,' whioh is creating such. a sensation in London, is ax nounoed to be in active preparation. Letters have been received from Mr Lytter to the effect that ho haB succeeded in engaging an opera company,' and may bo expected in Melbonrno by. the mail which arrives on 21st January. Signera .Boratti is the prima donna, Signor Neri the tenor, Sig nor Deridi the baritone, and MiBS Imoy Chambers tho contralto. This lady left. Vic- toria some seven years ago to complete her musical education in Italy, and has for some timo been connected with the lyric stage ftt ?fiM/iroY^n ::«rJ 'Milan!* Tho' comnanv will ba further strengthened by Mr Beaumont, and by ah eminent baEiJO with whom Mi Lyrter was in treaty when the mail left. . ' Tho Lancashire bollringera took, a benefit last evening, but' from the small attendance it could have only been a benefit in name. This evening Mr'ChapmaH takes a benefit, and makes his last appearance in Malbourne. He willintro duce several new tricks into the programme, inoluding the historical half-dollar and the danoing queens, and will produoe the ratn ia a sackful of ghosts; A Soiree Mcsioale will be held on Wed nesday next, in tho St. Patriok's Hall, the pro ceeds to be devoted to the St. Francis band. The Sawtebs* Society held lb«j-rI1n81Iulj fortnightly meeting at tha Trades Hall, last evening. PnovEsson Hdub lectures on Monday eveii imr at the Polyteohnio Hall, on tho curative qualities of vital magnetum with ™.m«.o demonstrations aud phrenological derfceations. From the announcement the entertainment should be -worth a visit. We are requested by Mr William Otafe the secretary of the concert 'ee.ntlJ'.,heI(?,^ the WiUiamstreet school-room, in aid of tha Asylum Bazaar, to stato that there is a balance of £20 10s, derived from the entertainment, which he will be happy to hand over to - the ladies of Hotham when called upon to do so. MESSB3 AfcSTON AND BjlOWN, of CoIllM street west, have ismed a very neat and com pact ^almanack for 1870. It assumes he form of a 48*o., with a fancy cover and grtfc eflge., and altogether ia worthy a place in every lady s boudoir. .it The first ot a course of advent lectures iwiB be delivered to-morrow evening in fc-t. mu» Ohurh, Hotham, by Rw. B. Pot er, a th : 7 o'clock service. The subject will b e ?? The „ . r._ , Trr._ij „„ ..»,,onifld in Christ, and the spiritual »iuiiu»o iw- — --— . „ ; pretensions of the so called Spintista. Bbiohtoh Ladies' Bekevolent So«e^ enteSunt was highly successful and th , gpoadedto by the audience, ^ | 