NEWS AND NOTÉS. ;by a sydney man. X. Friday, January 8. As a small unavoidable gap has again occurred in my correspondence, I start from tho date of the departure of the City of Brisbano, last Tuesday. On that evening the proceedings of the Assembly occupied only a short time, but it was long enough to admit of another censure motion being placed on tho paper. Mr. Martin asked Mr. Samuel whether it was true that Mr. Duncan had been restored to his post, and, on being answered in the affirmative, notified his intention of taking an early opportunity-per- haps on the motion for going into Sup- ply or Ways and Moans-to move that tho Houso' disapproves of tho conduct of tho Government in that matter. This notice was received with cheers by " the loft," and amongst thom I think I detected the sepulchral cheor of Mr. Parkes. Slrango as it may appear to some that ho should cheer this, considering that ho professed to have resigued the Colonial Secretaryship rather than be a consenting party to Mr. Duncan's dismissal, but I'll bo bound that he will find some grandiloquent sentiment -some "immortal principle" to justify him- self when tho time comes, for anybody with half an eye can see that ho intends to voto for Mr. Martin's censure motion. That motion, however, was not brought forward on going into Committee of Supply, or Ways nnd Means, which occurred yesterday, of which more anon. Last Wednesday the Treasurer moved for leave to bring in his billyo enable Mr. Dun- can to retire upon his superannuation allow- ance. Mr. Mortin intimated that he should not offer any opposition at that stage; but Pid- dington, ond, moro savagely, Wilson, opposed the motion in limine. Tho result was that Robertson, Samuel, and Forster spoke in reply, and the debate on the Duncan question was pre- cipitated, much to the mortification of Mr. Martin, I think, for he could plaiuly see that it was unmasking the batteries he wanted to keep in reserve for the censure motion. Dr. Wil- son was terribly severe upon Mr. Duncan, declaring that ho wos entiroly unfit for his office, and that his zeal in making seizures was not caused by regard for the public service, but for that part of the fine that would fall to his share. Eagar said nothing, evidently holding himself well in hand for tho Ministerial Stnkes, whioh ho thinks will be run when the censuro motion comes on, but which I think ought to be called the Dissolution Stakes. Tho bill was brought in at last, read a first time, and ordered for tho second reading next Wed- nesday. It Btrikcs me that Mr. Martin will avail himself of that occasion to move his dis- approval vote, by way of amondmeut. In the meantime, Mr. Duncan is again Colloctor of Customs for the present ; and Messrs. Berney and Jones, after a respectful protest, havo resumed their former positions. Thoy will bo restored, however, if Duncan re- tires. The bill to enable him to do so is simply an adaptation of the provisions of tho Superannuation Act to his particular case, giving him, however, a special advantage of two years in the matter of age ; so that, though only fifty-eight years old, he is proposed to be allowed the same pension as if he were sixty. This would enable him to retire upon £700 a year, and the moaoy would not be wasted, for Mr. Duncan appears to be tho enfant terrible "of the Treasurer's department, and to possess a happy faculty of being most in his glory when he is up to his neck in mischief. In supply last night merely a formal vote was taken, and the committee reported. Tho House then went into Ways and Means, and the Trea- surer mado his statement, which was bald and plain enough, and is likoly to meet with a great deal of criticism. The state of the case is this : the revenue for 1869 is set down at £2,166,572, and the expenditure at £2,135,-449, leaving an estimated surplus of £30,763 to be carried to the credit of the year 1870. I wish you moy get it ! Even if there be any such surplus, the Supplementary Estimates will more than swallow it up, though Mr. Samuel says that he has framed his Estimates-in-Chief with a special desire to avoid supplemental charges. Then there will be £100,000 of short-dated debentures falling due, which are to be met by renewing the loan, and £184,625 is also to be bor- rowed for public works. This account current for 18G9 commences with a clean sheet, and yet the account for 1868, instead of showing a sur- plus of £17,000, as estimated by Mr. Eagar, showed a deficit of £157,451. What aioui this deficit ? The Opposition contend that it ought to have been carried over to the debit of I860, according to usual practice ; but Mr. Samuel proposes to deal separately with it-to meet it by further loans, and to establish a colonial funded debt, paying off £25,000 a year, when practicable, but to let 1809 stand upon its own meritB. As to further taxation, the Treasurer said that when necessary it should be im- posed on equitable principles. Ho depre- cated boing forced to anything further until the new Government had had a recess, when he would bring down such mcasuroB as wero deemed necessary. Tho dobate was ad- journed till Wednesday next, so that the trial of tho Ministry will commence again on that day, on two separate indictments. Most pcoplo heartily wish it all over, and a general election called for, which, it is believed, would not be refused by Lord Belmore. Talking of llis Excellency, he has lately hod a little bit of an adventure up tho country, the particulars of which havo been communicated to tho Empire. Lord Belmore and his family, as your readers aro no doubt aware, re- side now at Sutton Forest, not far from tho Southern Railway terminus, about eighty milos from Sydney. A few da) s ago the farmers of Kangaloon, in tho Wingecarribee district, were surprised by Boeing a dashing little four-wheeled turn-out, driven by a gentío man, and having a lady inside, and a servant behind, driving through tho little village. Tho mounted orderly behind told at ouco that it waB the Governor. I have said "a lady inside," but most likely the Countess rode on tho box, as she usually docs, by the sido of her husband who drives ; and very snug and cosy thoy look -the servant occupying tho body of tho littlo drug. On this occasion His Excellency, who had been paying a visit, und was roturning, had taken tho wrong road, and, after driv- ing for 6ome miles in tho dirootion of tho Jamboroo Mountain, fell in with some of the road authorities, who informed him of his mistake. By this time, how ovor, tho carriago had got into a fix amongst tho rocks. The horses had to bo tukon out, and while tho Governor took charge of thom, and all the othor males, including lho orderly, had to sot to work to got the carriago into the "fair- way," tho Countess was told off to duty to load tho orderly's charger-so all handB mado thom solves useful. Tho district whero this occurred will one day bo a sourco of prido to this colony. It is ontiroly occupied by froo selectors fine, honest, induBtrioiu, intelligent fellows, who aro rapidly making "tho wilderness to blos- som liko tho rose." After tho car- riago had been got fairly upon the road, tho Countess would not allow the people to take any further trouble, mid the Earl drove off to- wards Throsby Park. This little adventure will enable tho Govomor to form somo opinion for himself as to whether tho freo selectors aro oattlo thioves and bushrangers, bb somo havo wanted to show. Tho wugB down hero say that His Excollenoy was going to sock an interview with Parkes' Jamboroo ghost. By tho way that interminable Kiama mystery waa boforo tho Assombly again yesterday. The Herald had published a paragraph purporting to bo un ubstruot of whut had hoon dono be- fore tho coinmitteo of inquiry upon this subject up to tho prosont timo, but it was so ovidontly a " cookod" affair, to servo a purposo, that Mr, Macleay brought tho matter before tho Houso yesterday, us a breach of privilego not ob ii charge aguuiBt tho proprietors of the Herald, but bocnuBo tho information muBt have bopn furniBliod by a iiiombor of the committoo, and waa, moreover, fulsoly colored. 'Tho ob joot ovidontly wub to bIiow that tho tendency of tho ovidunco wub convincing the coinmitteo that a Foniau conspiracy had really oxisted for tho murdor of Pnnoo Alfred. This tondenoy was donied by Ml'. Muoloay und other members of the committee. Mr. Parkes was openly denounced as tho author of . this new plot, and ho did not venture to deny it, but merely said that on former occa- sions reporters of the press had been admitted to Solect Committees, and allowed to publish tho proceedings ! As if this could bo any ex- cuse for a mernbor of tho committee, himself interested, supplying surreptitiously a falsely colored report to the papers, and thus endea- voring to anticipate the report of the coinmitteo itself, or to cast discredit upon it when it ar- rives. Tho subject was allowed to drop for the present, but thoro can be no question that Parkes is digging his political grave as fast as he can. The Viotorian papers to hand to-day contain an exciting account of a dreadful bush fire that occurred at Gladstone, a small mining village on Maximilian Creek, Gipps-land, on Christmas Eve. Everything belonging to the poor people was destroyed, and men, women, and children with difficulty saved their lives by huddling into drives and tunnels till the great fire had spent itself. The wild animals of the bush took to the water. One of the men at Gladstone having saved some blankets, threw them into a water-hole, but was obliged to jump after them himself, as the flames were upon him. He thus saved himself, being able to hold his head above water and kept the wet blanket over it, but he had a strange componían-a large wallaby, which shared with him exactly the same means of safety. The following is worth republishing : " A man named Patrick Kenna relates that on Christmas Eve he was proceeding from Lee's Creek, which is fifteen miles further up in the mountains, and when within a mile of Gladstone he met the fire. Finding it impossible to make his way through the burning bush, he made all possible speed down a spur to the main (Free- stone) creek, and on reaching the stream he lay down, almost fainting with the heat, close to a largo sheet of water. He was not long left alone, for in a short time he was surrounded with wallabies, opossums, and pheasants, almost innumerable. Of the latter he states that he counted 217. Fourteen wild cattle also rushed down the ranges and plunged into the stream. After waiting for some time Kenna endeavored to make a passage down Freestone Creek, and after walking ten miles with a fire burning on both sides of the creek, he joined the sufferers at Gladstone." Sorry enough was I to see the report of another fire in Queen-street, but adversity tries a man as the fire tries steel, and I doubt not that the pluck which has survived so many mis- fortunes will be equal to the present occasion. You will have had particulars already of the burning of St. Mary's temporary cathedral, The meeting on Tuesday evening, at St. Mary's Seminary, for the purpose of raising a rebuild- ing fund, was presided over by Archbishop Polding, and largely attended. About £400 was subscribed to begin with. The whole loss is about £4000, but £1500 of this is covered by insurance. Some unworthy suspicious havo been started as to the fire being the result of sectarian malice, but the inquest is now going and I do not think it will appear that there are the slightest grounds for such an imputation. 