.THE SCIOLIST.' ■ TYc want to know, you know.—Dickens. ■ Hie day what, is to be, famous in tbe world's history, for the;devastating ravages of the great tidal wavethe day on which ISeptune is: to -vindicate his power, and Geelong to have a water supply which she does mot -bargain for; the day on which, | according to the Age, the new ministry are 1 to be relegated back to_ the oblivion from whence thej spnmg;'the-great fifth of October is fast approaching. -The most effective means are being taken to ensure safety' during the perilous interval.' The Mayor and Town Council have provisioned the; town clock, and have arranged tore ceive. a limited number on that ark of refuge. A speculator is about to erect a camp on the heights of -Station Peak;to afford temporary shelter to the refugees. The gaol is monopolised by the J.P's of the district. and their friends', for myself: I have secured a refuge * at the - top of "Volum's chimney, and have laid on a-sub-; marine cable and graduated the pole in; chalk so as to telegraph the rise of the; inundation to Mr Ellerjy who wilL observe;' it from the top of- Sandridge sugar works.; These • precautions being taken, nothing' remains but calmly and'patiently to wait; the issue. ; , - . -.. j AVhile railway reform, is on the lapis,. and while we.have a Commissioner in office' who has a will besides that of the Tile: Barnacles of his department, I should like' to see some really radical changes in all the carriages that are in future to be put on the. line. Why may not the old ingenious' instruments of torture be done away with ultogether ? Why. because I want to tra vel a hundred miles, am I obliged to be boxed in a "cell 8 feet by 4, with sundry other unfortunate victims, like sardines in j a case ? A railway journey need not be I unpleasant, but under the present regime j it cannot be otherwise. An American traveller says that nothing shows the un social habits of the English more than their ! railway carriages. I defy Socrates to carry out his philosophy when he'lias to practise it vis a vis with a vulgar female and a baby ; or an old gentleman with a bad asthma; or, worse than all, a conventional swell, who is ot a communicative ; disposi tion. -The American carriages are like palaces, and one niay travel for days—eat, drink, and sleep in them without feeliug inconvenience; but a two hours' journey on our national railways is enough to lay one up for a week. There is another thing that calls for attention—the mono poly of newspapers and refreshments at the stations. A dilapidated individual sold me an Argus for sixpence; and told me with a diabolical grin he charged the same for all the newspapers. At the AVerribee you are charged sixpence for a cup of coffee, and the same for a two penny bun winch throws you into the horrors of indigestion far a week. These may appear small things, but it is these little things that gall the tribe; the public arc iing-sufieriiig under mal-adininistra tion ; they can stand robbery; they can smile Avhilc.the .Upper House is in .exist ence; but, to be charged .sixpence for a .stale bun is enough to raise an insurrection. my Avord for it, the minister who is not; above looking after these things is' the' one, At ho has the best chance of becomim* popular. An adA-enturous hand of spirits," led, doubtless; by the^ghost of- Captain Cooke, have found out' there is such a place in the universe as Australia. ..America is over-, populated; their peculiar, industry. is in ' excess of the demand in Europe; so a ship load or tAA-q of these ghostly immigrants resolving5 to' seek fiesh; fields and pastures new, have found their way to our shores. Arriving at /Melbourne they forth\yith set up- in' business. Chairs, "tables, and eld hats are taken Avith unaccountable salta tory fits. ' "Worthy old gentlemen: and Avorthy old ladies; shy old bachelors and prim uncertain-aged spinsters; gushing young Lotharios and :" bashfiil ; young maidens; are alike smitten Avith , the influence. Thumbs and little fingers are placed together, and youug Dobbs asks Miss Togs whether she does not feel the electric current. Hot but what the spirits make mistakes sometimes. Eor 'instance, the Ghost , of "Walldngame informed the •company that Miss. Jemima' Scraggs. had turned——, but of course the answer Avas absurdly Avrong, thereby shoAving the fal lacy of the doctrine of-spiritual progres sion, and that Walkingame has forgotten his arithmetic up above. It appears that . Father UatheAv, endeavored to start a tee total society, but,: as all the dealers are licensed to sell only spirituous liquors, the : proposal fell through. The spirits have paid flying visits to Geelong, and Avriting, drawing, ana table-rapping are being carried on in a very spirited manner. It is proposed.to send bulletins from the Avorld ' of spirits by means of one of these Avritirig mediums, and .to set up a spiritual: post office in order to facilitate communications Avith absent friends. A colonial Mumler, too, has been found, ,\yho, for a considera tion, \riil supply. sorroAA'ing survivors Avith .'portraits of deceased friends. They have had manifestations, ■ too, in the far west, hut the spirits have been rather shy; they complain of 'the roads, and promise to , pay more frequent visits Aylien the Western Railway is laid dorvn." Werily, Aveli\'eina great age.' We r thought the Menai brridgc something the Thames tun nel Avas regarded as somewhat of' a ifeat; hut to bridge over the Styx, and enable anybodyitbat chooses to hold communica-' tion-Avith Shakespere,- or converse.; Avith BobbyBnrn's ; to get beforehand- an- idea of Avhat the cookery is in Proserpine's kit chen';' this is a triumph5 Avorthy of our age. Let us bear no more of " that bourne from Avheuce no .traA'eller returns." Such a state of things only belonged'- to "the dark ages.;: : An eccentric genius the other day won dered hoAV many of the dogs that Avau dered about the streets are registered, and actually betrayed bis lamentable ignorance by asking me whether there Avas such an officer as a toAvn inspector, attached-to the corporation, and when: I pom ted out to him the fact that such a .person did exist, andthatmore than that he Avas an ex tremely activ'e and intefiigent.functionary, he remarked AA'ith a drooping of the left eye-lid Avhich I am at a loss'to explain, " Walker." : As I thought he avos labour ing under a mistake, I told, hhn, that the active and intelligentfunctionary's name Avas .not " Widker," and that further, I myself entertained a firm and deep-rooted conAnction that every dog was registered, and that the consequence of non-registra tion were instant death to . the dog, and pains and penalties unknown to, the dog's remissful owner. Lest any should be labour ing under the same illusion as my eccentric friend, I gladly and boldly thus record my firm and undoubted; conviction that our Avorthy. tOAvn inspector, like Argus, has a hundred ejes,- and can attend to markets, dogs, and .nuisances Avith the greatest case, and bestow a strict surveillance upon each and all of them. 