SPEECH DAYS. Tlh annual Speech Days of our educa tional establishments have again come round', reminding us of the near approach of Christmas, and filling those who enjoy quietude with dismay at the irruption of young barbarians which for the next month at least they will have to endure. BuLt our business fiere is not to moralise but to re cord. So to work. WESLEY COLLEGE. This College followed in the fashion now becoming general-and a very good fashion, too--of preluding the actual breaking up by an afternoon devoted to an exhibition of athletic sports. These were held last Saturday, o the Warehousemen's Cricket ground on the St. Kilda road, and were numerously attended by the parents and friends of the pupils. The following are the events in detail: ATHLETIC SPORTS. The 100 Yards Maiden Race: I. Sides, 1st; W. Rogers, 2nd. The Chamnpionship of the Col- loge, 100 Yards: W. Moonie. lst; J. Lupton, 2nd ; W. Rogers, 3rd. 440 Yards: J. Lupton, 1st; W. Rogers, 2nd ; R. Sides, 3rd. 880 Yards: J. Lupton, Ist; W. Rogers, 2nd. Total on the three events, J. Lupton, 13 ; W. Rogers, 8. The 150 Yards Flat Race: W. Newman, lst; W. Rogers, 2nd; J. Oakley, 3rd. The 440 Yards Flat Race-: J. Symons, Ist; H. Fryer, 2nd; W. Welshlman. 3rd. The Old Collegian Race, 100 Yards : J. C. Stephena, 1st, ; G. Daniel, 2nd ; J. Donovan 3rd. The 440 Yards: G. Dlaniel, 1st; J. C. Stephens, 2nd. 880 Yards: G.Daniel, Ist: J. C. Stephens, 2nd. Total on the three events: G.Daniel, 13; J. C. Stephens, 11. The 300 Yards Flat Race: J. Lupton, lst; A. C. S. Faser, 2nd ; D Flockhart, 3rd. Throwing the Cricket Ball: R. Sides, lst, 79 yards. In at pri- tate match got up shortly afterwards. W. Wearne won the event, throwing 93 yards. The Running Long Leap: W. J Lewis, Ist; W. Rogers, 2nd; 16 feet 5 inches anld 16 feet 3 inches respectively. Vaulting with the Pole: J. Lupton, Ist, 7 feet 8 inches. Running High Leap: R. Sides, lst; W. Rogers, 2nd ; 4 feet 9 inches. The 440 Yards Flat Race: W. Moonie, Ist; E. Pierce, 2nd; J. Claverdon, 3rd. The One Mile Flat Race: J. Claverdon, lst; W. Welshman, 2nd; J. Craig, 3rd. The 440 Yards Hurdle Race: J. Lupton, Ist; W. Newman, 2nd; R. Sides, 3rd. Consolation Stakes (under 14): W. Senior, 1st; R. Wright, 2nd. Consolation Stakes (open): H. Fryer, Ist; J. Oakley, 2nd. SPEECH DAY, St. George's Hall was filled on Wednesday by the boys and their friends to celebrate this annual red-letter day, which passed off with much eclat. His Excellency the Governor presided. The pro- ceedings were opened by the singing of a hymn and the offering up of a short prayer, after which the business of the day was entered on by the perform- ance of the first part of the printed programme. PART I. Recitations-".,The Young Orator,"' Osborne; ' Uni- versal Emancipation," Curran, Johnston, ma ; "The Ocean," Byron, Chambers, mi.; "Lenore," E. A. Poe, Griffin. Part Song-'Let us as Brothers " Recitation--" Mary's Ghost," Hood, Hull. Reading--' Nathan a Reply to David," Moors, mi. Recitations--"The Sea Captain's Story," Bulwer Lytton, Atkins ; " Renzi to the Romans," Mitford, Beauchamp, Part Song-" April Song " " Thle Flying Frenchman."-Frenchman, Little; Eng- lish shopkeeper Robertson; Policeman, Lyons? Mayor of the Borough, Shaw. Reading--" .Sydneey Carton and the Poor Seemstress at the foot of the Guillotine,' Dickens, Hart, ma. Recitation-" Selection from a Speech on the American War," Chatham, Antrobus. PAST II. Part Song"-" The Foot Traveller." 'The Quarrel Scene from " Douglas," Home. Norval, Hart. ma ; Glenalvon, Cooke; Lord Randolph, Sides. Recitations--" Tlhe Battle of Ivry,' Macaulay, FIock- lhart, ma.; " Destruction of Sennacherib. ' Byron, Hart, mi.; " I'll find a way or make it," Mackay, Robertson. Part Song-Music everywhere. Scene from " Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme." Moliere.- M. Jourdain, Whitney, ma. ; Le Maitre d'Armes, Wright max., Le .Maitre de Danse, Chambers, ma ; Le Malitre de Musique, Welshmnan, ma ; Le Maitre de Philosophie, Craig. Recitations--" Driving Home the Cows," Anon., Hill, mi.; ' The Burial of Moses,' Alexander, Flockhart, mi. Part Song --Christmas Carol. Scene from "The Blind Beggar of Bethnal Green" Old Small, Atkins; Young Small, Beauclamp, ma.; Peter, Chambers The recitation by Atkins and Beachamp, ma., were exceedingly well done; and the reading by Hart, ma., in the first part, could scarcely have been improved upon. In short, in the recitations and in the short scenes from plays that were introduced, the boys showed that they had been in the hands of an able trainer (Mr. T. P. Hill) In music, the display the boys made was not so striking, but it was nevertheless pleasing. The Rev. James Waugh spoke with satisfaction of the success the school had met with, considering its comparative juvenility, and of the voluntary tes- timony which had been borne by parents and others to the character of its educational and general management. The committee had the greatest con- fidence in their learned and indefatigable head master, and the staff of teaehers by whom he was surrounded. He had succeeded in forming a valu- able library for the boarders, and they would have full use of it during next year. A few months ago the front of the building was finished in accordance with the original plans of the architect. The com- mittee have undertaken large additions to the col- lege, at a cost of more than £2,000. By this ex- tension a large dining-hall, a swimming bath, dormi- tories, classrooms, and other apartments would be added to the building. These would be ready for occupation at the end of the Christmas holidays. Two vacancies for day scholars, which the original subscribers had the power of filling up without pay- ing fees, had occurred, and would be filled up in January by election. The rev. gentleman finished by reminding His Excellency that he did them the honour of presiding at their first speech-day, three years ago. Dr. Corrigan, as head-master, submitted a report upon educational operations during the year. The number of pupils in attendance during the year was 193, including 56 resident boarders. During the last session the numbers in attendance was 173, embracing 48 boarders, under which head were not included day pupils who dine at the college. The entire number in attendance for the past 12 months included pupils from the neighbouring colonies of New South Wales, South Australia, Western Aus- thalia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, in fact, all the Australian colonies except Queensland were repre- sented. Since the opening of the college the num- bers had stood as follows:-At the close of (the first year) 1866, 80 pupils; 1867, 120 pupils; at the close of 1868, 150 pupils; during the last session this year, 173 pupils. Dur- ing the first and second years a consider- able majority of the pupils were under 12 years of age, in the third year the numbers under and over 12 were nearly equal, while this year a large majority were over 12. Those who entered four years ago at from 9 to 10, were now advanced to the highest classes, and were amongst the best and most promising pupils. During this year three had obtained certificates from the board of ex- aminers of the Civil Service, and 12 went up to the examination held on the 10th ult., the result of which had not yet been annonnced. They presented themselves for matriculation in the Melbourne Uni- versity, and passed creditably. Six more would be prepared for matriculation in February next. The number was increasing from year to year. A for- mer student has recently obtained second class honours and a Universily exhibition in his second year. Though the college had not time to compete for many of the higher University distinctions, it asserted its claims to an honourable place amongst the sister institutions of Victoria, towards which they entertainbd the mst cordial goodwill. It was even a source of gratification that while the numbets at Wesley College were increasing from quarter to quarter, the griowth of the college had not, to any perceptible extent, been made at the expense of the older public schools. The Draper scholarship had again induced spirited and close competition. Its object was to induce the youth who obtained it, add who would otherwise pass away from the school, to remain anothor year to prepare for the University. This year, as well as last, that object had been fully accomplished. It would, however, greatly serve the interests of higher education if steps were taken to supplement the Draper scholar- ship by the endowment of an exhibition of the Univirsity. In speaking of the attain- ments of the boys, and paying a high tribute to his assistants Dr. Corrigan stated that recent search- ing examinations had in many eases shown profi- ciency of a high order. By far the most important aspect of a school was its moral tone-its influence on the formation of character-and in this respect, more than any other, had improvement been mani- fest. His Excellency having delivered an appropriate and encouraging speech, then the distribution of the prizes took place. We subjoin the prize list: SPECIAL PRIZES. Draper Scholarship, £25-Wright, max. By Mr. J. L. Sherrard, for the pupil passing the best University matriculation examination, £10- Hart, ma: By Mr L. J. Sherrard, for prox. assess. in Draper Scholarship examination, books, value £5 5s. Moss. By Mr J. L. Sherrard, for highest percentage of total marks obtainable in lower division of Upper School, books, value £5 5s-Johnston, ma:, Moors, mi., equal. By Mir Thomas Newton, for highest marks ob- tained by pupils under 12 years of age, books, value £3 3s-Blackie. President's prize for exemplary conduct in the house, awarded by the boarders-Fryer, mi. Head master's prize for best essay on " Patriot- ism," books. value £2 2s--Sides. By Mr J. Clezy, B.A, for best poem on " The Crusades," books, value £2 2s -Atkins. By Mr J. R. Needham, for the pupil showing most improvement in writing during the session, a handsome writing desk-Smithi, ma. Suspplementary prize for marked proficiency considering age--Welshman, ma. GENERAL PROFICIENCY. Class 6--Hemmy. Class 5-Stoddart. Class 4 -Monie. Class 3-Smith, ma. Class 2-Law- rance. Class 1-Senior Division : Hobbs. Junior Division : Vail. BIBLE. Class 4-Third Division : Wearne, ma. Second Division: Straw, ma. First Division: Slaney. Class 3-Senior Division : Sayce, ma. Junior Division: Antrobus. Class 2-Senior Division: Smith, ma, JuniorDivision : Parker. Class I- Plaisted. CLASSICS. Class 7-Atkins. Class 6-Watts; Johnston, 2nd. Class 5-Griffln, mai. ; Cook, mi., 2nd. Clases 4.-Monie; Kingham, 2nd. Class 3 Rogers ; Smithl, ma, 2nd. Class 2-Kent. Class 1-. Paker. Hobbs, 2nd. MATHEMATICS. Arithmetic.-Class 6-Wright. max.; Rogers, 2nd. Class 5-Evans; Peirce, 2nd. Class 4 Moors, mi.; Oakley, ma., 2nd. Class 3-Lewis, mi.; Blackie, 2nd. Class 2-Ducket; Beau- champ, mi., 2nd. Class 1--Second Division: Baker. First Division : Burrows. Geometry. Class 4-Johnston, ma. Class 3--Watts. Class 2-Whitney, ma.; Rolfe (equal). Class 1-Booth. Algebra.-Class 2 -Senior Division : Wright, max. Junior Division : Hemmy, Class 1--Senior Division: Whitney, ma. Junior Division : Sy- mons. NATURAL SCIENCE. Sides. Lecturer's Special Prize for Note Book. Sides. ENGLISH. Grammar, Composition, and Dictation.-Class 6: Atkins. Class 5: Wright, ma.; Stoddart, 2nd. Class 4: Rogers; Rolfe, 2nd. Class 3: Moors, mi.; Watsford, 2nd. Class 2: Smith, ma.; Parker, 2nd. Class 1: Hobbs: Burrows, 2nd. History-Class 7 : Atkins. Class 6-Hemmy. Class 5: Straw, ma.; Stoddart, 2nd. Class 4: Farquhar; Lyons, ma., 2nd. Class 3 : Robertson; Hervey, 2nd. Class 2: Lawrance. Class 1 Senior Division: Moors, mi. Geography- Class 5: Hemmy; Newman, 2nd. Class 4: Stoddart; Rogers, 2nd; Tulloch, ma., for map drawing. Class 3 : Chambers, max,; Griffin, ma. Class 2 : Moors, ma., Farquhar, 2nd. Class 1 : Whitney mi. ; Hobbs, 2nd. Special Prize for best Essay by pupils under 12 -Beauchamp, mi.; Chambers, min., equal. Special Prize for best Essay, by pupils under 10-Fraser, mi.; Johnston, mi., equal, MIODERN LANGUAGES. French-Class 7-Whitney, ma. Class 6 Wright, ma.; Shaw, ma. Class -Moors, mi,; Monie, 2nd. Class 4-Harper, Chambers, max., 2nd. Class 3-Flockart., ma. Class 2-Goodall, Smith, ma., 2nd. Class 1-Senior Division: Par- ker; Hobbs,2nd. Junior Division-Ready, Brown, 2nd. German-Whitney, ma. PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL WRITING AND BOOK KEEPING. Class 6-Wright, ma.; Welshman, max., 2nd. Class 5.-Symons, Tulloch, ma., 2nd. Class 4 Monie; Dalkin, mi., Farquhar, 2nd. Class 3 Evans. Class 2-Senior, Azzoppardi, equal. Class I.-Senior Division: Hobbs. Junior Di- vision: Brown; Fryer, mi., 2rid. Supplementary Prize for Ornamental Writing and Illuminating-Symons. READING AND ELOCUTION. Class 3-Atkins; Beauchamp, ma., 2nd. Class 2-Flockhart, mi.; Robertson, 2nd. Class 1 Osborne. DRAWING AND PAINTING. Oil and Water-colour Painting.- Wearne, ma. Figure Drawing in Crayon-Straw, ma. Ornamental and Landscape Drawing-Chambers, max ; Welshman, max. Pencil Drawing-Hobbs. Drawing Master's Prize, for the pupil showing most improvement during the session--Sayce, ma. MUSIC. Instrumetal Dalkin, mi.; Strawr, ma. Vocal-Beauchamp, ma. GYMNASTICS. Class 3-Monie; Little, second. Class 2-Tulloch, ma. Class 1-Hemmy. Special Prize, by Mr. Metzger-Wearne, ma. The prizes won at the athletic games were then presented to the winners by Miss Manners Sutton, it being explained by Dr. Corrigan that these prizes had been subscribed for by the boys them- selves. The recipients of the prizes were as follows: Old Collegian's race (silver cup). G. H. Daniel; championship of college, Lupton, ma.; maiden race, 100 yards, Sides; flat race, 440 yards, Symons; flat race, 300 yards, Lupton, mi.; throwing crlcket ball, Sides; running long leap, Lewis, ma.; vaulting with a pole, Lupton, ma.; running high leap, Sides; flat race, 440 yards, Monie; one mile flat race, Cleverdon; hurdle race, 440 yards, Lupton, ma.; consolation stakes under 12, Senior; consolation stakes, over 12, Fryer, ma. On the motion of the Rev. J. Bickford, seconded by Mr J. Sherrard, a vote of thanks was given to His Excellency the Governor; and on the motion of the Rev. J. Dare, seconded by Mr. Welshman, a similar compliment was paid to Miss Manners Sutton. The National Anthem having been sung, the boys gave three cheers each for the" Governor," "Lady Manners Sutton," "Miss Manners Sutton," "' the head master," and "the president." The Benediction brought all to a close. 