r. THE RIGHT OF WOMEN T« TOTE. '* In the Court of Common Piens on 6 November 9, Lord Chief Justice Bovill, a with Justices Willes, Byles, and Keat J ing sitting in banco, judgment was ~ given in toe ease of 'OborltoD, sppel * Mat, «. Linn, respondent,' the appeal ?£ from a decision of the revising barrister '* for Manehnster, which was argued on ' ' November 7. The Lord Chiet Justice 68 and the o'her judges delivered separate w judgments, but they all agreed that ot there was not sufficient authority for '' aafiog that by the common law women ?* fad bad a right to vote for members of 'a Parliament ; whilst, on the other hand, n there was the uninterrupted practloe of ot centuries to show that women had not lJ voted. There was no reported case in '? favour of the vote, except that in a note '* to ' Olive «. Ingrain' there was refer » «nce to s manuscript report of a case to '' show that women could vote. This a note was only to be found in 7 'Modern 6 Reports,' whilst there was no reference * to any suoh case|in Strange ; and Lord ''' Coke gave bis express opinion the * other way. In his (the Chief Jus * lise's) opinion the Reform Act oi 186? £ in saying that men should vote,elthoagh k considered in conjunction with Sir John 8 Bomilly's Act, did not entitle women '?? to vote. The term men in the Reform 8 Act did not inolude vomen ; and even * if it did, then women wonld come ' within the term ' incapacitated.' For : these reasons he thought that the de \- cision of the revising barrister refusing » the voto should be affirmed, but he also thought that it was a case in which no } costs should be allowed. Mr. Justioe | Bylss SBid that he hoped that their ~ maaimous decision, eonpled with the ?mammons decision of the Court of ' AefMW in Scotland, would for erer [; exorcise aad lay this ghost oi a doubt t Which ought never to have arisen, t «UfLW*r «0Mf-SNSATtOK CASE. i In the -3ourt of Queen's Benoh' on r Novenber 26, the Lord Chief Justice, i H with a special jury, beard the cubb of i ? 'Bereslord and Wife v. the London \- I and North Western Railway Company.' ? This was an action to recover compen ' Utioa for injnries received by Lady * Elicabeth Beresford, wife of Sir George ? de la Poer Beresford, Bart. The only question for the jury wu the amount of damages. On the night of the 6th of November, 1867, Lady Elicabeth Beretford left London by the mail train for Edinburgh. On arriving at Carlisle the following morning, the guard in formed her ladyship that the train would stop for nine minutes, and that ; die refreshment room was open. Her ladyship was about to alight with the assistance of the guard when the train I suddenly moved on, and she was thrown on the platibrm, the guard falling upon her She went on to Edinburgh, trans acted her business there, and arrived in London on the 10th. She was then so ill that she had to call in a medical nan, and she had not yet reoovered tram the injury she bad received. Before the conclusion oi the plaintiff's case an arrangement was come to, and a verdict was taken for the plaintiff for £1,250. The Lord Chief Justioe (who had heard evidence as to the extent of the injuries, which appeared to be very serious) said he oould only say be ad* mired the plaintiff's moderation. A LADY SttKD FOB BBBACH OF PB0 MI1B 0* MARRIAGE, An inquiry took place on the 25th of November, before the Master of the wort of Queen's Bench, Dublin and a jury of sit, to assess damages in an aotion which was brought to recover compensation laid at £2,000 for braaoh of promise of marriage. The plaintiff, Mr Thomas Jackson Marks, lived near M Anise, in the county of Loutb, and in ? I860 he entered into an engagement to ? ban/ the female defendant, Mrs Row ! M Una. then Miss Smith, who also Jived ? » the county of Loutb, After apsu time the engagement was broken off, and the plaintiff then went to New Westminster, in British Columbia. While there a correspondence was opened between him and Miss Smith, which led to a renewal of the marriage engagement. The letters that passed were of the most affectionate character, and prophesied the happiness the parlies would enjoy when the engagement was ratified. In August, 1867, the plaintiff sold off the farm in Columbia to come home to get married. When he reached Canada, a letter awaited him from Miss Smith, stating that she could not really love him, that the supposed affection was a mistake, and that the engage ment must be broken off. She shortly afterwards married Mr Rowland, wbo wrote to the plaintiff, stating that he had long possessed the affections of the young lady. The letters between the parties were read to the jury, and the injury to the plaintiff by the lady's recession from her engagement com mented on. It was alleged that the plaintiff disposed of his farm and left Columbia only because he expected to marry the defendant. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff— damages £200. 