LOCAL NEWS! St. Peter's, East Maitland -On Thursday evening a paiochisl meeting m connection with the above obnrob was held in the new sohool-roomB, East Maitland. There was a large attendance of parishioners, and the Bev. Loviok Terrell presided. Ile committee of the p rjchial association brought np tbe annual report, whiob, alter expressing thankfulness to Almighty God tor past successes referred to the visit to England and return of tne incumbent, the Key L. Tyrrell (to whom the oom mittee desired to accord a oordial welcome), íecognised the manner in whioh the spiritual wants of tbe parish bad been supplied m the interim by the Lord Bishop and the Rev. C. D Newman; announced that the collections last ye*r had not deoreased, as the parish had contributed the required sum (£210) towards the stipend fund, besides £60 to the Rev. «r. Tyrrell before bis departure, congratulated the parishioners npon the opening ot the oburch school, and its effioieut and prosperous condition under the management of air and Mrs. tswan and assist- ant teaohers, oomphmeoted the organist and cboir upon the painstaking and «.ffiaient manner in which the ohoral part ot the servioes were oonduoted ; and intimated that Mr Tyrrell had brought out with him from England a new bell, which he had kindly presented to the parish. The report fortler announoad that a debt of £425 still remained due on the school, aod recommended the ini- tiation of some steps to relieve it. The Rev Mr. Terrell, it was said, had promised to deliver some leo tures in aid of this object. Baferenoe was also made to the rite of confirmation administered on the 7th instant to sixty-three applicants. Some particulars aere then given of the oondition of the chnrobes at Largs, Mount Vincent, Bnohanan, and four Mile Creek, and the report oonoluded bv urgiog inoreased efforts for the spread of the gospel.-1 he mot on for adoption of the report was moved by Mr. J. N Brunker, and seconded by Mr 0. J. bmuhers, and oarried unanimously A second proposition, accepting an offer of the Lord Bishop to advance £50 by way ot loan towards the p»jment of the £100 required by the rules of the bj nod to the end of February, 1869, and authorising repayment from the parish funds, was agreed to, on the motion of Mr. H. O'Meigher, seconded by Mr. t. Bill, and supported by Mr. F. A. Wilson. The thud resolution which wbb pro- pose! by the Rev. 0. D. .Newman, and seconded by Mr Dent' gtoo thanked the officers o tbechurah, the super- intendent and teachers of tbe munday sohool, the organ- ist and oboir, and the collectors, tor tbe services ren- dered ; and appointed the Rev. 0 D Newman, Messrs Bell. O'Meagher, Hughes, Wilson, Smithers, Enooh Cob- croft, Q. Clilt, J. K. Allen, F. W Fe*rse, and T. Hanks (with power to add to their number), as collectors for 1868 This motion was agreed to, and the meeting closed. SUGAR Mills at the Macleay Rivier-The Mac- leay Herald of the ) 5th coutains an elaborate descrip- tion ot the new sugar mill recently erected at West Kempsey, by Mr. S. Verge, and also of the Macleay River Sugar Company's Mill, at Fredertoton,near Christ- mas Creek. Mr. Verge's mill, it seems, is driven by an engine of 15 or 20 horse-power; the boiler is of Cornish construction, 17½ feet long, and 4 feet in diameter ; the cast-iron fly wheel is eight feet in diameter, and weighs about a ton and a half. The rollers are 3 feet long by 2 feet ia diameter, and are placed horisontallv-one above two-each roller weighing two tons. The cane ia placed on a slanting feed-board, whence it descends between the rollers ; the juice, as it is expressed, tails into a vat beceith, and ii oonveyed thenoa into the defeoators by a tin spout. The oana, after the juioe is orushed out, is delivered on to a board on the other side ot the rollers, and is then raked into the yard. The i defeoators are large pans made of linob cast iron, each capable of boldiog 300 gallons ; they are set io brick-wot k, and are heated bv fares from travelling fur naoes. The juioe is drained off from the det.oators by a tap into the first battery pan, and ia afterwards ladled iaio the other pans. These battery pans consist of three cast-iron pans, oapable of holding 300, 25(1, and 150 gallons of juioa respectively. Af i er sufficient evaporation cas taken place iu these, the liquor is ladled into the finishing pan, made of copper ¿-lach thick ; from here the liquor is let off by a tap and pipe into galvanised iron coolers. In the caoling-hoaseis theoen triturai, worked by a leather band from a shaft eonneoted with the main building. The basket is composed of perforated copper, measuring 2 feet 6 inohes across, and 12 ¡nobes deep. The molasses discharges itself into tubs, and the sugar remains on the inside of the basket, whence it is removed by sooops. A steam injeo ion pipe from the engine is used to clean this maohine. The whole of the machinery at these works was manufactured by Messrs. Chapman, Brothers, of Sydney.-At the Frederiolon Mill the rollers are 3 feet long, by 2 ieet 4 iuobes in diameter, and weigh 15 cwt. each ; tbey are driven by a 14 horse- power vertical steam engine, the fly wheel of whioh is 11 feet 4 inohes in dia- meter, and weighs 2 J tons. The juice is oonveyed from the rollers into two 400 gallon dei'toating tanks, heated by steam; tbenoe It passes through filters into a feeding t»nk, whioh supplies an appiratu» similar to Fryer's Coucretor. It consists of leo oast-iron trays, 3 feet by 6 feet, 6 inohes deep, with divisionsabootsixinobesapart, placed cross ways; these ten trays are all bolted firmly together-total length, 30 feet-the juice by this ingé- nions oontrivance having to pass over a heated surface of about 350 feet. This is accomplished by the peculiar arrangement of the divisiocsin the trays and 600 gallons of defecated juioe oan be rednoed per hour. The juioe then goes into an iron tank until required for the vacuum pan, which is a costly affair, being principally made of copper. It oonsists of a large copper sphere, resembling a still in appearance, into whioh, when a vaouum has been obtained by a powerful air pump, the syrup from the last-named tank beneath the flooring, is snoked np and boi'ed for a oertain time, by means of a worm inside heated by steam, and an iron jaoket outside also heated by steam. When sufficiently boiled, the vaonum is discharged by turning on a small brass cook. The bottom of the vacuum pan is then opened by means of a lever, and the syrnp in a thick mass is allowed to run into a wooden cooli r. After remainiag in the cooler some time, the syrup íb theo plaoed in the centrifugal machine, whioh consists of a stout oast-iron oylinder, 24 inohes in depth, and 40 inches in diameter, inside of which a smaller oylinder, with perforated sides, revolves at the rate of 1500 revolutions per minute. The tresole is thus thrown out, and roos into a tank beneath, leaving the bisket oylinder full of fine white dry sugar, ready for packing. The tri ade is generally boiled a second time, when a darker colored sugar is produced. Tnese works are the property of gentlemen in Sydney. Ahothkb Cattle Plaook- a new and lormidable cattle disease has broken out in the United States. It is a kind of malignen t fever, attended with oougb, oauaiog death on the third or fourth day. Post mortem examina- tions show that many internal organs are affeoted-the langs, air-passages, kidcejs. the bladder, the spleen, the heart, Jiver, and the stomach. Dp to the latest infor- mation, tbe veterinary dootors were unable to cure it. It is high'i.y oon.te.gious, bot in a peculiar way only. It is unknown in Texas or Florida, but was first seen m May or June, 1868. in a large mob of Texan Oittle, when travers- ing for food the prairies between T>ias and Illinois. It wssnolioed that as these cattle passed, the 'ocal oattle died after feeding on the grass which had been grazed by the travelling mob. By the time the traveling oittle reaohed Illinoi*, in June, the dil a ehad become a ma]ig. « nant fever, and it immediately attacked the Illinois herds like a pestitenoa, and rapidly advanced into the neighbouring State of Indiana. home Illinois cattle, sent by train to Pittsburg and to Kew York, oommunio»ted the disease to the cattle of Pennsylvania and the slate of New York, and created the greatest consternation. The only reassuring feature in the new peBtis that while the infection is readily taken by the oattle in a new Jooality from any imported beasts, these local pstients do not seem to communicate the infeotion to any other local herds. Two theories have . been b'oacbed to account for the new disease-ona, that the original cattle had partaken of poisonous herbs, in their original pastures, not deadly enough to kill them, bat oansing them to leave a deadly excrement on the pastures they trailed tbroog^j and the other that some new and unknown conditions had proved favourable to the germination of some i>ew inseot parasites, whose aotion within tba animal led to the f*W> It is stated ' that the aew disease differs in many reapeoí? from the i rinderpest that has ravaged tbe herds in England; Snd also from tbe plenro-poenmenia that has destroyed so ] many Australian oattle. So far, isolation and quaran- tine precautions seem the only safa proteo ion for healthy herds. A full account of the dheaie and ita ravagea appear in the Adelaide Observer of January 30. ' The Newcastle Libel Cask -The Newcastle Chronicle of Thursday asks ns to publish its denial that there is any truth in the statement, published by ns "on undoubted authority," that the proprietor of the Chronicle, or any of the witnesses, had been bound over to appear at the next Circuit Court, in t> e ease of libel brought by Mr. H. Soott, P.M., against the Chronicle pro in le tor. West Maitland Bbidgb.-Tfce oontraot of Mr. Bell continues to progress at a rapid rate; sinoe our last re- port the oross girders bave been fitted in to a point more than half -way aoro»B the river. Tbeatratmentsateaoh end bare been fixed in their plaaes, and give a finished and elegant appearanee to the strncture. Un Thursday afternoon aAommaocemeotwas made with pn'ting in the woed=n joista between tbe nroiB girders, and it is intended to begin with laying dova the flooring of the bridge early next week; already the Mia bera are receiving a preparatory ooating of tar,-The Durham ap- proaches are not proceeding io satisfactorily, although it does cot appear that the con- tractor, Mr. Mnsion, is tt> blame. It seems, from what we oauld leam, that there are three spans in these ap- proaches, the ends of wbioh ought to rest npon piers or cylinders, similar to tbe river piers. .According to tbe plan eaoh of these spans should coi sût pf a single girder. o*st with a slight camber or ourve, of soma two and a half, or three inohes. But it appears that some error bas been committed in the construction of these girders, for in efieot, now tbat they are joined together, instead of there being three slight curves as intended, they actu- ally form one continuous curve from end to end, and thus when placed in titu the two ends of the curve would rest noon the two extreme piers, while the intermediate portion of ¿he aro would be some inches above the two middle pair of piers. Mr. Darley inspected the girders on Thursday, and Till, we presóme, report to head quarters ; in the meanwhile the progress of the oontraotor is somewhat impeded. It ' is expeoted that the girders will have to be cat apart, and have some alteration made to enable them to fit into tbeir proper placas.-We were informed yesterday that Mr. Mather, the founder who cast these girders, inspected them yesterday, end deolares that they are oomtrooted precisely acoordÍDg"i<? the plane given to him. I East Maul a it d Voldntexe Rifles -On Thursday evening there wai a commanding offioer's parade of the above oompany. The company mustered"» good foroe ; there were present 32 rank and file, 2 offioars;and 2 sergeants, with IO io the band. After marching round the town preceded by the band, the oompany waa put through some simple evolutions, and afterwards assembled in the George and Dragon Hotel, to rtceive tbe report of the special band oommittee. The report, which announced a b*laoee of about ¿10s. in hand, was adopted by the oompany, »nd theoaptaio wai empowered to appoint a band committee. The oaptain also ap- pointed James Pethiok and James Ferris as sergeants, and privates Wright, Shepherd, and Rigby as corporals. Ten recruits joined toa company. Police Bdsisxsi -Seven cases were disposed of at the West Maitland polioe oourt, on Thursday, bj Messrs. F. M. Doyle, and A. M'Doagall. 'lhere was considerable delay in the oommenoement of the business, in sonae quenoe of the nou-attendaaoe of magistrates. APP0IHTMÏST8.-We understand that the following ai pointmenis have been decided upon, and will be notified io the Government Gazette immediately after the pro- rogation :-thomas Garrett, Esq, Commissioner of Rail ' ways ; William Cummings, Keq, Police Magistrate of Bathurst; Joseph Eokford, Esq, Police Magistrate of Maitland.-Sydney Ghost West Maitland Bobouoh Council.-A meeting of this body was he'd yesterday evening. Alderman ¡smith, in the absence of tbe Mayor, occupied the oh air. Some oorrespondenoe was read, oalling attention to tbe state of Free Chnroh- street, the drainage near Walli Honse, and other matters; the resignation of Alderman Liddell as a member of the Council, was also read, as well as a note from Alderman Wade, de- clining to aot on the special oommittee with reference to Parallel-street.-A report from the improvement com- mittee, suggesting several improvements in various parts of the town, was brought np and received ; it waa after- wards adopted-the standing orders having been sus- pended for the purpose. It was resolved to call for ten- ders for fenoing the new road about to be opened from Dagworth leading towards the Sugarloaf -The Conoril then went into committee of the whole for the purpose of considering tenders for tbe completion of the Wallis' Creek Floodgates. Tbe tender ot Messrs Dawne and Company, for £1580, was accepted.-This dosed the business of the meeting. Tbe Hospital Concert of Messes. Fairfax ano his Fkiends.-Our readers will be gl«d to learn that the Maitland Hospital has reoeived no less iban £25 10b. from the £31 taken at the benefit ooncert, leoently given by Messrs. Fairfax, Ackland, Sewell, Miss James, and Mrs. Caldwell, the expenses having been under £6. A good part of this welcome result, we are informed, was duetotheslrennonsexertionsmade by Mr. Jaoob Gorriok to make the concert a decided success in every way. West Maitland Volunteer Riflbs.-A. command* ing tamer's parade of thia company was held on Thursday evening. There was a very good atten- dance, the total muster, including the band, being about eighty members. The company were rnarohed to Christian's Flat, where they were drilled by ?ergfant Major Hill. The first exeroises performed consisted of various review evolutions ; the marching past, both in slow and quick time, was very well performed. The oompany was then praotised in picquet duty-mounting t and relieving gnard, &c.; It was announced by the lient^nant-commacding that special parades, in undress uniform, will be held on Saturday afternoon at five o'clock, and Thursday evening at eight o'clock ; there will also be drills every eveningnext week, except Monday,in order topraotioe the evolutions likely to be required at the en i oampmentat Baster, and he strongly urged npon the company the neoatsity of attending to make themselves as proficient ns possible. Tua Dtjkb of Edinburgh at adelaide.-The accounts in the Adelaide papers of the festivities during tbe visit of the Duke of Edinburgh are remarkable for their brevity, and form an agreeable contrast with the fa s and parar'e i f the corresponding feats of last year Evening AreiM, Feb 25. Tbk Railway Mills, West Maitland--We hear that the fine steam flour mills ia Klgio-street, formerly worked by Mr. Barns, have been leased by Messrs. Ci others, late of the Wollombi district, for a term of yiais. H orbs Stratino.-At the West Maitland police oourt, on Thursday, Mionael Daroy was fir.ed 5s and 2* 6d costs, for allowing a horse to stray io the Horse-shoe Bend. Obscene Lasguaob -At the West Maitland polios court, on Thuraday, friary Troy was fined 20s. ; or in de- fault of payment, fourteen d»ys in g no1, tor ming obsojne laogaage in High-street on the 23rd instant. UatHKEMsyss.-M*ry Troy was brought before the bench at the West Maitland police oourt, on Thursday, for drunkenness in High-street on the 23rd instant John O'Brien pleaded guilty to a similar charge, and was fined 20s. ; io default of payment seven days' im- prisonment. Insulti.\o Behaviour.-On Thursday, at the West Maitland police court, David Calder was charged by Arabella Sheppard with insulting b'haviour to her on the night of the 28th January, at West Maitland. Mr. O'aleagher appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Thompson for the defendant. The narrative of the wit- nesses for tbe prosecution was that on the night in ques- tion, at about nine or half-past nine o'clock, a party of females, of whom complainant was one, were bathing at the sandy beach, foot of Government road, Horse-shoe Bend, and that hearing a boat comiog down the river, they withdrew into the shadow of some bushes till it had passed. But instead of passing, the boat was put in to the bank by its oconpants, and they were alleged to have landed, and, by their presence on the b.nk, kept the females for rearly two hours, in a semi nude condition, from dressing or continuing their bath It was further alleged that defendant and a companion named Cooper had used very insolent and provoking lan- guage to the femali s ; and part of the behaviour com- plained of was said to be that defendant and Cooper bad come immediately behind the females, where they were oonoealed among the bushes, and sat down within arm's-leugtb of them, laughing loudly. The de- fendant, with Cooper, remained in this close proxi- mity to the females for ten minutes or thereabouts, and afterwards continued upon the back until soared away by a ory that some of the male friends of the women were ooming. The bithing plaoe was said to be a publio place, constantly used for bathing purposes ; it was in Doyle's paddook, rented to Hudson, and the pluee where the females hid was about twenty yards from the river, and was alleged to be pare of the Sandy Beach - Complaint was made . by some of the females to Fagan, the defendant in the case below.-Mr. Thompson anplied for a non-Buit, on the ground that the place where the alleged offence bad been committed was not a place to which the public bsd noreatrioted access at any time ; that it was not a public place within the meaning of the Act.-Mr. U'Meagher replied, con- tending that the bathing-place had bsoume the resort of persons for the purposes of bathing, and that therefore it was a pnblio place within the meaning of the Aot, the spirit of which W4B to prevent the pnblio from being in- sulted in places where people congregated. Mr. Thompson pointed out that the Aot mide a distinction bet vean places of publio resort and pnblio places, where such offenes as that oomplained of were charged The bench sustained Mr. Thompson's orjeotion, and dismissed the ossa ; but intimated that as the case appeared to be one of rery gross mlsoocdoct, they regretted that they were compelled to give auch a decision.-A case in which the same com- plainant preferred a oharge of a BimiUr character against .Edward Cooper, was withdrawn by Mr. O' Meagber. [ 1 his case, very shamefnl to the young men as it appears above, led to the following oase of assault.-] Charge of Assault -On Thursday, at the West Maitland polioe court, Edward Cooper summoned Thomas Fagan, for having assaulted him on tbe 1st of February instant, at West Maitland. Mr. Thompson appeared for the complainant, and the defendant's case was conducted by Mr. O' Ueagher. A coordmg to the evidence it appeared that about nine o'clock in the evening, complainant, ia oompany with two young men, Calder and Watson, were walking np High-street, when they meta party amongst which was the defendant, who having first demanded from Calder an explanation of a certain occur renes in the Horse-shoe Bead, turned to oom plainant with an oath, and made a blow at him whioh took effeot on tie a-m, that was held np to interpose be- tween defendant's fist and complainant's face. A second blow fell upon oomplainant's bead, and after a little interval, and during a dispute in whiob all tbe party took part, defendant, upon complainant m.king gome remark not personally offensive to bim, or sdlressed to him, strnott him once mere, this time in the mooth, whiob was curt and bled. Complainant's teeth vero loosened by the blow, and he f<<lt pain in them for a week after the assau't The foots of the assault were proved by oomplainant and those who were in his oompany, and it wss denied that complainant had given any immediate pro* vocation or that teal ad been guilty of ant previous oond not in the Horseshoe fiend which would bave justified tbe assault. There was a large amount of evidence given, both in examination and cross examination, as to the nature of this occurrence, «bice ii fully explained in the above case, and jt was also deaied that any improper coodaot bid been indulged in J»voomplainant's party. Jt was admitted tbai defendant bad demanded an explana- tion from oomplainant as to tbis occurrence 1 be defence wss an implication that the assault had been pro- voked by insulting behaviour on complainant's part towards a female relative of defendant's, and that the blows had been given in pnniihment. Kvidenoe was given as to the oiroumstanoea of the assault ; the story of tbe defence diff red somewhat in details from that of the prosecution, and it was shown that plaintiff bad pro- mised to give " satisfaction,!' The benob convioted tbe defendant of the assault, hut resetted their deoision till they heard the evidenoe relative to the alfege'd provoca- tion. The oase in which thia was given bring coi eluded, complainants' attorney, by consent of the benob, with- draw the charge. Waqis Casks -Dsvid Pryke v. William Rowland. Alfred baker v, the same - I bese two oases were oalled at thâ Esst Maitland police court, yesterday, bat when the parties à^beaied they announced that they had settled the matters out of oourk Disobetino an Osoaa or the Bbkoby-A t the East Maitland police court, yesterday, Charles Wentworth Brjckℓ waa summoned to appear to answer a oharge made by Ann Bucknall, of having disobeyed an order of the court, nude on the 2nd Ocjbober, I8&8, direoting him to pay the snm of £62 10a-, arrears dpa under an order made against the said Charles Wentworth Bnoknell, on tbe 21st November, 1854, ond of having farther .diso- beyed bo order made on Ootober 2nd, as aforesaid, topsy £12 10s. monthly to Mr. C J. Mnithers, Clerk of Petty Sessions, ia plaoe of Robert Brownrigg Minter, deoaased, for the use, maintenance, and support of the said Anne Baoknell. Mr. H. O'Vesgher appeared ou behalf ot the appliomt, end Mr. Briggs for the defendant. 1'he defendant did not appear, and Mr. O'Meagher applied for a warrant to compel bia attendance '1 he Clerk of t he Benob said the summons bad been returned to him with an affiiavitof servios! Mr. Briggs opposed the application for a war- rant, first upon the ground that the justices now pre- siding were not those "ho had mide the order, and secondly, that the order tbe defendant was charged with disobeying was an illegal order, in that it was a varia tio't jof the origina) order, bsoanse the name of Mr. Minter had fcen exohauged for that of Mr. Smithers, as the receiver of the monthly payrmpts, and becanne notice had net been given to th» defendant of any in- tention to apply for such a variation pt the order. He I oontended that no proceedings to, yary the order ; were legal taken ex parte, and ' ¿bat Mrs. ; Bucknel} ought to have commenced de 1}opo in Ootobsr last- 1°. reply, Mr. O'Meagber pointed ont that no snob notice as that referred toby Mr. Briggs «as required by the Aot s tba bench bad power to do what bud been done in varying the order, without any applica- tion at all, if the neoBssity tor snob variation arose,- the Aot gave tbem authority to regulate the receipt of money payable nnder an order. '1 he bench, without giving any opiniin upon the contested point, oontented to the appli- cation for a warrant. Police Bustrbss.-Yesterday, at the East Maitland police conrt, Messrs. Brunker, Thomson, and Browne were the sitting magistrates, and disposed of three cases. J \- _ i Attempt to Esc Ars or A Qoebbbland Despeeado. -The Brisbane Courier of tbe 6tb reports that the oon yjat Jenkins, who is now undergoing imprisonment for having ribbed tbe Brisbane and Ipswich mail ooaoh some time ago, was brought np in the gaol before the Visiting Justioes on the préviens day, charged with oonctaling cer'am articles with a view to esoapiog It seems that he wai seen to bury ia the gronnd a large hook, appar- ently made from'the handle of a zino bucket, ibis was considered suspicious, and on his oell being searohed, a very sharp knife was foond ingeniously hld in the leg of a stool, a receptacle for it baring been made by tbe pri- soner. Jsbkins cautioned tbe magistrates against mak- ing him desperate by taking bis knife from him. He was, however, not only deprived of it, but sentenced to one month's solitary confinement, and to six months in irons. r An ^ndiana paper records a wager between a lady and gentleman on the Preside ntal eleotion. If Grant wai elected, the jouag man was to marry the young lady ; if Seymour, the young lady wai to marry the young gen« JSkman, - - ? The Duhbo Meohanio.' Institute has made a very promising start. The first quarterly meeting was held February 16th, when the officers of the institution were appointed, and a report read from the provisional oom ruittee appointed at tbe public meeting establishing the institnte. Frcm this it appeared tbat £51 was already in the bank, to the credit of the institute ; that the com- mittee had applied for a government grant of £150 to meet equal contributions ; that the government bad granted the institnte a quarter acre of land »b a ni te for the building, bnt meanwhile premises bad been rented, at £52 rent per year; and that arrangements were in progress for forming a library, and furnishing the read- ing room with periodicals dec. The number of members is 78. _ 