SPECULATION AND ALLEGED EM BEZZLEMENT OF £130,000. THE Court of Aseizes of the Seine has jnst been engaged in the trial of a person named Allotte, aged 36, cashier to the late agent de-change Banes, on a charge of embezzling money to an amount of more than £130,000. The principal committed euicide on dis covering the fraud in January last. Allotte, in addition to his functions, had a share in the business, and appears to have enjoyed the entire confidence of M. Banes. He, however, launched into a number of ill ad vised speculations, so that in the space of four years be had squandered the amount mentioned above. £?8,000 were sunk in oil works at St. Denis; £25,000 in a manufactory of perfumery at Puteaux; £10,000 in a soap boilery at LaBriebe; and £9000 in a water company at Cadiz. The remainder was lost in enterprises of lesser importance, among the items being £o200 the accused had advanced to a M. Cbily, to recover a succession in Spain, and £1600 invested in the ' Siecle Illustre.' The deficits were made up by the sale of securities left by customers and by the ap propriation of a sum of £32,000, deposited by M. Breon for purposes of speculation, and concerning which a fictitious account was furnished every month to the owner by the accused. The sum, moreover, had never been regularly entered on the boobs of the _ firm, and the consequence is that Breon is entirely ruined, as he has no claim to any share in the assets of the bank ruptcy.* The accused, in his defence, pro tested that he had only borrowed money from the firm of which ha was a partner. The jury returned a verdict of not guilty on each of the counts of the indictment, and Allotte was in consequence acquitted. Indian depredations and outrages are so numerous in Arizona that the settlers suggest among themselves a war of extermination, to commence with the massacre of all the Indians on the Government reservations. The ' Gork Examiner* says that an amas ing instance of a post-mortem bequest and its consequences transpired at the Kanturk petty sessions recently. A labouring man named Murphy borrowed a mule and cart -from a Mre. Quin. In due time Mrs. Quin reclaimed her property, but Murphy refused to surrender it, alleging that some nigbts before the spirit of Mrs. Quin's departed husband had appeared to him, and in the course of an amicable conversation made him a present of the mule and cart. The ghost also declared that one of two tubs of bacon in the possession of his widow should be handed over to hia friend Murphy, whom he addressed as his "old boy." Mrs. Quin appears to have doubted her husband a authority to make a post-mortem disposition of his effects; and, having gathered her friends around her, she pro ceeded to recover her property by force of arms, the result being a lively row, for which all parties were brought before the magistrates. Their worships confined their attention to the public breach o! tbe peace, and the ghostly conveyance remains to add another and most interesting chapter to the varied volume of Kanturb litigation. The * Semaphore' of Marseilles states that the keeper of some dining rooms in the Rue des Quatre-Patissiers has just been killed by his maid servant. The man was accustomed to ill-use his wife, but the girl defended her, and had frequently threatened to take tbe master's life if he persisted. A fresh quarrel between the husband and wife occurred a few days back, and tbe young woman, whose name is Brun, caught up a knife and stabbed him mortally in the abdomen. He ex pired shortly after, and the servant was ar rested. Mr. Maurice Collis, of Dublin, died lately. He .had, says .Saunders's News Letter,' only a week's illness, caused by his baring inflicted a slight wound upon his finger while he was engaged in extracting a tumour from a patient's neck in the Meath Hos pital. The sentence imposed by Mr. Justice O'Brien at the Cork Assizes on Mr. Down ing, who tendered money to Lord Fermoy with a view to obtain a recommendation for tbe office of justice of the peace, is that he shall forfeit the £200 which he offered to his lordship as a line. The Baroness Julia Ebergenyi, who, as may be remembered, was about two years back condemned to imprisonment for life, for having, with Count Chorinsky, poisoned the wife of the latter, has just made an attempt to escape from the prison of Nendorf, under the disguise of a nun. She was, however, detected and stopped by one of the gaolers at the moment she was about to pass through l^e P1®' A lady belonging to a high family of Vienna was waiting for her outside with a carriage. The . Daily News* calls attention to the powerlessness of the police to check the ad j -vance of crime in London. Daring burglar ies are committed every night, and recently a carriage and livery servants conveyed a party [ of "cracksmen" to a large house in one of the wealthiest suburbs of London, remaining at tbe gates until they brought back to it. and I drove away with, the family plate. Mr. Argyle, the master of the workhouse at Ross, in Herefordshire, objects to paupers reading newspapers. At a recent meeting of ! guardians, Mr. Blake offered to give the paupers some newspapers to read, but Go vernor Argyle strongly objected. In the | first place, he said, there would be no end of quarrelling and fighting. The men often | quarrelled over the bible, but if be allowed them to read newspapers it would be worse; they would become "dissatisfied," " unruly," and " unmanageable." He saw a case in the papers the other day which, if the paupers had read, would have created a row. *' There would be no living in the house," added the workhouse master, " if paupers got such no tions into their heads; besides, there was no light to read by, only the fire." Several guardians, on bearing this, rolled their eyes with indignation, and wondered how it was : the gas had not been put into the work house. At length the chairman said it was j monstrous to keep the paupers without light | and instructive amusement; and finally the sum of forty shillings was voted for litera ture, but nothing said about the li»ht to read by. " The influence of employment on the statis tics of marriage has received a curious illus tration in regard to the fishing population of Scotland. In practice, if not in theory, they are good Malthusians in the North! The local registrar at Clyne, in Sutherland, re ports to the Registrar General of Scotland, that, owing to the failure of the herring fishery and to the very light harvest, no mar riages were celebrated in this district during the year ending the 30th of September last. Also at Fetlar, in Shetland, no marriages were registered during the three months, and in this district the herring fishery proved a complete failure. At Eyemouth, in Berwick, there was only one marriage recorded during the quarter, the reason assigned for this being the depressed state of the fishery trade. J At Dieppe the following notice has been issued by the police « The bathing police jire requested, when a lady is in danger of drowning, to seize her by the dress, and not by the hair, which often remains in their grasp." Recently a farm bouse at Shaw End, about nine miles from Wbiiby, was com pletely destroyed by lightning. The only inmates of the bouse were an old man, named John Watson, his housekeeper, and a little boy, aged seven years, their son. On Sunday morning, about 8 o'clock, a passer-by saw the house in ruins, and on a search being made the occupier and bis housekeeper were found burnt to death, their bodies presenting a ghastly appearance. All three slept in the same room, but, strange to say, all did not meet the same fate; for the little boy, some time after the accident, crept out from the ruins and found shelter in an adjoining building, which was not damaged. He was little burt. One more of the great engineering works of the country may be pronounced to be finished, by the passage over the great via duct at Runcorn of the ordinary direct train service between London and Liverpool. The Runcorn viaduct, which is the principal work upon the new line, is about a mile and a half in length. The journey from London to Liverpool will be performed, it is ex pected, in a trifle over four hours, the dis tance being a little over 200 miles. There will be no stoppage on the way, the water supply being scooped up by the" tender from tanks placed between the rails in the neigh bourhood of Rugby. Tbe tanks are sup plied by an Artesian well that bas been sunk for tbe purpose. The ' Etendard' maintains its assertion that a large loan bas been contracted by the Duke de Montpensier, several members of tbe Orleanist party having decided to ad vance to his Royal Highness seven millions of francs by means of a private subscription. This financial operation was concluded on tbe express condition of tbe Duke d'Aumale rendering himself responsible for the amount. Tbe sum subscribed has been taken to Ma drid by a confidential agent. The Cortes has just inaugurated tbe abolition of the extreme penalty. A soldier in a regiment at Granada was recently con demned to death for tbe murder of a sergeant whom be believed to have caused him to be reduced to the ranks, and (be execution was fixed. A motion to save him was passed with but one dissentient voice, and a tele gram of the reprieve arrived at Granada just one hour before the time fixed for the execu tion. Reinforcements continue to be sent from Spain to Cuba. A thousand men have just embarked, thus making nearly 20,000 tbe number of troops despatched to the Queen of the Antilles. The ' New Tork Express* of Feb. 6th states that in New York more than sixty fe males earn a living by killing babies brought to them by their mothers, and tbe diminu tion of tbe American population in many States, sucb as Maine and Massachusetts, is attributed to this fashionable crime. The 'New York Daily Times' of Feb. 7 says that "native Americans" are disappearing altogether between the diminution of the number of marriages and tbe increase of in fanticide. The British man-of-war Heron has gone to Caibarien to enquire into tbe seizure by a Spanish frigate of the British schooner Jeff. Davis. Five Cubans were captured on the schooner trying to leave Cuba for Nassau, and on their return to Caibarien they were taken from the guard and murdered in the streets. The captain and crew of the Jeff. Davis are slill in prison. The two Peru vian iron-clads that left Pensacola recently have taken service with the insurgents. They were in the United States service dur ing the rebellion, and were then known as tbe Catawba and Oneota. Several filibuster ing expeditions are reported to have landed on tbe coast. The death is announced of Sister Sainte Therese at the Hotel-Dieu of Rouen, to which institution she bad been attached for 54 years. She was born at Havre the 14th March, 1769. The annual Italian wine-fair (Fiera di Gianduja) has just been held at Turin. One hundred and eighty-three wine growers took part in it, sending 148,000 bottles of 300 varieties. The jury was presided over by a Frenchman, who declared that con siderable progress had been made since last year, but that tbe Italian produce could not as yet compete with that of France or Spain. It is estimated that there remain 40,000 survivors of the soldiers of the First Re public and Empire, so that £400,000 will be required to pay the pensions recom mended in the Emperor's letter to M. Rouber. A suicide, occasioned by losses at the gambling table, has occurred at Wiesbaden. M. Trancbant, a French merchant from Lyons, had been playing for some weeks at Homburg, and had lost every franc he pos sessed. The administration, according to their custom in sucb cases, gave bim 42 francs on condition that he should immedi ately leave the town. This be did, and pro ceeded to Wiesbaden, where, finding him self utterly penniless, he blew his brains out. There were some very serious accidents at the Exeter Steeplechases recently. Major Ness, who rode his own horse, Patrick, was thrown while taking a fence ; the horse fell on bim, and another horse also fell. The major was taken up insensible with a cut on his temple, and it is feared serious internal injuries. Another terrible accident was caused by a horse which had refused to take a water-jump bolting amongst a crowd, knocking some into tbe water, and it is feared fatally injuring a woman wbo had ber skull fractured. Two other women were also injured, one having the bones of her face broken. There were other minor acci dents. At Liverpool recently George Nicboll, a sampler, in the employ of Mr. Sykes, wine and spirit merchant, was sampling rum in the vaults under the Temple, in Dale-street. By some accident be spilled a quantity of rum over his clothes, and though he was seen to enter tbe vaults with a covered lamp he caught fire, and was so severely burnt that he died the same evening in fearful agonies. A marriage has been arranged between Mr. Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, who bas lately been appointed Second Secretary to ber Majesty's Legation at Berne, and Lady Anne Isabella Noel, only daughter of the Earl of Lovelace, and granddaughter of Lord Byron. Lord Penzance (late Sir J. Wilde) com mences his sitting in the Divorce Court this Easter Term with a long list of cases, num bering 174, of which 130 are to be tried with out juries. It may not be generally known that at the close of tbe campaign in Abyssinia last June, three Abyssinians, chiefs of tbe tribes of Ghaso, Rassamo, and Debra Nulla Sbo hoes, were seized and sent down to Aden by Lord Napier, with orders that they should be detained there as hostages until such time as the murderers of Mr. Dufton, who was attached to tbe intelligence department of the expedition, were produced by the tribes. One of these prisoners, tbe Ghaso chief, died in tbe Aden gaol of scurvy last November; and advices from Aden now report the death of another of the chiefs from the same cause. Tbe total number of paupers in tbe unions and parishes of London the last day of tbe first week of April 1869 was 147,086. The cor responding total for tbe preceding year was 145,537. A grim joke has been perpetrated by one of the daily papers on Mr. Lowe's Budget: " There is but one benefit to be seen from Mr. Lowe's scheme. Be has discounted the end of the world by three months. We shall go with clean consciences as to having paid our taxes." The almost tropical heat at Liverpool since Saturday was on Wednesday afternoon varied ^ by a severe thunderstorm, during which it was so dark that the use of gas was necessary for upwards of an hour. A shocking occurrence took place in the Alnwick Theatre on a recent night. Mr. Charles Mathews performed, and the house was crowded in every part. Between the pieces, a young man named Turner at tempted to pass from the gallery into the side-boxes. George Craster, assistant in the theatre, endeavoured to stop him, and a struggle took place, the people in the gallery encouraging Turner in his resistance. At length, both men fell into the boxes, Craster undermost, with bis arms round Turner's neck. Craster managed to rise, but Turner was unable to move and was carried home, where he died shortly afterwards. An application has been made on behalf of Madame Rachel to put in bail pending the hearing of her application on the writ of error. Mr. Justice Brett declined to accept the proposed bail. At the weekly meeting of the Preston guardians, the returns submitted showed that although there are nearly 9000 operatives out of work, pauperism is on the decrease in the town. During the meeting a communi cation was read from Mr. Maynard, Bold street Mill, requesting that operatives apply ing for relief should be directed to his mill. The prospectus has been put forth by Messrs. Baring Brothers and Co., of an issue of £11,110,000 of Russian Government ?4 per Cent. Bonds, the proceeds of wbich are ostensibly designed for railway purposes. The cash proceeds of this loan at the sub scription price show close upon £7,000,000 sterling, and it will be curious to see to what extent the London market, already over supplied with foreign stocks in general, and with Russian securities in particular, will respond to this fresb demand. Mr. F. S. Wilson, living near Clyde, Kansas, during the night beard, as be sup posed, some wolves bowling near bis door. He seized bis shot gun, and going to the door, fired at what he took to be a wolf. Next morning be found that it was dogs that bad disturbed him, and that he had shot and killed Miss Caroline Myers. It is supposed that she had become bewildered while looking for her cattle, and also hearing the dogs had approached tbe bouse of Mr. Wilson only to be shot. Tbe coroner's jury exonerated Mr. Wilson from all blame. A Bill to amend the law relating to Post Office Savings Bank proposes that the Post master General may direct his officers to re ceive from any one depositor sums amounting in the whole to not more than £100 in any one year, and not more than £300 in any number of years. Recently a steamer which plies between Italy and Tunis stopped to land five pas sengers at La Goulette. The boat into wbich they entered had not got more than a few yards from the vessel when it was over turned by the waves. A French gentleman, named Cazeneuve, bis wife, and two sailors seeing what bad occurred, immediately jumped into another boat at the quay and succeeding in saving four of them. The fifth, a young girl, was on the point of sink ing when Madame Cazeneuve, who was a good swimmer, plunged into the water and supported her until tbe rest were able to extricate them both from their dangerous position. Tbe ' Aberystwitb Times,* in reference to the case of tbe little girl at Llanfibangel-yr Artb, who is said to have lived since the 10th of October, 1867, without food, says that a committee of respectable men. was formed some time ago to enquire into the case, and three gentlemen were requested to watch the girl- These gentlemen, one of whom is a medical student from Llandyssul, another a scholar of St. David's College, Lampeter, and the tbird a medical assistant, watched tbe girl continuously from March 22nd to April 5th, and they state that no ihing whatever was given to her during that time. So the story rests, incredible, it is true, but supported by evidence which it is difficult to disbelieve. In the town of Bishop Auckland there are only four master printers and stationers, and the Auckland papers of the 9th April re corded only four births. Singularly enough, tbe four mothers of those four babies were : tbe four wives of those four printers. Advices from St. Petersburg relate that the Grand Duke Nicholas of Russia, when lately proceeding by railway to Odessa, bad a narrow escape from destruction. The Im perial train contained, besides tbe Prince, the English Ambassador, Lady Buchanan, and several persons of high distinction. It bad just passed at full speed ovtr t&e; bridge of Seim, between Koursk and Kiew, when tbe whole structure fell in, and another train which followed full of passengers was preci pitated into the river. The number of vic tims is declared to be considerable. At tbe Dundee Circuit Court a woman of about 70 years of age was found guilty of having 6tolen a vest, and was sentenced to penal servitude for seven years. The * Constitutionnel' relates the following sad story:-"The trading vessel Adelina Eliza sailed in August, 1863, from Bordeaux for Hong Kong. A month later she was spoken off the Cape, but never afterwards heard of. A solitary survivor of tbe crew of fourteen has just returned to narrate tbe dis mal fate of bis companions. The vessel W3s lost on a coral bank, and tbe men had only time to get into tbe long boat before she sank. Tbey landed on a neighbouring is land and went to sleep. On awaking tbey found themselves surrounded by natives, who made them prisoners. Their captors turned out to be cannibals, and gradually killed and ate eleven of them. The other three managed to escape to an islet not far off, but there two of them succumbed to fatigue and died. The last, after moving by degrees from one small island to another, and living on shell fish and roots, finally managed to construct a. raft. After a period wbich he is unable to calculate, be was at last thrown on the coast of South America." An audacious fraud, says the * Gazette des Tribunaux', has been practised on a bank in Paris. An individual entered the office and offered to sell an Austrian bond of 1860. The person applied to agreed to purchase it for 990f., and on receiving it gave an order for that sum, which the stranger was to pre sent to the cashier. The man, however, on his way added two ciphers, so that the note indicated ten bonds and 9900f. The clerk paid the money, and the man retired in such haste that he reflected to sign the receipt. The cashier ran after him to get his signa ture, not suspecting the fraud practised, but the individual had already disappeared. The fraud was only discovered at the end of the day. The practice of advertising by stencilling on the foot pavements, and parish posts, &c.;, in Wandsworth and Clapham has become such a nuisance that the District Board of Works has found it necessary (says the ' South London Press') to undertake the pro secution of one person caught in the act as a warning to othew. 