OPENING OF TEE SYNOD OF CATHOLIC BISHOPS. Ono of the moat imposing ceremonies in connection with the Catholic Church that has 6T6rbeen witnessed in Melbourne, or probably ? .nv of the Australian colonies, took place lerV in St. ?^°^± ™» opening of the iTovincmi ^ouuou m mo «.u= tralian Catholic Hierarchy waa celebrated with nncb solemnity and magnificence of religions ceremonial. An it is generally about once in a generation that suoh an event takes plaoe, Lnliar interent attached to it, and Lhorn of other religions denominations SSTL those of the Catholic Church looked forward with pleasure to being present at the r,™eedin«s. The present synod has been convoked 'by his Grace tho Archbishop of Svdnoy, Primate of Australia, to whom alone :» beloniw to summon such assemblages in theso colonies Tho questions to be dealt with bvtbe synod during its session will embrace Sred marriages, eduoation, chnrch discipline, sndiimilar matters appertaining to ecclesias tical covemment. The council will consist of two sessions, the first of whioh was inaugurated yesterday, and tho second opening on. Thnrg Jav next with* Solemn requiem high mags and office for the repose of the uoula of the bishops and olerey who have died since the last synod was held. The council will sit privately in the Bishop's Palace, East Melbourne, every day faring the present week ; and will briug its ?wihArAtinns to a close on Sunday next by a BBblic ceramsnial similar to that which took place yesterday. Probably the result of ? the conference will be a joint pastoral from tba prelates assembled to the clargy and laity of the Australian dioceseB. Having thus explained briefly the naturo of the asiemblage and itB peculiar functions, we proceed to de icribo the ceremonies whioh wore performed yesterday by way of inauguration, and to im plore the Divino blessing on its deliberations. Admifsion to the cathedral was by tioket, the church being divided into three portions for the reception of persons according to the prioe of the ticket procured. The entire nave con tained the first eaats, the eastern aisle the second, and the wettern aisle the third. The ceremonies of the day were announced to ; commenoe at ten a.m., but from as early as eight o'clock the precincts of the ohnrch and ifcj immediate vicinity was crowded by persons aw&Hing; the opening of the doors. About half pait nine o'clock admission was accorded, and the crush then exporienood was something un Dloasantto many. The benches immediately in front of the high nltar and in the : vicinity of the pulpit wore quickly oc cupied, and in less than half an hour sitting accommodation was quite out of the question for those who camn in, although as ample provision as was practicable had been mads for seating the congregation. The mem : bora of St. Francis Benefit Society, wearing the bine sash of the ordor acted as a kind of stewards and made themselves very agreeable in proooring seats for ladies when it was pos j sible to do so. A tomporary platform rising in ' tiers had been erocted at tho south end of the cathedral for tho members of tho choir, who numbered about sixty vocal and instrumental performers, including a band, the whole boing under the able leadership of Mr G. K. G. ; Pringle. Soon after ten o'clock the bishopB and clergy having veBted in tho privato ohapol ol tho Bishoj o! Melbourne attached to the episcopal residence, a procession moved from the chapel referred to in the following ordor: — Thurifer with Thurible, cross-bearer supported by an aoolyte oil either side, about twenty youths in surplices and red cassocks, clergy from the various dioceses, seven suffragan bishops attired in cope and mitre, and tho Archbishop of Sydney, attonded by bis ohapIuinB, and followed by two youths bearing his train. The following wore the prelates in attendance :— Most Rev. Dr. Polding, Arch bishop of Sydney ; Right Rev. Dr. Shiel, Bishop of Adelaide ; Right Rov. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne; Right Rov. Dr. Matthew Quinn, Bishop of Bothurst ; Right Rov. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Gortlburn ; Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town; Right Rov. Dr. James Qainn, Bishop of Brisbane. Tho Very Rev, Dr. Lynch, administrator of the dtooese of Armidalo, New South Wales, waa also present. Tho clergy included : Eev. W. Kelly, S.J. ; Rev. Mr Bersante, Sydney ; Rov. Dr. Oani, Briibano ; Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatriek, V.G.; Vary Rev. W. J. Dunne, V.G., Hobart Town; Vory Rov. Mr Sheehy, V.G., Sydney; Very Rev, J. Smyth, V.G., Adelaide; Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, Brisbane ; Very Rev. Archdeacon Downing, Geelong; Very Rov. Dean Slattery, Warrnamjbool ; Rev. Dr. Forroat, St. John's College, Sydney ; Very Eev. Doan Fitzgibbon, Adelaide ; Very Rev. Dean Moore, Ballarat ; Rev. G-. V. Barry, Rev. J. P. Cotbett, St. Kilda ; Rev. Mr Corletti, Syd ney; Rev. Mr Sheehy, Hobart Town ; Rev. J. P. O'SnUivan, Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods, Ade laide; Rev. Mr Darcy, Now Sonth Wales ; Rev. Dr. Bleasdale; Rov. Dr. Backhaus, Very Rev. Mr Ponpenelli, Sydney ; Rev. P. O'Meara, Rev. Isaas Moore, S.J., Very Rev. J. Dalten, S J., Richmond ; Very Rov. Dr. M'Alray, IUv. S. M. Sarail, Rov. W. Matthews and Rev. J. M'Carthy, New. South Wales. Tho procession having moved through the grounds attached to the bishop's residence, entered the cathedral by the principal door, and moved up tho centre of the nave to within the chaucel, where the bishops and clergy took up seats prepared for them. Immediately on tho proces sion entering the church, the choir burst forth its sacred masio with an effect whioh was exceedingly fine. Each bishop had his own chaplain in attendance on him within the sinctuary. Grand pontifical high mass of the Holy Ghost was then commenced, tbo Archbishop of Sydney officia ting as celebrant, tho Rev. G. V. Barry as deacon, and tho Rav. J. F. Corbett as sub deacon. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheehy, of Sydney, acted as assistant priest, Archdeacon Rigney and Dean Moore as deacons at tho throne, and tho Rev. Messrs Corlefti and O'Sullivan as masters of ceremonies. Mass having concluded, the procession reformed in the order as before, and passed down the nave of the ohnrch and round the extorior, singing the hymn ' Avo Moris stella,' and tho Paalms, 'Exul- tate Deo:' 'Fundamenta ejus,' 'Quom dilectB,' 'Ecce quam bonum,' ' Exindi nos Domine',' 'Exurgat Deus.' Having returned to the chancel, and concluded the chanting of tho Psalms, tho Arch bishop offered up the fallowing prayer:— we are assembled, Lord, Holy Spirit, we aro hero present, oppressed indeed by the heavy weight ol sins, bnt especially congregated in Any name. Come to us, bless ns with Thy presence, deign to descend into our hearts ; teach ns what we ought to do, show us whither wa oognt to go, accomplish in us what we ought to perform. Bo Thou alone the sug gestoranatbe framer of our judgments, who atone with God the Father and His Son dost possess a name of glory ; permit not that we on Jeooma disturbers of jnstice, Thou who art the mprsme lover of equity ; let not ignorance uraw us astray, nor faver warp, nor acceptance « gut, present or bribe, norreBpect of persons, corrupt ; but unite us to Thyself efficaciously »J w« gift of Thy pBculhr gracp, Uiat we may vom the truth ; H0 that, being assembled in m«LaMJ9' ?*ra3* in aU tbing* adhere in such manner to justice, tampered with mercy, that oar jaagment may not in anything deviate from iW n-ta bel0Br: ana hereaftw we W« » T eterual Mwara for what wo shall Tfll 1-nn.d Mr dpne. B. Ar»en.' bvmL n%S1'fng of iome other P30''18 6na '» Screes to be observed during the synod were read. All the bishops then kneeling around the altar, recited aloud the profession of faith of Pius ? IV., and each prelate in bia turn solemnly swore to profess that faith till death, and as far us in him lay to preserve it inviolable amongst those over whom he was placed in pastoral charge. The indiction or proclamation of the second session of the Bynod was then made by the Archbi shop's secretary, and after Dr. Polding had im parted tho benediction the ecclesiastics left the church in procession as they had entered it, and the proceedings dosed at about half-pait one o'clock. In the evening, pontifical vaspers were sung, all tho bishops and clergy again assembling. The Very Rav. Dr. Backhans, of Sandhurst, pre sided at the organ. At the conclu sion of vespers, the Bishop of Adelaide ascended the pulpit and preached a well digested and eloquent sermon from St. John, 10th chapter, 16th verse,!;' And other Bheep I have that are not of this fold ; these also I must gather together, and there shall be ono fold and one shepherd.' The cathedral waa filled in tho evening, much more than in the forenoon, the passages being completely blocked up_ with persona unablo to obtain seats. Benediction concluded the services of the day, and tho opening of tho council was completed. 