'COUNT' ATTEMS. (From Hie Queensland Exnress. December 30 J We have got a few particulars of the doings of the indi vidual who passed here under the above name, chiefly from a man who formed one of the crew of bis vessel, the Hamlet's Ghost. Our informant went away with him from Brisbane, and stuck to him as far as Coepang, where they parted company to meet again at Batavia, at which place the 'Count' promised to pay him his wages and furnish him with the means of getting a passage back .to Brisbane. The ' Count,' though it was put out of his power to reach Batavia, in other respects kept his word with this man, who a day or two ago came back to Brisbane. The ' Count,' after his sailing from Brisbane, had, aa it may be remembered, two narrow shaves for his liberty ; one at Cleveland Bay, from which he sailed just before the arrival of the steamer having on board the police armed with a warrant for his apprehension ; and the other at Cape' York, to which he had scarcely bid farewell when the Cap tain Cook, bringing news of his proceedings, put in an appearance. He arrived at Cape York on the 11th August, and sailed again on the 23rd, his stay lasting eight days. A story reached Brisbane about his having swindled the Cockerills, who were at Cape York collecting birds. He bought £30 worth of birds from them, and paid them one half cash and the other with one of his 'priceless' cheques. It seems, from all we can learn, that the Count, like another Robin Hood, though he had no scruples about making inroads into the wealth of the rich, was straightforward in his doings with 'poor' men, and he fe&o.; Intended to give the Cockerills gold for their birds. lie was putting some gold into his pocket on one occasion just before going ashore, when some one (whose name we have heard but need not mention) remarked that a cheque was gooa enougii lor buuii people as me ouu&eruiK;, uuu uv reduced the amount of the metal by one-half. Whether the remark had any effect on the 'Count,' or whether he bad merely jumped at it as an excuse fqr giving the men hulf what they were entitled to, we don't know ; but it seems that he wbb not very flush of the precioas metal at Cape York ; at Cleveland Bay his store was rathei low, and he made an ineffectual application from there to a Brisbane firm to give him some more. However, it turned out that the transaction with the bird stutters was a case of diamonnd-cut-diamond, for when the case of birds was . opened after the Ghost put to sea, it was found that only half the quantity they had undertaken to furnish . had been delivered. If that is a fact, neither partv had much reason to complain. When the 'Count' left Brisbane, a man named Howes was his captain, bnt they fell out by the way, and parted company at Cape York, and the impostor there assumed the command of the vessel, and signed certain papers as captain; a seaman named Austin was promoted to chief mate. The Ghost had eight hands on board when she arrived at the Cape, and seven when she left. He had just started, as we have mentioned, and was not out of sight, when the schooner Captain Cook put into the port. A police boat went after the yacht, but did not overhaul it. Tho boat was seen from tho yacht, and her captain thought her object was to take off two gentlemen whom he had landed at one of the bays, and so did not stop for the boat, otherwise his career would hare ended there, for there is no doubt that the ' Count ' would not have got his crew to sida with him against the police. The yacht sailed from Somerset on the Saturday, and on the Sunday called at Booby Island, where provisions are stored for vessels in distress, «nd found that the stock there was plentiful. A visit seems to have been paid to one or more of tho other islands about here which were inhabited, and on aoquaint ance foniued with the 'lady' residents. The account of the ' Count's ' mode of lauding, es told us, was somewhat amusing, Though he had not previously shown any signs of high courage, — rather the contrary — he jumped bravely into tho ehool-watcr and would have waded ashore, single handed, in tho face of an array of warlike . natives, drawn up on the beach, hod not tho mate and others, inspired by liifi daring, jumped in after him. The 'Count,' who carried a number of loaded revolvers in his yacht, landed with ono of these weapons in his hand, and his mate backed fcim up -with a duck gun. The north-east part of Timor wae reached in about seven days from Cape York, but nothing particular resulted from the call there. Cae pang was madn about eight days later, and here our hero enjoyed himself to a great extent. As an AuBtrian Count, on a yachting voyage (he was careful to keep up hie charac ter from the commencement), he gained the acquaintance of all the notables in the place, from the Governor downwards, lie vriB a guest at Government House, and tho Governor was a guest on board the Hamlet's Ghost, and it may be supposed that the travelling 'nobleman' was not less inti mate with the leas important people of the place. One of the exciting events of his visit was a race bet trees the yacht and a Ducb revenue cutter (the larger Vi ssol of- the tiro). The course, was round an island six miles from Coepang. The commander of the cutter made certain of *' topping ' the yacht, and had lined the shore with a lot of ilaltiye who were to cheer the conquering hero as he came in ; but the Ghost won the race of twelve miles by twenty minutes, and the Malay hirelings did not cheer, l'he usual pace of tho Ghost was seven or eight knots, but on this occasion, the wind being pnrticulnrly favourable, she Trent at a little more than that late. Vitils were paid to the islands round about, but the great event was an excursion, on a large scale, to Rotta, in the Hnmlct's Ghost, The Governor and his* suite were among the party. It was this trip which to Fonie extent cost tie 'Count' his liberty, for turning out longer than he had anticipated, it caused him to arrive later nt Soura buya than he wibLeii. The wind was blowing from the right quarter for a speedy trip when they started, but after the Ghost reached ihe 'inland it shifted round, and led to her being eight dnys absent from Coepaug. A journey inland was performed by the 'Count,' accompanied by tbo Govc-rnrr's secretary, ond a few others, and ho met with great favour from tlie Chief, who wished him to accent a presc nt of 100 ponies. But the Count had not store room for them, and wae oblijred to decline the present. The sec reiary, who looked with a fond eye upon tbe animal!!, offered, in the 'Count's' absence to take thim on his behalf, which offer shocked our 'noble' friend's acute sense of honour, and put him a little out of temper. . ? The stay at Coepang, including this trip, lasted sixteen dnys. One of the principal merchants there— a gentleman named Cisso — became an acquaintance of the ' Count's,' but he appeared to have somo suspicions regarding the distinguished visitor. Our informant believes that the Court mortgaged his yacht to Mr. Cisso, for an advance ?with which to pay his men, It was at Coopang tbat he left tbe yacht, the 'Count' undertaking to meet him at Batavia, and pay him -what was due, besides furnishing him with money to get a passage back to Australia. 'AttemB' sailed in bis yacht for Java, end eleven days afterwards, the seamen followed in the mail steamer. It may be remembered, from a paragraph -which we quoted a short time ago from a Melbourne paper, giving an account of 'Attcni'6' arrest tout tuere was a hazy allusion to a supposed attack: made upon an English schooner by the Ghost. From what we could gather, there was a tiff between him and the captain of the ecliooner on entering port, but it amounted to very little, and there was no firing of guns. The ' Count was very fortunate in the weather he fell in with: it was particularly fine, and he had a fair wind the -whole time. The steamer arrived at Sourabaya five days after the yacht re .died there, and the Seaman before alluded to made an attempt to see the ' Count,' hoping, no doubt, to save himself the necessity of going on to Batavia ; but the 'Count' was on a visit to the interior. There was an advertisement of his in one of the local papers for four A. B. teamen, anil also for a guide for an overland jocrney to Batavia, Our informant went on to that port, and wben he got there learned that the 'Count' had been apprehended and put in gaol. Ar our readers learned a few weeks ago, news of tbe true character of the traveller reached Sourabaya « bile he was sojourning there, and he was arrested. A statement appeared in the papers there to tho effect that he had committed a fraud upon a Mecklenburg bank to the extent of £7000 or £8000. It was generally believed here that the 'Count' was a German; but at Sourabaya, where we suppose there are better judges, no one thought he was anything of tbe kind. The impression, of some of the crew ms that he was a Portuguese or Spaniard, from his frequent use of a certain Spanish oath, when at all put out. tie passed lumseli on as Having been in tne army, but from what we have been told, it seems he did not know how to load one of the deck guns on his yacht, and was as awkward in handling it as a sailor is is managing a horse. He was very kind to most of his men, and faith fully performed his promises to them. They had an idea that Austin the mate, who was not on friendly terms with some of the crew, had to some extent been let into the secret as to the 'Count's' true position, and an impression prevailed among them that the ' Count ' in tended to hind over the ship to them when he reached Java. Shewas, ?when last teen, lying under the guns of the Fort at Sourabaya, and our informant was told at Batavia that she was to be sold by auction in a few days, being expected to bring about £2-5. It is not quite certain that the 'Count's' original intention was to make for Batavia, because when he left here he had provided himself with chaits of the China and neighbouring seas ; and it was not till threatening weather compelled him to put into a port north of Brisbane that be procured a chart of the Austra lian coast. At Coepang he Bold all the charts except the one last mentioned. £o much for tbe late proceedings of a man -who, what ever bis pretensions to the character he assumed, possessed undoubted cleverness, and succeeded in accomplishing no small amount of swindling during his brief Australian career. We suppose the next that will be heard of will be his receiving punishment for his frauds at Sourabaya, or, what is more likely, his being forwarded to Europe, where his largest transactions took place. 