2 HE NEWS OF THE DAY. There wero several deputations to Ministers yesterday, the most important of which were, ono from the Licensed Victuallers' Association, to the Attorney- General, on the new Licensing Bill, and the other from tho representatives of the varioas Friendly Sooieties to tho Minister of. Landa, ia reference to tho North Bo tanical Reservo. Tho members of the li censed victuallers' deputation nnanimonsly recommended that tho bill previously intro duced by Iho present Attorney General shonld be nt on^c modified and passed. Tlw principal alterations desired were tho increasing of the present licensing fee, tho abolition of grocora' licences, the cloainp; of all public houses, ex cept thoBO absolutely required for public con venience, nt ten o'clock, tho periodical visita tion of all licensed houses by an official inspec tor, nnd the provision that the licensing bench shonld consist of only one magiatrata specially appointed. The Becond deputation was in re forenco io the appointment of trustees for tho North Botanical E, serve, which had been granted to tho Friendly Societies as a pluco to hold their festivities. The lion. Mr Grant, after hearing i-- deputation, advised the vari ous societies to agree iffiOng thfmsclycB an to their trustees who should represent them, and to send in their names to him, when he wonld arrange ^ith Mr Hodgkinaou and some, other gentleman, who would be appointed trustees in tho interest of the goneral public. To-morrow will be tbo anniversary of American independence-, but of course the celabration, or rather the recognition thereof, svill be deferred till Monday, when tho Tluitsd States Consnl will bold nn 'At Home' nt his resilience, Hawthorn, inviting thither his fellowcountry men. Tho Public Library wn§ re-opened yfster dav afternoon, after beisg closed for several days to take stock, Tho Privilege cose camo again before the Supreme Court for n few minutes yesterday. In re Hugh Glass, Mr Adaaison applied to their Honors silting in Banco for decision in tho matter of costs iu tho rulo nisi obtained by tho Crown to set aside tho order of tho Chief Justice, nnd which rulo had been dis charged by tho court. After a minute or two's consultation, tho Chief Justice remarked, 'Wo say nothing nbout coats, therefore the costs on either side fall to tho ground.' Tho inquiry into the M'Nicol ease, whioh was to havo commenced yesterday morniue, at the Crown Lands Office, was postponed, at tho request of Mr M'Nicol, until Tuesday next. Should there bo any failure of justice iu tho second ptosacutiou institntod against Lavinger, for tho murder of tho nnfortunato Polynesians, there aro not a- few who will consider it almost futilo tonttempt tho punishment or prevention of outrages] so repugnant to human and divine law. We understand that the Attorney General hns fonnd it necessary to despatch n Bpecial officer to Sydney for the purpose of rendering availablo some important evidence, tho naturo or even the existence of which had not transpired till recently. Tho Anstralun Diamond Mines Company close their sharo litt today; Messrs Clurka and fcCo. ndvertiBe thoy will bo open to re ceive npplications till nine o'clock p.m. The nows from the mine still continues very an cournging, for on Tuesday nnd Wedneaduy the company's workmen washod twenty-threo dia monds, and these, with thirteen on Monday, make thirty-six precious atones brought to light for tho first three days of this week. If bicycles fire allowed to spin about our streets at night, wo shall not have to go to Goelorjg for accidents. Last evening, at half past six o'clock, nri inexpert individual camo down the ball in Bourke-street, on a ' boltei1,' ond cut his way through tho crowd at the crossing of Eussell- street, fortunately injuring no ono, although it was a very narrow eBcapo for ono passenger. A runaway horeo nnd cart is less to be dreaded than a runaway bicycle, since the course of tho latter is perfectly noise less, nnd when, if the driver sees danger, he cannot stop till the mischief is done. The usual meeting of the Victorinn Perma nent Property Investment and Building Society wns held at 20 ColliES-ftroot eatt, last night ; Mr Crews presided. Tho report of business done during the preceding mouth stated that the receipt! were £17,604 5s 7d, being the largest nmount received in any month sinca tho commencement of the society. 561 shares wore advanced to borrowing mombers, repre senting £14,025 in cash ; 1523 new shares were issued during the month, making a total issue of 32,510 shares. Tho nocoptancos for the Croxton Park Stoe plocha3O nnd Hurdle, and tho entries for tho Maiden Steeplechase and Hurdle R*ce nro duo on Monday next at the Albion Hotel, at 7 p.m. An apparently well-grounded complaint has reached us against tho manner in which diving operations nt the sunken ship Hurricano aro conducted. It would naturally occur to a person of common humanity that the psBsen gerB' luggage should bo brought up in tho first place, if possible ; hut, a9 a matter of fact, although tho luggige is just as accessible as the cargo, the solitary diver employed at the wreak has been engaged almost entirely in rescuing tho latter. Tho sole motive for this seems to be that n larger percentage is obtained by tho contractors on the cargo. Only three passongew' ohosts have been b;oaglt up, and at the rate tho operations are going on, it is probablo thit the romainder will not bo ob tained for another month or two. This is very hard on the unfortunate passengers, who escaped with nothing beyond tho clothing they wore. It will n» donbt bo satisfactory to the publio to learn that at the forthcoming Masonio ball effectual means will bo taken ts prevent the inlrnsion of improper vioitors. Wo notice that tho Phillip Islanders aro nt last to have direct communication with Mel bourne, ns three fast steamtugs, tho My« tory, Relianoe and Sophia, are going to ranlio weekly trips between Melbourne and Western Port. Tho next lecture of the Early Closing eerie3 will bo given on Monday week, by the lion. A. Michie, who takes for his subject ' Loyally, Royalty, anil the Prince'a Visits.' Mr L. Bnvolot exhibits two very ngreoable landscapes, in oil, at Messrs Wi'kie, Webster and Allan's. One represents tho homestead at Mr W. Cumming's Mount Fyans station, nnd the otl-er a view in another part of the Bame. Tho pictcres aro locally faithful in a remarkable degreo, and are executed with the most minute caro, and with capital effect. Taking in, as they both do, miles of country, they will be hieblv prized in future years, when the face ol the land is changed. It will bo recollected that at the trial of John Mungovou for perjury at the March Criminal SesBions, arisiDg out of nn attempt to evade tlio provisions of the Laud Act, the prisoner was found guilty on the second count of the indict ment, and that judgment was respited until re served points were argued before the full court in Banco. The case took'precedenco of tho civil cases yeiiterday. Mr Follows was hecr.l in snpport of tho objections, which numbered some six or seven, but tho main ono was tho point that under tho -t'2nd section tho Crown had no power to grant more than ono lease of 20 acres to ouo individual. Four leases bad beon granted to Michael Mungovan, tho prisoner's brother, who, in order to obtain the consent of the Board of Liud and Works to his tran9ferringthe land, made a statutory declaration to the effect that Michael Mungovan had effectod improve ments on tho land to the valno of £80, which was false. Mr AdamBon roplied for the Crown, contending, from the language of the olause, which was very comprehensive, and its grammatical construction, thot the Governorin Counoil was justified in granting more than one licence to ono individual. Tho court reuervoc judgment till the firat day of next term, and the prisoner's bail was enlarged till that c!ay. In re Terry v. Commercial Bank, a rnle nisi to enter a verdict for tho defendnnts, -vas, after nrgument, dig oharged. In, re Lyster v. Fergnsson, _n rula nisi for a new trial on the ground of misdirec tion, the court reserved ite decision. In re the Quoen v. Howitson, arguments were partly hoard when tha court adjoirncd till next day. In Equity the cou'.t was engaged all day_ in hearing evidence in re Toohey v. Steains, which was only partly heard when tho court adjourned till the next morning. At tho inaugural dinner of the Old Colonists' AssoeiEtion, on Thnrsday night, tho hon. W. Hull, in proposing iha^toast of ' Tho land we live in,' digressed into a jeremiad on tho dis covery of gold. ? &hd; tbo influx in J8SI-2-S oi ' Workiag mon, and the sweepings of tho workhouses or tho gaols nt home,' who came to the colony to seek for gold ; and he then in dulged in n pican of self-glor.ucation mat tae old colonists did not come to Viotoria for such nn ignoble purpose.^Tho hon. J. S. Johnston responded, nnd, in doing so, remarked that tho land replied to tho toast herself, in her wool, gold, corn nnd wine. Apropos to Mr Hull's assertion that old colonists did not come to Victoria to seek for gold, he related cu in cident that occurred many years ago jn the West Indies. One evening he was at a party where a number of young men. wero congre: gated, nnd, naturally, thoy begr.n to talk about homn. Some had come just for chnuya nnd to see life, nnd several of them who bailed from the north side of the Tsvoed spoke with Scotch pride of the lairds nt home ; one had a fnther that was a Lord Provost, and another had an uncle that was a bsiliio; nnd all of them had no necesiity for leaving home, but were there in the mere pursuit cf pleasure. A yonng Irish doctor, who had been quietly listening to the boastings of the rest, presently chimed in with, ' Oh, I was as well off as any of you ; it was not for want I camo to the West Indies, for I bn.1 plenty of that at home.' Of course Mr Johnston's anecdote may bo open to the objection that it was neither new nor trne, but tho dry humor \fith which he told it seemed to be almost ns exhilaratiucr as the dry cbainpagno in which the toast was drunk. It is reported in Wesloyan circles, and wa publish it merely as a rumor, that tho Kav. J. S. Waugh, chairman of tho Melbourne Dis trict nnd president of Wesley College, has ac eppted the superictendency of tho Melbourne East Circuit, ia the place of tho Into Rev. Wm. mil, until Iho meeting of tho Wesloyan Con ference. Whether in conse (pence of this new appointment Blr Wnngh resigns his connec tion with Wesley Collegp docs not Eeem to be even rumored about as yet. One of tho many charms of the Botanical Gardens at the present season is the ploasant warbling of the thrushes amidst tho foliage, reminding one of old times and associations. Those harbingers of spring, the acacins, are now flowering iu grent numbors. The Madern laurol, which has recently been raised, promises to flourish in the gardens. Among3t the donations recently received are some valu able plants for tho gardens nnd museum from North-west Australia, farwnrded by Mr Allan Hughes, uu old Victorian colonist, at present engaged in pearl fishing on the norlh-wcst No less than four cases woro admitted io tho Hospital ycterday. John Belfonl, a work man in tho Cirron Timber Yard, while lifting a log of timber, had hia auklo accidentally frnctaroil. William Parker, an employe nt tho Carlton Brewery, also broko his nnklo by fall ing from n scaffold. Thomas Colo, a lad six teen years of age, bad his wrist broken through getting it between tho cog-wheels of the ma chino at the Richmond rope wnlk, where he was omployod. A man named Jamos Sharp was also admitted Buffering from severo cuta on the head, he having fallen from a ladder at Mcsara Civiofc'a, clotbiois, SwanBton-street, whore ho was cleaning tho windows. All tho cases ore progressing favorably. According to the Sendigo Evening Neics, tho diamond fever would appear to havo ex tended to Sandhurst. ' On Thursday we no ticed a nutnbttr of boys searching tho bed of the creek in places where the w»ter is shallow, for precious stones, and grasping at every stone of an unusual color ; indeed so intent wero they on waking thoir fortune, that it is probablo if thoy stumbled on a nugget thoy would throw it aside with contempt.' Under tho sanaational heading of ' A New Rush at Last,' the Ballarat Mail announces the discovery of a shallow sinking at the Whim Holes : — ' Wo have just learned, and wo announco tho fact with muoli gratification, that a new shallow tank ing has been discovered within about five miles of Ballarat — viz, near the Wuimholes. About ono hundred mtu wero at work yester day (Thursday) afternoon, tho sinking being only from ten to thirty feet, and tho dirt off the bottom yiolding 2 dwt to tho tub, accord ing to our special informant.' Some ' coming oven's,' likely to trouble local officialdom, are foreshadowed by tho liiocrine Advertiser :— ' Wo havo soon a copy of the charges nbont to bo preferred against n certain official at Deniliquin, whose conduct hns for some timo occupied publio attention. Wo thought that n crisis was npproaohing, nnd not before it was domandod. The charges are well defined and formidable, and if the whole, or oven a part of them, can be proved, the public will 8oe of what materials a certain class of Government officials are mado.' This is very positive, and yet there may bo nothing in it, for there- is no mistaking the inuendo of this elegant end refinod stroke Jof humor from theDmiliquin Chronicle: — ' ' Coming Events.' ? Our old Tabby is going to kitten again ! — Winerween Adwcrlwiser.' The m&tch; between tbo Melbourne Football Club nnd tho members of the police force, which iB to come off this afternoon, on the ground ot tho clu'i in the Richmond Park, ia expected to prove very attractive, and thero enn be littlo donbt. that a largo number of Bpeotators will be present to wituess the various spills, doflginga and sly kicks — not alone of tho ball— which aro tolerably certain to bo made. It is thought by many that tho force- nro too heavy for their opponents; but j: those who know of what advantage skill and'ileetuess of foot ns well ns dodging aro in tho game, are ready to back tbo club at odds ngninat their good-natured though bulky opponents. Ono of tho Melbourne correspondents of our provinaial contomporaries (who, of course, know everything) makes tho following mytte rious announcement : — ' I hear that the diffi culties to which a certain well-known proprietor of squatting interests has been lately subjected have had a seriously damaging effect upon his hoalth, and it has been necessary to proucribe the greatest mental quietude.' The somewhat sudden decease of one of the leading practitionors at tho Tasinaniau bar, Mr Samuel Crisp, is annouuoed by tho Hobart Town journals. Mr Crisp was admitted aa a barrister and attorney of the Supreme Court of Tas mania on the 25th of February, 1847, r.ndfroin that peried he has alwajs cd joyed the un faltering confidence and esteem of his fellow colonists. He died at the early age of forty-six years, but 'leaving as a legacy to his ohil dren tho fair fame and reputation of a true friend, nn amiable gentleman, and ono whose honor as a practitioner never know a ques tion.' Tho Conrt of Mines hitherto held at St. Andrews ia in future to be held at Heidelberg, in tho Caatlemaino district. There were 120 births and 57 deatbB regis tered in the metropolitan and snbnrban districts during tho week ending 26th June. Tho Government offer a reward of £20 for information which may load to tho dotection of the incendiaries who, on' tho 23rd of May, burned down some huts near the Ormond saw mills, Bungareo. A fatal nccident, resulting from tho careless handling of firearms, occurred to Mr Armstrong, aged about sixtoen years, on the Upper Murray, onSaturday. While practising with a revolver tho unfortunate young man accidentally Bhot himself through the head. Dr. Mnoller, Yackandandah, was sent for, but whon about forty miles on Iho road ho waa met by a mes senger who informed him that Mr Armstrong had died on Friday, having lingered for nine teen hours after tho occurrence. Tho Ovens Advertiser mentions that tho deceased was brother to Mrs Sydney Watson, of tho Upper Murray. It is neffied in tho Gaiette that Messrs Robert Williams Pohlman and George Jaraes Shepnrd are to be trustees of the land Bet apart for Church of England purposes at Northcoto, in the room of J. W. Jones, re Bigned, and J. L. Grundy, who haa left the colony. It is notified in tho Gazette that his Excel lency the Governor, with the ndvico of the Executive Council, has accepted tho resig nation by H. J. Chamber*, Esq., ot his office as chief examiner of titles. Tho rifle match nt Cistlemaine between the Melbourne, Maldon and Custlemaine Corps, took plnc3 on Thursday, and resulted ns fol lows :— Castlemaino, 477 ; Maldon, 413 ; Metropolitan, 43G ; consequently tho Castlo mainians are the viotors. There wero seven rounds fired, und tho distances were 200, 500 and 600 yards. Soino rather important despatches addressed by Earl Gninville, Secretary of S'.ato for the Colonies, to hia Excelleaoy Sir Henry Manners Sutton, are published in the Government Gazette, One embodies a ciutionto ship masters against using unlawful manifests for vessels entering ports of the United States. Another haB reference to tho reimbursement of payments made by consular officers on ac connt of diBt«63ed British, colonists in straugo lands. If Tasmania had no other distinction, her game laws und tho manner in which they are carried out seem sufficient to secure her nn equivocal celebrity. As nn example, we quote the Mercury :— ' On Monday afternoon, about half-past two o'clock, the attention of sovernl bystanders about tho Stone Buildings, Hobart Town, was called to a young Btripliur, dressod in a blue amock and a felt hat, cloetly handcuffed, and proceeding up the ro&d; in I custody of a constable. Sights of tbia kind nro. happily, naiv very raro in tbo colony, and, consequently, many inqnirics were made as to who tbo felon could be, und various suggestions offered aa to the natnro of tho horriblo crime ho might hava cammittoil, while two or tbreo gentlemen crossed towards Welch's, and the following colloquy took place : — In- quirer: 'Pray, constable, what offence has the lad committed that he is hand cuffed ia tin's manner ?' Constablo : ' He shot a kangaroo, sir, and I am taking him to tho Cascade Factory, under a sentence of two months' imprisonment.1 Inquirer (to tho boy) : ' U that true, my lad ? What is your name ? Where wero jou tried?' 'At Hamilton, sir. I am tke sen of a farmer, ami my name is James Pearce.' 'But wero you not fined ?' ' No, sir, merely aontenced to two months' im prisonment with hard labor for shooting a wild kangaroo on Mr Gellibrnnd's laud, at the Oaso, and you now see mo handcuffed like a felon, in broad daylight, and ou my way to the prison.' Who will believe tho truthfulneBB of this story twonty years hence?' Another example of tho evil effects of intexi c&ting; liquors has been afforded in the caso of a miner named Jainea Donovan, who wib nd vmtted into the KUmore Hospital on Thursday last, snffering from severo burns recoived at Godfrey's Creek. It appears that tho man was working on tho niyht shift, took too much drink, and on goiug to bis hnt he lay down closo to the fire, when his clothing was lite rally burnt off him, and purls o* his body actually roasted. A sum of £25 ho had in his possession at tho timo becavuo a pray to the llamcs. O.viDg to the attendance o! only one magis trito, MrBowring (the Mayor), the cases for hearing nt the East Collingwood Court yester day were postponed till Tuesdny. A meeting of the congregation of St. Mary's took place on Thursday evening, when the allotment of sittings in tne new portion of the church wnB proceeded with, and a very large number was taken up. Tho internal arrange ments of tho church aro rapidly approaching completion. Those who wero not present at the opening of tho doors at Weston'a Opera Houao last night wero obliged to content themselves with standing-room or go away unable to obtain ad mittance. The programni3 of songs in tho first part included some of the most popular melo dies snug by tbi3 troupe. There waa only ono deparlnra from the programmo, and that was caused by Mr Stewart suffering from a severe cold. Mr Campbell, however, sang, 'Write mo a letter from home,' in place of Mr Btownrt's song, and was loudly applauded. Tho ' Silvor-Bhoo Dance,' by Messrs Kelly and Holly, and tha laughablo sketch of ' Tobias and Biancas,' by Mr Frank Husaey, still maintain their popu larity, and tho veriest hypochondriac will find it difficult to refrain from laughing at tho comicalities in tho programme. A now sketch onttitled 'Ghost in a Pawnshop' (whioh has been announced for some days past) also caused much amusement. To-night there will bo an entirely new programme, but it is likely enough that the audience will also insist upon hearing again many of the old favorito songs and skotchos of this talentod troupe. Every night deservedly adds to the populaiity of 'Tho Black Opera.' The Theatre Royal wes well patronised last night, tho piece being ' Still Waters Run Deep.' To-night Mies Cleveland will com mence a short engagement. Tho character choaen by that !ndy for her re-appearance be fore a Molbourno audience is Emilia, Mr Mont gomery playing Othello. Ellis's Music Ham. continues to bo numer ously patronised, tho entertainments being of such an enlivening character.;) The Seasonat the PoLYnscnuic Hall comes to a closo thiB evening. Great attractions aro promised at tae afternoon and evening enter tainments, nnd no doubt tho visitors on ,_both occasions will be numerous. Tnu School of Design for nvtiBnns estab lished nnd held under tho auspices of the painters nnd ornamental decorators, in the Trades Hall, appears to have flourished since its commencement. Advantngo of it 1b beiag very largely taken by a variety of artisans, and tho committee of management will bo com polled very shortly to avail themselves of tho lurge hall for tho instruction of tho clnsses. At present thero are over sixty members in tho claflGe?, who are irjBtruoted in every description of ornamental drawing, from heraldry down wards. PouiiicATioNs Received. — Tho Victorian Christian Witness for July. Melbourne: SLillivolland Knight. Specially interesting to readers of the Congregational denomination of conrse, but it contains much that may interest general readers also. Tho Victorian Baptist Magazine for Jaly opens with an article upon Mr Jamos Taylor, once amongst the most popu lar and effective of Baptist clergymen, and now fallen proportionately low. Tho writer, with evident Dain. rjorforras the duty of indicating that, as Mr Taylor has added bypoonsy and obatinacy to his acknowledged guilt, his former colleagues have no other alternative but that of '? ceasing to recogsiso him either as a Christian minister or a Christian man.' Tnu Annual Tea Meetinq in connection with the EmeniU-hill Wesloyan Mutual Im provement Association was hold on Thurs day evening, and proved very successful; the chair being taken by Mr Wm. Clever don, the vice-president, in tho absonco of tho Rev. E. J. Watkin through indisposition. A very satisfactory report was read by the secretary, after which the mooting wbb ad dressed by various members in a profitable and interesting manner, evidencing that thoy them selves aro enjoying the benefits of mental cul ture conferred by this and kindred institutions. Several ladies having kindly given their Bervioes, tho programme wbb agreeably varied by musical selections between tho speeohos. Tho usual votes of thanka being unanimously accorded, nnd tho National Anthom sung, the benediction was pronounced, and a very pleasant evening terminated. 