AN ASSASSIN IN THE BERLIN CATIIE DRAL. (From, the Tines' corrcepondent.) "T BELIN, Aug. 11. " I beliovo in God the Father, God tho Son, and God the Holy Ghost." "Yost lio." A uhot, a cry, general commotion. ON Sunday, August 8, in the presence of a numerous congregation, this sacrilegious scene was enacted in the Cathedral Church of Berlin. The Rev. H. Heinrici was standing before the altar, reciting the belief, when a young man rising from a front seat and interrupting the clergyman, gave him the lie, and at once dis charged a pistol at his breast. The next moment he was in the hands of the sexton, and quietly suffered himseolf to be led away to the vestry. A portion of the congregation, seated at a distance, having only heard the report and seen the curling smoke, without any definite nation of what was going on, immediately began to move towards the door, and created considerable tumutlt; but those near the altar, who had boon witnesses of the daring attempt, retained their seats. In preserving their composure they sut imitated the noble example of the clergyman whose life had just been placed in such jeopardy. The Rev. H. IiHirici was unhurt; nor had the moral firmness of the man whose body the ball had missed been shaken. No sooner had the trying interlnde, the details of which seem to have been observed with terrible distinct ness by those near, come to an endl than the intended victim calmly resumed reading the creed, and with redoubled fervour proclaimed that belief the utterance of which had im perilled his life. After this the service was continued in accordlnce with the prescribed ritual. The Rev. H. Heinrici left the altar, wlhen the RIev. Dr. Kiigel ascended the pulpit and preached n sermon, in which he intro duced a passage expressive of his thanks to God' for the miraculous escape of his clerical brother. Quiet had been speedily restored, and the greater portion of the congregation, agitated as they were by the most powerful emotions, left the church only after the final benediction. In the meantime the criminal had been con ducted by a policeman to the nearest station, and examined' by at superior officer. To all the questions put to him he replied with the utmost frankness and composure. He said : " My name is Biland. I am nineteen years of age, a Protestant, and the son of a blacksmith, in the village of Lank, county of Lower Barnim, a few miles from Berlin. My parents sent me to a grammar- school, wishing me to become a candidate for the ministry in the established church. But my eyes were soon opened to the falsehood of the creed I was exlpected some day to teach, .and my dislike was increased to disgust when \--I perceived that many of those professing to believe it were liars at heart. I refused to pursue a career which had become so hateful to me, and resisted all attempts of my parents to force me to persevere. Eventually I saw myself left by them to my own devices, and began to study art—the dramatic art I mean. I wished to become an actor and to preach to the public in my own way; but the religious mendacity rampant around me gave me no rest. Some I saw uttering deliberate un truths, while others, knowing them to be such, listened with contemptuous indiffer.- ence. Gradually I taught myself that sone striking deed was indispensable to rouse tihe public mind from its apathy and chase away the mists of superstition. I therefore deter mined to seize the first favourable oppor tunity that offered for shooting a clergyman while in the act of uttering his accursed per juries. I have done it. I have myself cast the ball and done my best to render the shot fatal. I am sound in body and mind, and scorn the suggestion that I have acted under the disturbing influence of temporary insanity. I perfectly knew what I was about, and ar convinced that there are many able to com prebend the disinterestedness of my purpose though they may, perhaps, not approve tlh method closen to compass it. My design was to shoot Mr. Heinrici, and I was proe pared to pay the penalty of the deed." Such in substance was the statement of tih reckless, misguided young man. Inquiries seem fully to confirm his words. His having missed at a distance of three paces at first gave rise to the surmise that hbe had fired ,with blank cartridge; but it is only too treu that there was a ball in the barrel. 'Th, course of the ball has beue exactly tracedl ,Prssing within an inch of the clergyunltu' ,bead, it penetrated the open balustrade of tihe gallery, in which the dom chor-celebrated for its vocal performances-was stationed, and grazed the cheek of one of the cloristers, a boy of twelve. The little felldw, although his oteelk instantly began to swrell, did net leave the church, but sInig ihis allotted part to the oend. 'The l'since Admtirl Adulbert, the only memboer of the royal fiamily present, whoen tlhe service teas over Ihastoned to express his sympathy too the two clergymen ant the little clorister boy. posed a "revaluation of Ireland on a letting basis," and that so long as the tenant pays a fair rent, thus determined, the landlord shall not evict him without compensation for his tenant-right. This tenant-right might, the Irish Times thinks, ht estimated at "five years' purchase of the tenant's actual interest in the farm, that annual interest being one third or some other fixed proportion of the rent." The sum paid for it should also, it is suggested, be supplemented by the " value of tho positive improvements he may leave behind him." The Irish Times also advises that the absentee landlords should be "sub jected to a special tax, or required, as an alternative, to sell their estates to the govern ment at twenty-two and a half years' pur chase. The proceeds of the absentee tax should be devoted to works of public utility." The estates purchased from absentens '" should be sold in lots of thirty or forty acres, to give tenants with small capital an opportunity of becoming proprietors, and the purchaseshouhld be fiacilitated, as in Prussia, by a system of state loans. Every landlord should be con sidered an absentee, who was unable to prove that lie had resided altogether some fixed pro. portion of the preceding three or live years in Ireland." The London Companies, the Irish S'limes is likewise of opinion, " should be imme diately relieved of the duty of managing Irish estates." The Evening Mail opposes all these views, and considers that " an org?lnization of some special lelensive measures by the lanned interest without delay is required." 'Thle Freeman's Journal mentions Lords Derby, Abercorn, Lurgan, Erne, and Downshire as noblemen on whose estates the tenants practi cally enjoy " fixity of tenure." T'his only question that remains (says the Freeman) is " to determine whether or not any arrange ment can be mnode by law to enable the land lords of Ireland, after fixity of tenure shall have been decreed by law, to obtain any increment of rent due to a continued average increase of rent being made based upon their own improvements." " I this latter be practicable," adds the writer, in allusion to a remark of Lord Spencer in his recent speech at Tl'raloe, "the teriant question is solved, and all other improvements in land tenure, as pen scnt proprietorship and the breaking up of entails, if deoomed advisable for other than tenant purposes, can be prosecuted without impediment." Judging from the social results produced by royalty in England, it is not surprising that the people of Ireland should not be particularly anxious to see more of it. Flunkeyism flourishes with a rankness almost unparalleled under thie rays of the royal countenance, and scenes absolutely degrading to human nature are witnessed when one of her Majesty's children shows its face. Let us take the incident referred to in the last Spectator, which was ivitnessed the other day on the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of an orphanage in presence of the Prince and Princess of Wales:-" There was a grand lunch after the ceremony, and the instant the guests rose the ladies looking on made a rush at the Prince's plate. The purveyor, who, perhaps, thought his spoons were in danger, interfered ; but it turned out that the ladies wanted the cherry-stones the Prince had left from his dessert. They were actually dis tributed one by one as relics, and one young lady, when the stones were all gone, begged and prayed for the crumbs the royal fingers had touched. A week or two ago," says the same paper, " the Princess of Teck had to be protected in the Botanical Gardens by a cordon of police, the ladies rushed after her in such mobs, and, according to one account, made little clutches at her dress. There is a per fection of combined baseness and impudence in such scenes of which only our countrymen seem .nlpable." CARDINAL CULLEN AND THE NATIONAL SYSTEMr.-Cardinal Cullen, flushed with the victory over the Church of Ireland, for which conquest he has ordered public thanksgiving in Dublin on three days in the middle of next monith, has proceeded to a new act of domination. oe has denounced the national schools, not sparing to use vulgar phrases in doing so, and he has announced that Ih, will deny the sacraments of his own church to those who send their children to the go vernment places of education. This arro gance is offensiveo, and it is not impossible that Dr..Cullen may be found to have gone rather too far, for when parliament creates institutions, and a priest menaces with curses those who desire to avail themselves of them, it is a question whether the nation will not expect parliament to protect those whom it invites. TILE Ienrsl EPIScoPAL CIIunon.-The Irish Episcopalians are rallying in earnest for tihe re-enodowment of their church, by means of voluntaryism, and largo subscriptions are being raised-ono gentleman has already given £10,000. The prelates at present -are notdoiug muchlbeyond recommendingprayer, which is of coarse perfectly proper; but the laity are calling upon them to work as well as pray, and to take immediate steps for get ting togother a synod which may choose the governing body proscribed by the disestab lishing act. Lord Justice Selwyn died on Wednesday morning at his residence at Richmond. He had been a long time seriously ill, and had undergone a firmidable operation, from which it was hoped, however, that he hnd recovered. lie was the youngest son of the late Mr. William Selwyn, Q.C., of Richmond, and was horn in 1813. He was called to the bar in 1840, was solicitor-general in 1867, and was appointed one of the lords justices of i'ppeal in 1868. He was a brother of the Iishop of Lichfield. Thomas MnInsworth, aged nine yeoars, living in Stepney, on Wednesday tried to jump over an iron post, by placing his hhands on it. While leaping his hands slipped, and be fell on the tope of the post. Thn turned iron at the toll struckl his stomach with great violence. Ieo screamed loudly, fell upon tih ground, and died on Friday fiom the effects of mnortfication of the intestines, the result of external violence. E.AST'rs IsLAND.-- Thl Topazo brings homo one of the stone images which Captain Cook speaks of having soon ait Easter Is laud in 1772. This spocimon, which will bo pireseontd to the British MaIoeumn, was con Aidcocd the beOt carved inuacgo among those oni the island. It is about eight foot in height, weilghing about four tonls. Ill YcI'EI:Icouci I)IRsA'li''AltANC i OF' (DcIIln cnutl:N.--Quito cca pIimn hi hcceun oroctucd caiuiciguit hpir'lilftsl of lth worcilllg c llcilecic i and tarioiulnd C('rk by tlh oextracrciinary ili uchhc-ccccarace ic c al umc cic cc l of i lch n, coctly of focler yerc, durinig thli liut furtiglit. 30o numerous are the cases stated to have occurred that an extensive system of kidnap ping sooms the only possiblo explanation. The police have had their attention directed to the matter. A PnrNCESS, INDEED.-A fire lately brolko out at Potsdam in an old wooden building, the property of an old day labourer. The grandmother, though an infirm old woman, rushed into the shod in the hope of saving some of the goods, and had really succeeded in dragging out part of a bed, when a piece of burning wood fell on her chothos and set them on fire. Though assistance was imme diately rendered, her back was severely burnt. Just at this moment their Royal Highnesses the Crown Prince and Princess (the Princess Royal of England) arrived at the scene of the misfortune. The old woman was carried to a place of safety, where the Princess, who had accompanied her, dressed her wounds with her own hands, and attended her with the greatest care and gentleness till a medical man arrived. By her command the children were then talken to the palace, and washed and furnished with new clothes. Tie fire burned out without causing any further damage. Queen. THE VISIT OF TIE E1PRESS OF TIIE FnRENCI TO CONSTANTINOPLE.-The prepar ations for the reception of the Empress of the French are being pushed on with great activity. An order for the liveries, which are to be unusually gorgeous, has boon given to Mr. Laurie, the Prince of Wales's tailor; and Mr. Marco Vido, who acted as maitre d' hotel at Salito Bazaar during the late visit of hisRoyal Highness, has been sent to Paris with a credit of £15,000, to com plete the services of plate and to arrange with one of the first purveyors of the Palais Royal to supply the table at Beylorboy during her Majesty's stay. A subvention of £2000 has also been given to Mr. Namn for com mencing his operatic season a month earlier than usual, and he has, it is said, already engaged a strong company in Italy, which will be in Pera by the 1set of September. The Empress will be accompanied by the Prince and Princess Murat, who recently visited Constantinople, and by three ladies of honour and two chaminberlains. A SILLY Bo.--When Robertson (Rev: Wm.) first occupied the pulpit of the Baptist meeting at Cambridge he-was exposed to annoyances fromn the younger gownemoun. They incurred no danger of rustication, being put out of sizings, or even suffering an imposition, for irregularities of that kind. He succeeded, however in the course of a few years in effecting a change, and, Mr. Dyer says, became popular with a largo class. It was soon after his settlement there that a wager arose among a party of undergraduates. One of them wagered that he would take his station on the stops of the pulpit, with a large ear-trumpet in his hand, and remain there till the end of the service: Accordingly he mounted-the steps, put the trumpet to his ear, and played the part of a deaf man with all possible gravity. His friends were in the aisle below, tittering at the hoax; the congregation were scandal; isod; but the preacher alone seemed insenu sible to what was going on. The sermon, was on God's mercy-or whatever the sub1 ject might have been at first, in due time it turned to that, and the preacher proceeded to this effect:-" Not only does God's mercy extend to the most enormous of criminals, so that none, however guilty, may not.if duly penitent, he partakers of the Divine grace; but also there- are none so low, so mean, so worthless, as not to be objects of God's fatherly solicitude and care. Indeed, T hope that it may one day be extended to "- .and then, leaning over the pulpit, .ho stretched out his arm to its utmost length, and placing it on the head of the gownsman, finished his sentonce-" to this silly boy ?" The wager was lost, for the discomfited stripling bolted.-Diary of Henry Crabb Robinson. Some interesting particulars with respect to the Central Pacific Railway are given by the special correspondent of the New York Tribune. It is 690 miles in length, and ii virtually owned by six capitalists, Mr. Loland Stanford (late governor of the state of California, and brother of Mr. Stanford, of Bourke- street east), and Messrs. Hunting ton, Hopkins, and B. and E. B. Crocker; all of Sacramento. These gentlemen porso vered in the face of enormous difficulties and discouragements. They staked upon the enterprise every dollar they possessed,; and there were times when they hardly know whore to look for £20. .Now their surplus on construction may be moderately estimated at 15,000,000 dol. In addition to this stupendous accumulation, they own the land grant, which possesses considerable value, and nearly all the stock of the com-. pany, amounting to 10,000,000 dol. or 11,000,000 dol., already subscribed, and sus ceptible of increase, under the law, to 100,000,000 dol. If the line becomes re munerativo it will make them six of the richest men in America. The death of the indefatigable African ex plorer, Miss Tinnd, has just been announced. This yotung lady, on her way from Murzuk to Ghat on the Abergoush-road, fell a victim to the treachery of some camel drivers, and two of her attendants, European sailors, fell at the same time. Already some members of Miss Tinn6's family have started from Malta to Tripoli to visit the scene of this terrible disaster. lRiss 'innd was hardly thirty years of age. ENoLIeII PICKPOCKETS IN GEEMANY.-The police of Frankfort-on-the-lM\aine, under the direction of Dr. Rumpff, have recently suc coeded in capturing a gang of English pick pockets, who have for some time past been infesting Ems, Homburg, Frankfort, &c.; No less than sixteen have been taken, in cluding a man named William Davis, the captain of the gang. Among the prisoners are two women, and they are all lodged in gaol at Frankfort awaiting their trial. PLAYING WITII GUNPOWDER.-BetweOe the hours of twelve and one o'clock on Friday mnolnitig much alarm was occasioned in the vicinity of the IHouses of Parliament by a sudden and land explosio, which was hoeard distinctly in the corridors of the House of Commons. Several persons passing over Westminster-bridge were also attracted by the loud report, which was followed by a body of smokLoe ascending frotm the oust end of the terrace of the Hliasoes of Parliamient, by thei Comtones' pi'er and teast to the residence of the Spiaiker, The poflios sn duty in the IHouses tiiscovert d a l?tillt c vhiih hald coi tn unl ntip'sier tu a poirtion of a inss. It wtis lurmlNll d by the police tlihat som, niecra,?t, whose purpose could not be ascertained, had thrown the can with its deadly contents from Westminster-bridge and then ran off. No damage was occasioned. The police, although soon on the spot after the explosion was heard, were not able to make any arrests. When the facts of the explosion became known in the House, for a time considerable alarm pre vailed ; but members soon quieted down, and went on with business. A Srnnous CnIEst.-At the Bromley petty sessions, on Monday last, Ellen Smith, a poor woman who gets her living by charing and washing, living at Orpington, was charged with the unlawful possession of a faggot of sticks. Police-constable 186 It, who produced a handful of sticks, said that he met the prisoner, whilst off duty, going home with a bundle of sticks. She told him she had gathered them in the wood of Mr. Berens, one of the county justices for the Bromley division. Mr. F. A. Lewin: What have you got to say to the charge ? Prisoner : If you please, your worships, I had no money to buy coal, and as I was passing through Mr. Berons' wood I gathered a few sticks to boil inv Kettle. There is a patU through toe wood, and I gathered the sticks by the side of the path. The bench fined her 2s. 6d., and 39\. 6d. costs, or seven days. As sha was leaving the dock MIr. Edlmann expressed the hope that it would be a caution to her never to touch sticks in gentlemen's woods again. THE DEEPEST PIT IN ENGLAND.-At the Rose Bridge Collieries, Ince, near Wigan, Mr. Bingham, manager to John Grant Morris, Esq., has just proved the seam of coal known as the Arley, at the enormous depth of 810 yards. At this pit, on the 3rd of March, 1862, the celebrated Wigan cannel was (in this bolt) first found at a distance of 600 yards from the surface; lately the yard mine was found at 673, and now the valuable Arley is struck. It is stated that this pit is now the deepest perpendicular shaft in the world, and that it works the deepest mine yet proved in Britain. When the "dib hole" at the bottom is sunk, the total depth will only be threescore yards of half a mile. DEMANDS OF THIIE RISH ROMAN CATIIOLIO Bishors.-The Roman Catholic Archbishops and Bishops have published a series of reso lutions adopted at their late meeting at May nooth College on the education and land questions. They condemn the mixed system of education, and in particular oppose the perpetuation of it by making Trinity College a mixed college. They ask a distinct college, and a complete secular education on purely Roman Catholic principles, a share of the royal and endowed schools, and a rearrange ment of the Queen's Colleges on the denom ination principle. They add a general resolution on the land quiestion, expressing their belief that its settlement is essential to the peace of the kingdom. THE TRUE STORY OF LADY BYnoN's LrE.--A great sensation has been produced by Mrs. Beecher Stowe's vindication of Lady Byron, or, as she calls it, the True Story of Lady Byron's Life, which commences the September number of Macmillan's Mag azine, and has caused the sale of many extra thousands of copies of that periodical. Mrs. Stowe professes to have the authority of Lady Byron herself for the statements she promulgates; and if what she says be true, an addition must be made to the list of those who may be classed as the " brightest, basest, meanest of mankind," in the person of the great Lord Byron. What the grounds were which caused the separation between Lord and Lady Byron has always been a mystery; though it has been generally understood that Lady Byron's cold, methodical, and un apreciating temperament-so little in accor dance with the poet's ecstacy-was the cause. Lord Byron himself drew his wife's picture as Donna Inez in Don Juan, and gave currency to the notion; while his own beautiful " PFare thee well" and other poems. were supposed to express the feelings of his own nature, which met with no return from his ill-matched wife.. Mrs. Stowe's paper, which, if true, disposes for ever of these illusions, will be read with world-wide in torest. It is but right to say that Mrs. Stowe's version is not accepted uui versally as a true statement of the case; on the contrary, in many quarters the great est doubts are oxpressed, both as to her alleged facts and her deductions from them. Perhaps the strongest testimony to the sub stantial accuracy of her tale is, that the law yoers of Lady Byron's grandchildren, who com plain in the strongest manner of Mrs. Stowe for publishing the statement, and impugn her motives and good taste in doing so, very carefully avoid committing themselves to a denial of the main allegations, but only say that the whole truth has not been told. The question has excited a lively controversy ; and a probable result will be that Lady Byron's statement, which she confided to cer tain trustees for publication whenever they thought fit, will be brought out under the care of some well-known literate on whom the world can rely to let the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, be known. Mr. John Forster's name has already been mentioned. TIen BnIDAL Dirss.-Princess Louise of Sweden's bridal dress is being made in Paris. It is to cost 32,000 francs, and will be of white tulle embroidered with silver. Queen. Loor SoEncrvLLEt.-The" Hen. A. Hodg son statedlately, in a lecture at Brisbane, thatiit was the father of the present Lord Somerville (who when he succeeded to the title was growing sugar on the banks of the Macleay River) that first introduced the m' rino sheep into England in 1770. He sold 237 of them for £10,500, and Mr. John Macarthur, receiving a present of some from the reigning king, they were brought to Australia. And it was a rather curious fact that the four squatters who first settled on the Downs were, in 1866, living within fifty miles of each other in England. NEUTrALISINOG MALARIovU ExuALATIONs. -A simple method of noutralising the doleo torious influence of marslhy exhalations has boon discovered in France. Monsieur Mar tin, in a memoir presented to the Sociotio Thorapoutiquo do Franco, affirms that this desirable result may be obtained by the cultivation on a largo scale of the sunflower. The experiment has boon tried with great success in the fonny districts of Rochlofort; and the Dutch, who, from the peculiar naturo of the country, have every opportun. ity of studying such pholnomeln, nnd must be looked upon an high authorition on the euhjeet, have a firm fith in this apeocilio, an?orting that inltsrmittent laver, the courlllgo of the country, hne totally distppJcarted from every llotricot in whihl a fair trial haIs boon given to it. The fact appears to be proved, but the method is uncertain; it being a dis puted question whether the sunflower acts on the atmosphere merely like any other plant of rapid growth by the production of oxygen; or, whether, like the coniferre, it emits ozone, and thus destroys the germs, animal and vegetable, generally supposed to constitute the miasma which produce fever when present in the atmosphere in large quantities. THE FORCE OF EXAMIPLE.?We notice that a great number of candidates for office when nominated and urged to speak, declare that they "can't make speeches." So much for the example of General Grant.-New York Times. 