ANNE HEREFORD. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." CHAPTER XXV. 9 RE DAS EsCAPED ME.' LITTLE was Edwin Barley prepared for the At which met his eyes in the bed, laid out in his shroud, sleeping ""fill sleep of death, was the emaciated ferrGelrgo Heneage Chandos. Mr Edwin Britr gazed at him' and the PersPiratiOn bloke (.utottbiäfor-head BT heaven ? he has escaped me ' He have reaped all the foes of this world," s s gi,. Harry, lowly and reverently " Ho 3n rest from persecution, and we are at rest from open e and anxiety " It has destroyed my life's aim," observed Mr Edwin Bailey And is it your thirst for revenge When a pursues another with the persistent hatred that von he pursued him, it can be called no help, in. time revenge " Revenge What do you mean? He did commit the murder He hand was the hand that killed Philip r T but it was not intentional murder He For knew exactly at the time or since-how he fired the gun, save that his elbow caught sum at the branch of a tree when the gun was Ci some movement of his own undoubtedly caused it, he know that, but not a wilful He asserted this with his dying lips before satin" the Sacrament " Wilful 01 not wilful, he murdered Philip PJUS m i ted Mr Edwin Barley and had paid for it The banned Ufo he u been obliged to live since was surely an ex Biitua H'S punishment was greater than he could bear, it was prolonged and prolonged, and his heart broke " Mr. Edwin Bailey had his eyes fixed on the ad face, possibly tracing the likeness to the had once young man of nine or ten years ago Of other crime towards you he was met Kit pursued Sir Harry " He never injured t j or yours there might have been folly in b heart in the heyday of his youth and spirits , there was no in You have been unreasonably rad etive I say to, ' returned Mr Edwin Barley, I bring to suppress an emotion that was using sidwell 1.0 be suppressed "Had I ever sured George Heneage, that he should come as my home and make it desolate? What he my wife of my yard done to him that he said take their lives He killed both of lies the one deliberately, the other indirectly, ex her early death arose out of the trouble Charlotte DVCS Mrs Penn now, of whom complain lost her only relative, saving when she lost Philip King And for I was left in that same desolate home, IWtoi all I cared for, left to go through life use Few men have loved a wife as I loved ce she was my one little ewe lamb, Hairy CASE' Vindictive Think of my wrongs " Looking there at each other, the dead face I In." between them, it might be that both felt threat under to forgive Certainly Huny Chinese had never until that moment realized su rv it had brought to Edwin Barley Lee we have all alike suffered But he licensed the suffering is beyond reproach As things have turned out the game is by Sir Harry said Mr Edwin Bailey, who has much a men of the world to persist in to him the title, now he found it was so is a dispute Ins ' For my actions I am an ratable to none and were the time to come eras a n I should do as I have done I He turned to quit the room as he spoke, and Ir Chandos followed him down stairs A « ord hanged at their foot caused Mr Bailey to nine what it was Mrs Dean had done and father Sir Harry gave him the full particulars the ad htional information that she was wed to have been acting for him Edwin 'ver She was not" said Mr Bailey, shortly I knew nothing of this placed in the house in, Sir Harry! She placed herself in the 5 6 and conclude, certainly I did not place You have met her in secret in the sad "have in t her accidentally, not secretly once I ii ii it Was. or three times, I am not -e She chose to repent things to me , I did it for them Not that they were of any worth is- the unmolested retirement of George eve here proves " Di'Toir vines will over been found?' its & rr' sPenltlnßuPon impulse show is that to you ?" asked Mr Edwin says turning to face him " Do you wish to st tait I suppressed the will?' No less would like me to make a most of 5 'a side offer Miss Hereford a present of laws continued Mr Edwin Barley, a ring is in his tones ,*Bf by means ' hardly replied Sir Harry Herefords future position in life will I je her feeling the want of it Yon in *~ ne the last time I had the honor of "stood that you were Miss Herefords r '! show as such, allow me to acquaint you defect that show to be my wife IBT Cd Would end in theft'" was Mr «fleys answer "And I tell you of that I would have removed her from I am" PreVEnt it had it been in my 4 h V the child my wife loved her . weather she married any one in the Barnardos It is too late now I 55 to-date Although I am a Chandos, ter r '? make her happy Mr Edwin M, do my best for it" 3 untie interview ended CHAPTER XXVI BlCSroBAYE s.TOn DOS virtue . , I sat pas Si nor the iron dit," runs I I I ¿,!C,'îymS in France We have it I" ou u the World of course knows ! a ft ', be that is, less wrong-to fee 3 TmCr knSuag<> Wo girls at hatchets i1!0"60 had one of us Ten I agree 96s once at Miss Fenton's, TOä could have grown round with H R Way ,Qpphcd to Mrs Edwin Barley on an, "Passionately, bringing reason '(a t M w retrospect, I could not trace one the is in him that would JUStify me I " and, if. so bod a man" Tttking 'old and by first yl0K of him' when I H iJ°Hmlï Sly favo peeped out ""3. st HaUam, frightening me terribly and from the dreadful events that followed, in which my childish imagination mixed him up as the worst actor, this prejudice had lived and grown in my mind. He had really done nothing to merit it. There was the abstracted will, but it was not proved that he had taken it probably he had not. I had been too young to realise the terrible blow brought upon him through George Heneage And, as we got to know later, the vindictive feeling with which he had pursued him through all those years had in its rise in self-defence, as well as in a desire to inflict punishment. The semi-doubt cast, or to himself seeming to be cast on Mr. Edwin Bar- loy at the time, in the remarks that he had been the only one to profit, and that largely by Philip King's death, had rankled in his mind, implanting there a burning anxiety, apart from other considerations, to bring to light the real criminal. For his own part, he had never for a moment doubted that it had been intentional, deliberate, cruel murder. And I have grown to think that the exaggeration be imparted to Philip King's dying words arose unwittingly in the confusion of the moment that he was not conscious he did so exaggerate. A passive listener hears words more clearly than an actor. Altogether, the variable was not so black as my fancy had painted him indeed, I began, as days went on to doubt whether the word would apply to Mr. Edwin Barley at all. One does not grow wise in on hour ; no, not even in a year : youth clings to its prejudices, and it takes experience, and age, and sober judgment to subdue them. Mr. Edwin Barley went home after quiting Chandos. Seated there, her things off, and a luncheon tray before her, with no trace of her luggage to be seen, was Charlotte Delves-Mrs. Form of late years. Was she intending to take up her present quarters at his house P the question mentally occurred to Mr. Edwin Barley, and it did not tend to his gratification. Not if he knew it he had not been upon cordial terms with Charlotte Delves for years and what he had now heard of her line of conduct at Chandos had vexed him. There must be a word or two of retrospect. Shortly after Selina's death, Mr. Edwin Barley went abroad. Not a place on the European continent but he visited, one feverish object alone swaying him-the discovery of George Heneage. The detective police were at work in England with the same view : all in vain. At the end of three years he came back home and almost close upon it there occurred some rupture between him and Charlotte Delves, who had remained at Hallam all that time of the house's mistress. People thought she cherished visions of becoming the house's bond fide mistress, its master's wife ; if so, she was lamentably mistaken. Mr. Edwin Barley was wedded to Selina and her memory he had no intention of exalting another into her place. Whether Charlotte Delves found out this in too sudden a manner ; whether the cause was totally unconnected with this, certain it was a rupture occurred ; and Charlotte throw up the housekeeping, and quitted the house. She took the same kind of service with an elderly man, a connection also, of the name of Penn, who had a young daughter, Lotta. Subsequently Char- lotte Delves married him, and very shortly afterwards was called upon to bury him. The young girl, Lotta, by whom her stepmother seemed to have done a good part, died within a year and Mrs. Penn, left with a slender income, chose to go out in the world again. She became companion to a lady, and the years passed on. Time softens most things. Mrs. Penn grew to forget her fleeting marriage, and with it the episodes of her middle life and went back to her own liking and prejudices. Her heart's allegiance to Edwin Barley returned ; she was of his kin, and the wrongs inflicted by George Heneage, temporarily forgotten, resumed all their sway within her. While she was at Mar- don (travelling about from place to place with Mrs. Howard), some accidental occurrence caused her to suspect that George Heneage, instead of being abroad, was in concealment in England, and within a drive of Chandos. She at once wrote news of this to Mr. Edwin Bar- boy, with whom she had held no communication since the advent of a letter of his at her marriage It caused him to remove himself, and four or five of his household, to the vicinity of Chandos. There he took up his abode, and spent his time watching the house and the movements of Mr. Chandos, in the hope to gain some clue to the retreat of George Henry age With this exception, his watching which caused him to stroll at unorthodox hours into the groves and private paths, to peer in at windows by night-his watching was inoffensive Mrs. Penn, on her side, seized on the opportunity afforded by Mrs. Freeman's illness (it was as though fortune favored her and got into Chandos. My presence in it might have been a serious counter check, only that I did not recognise her. She did not recognise me in the first interview, not until the day when I sent in my name at Mrs. Marsden's. Of course Mrs. Ponn's object after that was to keep me in ignorance of She had really boon to Nullo for a week or two ; it was the autumn I first went there had been me at church with the school, and so tried to persuade me it was there I had seen her. Much as she wanted me away from Chandos in the furtherance of her own ends, cruel as were the means she used to try to effect it, she had, strange to say, taken a liking forms and in her dislike to Mr. Chandos she had not much cared what wild untruths she told me of him, hoping to separate us effectually. Of her effecting an entrance into Chandos as companion, Edwin Barley knew nothing. After she was settled there she looked out for him, and waylaid him in the grounds. With the change in Mrs. Penny's person, and the remark able change in her hair, Mr. Edwin Barley had some difficulty in believing it to be Charlotte Delves. The hair was an unhappy calamity. Mrs. Penn, beguiled by fashion and confidential advertisements to wish to turn her light flaxen hair to gold cobs, had experimented upon it the result was not gold, but a glowing, permanent, scarlet-red. She told him she was watching at Chandos for his sake. Mr. Edwin Bar- loy, an implacable man when once offended, was cool to her, declining, in a sense, to accept her services. If she made discoveries that could assist in the tracking of George Heneage, well and good ; she might bring them to him and so the interview ended. Mrs. Penn might have made a discovery to some purpose but for two things. The one was that she was a real coward, and believed the ghost, haunting the side-walk, to be a ghost : the other was that she took up a theory of her own in regard to the west wing who assumed that Lady Chandos had become mad; to this she sat down all the mystery created in it ; and this view she imparted to Mr. Edwin Barley. I Ho neither asked her to bring tales to him, nor I encouraged her to do it, if she worked, she worked of her own accord and his doors remained closed to her. At least Mrs. Penn did not choose to try whether they would be open. Until this day and her entering them now could not be said to be of her own seeking. She sat taking her luncheon, cold partridge and sherry. Mr. Barley entered in silence, and stood with a dark expression on his lips. Charlotte knew it of old, and saw that something had not pleased him. Things had very much dis- pleased him; firstly, the escape of the long sought-for prisoner j secondly, Madam Charlotte's doings at Chandos. Mr. Edwin Barley might have winked at the peering and prying, might have encouraged the peeping into letters ; but to steal things (even though but in appear once) he very much disapproved of, especially as he was looked upon as having instigated her. " What's the matter, Mr. Barley ?" asked Charlotte, helping herself to some more partridge "He is there, is he not?" " Who ?" " George Heneage. In the west wing." " Yes, he's there. I've seen him." "Ah, I know it," she said, with a relieved sigh, and she suddenly poured out another glass of sherry, and lifted it to her lips. " Here's to your health, George Heneage ! Have the police got him ?" "No. The police have gone. I dismissed them." Charlotte flung down her knife and fork in a passion. " Dismissed them ! Without taking him ! Are you going to show leniency at the eleventh hour, like a weak woman, Mr. Edwin Barley? After what I have done to trace him ?" "You have done a little too much," returned Mr. Edwin Barley. And, abandoning his short and crusty answers, he spoke at length his opinion of her acts at Chandos. He was not in the humor to suppress any bitterness of tongue, and said some keen things. Charlotte went into a real passion. What with the disappointment at finding Mr. Edwin Barley in this mood, which seemed to promise badly for her semi idea of prolonging her stay under his roof; what with his ingratitude after all her pains ; what with her recent ignominious exit from Chandos and what with the good old Sherry, that is apt to have its effects when taken at mid-day, Mrs. Penn lost control of her temper. Prudence was forgotten in passion and Mr. Edwin Barley was doomed to listen to the wild ravings of an angry woman. Reproach for the past, for things that she had deemed wrong in the bygone years, came out all the more freely for having been pent up within her so long. She contrasted her conduct with his her over anxious solicitude for his interests ; his neglect and cruel non-recognition of them. As the most forcible means of impressing his ingratitude upon him, she recapitulated the benefits she had wrought one by one talking fast and furiously. Mr. Edwin Barley, a cool man under petty grievances, listened in silence ; he had said his say, said it with stinging coldness and it was over. Feeling very much inclined to stop his ears was so, when something, further said by her, caused him to open them, as cars had never perhaps been opened yet. Charlotte had shot beyond her mark in her reckless rose 6 and was scarcely aware that she had done so until Mr. Edwin Barley, his face and eyes alike ablaze, seized her wrists. She had gone too far to retract, and she brazened out her avowal, making a merit of it, rather than taking shame. It was she who had stolen Mrs. Edwin Bar- ley's will. She, Charlotte Delves. She had taken it as a duty-in her regard for his, Edwin Barley's, interests. Who was the child, Anno Hereford, that she should inherit what of right belonged to him When she had appeared to find the keys in the china basket on the mantel shelf, it was she who had put them there ready to be found. There ensued no reproach from Mr. Barley's lips. At first she thought he was going to strike her, staring at her with his white and working face; but the minutes passed, and he overcame his emotion. Perhaps be feared he might be tempted to strike her if he spoke ; it seemed as if a blow had fallen on him as if the depth of feeling aroused by her confession were, not so much wrath, as a sense of awful injury to himself that could never be repaired. " What became of the will ?" was the only question he put when the silence was getting ominous to her cars. " I burnt it. It was done for you. Through- out my life I have had regard only to the interests of the Barleys. And this is my re- compense reproach and base ingratitude !" He quitted the room without speaking another word. This was the worst dose Mr. Edwin Barley had received. He knew that the disappearance of the will had been set down by some people to his own hands. Why, had not Sir Harry Chandos hinted at as much, but an hour ago ? He had treated the post insinua- tions with contempt, always insisting that there had been no will to abstract-for he fully believed his wife had herself repented of the testament and destroyed it. He knew how capricious Selina was never keeping in the same mind two days together. And now he had to hear that the world was right and he wrong the will had been abstracted. It did not tend to soothe him, the being told that it was taken out of regard to him and to his moneyed interests. Altogether he deemed it well to cut short his interview with Mrs. Penn. That lady, finding the house intended to show itself inexorably in hospitable, put her bonnet on and went forth to the railway station of her own accord, her bag gage behind her. Whether she should annoy Mr. Edwin Barley by sundry letters of reproach, one of the reproaches being that he had never cared for any living being but his doll of a wife ; or whether she should wash her hands of him altogether, and treat him henceforth with silent contempt, she had not determined in her mind. She inclined to the letters. Taking for sent in a first-class carriage, she would have leisure to think of it and decide on her journey to London. And now I can go back to myself. I saw none of them all the afternoon. After the departure of Mr. Edwin Barley, Sir Harry Chandos went out with Dr. Baker. Mrs. Chandos and Madame de MclUssio were in the east wing, and, I fancied, Lady Chandos with them. Emily had offered to take Mrs. Port's place for a short while, so for as sitting with Mrs. Chandos went ; it was one of the best natured things I had known her do. Oh, but it seemed to me ominous, the suffering me to sit there all the afternoon alone, no I companion but myself and the oak parlor, and I with death in the house ! Words, dropped by Emily to her brother about his changed position, were boating their sad refrain on my brain. His position was indeed changed and I was but a poor governess, although I might be the descendant of the Hoppo Carews. I quite thought that the neglect now cast upon me was an earnest of proof that the family at least would not countenance my entrance into it. Well, I would do what was right, and give him back his fealty: I could but act honorably, though my heart broke over the separation that might ensue. It was dusk when Mr. Chandos came back the old name will slip out. " All alone in the dark, Anno ?" he said, draw- ing up the blind a few inches. It gave a little more light, and I could see his features. He looked pre- occupied ; but I thought the occasion had come to speak, and ought to be seized upon. What should I say ? How frame the words necessary for my task P With my bonds and lips trembling, brain and heart alike beating, I asked incoherently if he would allow me to speak to him He stood looking at me in sur- prise-at my evident agitation and whitening lips. " It is only right that I should speak ; I have been waiting all the afternoon to do so, Mr. Chandos-I beg your pardon, I mean Sir Harry, I brought out at last, and the very fact I of speaking gave me courage, "I wish I wish--" " Why, Anno, what is the matter ?" he asked, as a great breath, like a sob, stopped me, " What is it that you wish ?" " To tell you that I quite absolve you from anything you have said to me : and the shame I felt at having betrayed emotion brought to me a a sudden and satisfactory coldness of manner. " Please not to think any more about me. It is ] not your fault, and I shall not think it is. Lot it all be forgotten." A perception of my meaning flashed upon him, badly though I had expressed it. He looked at me steadily. " Do you mean not think further of making you my wife ?" " Yes." " Very well. But now will you tell me why you say this ?" I hesitated. I think I was becoming agitated again : all because know I was getting through my task BO stupidly. " Circumstances have altered with you." " Well, yes, in a measure. I am a trifle richer than I was, and my wife will be body instead of Mrs. Chandos. Why should you object to that ?" " Oh, Mr. Chandos, you know. It is not I who object, but your family. And perhaps yourself." " Anno, I vow I have a great mind to punish you for that last word. Oh, you silly child !" he continued, putting his arms round my waist, and holding me close before him. " But that it would punish me as well as you, I'd not speak to you for three days : I'd let you think I took you at your word." Please don't joke Don't laugh at me" " Joko ! laugh 1 I suppose you think that under the ' altered circumstances,' as you call them, I ought to renew my vows. And, by the way, I don't know that I ever did make you a formal offer : one that you could use against me in a suit of breach of promise Miss lloroford, I lay my heart and hand at your disposal. Will you condescend to be my future wife ?" Partly from vexation, partly from a great tumult of bliss, I gave no answer. Sir Harry took one for himself. Ay, and was welcome to take it. With my face in a burning heat with my heart in a glow of love, as if filled with the strains of some delightful melody, with my whole being thrilled with raptures run up stairs, barely in time to change my dress for dinner, and nearly ran against Lady Chandos, who was coming out of the cast wing. " There are two girls, who, strong and mighty, Under their guidance mulching retain ; And the name of' the lovely folio in Pleasure, And the name of the family one Is Plain. Never divided, where one can enter for the author comes close behind ; And he who is pleasure his thoughts would centre, Surely pain in his search Hills line." The good old words (and I don't at this present moment of writing recollect whose they are) came forcibly to my mind in their m proa save truth. The sight of Lady Chandos changed my pleasure to pain for I had had no warranty from him that she would approve of what he had been doing. Bounding into my bedroom, I stood there at the open door until she should pass : it would not do to shut it in her face, as though I had not seen her. But instead of passing, she turned to me. While my head was bowed in silent salutation, she halted, and put her hand upon my shoulder, causing my face to meet hers. With the consciousness of whose it had just met, and very closely with the consciousness of feeling like a miserable interloping girl, who was to be exalted into the place of her successor against her approving will, no wonder I trembled and bent my shrinking face " And so you are to be my daughter-in-law ?" The words were not spoken In angry pride, but in gentle kindness. I looked up and saw love in her eyes and she might see the gratitude that shone in every line of mine. " Harry told me last night, in the midst of our great sadness ¡ after you had been into our poor George's room. My dear, I have heard a great deal of you since I have been upstairs in confinement, and I feel sure you will make him a good wife" In my revulsion of feeling I clasped her hands in mine, thanking her-oh, so earnestly. " There's only one thing," I said, with the tears running down my face. "What's that?" I am not good enough for him And, oh, Lady Chandos, I was so afraid you would not think me so. I have been a governess, you know. I would have given him up, I have just told him so, now he is Sir Harry Chandos." She smiled a little " One objection arose to me when he first spoke that you were therefore of Mr. Edwin Barley. But I have grown to-day to think it may be well to overcome the prejudice Do you know what Harry says ?" I only shook my head. "He says, as Mr. Edwin Barley brought (I must speak freely) a course into our house, you may be destined to bring to it a blessing as the recompense My dear child, I think it will be so." She inclined her hood, and gave me a fervent kiss. I could have knelt to receive it. I pressed her bond as if I could not let it go. I watched her along the gallery, to the west wing, amid my blinding tears. I could Lordly help lifting my voice aloud in thanks to heaven for its great love to me. Hill come up the stairs and broke the charm. " Why, Miss Hereford, you have no light, she said and indeed my chamber was in darkness. "Allow me to light the branches, miss." By the unusual attention solitary candle would have been good enough for me before by the sound of her voice as she offered it, I saw she had heard the news. I could not help putting my hand into hers as she turned round from the lighted branches. " Hill, I hope you will forgot that I used to cross you about that west wing. I did not know what it was, you see. But oh, if you had only told me I would have been so true to you all." Old Hill put her candle down, that she might have her other hand at liberty and she laid it upon mine, making it a prisoner. " Miss, it is I who have got to ask pardon of you for my crossness. We were all living in so much dread, that a stranger in the house brought nothing but extra fear and trouble. But I liked you through it all I like your face that morning, years ago, on the Nullo steamer at London Bridge Miss, it is the same nice face still. And, Miss Hereford, I am not sorry to hear that you are to be for good at Chandos." When I went to my bedroom that night, I found a fire blazing in the grave by Bill's orders, I was sure. Ah me ! with all my natural propensity to be simple-minded, my earnest wish to remain so for ever, I did feel a glow of pride at being tacitly recognised as the future mistress of Chandos. Over this area bright, beautiful fire, on be fitted of dull Houses sat late, reading, musing, half dreaming. The clock struck 12, and still I sat on. For half an hour, or so. It was so delightful to realise my happiness and I was in no mood for sleep. But of course sloop had to be prepared for, and I took my foot from the fender, wondering what sort of a night it was. There had been indications of frost in the evening, and I drew the heavy window curtains back, to take a view outside " No fear of seeing a ghost now," I too boastfully whispered. I thought I should have fainted I nearly dropped on the floor with startled alarm. Not at a ghost : there was none to be soon ; but at something that in that startled moment seemed to me for worse. Emerging from its progress up the avenue, at a snail's pace, as if it cares not to alarm sleepers with its echoes advancing, as it Boomod, upon Boscarne a great, black, dismal thing, savour- ing of the dead. A hearse. A hearse without its plumes, driven by a man in a long black cloak. For a moment I believed I saw a phantom. I rubbed my eyes, and looked, and rubbed again, doubting what spectral vision was obscuring them. But no, it was too real, too palpable On it came, on and on turned round, and halted before the entrance door. I sat down to hold my beating heart sure never wore enacted night alarms like those I had encountered at Chillies. And, while I sat, muffled sounds as of measured footsteps smote upon my car from the corridor. The truth flashed upon me then, and I silently drew my door an inch open. They had gained the head of the stairs, and were stopping there, apparently hesitating how best to get down. Four of them besides Sir Harry Chandos, and they bore a coffin on their shoulders, covered with black cloth, Dr. Lasker, Hiokons, and two men, who looked like car painters. So! that was in the unhappy George Honongo was being removed by night and the stairs of the west wing, as I know later, were too narrow. I could not see, for the hearse was right underneath my window, but I heard the sounds as they put in the coffin, after they had got it safely down. And then the great black thing drove away again, with its slow endeavors stops, some of them following it. It was going to the railway station. Sir Harry and Dr. Lalor were away for two or three days. The funeral had taken place from the doctor's house. There was no real reason why he might not have been buried from Chandos, except that it would have created noise, and put the place in excitement. And so ended the life and history of the ill fated George Honongo Chandos. He who had been the destroyer of the family's tranquility and its fair name, through whom, and for whom they had lived in dread for so many years, having, us Mrs. Penn aptly expressed it, a sword hanging perpetually over their heads, which might fall at any minuteness, the erring man, was laid to rest and had left rest for them. With him, the fear and the dread word gone a almost the disgrace ; there was no further need of secrecy, of retirement, of ghosts, of sleep- walking 5 there was no longer dream of a night invasion by the police. Chandos could hold up its head now in the face of day. Once more there was light in the gloomy house ; the blinds were drawn up, the sunshine was allowed to shine in. The deep mourning was supposed by all, save a few to be worn for Sir Thomas Chandos. When Mrs. Chandos appeared in her widow's garb, people at first treated it as one of her eccentricities, but the truth got to be known in time. Quite immediately Mr. Edwin Barley left the neighborhood. The news of it was brought to Chandos by the agent, who did not appear to understand the thing at all. Mr. Barley's servant had called upon him, to give up the house, and to pay whatever the demands there might be for rent, and also. " Gone clean away !" cried Mr. Dexter, wiping his hot and surprised face. " The which these rich men have I He's gone back to his own beautiful place, The Oaks. The servant (a most respectable man, Sir Harry) says the pro stories there are hardly to be matched in the kingdom, He thinks his sister found the shooting hero poor." Sir Harry glanced at me. It was not the poor shooting that had taken Edwin Barley from Chandos. Only a few mornings subsequently the post brought a packet addressed to Sir Harry Chandos. When I saw it was Mr. Edwin Barley's handwriting, my heart failed me Sir Harry read it twice over, and put it in his pocket, waiting until we should be alone. Oh, what wonderful news he had to tell me I eat and listened as one in a vast maze and when Sir Harry showed me the letter, I read it twice over, as he had done, before knowing whether or not to believe it. Mr. Edwin Barley had made over to me the amount of money left by Selina, with the full interest thereon at five percent. up to the present date. He frankly stated that the mystery of the lost will had now been cleared up : it had been (contrary to his own opinion) abstracted, and, as he found burnt. He did not give any hint as to the culprit ; with all his sins, he was too much of a gentleman to do that I could acknowledge it now that my prejudices were partially removed : but we felt sure (and know it later) that it was Charlotte Delves. This money he had caused to be settled on me to my exclusive use and benefit. no informed Sir Harry that the first instalment of the half yearly interest was waiting to be drawn by me. "So you are an heiress, after all," said Sir Harry, laughing. " You can buy your wedding dress." But I did not laugh. I was thinking how I had misjudged Mr. Edwin Barley. I had though him so hard and unjust a man ! Hard, he might be but strictly just. " I should like to write and thank him." "Certainly. Write when you like, and what you like. I shall answer his letter. It contains something more, that I have not shown you." " Am I not to BOO it ?" For answer Sir Harry folded the letter back, and placed a postscript before me. It seemed to me more amazing than the other. " Should my niece, Anne Hereford, find her self loss happy as Lady Chandos- your wife than she exports to be, and wish for a refuge, my house will be open to her. If she enters it, whether in the present years or in those long to come, she will be treated in every respect as my own child and be very amply provided for at my death." " Do you expect you will require a refuge ?" His eyes were gleaming with merriment as he spoke it-a whole lifetime of loving affection in their depths. If mine unconsciously evoked book their great arid tender trust, it was not my fault. But a hope of sometime meeting Edwin Barley, and thanking him for this now kindness : of making some little atonement for my past hatred, so far as words of gratitude could atone, rose within me as a vision. The following week we quitted Chandos for Scarborough : I, Emily, Lady and Mrs. Chandos. There were many things to be done to the house, improvements and alterations, and Sir Harry remained to superintend them. M. de Mellissa accompanied us, on the invitation of Lady Chandos : he had come over very weak after his fever, and she said it would do him good. We went to Heneage Grange for Christmas and Sir Harry came to us. It was a smaller place than Chandos, very open, very pretty, and belonged to Lady Chandos for life I was to remain and be married from thence ; Lady Chandos so decided it. The winter had passed, the spring had come before I saw Chandos again. I was then in Harry's carriage : alone with him his dear wife, his wife of only a day or two. Chandos was very far from Honcago Grange, and we had taken the journey easily, travelling post. I saw it as we (turned round from the avenue and did not know it SO different was it now in its light and gay appearance from the gloomy place of the previous autumn. The trees, some of them out down, wore budding into the fresh green of spring the flowers were opening in their parterres ; the birds sang joyously (he once closed and barred windows were open cheerily to the warm BUH. All things spoke of hope for us, as if nature had arrayed herself in her brightest colors. I saw the servants in (her gala clothes, with their glad faces of greeting, coming forth to welcome us, rookeries at their head, and Lizzy Done with her bunches of black curls. The tears rained over my eyes, and Harry turned to me. "My darling, what is grieving you ?" " Joy, I think. There is a promise of so much happiness that I cannot realise it, can scarcely believe in it. My past life has been nothing but loncliiiCBS I can you wonder at my almost doubting the great blessings showered upon me now ? Harry Sand I looked down with a shy whisper-" it seems that I never, never can be sufficiently grateful to God." " We will try to be so, Anno. Sufficiently, no ; but just a little, as He shall give us aid for, What has been your life, compared to the suffering of mind sand He has lifted it from me." He bout his head, I know in prayer. Prayer never to forgot the great mercies given. The carriage stopped at the door, and he helped me out. Once more in the elderly; but it had light now, and bright painted windows, and all sorts of beautiful things. Hill came forward. It was a surprise Lady Chandos had despatched her there to superintend for our reception, leading her to Chandos for a week. " Welcome, my lady ; welcome home My lady I think it was the first time I had been addressed so, and glanced at Hurry, He had me on his arm, and was loading me into the oak parlor. The door oak parlor! We might have to keep state at times, but that would ever be his favorite room and mine. " Harry, how beautiful it all is ! Do you know who I should like to ask to come and see us first of all ?" " Woll !" he said, smiling. " Miss Annette Barton." And so we will." Harry came into my dressing room that night with an open Bible in his hand. He made me sit down by him while he read a chapter aloud and I found it was to be his usual custom, morning and evening. It was that chapter in Deuteronomy where the following verses occur A and I know why he had chosen it. " And it shall be, when the Lord thy God shall have brought the inty the land which he sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities which thou buildod'st not, " And houses full of all good things, which thou filled not, and wells digged, which thou diggers not, vineyards and olive trees which thou planted not; when thou shalt have oaten and be full ¡ "Then beware lest thou forgot the Lord, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage "Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God and serve him. , . , And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the Lord, that it may be well with thee. " And it shall be our righteousness, if we observe to do all these commandments before the Lord thy God, as he hath commanded us." "ArnonI" said Harry, softly, as he closed the book, carrying it with him from the room. And I knelt down alone to say my prayers, my heart full to overflowing with a sense of its great blesSings, and lifted up in thankfulness to Heaven. THE END. A PERSON who had been listening to a very dull address, remarked that everything went off well," especially the audience. JUVENILE SOLILOQUY.-" I wonder what makes 'me say she's not at home, when Billy Doono's mother calls, and then send me to bed without supper when I tell a He." TRAVELLER.-" Show me to a room with a good fire, waiter, I'm so danced wet and then bring me a mug of ale, for I am awfully dry !" A LADY, complaining how rapidly time attic away, said, " Alas, I am near thirty !" " Do not fret at it, madam, for you will get further from that frightful epoch every day." " Is Mr. Jones in ?" naked on Irishman of the porter in an hotel. "No," was the reply ; " will you leave your name ?" " Och, further, do you think I'd be after going home without a name ?" AN English gentleman has issued a volume which he calls " A Clear and Easy Guide to the Art of Making English Verse." What an avalanche of poets will this develope before January 1876! " WHY did Adam into the apple ?" asked a school-mistress of her class. Serious he hadn't any pen-knife to out it with," promptly answered a smart boy. A LOVER writing to his sweetheart, says : " Delectable, dear You are so sweet that they would blush in your presence, and molasses stand appalled." POOR FELLOW A young gentleman of our acquaintance, on being asked, a day or two ago, whether he didn't very much admire Dickens' " Carol," said that he greatly preferred his own Careless .' A cigar man having got into the gallery of the Senate of the United States during a rambling debate, was taken out, the sergeant-at-arms telling him that he was out of place in that gallery." "That's so," said the lunatic; "I ought to be on the floor with the Senators A VISITOR at Stamford, Connecticut, says that if some of the mosquitoes there were only painted with the right colors he should mistake them for canary birds, they are so size able and musical. The supposition is that they do not late canary birds never do ! AMONG certain Amazonian tribes the Indian bridegroom is subjected to 11 singular test. On the day of his marriage, while the wedding festivities are going on, his hand is tied up in a paper bag filled with Presents. If he bears this torture smilingly and unmoved he is deemed fit for the trials of matrimony. A YOUNG men who had married on old and ill-tempered but rich wife used to say, When over nothing else will enable me to hear my wife's horrible temper, I always go to the library and read over the marriage settlements, and come forth with on equanimity which even the prospect of her speedy death can not disturb." " How many children have you ?" asked a gentleman of one of his laborers, looking around in surprise upon the family. "Better than a dozen, sir." " I only make out cloves," said the gentleman. " Faith, 'tin isn't that better than a dozen, when one has to feed 'em!" exclaimed the honest fellow. A WAO had kept up a continual fire of wild oismB at a social party, when a puritanical gentlemen sharply observed, " If you keep on you will make every decent person leave the house" " That would be a sorry joke," was the dry reply; "you would certainly be very lonesome when left here alone. NO ONE IS SATEENS if the temptations for robbery were not already quite sufficient, we see flour Mephistopheles of 1111 individual, who evidently has been studying the weakness of human nature with the view of turning it to large profit, has been inventing 11 pocket umbrella ! Tin: ELEMENTS.-Schoolmistress: "That's right, my dear; Uro, air, earth-now what's the fourth?" Juvenile scholar pauses for a reply. Schoolmistress (suggestively) : "What do you wash your face and hands in ?" Juvenile scholar (by 0 sudden inspiration) : " Mother's 'Hilo tub. Schoolmistress collapses. A nr.svKCTAMMJ old Irish lady was walking along a country road one day, when suddenly her indignation was aroused on beholding the untidy abode of a small Irish former who had his daughter in front of his house, whereupon the old lady exclaimed, "Door my, dear me! how I do hate to see a house with its rear in the front!" Goon WINE NEEDS NO Bean b A gentleman gave a friend some first-rate wine, which he lasted and drank, making no remark upon it. 'The owner, disgusted at his friend's want of appreciation, next offered some strong but inferior wine, which the guest had no sooner tasted than he exclaimed that it was excellent wine " But you said nothing of the first," remarked his host. "Oh," replied the guest, "the first spoke for itself the second needed of trumpeter.' A FRENCH writer has propounded an entirely new theory of sound. He assures us that the velocity of sound varies according to the following rates Praises attain a speed of 1500 metres (a metre is about 3 feet in inches) per second; flattery is still more rapid, 1800 por scorn!; good advice only 15 inches, and bad advice 1250 metres per second ; merited reproaches, 20 metres simpler, which is greater than the wind, is 2000 per second ; falsehood, travelling with the same speed, 2000 ; while truth and appeals to charity only attain 2 metres each per Second. For stopping a man's mouth when he openly tells disagreeable truths there is no gag Uko gold. Complaint having been made to certain bishop that a vicar in his diocese was always preaching against pluralities, in spite of repeated admoni- tions to the contrary, "Tush!" exclaimed the right reverend dignitary, " I will BOILED him forever in less than a week. And so he did, by giving him an additional benefice. SOME months ago the Board of Excise ordered an analysis to be made of liquors sold by retail dealers in the city. The chemist from thirty-eight samples of whisky and brandy, found only three that he could call " good " live were fair." Some of the flavors are described as resembling " rancid lamp-oil," " vinegar," " toa," "plno-shavings," and "win ever-green." Appotizing, very ! SOMEBODY living in Portland, Maine, is said to be possessed with the idea that the world is soon to ander a second deluge So he is con- verting his entire property into an ark fifty feet long, fifteen feet wide, flat-bottomed, square stored, with round bows, and a IIOUBO just aft of midships. He does not intend to launch it, but will simply adore it with provisions, and proceed to keep house in it, prepared, at any time, for the rising of the waters. A GOOD-NATURED Vermont doctor having repeatedly missed wood from his pipe, resolved to watch for the thief one night. After a while a neighbor appeared, and after carefully cutting out an armful of dry wood started off. The doctor at once took an armful of green wood and started after the thief; and when the letter throw down his dry wood before his door, the doctor stopped up and threw down his green wood, saying, "There, neighbor, you must burn green wood a part of the time, as well as I." The doctor's woodpile was never more molested. A LITTLE three-year-old was considerably excited the other day by seeing a oat kill a mouse The next day she asked her mother, suddenly : " Who made the birdies?" "God made them, my child." "Who feeds the birds, mamma ?" " God foods them." " Mamma, who made the micoB?" she continued. "God made them." The little one was thoughtful a moment, and then asked, energetically : " Does God keep a cot ?" The mother told her she would tell her all about it when she got under, but for the present she had better go play with her India rubber doll. AN old lady, who was in the habit of doctor ing, after the occurrence of an unusual event, that she had predicted it, was one day nicely sold by his worthy spouse, who had got tired of her continual "I told you so." Rushing into the house breathless with excitement, he dropped into his chair, elevated his hands, and exclaimed : " Oh, wife, wife, what that what do you think ? The old brindle cow has gone and ate up our grindstone !" The old lady was ready, and, hardly waiting to hear the last words, she broke out at the top of her lungs: "I told you so I I told you so ! You always would let it stand out of doors !" 