AQUATICS. »Aonatio " CtoBSip." DsAU BBM.-I hare very little information to give you this week, the approaching Regatta haring put a ¡top to oil private matohca boing decided. Notwith itsnding that this year's programmo ia nearly tho worst, ¡a a pecuniary point of viow, thot wo havo ever had, I im glad to say that largo entrios have boon made, and as I natural sequetico wo may naturally expect a large ittendance of people. It is a rather strange circumstance tust & largo sea-port like Sydney cannot bettor support a Begatte than has lately boon tho enso. Wo harohad ono Jfijor'a Cup, which was presented to the Australian Jockey Club by Mr John Woods, to bo run on tho Bitidwick Racecourse and I wonder much that our present Mayor does not give a Cup to bo pulled for, so I . ss to encourage whot is essentially a favorite pastime of . (hj Sydnoy public. It is a fact that cannot bo denied, .'that our Regattas oro gradually falling away in impor- tance, and in tho course of a yoar or two, I am afraid that a Bogatta will bo ono of thoso things wo read about. Io snoh a low ebb has tho affairs of this Regatta (which ¡j announced to celobrato tho anniversary of tho colony) . been reduced, that tho Secretary states they cannot afford . to advertise their programmo in tho oldest sporting jawnal of the colony. This betokons a truly wretohed state of affairs, and reflects little credit upon tho publio of Sydney, as well as upon the Committeo, who are eridently not vory aotive in tho disohargo of their duties. It is a matter of little importance to the pro- prietors of EelFs Life that the Committeo of the anniversary Regatta will not advertiso tho programmo in their journal, but I think in common fairness, they ought to receive a share of their favors, equally with tho Berald, more especially ss tho latter journal does not, to my knowledge, devote any great amount of space to '..r... fin TllnrorW niirl,* tl... "'.ii..J ... TitteMsH's Hotel, and there*was a strong muster of the Committee. The magnificent clipper ship, Sobraon, hts been kindly placed at tho disposal of the Committee bj Captain Elmslie, as a flagship, and will be moored in the uaual placo ofl* Sydney Covo. It was also notified that tbs «team lifo boats, imported by Captain Elmslie, would ply about tho harbour upon tho oocasion. The lerricea of tho splendid band of H. M. 60th Regiment, «ere also tendered by tho Colonel and officers, and accepted with thanks. Owing to the inclomonoy of the weather, a groat many owners of boats could not attend, ind it was decided to take post entries at Mr Driver's Office, Pitt-street, until half- past ll a.m. on Saturday, theo they will bo finally closed. Two races were also added to the programme, one for all third-class yachts, and a Scullers^ Handicap, for all mon in light skiffs. I tm glad to eoe that the Committee havo adopted tho inggestion I threw out last week, and added this race to their programme. I shall be greatly disappointed if it does not secure a largo entry, and I hope those pullers who had so muoh to say about there being no such race OD tho programme, will como forward and enter, now that a race has been placed on tho list, specially to suit them. The following sro the entries that were made on Thursday night:-For the Dingy Raoe, four entries. Gentlemen amateurs : Elvira, Star, Ghost, Stella, Barb iud Adelphi. Sailing Dingies : Flying Saud, Alice, Tim Whiffler, Barb, and Duke. Sailing Skiffs: Curlew, Friendship, Katey, Susoy, and Desdemona. Tho race [or youths under 18 years of ago did not fill. Champion Raco : W. Hickoy, J. Dunnett, and Riohard Green. First-class yachts : Mistral, Xarifa. Second-class yachts : Pert, Vivandiye, Mischief, Pori, and Nereid. ' Amateurs tbat have never startod : Stella, Albert, Tarragon, Adelphi, Volunteer, Victoria, Barb, Zoe. Amateurs nader 21 : Barb, Tarragon, Albert. Fishermen : Hope, Friendship end Naomi. Owing to the entries not finally closing until to-day, and some of the races being handicaps, I am unable to give much of an idea on how tbs races will go. Great intorest will bc taken in tho result of tho rastoh between the Xarifa and Mistral, and I «hall onco moro pick the Mistral, believing that it was owing to accident and bad management that she was twice defeated. I think tho Flying Scud ought to appropriate the Sailing Dingy Race, and for tho Sailing Skiff Race I laney most the Susey and Desdemona. For the Champion Race, I suppose I must piok Hickey ; but Dick G-eon is in raro condition, and will give thr Champion all his work to do, to beat him. With this I ililli rnnnlndn mr rnmnrlfo nnnn Ihn Amiinn», Btgatta, and hope that next week I shall hare occasion to say that it was in every way a deoided success. The arrival of the English mail places us in possession of the fact that tho renownod',Horry Kelloy has been de- feated for tho Championship of the Thames. The last adrices we had received from home informed us that Kelley had been matched to pull Benforth, a young and tiling puller, hailing from Nowcastte-upon-Tyne, for £200 aside and the Championship, to come off on the 17tii Novombor. No sooner had the preliminary arrange- ments been made for this match than Sadlier also chal- lenged Kelley, and a second match waa made for the limo amount of money, and over the same course, viz., (rom Putney to Mortlake, this second match to como off on the 1st of Deoombor. Kelley's friends and backers lad immense confidence in him, and an offer mado by Ur. Foster, Sadlier's backer, to lay £300 level that Killey was beaten in both matches, was promptly taken np by Mr. Bush, the well-known baoker of Kelley. The telegram gives us no information about tho first match, but informs us that Kelley was beaten 'by four lengths, by Sadler who is now tho Champion of tho Thames, and of tho World. Beading about these matches sets me (limiting what a pity it is, that with tbreo such pullers as If*. Hickey, B. Green, and B. Hickey, tho aquatic publio of Sydney cannot raiso enough monoy to send ono of them home, and do battlo for tho Championship. It is i moot point whether there is a man in tho world capable if beating Hickey, but I am protty well suro that there xrald not be found thrco pullers who could beat the men fhovo just mentioned. It was, I behove, protty goner illy understood that Greon could beat Kelly, who trained liât for his match with Chambers, and it appears to as that if Green could have beaton him, Hiokey would ure very little difficulty in beating either Kolly or idlier. I hope to see this subject onoe again taken up, nd that on effort will bo mado to send one, if not the bree of thom, home, as I beliovo they could clear their tpenses by pulling some of tho " outsiders," even sup oiing that they wero beaten far tho Championship. iny person who is anxious to become the " proud pos itsor" of a crack sailing skiff has now an exoollent unco of securing one, aa tho well-known open boat, the ronzewing, is now for salo. She made her debut as the urrency Lass, under which namo she was not verj lecessful but latterly as the Bronzewing she has saten any number of flyors, ot all times and at all dis noes. It is the general custom to crack up every boat i a " wonder," but I think this is a first-rate chanco for ry gentleman who may be desirous of buying a craft, ule to hold her own against all comers. The race that Hu to have taken place in Woolloomooloo Bay, last Iturday afternoon, between J. Cunningham and A. Brshsmo, fell through, Grahamoxot coming up to tho H ' . TOM BOWLINE. IPIGEON SHOOTINO.-AB advertisement in another hmm tells of afino day's sport in contemplation at Mr sicoo's Inn, Lapstone Hill, on tho 13th Proximo ; and (liberality of tho programme ought, Burely, to attract enty of Metropolitans ; not to speak of tho umvorsol gh estimation in which Wascoe is held among sports en. Looking at tho conditions, it appears that birds |fo to bo supplied at eighteen penco a couplo, a price Shich ought to givo a pretty broad hitit to the Managers 13 Metropolitan Club, in opposition to their prico of ns, which wo boliovo has been tho main reason of ing tho Club down from Hvoand twenty to a dozen ors nt quarterly matches. The Homebush Mombcr he Nepean, who is also President of Tho Metrópoli tub, is entering into tho spirit of Wascoo'a Matchee, all his heart, and with the assistance of Mr Jamos s, and other good sports on tho Western Line, is no doubt about everything boing done to tho full action of all visitors. OPLE'B CONCEBÍS, WOOLLOOMOOLOO.-Tho uanoi ¡ly Entertainment was given laBt Monday night in laptist Chapel : His Worship Captain Scott, P. M. ) chair. Deepito tho aspoot of the weather, thcro ch larger attendance than has hitherto reworded tho s of tho spirited promoters. Tho programrao BUS d, for tho most part, by Amateurs, was fully up to vcrago of its predecessors. Mr Harwood, U.A.M., rmed two solos with oxtrcmely good taste, and the :s and Qontlemcn vocalists acquitted themselves nicely. Tho Literary portion, rendered by Messrs ell, Pinkston, and H. Driver, was given with marked »nd eU'cct, moro particularly in tho recital of "Mary ui of 8eots" by tho latter, for which an encoró was '"dod, but owing to tho length of tho programme, 1 wot bo responded to. A roto of thanks, gracefully Offlcdged was awnrded tho Chairman, and tho Mcot oncluded with thu Notional Anthom. E GALATEA,-A tcbgram has boen received by i wo loam that lt. JI. S. Galatea had arrived ot urn, with all well DH board. From this wo moy !'i in a ¡¡vory short time, to havo tho honor sm wolooming tho Sailor Princo to our shores ; a uro which, though deprivod of much of tho gilded combustible dieplay which necessarily ottouded hi's 'mt. will bo rj'j uc the lees hearty. 