THE 3BAnirMID.-The following description of the position and influence of the barmaid appears in an English periodical :-The po sition of a bar-girl is very odd. It is neither one thing nor another. We are dressed up like ladies, we look like ladies, but we ain't. I know we're not, because the gentlemen laugh at us, and look at each other sometimes when we say things. The young swells make love to us, but they would never marry us. Those that would marry us we wouldn't have. There is a deal of love of one kind or another wasted upon us bar-girls. It hurts the young men more than it does us. We get used to flatteries-we hear them all day long; but each young man thinks that he is the party that has made the impression. We are the ruin of many young men, without being able to help it. They come spooning around us, and in hanging about the bar they learn to drink. I have known a young man drink a whole bottle of brandy in nips in the course of an afternoon. He didn't want the nips, and only took them to have an excuse for standing at the bar and talking with us. I have soon many young men go to the bad this way, under my very eyes. I have soon them drowning in liquor, as it wore, without having the power to rescue them; for, of course, it would never do for us to refuse them drink, unless they were much the worse and noisy. The nonsense I have listened to !-the grasps of the hand I have had!--the deep-drawn sighs I have heard breathed over the pork-pies and sau sago-rolls !-theo oceans of champagne I have :oen poured out on the shrine of our fascina ion i Poor young men, if they only know vwhat fools we think them ! SsILSTOrOL.-I had often inquired about 3obastopol and its condition since the siege. I was generally told that it had undergone ibut little improvement ; but I confess I was lot prepared for the ruinous condition in which I found it. It is even more em phatically a city of ruins now than it was when the allies entered in September, 1855. As we passed into the harbour I heard a Russian on board the steamer remarking mournfully, with a sigh, "Sevastopol set imort." The white' crumbling walls looked like the ghost of this dead city as we ap proached it. Only a few houses have boon repaired, and are now inhabited. I asked a Russian if he thought that one house in four had boon renovated. His answer was, -"If you said one in ten you would be nearer the truth." And further inspection showed me that this estimate, if not correct, only falls short of the truth. Some quar ters are as solitary and desolate as Thebes or Baalbec. There is scarcely a living figure to be seen, but a few cows grazing in the grass-grown streets, or a sow followed by a progeny of pigs wandering about Sebastopol. Fort Nicholas and Fort Paul cannot be called ruins, they are but mounds of rubbish. It is the same with such places as the site of the houses which stood in the rear of the Redan. It is to the town proper, where any walls are yet left standing, that we can apply the word " ruin." A curious event has taken place since the war which strikes everyone who enters Sebastapol. A colossal statue has been erected to Admi ral Lazareff. It is of bronze and nearly thirty feet high, on a pedestal of black marble, which adds nearly another thirty feet to the height of the whole. It stands on the broad esplanado in front of what we called the "White Buildings," which were the marine barracks, and it looks over the harbour and the town. Sebastopol was the work of this man. It was his energotic ability which created this place, and built the fleet of the Black Sea. It was the pur pose of the Crimean war to destroy what this man had spent his lifo in building and organising. That purpose was accomplished, and it has now a curious effect upon the mind to see that great black statue of him standing in the midst of ruins. The bar racks, dockyards, and other establishments of his design are seen all around him in the relics of their destruction. - Prince of Wales's Tour. MAnnra?E IN, A[ERIcA.-There comes rather a good story of married life from America. The hero of it sot out for Arkan sas, leaving his wife at home. The lady, weary of the separation, wrote to her hus band, entreating his return. He bogged that she would be patient, and pointed out that his absence, though irksome to both, was good for their mutual interests. Six months elapsed-then a whole year. At length, one fine evening, the husband re turned and knocked at the door of his house, expecting a royal welcome. "It is I, my adored one." "Who! you?" said the lady. "Don't you know your husband?" was the reply. " I have no husband," was the lady's rejoinder. " What do you mean ?" cried the man. " Since you would not re turn," was the reply, "I sought and ob tained a bill of divorce." "But," the hus band began to answer. " Withdraw, sir," said the lady, stopping him; "it is not right that a stranger should come here at this late hour." "Ungrateful!" "No recrimina tions." "Why," continued the man, "I came to lay the fortune I have made at your feet." " Get out !" was the only reply, "I do not mean to be compromised." So the man departed, and-fury in his heart-re turned to Arkansas. After he had been there some time he had a chat one evening with General W., who said to him, "how is it that a man of your position is not mar ried ?" " I do not know any woman here who would suit me," he replied. " But there must be lots in your native place," re torted the general. "You are right," said our friend; "I will go and see to-morrow." He set out, and six weeks afterwards he re turned with a wife leaning on his arm. " Ah! " said the general, " you have done the deed, then; you have married ?" "Par don; I have re-married." "How ? were you a widower?" "Nothing of the kind." " How, then? I do not understand you." "I have re-married my wife, who had ob tained a bill of divorce against me. I courted her as if we had never known each other." " Married twice to the same woman !" cried the general; " you are incorrigible !" Itis a pretty romance, and may be worth reading when the papers are full of the number of cases with which the divorce court is choked. YELocIcrEDIn A.-Tho following remarks respecting the bicycle are from Ohambers's Journal:-With regard to the speed which may be attained, fifteen miles an hour, under the most favourable circumstances, that is, good hard road, not level, but without very steep hills, and no wind blowing, is probably the limit of the velocipede's powers; but a pace of nine or ten miles an hour may be maintained for five or six hours without dis tress. Long journeys on level roads are perhaps the most fatiguing, on account of their monotony, because the feet as in walking are nearly always at work. Still, oven in this case the driver can maintain his speed with one foot, resting the other on the log-rent; or, if disposed, lihe may even place both feet on the rests, and run four or five hundred yards without working at all. The slightly increased labour of climbing a hill is nothing to the zest imparted by the knowledge that there is sure to be a hill on the other side to go down, and that is the most luxurious that can be imagined. Deconding an incline at full speed, balanced on a beautifully-tempered steel spring that takes every jolt from the road--whools spinning over the ground so lightly they scarce seem to touch it-the driver's legs rested comfortably on a cross-bar in front shooting the hill at a speed of thirty or forty miles an hour-the sensation is only com parable to that of flying, and is worth all the pains it costs in learning to experience it. The volocipodiet feeols but one pang as he reaches the bottom of the hill, and that is, that it is over; and but one exquisite wish, which is, that the entire country might somehow become metamorphosedinto down hill. But the hill is bountiful even after one has left it; for the impetus derived from a good incline will carry the rider at least the hill's length on level ground before he need remove his foot from the rests and commence working again. The slightest incline on a good road is sufficient to obviate all necessity for working with the feet, so that what little labour there is (and it is of the easiest) is by no means incessant. In a journey of twenty miles on a good road, a driver should not work more than twelve -the inclines do therest. " "" " To the spectator the volocipedist appears almost wholly to employ his legs; but in reality the muscles of the arms are in strong tension in the act of grasping the handles, so as to counteract the motion of the feet on the pedals, which motion would otherwise tend to sway the wheel from side to side. In fact, after a long journey, the driver will fool more fatigue in his arms than his legs. Once mastered, the two-wheeled steed is a docile and tractable animal, equally sensitive to bit or bridle, and a sturdy friend to the traveller. For him the pike-men throw open their gates without asking for toll. F1e needs neither corn nor beans, nor hay not straw, neither ostler nor.stableman. His stable is a bit of the passage-wall, against which he reposes without taking up any room, until his master needs him again; his only food a pennyworth of neat's-foot oil per month. Up to May 31 there have beoon sixty-nine applications for provisional protections for patents made in England this year, for improvements in the bicycle or two-wheeled velocipedes. FEMI?LEE SmoEns.-Popular applause is lavished on public singers in a manner that scarcely any other women can possibly enjoy. When Piccolomini sang in Italy, they not only showered bouquets upon her, but now and then a white dove fluttered to her feet. When Jenny Lind sang at Stockholm, the rush for seats was so great that they were put up for auction, and realised fabulous sums, all of which weont to a fund to estab lish a school tlere for decayed artists. As a body, there is no one more charitable than musical artists. When, in 1847, the Misses Pyno (then not so well known to fame) heoard that a society for homeless children must fall to the ground for want of funds, they volunteered, unasked, to give a concert for its benefit, which was eminently succoss ful. Clara Novello's triumphs ought not to be forgotten. At Genoa, her audiences threw bouquets containing valuable coronets at her feet, to say nothing of camellias worth twenty-five guineas a piece, then escorted her home with torches and flam beaux. A greater triumph, however, has scarcely been achieved by any singer than the unparalleled reception given to Patti of late ir nussia. The sums which fortunato singers realise, too, is almost incredible. Everybody, doubtless, remembers Gabrielli's reply to Catherine II of Russia, when she expressed her astonishment at her demand ing 8000 ducats for singing, by saying- " why I don't pay a field-marshal as much as that." " Well then get your field marshal to sing to you." The Empress seems to have seen the force of the argu ment, and paid the demand. There are so few first-rate voices in the world that they can always secure their price. The said Gabrielli made a large fortune, and lived in the greatest splendour. The anec dotes of her extravagances are endless. One will suffice. A Florentine noble who came to pay his court to her, caught a costly lace ruffle in the trimming of her dress and tore it. As a compensation, she sent him six bottles of Spanish wine, corked with Flemish lace. Mrs. Billington at one time realised an income of £14,000 a year. Rubini's income one year amounted to £90,000. In these days, when money is so necessary, no wonder people wish to make their mark on the stage.-The Queen. It is now pretty well-known, says the Athenmum, that woods and forests of leafy trees promote rainfall and nourish the flow of springs and of rivers; but it is not so well known that trees of the kind described by the Germans as Nadelholz-needlewood -produce the contrary effect. That such is the fact, however, appears from a statement which will be read with interest by owners of waste lands. The forest of St. Amand, situated in the north of the district of Valenciennes, comprising one thousand eight hundred acres of silicious sand mixed with a small quantity of clay, was formerly covered with scrub and stunted clumps of oak and birch, and being in places very damp was much haunted by snipes. In 1843 this un productive growth was cleared off, and Scotch firs (Pinus sylvestris) were planted. These throve well, and are now tall, hand some trees adorning the waste. But during their growth it was observed that the damp places became dry; the snipe abandoned the locality; then two or three springs and a small stream that once flowed through the covert dwindled away, and at last entirely disappeared. Hero was a surprise! The forestal functionaries set to work to discover, if possible, the explanation. They dug trenches six feet deep on the site of the springs, and made borings to greater depths. The trenches disclosed no appearance of water; but showed that the roots of the first as also those of the former oaks and birches had penetrated six feet or more into the soil. By the borings two underlying beds of water, one of considerable volume, were dis covered; and the natural inference was that they had formerly stood at a higher level, and thereby maintained the springs; but in what way their level had been lowered by the growth of the firs was a question which could not then be answered, nor has a satis factory answer yet been arrived at. The fact, however, remains, that trees included in the pinus tribe exert a desiccating influ ence on the soil; and in the discussion oo casioned by what has taken place in the forest of St. Amand, it has been mentioned that many of the lagoons on the south-west coast of France have been dried up and con verted into woods by planting the maritime pine along their margins, and advancing the planting as the waters receded. Is there anything in these foreign facts that can be turned to account hero at home? In the recently-published report of the commission appointed to inspect fortifications, an account was given of the exceeding dilliculty the builders had in finding a solid foundation for the forts at the marshy mouth of the Medway and on the approaches to Chatham. Deep excavations were dug; but for a long time whatever was built showed a tendency to sink down out of sight; and even now that the forts do uproear their faces their stability is not absolute. Rightly do the natives of the district name the river the MHudway. But if the marshly shores of Gascony can be dried up by plantations of piuo-treoos, cannot the same be done on the marshy shores of Kent? If it can, the benefit will be manifold. The ground will be made firm and dry, ague will disappear, the country within will be sheltered, and the landscape will look less dreary than at present, to say nothing of the gain in tim ber. THiE MONORIEIw BATTERY.-This battery has been so frequently described during the last few months, jhat perhaps I ought hardly to refer to it in these letters. As, however, Captain Moncrieff, at the late meeting of the Royal Institution, on Fri day, the 21st of May, gave a lecture on his system of artillery, the following observa tions on the subject may serve to complete this brief sketch of scientific warfare: "Instead," he said, "of trying to meet force by force, I make my gun bow to the inevitable conditions which science has im posed, and instead of wasting energy, mo ney, and skill, in attempts to raise a but tress against the new artillery, I employ itti hitherto destructive force of recoil to lower the guns below the natural surface of the ground, where they can be loaded and worked in security and comfort; and at the same time I have made that destructive force so much my servant, that I compel it, at my pleasure, to raise the gun again into the fighting position whenever it is required. In 1855, while watching the interesting operations before Sebastopol, and endea vouring as well as I could to understand the conditions under which the siege artillery was used, I conceived the idea which is now realised. It was then that I saw the value of earth, and the importance of simple ex pedients. It was plain that the weak point of a battery was the embrasure, forming as it did a mark to fire at, an opening to admit the enemy's shot, and requiring constant repair, even from the effects of. its own gun, which in firing injured the revetements with which the cheeks are formed. I also came to a conclusion in my own mind that a remedy for some of these defects could be devised. The real difficulty of the thing arose from the necessity of providing for the enormous strain of the recoil. At last I hit upon a simple principle that would meet this difficulty to advantage, the interposition of a moving fulcrum between the gun and the platform; then I knew the problem could be solved." Those who wish for further details regarding the Moncrieff in vention will find an excellent popular ac count of it in the Februaty number of Once a-Week. A SMALL CocGREas~TION.-In Coriosities of the Pulpit, and Pulpit Literature, the following incident is narrated in connection with Dr. Beecher :-Dr. Lyman Beecher, the well-known Americain Presbyterian minister, once engaged to preach for a country minister on exchange, and the Sabbath proved to be one excessively stormy, cold, and uncomfortable. It was in mid winter, and the snow was piled all along in the roads, so as to make the passage very difficult. Still the minister urged his horse through the drifts, put the animal into a shed, and went in. As yet there was no person in the house, and after looking about the old gentleman-then young-took his seat in the pulpit. Soon the door opened, and a single individual walked up in the aisle, looked about, and took a seat. The hour came for commencing service, but no more hearers. Whether to preach to such an audience was a question, and it was one that Lyman Beecher was not long in de ciding. He felt that he had a.dutyjto per form, and he had no right to refuse to do it because only one man could reap the benefit of it; and accordingly he went through all the services, praying, singing, and the bene diction, with only one hearer, and when all was over he hastened down from the desk to speak to his congregation, but he had de parted. A circumstance so rare was re ferred to occasionally; but twenty years after it was brought to the doctor's mind quite strangely. Travelling somewhere in Ohio the doctor alighted from the stage one day in a pleasant village, when a gentleman stepped up and spoke to him, familiarly calling him by name. " I do not temember you," said the doctor, " I suppose not," said the stranger; "but we once spent two hours together in a house alone in a storm." "I do not recall it, sir," added the old man; "pray when was it ?" "Do you remember preaching, twenty years ago, in such a place, to a single person?" "Yes, yes," said the doctor, grasping his hand, "I do, indeed, and if you are the man, I have been wishing to see you ever since." "I am, sir: and that sermon saved my soul, made a minister of me, and yonder is my church ! Tie converts of that sermon, sir, are all ver Ohio." NEw MATERvnL.--Knife-handles and fine tooth combs are now made from potato pulp by a chemical process. 