Omitted. — Owing to a pressure of advertisements arriving at a late hour yesterday, we are compelled to omit our leader and several items of local and general intelligence. Surgical Operation.— On Sunday last Dr. Davidson performed successfully a painful surgical operation on the unfortunate man Campbell, who has for some time past been an inmate of the Hospital. It will be remembered that Campbell met with an accident whilst felling tree, and little notice was then taken of the wound, no medical assistance being sought till alarming symp- toms had sought in. When Dr. Davidson saw Campbell he recommended his removal to the Hospital, in order that the patient might be under his own immediate care and attention. Whilst Campbell was being treated in the Hospital, it became evident that when the wound was inflicted a large quantity of moist tobacco had been applied thereto, and a quantity of which Dr. Davidson drew with the forceps from the lower part of the calf of the leg, it having passed from where applied —a few inches above the knee— to the part from whence extracted. The unfortunate man gradually grew worse notwithstanding the assidu- ous attention of Dr. Davidson, and ultimately it became necessary to resort to amputation in order to save life. The assistance of Dr. Chopin, of Bombala, was called in ; and on Sunday last Dr. Davidson, assisted by Dr. Chopin, performed the operation at the Hospital. The patient was placed under the influence of chloroform, but notwith standing he was in some manner sensible of the operation being performed upon him, and the limb was taken off at the upper third of the thigh. The patient is now progressing as well as can be expected under the circumstances, and Dr. David- son has every hope of his speedy recovery. It may be added that Campbell is a poor man, on whose labour depended the subsistence and comfort of a wife and numerous family, and in his present cir- cumstances is an object meriting in every sense the attention of the charitably disposed — we hope he will meet with assistance. To show the baneful influence of tobacco upon flesh wounds, it may be stated that on directing the limb after amputation the knee joint was found in a very diseased state, the ends of the bones being corroded away by caries. Vaccination. — It would indeed seem that the people of the Cooma district are impressed with The necessity of taking every precaution to prevent the occurrence of that horrible and contagious dis- ease, small pox, amongst us. For the past fort- night or three weeks Dr. Davidson's surgery has been literally besieged by persons wishing to be vaccinated, amongst whom are to be seen persons' of mature years. Tannery. — It occasionally becomes our pleasant duty to notice the establishment of some new branch of industry in Cooma, and it may be said that within the past few years Cooma has made such progress both in appearance and the produc- tion of marketable articles as would place it on a par with older and more pretentious townships. Some months ago Mr. Augustus Beuke, now and formerly a resident of Cooma, but recently of Bombala, settled in this township with the inten- tion of establishing a tannery. For this purpose he purchased a site in Bombala-street in every way adapted for the prosecution of his business as a tanner, and he has lost no time in converting a rocky piece of land into a tan yard, the equal of which cannot, we think, be found in the Southern districts. In the yard there are sixteen pits, ten of which are about 7 feet by 4 feet, the remainder about 7 feet by 7 feet, all the pits being 5 or 6 feet deep. The lime pits are not yet completed, but Mr. Beuke fully anticipates to have everything in the tanyard in perfect working order by the latter end of next week. To one not acquainted with the cost and working of a tan yard, it would per haps be a matter of doubt whether the erection of pits such as may be seen in Mr. Beuke's tan yard cost any large sum, yet we are assured by a gentle- man well versed in these matters that when Mr. Beuke has his tan yard completed it cannot have been done at an expenditure less than from £400 to £500. Mow, when this fact is considered, it must be admitted that Mr. Beuke is possessed of no small amount of enterprise and energy to feel himself justified in laying out that amount of capital in a small township like Cooma, and where the prospect of a speedy and remunerative return is somewhat doubtful, let withal it may be con- sidered as certain that in this large and important district Mr. Beuke will find a ready market for his leather ; and instead of our bootmakers, saddlers, and others who find use for leather, being obliged to send to Sydney for supplies, they will, through Mr. Beuke's enterprise. be enabled to pick the article most suited to their requirements and obtain it at a cheaper rate than they otherwise could. Should Mr. Beuke find it necessary to have more than sixteen pits in the tan yard, he will be enabled to sink as many more as may be requisite, as he has ample room and appliances for so doing. Besides the pits, there are the usual sheds, workshop, and houses for bark and hides, all of which are large and substantially erected. It is estimated that Mr. Beuke will be enabled, provided he obtains a sufficiency of hides, to manufacture from 2000 to 3000 sides of leather per annum, which will, no doubt, more than meet the demands of the district, and thereby render leather an important item in our local exports. Mr. Beuke certainly merits encouragement in his undertaking, and when he does commence manufacturing leather — in about a fortnight, we believe—we hope he will obtain the patronage his enterprise so fully deserves. The Weather.— We have had a few slight showers during the week, tending materially to improve the appearance of the country and the prospects of all. The frost has not been so severe as would be expected at this period of the year, and on the whole the weather may be considered as' promising and encouraging. Bombala Mail.— The Bombala mail did not arrive yesterday evening till after we went to press, we are therefore unable to give the Merimbula shipping list. The delay, we believe, is owing to the very heavy state of the roads between Bombala and Cooma from the recent rains. Post Office at Gegedzerick. — The want of a post office at Gegedzerick has been long felt, and a person looking over the mail arrangements of the district would imagine that there was a post office at Gegedzerick ; but such is not the case ; it is merely a changing place for the mailmen on the line from Cooma to Jindabyne. When it is con- sidered there are a large number of papers and letters sent to Gegedzerick, it seems not only astonishing, but also evinces a great want of care on the part of the Post Office authorities in Sydney to know that no person is responsible for the losing or missending of a letter or paper, not to mention the careful delivery of registered letters. There are two or three highly respectable persons; in this locality who would willingly undertake the duties of a postmaster, and no one we think will gainsay that the establishment of a post office at Gegedzerick would prove a great convenience and highly beneficial. But, as we have previously remarked, it is of very little use complaining ; the only way to obtain a post office at Gregedzerick is for the inhabitants to hold a meeting, and petiton the Postmaster-General to accede to their request. We hope they will do so without delay. New Magistrates. — His Excellency the Go- vernor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has appointed the undermentioned gentlemen of this and adjoining districts to be Magistrates of the colony :— Berne Frederick, Daulgan, Bega; Burns Charles, Cadgee, Eden; Campbell Ronald, junior, Bombalo. Bombala; Cooke William Vaughan May, Bombala ; Flavelle Adam Guy, Boyd Town, Twofold Bay; Lane William John, Alexander Vale, Kamaruka ; Mandelson Emanuel, Naas Vale, Queanbeyan; Stiles Charles Tarleton, Kanoona; Wallace John, of Myalla, near Nimitybelle. Shooting Horses. — In our advertising columns it will be seen that Mr. James Thompson, of Cobbin, Snowy River, offers a reward of £50 for information concerning the parties, who shot two valuable horses belonging to him. It is very well and at times necessary to shoot wild horses, but it is against all rule to destroy valuable animals. If such get among a mob of wild and useless animals, surely it would not be taxing the labour of the destroyers too much to cut them out and send them to the pound. Such a course would be more just than to ruthlessly destroy them. Free Selectors. — A notice in our advertising columns requests the presence of free selectors at a meeting to be held at 12 o'clock on Monday next, at the Royal Hotel, when they will take into con- sideration business of an important nature. Jindabyne Races. — We have been particularly requested to announce that Mr. W. Blyton, senior, will officiate as ' Over ' at the Jindabyne Races on Monday next. Parish Road. — Should no objection be made within one month from the 14th May, the follow- ing road passing through Amos Crisp's property will be opened, to be maintained at the expense of the parish:—Road through James Kirwan's 160 acres, near Cooma, with a branch road to the west boundary of that land. The Land Laws. — From the Dubbo Dispatch of Friday last we learn that a meeting of squatters took place on the previous Tuesday, for the pur- pose of considering certain alterations in the Crown Lands' Alienation and Occupation Acts. The meeting was large and influential, but the petition embodying the proposed amendments and alterations though unanimously agreed to, was not published. It is intended to have a number of copies printed, and forwarded to the Crown tenants of each dis- trict. A matter like this should not be confined to the ' Crown tenants,' and we certainly think the petition should have been published. From the report it would seem the main object aimed at by the meeting is an extension of lease from five to twenty-one years' together with a system of fencing. We regret our limited space precludes us from giving the report of the meeting, as also the edito- rial remarks of the Dispatch on the subject in this issue, but we shall do so in our next; yet we can- not refrain from remarking that the proceedings have been conducted with unwise secresy, thereby indicating too much of class, partizanship, and selfishness to render the proposed alterations and amendments beneficial to all. Parliament. — The Estimates will first engage the attention of Parliament, which is expected to meet in August for the dispatch of business. Bombala School Of Arts.— The library and furniture belonging to the above Institute have been sold by auction. Panbula. — The tender of Messrs. W. Jones and Son for furniture for the Panbula Court House has been accepted. Twofold Bay.— The Hon. D. Egan received a deputation, who pointed out to him the want of a telegraph line between Twofold Bay and Sydney, and advocated the adoption of a more extended system of storm signals between the various sea ports connected by telegraph. The Postmaster General said the matter would receive, the earliest attention of his colleagues. Bitten by a Snake in Cooma.—Our old friend Davy told us a good snake story the other day, and perhaps many of our readers will remember the anecdote when they peruse these few lines. We would like to convey it as near as possible in its own form, as it occurred at the time, a few years ago. Well, then, Davy was sauntering through the town, enjoying himself and all the good things to be found in Cooma, when he met his friend Pat — as " white as a ghost,'' rush- ing in the direction of Dr. M— 's residence. Pat was holding one of his trousers somewhere near the calf of the leg, and the apparently nervous state of his mind at once procured Davy's earnest sympathy. ' What's the matter with you, Pat ? ' ' Arrah, Davy, it's a case with me ; begorrah, I'm bit by a schnaik !' 'Nonsense, man ; you don't mane it, Pat.' 'But I do ; I've got the baste in my trousers, and I'm afther taking him to the Doctor's ; I'm afraid the baste will slip me,' and poor Pat held on to his unmentionables like grim death. As he hobbled alone; to the doctor, Davy asked his friend how the accident occurred. ' Sorrah's the day for me ever I left ould Ireland,' said Pat ; ' but I was afther having a bc?Sy when the baste look a hould of me by the leg— so I slipped on my clothes and hurried on for the doctor. Och! I fale Tin a dying man.' They at last reached the residence of the doctor, and Pat sought advice for the 'schnaik bite,' intimating that be had secured the baste. Doctor M— re- quested Pat to show him the wound, with the view of applying the necessary remedies. He seemed disinclined to let go his ' hould; ' but another second revealed the fact that the ' baste ' which had caused him so much terror was a horse-leech, and the mirth and laughter which followed upon the discovery sorely tested Pat's good temper— even now, one has to be very cautious with him upon the subject of snake bites. The greatest excitement was caused in Braid- wood on the evening of Sunday week by the news which spread like wildfire that another attempt had been made to rob the Joint Stock Bank, and that one of the burglars had been shot by the police whilst making his escape. A shot had been heard in all parts of the town (writes the Dispatch) and near the scene several shots one after another, startled the people as they were coming from wor- ship. Mr. Gilham, the manager of the bank, on returning from Church, had sooner opened the back gate and got into the yard than he was struck on the back of the head with a heavy instrument, which was doubtless the life preserver subsequently found lying in the yard. Mr. Gilham on being struck was not knocked down or stunned as it was imagined he would be by the ruffian who dealt the murderous blew. He made a desperate rush at a small gate that led into the garden, which, he burst open. He ran for his life across the garden and jumped the fence fronting Wallace-street. During his flight across the garden, however, two shots were fired at him. Imagining he was shot, and feeling blood flow from the club wound at the back of his head, he called out, as. he ran along the street, 'Help, help, I'm shot.' The people at that moment were just coming home from the Catholic Church, as well as from the Church of England, and sergeant Duffy, with constable Dacey, and Mr. Finnegan, Denominational School Teacher, ran round to the gate from whence the two burglars were just issuing. One of them ran ahead of the other and got clean away over the hill and round the Doncaster Hotel ; the other was not so fortunate. He determined, however, that he would not be easily secured, for he fired several shots at his pursuers, sergeant Duffy, con- stable Dacey, and a number of other persons. After turning round to fire one of these shots he stumbled, however, and a young man named Smith pounced upon him and secured him fill the police came up, when he was taken into custody. Im- mediately on securing his prisoner sergeant Duffy requested Mr. Finnegan at once to proceed to the bank, as he feared Mr. Gilham was shot. On reaching the premises he proceeded to the stable, and found the yardkeeper securely tied to a post, his hands tied behind his back, and a gag in his mouth, which effectually prevented him from making a noise. Owing to the crowded state of the streets the second burglar made good his escape at the time, but was eventually captured by senior constable Hurley and constable Lenehan concealed in the chimney of a hut, and was marched into town minus boots and hat, which were left at the Bank, and since claimed by the prisoner Bollard as his property. On the 13th instant Joseph Horne, John Bollard, and William Gardner were brought before the Braidwood police court charged with having murderously assaulted Henry K. Gillam with the intention of robbing the Joint Stock Bank. Horne and Bollard were committed for trial at the next Goulburn assizes, and Gardner was discharged. 