Whittlesea Soup. {BY A VICTIM.) WHITTLESEA soup ! you have imbibed repeatedly. Don't deny it. I've seen you. I've done so, and own it boldly, but I don't tell my name. I found it out accidentally. Went into SPARTAN'S hotel, asked for br-ndy, got it, paid for it. Fact. HEBE asked if I'd mix Whittlesea soup. I stared stupidly—I deny it's my usual look-said, " Yes." Thought it would look mean to ask what she meant. Gave me a water-monkey, poured out dark-brown liquid, with a corpse-like phosphorescent gfeam. I drank the mixture—by your leave or without it I'll remark, "Alas 1" Had to go out the back way; came back looking pale and emaciated, purchased the soup, monkey and all; went home, analysed the soup, and found it to consist of 7 parts dead bullock in 9ith stage of putrefaction, 2 parts deceased merino sheep ditto ditto, | a part spring water, 7 i parts Whittiesea nightsoil (whence name-ofc the compound), and 83 parts organic essence of " blue swollen corpses" of various kinds, booked in Lemprienfs Classical Dictionary till I came to River Styx, and found on next page but one, bar two, the report of the Central Board of Health, viz., Whittlesea soup to be commonly known as " Ynn Yean water." The Eev. NAYLER raised the ghost of the wild white man who translated- " Yan Yean" as "Bachelor's Lake," so called because despairing lovers drank it when they wished to commit suicide. Deadly poison! Fainted away. Ghost got out of the window, and left one leg full of sawdust behind. Revived. Recollected I had been drinking this for "nearly a second arcade."' Thought I was dead; stuck a pin into my arm. Thought I was alive—profound incongruity of non-existent circumstances ! This is my ovrn— that is, I mean, of course, Whitllesea soup, ill consequence of bavins; been drinking VICTOR HUGO and reading Yan Yean-no. I mean VICTOR Huso's been drinking with me, eh ? Who said I was a devil-fish ? Alas poor YOHICK 1 W IK s YORIGK ? Ask R-UluiiT. The Yorick Club. Cadg.:l not thy brains. ; I saw it went up a winding ladder casc^-eh 2 wrong? rr«z n;-c-is<\ Reminds me of bobbies and suicide. Razors cheap now. Met a snort swell, stout, with suit and moustache. Asked him for a dn:.j£. Offered me Wtottlcse* soup—only 'wiltles be eels at the c.u./s expense. Not- responsible'for. this. .Fainled away fgam. b-out moustache in greT suit picked me up, and said he was permcu«e-l by the club. Asked him why he didn't treat the crab with " contempt," "and leave. Said he never thought, of that, haw Sergeant PEWTHESS (doesn't let his moustache grow) : caid I'd better go to bed. Did -BO ; dieamt of drinking Wanne-A soup out of YORICK'S skull. Woke up in watchhouso—--1 caa t get; outfI can't get out." my? Whittlesea soup ! poor o;rd I will let thee out." Eh ? fined half-a-crown. Central Board ox hcni h —What's the difference between a ma-razine and a newspajwr ? ask BOB-LOGIC—" turned his face to the light, and I s.iw the lvon i n c; his soul;" no, "the horns of the putrid bu.lock enter his froma;::^' « Have a glass of water, sir ?" " Yes, s'il voas plait (company Thought I'd get pure water—disappointed—usual f ite. " 1 ru.v h nursed a dear gazelle,'* frc. Ask Baowx—he knows pr.ctrv._ " Do y u prefer niehtsoil or dead-pig mixture, sir ?". " Steward, a basin. c)ui .U. Coma lopassa ? (hmo csim s^spobrrrpics ? Qu.wn sa< / (Spams*; hie (Latin), cup (English). Shall I go on ? No-why? Wluttksea SOUP I " ' • 