EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. INAUGURATORY MEETINGS. On Monday morning, October 11, a meeting for prayer to seek the blessing of God upon the Alliance was held at the Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street The Rev. Jas. Lyall (the President) conducted the proceedings, and there were present, in addition to about forty ladies and gentlemen, the Revs. W. L. Binks (President of the Wesleyan Con- ference), J. G. Millard, S. Knight, Jas. Jefferis, H. Cheetham, F. W. Cox, J. L. Parsons, S. Head, H. E. Merriman, and J. G. Wright. Portions of Scripture were read, and prayers for the Divine blessing on the Alliance were offered by the Rev. Messrs. Millard, Cox, and Merriman, and Mr. W. K. Thomas. The meeting closed at half-past 10 o'clock with the Benediction. In the evening a meeting was held in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall, Pirie-street. There was a crowded attendance, and the Rev. Jas. Lyall, the President, occupied the chair; in addition to whom there were on the platform the following ministers:—The Revs. D. J. H. Ibbetson (Episcopalian); W. L. Binks. J. G. Millard, G. W. Patchell, and T. Raston (Wes- leyans); J. Henderson and R. Drummond (Presbyterians); J. Jefferis, M. H. Hodge, and Hy. Cheetham (Congregationalists); S. Mead, J. Price, and J. L. Parsons (Baptists); J. G. Wright (Primitive Methodist); H. E. Merriman (New Connexion Methodist) ; and J. S. Way (Bible Christian). The proceedings having been commenced by a hymn being Bang, a por tion of Scripture was read, after which prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Parsons. The Chairman then remarked that he was impressed with the honor that had been con ferred upon him in his having been made the first President of the Alliance. He was sure there were many gentlemen able much more efficiently than himself to discharge the duties connected with the office, but at the same time he yielded to none in bis attachment to the principles of the organization and desire to promote its objects. (Applause.) The various denominations had been laboring with greater er less success, but it was thought more might be accomplished by united effort. No sooner was the idea of establishing an Alliance ex pressed by a brother than it was taken up, and little difficulty had been experienced in coming to an issue on the subject. There could be but one opinion that the object they had in view was a laudable one. (Hear, hear.) Christ parti cularly impressed upon his disciples the desira bility of their being united together in the bonds of love. "A new commandant," He said, "I give unto you, that ye love one another; by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another." Then they knew how in His in tercessory prayer the Saviour besought tie Father that His f ollowersjmi^it be one, even as He and His Father were one. The religion of the gospel was a religion of love—(hear, hear) —and the sympathetic feelings which it became them to cultivate were certain to be productive of many advantages. They had not found it to be a difficult thing to establish a Union of this kind, for the various denominations were one as regarded fundamental principles. They would all direct a sinner, seeking salvation, to believa in the Lord Jesus Christ. What they differed upon were in reality non-essential points. They looked upon those matters on which they agreed as of more importance than those upon which they differed. (Applause.) Their desire was to raise higher the cross of Christ, and sink lower denominationausm ; and he was convinced the movement would prove the "?"i? of crea ting a spirit of greater forbearance one towards another, and of charity. (Hear, hear.) The different meetings which it was intended to hold in connection with the Alliance could not but meet with general approval. Whilst care would be exercised as to the things against which they protested, they should strongly protest against that which would place the office of priest between Christ and man, and that which would place the authority of the Church above that of the written word. He then spoke of the Allianna having appointed a | day for supplication fer rain, and the marked manner in which their prayers, with the prayers of the pious generally, had been answered, and intimated that the Committee had decided to direct on an flarly date the offering of thanks giving for the copious rains with which they bad been favored. (Applause.) He was sorry that in consequence of the doctrinal basis which had been determined upon same had felt themselves unable to join them; but be was glad that so many bad joined the Alliance ; and he would say this, that those Christians who had not joined them would not be loved by them less on that ac count. (Hear, hear.) If they did not love them they would not be acting in accordance with the object of the institution. They loved all who loved the Lord Jesus Christ, although it might be that some did not see eye to eye with them as respected their doctrinal basis. Some difficulty had been met with in connection with the pecuniary arrangements. It was proposed that each member should annually pay the sum of 2s. 6d.; but it being thought that that amount would be a consideration to poor people, it had been decided that the sulwciijt tion of half-a-crown a year should not be com pulsory, but purely voluntary. They should like to see all the members of the various Churches join the Alliance, although some might not feel themselves in a position to annually subscribe 2s. 64. They were ini tiating an important movement—they were launching a vessel which they hoped soon to see speeding on its way. They had commended it to God's blessing, and they asked all to join them in the prayer that His blessing might be abundantly poured out upon them. And though he might not see eye to eye upon many principles with his fellow Christians in this life, it was his earnest hope that they at last might all be found in Heaven, there to be engaged throughout eternity in singing that song which was ever new. (Applause.) The Rev. James Jefferis read the following report of the commencement of the Alliance:— "It has been deemed advisable at this first public meeting in connection with the Evan gelical Alliance, that some account should be given of the commencement of this Christian union. "In the early part of August last, a meeting of ministers of religion in and near Adelaide was held, for the purpose of considering the advis ability of holding occasional meetings for united prayer and tested communion. At that meet ing the Rev. J. G. Millard suggested the idea of forming an Evangelical Alliance. The sugges tion was acted upon by calling another meeting of ministers by advertisement. This took place on August 9. Thirty-five were present, 'repre senting nine different religious bodies. A prolonged discussion took place as to the objects and organization of the proposed Alliance. Ultimately it was unanimously re solved that the Alliance be formed, and a Committee of nine was appointed to prepare a Draft Constitution. The Committee pre sented this on August 23. Before considering it, with a view to adoption, it was deemed necessary to obtain the attendance of lay mem. bers of Evangelical Churches. Another meeting was accordingly summoned by advertisement on August 30, when the report of the Committee was given, and the Draft Constitution, which bad been previously printed and distributed widely, waspresentedforconsideration, modified, and adopted. The only question that elicited strong difference of opinion was that referring to terms of membership. The Committee had recommended the following clause:—' That the persons who compose this Alliance shall be members of Evangelical Churches, or those who are recommended by the minister of the con gregation with which they statedly worship.' Many speakers opposed this as containing no definition of the word Evangelical, and conse quently rendering the whole basis of onion vague and insecure. By a large majority it was resolved to adopt the doctrinal basis of the Evangelical Alliance of England in its entirety. It is a matter of regret that the adoption of this induced the withdrawal of some who had been among the most earnest advocates of the movement. It should be re membered, however, by these and by others who as yet have not joined the Alliance from the same reasons, that it was clearly under stood (as it is distinctly expressed in the clause concerning membership) that the doctrinal basis is not to be regarded as a creed or con fession, and that the words ' hold and main tain' do net refer simply to the matters of doctrine stated, but to ' what are usually un derstood to be evangelical views* in regard to these. There are undoubtedly many and diffe rent opinions entertained concerning the car dinal doctrines of Christianity that are not considered inconsistent with the term Evan gelical. The rigid theologies of the Reformed Churches have been relaxed of late, so as to give more scope to the freedom of conscience and the sense of personal responsibility, which in these past years have so greatly increased with the increase of loyalty to Christ. It was in no sense from a desire to impose fetters upon Christian thought, or to asssume tbe right authoritatively to define the limits of Christian brotherhood, that the basis of the English Alliance was received. Interpreted liberally, in the spirit in which it was adopted, and there need be no conscientious ecruples about uniting with iis. Christian union is a guarantee for Christian freedom. The spirit of association with its liberty is the best safeguard against hierarchical and sectarian tyranny." Before resuming his seat he would like to make one or two remarks. Christian union had been one of the dreams of his life—a dream that had haunted him—sometimes to an intensely painful degree. He was one that could sot bear isolation —standing apart from his brethren, or that the Church of which he was a member should stand apart from other Churches; but he had lived long enough to know that organizations of this kind contained in them many elements of diffi culty. They should not be surprised if these difficulties manifested themselves at the com mencement. There were some who had told them that already there was union among the Churches of Christians, and that there was no need for unity of action such as they proposed, but nevertheless he was of opinion that it was highly desirable this existing union should be manifested toagreaterertent-thattheOhurohes should labor together in firm and holy concert, j and express by their unity that they were one in the Lord. (Applause.) He did trust that those who had been longing for union would not be disappointed, and have one more blow struck at the ideal of their Ufa He, however, pre dicted something better. (Applause.) The Rev. James Henderson addressed the meeting on the subject of " Christian Brother hood." It was with much satisfaction that he had marked the beginnings of this movement towards a fuller manifestation of the essential brotherhood of all true Christians, and the essential unity of the true Church of Christ. That such a oneness existed, and underiied the various sects into which the Church was divided, was a fact which all denominations rejoiced to recognise; but the manifestation of it in some palpable and corporate form was a desideratum which all had felt and lamented. To some ex tent the want was supplied by the formation of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance. And it seemed to him that if in the home country, where sectarian distinctions were so sharply defined, and where denominational pre judices were so varied and so strong, ?w aiijmiiw of this nature had lived, and shed its blissful influence for many years. They might surely hepe that in this new land a kindred institution should not only be planted, but gather to itself tile sympathies and regards of all the friends of Christian truth and Christian Live. (Ap plause.) As separate sections of the Church they might stand fully equipped, and almost perfect in organization and every extreme ap pliance. They had Cathedrals, Churches, schools; they had creeds, confessions, catechisms, prayer-books, Councils, Convocations, Synods, Assemblies; but where, amid all this parapher nalia of Christianity was that fraternal sym pathy, that Christian charity, that mutual good will and mutual help without which all these things were but as sounding brass a?4 a tink ling cymbal? One of the tilings which the thorough development of Christian brother hood was what might be specified as excessive denominationalisra. Making all due allowance for a legitimate and honest love of one's own Church or denomination, what a disruptive influence this self-righteous spirit of secta rian exclusion had exercised on the Church from the earliest days. Those Corinthian party cries—l am of Paul, and I of Apollos— tiad rung through every chapter of the Church's history down to the present time. In virtue of his party connection, each thought himself better than his neighbor. It placed him on a higher level, and the smaller his party the nicer its peculiarities; the mote exclusive its character the more superciliously did be look down from his fancied elevation upon all who followed not him. How opposite all this to the spirit of i that religion which commands not to think of ourselves more highly than we ought; but to think soberly in honor, preferring one another. Impatience, or distate for sound doctrine and love of novelty, where the desire to have some thing attractive tricked out, in the elements of | the word, were other divisine elements. Hence persons were found moving from place to place j and the unity of the Church made a thing of naught. Many other things might be specified. But they trusted they were inaugurating a i better state of things—that the Society the) were launching would, to a great extent, remove those evils, and pave the way to through Christian brotherhood. A philo sopher was once asked, " What is motion T" in reply he rose from his seat and walked about the room, saying, "This is motion." And they must not rest satisfied with allowing their reli < gion to lie wrapped up in creeds or confessions, lor false definitions, but exhibiting it in living life, and in all their intercourse with each other, be able to say to the world, This is Christianity. Christianity in the soul was the password to brotherly affection and confidence throughout the world. It was the sign end countersign to all the Soldiers of the Cross. They hailed the formation of this Alliance among us as affording a platform on which Christians of different denominations might meet either for mutual edification and fellowship, or for mutual co-operation in the interests of a com mon Christianity. If knowledge was power, so was union, too. United fires brighten each other's blaze. The ocean's mighty tide was but drops of water united. The compact phalanx sustained the battle-charge, tiie shock of which would rout the same troops divided. Let Christians, then, unite all their forces. Let them concentrate all their energies, The Association had their best wishes and most earnest prayers, and he hoped it would be found exerting an influence for goo 1 and discouraging everything opposed to it; giving strength and support to each denomination, sustaining the efforts of the public, and cheering them all in the hope of realising more fully that great ob ject for which their Saviour still pleaded, the union, peace, and prosperity of tbe Church, which He had bought with His blood. (Ap plause.) The Rev. S. Mead expressed his hearty sym pathy with the objects of the Alliance. The various denominations were at present united, for the Church of Jesus Christ was one. It was of great importance for them to believe in this Union in a full and real sense. (Hear, hear.) It was incumbent upon him to firmly believe, whatever name was adopted and worn by a brother, if he was united to Christ, that he was one with him. (Hear, bear.) He felt that tbe time bad arrived for them to develop this Union, and have it out in practical manifesta tions. He should be sorry to think that they were going to bring about a union that did not previously exist. (Hear, hear.) They were now united in Christ, and that fact should be kept constantly before their minds—it would tend to a development of brotherly love, as well as of other Christian graces. (Applause.) The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson remarked that he should not apologise for his appearance there, because he thought he was quite warranted in the course he was pursuing when the object of the Church of Christ was taken into consideration. (Applause.) He had been asked to speak on the observance of die Sab bath. As a general rule people were not suffi ciently alive to its claims upon them; but they could not be ignored without suffering the | consequences. He sincerely hoped that the time was indeed distant when the Lord's Day should be as little regarded in this colony as it was on the Continent, where the morning was devoted to religious services and the remainder of the flay to amusements. The claims of the Sabbath dated back to the creation of the world, when God rested from the works of His hands. It was the oldest of all institutions, and he believed it would continue the longest, for St. Paul said —"There remaineth a rest (lite rally a Sabbath) for the people of God." Chris tians should use their exertions to preserve the sanctity of the Sabbath ; for children seeing persons going out pleasure-seeking as they ac companied their parents to Church, wascslcu ' lated to huvean evil influence upon them. The rest of the seventh day was required for man physically and mentally ; the beasts needed it also. Those individuals who would give it up were not consulting their own interests either spiritual or temporal. They knew that there weie some who would do so, and that fact should cause them to exert themselves to the utmost to prevent the Sabbath being desecrated. In this laud of religious liberty there was a danger that their IaWB respecting the observance of the Sabbath might become too lax, and he hoped, should it ever become necessary, that Christians would press upon the Government of the day the judiciousness of enforcing the ob seivance of the Sabbath as a means of preserving morality. The rev. gentleman, who was very warmly received, resumed his seat amid ap plause. The Rev. W. L. Binks spoke of the pleasure he felt at being present on tint occasion, and his gratification at seeing the Chairman occupy ing that position. The topic upon which he had to address them was the necessity of their opposing prevailing errors. The principal benefit, in his opinion, that would result from the Alliance would be the brotherly feeling of which it would lead to a cultivation. They would respect the senti ments and ecclesiastical arrangements of the various denominations, and wish each other I God speed, and look with favor upon the suc cesses of Churches with which they were not connected. There had been in the past, he was .afraid, a tendency among the Churches to ignore the labors of others. He was glad that he could not plead guilty to having done **"*• He had always eiperienced pleasure when he bad heard of the conversion of mmh, and that pleasure had been altogether irrespec | tive of the Church in connection with which the conversions might have taken place, for the conversion of sinners he regarded as the great object of the Christian ministry. The members of that "Alli fl t??y were ail > agreed upon the important principles of then religion. They all believed in the promised gift of tbe Holy Ghost, which they looked upon as the seal of the new covenant, and as that which Christ promised His disciples and His Church they should have when he had left them. They believed in the Holy Ghost being a person dis tinct from the Father and the Son; that it was not simply an attribute of the Deity; and that its especial office was to convince the world xtL sin. One of the great errors of the day was the overlooking of the Great Gift (Hear, hear.) Without the Spirit there was A<?<\"<*><> in the Church; for it was not by might or by power, but by the Spirit that good could be accomplished. There was as attempt to make up for its absence by imposing ceremonials, &c;, but that would never make up for its absence. (Hear, hear.) There would be no spiritual advancement how ever magnificent the Church might be, or talented its ministers, or attractive its ser vices. There would be no good accomplished unless the spirit accompanied the Word to tbe hearts of the people. (Applause.) They were all agreed as to the great truth of Christianity.. —that Christ was crucified ' and thereby atoned for the sins of the world having pre viously assumed humanity. They did not regard Queen Victoria or the Venerable Pope of Borne as the head-of^oe Church-the only head they acknowledged was Christ. They had not banded themselves together to attack the. Roman Catholics, but they must do their duty to their master, and Jthey must never lose an opportunity of proclaiming Him as the Head of iuo Oniifofa* &nd; Affirming £h&t; 10 000 most attempt to take the prerogative from Ham. (Applause.) Who could fall?-It was possible tiiat at the grand assembly shortly to be held in Borne, tiie Pope might admit that he had made a mistake on this point, and prove himself a great reformer. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He nnderetood tint the assembly were to con sider various abases which were existing in the world. He prayed God that tbe Pope might direct their attention to some of those evils which they, as Protestants, had to oppose in this land. (Hear, hear.) Then, again, they all agreed in giving honortoChrist as the Interces sor between God and man. He loved the Boman Catholics, and would like to see thousands of tbem converted, as in the days cf Luther, sad why, he asked, might not as many converdons be again? (Hear, bear.) He did not believe they, as Protestants, gave aufneunt honor to the blessed Virgin, the mother of Jesus. The Scripture said die should be called biassed, and she was honored by our Saviour. They should not be afraid of committing a, sin by mentioning her name. Whilst she should not be made an object of worship, he thought they had gone to the opposite extreme. They were op posed to the offering of prayers to saints—they looked upon Christ, and Him alone, as the Mediator. (Hear.) There were errors connected with the Methodist Church, and also with the Presbyterian, Congregational, and Baptist Churches, but although it would be well if they were eradicated, he thought it would be injudicious to comment upon them there (Laughter.) The Alliance must torn its atten tion to them in course of time. (A laugh.) He hoped it had before it many years of pros perity, in which great good would be accom plished. (Loud applause.) The Rev. J. S. Way, in an interesting and very suggestive speech, dwelt upon the ordi nance of the Lord's Supper, and was followed by The Rev. J. G. Wright, who had as bis sub ject the efficacy of united prayer. In a lucid, forcible, and earnest speech, he spoke upon the power of prayer, and was frequently rap turously applauded. The Chaxbmah observed that, although they had had addresses from ministers of various A.n? r njn<i?,> ir . h?flHin g very different views, I not a jarring note had been struck. (Hear, hear.) The proceedings closed with the doxology, and an appropiiate prayer by tbe Rev. R. Drummond, the oldest minister in the colony. 