(From tho..Advertiser.) If tlio Treasurer exported to obtain any sympathy or support for his new tariff from the outside public he must bo wofully disappointed. Though sinco ho mado his budget speech nothing else has been thought of or talked about, no one ap pears to have a single word to say m favor of the new scheme of taxation. It is condemned in principle aud in detail. It is characterised as being " inequitable and unjust," disastrous in its general effects upon the colony, and especially upon the trade of the South-Eastern District; lis " obstructive to business, unequal in its operation, and most op prossivo to that portion of the community least able to bear it and the Govern ment are informed that any increased taxation in the present depressed condi tion of the colony is highly inexpedient. For the tariff as it is proposed, not a singlo good word has been spoken outside1 of Ministerial circles. It is condemned by the working classes, by the merchants and bankers, by the squatters and far mers, while not one argument has been put forward in its.fjivor, The meeting at the Hotel, Europe was loud in its con demnation. 'Though there was a good7 humored interchange, of pleasant person alities between sonio of tho speakers and the audience, there was no mistaking the feeling of the meeting as a wholo-it was dead against the tariff. The special mooting of the Chamber of. Commerce * was more largely attended than tho, meetings of that important body usually, are, and tho speaking was of a much higher order than is usually displayed. Every resolution, was condemnatory < of tho principles and details of the financial scheme, every ipeeoh cut up root and branch, and ev.ery motion . was carried | unanimously; - ;K«presentative men .like ! Messrs. Taflton, B. B. Smith, J. Howard, Clark,. Toriilnnsori, Barrow, Townsend, and Stdme.Van'agreed in .two things first, thai-tins is not the time to iucreaso the taxation of the colony; and, secondly, if it were, tho scheme of tho Treasurer was unju&kuneqiittl;,, and inexpedient. Mr. Tomkinson ran' over the'proposbd oxponditiirtr for next year, as iudicated in the Estimates, and tried to show that, without sorious detriment to the public iu teres ts, a sa vi ng of som e A' 82;000 might be effected. In tho cost of tho Legi.-la ture ho would cut down the £500 for the library, retrench the expenditure on the caterer's establishment, and in these and other ways sav<$ £3;000 on tho Legisla tive expenses. ' In the Post-Office De partment, ho w£uld save tho cost of the branch service to King George's Sound ; in the grant pr education, ho would knock off £20,000; from charitablo insti tutions, £5,00t}; drop tho volunteers for a year or two; savo £2,000 in the Su-. preme Court expenses; £3,000 in tho ltegistrar of Deeds Department; .£2,500 on .the votes for Aborigines; £7,500 for the Survey Department ; and several, items proposed under tho head of " Mis cellaneous." In all, ho could savo <£82,000. , ' Mr. Tomkinson admitted that some of his propositions were rather startling, but they wero not more so than the pro posal of the Government to increase tho taxation to such a serious extent and in such a questionable manner. Of course wo do not endorse all that Mr. Tomkin son said on this subject; but undoubtedly the principle he contends for is the right one-to reduce expenditure rather than to-increase taxation. Had tho country been in a moderately prosperous condi- i tion at tho present time, or likely to bo so during tho next year or two, wo might liavo borne some addition to our ordinary taxation ; but now, while all interests are depressed, retrenchment or expenditure rather thaif imposing fresh burdens ought to bo aimed at. Tho meeting, at tho Town Ilall was quite as clear and outspoken oh tho sub vjeofcof the tariff as those which preceded it. It was largely attended by tho work ing-class, and the resolutions condemning tho new scheme of taxation, were quite as vigorously and unanimously adopted. : JSot a single person was found with suffi cient temerity<to como forward and de fond the scheme. "Judgment wont fry default;" the speaking was all on one side. .It is note-worthy that in all the meetings which have been held the Go vernment, as a.whole, havo been spoken of very kindly, though their' financial policy is condemned'. It is evident that if they will abandon this proposed in creased taxation, and honestly peek to reduco expenditure, they Mill be firmly .supported ; but they havo not the ghost of a .chance of carrying their financial scheme. .Aud now', in tho face of all this, what will tho Government do? Will they insist upon their scheme, or will they, in defiance to' public opinion, so unequivo cally expressed, withdraw it, and cut tho coat of their, expenditure according to tho cloth of their, incomo? This question they will be bound to answer to-day. Mr. Reynolds's resolution directly challenges their financial policy, and they will havo : to defend it, or withdraw it. It is espe cially uufortunato that the financial policy of the Ministry will bo mixed up with what amounts to a question of no confidence in them; because hon. mombers will undoubtedly be influenced .in their votes by the mode in which tho financial policy of tho Government is to bo raised. There' is an impression abroad that Mr. Ivcvnolds is, to some extent at least, responsible for tho accumulated debt which now, in the opinion of tin* Treasurer, renders taxation necessary, and that therefore ho is not exactly the gentleman to call upon the House to con demn tho new scheme. The impression is that if his resolutions of condemnation wei'i! carried it would prepare the way for his return to tho Treasury Benches, w u re, it is said a majority of the Ho iso have no wish to see him at present. It is po^iblo therefore, that to pre vent such nn eventuality tho House would rather voto with tho Government than with Mr. Reynolds. And hero lies the danger. If Mr, Reynolds loses his moiion, tho Government mar interpret the vote of tho Housoas being in luvor of their financial poliey, which would he a great mistake. Members might not be pi*epared to say with Mr. Reynolds that they are dissatisfied with the financial poliey, because of tho ulterior conse quences of their votes, and yet they may be very far from saving with the Go vernment that they are satisfied with thoir poliey. Wo havo heard it sug gested that tho "previous question" would be a good method of getting out of tho difficulty. This would enable tho House to put Mr. Reynolds's motion aside, and also to reject the financial scheme of tho Treasurer by n direct voto against it. The IIouso does not want to voto for Air. Reynolds's motion, so as to put tho formation of a new Ministry into his hands, and they do not want to voto for tho new tariff which the country can not bear. Mr. Strangways is an astute politioian, and ho ought to see how public opinion is tending. Ho would mako a great mistake if, supposing ho has a majority on Mr. Reynolds's motion, he were to regard that as an expression ot acquiescence in his financial scheme ; for even if ho had a majority in tho House, ho would bo as weak as n broken reed unless that majority were backed up by .public opinion outside, ; llowover the no-confidence motion may go-for or against tho Government-their proposal to increase taxation is and will bo con demned by the country. 