THE POPERY OF RITUALISM; or, romanism in teieciiurcli of england (By John Search .) No. VI. ' Before wc enter upon the subject of our present paper, .we wish to remind the reader of a fact or two which it may be well to keep in mind- throughout this dis cussion ; viz., that much of what is now known as Romanism, existed long before the Church of Rome had adopted and gatnored it up into a system. xue mys tery of iniquity," was at workin St. Paul's day, and it worked vigorously, and soon reached giant-like proportions. What with Judaisingon the one hand and Phi losophising on the other, the glorious Gospel of the blessed God was overlaid, its divine simplicity and efficacy, were greatly impaired, if not altogether destroyed. In the room of " the glad tiding of great joy to all people," there sprang up a vast and complicated system of Sacerdotal-ccrcmo- nialism, in which God and his Christ were thrust into the shade in order to make way for the priests, who claimed to be the one solitary channc) through which alone divine grace, meroy, and love could reach our sinful' race, and without whose manipulations God and man were alike helpless. He professed to he able to " re generate by baptism" — to confirm the work lie had so auspiciously commenced, — by enabling the communicants " verily and indeed," to eat the very " body and blood" of their Lord, — " to bind and loose" for time and eternity — to .absolve the dying penitent, and then in the full confidence of his powers, andlwith a feeling of great self-complacency, to commit' the body of the departed to the grave, in sure and certain hope of a resurrection to everlast ing life. All this power the priest profes sed to acquire, not always by his superior learning, ability, or piety; but sometimes by bis wealth, or by the influence and wealth of bis friends; thus what Simon Magus desired, he professed to have realised. Much of this, we say, existed before Rome rounded it up into a system, and much of it remains, where Rome, as such, is aban doned, and even .denounced. We wish the reader to hear these facts in mind. He has had a few illustrations alreddy, and we promise him more in due time. The subjeot we now wish to place before the reader is Confirmation. Had we in tended to give a systematic view of this, doctrine of the Church of England; Confirmation must in that case have come after Baptismal Regeneration, as the one springs out. of and is inseparable from the other. As it is the reader will have little difficulty in linking the system together, or of forming an opinion on its true hear ings. The following account is from " Hart's Ecclesiastical Records." Eapo 175, &c.; Confirmation was in early times administered immediately after Baptism; but in England children were usually about three years old when they were confirmed. The bishop anointed each candidate upon the forehead with conse crated oil ; gave him a slight blow upon the check, in token that he should bo ready to en dure persecution for Christ's sake ; then follow ed the Pax (which was probably in early times accompanied by the kiss of peace). The fore head was then bound with a fillet of white linen, which was to be kept there seven days and af terwards burnt. — Every male candidate was to havo a godfather, and every femalo a godmo ther. If the confirmation took place during in fancy, the child wns held in its sponsor's arms, but if he was an adult, the sponsor > placed his right hand on the shoulder, or his right foot on the foot of the candidate during the solemnity. The matter of this sacrament was the . chrism, or consecrated oil and balsam, and the form " M or N, I sign thco with the sign of the crfoss, and confirm thee with the chrism of- salvation, initliciname of the Enfthor, and of the S+on, and of tlio HolyfGhost. Amen." There are, however, various opinions upon these points. The name which had been given at baptism was sometimes changed at the time of confirma tion, by the bishop commencing the above form with' the dosired name in place of that , which had, been. hitherto borne by the recipient. The candidates were usually drossed in white; and their .names, and tlio names of their spon sors, were inserted in a rogister kept for the purpose. In, the primitive, church confirmation was lather lookcd.upon as the complement of baptism than as a distinct sacrament, and was adminis tered by Presbyters, immediately after the latter, with holy oil. The consecration of that oil, tlio liiying on of hands, and the consignation (or signing with the sign of the cross) could how- eyer only be performed by tlio bishop, unless by his. special authority, or in cases of emergency. Now let us hear what the Book of Com mon Prayer says of this ordinance. In Hie Rubric attached to the Catechism we have the following which is repeated in the introduction to the Confirmation ser vice — " So soon as Children are come to 4t competent age, ana can say in ineir mother tongue the Creed, the Lord's Prayer , and the Ten Commandments , and also can answer the other questions of this short catechism ; they, shall be brought to the Bishop, And every one shall have a. Godfather or a Godmother , as witness to .their Confirmation. This, be it observed is all that that the Church requires of candidates, for confir mation, Nothing is said about understand ing the Creed, &c.;, hut only must be able to.say them, as they are often said mechan ically; nothing said about piety or even a serious desire for that which is good. And why. should there he? They were regener ated by Baptism without any act or effort of.their own, and now they are about to receive the. Holy Glioet through the inter position of another; That this is a true state- ment of the case will, we think, be rendered sufficiently clear by the fol lowing from the "the. order of CON- firmation." " Bishop : Let us pray." — " Almighty and everlasting God, who hath vouchsafed to regenerate these thy servants by water and the Holy Ghost,, and hath given unto them forgiveness of all their sins ; streng then them, we beseech thee, 0 Lord, with the Holy Ghost the Comforter, and daily increase in them thy mauifold gifts of , grace ; the spirit of wisdom and under standing ; the spirit of council and ghostly strength ; the spirit of knowledge and true godliness, and fill them, 0 Lord, with the spirit of thy holy fear, now and for ever. Amen..'" " Then all of them kneeling before the Bishop he shall lay his hands upon the Leads of every one severally saying." "'Defend, 0 Lord, thy child (or, this thy servant) with thy heavenly grace; that he may continue thine for ever, and tlaily increase in thy Holy Spirit more: and more until he comes into the ever lasting kingdom. Amen." Again — "We make our humble supplications unto thee for these thy servants, upon whom (after the example of thy holy Apostles) we have now laid our hands ; to certify them (by this sign) of thy favour and gracious 'goodness toward tbem." — The whole con cludes with the following— " And there shall none.be admitted to the Holy Com munion , until such time as he be confirmed, or be ready and desirous to be confirmed. " in the two Books of Edward YI., and , in, that of: Elizabeth, the introduction stands before the Catechism and not as now, part of the confirmation service. The Service began with — " Our help is in the name of the Lord, &c.;, omitting the ques tions by the Bishop, and the candidate's reply—" The Lord ho with you" and the response. — "The Lord's. Prayer," and. the prayer beginning — " O Almighty . Lord, &c.;" None of these are found in the above-named hooks, but were added at the last revision in 1661, by the authority of Charles II. In the first Book of Edward VI. there are several peculiarities in the form, of administering this ordinance. After the first prayer we read.— " Minister — Sign them, O Lord, and mark them to bo thine for ever, by the virtue of thy holy cross and passion. Con firm and strengthen them with tbe.inward unction of thy Holy Ghost mercifully unto everlasting life. Amen." " Then the Bishop shall cross them in the forehead, and .lay his hand upon their heads, saying — "N. I sign thee with the sign of the cross, and lay my hand upon thee ; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." And thus shall he do to every child one after another. And when he hath laid his hand upon every child, then shall he say— " The peace of the Lord abide with you. Answer — And with thy spirit." All this was.omittcd in the second book of Edward, and in that published by authority of Elizabeth, and with the ex ception of the last sentence, it was omitted by. the last' revisers. Should (he reader conclude that they obtained this sentence from the early book of King Edward VI., he will conclude rashly, fori such was not the case. Let him compare the Bishop's petition, — " The peace of the Lord," &c.;, as given above, with that found, in the present Prayer-book, and he will see that the former portion is altogether different. The revisers did not obtain it from the king's hook but from some Romish Manual, where it stands exactly as found in the Book of -Common Prayer,- to this day. The reader may compare the Order of Confirmation as used by the Church of England and the Church of Rome, and he will discover that they contain much in : common. See Wiseman's Golden Man ual. Page 419, &c.;, &c.;, as proof of this. Let us now hear the XXV. Article. — ; " These five commonly called sacraments, that is to say, Confirmation, Penance, Orders, Matrimony, and Extreme Unction, are not to be counted for sacraments of the Gospel, being such as have grown, partly of tlio corrupt following of the Apostles, partly are states of life allowed by. the. scriptures ; but yet have not like nature of sacraments with Baptism and the Lord's Supper, for that they have not any visi- ble,sign or ceremony ordained of God." — Some one may perhaps wish to know how we reconcile tkis.last statement, viz: that confirmation, " has not any visible sign ox- ceremony ordained of God," with the fact that this Church has adopted from Rome a ceremony of a very- pompous and imposing kind, to which in her liturgy she attaches great importance. We answer, that we have not undertaken to reconcile these, nor is our business so to do ; if tlie Church says one thing in lior liturgy, and another in her articles, — if the latter aro much more Protestant than the former, we may account for the fact if we; cannot reconcile the contradiction. We shall now give the reader a few quota tions, from a careful perusal of which; he will he able to form some idea of the estimate in which confirmation is held by men of note in the Church of England. First let us hear the author of Household Theology. He says : — Confirmation, the laying on ofhandsbya Bishop for the purpose of confirming the blessing of Baptism, and establishing, young Christians firmly in a state of grace. Again— Confirma tion is an ordinance intended to advance the Christian one step further in the way of grace, and make him firm in his Christian position by strengthening the developing grace of God in him at a time when lie begins to be fully re sponsible to God and men for liis own actions. The Bishop lays his hands upon the head of the baptized Christian, that by this mysterious sign (adopted by our Lord Himself) the spiritual nature of the person may be brought still more under the operation of the Holy Spirit for the purpose of ordinary Christian life, as the same sign is used in ordination for bringing a per son under His operation for the purposes of ministerial life. Thus Confirmation is a kind of lesser ordination, by means of which the already baptized Christian becomes set apart for the work of a full lay Christian in the work of Christ's Church, as that work refers to God, — to other Christians, and to his. own soul. If children or other persons come to Confirmation before the world, the flesh, and the devil have gained firm hold upon them, they are removed by it still further from their influence, and made still better able to go forward in the way of salvation. But although Confirmation is an advance upon Baptism, it is only a .step forward towards another means by which; the growth of, grace in the heart is promoted and spiritual progress con- tinued. To rest at this ordinance as if it were sufficient for some time to come, is to lose a large part of its advantages; and to loiter long! at this point of the Christian life would , be,; in fact, to lose ground. It is a preparation for. the reception of the Holy Communion, which, is the permanent source of grace for the soul in-, the scheme by which God works out its salva-; tion by its co- operation with Him step by step., Nelson, in his life of Bishop Bull, tells .us. that : — It was a matter of great grief to the good-; Bishop, that by the decay of his . strength, and! by his frequent indisposition, he was prevented, from travelling over his diocese, in order to ad minister in all the parts of it that liolj apostolic; right grounded upon scripture, as expounded by i Catholic tradition, (I I) which for some time; hath been known and distinguished in the: Church by the name of confirmation ; and which . in the Primitive times, was more frequently called, obsignation and miction, from the sacred ! chrism, wherewith the persons, confirmed were wont to be anointed by the Bishop, and which, with the imposition of hands, was the symbol of conferring the baptismal spirit. The great usefulness of this holy institution; isjmani fest from tho many benefits which attend it;, for . hereby persons already baptised, receive an increase of divine grace, and large measures of spiritual strength are conferred to enable them to discharge their baptismal engagements. and to carry them to higher degrees of improvement in all Christian, virtues. Dr. R. South, iu bis 49th sermon, has the following ; — Well ; and when they arc thus catechised, what is to be done next ? Why. then let tliom be brought to the pisliop of the diocese to bo confirmed by him, since none else, no not all the presbyters of a diocese, (nor Presbyterians neither), can .perform this apostolical. act aud office upon tlicm. As to the necessity of it, I look' upon it as no less than a completion of baptism in such as outlive their childhood. » Besides that nothing . can be imagined more for tho episcopal dignity and preeminence, than that after. Christ liath thus prepared this heavenly feast for us, ho yet leaves it to his bishops (by lodging this confirming power in their hands) to qualify and put us into a regular capacity, of appearing at that.divine banquet, and of being welcome when we aro there.. Let us next hear the judicious Hooker. In Book V. chap. 66. Sec. 4 &c.;, he says :— ' The Fathers' everywhere impute unto it (confirmation) that, gift or grace of. the Holy Ghost, not which maketli us first christian men, hut when wc arc made such, assistcth us in all virtue, armetli us against all temptation and sin;- As much s signified by Eusebius Emiscnus saying, " The Holy Ghost which descendctli with saving influence upon the water of baptism, doth there give that fullness which sufficcth for innocency, and afterwards exhibiteth in confirmation ah augmentation of further grace." The Fathers; therefore being thus persuaded held confirma tion as an ordinance apostolic, always profit able in God's church, although not always, accompanied with equal largeness; of those ex ternal i effects . which gave it countenance at' first. Iu Sect. 6 of sar.e Book, referring to a quotation from Jerome, ho says : — By which answer it appearcth his. opinion woe flinf fhn Wulr rthnef i'c wAimSirn/l baptism, that confirmation is only a sacra mental complement; that the reason why bishops alone did ordinarily confirm, was mot because tho benefit, grace and dignity .thereof is greater than of baptism, hut rather, for that by the Sacrament of Baptism men being, admitted into God's church, it was- both; reasonable and convenient- that if he baptise tbem not unto whom the chiefest authority and charge of their souls belongcth, yet for honour's sake, and in token of his spiritual superiority over them, because it is an- act of authority, the performance of . this : annexed ceremony should bo sought for at. his hands. Our next quotation is from; WheatlY' on the Common Prayer. Pagci, 381, &c.;: He says :— For though the Baptism, of Water washes away our former guilts, yct| that alone cannot prevent tho return of sin. It is true indeed,- hy; the Sacrament of Baptism we are- made heirs of God, and admitted and received- into, tlio in heritance of sons: hut still, till, wo receive the rito of Confirmation, , we nrc but babes in Christ in the literal sense; we arc, merely infant's,; that can do nothing, not able to resist the-least violence or opposition, hut- lie exposed to every assault, and in danger ofbeing, foiled by .every; temptation. Baptism conveys'tbc Holy Ghost only as the spirit or principle of life; it; is ljy! Confirmation he becomes' to us tlie Spirit' of strength, and enables us to stir and. move our selves. When Svc arc. baptized; wo , arc only listed under tlie banner of Christ, marked foil his soldiers, arid sworn to he faithful ; and not till Confirmation equipped for the battle, or furnished with arms; to withstand the enemy. It is then also that wc aro sealed; with- tho Lord's signature, marked, as it were, for God's sheep, and so secured from being stolen by robbers. The last selection shall be -from Bishop. Jeremy Taylor's " Discourse of Con firmation," found in Vol. XT. of Hc- ber's edition of his works. The first pas sage is from tlio dedication, the others are from the body of the discourse. He says : — But it is no small addition to the honour of this ministration, that some wise and good men have piously believed, that when baptized Christians are confirmed, and solemnly blessed by tho bishop, that then it is, that a special arfjjcl-guardian is appointed to keep their souls frdih the assaults of tho spirits, of darkness. Concerning' which, though Ii shall not interf- pose mine own opinion, yet,, this I say, thait the .piety of that supposition is not .disagree able to the intention of this rito: for since by this the Holy Spirit of God (tho Father of spirits) is given, it is, not unreasonably thought by. them, that tho other spirits of God,, the angels who are ministering spirits, &c.;, should pay their kind offices in. subordination to their prince and ! fountain.; thnt tho. first in every kind might bo the measure of the rest, But it is to be remembered that tho Lord's Supper is for the more perfect Christians, and it is for. the increase of the graces received formerly, and therefore it is for the remission of sins, and yet is no prejudice to the necessity of btiptism, whose proper work is remission, of sins; and therefore neither docs, it mako Confirmation unnecessary: 'for it renews - the work of both tho precedent rites, and repairs tlie broaches, and adds new energy &c.; .... But the principal thing, is this : Confirmation is tlie consummation and perfec tion, tlio corroboration and strongth of baptism, and baptismal grace ; for in baptism wo under take to do our duty, but in Confirmation we receive strength to do it Your baptism was for the remission of sins thore, and then yo were made froo from that bondage : and what then ? Why then in tho noxt place, when ye camo to consummate this procedure, when, tho baptized was Oonfirmod, then he became a Bcrvant of righteousness, that is, then tho Holy Ghost descended upon you, enabled you to walk in tho Spirit ; then tlio seed of God was thrown into your hearts by a celestial influence. In baptism wo are mode the sons of God,; but wo receive tho witness and testimony in Confir mation. . . - When it was for tlio odifiea- tion of tho Church, miracles wore done in Con firmation ; and St. Bernard, in tho life . of St. Malaohias, tolls ' that St. Malolius, Bishop of Lismore, in Ireland,! confirmed a lunatic child, and at the same time cured i hiin ; but suoh things as these ore extra-regular - and contin gent. We could multiply passages of similar import to almost any extent. We think1 the above amply sufficient for our present pur pose. The writers were all eminent mem bers of the Church of England; and may be supposed, to have understood clearly, and :to have expounded faithfully, its teaching on this subject. According . to them Conr firmation is not an, empty ceremony.-butia channel of grace, equal, if not superior to either/ baptism, or the Lord's sjroer. That this is really the doctrine of the Church of -England as put forth in its litany is, as it appears to us, beyond dis pute. That it ia opposed to all New Testament teaching, an utter perversion of tlie entire Gospel plan, an awful trifling with the w.ell-being of never-dying souls, wc arc equally sure, and could show without much difficulty did such object come within our present design. Inour next we shall call attention to; "Lawful Ornaments," "Consecrations, &c.;" Then the way will be clear, and we shall be able to trace Ritualism to its source, and. deal with the cause. 