TIHE, UNBOLTED DOOI Ax aged widow eat alone Bteside her narrow hearth; Her silent cottage never beard The ringing laugh of mirth. SBi children once had sported there, but now the churchyard snow Fell softly on five little graves that were not long ago. She mourned them all with patient love t But since her eyes had ashed Fra bitterer tears than those which dewed The faces of the dead. The child which had been spared to her, her darling and her pride, The woeful mother lived to wish that she had also died I Those little ones beneath the snow, ' Not lost but gone before; Faith taught her all was well with them, C And then the pang was o'er. Dot when she thought where Katie was, she saw the clty'a glare, The painted mask of bitter joy which Need gives ain to wear. Without the snow was thick and white, No step had fallen there; Within she sat beside her fire, Each thought a silent prayer, When suddenly, behind her seat, unwonted noise bhe heard, As though a hesitating hand the rustle latch had stirred. She turned and there the wanderer stood, With snowllakes on her hair A faded woman, wild and worn, The ghost of something fair. And then upon the mother's neck the withered brow was laid, "(an God and you forgive me all? for I hate sinned," she said. The widow dropped upon her knee, Before the fading fire, And thanked the Lord, whose loving hand SHad granted her desire. . The daughter kneeled beside her too, tears streamlng from her eyes, And prayed, "God help me to be good to mother ere ahe dlael I" They did not talk about the sin, The shame the bitter woe They spoke about thoselittle graves, And things- of long ago. And then the daughter raised her eyes, and said In tender tone " Why did you freep your door unbarred when you were quite alone ?" -· "y child," the widow said, and smiled A smile of love and pain ", I kept it so lest you should come, And turn away again: I've waited for you all the while-a mother's love is true; Yet is it but the shadowy typo of Hie who died for you I" 