I CHRONICLES OF THE TIMES. A thing slipt idly Irom me : you muBt guoaa it. SUAKEsrBAna. Some ono or other onco said "All is not gold that glitters," nnd tlio signs of tbotlmoB induce mo to add, all are not diamonds that sparkle. I am led to msko this remark iu consequence of certain brilliant pars in tho various journals of tho day, and from an invitation m tho daily Peacock, requesting the pnbiio to mnko its fortnno at ono stroko by taking shares in the nowly-formed Diamond Company. Mndgeo liaa achioved greatness per taltum. Mndgeo, until now known bnt for hueliranging exploits and mammoth ram shows, bids fair, scion Us on dits, to become an Australian Golcouda. Diamonds aro zu JTaitsc iu Mttdgee. Tho shopherus ns a noay wear uinmona pins, and each stockrider sports n diamond of first wator upon tho knobby finger of his nnwasbed hands. Mndgeo will lie transformed ; instead of tbo bleating of sheep nnd tho hollowing of " Rooshinns," will ho hoard tho rush of wators, nnd tbo Btroko of tbo pick. Iuotoad of tho crack of tho formidable gully-raker, the idiomatio vernacular of uncouth miners will meet tho oar. Sapphires will usurp tho placo of hoggets nnd fat wethers : rubies and other gems, ot storo cattle and springer?. Tho ball is rolling, doer public ; make your game. For tho ridiculoaBly small sum of £1 you havo a clianco of koconiing tho possessor of a palatini residence, entering a liorso at the Derby, oating water souchc, lobster risnolos, mock turtle, venison, and vol-uu vents ad libitum, of ilriukingoeeansof Badminton punch, tho Bimon l'uro Gliquet, yellow seal Johanniuberger, impe rial Tokay, nnd Clos do VoegaB. You can hunt tho shires in winter with three uparo horses, you can onjoy tho onrnival at Rome, Lo Redouto Noiro at Brussels, tho Bil d'Oporn or the Cliaumiero at Paris, do tho Prator in n calooho drawn by Hungarian yuckors, a la Chandos, nnd rnn nnn wiln nwnv tlm cntmnnr mnnf.ha in Bclgravia; or by tho siao ot any Lngodi Como that you may choose. All this you can havo for ouo pound — twenty shillings — forty or eighty nobblcrs, as the caso may be. Diamonds going at an alarming sacrifice — going for the last time ; public, ho in timo — do not miss tho present chance. Tako a share in tho gom company and prosper. Let Grnj's "Elegy," Blightly altered, give you heart to put your nnmo or cross according to circumstances to tho deed of settlement. " Full many a gom of purest rayBi-rene, the shccp-kcuibbled plains of Mndgeo bear." Tho greatest rival to tho diamond movement is tho velocipede mania. All the Victorian world is agog uncut tho respective merit of anioyieB, bicycles, nnd tricycles. Thoy nro bound to como into fashion. Tho block will be dono a la velocipede daily — ominont divinoa and eminent tragedians will disport themselves in Collins street. Tbo qnnsi-clogant nnd tho roturier will roll sido by sido in Bourko ntreet ; burly members of Parliament will career np to tho door of tho Legislative AsBombly ; doctors will pay their professional visits, lawyers will go to filo bills of costs, polieo inspectors will go the rounds, and members of tho fourth estate will do deputations, by menus of thrso now-fsngled machines for locomotion. As vet tiro art of volocipoda-driving is bnt ia its infancy. Jones practices in his hack yard ; Do Boots, of tho Civil Service, gets np a coaplo of hoars sooner than lie is usually wont, nnd hies him to tho Melbourne Cricket Gronml, vfhoro no vulgar eyes will sen his awkward attempts. Bolter, tho sott-goods commercial, plunges at onee in mediae res. Ho rushes wildly down Collins- Btreet, and, no- viso abashed at taking n header through Sarsenet tho si lie mercer's shop win dow, resumes his Beat nud terrifies foot passengers and cab liorsos with his wild gyrations, until an involuntary descent into tho Hall of Commerce cellar puis him liors de combat for a week. Tho Melboarno Hunt Club are ordering veloeipodes ; they don't eat oats, and requiro no clipping or shoeing. Even a celebrated bolaniat has caught tho infection, and may bo seen between tho lionrs of six and sovon a.m. making fntilo attempts to propel himselt along tho paths of tho Butauienl GarilonB. If I hnppon to mcot liiui ho blandly tolls mo that ho likes tho exer cise " because it com-biiic-H celerity with tho ennge-ni-al simi-lu-ri-ty to hmnan progres sion." I shall go in for one Hint oan carry double, iiko tlioulodges on the Montagues Busses, than I run mvn nnmn nf niv luflw fetnrwla who nro not strong-minded enough to como out as velocipedienncs a tssto of fast lite in earnest. Talking of fast lifo, tho old colonists are going u-hc-a-1. Aftar vegetating here for yoara making money, or spending it without making it, they havo become alivo lo tho fact that somo ot tho colonial old stagers aro by no means effluent. Society is composed of rich, ossy- circumstanoed, bankrupts, ami poor. Tho rich nro those who indulge all their whims, tlio eosy-oircumstanced those who havo no whims ; the bankrupts, those whoso stock of caprices bus run out, but who aro busily on tlio look out for now cncs ; and thu poor nro those who would draw hills ou their whims to any amount if they could get any ono to discennt thorn. It ia this latter class, or rather that portion of it that havo for thirty years been trying inffoctnslly to get their bit of stiff do caprice dono, that tho colonial uoaioty aro going n> aid. Of course tho good work must begin with a dinner. Tho founda tion ot ajiospital mnst bo celobrated by n food ; a meeting for tho relief of dilapidated lieaith- etono grinders must bo followed by a heavy sapper, nud n mission to tho man and tho brother on tho favor const of Africa must bo inaugurated by a tnn-iighl. John Bull likes to combine tho iiintorinl with tho ideal. It is to ho hoped that tho old colonists in the glory of their inaugural menu will not forget thoir dajn of mntton nnd damper, will not forget when a bottlo of mustard was carefully jireeorved aa a luxury for tho commissioner when he enmo round, or tho time when a jar of pickles was looked upon ns the maximum of oujoyment. Il is to be hoped tlio llosli-pols of Molbourno will net banish thu romombraneo of thoir vie ele Puhemcjigrioolc in the early days, when tho vsgsries oi a Piiilpotts was the topic of convcrratian, or Mrs Jamieson's le pied «- terra da sr/tiatteitr. Let thoin remember that " It n'est orgucil\quc de pauvre enficlu," and when they huvo done justieo In tho good olieor, and feel in a bnppy state of pleasant comfort, lot them think of thoir brothers in distress, and really begin tho good work by writin" cheques ncoor.ing lo thoir means for tho mitnf a f il„.l. v t , 7 cu'pioBoera. jl am sick of reading domestio noveu, and nm quito blase ns to sensation ones. I havo, therefore, taken to rendiug tho dictionary, and liud that although tho sonso is at times rather con- fused, tlio words are good. Tho othor day I came across tho word " kick," which I found to he " a blow with the foot." Sinco then I havo fouud out thut tbo dictionary wan wrong, and tlmt it had quite another meaning. tlIuck, un mot de Jiullarat is a poiito mm k of gratitude irom tho shopkeeper to tho manager of tho prosperous mine lor tho favour of his patro nage. " Kick " is every whero, and no womier lnaungora can driva fast-trotting steppers iu gaudy buggies, wear a liutfull of jewellery, play unbounded Louisa, and mako a heavy hook ou tho Melbourne C ip. Tho origin of " kick," in tlio Bslk'.rutian sousn, is very ancient. Catullus saj-B, " Argumcntmn pcdienlinam prineipis erat pro favarilms acceplis." There is no doubt rli.it Lira l'orsenna got kick from Turquin ; that Brutus, Foinpoy, and even tho great Cms ir wore ameuabla 10 kick. The Couv de vied ihn: said to linvn lmim . .. Itocd by his royal mistreEs Catherine do Medicrn, no doubt nlludcs to tho pcrcentago ho received on the victims sent out of tho worid by the liolji ot his po'soned gloves or dead y candles. I was going to say, Vine le kick, but tho system lias lioen blown upon by au indi vidual refusing to pay tho comiucrciul black mail. Le kick est morl, aud mines may perhaps give larger dividends. I said before that I was sick of novels. I am getting tired or the lexicon, so I havo begun to study tlio murnl li.orft.uro of my adopted country. What food for imagination there is in antipodean placards —what moral truths, what signs of gigantic in- tellects ! I seo in glaring letters, " Ghost m n pawn shop," and immediately con clude that a pawn shop is tho right P, a Rhost to be— at all events there is tho ghost of tho chanco that tbo 'Jimoown, tbe rusty piano, and tho Hot iron may bo redeomod. " /toad tho deluge." Tho pro-Adamite and Hendorsonian eras, Hngh Miller, and nil that has hscn written on tho sabjcct, is an olla podrida that givos mo food for hours. Ono hill announces " That none need sutler," nud another immediately bonoiith it hears tho mystic word "Alizarin." I imme diately cogituto it Alizarin is a costly Indinn drug, or the namo of somo wonderful profossor who cores tio dolorcnx or hcnrt-acho with a touch of bis stumpy finger. A largo bottlo labelled " Superior hitters " ia in juxtaposition to tho announcement that tho Rov C. Chirk will preach in tlio Theatro Royal on Sunday, and it immediately occnrs to mo thnt overy bitter in this world hnB its concomitant sweet. Before mo is n pigeon-breasted gentleman with stiff legs, but without a head, and a per fect Miss Biffin as to arms. Tho writing un derneath informs mo that I can bo fitted with continuations at Rogers' for 13s Cd. No need nf c/rnt Milnllm with frftmiATltn flf. flint, nrinn. Thu Early Closing Association embellish their literstaro. Tliero is u band of volnntcora going to spend a holiday in rout'-mnrcliinp , nnd n javonilo colonial yonth, in tlio exnbcr- nuco of Saturday nflornoon, slogging with his hat, to the probablo detriment of ono tho volnn- teoi'j lioadp. Ouo hill ia now hoforo my toind'n oyo, "Who struck Ahrotuwd?" Whet oan it mean? Is it tho wntch-word of somo secret society, and lias it anything to do with tho gigantic corkscrew near it? I must fiud it out, and when I do, you shall hear whether it is n nchcime aescllscho ft or quelque chose a croauer. from L13 FLANEUR. 