AMONG THE SPIRITS. " i [From the Daily Tcleijiatih."] The following statement is written by a gentleman well known, and as well respected, in literary circles in Melbourne. His character both for keenness of perception and for sound judgment is of the highest, and his personal veracity is unchallenged. These our currtjtances give to his communication a special value We can assert our own unwavering belief that every word of the article is penned in perfect good faith and with no other object than to place a narrative of facts? then appeared to the writer before the public. Could we not have guaranteed so much we would not have inserted the article Ed. D. T. It was at the request of a friend, who has from time to time given much attention to what is now, called Spirit is, that I recently attended a stages of its disciples. And unless I greatly deceive myself, I went thoroughly divested of any prejudice or pre- possession on the subject. If any unusual feeling did pervade me on the occasion, it was perhaps a little uneasiness at the prospect of witnessing manifestations of the supernatural, or of something that might struck my ancient and conservative ideas of the laws and constitution of human existence. Of Spiritualism (or Spiritism) as a science or a study I know as little as most persons, not having taken any trouble to inform myself concerning it, either by reading or otherwise Why this is thus- to adopt the Wardlun phrase I can only explain to myself by a general and instinctive unwillingness to give attention to studies which appeared perilous, or, to say the least, unprofitable One 'man might call this commendable prudence, while another might stigma use it as cowardly mindedness. . But the fact is that I have been simply lazy in the matter, and contented myself with laughing at the trickery and absurdities that have undoubtedly been tacked on to exhibitions of Spiritism. But the angry tone and loose argumentation of some local writers by whom the spirit believers have been attacked, have induced me at last to take the trouble to see and judge for myself. I know by hearsay that there are millions of educated persons in America who give unqualified adherence to the doctrines of Spiritism and I chance to have read that there are thousands of men and women of acknowledged superior mental capacity, moving in the most distinguished circles of Ettro poan Society, who have openly declared their belief in its truthfulness. America seems to have been par excellence the practice ground or testing arena of progressive science like Shoeburyness for the big; guns. Now phenomena always have fair treatment and prompt consideration in the United States. There is an impatient order of intelligence that characterises the American community. No fresh discovery of science has to wait long with our transatlantic cousins for the test of diligent and close examination. And their confidence in the reality of Spiritism seems to grow with a growth steadily increasing in significance. And now, to return to my purpose of describing what I witnessed. It was in a spacious apart- ment, with a cathedral character ' of loftiness and gloom, that was introduced to a party of Spiritism. The aspect of the chamber might have fitted any one predisposed to imagine supernatural surroundings; but, being tired and having my thoughts preoccupied with other affairs, I was in a mood of' listless tariff ounce to the proceedings. There were two tables in the room, about two yards apart, and at one of these were seated some half a dozen ladies and gentlemen, more or less susceptible of the mysterious influence. At the other table were several gentlemen, who sat quietly round it, with their hands spread openly on its surface These continued in this attitude for above an hour, but there was no " manifestation so I dismiss for the present this portion of the experiments. My seat was about three yards away, and equi- distant from both tables. Half an hour might have elapsed before anything remarkable occurred at the first table. Then I noticed distinctly, by the light of a powerful lamp thrown by a shaded reflector on the figure of the honest gentleman, that his hand rose from the table and quivered for some seconds with a preternatural rapidity that might be compared to the vibration of a harp string. Thodia once described in this movement did not apparently exceed an inch or so, but it served to exhibit the unit in a blurred outline such as will be seen to surround the prongs of a tuning fork when struck, road which represents a movement of many vibrations in a second. After this the hand, grasping a pencil, was brought down to a large sheet of paper which it commenced to traverse with a rapidity truly mar serious, if not superhuman. Three of those at the table were at one time engaged in like manner aforesaid. In regard to mediums I understand that there are some who exhibit exclusively this phase of spirit infltionco-involuntary writing. Of one lady I unhesitatingly assert that she did not look upon the paper on which she was writing that her eyes did not accompany the motion of her band. This lady writes in languages of which she has not the slightest knowledge, and with uniform correctness and rapidity. The sum of evidence on this point is, to my mind, conclusive and indisputable. One gentleman who sat at this table, and the only person there present of-whom I can speak from long and intimate personal knowledge, wrote under this spirit influence, and in a handwriting very dissimilar to his own, ' a communication of which I enclose a copy. On examining this manager spot, I found that every word ran into the following, the pencil not being killed and notwithstanding the inconceivable rapidity of movement, each sentence was complete, and not what [ may term bungled in expression. When the pencil reached the end of a Uno, I had observed that it darted back to the commencing point of another with the quickness and precision of a shuttle in a steam loom. On these phenomena I prefer not to theorise. Sly desire is simply to record facts. of) this gentleman, I will merely say that I knew no one less likely to lend himself to any 'imposture or unworthy artifice. And he is, moreover, a man of open and dispassionate temperament. The signature appended to this communication, in a manner which he declares, and I believe to be involuntary, ' is Locke. I know it is easy to ridicule those statements, and no one has been, from time to time, more eager than myself to swear at the allegations of the. spiritists. With a somewhat quick perception of the ludicrous, it has been impossible for me to hear of iiccordconB ground by invisible musicians, and, the grotesque capes ings of tabled, without a predisposition to write humbug and deception to every manifesta-: tion attributed to spirit influence. My views are al. tor ed. Some days have elapsed since I first witnessed what is herein recorded, but collection has only strengthened my opinion that these phenomena are true. With regard to the money sealed up with a written sentence, and to be given to any one who shall truly declare what the unopened packet contains, It proves nothing. When the Rochester 'rap pings excited public attention, twenty years ago, somebody placed a note for £100 in a Dublin bank, to be given to any spirit rapper or other person who should rightly names the number of the note within a certain time, and, of course, it was never claimed ; thereupon the depositor- triumphantly gibbetted all spiritualism as absolute imposture. He had settled the question, and his cock crowing utterance of exultation was, " Let me never again be bothered with this proved lie." This language but embodies that clumsiest form of fallacy which logicians term the argumentum ad ignormitiitiu. I conclude for the present with a couple of verses from Longfellow's " Haunted Houses," to which I have now turned with a freshened interest " All houses wherein men have lived and died Are haunted houses. Through the open doors The harmless phantoms on their errands glide, ' With fact that make no sound upon the floor. There are more guests at table than the hosts Invited the illmnhiiitoil hall i Is thronged with quiet inoffensive ghosts, As silent as the pictures on the wall." The following is the " Locke" communication of which our contributor enclosed a copy :-" All good Boss is the Divine perfections towards which everything in Nature tends. Evil is but the rugged path of progression by which the good travels on to maturity. Without the existence of this condition of evil and could not work out MR works of creation. If the complete good appeared at once, then miracles would take place, and law and order to set aside, which is impossible. Without evil in connection with man's existence, reason would be impossible. Man, to live perfectly good in a perfectly harmonious nature, would be a life of instinct in a miraculous state of things, and not a life of reason gaining knowledge by experience in a world gradually developing under laws of progression. Nature only can reveal both God and his ways, since only by Nature does God reveal himself. imperfect knowledge comes before the more advanced knowledge, as imperfect structure. And though Nature cannot be, we are constantly reading Nature wrongly, and can only correct our reading of her by constant and poisoner In" researches. This is so reasonable that no one can deny it. And yet we see dogmas set up as infallible truth, idols to which Nature herself is requested to yield and bond in homage. Although we imbibe knowledge from the researches and accumulations of others, we carry the test of our knowledge in ourselves. All we believe to be true must harmonise together in our minds, and fresh ideas have to be tasted by those already possessed, and i>iV< vena. Nature lives by constant changes, and modifications and readjustments of ideas are as necessary to a healthy mind, as physical changes are to a healthy body. An idea may remain essentially the same, but every fresh idea must colour all our previous ones, and probably alter many of them. Bones the ab- solute necessity of a free mind disabused of all pres judges, and the absurdity of fixed and unalterable opinions contrary to all the laws of mental, moral, and physical health. A free mind open to conviction, has a wonderful power of perceiving truth. Truth is simple and sold apparent. ' Do unto others, etc., is so plainly to no, that no authority nood patrons ii, with its weight, and other assertions are as patently false were not the minds of men abused by a blind. adherence to authorities. With a free "mind and truth for authority, you need not fear error, for the errors of a free mind are discovered and dispelled by the light of every now truth, is the dows of night are dispelled by the light of the morning sun, or M .Milton'« Sultan was detected by the touch of And. spear. The saying is true that great is truth, and it will prevail. Those who aim at teaching truth, and not at propagating opinions, take the best meaning only to instruct others, but themselves. The bleating is double they are twice blessed," 