TALES kM SKETCHES. THE MISSING JUROR ; OR HOW WE TRIED HEAD-CENTRE O'HOULA HAN. [PROM TEMPLE BAB.] Of oourge I was on the jary (such is my Invariable luck), and that too at the busies time of the whole year. They passed over twenty names till they came to mine, and then, aa the Yankees say, ' I was walled in.' My experiences as a juror are unremarkable, save for the unhappy fact of my being alwayB called upon to serve on oases insufferably dull and unendurably long. In the great fire in Buranea record of Willop v. The Blue Bkzea Company, which lasted twenty-one days, I was nothinr? le«H thnn fnrnmor Tha ntmnn«l,/,,« of the court was akin to that of the Blaok Holo at Calcutta, and we were well- nigh worn out, when, in order to expedite business, I aBked the plaintiffs counael a simple question, in volving a ' Yes' or a 'No.' To my intense astonishment and bitter regret, thia innocent query led to a legal argument which lasted three dear days, and drew upon my devoted head the hatred, ill- will, and contempt of (I may call them) my fellow-prisoners. It may be as well to mention that I am an Irishman, a burgess of one. of the principal cities in Ireland. I am a loyal man, and the only two choruses I was ever known to join in witu anything like harmony are ' God save the Queen,' and ' He's a jolly good fellow.' I consider that J live under a wite and benign Government, and although some of my country men are of a contrary opinion, yet when I put it to them, 'What would become of ub without England?' they somehow invariably fail to Batisfy me ; and were Flood, Grattan and O'ConneU to advooate repeal for my especial conversion, I would say with an honorable member of the House! ' My judgment may be influenced, but my vote— never 1' In Maroh, 1867, Fenianism culminated. The green flag was unfurled at Tallaght, and dragged through the mud. For every man faithful to the cause, fifty were false ; for every true man there were fifty traitors ; for every misguided fool there were fifty designing knaveB. The ringleaders were captured and brought to trial. Now, to be on the panel at such a time was, to say tho least of it, a tioklish posture of affairs. Never did a sheriff or a sub-sheriff receive so many invitations as those of tho city of ? . airs »UD-Bnerm waB visnea oy the wivbb of the grand jury, and her babies were smothered in bonbons. It is, however, but juBfc to those worthy officials, to state that they summoned ub, one and all, without the least partiality ; and not a few of the jury, when they found themselves duly sworn, regretted their yellow or green sealed bottles, and the odoriferous and gallop soieus liquor which had gurgled down the throats of the officials in question. If my wife had not been in an annual condition, I should certainly have visited my foreign correspon dents, but Matilda Jane's situation forbade any attempt at sequestration. Of course I waB called upon to serve. How devoutly I prayed that my well-known prin ciples would evoke a challenge from the counsel for the prisoner I But no — I had a walk over, while every other man called upon was either tapped up on the part of the prisoner or on the part of the Crown. Certain unpleasant rumors had gone afloat, to the effect that no juryman's life would be worths ' penn'orth o' pins' should the priso ner be found guilty. I was favored, on the morning of the trial, with a coffin drawn upon a very dirty piece of paper, my ewn nome and date of decease forcibly engraven upon tho lid. It was also industriously oiroulated, by gentlemen unqualified for the jury-box, that the trials were likely to ran on many weeks, as the emi nent counsel engaged for the defence were in structed to speak against time. Tbese pleas ing rumors, in addition to the fact that we were to be preoluded from intercourse with the outer world until we arrived at a verdict, ren dered the situation snything but blissful. ' Nil desperandutn' is one of those quota tions whioh, if adroitly applied, passes the ap- t plioant as a classical scholar of the first water. Ignorant men don't understand it; men of letters imagine there is more from whence that came. Nil desperandum, then, I was sworn in, and took my place, with eleven othera, to try Patrick O'Houlahan, Head Centre, ' for cer tain high orimes and misdemeanors. For inas much as,' &o.;, -feo., -feo. The Attorney- General opened the case in a speech that lasted the entire day. Half a dozen at least of the jary took fifing naps. Old Ohonzler can sleep with one eye reapectfully fixed on the judge, tho other intently planted in the direction of the bar. Young Slopnriss, of the firm of Slopmies and Gudgeon, and Tomkics the feather- merohant, retired into the remotest corner of tho juvy-box and there ? O temporal O mores!— prooeeded to play, as they facetiously termed it, three chalks for tea BhillingB— being spoil five between two, four tricks constituting a ohalk. Thi3 operation re quired Bilenca and dexterity; but an they manipulated the 'flati-' behind Mr Lumpt wistlo — who is as broad as ho is long, and weighs twenty Btona before dinner — they en joyed their little game in comparative se curity; one or other starting np between tho deal R9 the deal permitted, as it in excrcoi&t; ing anxiety to catch any, labored sentence the Attorney-General was pumping out. ?. I did a great deal of mental arithmetio — gave my boys professions and my girls fortunes — during tho long hoars the law officer of the Cirown was' endeavoring to impress upon me the enormity of the crimo of the prisoner at the bar. My experience of being in the box is this. The jary in criminal oases cars very little for citations from acts of Parliament, are averse to prolonged intellectual efforts in the way of harangues ; and I would suggest, since printing ia nowin so high a state a perfection, and so mnoh in use, that d statement of the case be printed and circulated amongst the jury immediately after their catering the box. This would save time, and amuse tho twelve gentlemen in question. About four, or five or sis of us got together, aad began discussing the question as to. whero we were to dine, for we saw the case had not' as yet got-into'owing. ' ? ?'The 'Blue Bedgown,'' caid old Chonzler, owe foreman ; 'that's the house for port.' 'The * Black Lion,'' suggested S!opm'is« ; 'tho sheriff is mighty partial to their whiskey.' 'I'll bet two to one it's ; at the 'Crooked Fluke' he'll locate us,' interpoaed .Tomkina, 41 far it's so near.' 'Two to ons?' said Siopmiss, 'amid a dead silanoo in the court. 'I beg pardon,' cried. Serjeant -Biglob; ' perhaps I can set the respected member of the jury right.' We considered this rather' an awkward matter for the reporters, so Tamp ions said, innpoently, ' Oh,-it doesn't matter.' The judge here interposed, and informed the wretched Tompkina, with great asperity, that it mattered a great deal, and the sooner his mind was satisfied on the point the better. ' I assure you, my Lord, it doesn't signify,' said Tompkins, meekly. 'And I reiterate, sir, for your information, tbat the difference in numbers may cause an undue, impression to ?weiah on . your mind,' retorted, the judge! ' Quite ao, my Lord ; I thank your Lordship,' jerked the learned Serjeant. ? Tompkin'a waa ready to sink with shame. The eyes of the whole court .were npon him. If he deolined to be enlightened, he brought down tfee judge and'' bar on his devoted head ; if he acceded, he should propound some pro position to' enable his being coaobed. Being' -a young man of sluggish mind, and not aotuated by a rapid flow of ideas, he con sidered he -/was bound to inform the court of tbe actual state of the case/ land ere any 'of nei could prevent him,-be said : ' The fact is, my lord, I was only offering a, bet of two te one where the jury were to get their dinner.' A roar of laughter shook the oonrt, in which the judge, and even the prisoner joined. The peal w!bs again and again repeated, while the leading counsel for the prisoner very aptly quoted : — ?'? . - , . ' 'An4 wretches hang that jurymen Kay dine.*' After Tompkins had received a oauterising from the prisoner's counsel, and a caution from \- the judge, the Attorney-General resumed his : sing-song statement, quoting 'acts 'from all the -Jeorgea, reading copious extradts, and, in a word; fatiguing everybody but himself ; till at'length the judge, looking at his watch, said : ' Don't you think it' would be a convenient time to ad journ, Mr Attorney ?' Mr Attorney, beiDg wound up, would have gone on till morning; but, deeming the hint -significant, accepted the suggestion, and bun dling up his papers quitted the court, which in a few roinuteo was tenanted on'y by the sub sherifi, the crier, three policemen and oar un happy selveB. The sub sheriff was a crozs-grained, sour little mas, with a great deal of vinegar mixed up with bile in his composition. He doomed liia office far more important than that of the judge, and treated all' jurymen with a severity savoring more t-f the slave-driver than of the peaceful offloial. His worst enemy never iinted at his packing a jury, and bis best friend, when serving, was treated with the same rigor as the most distant acquaintance. ? 'Now, gentlemen,'^ said the aub-eheriftv 'yon will ha locked np daring the Bight, this being a criminal oase. I intend having yon conveyed in- carts to the ' Green Inn' hotel, where every- comfort has been provided for you.' ' ? _ ' Hera a timid juror hinted that it would be extremely desirable for him to see bis wife, nnd pledgedhis honor to return, if necessary, b? cockcrow. ' ' Tut, tut; tut, air; do you think lam a fool, sir ?' cries the sub-sheriff. 'So absurd a proposition never came under jny observa tion. It's very wrong, sir; to make me such a proposition— Excessively insulting.' . ' The abashed offender became dumb. ' Are you ready to aturt, gentlemen ?' ' Oh, perfeotly,' is the unanimous reply. Then, like a set of malefaotora, we are marohed by fours between a file of polioemen to the yard, where carts are in waiting to re ceive us. We are hustled in, the door banged, and, with one of the force on the box, ore driven rapidly to the ' Green Inn' hotel. Here the -'sub sheriff waa assailed by the jury to a man : 'I want to send home to my wife to let her know ;' ' I will require a nigh' t* oap and night-shirt;' 'I must send for my oashier to make arrangements to meet my bills ;' ' I must have a feather-bed,' and many other demands of equally startling and imperative necessity. How this choleric little gentleman ever managed to quiet the twelve of us is »Mll. a mystery to me. That he succeeded, however, is a matter of history ; and we soon recovered our equanimity, when we found ourselves seated at dinner, with fowl at the top, roast beef at the bottom, a ham at the side, and, better than all, & boiled leg of mutton con fronting the bam. ' - ' Beer was permitted, and two tumblers of punch to each man. Now, as three bf tho gentlemen present were total abstainers, and an two of them couldn't bear the taste of punoh ; but ai all five_wero good fellows, and demanded their allowance with a firce determi nation, bo as to throw the ten tumblers over the remaining -seven jurors, things promised tq go on very smoothly. There were two special constables told off, to see tbat we 'held no communication with the ontar world. Those worthy officials remained posted outside Ihe door, but, when opportunity offered, cautiously peered in and counted the heads, so as to assure themselves that all was right, &s; they had been threatened with horrible coneeguencea should any contretemps occur. . ?'?? The oloth was removed, the tumblers intro duced, and the- conversation began to oiroulate, when Mr Slopmisa deolarod to me that he must have a smoke. ?-?' You'd better not think of- it hero,' said I, ' for old Chouzler hates the name of tobaceo.' «' But I can't do withont say weed; my dinnev would disagree with me,'' *? My dear boy,' said I, 'you see it can't be done. If you like to wait till bedtime, perbap* by putting your , head up the chimney, or by reclining from the window, you could managa it; but, as things go, it is utterly impossible.' Slopmiaa groaned. ' I'm & dead man, by being on thie d — d jury I I've missed my tw* daily smokes, and my digestion will ga astray for ever.' - I felt for the poor fellow ; be was evidently miserable. A bright thought will sometimoa burst into blossom even in the dullest minds. I say this deferentially, as the idea emanated from mine. Along the line of windows (three being attaohed to the apartment in which we were sitting) ran a roomy balcony. 'Bj jingo 1' said I. 'Siopmiss, you can have your weed.' ; ' H iw ? — when ? —whore ? ' cries the; victim to iobacoo, in a very exoitod whispeF. 'Oa the balcony.' 'On the balcony? What balcony ?' 'The balcony outside the : windows. Yon can , easily pull aiido the curtain, gently raise ihe sash, Beat. yourself, ishutting tho window behind you, and smoke until you are sick.' 'By'- Jove, Browne, you've saved my life ''.said Slopmisu. The foreman was busily discussing the merits of certain olarets, with an unction that attracted the attention of at least nine of the jury, when Siopmiss ? oautiously stole from the table, and, , with cat-like steps, reached the .curtain of the nearest window; and then with a dexterity of manipulation of which I did not deem; him capable., gently pushed aside 'tho drapery, and disappeared as noiselessly aa a ghost. : : ' ??;-. ;.'..'. He had not been gone more than three or four minutes when the wary constable posted - at the dobr popped in his head to see that all was right-— -tbat the prisoners were safe. As the easiest mode of ascertaining this- important faof, he 'counted tho individuals present. I was seated ;exaotly opposite, having ' closed up' ia' order to render Slopmiss's absence os little remarkable, as possible. When tbe con stable cotamenced his -l count,' I saw thera would be', aa Dick Bwiveller would term it, ' scenery}' He counted rapidly, 'and when he came to the. end, seoTned, somewhat puzzled,' but reoommenced with more determination— 'One, two, three, four, flvo, six, seven,' -fco./ his lips moving in solemn slownesss. Again, a sudden [convulsive stop. Ho rubbed his eyes and begab to reckon round the other way: 'Only eleven !' He hastily .threw open'the door, and; palled in his fellow-oanetable. . The latter commenced to, count: 'Only eleven.' Again :'«,' Only, eleven.' .They held a short council, whioh ended by their lockicglthe door. By this time the foreman's attention was called to the fa-^ of their presence, an! the oome wbat remarkable proceedings consequent there ?onV ? :.'? ? .''??.?'?' - -o ;'??''?'. ?,' ? '? ??'?.-?. II What! is; the meaning of this intrusion!!' shouted Mr'Chouzler. , ''. Beggorra, sir, we're fairly puzzled,' said tho constable. 'There was twelve of yez here -five, minits ago eittia1 fair an' aisy round the board, and now,, raoy: the devil fly away with me, but there's wan of yez gonei' 'Impassible, air 1'. said Mr . Ohauzler ;i' you're drunk.' ' Be th& hole in my coat, I wished I had the provocation, air; ibut borrajdhrop .of anything rsthrcugeri nor. wather crossed me lips the blessed night. But ahure, sir, as ye doubt me word, count the skulls .yeraelf.'' i ' ; ., '.'.' ,-. .'....' ?'?.,:???;.'. Mr Chotialer aoted upon the suggestion, in whioh he wag aided by every juror present, the majority of whom insisted upon twelve, Cbonzler hioaaelf corroborating the constable's eleven.' ' ! V' .'. ' ' ' .. ,' ,.'.?? .',,' .. ,;. ... ? ' I beg yer pardon, gintlemin,' obaorvod the constable, 'but as one of . yez is miaoin' ihe eheriff will murder u&, ' so by yer lave we'll saroh the'primiBes ; bnt if it's as bow yez are jokin, ay coorso, yez can folly yer pleasure, oEly say so;at,wanst.' . . Mr.Ohouzler denieti the possibility of a joke, and requested/ the eonstables to make n most rigorous Be'aroh, 'admU'ting himself to: bo fairly puzzled.and comparing his list ..to- ascertain the ini8sing man. : flow I anticipated the fnn of Slopmias. being discovered, and ushered into the presence of the irate foreman 1 Ten times I was on the point of confessing, and ten times. didlfunkiW.avowaU: ;. -. ':?:? -? ?'??-'? The constables daoked under '-the' table, and groped foij .thflir ? prey amongst our legs. PailiDg to diecover him herei they drew aside the window curtains, closing them carefully. Upon finding emptiness, one of them cautiously peered np the ohimaey,: although a thundering fire blazed iathe grate ; while the other, in' aa agony of search,, liftod tho lid of the coal scuttle, as if the body of Slopmias could by any acrobatic possibility fit into so email a space. Finding tbat all these efforts produced no fruit, they hold a council of war.. ...... While they were boating their brains, the gentlemen round the table were beginning to feel perplexed. ' Wbat the devil has become of that feol ?' grqwlsel Ghouzler. 'I saw him not two minutes ago,' observed Mr Frizzle; 'he waa sitting opposite me,' 'Heavens 1 he waB beside me,' sbreamed Mr Eobloy, a nervous little ' gentleman with a shrill voioo. ' This a d— d Fenian dodge 1' shoutad a gentleman, whose loyalty was of the most up roarious nature;.' and. C03t me what it will, I'll expose it.' Tho oonstables advanced, and the offlaer who had previouoly aoted as spokesman came forward. ' Gintlemin, this is a mighty quave bisnisa. . There's larka in.it, or there's wass. Now' (here; he fixed his eyes on Chouzler), ' if this oald gent will only aise himself of the truth, it'll save thrubble.' ' Confound you, fellow 1' cried the indignant foreman. ' Do you imagine for one moment that I know any. thing of this1 proceeding? Answer me, sir, at eace I' ' Troth, sir,, an' thin I do,' replied the officer, with a oalmnesa that spoko bis con viction. ; . ..; An irrepressible tittov ran round the table. Chonzler grew purple with suppressed rage, but maintained an outward calm. 'Why, sir,', he gulpod, ''dp you imsgine I could be a party to this .affair!?' .. - Tho officer replied, without a second's hesi tation; ' Beggorra thin, sir, bekase ye've a dhrolieye, divjl a doubt of iS.' We roared laughing. The faot offixinatbe. ecoapade on tbe wary and irate Cbouzler was so mirth-provoJiing that we laughed loudly and long. ' I'll not remain bore to be made a laughing, stock pf !' he shouted, dsrtisg from his chair aa he spoke; 'and allow me to say that this soanclcloapi practical joko shall be sifted to tho very bottom — to the very bottom 1' He approaobed the door, and was about flinging it open when the constable interposed. 'AiBy— aisy, sir! One of yez fly in' away ia hopes, but two would be tho devil entirely.' Poor old Chenzler, beaten at all points, ro torned to his coat, swallowed a tumblerful of watof) and glared st bis foe. ['It'a time. tfiutlemtn,' said the second constable, '.tbat something should be done. We must oend for tho sheriff, gintlemin, if yez don't produce the gintleroan that is ahide.' 'Send for the sheriff at once, 8-r,' shouted Chouzfer, 'and let him deal niih this matter with the utmost rigor.' ' Gintlerain, is. it yer wisb that I should go for tbo sheriff?'. Omnea : ' Yep.' Now, I had allowed the thing to go too far. I had broken down tha bridge, retreat was utterly outof the qne.8ti.on ; so I coincided with the reef,: loudly demanding the Bheriff. The faoetiouB constable remained while the wther went in scaro.h of the tflloer of Uie law. ' Troth, yez '11 have a qaare time av it whin., the sheriff convs, gintlorain. I don't care tuppence for meaelf, for I'm only fifteen sbilT lin'a a week,:bnt ytz are in a hobble as srire as me name is P«t Murphy. He'll go roarin' mad and get yez all six monthB, as eure as there's an eye in a goat, or a. bill on a crow.'1 .?? .: The worthy man helped himself to a. chair,., and seated himself with bis back to the door,, surveying us all with a grim pleasantry that was highly, diverting. ' Beggorro, ye might well bile up, sir,' he continued « addressing Chonzler; 'for the dickens ouch a man to dale with as tho sheriff ye never saw. The high Sheriff is a lamb to him, an' wo all know that his temper is rayther powdhery. Ouly wait till he cornea, and maybe he. won't take a grip of apme of y^z.' 'Silence, sir !' said Mr Chouzlor. ' If the law compels us to endure yonr presonce, it cannot force us to listen to such jargon.' 'Oh, that's hapes, as Mr Murnhy observed when he iswallowed the crab,' observed the constable, in an offended tone. 'That's: hapes, Mr Foreman^ and gintlemin -av the jury. I'm damb as a Crown witness. Hapes indeed.' At this; juncture wo heard loud voioes in the lobby, and tke door was assailed with a vigorous application of knuokles. ' Who goes thera?' demanded the constable. ' The sub aheriff ! Sopen in the name of the law,' was the response. . The door was thrown open, and enter the sub-sheriff, followed by the constable and two policemen;. ' The sub-sheriff leaked tho door, putting the key in his pooket, took a- piece of paper there from, and said — ' Gentlemen, please answer to your names,' calling us after the manner of a serereant-at arms. . Wa ans wered with remarkable promptnesn, till the unlucky S'opmiss was called. 'Mr SlopmiBS is tbo missing man,' said the sub sheriff, i' Now, gentlemen,' he added, '! this is a serious business, a very serious buaineas, perhaps more so than any of you imagine. It involves consequences of the gravest character. How these two tried and honest men oould have permitted Mr Slopmisa to pass them remains to be seen, and bow you, as a body of respectable gentlemen, could have connived at it, ia, to say the least of it, most suspicious. Till the High: Sheriff ;arrivefl, for whom I have sent, I will refrain from making further com* mepts.'V;. !'.-.;?.: .? - ,:'. '??? ' ' '???? ' ??? ?'??'??:: The timid jarow here chiined in, that they were innooent, in thought, word, &nd; deed, of ,'auy, participation jh tho absconding of their .brother; while ;the:remaining few began to .consider . it capital fun, and 'thirsted for a denouement. . ?... .-'? . ?? ? -?? ?; Toe sub-sheriff, police oonstabloBi and : specials consulted together in mysterious . whispers, i :.;i -.,??? ?'-???' ] -???. . \ , ? . ? ; I began 'to wish Slopmtss safely deposited in an adjacent parish, for were he to put in an appearance now (md I momentarily espooted him), he would in all innocence criminate 'me, and thereby bring tbe wrath of tho posse eomi~ .tattts on my devoted head. ?-' Tbat'o the High Sheriff, airi' said ono of the policemen, rb a' hasty knocking was heard at tho door. AH eyes naturally turned in thiB direction. The High Sheriff, , who had been dining out, ap peared in full- blown evening costume, and betrayed at'least ono bottle of Chateau Lafitte. ' What tbe deuce ia all this row about ?' said a voice bonide me.. . I turned', and beheld .Siopmiss, who had glided to hie seat like a phantom, or liko Mr Payne when- performing the part of Philip Vai?.derdeoken. ?? ' HuBh,?' aaid I, in a hurried whisper ; 'don't for your life pretend I knew of your being out of the room.' , The sub-sheriff, in order to impart solemnity to the proceedings, deliberately looked. the door, banded the key to the High Sheriff, and began as follows : — ' Sir, I will feel obliged, as a preliminary step in these painfulproceed ings, by your counting tho number of gentle men seated at that table.' The High Sheriff acted in accordance with tbe wishes of his enb. ? ' Well, sir?' : asked the sub. ' Twelve,' replied the ehief. ' Sir ?' ' Twelve.' ' Will you please to count again?' 'I'll do it to satisfy you, sir, but I'm positive na to the number,' replied the High Sheriff, rather crustily. -,- |- . Again he counted, and again the sub-sheriff triumphantly asked him the result. ?? Twelve,' replied the High Sheriff. 'No, sir,' said the pub; 'only eleven.' 'Dammit, eirl' re sponded the chief ; ' I've counted 'em twice, and I tell you thare are twelvn.' 'I have' counted them six times,' said the Bab, ' and I maintain there are but eleven!' 'Do you mean to tell me I cannot reckon, sir?' asked the chief. . VI mean to say we are all liable to mistakes,' replied.the sub. ' Then yon are mis taken, sir — not I,',' Baid the ehief, haughtily. ' I am not miDtaken, sir ,r and ; to prove it I'll call the roll,*' oaidtheeub. 'Mr Chonzler: Here. Me Browne : Here. Mr Jones : Here. Mr BobinBon: Here. , Mr Tompkins : Here. Mr Frizzle: Here. Mr Gingtrlick: Hero. Mr Bollowluags: Here. Mr Bbbley: Here, Mr Lampwhistlo : Here. Mr Laosley : Here. He paused, in order that his triumph might b© substantial. ' Mr Slopmisu' : ' Here 1' . ?? Where ?' cried the snb. ' Here,' responded SlopmiBS. ?? Graoious providenoe I thiB is ex traordinary,' cried the sub. 'Not more '. extraordinary than taxing me ?witk incompetenoy,' eaid tho High Sheriff, warming himself into a flush of anger. ' And now, sir, to business, if yon pleose.' The 8ub was dumb. He kept his eyes fixed on SlapmisB. Be turned to the door, tried it, remembered the High Sheriff had the key, and literally gasped. ' W — wh— where heve you been? ' asked the sub of SlopmiBS. *| On the balcony, smoking a cigar,' replied the innooent author of this nories of contretemps. He turned furiously on the unJaoky con stables. 'Did you search the balcony?' ' We did not, sir, as the windy waa shut and the night could.' . ' Thera haa been some vile complicity . here,'.1 said the sub. sheriff. ' Sir,' said Slopmisa, ' allow me to any I went to have my smoke without consulting any one.' (Here bo porjured himself.) The. oartaia Ma hero. Tbo Bub-shenf ia standing near the door, gazing, vacantly at Slopmisa. The High Sheriff ia engaged in mixing a tumbler of punch with Gncup.ler, who seems in excellent spirits. The con etables are grouped in pioturesquo attiludea. Siopmiss is on his second tumbler, et sic. ? NCQENT ROBIKSON. 