f&lut; listorLn of tty pontificate of PIUS THE NINTH. conclusion. If that portion of the history of Piiis the Ninth -which difforsfrom thatof all tlieother Popes has lieen short, its consequences and effects will : nevertheless he durable and momentnous. iNot only Italy, but a great part of Catholic isnropo lYlllUIl UlC 1UIM1J HU9U1UU10D auu Dupui- stitious practices of the Roman -Church had rendered sceptical, was, when Pius ascended the throne, in a state of incertitude, hesitating between atheism and pantheism. Neverthe less there were many who fondly adhered to tho faith of their forefathers, — who, although disheartened by the abyss of corruption into which the priests had dragged the church, fltil looked forward to the appearance of some holy reformer who- should restore to .the religion of Christ its divine essence, its primi tive purity. When Pius the Ninth appeared, these expectations seemed to bo realized ; and had it been possible for man to work such a miracle, surely that man was the kind-hearted and pious Giovanni Mastai, who with many other virtues appeared to possess that promi nent one which forms the basis of the Christian religion — charity and love for his fellow-men- — Whon they observed the spirit in which he began his Pontificate, they rejoiced, imagin ing that a new triumph for the Catholic Church was at hand. Had pius persevered in his mild and conciliatory conduct, Popery would have revived and would have retained, for a time at least, some portion of Europe in the thrall of its blinding and mischievous superstitions. But tho ways of Providence are inscrutable. It had perhaps been decreed that the Popedom should cease to mislead mankind, and should perish, not in the person of a John the XXII , of an Alexander the VI., or even of a Gregory XVI., hut in the person of one of the best and paost virtuous of men, — in order that it should be judged without appeal, and to prove that those who are elected Popes are not by nature worse than other men, but that they become \- changed, corrupted, and perverted by the sys tem which they represent. And hero, without any profound philosophical or theological . investigation, hut merely by a superficial ex amination of human nature, it may be seen that it can never by any possibility be other wise. The man who regards himself as the Vicegerent of Christ — who believes, or at least . desires others to believe, that having been vhuseuby tho inspiration of tho Holy Ghost, he is |infallible and infinitely superior to every earthly power; — the man who sets himself up as ah Idol which must lie addressed only on the bended knees— who considers that the highest favour he can possibly bestow is the permission to kiss liis slipper ; — such a man cannot long continue other than a tyrant and a despot. And now that no doubt remains as to tho true spirit of Popery now that no one can reasonably entertain the slightest hope that it will ever change from what it has always been —an institution founded on superstition, nourished with blood, and maintained only by the axe of the executioner ;-wiow that the lost testing experiment lias shown to all tho vvoi 11 its utter helplessness apart from physical force, it may truly bo said that Popery is irrevocably doomed. It may linger , yet a while by the aid of despotic bayonets, . But never again can it be a living and effective agent in the history of the world. The strength of Popery lay in Italy ; it drew its life, its power, its prestige, from the throne of the Roman Prince. But we Italians have, to a man, sworn that no Pope shall ever again, . with our consent, reign in oiir country. This Being the case, it is singular that the Protes tants, 'with all their abhorrence of the Catho lic faith, all their longings for the downfall of -the i" Man of Sin," the abominated " Anti christ," have hover turned their attention to ' the fact that his temporal dominion, his throne In Rome, has always been the source, of his authority and influence, and alone preserves to . him the remnant of power which lie yet possesses. Had Protestants well considered this fact, and regulated their conduct thereby, the Papacy might long ere now liavo been at an end. Rome has made the Popedom. In Rome it originated, in 'Rome it flourished; in Rome it -climbed to that height of -power from which for a-timc.it domineered over Europe. The Popes applied to their own purposes tho great: . Came of Rome— her glcry, her monuments, and the prestige attaching to her inagriani- CQOUSand heroic deeds. When Italy was in- wadedjtiy the Harborians, Rome was yet the Metropolis-' of the Western Empire, and the Q'enaW, although fallen from its former great- r »oss, still issued its decrees, headed with those famous and magic letters—" 3. P. Q. R." — " (Senatus Populusque Jtomanut.") Tho Barbarians regarded tho conquest of the Im. penal pityas; the groat aim of their ambition, and thither they fought their way. As neither the Emperor lior the Senate had the power to bheck them, the Pope, venerable in years and piety, airmcd only with the white stole of tho higli-priest, was often the only one who could stay the fury of the ferocious invaders. Hence tho Romans, who- had no other protec tor, began to acknowledge him as their truo Prince. The virtue of those first Bishops of Rome contributed to increase the devotion of tho people, and gave them still greater authority. Europe, as yet groping amid tho darkness of Ignorance, and distracted by the continual waring of races, possessed no principle of unity hut the great name of Rome, which still remained the symbol of power and su premacy. Charlemagne went thither to re ceive from the hands of a Pope the Imperial diadem ; and the German Princes could not and did not assume the title of Emperor with out being first consecrated at Rome ; — not be cause tho Pope was there, but because it was tacitly admitted that to Pome alone belonged the right of bestowing the sceptre of the Crcsars. Had the Pope happened to reside elsewhere than in Rome, he never could have acquired liis amazing authority. The Vati can could never have been reared except on the hill opposite to that on which stands the Capitol ! I Even at this day, among the half-savage tribes of Brazil and Mexico, and among tho ignorant Croats and peasants of Bavaria and Biscay, there are no words which have greater influence than those—" The Pope of Rome." Let the Pope become a wandering Bishop — let him seek an asylum at Gaeta in the ensanguined arms of his beloved Ferdi nand, or again take up his residence among his French friends at Avignon — (would to God that he would !) — and England would find that he would give up all idea of sending her any more Wisemans, or of again dividing her ter ritory into new Roman Bishoprics. And here I repeat what I said before, that we Italians wish to fight our battles alone ; tbat we dosirc no foreign armies to assist us against our natural enemies. We require no help to put down the Pope and Popedom, and we long once more to measure our own strength with that tyrant of Italy — Austria. But, Protestants of England I if a conspiracy of all the Catholic powers of Europe should take up arms again to crush us in our next attempt to dethrone the Pope — your mortal enemy as well as ours — you surely will not again stand by with folilod arms, tho passive spectators of the downfall of your friends 1 We never did, and never will, desiro. that you should go to war on our account : there never was, nor is there now, the slightest necessity for having recourse to that extremity. Is England so fallen from that liigli rank which it was her boast to occupy among the Euro" psan Powers, that her oncc-powerful voice is no longer listened to ? Shall she make a dis play of her might only in tho Pirams, or against the half-naked savages of South Africa? Does she shrink from looking in the face any stronger adversaries than these? Surely no! — Englishmen, do yon imagine that, had your Government firmly and resolutely pronounced such words as these— " England forbids all foreign intervention in the affairs of Rome!" — do you imagine, I say, that Louis Napoleon would, after that, have dared to persist in his armed support of the Pope, or even in putting down the Italian Republicans, at the risk of a war with you ? And if you did not then raise your voice in our behalf, what is there now to hinder you from putting an end, by every means in your power short of actual warfare, to these armed interferences, and thus securing to us a chance, at least, of fair play ? Your interests— your material interests as well as the sacred inlerests.of your religion — call upon you to do so. But if the holy voice of -religion is insufficient surely that of humanity will touch every English heart with a feeling of the duty of interposing between the executioner and the victim — between the oppressor and the oppressed. O Christian Englishmen, listen ! Hear you not those groans of despair borne sadly on the breezo' from yonder Ischiu ? Hear you not the blas phemies wrung from your tortured fellow- creatures by the thought that God as well as man has abandoned them to the tender mercies of their, cruel tyrants ? But no ,! God never abandons'.- the oppressed. In this case he has raisod up for tliem A powerful voice which must 'awakenin all humane hearts a' feeling of pity (we hope not fruitless), and which has held up the. Neapolitan tyrant to tho maledictions and abhorrence of all mankind; - Hear this voice, which thus eloquently describes the miserable .condition of these captives . ' I.have spoken of Setteinbrini andhis reputed and too creditable torture j I come now to what I have cither seen, or heard on the most -direct and unquestionable authority. « In Febriiarf last, 'Poerio and sixteen of the co-accused (with few of whom, however, he had had any previous acquaintance) were confined in the Bagna of Nisida near . the Lazaretto. For one half-hour in the weok, a little prolonged h7 the leniency of the superintendent, they were allowed to see their friends outside the prison. This was their sole view of the natural beauties with which they were surrounded. At: other times they were exclusively within the wnlls. The whole number of them, except I think one, then in tho infirmary, were confined, night and day, in a single room of about sixteen palms in length by ten or twelve in breadth, and about ten in height ; I think with ' some small yard for exercise. Something like a fifth must be taken off these numbers to convert palms into feet. When the beds were let down at night, there was no space whatever between them ; they could only get out at tho loot, and, being chained two and two, only in pairs. In thisroom they had to cook or prepare what was sent them by tho kindness of their friends. On one side, tho level of the ground is over the top of the room ; it therefore recked with damp, and from this, tried with long confinement, they declared thoy suffered greatly. There was one window — of courso unglnzed — and let not on Englishman suppose that this constant access of the air in the Neapolitan climate is agreeable or innocuous ; on the contrary, it is even more im portant to health there than here to have tho means of excluding the open air, for example, before and at sunset. Vicissitudo of climate, again, is quite ns much felt there as here, and tho early morning is sometimes bitterly cold. ' Their chain's were as follows. Each man wears a strong leather girth round liim abovo the liips. To tliis arc secured the upper ends of two chains. Ono chain of four long and heavy links descends to a kind of double ring fixed round the ankle. Tho second chain con sists of eight links, each of the same weight and length with tho four, and this unites the two prisoners together, so that they con stand about six feet apart. Neither of these chains is ever undone dny or night. The dress of common felons, which, as well as tho felon's cap, was there worn by tlio late Cabinet-Minister of King Ferdinand of Naples, is composed of a rough and coarse red jacket, with trowsors of the same material very liko the cloth made in this country from what is called devil's dust ; tlic trowsers hro nearly black in colour, on his head he had a small cap, which makes up one suit ; it. is of the same material. The trowsers button all tlio way up, that tbey may be removed at night without disturbing the chains, ' The weight of these chains, I understand, is about eight rotoli, or between sixteen or seven teen English pounds for the shorter one, which must bo doubled when wc give each prisoner his half of tlio longer ono. The prisoners had a heavy limping movement, much as if ono leg lind been shorter than the other. But tlic re finement of suffering in this case arises from the circumstances that here we have men of education and high feoling chained incessantly together. For no purpose are these chains undone ; and the meaning of tlic.se last words must ho well considered ; they are to bo. taken strictly.' After reading this, can it be possible tbat because you are liappy in your own security you feel no pity for sucli miseries ? You could not endure to sec even a wild beast treated as are those poor prisoners, who, as Mr. Gladstone tolls you, pine away their wretched lives in the dungeons of Naples. Naples ! Let it not bo imagined that its dungeons arc the worst, or its tribunals tlio most corrupted and iniquitous in Italy. Had your noble-minded countryman entered tlic Carceri Nttova at Rome, the Eryastolo of Cornoto, or tlic State Prison of San Leo, lie would have called the prisoners of Ferdinand happy and fortunate captives !— — But let men ow finish my imperfect work with a short sketch of the present condition of my most noble and unfortunato country. (To le continued.) 