THE WONDERS OF SPIRITUALISM AND PHOTOGRAPHY-TAKING THE LIKE- NESSES OF GHOSTS. The latest wonder of science and art and the I incredulous will doubtless say of humbug and imposture is the alleged ability of a well-known photographic artist in New York to take the likenesses of the spirits of one's departed friends at the same time and by the same operation as the likeness of the living subject. Mr. William H. Munden of No. 630, Broadway, having asserted that he can produce and has produced numerous photographic pictures containing the likenesses of deceased persons, simultaneously and accompanying the pictures of living sitters, very naturally created a great sensation, especially among his rivals in business. The result is that he has been arrested for fraud in selling these so-called spiritualist photographs, and the charge was under investigation before the police authorities of New York on 10th April and subsequent days. The proceedings are very lengthy, and were not concluded at date of latest advices ; but we give an abridgement of the case as reported in the New York papers. It will be seen that many of the facts deposed to were of a most startling character. SriRiTUALisji IN COURT. Friday, April 16th, was the day set down by Justice Dowling for the examination in the case of William H. Mumlor, the photographer, of No. 50, Broadway, an account of whose arrest on; a charge of fraud in producing and selling so called spiritualist photographs has been given. The arrest has created a great deal, of excitement in spiritualistic circles, and the examination room a IIB crowded with spectators, among whom were witnesses for the defence from the cities of Albany, Boston, Buffalo, Poughkeepsie, and Watorvillo. Alfred E. Baker and Albert Day appeared as counsel for the defence. Justice Dowling announced that the case was one of considerable importance, and the complaint had come from the Mayor's Office. Ex Judge Edmonds, a well-known spiritualist, stated that he appeared as a witness. He would say, however, that this arrest was a great hard- ship for his friend the prisoner. The counsel for the defence being prepared an argument, and would endeavour to show that great injustice had been done Mr. Murder by the press of the city, in their accounts of his arrest. The magistrate finally determined to proceed with the examination. Counsel for the defence said that they proposed to show that no trick or fraud had been practiced in these Spiritualist photographs that in fact they were produced by the ordinary method, and the appearance of the Spirit was not subject to the control of the operator. The process had been carefully scrutinised by experts and scientific men on many occasions, and no fraud had been detected. By fair, open means, the likeness of a spirit had been produced on a glass or plate, beside the image of the sitter, and some of those spiritual likenesses had been identified by persons as those of relatives who had passed from this life. This has been the case oftentimes when no picture of the deceased person was in existence. These spirit pictures were first commenced in Boston, and the matter has been investigated there, and in Buffalo, Waterville, Poughkeepsie and elsewhere, but no one had yet been able to prove the process was a fraud. Various attempts had been made to imitate these pictures, and some photographers claim that they have produced facsimiles but, on comparing these with the spirit pictures, there was a marked difference plainly visible to the eye of an expert. The accused does not know, nor does he pretend to know, by what power or process these spirit pictures are produced. He has on many occasions solicited and obtained the closest scrutiny of men more capable than he of understanding the process, and he is now, and at all times ready and willing to have bin work watched in the most critical manner', and to that end . he invites an investigation by a delegation of the most export and experienced photographers in the city, and pledges himself to afford the fullest opportunity for such investigation. There are many intelligent men and women who, after a careful investigation, are firm believers that the pictures are really likenesses of the spirits of the departed, and that the taking of such pictures is a new era in photography, await still in its infancy. When the counsel of the defence closed, the magistrate adjourned the investigation until Wednesday next. Wednesday, April 21st. REMARKABLE TESTIMONY OF JUDGE MONDS. In all the annals of criminal jurisprudence - and they comprise an array of crimes of almost every description there has seldom, if ever, been recorded a case analagous to that now pending before Justice Dowling, in the Tombs Police Court, in which Win. H. Mumlor, of No. 030, Broadway, is the defendant. The specific charge brought against Murder is that by means of what he termed spiritual photographs, he has swindled many credulous persons, his representations leading the victims to believe that by means of communication with the spirit land, it was possible not only to bring back departed spirits, but to photograph their immaterial forms, thus forever perpetuating the memory of their spiritual presence. How many have been induced to speculate on the features of departed relatives and friends it is hard to say, but that the number was large the prosperity, of Mr. Mumlor's establishment seems to have proven beyond controversy. And, at the same time many believed that they were duped, and seemed to appreciate the fact, a few, predisposed to seize with not had avidity anything savoring of the supernatural, gave implicit credence to the spiritual photographer, and refused to be convinced of what the majority of the world fully believed. On those parties Mr. Mumlor relied for evidence in his defence. The announcement that the elimination of the case would be continued on Wednesday, drew together a large audience, including a number of the most distinguished of the believers in, and propagators of the doctrines of Spiritualism, many legal gentlemen, curious to note the points of law which might arise during the trial, and a sprinkling of ladies, believers evidently, who watched the proceedings with an interest scarcely exceeded by that of the party principally concerned. The examination was held in the Special Session court-room, members of the bar, distinguished spiritualists (among them Judge Edmonds and Sir. M'Donald), and the ladies?, being accommodated with seats inside the railing. The defendant, Mr. Mander, a man of about forty years of ago, with dark hair, beard, and eyes, and olive complexion, was seated next to his counsel,' Messrs. J. T. Townsend, Day, and ox-Fire-Marshal Baker, and appeared perfectly calm and self-possessed, ready at a moment's notice to whisper to his counsel a question touching some, important point which he desired to elicit from the witness. Mumlor'sfaco is one of the few from which one fails to gather any trace of character. It is calm and fathom - IOBS, and although it would be harsh to say that it is unprepossessing, it is yet a fact which one would scarcely be able to believe in at first sight The prosecution was conducted by Mr. Eldridge Geary, and the first witness called was Marshal Joseph H. Tooker, through whose in- strumentality the. spiritual photograph business was brought to the notice of the authorities. He deposed that in consequence of information received from Mr. P. V. Hickey of the World newspaper-, the Mayor had ordered him to " look up" the case, which' he did by assuming a false name, and having his photograph taken by Murder. After the taking of the picture the negative was shown him, with a dim, indistinct outline of a ghostly face, staring out of one corner, and he was told that the picture represented the spirit of his father-in-law. He, however, failed to recognise the worthy gentleman, and emphatically declared that the picture neither resembled his father-in-law, nor any of his relations, nor yet any person whom he had over soon or known. With this testimony the prosecution tested. For the defence the first evidence introduced was that of Wm. P. Stood, a photographer of Poughkeepsie. He had thoroughly investigated Mumlor's process, but could find no devise or trickery in it. Munder had produced spiritual photographs in his presence, and from the camera in use at his. gallery in Poughkeepsie, but with his knowledge of photography a knowledge extending over several years was utterly unable to discover how the thing had been done. He thought the same result could be produced by natural or mechanical means, but could not make a positive assertion to that effect, never having tried it. William W. Guay : I was specially commissioned by Andrew Jackson Davis (better known as " The Poughkeepsie Seer") to go to Boston, where Mmnlor was operating, and make a strict investigation into his process. I made the investigation with the consent of Mumlor, and though I tested the process by every means I could devise, I could find no trick or device, and became convinced that the spectral pictures appearing on photographs of living persons were actually and true likenesses of those departed, and were produced by means other than those known to artists. I know two or three methods of producing ghost-like figures similar to these ; one by placing a poison behind the sitter, another by means of a peculiar arrangement of reflection, and the third by chemical means. Judge Edmunds, one of the most distinguished advocates of the doctrines of Spiritualism, testified : I have known Mr. Mumlor some two or three weeks. On the occasion of my becoming acquainted with him I had gone to his gallery with Dr. John F. Geary and a Mr. Hunt, at the invitation of the former to have my photograph taken. I had two pictures taken, assuming a different attitude each time. (Two photographs shown.) These are the photographs. is one I assumed a position which allowed only the taking of my side face in the other I faced the camera, on one of these pictures is a face which I think I recognise. The other is unknown to me. [The photographs were very fair pictures of the Judge, each having near the upper right hand corner, a dim outline of a female face, sufficiently distinct, however, to show that the lady was very beautiful. It would appear that spiritual manifestations abounded' on that occasion, for the faces on these pictures are entirely different, although both are charmingly pretty.] in, a Judge Edmonds here detailed several facts and circumstances relative to spiritual photography which had come to his knowledge many years ago. Returning to Mumlor be said I know a great many persons who have visited Mumlor, some of them have met with astonishing success in procuring spirit pictures of departed friends. Mr. Livermore, of Wall-street, has been peculiarly successful. _ [Another photograph was here shown ; this time a fine looking young man, seated in a pensive attitude, with his eyes cast downward. Behind his chair, and leaning over his head, is the spectral white-clad form of a lady, whose hands rested his shoulder.^ThJB,is the most remarkable of the photographs exhibited in Court, from the fact that the photographers present declared that by no means known to them, other than the bodily presence of some one behind the chair, could the picture of the lady's hand be produced.] Judge Edmonds continued : Spiritualists reason that these photographs are actual pictures of disembodied spirits, but they do not know. I am myself not prepared to express a definite opinion. I believe, however, that in time the truth or falsity of spiritual photography will be demonstrated, as Spiritualism itself has been demonstrated, and I therefore say that it would be best to wait and sec. The art is as yet in its infancy. Cross-examined : They charged me 10 dollars for the first sitting, and 5 dollars for each of the others. At the time my picture was taken there were present Messrs. Gray, Hunt, and Murder. I watched the operator closely while he was taking the picture, but could detect no fraud. Of course, with my limited knowledge of the photographic art, I would not have been able to tell if he had HBcd fraudulent means to effect his end. I have no definite opinion as to these pictures, having many years ago made up my mind never to form an opinion without knowledge. Invariably, when I have done so, I have made an ass of myself. I believe that the camera can take a photograph of a spirit, and I believe also that spirits have materiality not that gross materiality that mortals possess, but still they are material enough to be visible to the human eye, for I have seen them. Only a few days since I was in court in Brooklyn, when a suit against a life assurance company for the amount claimed to be due on a certain policy was being heard. Looking towards that part of the court-room occupied by the jury, I saw the spirit of the man whose death was the basis of the suit. The spirit told me the circumstances connected with the death. said that the suit was groundless, that the claimant was not entitled to recover from the company, and said that he (the man whose spirit was speaking) had committed suicide under certain circumstances. I drew a diagram of the place at which his death occurred, and on showing it to the counsel, was told that it was exact in every particular ; I had never seen the place nor the man, nor had I ever heard his name until Iontered that Court-room ; the appearance of the spit it was shadowy and transparent : I could see material objects through it the first spirit I ever saw was that of Judge Talmage, who was leaning against a window casement ; I saw that window casement plainly through his body. Question by counsel : How do spirits dress ; or do they dress ? A. I have seen spirits clothed in their every-day dress and in their grave-clothing, but never saw one without clothing. On being asked whether he could define the meaning of the word hallucination, the Judge replied : It is a word difficult to define except ing by illustration. About as fair a case as I can give is that of Othello, who laboured under an idea that his wife was unfaithful to him. Hallucination is a phase of insanity. It arises from some imaginary or erroneous idea. Mr. Jeremiah Gurney, of No. 707, Broadway, testified : I have been a photographer for twenty eight years. I have witnessed Mumlor's process and although I went prepared to scrutinise everything, I could find nothing which savoured of fraud or trickery. It was the usual process of preparing a place for taking a photograph, the only thing out of the usual routine being the fact that the operator kept his hands i on the camera. I have no belief as to the spiritual emanation of these photographs on the contrary, I believe, although I cannot assert positively, that they are produced by purely natural means. Mr. James Tt. Gilmore, an author, whose name de plume is Edmond Kirk, was next called. He testified : During last mouth I was requested by the publisher of Harper's Weekly to investigate this spiritual photograph affair, and write an article regarding it. I called on Mr. Milliner, stating my business and desire to investigate the ' workings of his process, and had my picture taken: (Photograph shown. This was a fair likeness of Mr. Gilmore, but the spiritual accompaniment was much more dim and indistinct than on most of the others shown, and bore a likeness to Justice Dowling, " being only, as Mr. Gilmore expressed it, "a little better looking I had a second and a third picture taken, but on none of them appeared a spiritual face which I could recognise as that of a departed relatives friend. That on the second photograph, however, greatly resembled a gentleman now in Court. (The witness was about to point out the gentleman alluded to when counsel for the defence. objected.) The witness then described Mumlor's method of taking pictures and con Mr. Fisher Torry testified that he had had a picture taken by Mumlor, on which there appeared a picture of his son, who had been dead twenty years. He continued The resemblance was good. My son never had a photograph or picture taken while he was alive. When the photograph was taken I discovered no imposi- tion or trick: I believe disembodied spirits return to earth to visit their friends. I believed in spiritual photography before I went to Murder. ' Jacob Kingsland testified : I have soon those pictures (two photographs shown him I called on Mr. Terry who showed them to me. I recognised the pictures as of himself, and note-' in the shadow outline of achill! on due of them I said, "that issue of your children." On the other I-saw the Shadowy picture of a female relative of my own, long deceased. My mind was not impressed in any way by the conduction of the child's picture with the father's, but pronounced that a likeness existed between because Huoh likeness did exist, in my opinion. I am not a believer in spiritualism. Paul Bromond testified : I called at Mmnlor's Gallery during January, and had my picture taken (witness here showed a spirit picture). I recognise the spirit here represented. I believed in spiritual photography before I saw Murder. I took Mrs. St.alz, of No. 83, Antill-street, to the place, as she is a good medium. The photograph taken with Mrs. Stutz is that of a Miss 'Ewing, and her sister recognise it as soon as it was shown her. I did not pay anything for those photographs. I have had a photograph of my deceased daughter, who died in August, 1863. She told me when she died that if it were permitted she would return to me from the spirit; land. By this photograph I see that she has returned. The photograph represents her as she appeared just before dentil. My family recognise it. I have never seen a spirit, but heard a voice. Fifteen years ago a spirit told me I had a work to perform. I am not blessed with the gift of seeing I wish I was. It is necessary to have a medium present when I hear spiritual voices. I have heard two distinct spiritual voices speaking simultaneously. The great desideratum to induce the presence of spirits is harmony. On one occasion when five or six persons were present, a lady sang a song, when four spirit voices joined in singing a beautiful second. I invested 250,000 dollars in a railroad in Texas. I am a director on that mad. After the examination of this witness, Mr. John T. Townsend, of counsel for the defence, asked that the case be adjourned. After some discussion among counsel, Judge Dowling decided to postpone the further hearing until Friday. Friday, April 23rd. EXAMINATION OF P. T. BARNUM. The examination of Mumlor, to-day, again caused the Special Sessions, Court- room in the Tombs building to be crowded. P. T. Barnum, was called and testified : I reside at No. 438, Fifth ave., corner of Thirty ninth-street. I have devoted a portion of my j life to the detection of humbugs. I have not personally had any interview with Mr.- Mumlor. . Mr. Geary : Did you ever have any correspondence with Mr. Mumlor on the subject of spirit photographs ? There was correspondence between us, but I think the letters were burnt in the museum. After some discussion on forensic points, witness said The correspondence was dated in Boston during the time Mr. Murder was in the employ of the large jewellery firm of Biglowo Brothers and Kennard. He was engaged there is engraver. I do not remember the first name of Murder, and have never seen him until to-day to my knowledge. The letters I received from Mr. Mumler were all dated from Boston. The substance of the correspondence was this. I was about to write a book representing the humbugs of the world, and I wrote Mr. Mumler that I was going to expose the humbug of spirit photographs, and that I wished to purchase specimens of his so-called spirit photographs for the Museum ; I believe Munder had no studio at this time. I bought a number, giving 2 dollars a piece for them, and they were hung on the walls of the Museum for three or four years. Among them were the so called spiritual appearance of Napoleon Bonaparte and Henry Clay, and the positions of the figures were exactly like the well-known engravings of these personages. The title of my book was the " Humbugs of the World." All the chapter relating to spirit photographs referred to this Mumler. I went yesterday to Mr. Bogardns's gallery, and asked him if he could take a spirit photograph, telling him that I did not want any humbug - about it. He said he could do it. I examined the glass, and discovered nothing in it. I saw the process of pouring over the first liquid, and afterwards the pouring over of nitrate of silver, and then saw it placed in the camera. When done it had my likeness and the shadow of Abraham Lincoln. I saw the ghost of Lincoln as soon as it was developed in the dark room. I was unconscious of any spiritual presence. Cross-examined : I have never been in any humbug business, where I did not give value for the money. These spirit photographs were labelled "humbug" on the walls of my museum. The woolly horse was a remarkable reality and curiosity. It was exactly what I represented it to be, having a peculiar form and curled hair. It was exactly a woolly horse. It was not a horse woolled over." The horse was "born" exactly as he was exhibited in my Museum, and there was nothing artificial about him Q. Were the representations of that horse, through your paper or through any of your printed matter or representations otherwise issued for deceiving the people ? A. No ; as far as! the horse was concerned, it was naturally a " woolly horse." The mermaid, at the time 1 exhibited it, was represented to the public to be exactly as it was represented to me. I never had reason, to doubt that it was what I represented it. Q. Have you never presented to the public matters yon knew to be untrue, and taken money for the exhibition of spurious curiosities ? A. I think I may have given a little drapery with it sometimes. (Laughter.) Q. How about the nurse of George Washington. Did you believe she was the person you represent her to be 1 A. I have no belief about it, I bought her as such, and the bill of sale has never been disproved. I bought and paid 1000 dollars for her, but before she got through I might have had some little doubt upon the subject. (Laughter.) Was this doubt over suggested to the public ? A. I never put myself out of the way about it. (Laughter.) Q. Did you ever know, except from hearsay, that Mumler was ever in the employ of Biglow, Kennard, and Co. ? A. I only know from bear say. I wrote to Mumler and got a letter back signed Mumlor, and if I saw his handwriting I think I should know it. Mr. Kennard told me that Mueller was a smart fellow that he deceived the public with his spirit photographs, and charged 10 dollars apiece for them. Mander That's false. Q. You never saw Mr. Mander A. I think I have told you SO forty times. (Laughter.) Q. And yet you say that this is the Mumbler who wrote the letters. How many letters did you have from him A. Perhaps two or three. Q. Would it satisfy you if an assertion was made by Mr. Mueller that he had never written to you in his life ? A. I wrote to him, and had letters back. To Mr. Gorry: I went to Mr. Bogardus's gallery, and asked if he could produce the like- ness of the nurse of George Washington. He said he had not enough of vitality left, but he could do it at some other time. I have no doubt he could. (Laughter.) The humourous manner in which this witness gave his testimony elicited considerable laughter from the audience. The case was again adjourned. 