^FROM THE HUNTER. • [Condensed 'from, the Local Papers.) JMOJITHLV penny-readings are still keptup at the 'Odd Fellows' Hall, Paterson. The last meeting <was. attended by upwards of two tjundred per- :sons. Dr. TJowker has: again been elected an Alderijnan of Newcastle, but his majority was very small. •A wife-beater at Singleton^was sent to gaol runtil he-could find sureties to behave himself in .future. : Served him right. Tlie Amateur Minstrels at Scone have just ;given an entertainment which is pronounced a •decided success, The Scone'committee, who became rcsponsi-' ble for the public dinner-recently given to a retiring Police Magistrate, 'have; had the pleasure •of making .up a deficiency.of ten pounds from itlieir-own :pockets. 1 A remarkably fat sheep "was killed upon the ^Uppcr Hunter last >week. When dressed it •weighed -165 pounds. The carcase was boiled •down^and yielded 80lbs. of fat. Two head of <cattle ftomthc same farm—one a cow and the other a bullock—weighed respectively eleven hundredand thirteen-hundred pounds. All these .-animals -wore ^grass fed. The grass on the IJpiper Hunter must indeed'be luxuriant. 'Spccks'-of-gold have been found within a mile •of ocone, but -nothing payable has been disicovered. -Copper ore is . also said to have been found on Page's Creek. 'The premises of.a storekeeperat Moonan have Tbeen .broken into and robbed .to the extent of •about two .hundred pounds. No clue has yet •been obtained -to the thieves. A.,party has been arrcsted-cliarged with stealing a purse which a lady -had lost between Scone •and Wingen. _ There is some probability of his guilt as the missing articles were found upon his fersen. Tlieare "were boat-races and other amusements at Newcastle last Saturday. The Wieland troupe •of acrobats are also -about-to visit Newcastle and Maitland. A .number of two-legged puppies are in the ihabit of annoying ladies who bathe under tlie •cliffs at Newcastle. They deserve horse-whipfing. The Governor's embarkation at Newcastle on nis return .to Sydney was followed by a salute fired by the Artillery. A model iias been prepared for the proposed Cavrarra wreck monument. Its erection would cost about £300. The people of Singleton object to the amalgamation of the offices of Postmaster and Telegraph operator in that town. A public meeting has been held, and very strong resolutions adopted. - The Mayor of Singleton lias given a silver cup of the value of £10 10s. to be shot for by the volunteers. It must be won by the same person three times in succession before he will be entitled to retain it. A man?named.Clark, who.lived at Jerry's Plains,lias lost his lifeln rather a singular manner. He was cutting down Scotch thistles when he scratched his arm. whicli soon'began te Bwell and become hrisry painful." 'In a few dayslie died under 8ympt6in8 : * resembluig • those of "animal poisoning,! anditisiiowthought tliat'the thistle wasimpregnated with poisonous matter borne by flies from .the carrion of.a deceased animaL. •A .complimentary concert lias been given to Mr. .William Grackaell "in recognition of that gentleman's . services in connection with the School of Arls.r r. Bev-; J. Nolan lias been 1 ,lecturing"on Ghosts in the existence and-occasional appearance of which'he believes, although he discredits or explains away many apparently supernatural appearances. The Paterson District Court has been held before Judge Bowling. There wpre 12 cases on the list, but five of these were settled out of court,'and another was -continued until the next sittings. In Corner v. Lyle. who was sued as administrator, de -son tor.t of the estate of one Samuel Nell, the plaintiff was nonsuited. In the nest two pases, inere matters of account, judgment was given, for the plaintiff. In Arthur v. Xjindemaa, an action for "damages on account of frequent trespasses of defendant's sheep upon the plain tiff's land, a verdictwas given for ten pounds only, although a thousand pounds-damages were .distinctly sworn to. ! Tlie judge said tlie long •delay in bringing the (action, with-other eonsiiderations, influenced the amountof his judgment. In another action ©f trespass upon lands divided by the river only, and without fences on tho •boundary, (Brown v. M'Coloy),-the plaintiff recovered Is., without costs. A public meeting lias been held at Maitland, •to make arrangements for the erection of a residence for the lioman Catholic Bishop. Another meeting has been held to protest against the removal of the Maitland postmis-; tress from office. ^ The "West Maitland bridge has now been opened with a good deal of ceremony. Two of ithe Ministers were present. A lunch followed. An entertainment, ef« dramatic character has been givon by ihe young ladies -attending the school-of the ^Dominican Convent, West ilaitland. About 160 -visitors were present, among .whom were Dr. Murray and Bishop Qiiinn of Queensland. A human skeleton has "been found in the'bush •near Lochiiivar. It is supposed to be that of an old man named Freeman, who formerly lived in that locality. "There are still complaints of drought from the Paterson. A correspondent of the Mercury complains that the Government have refused to do anything for the Myall river. A foolish story has been in circulation for some days that the wife of a shepherd in the employ of Dr. Dowe of Tamworth, had been murdered. The fact is that .the-woman was out ' at night—wallaby-hunting she said—and foil - over a precipice and injured herself. •It is stated.tliat the old Maitland. Emignis to be.resuscitated at Tamworth. A hawker named -Gordon has reported totthe police that he was robbed by two armed bushrangers on the Mehi, of £10 in casli. The robbers then burned the dray aud property, altogether-valued at £500. 