n THE FAITHFUIJ CLERGY A^JD-LAITY UNDER ODE JUBISDICTION: mvt BELOVBD l« JEBUS,Cnai3T, The Second Provincial Council' of Australia a iuBt closed- its sessions, held,. as we trust, , 1 the guidance and blessing of God s Holy !irit • and now we, the Fathers of the Council, Sea's to the whole of the Church here to |erev and laity at once; this customary Synodi- S Utter, calling upon all to share in our hopes, nd fears, and 'thanksgivings; to »id and con- Jew by prayer and eanotity of life, to accept lith responsive affection the admonitions and Lrtations, which our love and duty charge , to net before you. For; dearly beloved, we re to you the messengers and ministers of ;bli6t we speak not as of ourselves, but .as those rbo are sent by Him to convey His message, to „le His flock as His representatives^ those rbo sre sent by Him even as He was sent, for o He allows us to speak, by the Father. " Sicut mt me Pater, et ego mitto vos" (S. Ivan : Ev' 20 v. 21). " As the' Father hath sent me,, 1m send you." In this character; then, dearly dovcd, we speak; .in .this character we call pon you to iiBten. .We do not set .he.fqre you be discussions of a popular assembly, we. bring message;'find onWortbyias wie are. of our- «Wes, we yet speak after the fashion of Hita rbo taught as one. having authority, because with hat authority He has commissioned us.. Fascite in viibis eit yrcgem Dei" (1-Ep. Petri c. 6, v. "Feed the flock of God which is among Dearly beloved of the clergy and laity: oui: Sret care is to call upon you all to join in thanksgiving to Almighty God, who has so blessed and extendedlthp part of'His,.. vineyard In which you aie plarited.. & tnijk IJ.is Gocf s (rork, and marvellous in our eyes. It is said that the first Provincial Council of Australia wag also the first Council held in British lomtniona since the great calamity called the Reformation; however this may be. it is ccrtain that in that first Council the Archbishop had wjth him only-two Bishops, and now, after the lapee of sofe* years, nine Bees, besides the Metropolitan, are represented'here in Council. And think what these ten Sees signify; what multiplication of churches, and schools, and convents, and hospitals; what increase in the number of priests, of the labourerd-whom our God has sent into His field. Men regard with boast and wonder the material progress of these colonies, and often we_mayv have iiejsn. tempte^ to think sorrowfully him trae -pioferesa eeemed to lag behind the false. But we may indeed take heart if we are not unfaithful to the call and mercies of God. Our true progress is not one that can be altogether scanned by line and number, but still in this Provincial Council it is seen and felt that God has extended His own domain,"th^t" Ho Aqs provided] more abundant means of grace, vchore Abe need fbr.that grace lias so mightily itfcrfea66d> It iuStnflia "haifad* vanced, bo has the Church in Australia advanced Let us thank God for it. He bids us enlarge the place of our.tent, jto lengthen our cords^and strengthen our i sfakes, as His: Evangelist-Prophet spake of old time in view of the coming Salvation of the Lord. There is a time for speech as well as a time for silence, and now, dearly beloved, let us speak God's praise, in mutual congratulation certainly, but not in boastfulness, rather in wonder and humility, that such as we are " the Lord God of Israel bath so visited and wrought the redemption of 1iy>eqple."_ O " 1 ' * " - r r ~ iWat,%KOhallijQ re&eOto-tf;&Doiit; Saviour for afl that He has done, and is doing in us and for us? What can we do but give Him our hearts? This is what He asks, and all He «kB. "My sou/glvq" rt e f thv Mart;" We to meet HiB great Tjlesfeifigs ^iWttTtl wfirffier fervour, with a purer and more vigilant zeal in Bis service. And these are times of trial and danger, such as there have not beencertainly iflour day. Infidelity, and indifferentism—almost the deadlier mischief of the two- are spreading »ith disastrous cupidity irwtfce old, world^ -ifhey fillfind'a vffy lMbetramont'st'ttshere prepared for their poisonous growth. So much disruption °f old ties that checked self-will and aided con science; such a commingling of classes in inverted —.-EK;* ^f,A>unh • «uch watchinglo? great"gains; to littld . "tdustry, and-conteut—ah 1 what advantages the AntichristiaA spirit has amongst us in all this added to the common xorruption of our nature 1 "hat wonder if infidelity,, which is the rejection o f God's trothjl^WSat^'^nder if :injMetenUsm, *hich is tlw uprising of the spirit of Antichrist, lording rt over God's truth by human opinion and choice;—what wonder if they spread their blight more rapidly and widely here than elsewhere ? May God; in His great mercy, avert it; but there is too sad reason to fear snch a result. Our young people are too frequently withdrawn before the time from instruction, and what is of' still greater value, holy training; our wealthy people are too often pnaccuBtomed tc the responsibility of'wealth, and have • neither the knowledge nor the'self-restraint requisite "tw use it with dignity arid safety. It-would be-folly to ignore stjch facilities for the progress of evil. Helplessness nnd recklessness are listening with Complacency to the- utterances of Antichrist 1 in the form of Indifferentism. Whereas our blessed Lord says of Himself, " I am the way, and the truth, and the life;" the 6pirit of deceit Says there are many ways to life, and in no-one of them exclusively are men bound to embrace and obey the truth. Whereas the Church and Gospel of Chriss speak of truth and faith as the gift of God, the spirit of indifference teaches men to regard, them as gained by the- mere activity of human intellect exercised oh the letter of the Holy Scriptures. Whereas the Chufeh, which ib " the pillar and ground of the truth," declares that 6chisms and heresies are mortal sins, destroying the grace of God in a -soul- that is formally involved in them, the apoetlesof indifferenjiem assure their dupes that divisions, and 6ects are neither to be avoided nor deplored. It is well, they say, that every man Bhould worship God after his own fashion, that he should search out the truth by using the beBt powtrrs of his individual reason, and make the result of his pursuit his only guide. What matters it, say they, hpw.God is worshipped provided the .worshipper be sincere ? You know, dearly beloved, how baseless such teaching is; in what falsehood it-begins and ends; and yet you see how flattering and acceptable it is to human pride, and to tbe perversity of'human corruption,. .Truth in religion is a revelation, deposited in a body that is to last to the end of time as its guardian and dispenser, and men are to receiye .it by discipleship and obedience. This is- not agreeable to pride, which would rather discover than receive; which doea not love to hear that prayer, and humility, and obedience are necessary dispositions for enabling men to recognise and accept the truth. "If any man will do the will of God, be shall know Of the doctrine." Submission of the will in obedience first, and then the knowledge ot faith. Probably, the necessity for this order lies deep ill the nature itself of divine truth and of man's capacity, and very certainly it is the order that befits the history of our race. Our- will fell under bondage, our understanding as darkened byjSthat original sin which consisted in transgressing a lawof XioS through trust in a false teacher—the Seducer from the beginning— and now our understanding can only perceive he true light when oar will begins to regain its true freedom through obedient faith in the doctrine laid up by;our Eedeemer in His Church. Christian doctrine, or dogma, is man's only guide into ail religious troth. It was proclaimed at he beginning of the new creation, in that^great and significant promise, "When the Spirit of Truth shall come, He will teach you all truth." And Holy Church, the organ of that Holy Spirit for this end, has ever acted in correspondence with her office. She has taught men what she herself has received;—not what she discovered, not what nian could discover, but what she has recei^di Jin .physical' science, men are left to speculate and to discover, if, and as, they can ; it is not so, blessed be God, in religious science, on which the salvation of our soul depends., That is given, given to faith as it was lost by unbelief. And faith is a disposition of the heart as well as an illumination of the intellect. Our very.definition of it-is this—faith, ib ,the free assent of intellect abd willi mfcved by God b grace, to aH-thofte things which God baslreveftled. And mark now, dearly beloved, the conduct of the Church in whom, according to His gracious promise, our Lord dwells all days even to the £nd of the world.' "Whilst' the old Serpent is making, perhaps, his last venture—his last effort —against the "seed of the Woman," by persuading men that there is no such thing as heresy, because there is no such thing as definite religious truth, the Church, at the very juncture, defines the dogma of tbe Immaculate Conception of the ever blessed Mother of God, and so once again the- Woman crushes the head of the Yes dearly beloved, indifferentism is the deadliest of all errors, because it denies the possibility of any certain possession of truth; andj -rttp toesulrtjlijF ojf -tfcrsub^ Beast who knows folW-to l put tin Jt the^r ! b of'an angel of light, it puts forth charity and humility as its foundation. Who knows the truth? What is truth? Who -w-iDfallible ? Why should we contend for what you call " the faith once delivered to the saints? ; Who can be so arrogant as to think that he pos- .sesees jt?, (-Such, ,art$ T tbe deceitful pretences, fflPcoJeftrf -which .tBe-world mates -'its last attacks againBt the city of jGod. JF>™ can be no compromise: t>- «'. an<} deadly/ The ' HENRY PR Aw no certain kncg-ckf Knoe. Air and Wata- B^"* says, thejtc^ in „iik and lows,and Cushions.id has gi^on. Enemas. Respirators. Meters. the' Medicine chests, for family ^r ^timi u^ Magiictico-electric machines, for rheu m i i , Darftiv 31 150URKE STREE noting when and where the Baal of indifference makes his attacks. . We have already said, that the novel conditions of human society in these countries render some of tho-e attacks more , perilouB here than elsewhere; and there are two especially of these dangers to which tbe Fathers of this Provincial Council, with all earnestness and authority, call the anxious attention of .the clergy rand laity—of the clergy, that they may apply-theiiiselves to the needful study, in order to guide, and warn, and exhort their; people; of the laity, that they may manifest their - faithful and cordial adherence to the teaching of the Church, the decision and integrity of their choice between the Church and the world. The two mischiefs are, indifference in respect to the education of the young in mixed schools, and indifference in respect of mixed marriages. HiXED SCHOOLS. The evil of mixed echools, or of what comes early to the same thing, schools in which eligions teaching and discipline are withdrawn rom the guidance of the Church, is so obvious, nd is so gros-s an invasion of common liberty of conscience, that it is difficult to believe how, under such Governments as ours, genuine denominational education conld have been refused, if too manv Catholics bad not been lukewarm and indifferent. It is true there may 1 e many simple hearts, yet zealous in their faith, who have not intellectually seen the certain mischief to which their aeeent was asked. They have not seen the now commonly recognised distinction between education and mere instruction; that a Catholic child can only be educated by a Catholic, nay, that even instruction in Catholic doctrine can only be given by a sincere Catholic. Tbey have not comprehended, that the personal belief and character of a teacher influence the efficacy and significance of bis teaching in the souls of the children with whom he is in daily contact; that 'lie is not simply a mechanical contrivance for pouring out a stream of knowledge, nor the children mere vessels of capacity for containing; They have not understood that What really taWs place in the action of one soul upon another, action by sympathy and mutual insight, as well as, or rather, more thau, by verbal communication. They have not remarked that the whole school day has some substantial character and tendency. It is either what a Catholic school must be, wholly religions—not indeed that the greater paTt of ite time, or even any very considerable portion, need be occupied in direct religious instruction, but, by the nature of its habits and surroundings, by ite ordinary prayers and hymns,' by its occasional prayers, and habitual references to the course of the ecclesiastical year, and to the communion of saints, by the common topic through which teacher and taught respectively convey and receive Teligious teaching—it is either in this way wholly religious, or else it Is, by defect at least, -Wholly irreligious, inasmuch as even the children feel that the instruction in secular Knowledge' is the grand essential, and tbe instruction in religion a mere accessory. Men of the world see and acknowledge this "in other subjects; they speak of the air and habits, and tone of mind and speech, that their children, or friends, have acquired in such or such society, and that, of course, without formal instruction; the effect indeed is far beyond the power of formal instruction; 1 it' is a living product of life and association. Well, what we desire, and what we are bound as Catholics incessantly to Beek whilst we have it not, iei the liberty to place our children in schools which shall thus train, thus act upon, their whole character of heart and mind, What then our brethren ofi the clergy, what our.Taithful children of. the laity who have wish and capacity, are bound t« do, is, kindly and patiently to set before, and to keep before,"the minds of simpler, less instructed Catholics, the truth in this matter,'that they be not led away from the guidance of their Church, and'imperil the' highest welfare of their children. Of their fidelity and sound-heartednesswe have'no doubt; of their being in cases misled by words we have some fear. And, therefore, to many of the false assertions and sophistical reasonings that are repeated, and repeated with brazen iteratibn, you must oppose persevering denial and refutation. If.it is'said that the poor children for whom out primary sph'ools are intended may learn the specialities.of thfcir 'religion'at home in their t ... ' r i .!. A V.7.: ..Pth'ciiv nri i.ctu of. fhft "In , the first place, t^atuonca nave uu :6^'cialfces' iu ; their .religion 1 ; it is' bne living whole,"and each part, is' iff vital arid mutual 'connection with tli^ whole. Next, 1 those who really know the homes from which the children come in many;instances, know also that-it is a ihockery to expect in them' religious : training such as Catholics Account training. Thirdly, no one who lobks at'th'o nutubtr of otircleigy, at the'number of the 'schools,' at the distances by which thei are sep&ratfd;, cin tielifeve the man to "bid serious who proposes/that they'should do what is '.to Ib'e done".' Barides-tbere is th'e previcjus i>bstaiile,'|that' an intermittent training is hot what we' wtfnf. The whole school day in ite •yaripufi' otoilipationB must _ have 'one character, tend'to one end. ' *' , ' 'If, tbe poi>r pepplf are toltl xhfit the Government UidJb . ll 'ought uuguu .'to' iv :• ' , : O't :i '(supervise »., 1 xtrt n/ilrnmvltkflho '.the.' --—• expenditure : . If of of • l,f» money Twhvcti it illbts, acknowlfedge it at once, . iand inQ "say we w(j desirp no 'bar ty- the '""i—"-" inspection "> of : i-i • !„ '^..rt^vf^iiirr +.tinfVf>fatefl t.n ctprnlfir If it is said that denominational schools have ot attained in Eecular teaching the standard hich ought to have been attained, the simple eply is, "give us the means of attaining any esirable standard, as you give them to others, nd we too will show at least equal results." If it is alleged that the existence of denominational as well as mixed schools would cause great additional expense, you may, without offending against charity or civility, answer that such a pretended obstacle i3 a pure fiction,_ t'hat the increase, even if there were any when" aid was dealt impartially, would be such a trifle in comparison with what is teadily lavished on gaols and police, that it is utterly incredible it could be held a sufficient motive .for the oppression of a largo portion of the community. If it is asserted that mixed schools and colleges promote mutual respect and charity, we can ouly answer, that experience utterly contradicts the assertion. If there seem to be peace and charity in such cases, it is a deceitful appearance ; it is the peacefulness of death, that is, of indifference. Where there is indifference there is not likely to be contention. And lastly, when it is said that the State cannot regard sects, we have to reply, that the public schools themselves are, in the most grievous sense of the word, sectarian; they offer to some all that is desired, and deny to others that which is accounted necessary. Thus we suffer a privation of right which Is no less a persecution than the infliction of positive wrong; Beeing that Catholics cannot without detriment to conscience, avail themselves of the public schools, they are virtually deprived of the use of tbe portion of the funds voted for Education, and to which having, according to their numbers, contributed, they are justly entitled. They therefore suffer under a privation which is a grievous wrong, from which the first principles of religious and of civil liberty alike require them to be delivered. In some such way, dearly beloved, the reasonableness of opr wish for unfettered denominational teaching may be vindicated, and that, of course, is a satisfaction to any who may have been perplexed in finding an answer. But we need not say, that at the beginning and end of all such discussion, the firm ground for our decision is the voice and guidance of the Church. Catholics must, from the nature of the case, choose whether they will take part with anti- Catholic leaders, statesmen, or others, or whether in this alternative they will adhere to the spirit and authority of the Church of Christ. Now this spirit and authority are [summed up in the words of tbe Holy Father, contained in an apostolic letter, written a few years ago to the'Archbishop of Fribourg. Speaking 'of primary popular schools, he says, " It is in buch schools that the children of the mass of the people are to ba diligently iusttucted from'their earliest years la the mysteries and principles of our most holy religion, and to be with griat care formed to piety, to propriety of manner, to religion, and to the duties of good suljcCtB and citizens. And in these schools religious doctrine especially should, in such sense, occupy the first rank and Influence, hoth in instruction and education, that other knowledge with which the children are imbued may appear as it were secondary." There .is no room, you see, for doubt or hesitation ; and we look to you, dearly beloved of the clergy and laity, to see that right views iu thiB point are spread and inculcated. We are very sure, moreover, that in schools conducted on such principles, the teaching in matters of secular knowledge, to whatever extent it may he desired and provided for, will be more accurate, more complete, niore conscientious than it coyId possibly be where religion .is made an accessory and a peculiarity. We shall have better scholars, as well as moie Chriitian children. MIXED MAIL WAGES. Seven years ago, the Archbishop and the Bishops who were then in this province addressed an earnest and affectionate warning to the faithful laity on the subject of mixed marriages. We «i«> sorry to be obliged to confess that the admonition has not had the effect, full effect, tvhich we hoped for, and which it ought to have had. The frequency of mixed marriages is a terrible blot upon the character of our Catholic community. It is sad to think with w-hat facility Catholic parents consent to such irreligious connections; with how -little caution they lexpose -their young people to social intercourse, where passionate • fancy and the thoughtlessness of .youth' are certain to entail the danger'bf mitChievolis alliances. It is in the main the fault of the-pareuts more than of the children, who hear so little warning against mixed marriages-^so little denunciation and deprecation of their dangers -and miseries. If young people did hear from the clergy, and from parents, as often and as explicitly as they ought, tbe'sense and doctrine of the Churoh concerning such marriages, they would be a far rarer calamity than they'are. The generosity itself of the young' would revolt from such unions-if tbey saw tbemiu their true light—as a danger and a disgrace. Yes, a disgrice ; uot, perhaps, always in the eye of the world, but always in the tye of the Church. How are they to bo interpreted? On one side there is the 1 Churoh teaching hat matrimony is a sacrament— that tbe married lite has its own great duties, its own difficulties, for which special graces , of God are necessary, and which are provided by Him- that the state is to be enteited upotrth'oughtfuiry andsolethnly—with careful preparation of mind and heart—that epouBes are to be of mutual help and encouragement in the grand end of all human life, the life for God and the next- world, l'liis is en one side; and on this other,,what?VA mere fanciful or passionate attachment, with little, enough of worth aboyt it, even when pure with the utmost natural purity itcan have; a mere passionate attachment, overlooking, or at least most certainly undervaluing, the great considerations we have just stated. Is not this a disgrace? Or if the motive to mixed marriage be an advantageous alliance in respect of money prospects, is it not even more disgraceful to soil a sacred thing with the sordid calculations of. a commercial bargain ? Or, if the mixed marriage be coveted.because one of the parties possesses some little higher worldly standing of fashion, or connection, or style, why, 5s uot the thing still more contemptibly disgraceful, at least for the Catholic, with his or her belief about the one Church, the holiness of sacraments, the preciousness of God's grace, and the true end of life? The sad truth is, dearly beloved, that the indifferentisra, which we have already stigmatised as the mother heresy and pestilence of otir day, has reached us, and has been fostered by those peculiar conditions of our colonial society which we began by indicating. Every worldly motive is intensified, every spiritual object and responBibility is bedimmed and attenuated. Mixed marriages are formed by those whose faith is partly suffocated by the unwholesome atmosphere of indifferentism, consciously or unconconsciously; and mixed marriages directly propagate indifferentism. _How could it be otherwise? Even in those few, those very few case8, in which the engagement to respect and leave at perfect. liberty the faith and practice of the Catholic party. Is honestly and honourably kept, where, according to the.Bame engagement, the offsprlng.of the mixed marriage are scrupulously educated as Catholics—what will be the effect on the children of the unhappy situation in which they find themselves ? It is scarcely an exaggeration to say that the better, the more dutiful the children, the more likely will they be to inhale the poison of indifferentism, and to act, even if they do not expressly think it, as if difference of religion were simply a fashion, a matter of human opinion—as if the Church of Christ and the ways of sects were all paths leading to one end. They are taught there is one faith implanted by our Lord and by.tbo Holy Ghost; one Church founded by our Lord,and,being animated by the-Holy Ghost, in full operation and detail of worship before the sacred scriptures of the New Testament were written; and yet they Bee before them every day the two human beings, their paretats, those whom they are bound to love and reverence beyond all—they see them going different ways in this matter of supreme importance. What Catholic would, if he thought truly and justly—what Catholic, man or woman, would dare to .expose his or her children to such cruel perplexity and danger? We call upon the clergy to place these things more frequently bofore the.iniu(Js of their people, and to do it with the gentleness, and delicacy, and firmness of the spirit pf Christ their Lord. If they prevail so, they gam,' ijb is not too much to say, they gain souls;,but, if unhappily, they fail to dissuade mixed marrlpgfB, then they'are to take care that the holy, unswerving discipline of the Catholic Church is observed, The'dispensption is not to be expected except'for just and grave reasons'; there .must Jje risk of grave consequences (grave incommodencies), not to be otherwise avoided; and .even ^henun4er these conditions'the mixed marriage is permitted, there is to be no Solemn benediction.'.Tbe, minister of the Church is to stand by,, almost a passive witness of an act which the Church has always deprecated and delored. Every age has its Special dangers and contests of the Church with the world. We have drawn your attention, dearly beloved, to the two which most inuEinentJythreaten our holy religion here .—mixed ^choolBfor education and mixed marriage's. ' May God avert such calamities; and that He wili surely do, if we all, clergy and laity, do our, parts,; whilst we look up to Him for help. Hewilj save us from all .spiritual dangers, but not altogether without Ourselves, Without our cooperation. ; • After thp dangers incident to oar peculiar position, cope (th e responsibilities that attach to that positionV'These,'also, are in the main, two ; and they are also such that an unchecked prevalence of indifferentism would' deprive of the 1 meaningandforce that,of right belong,to them,' before the .honour and i conscience, of Christian' men. They .are, .our. duty towards the aboriginals oflh iacoa ti nee t,an d our doty towards a Church in the early stages of its growth, as ours now stands. ASOEIQINALS. . We.havedispbsBpssedithealoriginaisof thesoil, at least we have deprived tbera, of .that use of it from which th^y gained a subsistence, even if it be not such a use as can properly be considered to constitute a possession. In natural justice, then, w.e are.held to compensation. We are held by all claims of , natural pity, and kindness, and justice, to give these poor fellow-creatures such protection, and suph instruction aB would more than counterbalance those wretched means of hupjttn.subBistenpe frpm vhich they are djriven, But why-speak vi natural justice and companion only,to. you who are Christians apd .Catholips? We know With the certainty pf faith that' Cod has. jnade ; of oner-all mankind, J'jecit ex uno ttmne ,jepus hpmifium ." that, Christ died for ajL " pro vm&uemprtuus; ; at Christus I" and, therefore, that,these aboriginals,, whp. seem, audj ^io are indwd.,80 low (ara still ,o\jr ^eflo>v-firpa^rd, fallen,ftopii the ; same. nature}, sn'g supefMipjaS gilts pfi Qrigip, Jipirs of the sarnie redemption and iegenerat»P». through Christ. We know, too ...flfith thp (VrtWDtsr of ; faith, tij^t we. who have re«s)yeditt»e gospel of Christ are bpund to comywto^f.%tp.tbpm. ,« tjotfe,yor^ a„k fl;fUl fuijions, bajpixsing tLem in th f name of Ftftewtf ofMe fa ari o/ JiiBoh > white men should havedondn this light of faith they should have acted towards the black men of this continent. The combined influence and means of the incoming nation, since it professed to be a nation of Christians, should have been applied to protect,' and teach,.and make disciples of Christ; those poor children of the soil, where they have found new homes "and worldly wealth. Alas'.St is shocking to thinkjof what has, in fact, been done. With very little, with short-lived exception, injustice, neglect, cruelty, and, a million times worse, the actual teaching of vice, have branded the annals of, white men. The stain of blood is upon us— blood has been shed far otherwise than in' selfdefence—blood, in needless and wanton cruelty. It is said, even now, that as Europeans progress northwards, blood is so shed. Shall we not protest against this? Bishops and priests, all ministers and disciples of Christ; shall they not protest by word and deed ? We do so protest, dearly beloved; and whilst we do protest, we acknowledge gratefully tbe solicitude repeatedly expressed by Her Majesty's Government that "efforts should be made to ameliorate the condition of the Aborigines—that they should be protected and provided for BO far as may be necessary—we acknowledge that this solicitude has been accepted by the Colonial authorities; we bear willing testimony that very many of our fellow- colonists have exhibited a truly humane Christian spirit in their relations with them; others, however, have, in justification of a great crime, striven to believe that these black men are not of our race, are not our fellow creatures. We Catholics know assuredly how falsa this is; we know that one soul of theirs is, like one of our own, of more worth than the whole material world, that any human soul is of more worth, as it is of greater cost, than the whole mere matter of this earth, its sun and its system, or, indeed, of all the glories of the firmament. And this is one of those truths of faith which indifferentism denies, and ob scures, we fear, also in the minds of too many Catholics We are bound to proclaim it ana enforce it, as we do most solemnly. By what means the Christian regeneration of the aboriginals may be best attempted we can scarcely yet determine in detail, until European conscience and humanity are a little more fully awake, The duty is harder than it was, because European vice and disease have been added to tbe original evil of savage corruption. In place of bearing with them tbe exorcism and life of Christian faith and baptism, white men have too often been apoBtles of Satan, have riveted Mb chains, and confirmed his kingdom. It ecema now almost a necessary condition that Christian mis sionaiies should iBol&te; themselves and their disciples from all intercourse with white men. We want missionaries equal to the glorious ixile of those members of the Society of Jesus, who preached and taught the Qospel of old in the reductions of Paraguay, and, perhaps, this country will never be fully purified and absolved, until such men shall have arisen within it. May God speed the time, if indeed it be in store fo^ as 1 Still, some: little has been done, enough to Bhow how utterly false is. the assertion, that ouf aboriginals are irreclaimable,. are of so low a type of humanity, .that they have absolutely no faculties to receive moral and spiritual truth, What has.been accomplished on oar western coast by the Spanish; Benedictines proves abuudautly that a little patience, and the perseverance of . charity and faith* can prepare their souls to receive the grace -of Christ.', What js! wanting is, not capacity in the aboriginals, but apostolic self-devotion in,the followers of ^hrist. J The sad truth is,: that (he neighbourhood of .white men, instead of being the proof and illustration of Christianity,, is a scandal and an antichrist. The Fathers of thiB Council are at this moment powerless; they have neither men nor means at command; hjit they desire solemnly to lay upon the conscience of all who have'property in theBe colonies the thought that there is blood upon their land, and that human souls, to whom they are in so many ways debtors, in the name of natural justice,, and in the name of the Redeemer, are perishing bepause no man careth for them. It is a thought not for the clergy alone, but for the whole Church, laity and clergy too. No one of ns must dare to say with Cain the murderer," Am I my brother's keeper?" NECESSITIES 07 THE CHUBCD. Next comes consideration of'the'respoiisibilllty! lind'ef which Australian'Catholics lie to provide' for the growih of their Chuteh. The spiritual! necessities of the Church are very great.' Material means ior'carrying ont administration's! so (extensive as those entrusted'to us, mustbe] placed in our bands. There are heire no'old foundations to provide'annual revenue,'and yet! here is a large .extraordinary expenditure to which our brethren in the oldet ' : '6f Christendom are not' subject. The m'atfieir is' pressing! and'demands devOtedness in all'.' The' salt must not' lose 'its- savour; the light of'the! world must not be suffered to groWditn. Voi ettis tal terra."' "FlpS estis lux miindii" ' fgj Matt. c. &), Priests and people have' her£> £beii) commission and responsibility,'both of thein in their several office and Order, Both class^ ar^ to be a purifying principle of conserratfon jri the world, a source of fcafety froth cerruf>t)t>b| both, are to be a light shinitg amidst' the darkness of heres^'and'infidelity, bothtire 'id manifest, that is, holiness ati'd faith, But'eieM tljiijg in its J>rjbef; on the ' cfeSgy" rests " the apffll jMpon'sibji^y 'Of l»ihg the' lea'dereaiid examines of the Jaity in Christian' doctrine/Id Christian spirit,' in Christian 'filth. ' 'Th&y; MM for jheir', charge and privilege" tp' 1)6 ' liVlij J illustrations oif^t^e, b^atituA'e^ of' thd' wh(flj 6ej;mon ,on the Mount.' If thp .Chps^iaitt' holy Hbctnhe iaiid divine &1eh(3e. ; li is ft.grayd, but a jnost awful respdn6"ibiU^.'bti whiph might, well cf ushi^ to' i th% , gro'»inyiiF wi j: J 1 1 , tl, 'iy„ rf,ffirli Jt,'^Virtrii^i<ii<H i thin and blasted by indifferentism, devour the beauty of tbe ears that are full and fair. Let us pray to tbe God of the harvest. There is no lack of' encouragement, though there is- also cause for alarm. The hearts of our dear laity are sound, they will follow and suBtain us, If we go before them with apostolic hearts, as well as in apostolic office. We have only to look 1-ound at what a very few years have brought forth, to gather thankfulness and hope. This noble Cathedral, under the invocation of St. Patrick, yet in progress; the'Metropolitan Cathedral in Sydney; rising in- magnificence from its ashes; all the other cathedrals, and schools, and hos pitals of the province, prove that our peOple are quick and earnest in answering any call of the faith they love. Our needs are increasing, but it is because- our numbers are multiplying —our holy faith is spreading. Let us now, then, once more begin anew, priests and people. " Benedicite, sacerdotes Domini, Domino; bencdiciCe, servia Domine, Domino; benedicite, lancli ei hvmiles corde, Domino." U ere are our weapons of offence and defence in tbe everlasting war —sanctity and humility; sanctity and humility in our clergy, sanctity and humility in our people, A great " Benedicite " will rise to tbe throne of God our Saviour from this Australia, if Catholics betake themselves to these arms whenever tbey are minded to do service to God, and to be His instruments for extending the knowledge of diyine charity amongst their fellow men. There is scarcely any human wickedness that will not be won or awed by true Christian sanctity, then? is scarcely any degree of merely human perversity tbat will not soften to the geutleness of loving humility. May God pour forth abundantly these precious gifts of His Holy Spirit. " Now to tbe king of ages, immortal, invisible, tbe only God, be honour and gloryfor ever and ever. Amen." May the blessing of the Most Holy Trinity, Father, Sod, and Holy Ghost, remain with you always. • -f JOHN BEDE, O.S.B., • Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan of Australia; -f DANIEL, Bishop'of Hobart Town. 4- JAMES AL1PIUS, O.S.A., Bishop of Melbourne. JAMES, Bishop of Brisbane. 4- MATTHEW, Bishop of Batburst. \+ JAMES, BiBhop of Maittand. \+ LAWBEN'CE BONAVENTURE, O.8.F., Bishop of Adelaide. -f- WILLIAM, Bishop of Goulboorn. iven in 8 mod, at St. Patrick's, Eastern Hill, HeZbouma, this twenty-fourth (lay of Apfii; 1869; u>d ordered to be read in all Churches' und Chapels of the Province, the Suadty «r.Simdays after it shall bavebeea received, jn portiona, at the prudent judgmont of the Pastors; when also the Te Deum fftifcll be tuo£ or recitod obce, In thanksgiTing to Almighty God. ' JOHS.IGNATIUS BLEASDALEj D.D. 'I r , • JOHN BMYTH, V.G.,Adelaide. J BeereWrtm, . 