THE REV. MR. DARE. Two Wesleyan ministers, a deputation from the central body in Melbourne, are now in this district, the Rev. Mr Wnngh and the Rev. Air Dare. We speak of the latter geutlt-man more especially, as we have heard him preach. It would be uufair to give an abstract of his sermons —and that is all we could possibly attempt— as the single sermon we heard in the Beecliworth Wesleyan Church in the evening, was so complete in itself, so lending all through to the same issue, from the text to the last word through various ways, that no report except a complete one, would fairly represent it. It would also be, perhaps, unfair to speak critically of the Rev. Mr. Dare even if we published his sermon— :we refer particularly to his evening's discourse — in fall, bat the reverend gentleman can Btand criticism. He mnst know, and his congregation must know, that he is worthy of . it. Before '" wa com mence to speak ! of his general appearance in the pulpit, however, we may mention that he made no less than three long sermons, on Sundays-one in /the Wesleyan Church in the. morning, Avhen be look for his1 text Psalms. cvii.) 8, " Oh that meu would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men." In the after noon at bt. George's Hall, which was, we believe, crowded to excess — and that means about 600 people present — his text was from Matthew xxviii., 19, " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising" them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, aud of the Holy Ghost." From the effects produced by these two ser mons, the liev Air Dare had a larger congregatiou at night in the Wesleyau Church than ever assembled within its walls. In fact, it was not ouly crowded to suffocation — by the way, the windows, curiously enough, were not opened— but several persons, seeing no chance of obtaining any sittings, left. At the same time everything was dene by the stewards to accommodate all comers of every denomination, and extra seats were provided along the passages. The Rev. Mr Dare took for bis text on tin's occasion Psalms exxvi, 6, " He that goeth forth and woepeth bear ing precious seed, shall doubtless come again wiili rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him." Now there is a great deal in that verse. Plenty for any man to go and think about for a day, or a year, or a life. But there are few who could present it to their own minds as the Rev. Air Dare presented it to his hearers. He never lost sight of liis text. With studied look and action and elocution, whatever he said was framed like a good picture. He ransacked the earth, the air, the sea, for images — for similes. No mind there should escape him. He seemed to have said to himself " I waut to impress all my hearers without fatiguing them, but there are many minds, and I must try many channels." Accordingly, he brought science and art, history and> biography, natural philosophy, travels, mechanics, chemistry, medicine — a varied knowledge and an extensive reading — lo his aid, never intruding any inapt illustration, and making the most of each. His discourse was perhaps more suggestive than emo tional ; of course not reasoning, as be was speaking to liisowu people. It was, however, very markedly rhetorical, being complete in its parts and as a whole. In fact, in this respect it was something extraordinary ; something like, if we may compare sacred things with profane, some of Tbalberg's wonderful compo sitions, in which, without ever losing sight of his theme, ho interweaves a thousand though is. We will have the opportunity of hearing the Rev. Mr Dare and the Rev. Mr Wangh at a public meeting io-night, at St. George's Hall ; but even there, although the hall will be crowded, it will not give an opportunity to many persons who would gladly hear him lecture on some subject entirely apart from religion. We hope, at all events, the reverend gentleman will give us that opportunity. The Fiji Islands. — This group has" for some time been creating- considerable interest in this and the .neighboring colonies as a field . for emigration and settlement. It has been pictured by -various hands and in manifold colors ; some lauding it as an earthly Paradise, where money can be made with ease, while others again take a more solid view of tho matter and point out the many things that are required for a commence ment of the difficulties to be encountered in establishing a secure footing, and the disabilities one labors under in a new and distant settlement so isolated from the great ceutres of commerce and civili sation. The latest brochure on this in teresting subject has been forwarded to us by the publishers, Messrs Sands and AI'Dougal, of Melbourne. It is written by a person who signs himself Ceres, and who is evidently well acquainted with the present condition and future prospects of these islands. He treats the subject in a purely commercial point of view, and his facts, although perhaps rather too favorable, are in the main beyond dispute. Anyone thinking of settling in Fiji or of taking a trip there could not do better than read this pamphlet, which, besides its intrinsic value, is very neatly got up, with two excellent maps, and is, moreover, in price only one shilling. To-Night's Tea-Meeting.— It had been announced that the Wesleyan tea- meeting, which take3 place at St George's Hall, would commeuce at six o'clock. It was found, however, that the hour would be highly inconvenient for a great num ber of ladies and gentlemen who intend to be present, and even for several who are taking an active part in the prepara tions. In order to meet this difficulty the liGur has been altered to half-past six o'clock. There will no doubt be a great crowd present, as the good things offered, both material and intellectual, are something entirely out of the com mon. The public meeting will be addressed by the Rev Air Waugh and the . Rev Mr Dare, who form the deputation from the oqptral body. 