ANNE HEREFORD. By TUE Author of "East Lynne." Chapter XII. , to iHTET turned and walked rapidly back f^toîbe-arost side walk I could find 1 "r bring me to the open grounds, and tbB\WÍckngainst Mr Chandos Auton alone, Miss Herofoul? I surely bC1Tg0euS.ñan met me, an, and spoke" tleman m this remote part of the a he repeated, looking keenly at mons gr e expression passed momentarily across 3 "Tee Wha If any one YOU know ?" T a he who came into the blood walk, nilton y« ordered out the now tenant HI I fancied so, returned Mr Chandos, ""rv flush deepening And it seemed I to though he were angry with me I found out to walk by accident' Bar' and I ," ii- He stopped and accosted mc t him in s ?"" , , t " , t the vital question", which I thought very rude of him What dillie ask you? He wished to know my name, who I was, J what I was doing at Chandos, but I did for him. He then inquired about the army a king what members of it were at 1 one And you told him there was no need to tell him, en, for ho in at oned the names to me as ourself, Lady, and Mrs Claude' Ethel he mentioned he, did not What 'd d he told her Mrs Chandos?' It did not mention her by name, as ; he j J -ida fighter in law "I did not tell Mr Cha-ido that the designation made an impress on us on me establishing the supposition that Mrs Saunders was a daughter in law ' And pray what did he call me?" Ilatrv Chandos ' We know mark me, Miss Hereford That accosted you to work out what he could of her every day life at home. His name is Barley -Ediv n Barley He is a bitter enemy of ours, and if he could pick up any scrap of news or tr 1 of fact that he could by possibility turn about and work so as to injure us, he would do B tboweouUhe, sir'" I exclaimed, not under standing He suspicions are no doubt aroused that Dal-lb Tvour pin don, Miss Hereford, he abrupt v broke out with the air of one who has ud nice thin he meant to say " These matter cannot interest you You-you did not tell Mr Bailes what I explained to you this morning, touching my self Oh Mr Chandos, how can you ask the auction' Did I not promise you to hold it sacred Forgive me," he gently said, " say, I am sorry to have named you " He had pained are in no slight degree and the ara year nearly rose in my eyes I would rather be beaten with rods than have my good ia the righted I think Mr Chandos was some b g of this in my face Believe me, I do not doubt you for a men. it but Edwin Bailey, in all that regards. our family is cunning and crafty Be upon vow guard should be stop you again, not to betray aught of our affairs at Chandos, the little (hair occurrences of home-life A chance word to a 1 says arouse innocent and trifling, might > i calculable mischief to us, over him but you remember this Miss Hcrefoul ' > ' II roan ed him I would, and went back to you e he continuing his way. At the end t I r vet walk a gate led to the open comes to and I supposed Mr Chandos had business As I loathed the portico a gentleman standing there with the butler, asking to see life Chandos It was Mr Jarvis the curate My lady is sick in bed, she, was Hickcns ply his long grave face giving ample token that he held belief in his own words I am sorry to hear that Is her illness rous Killing No sir I believe Mr Hill fears it iv The day before her ladyship is down again and to be subject to dreadful bilious attack I suppe of in a one of them come back 3'ä.U the curate gave in a card, left a message, and ii pi ed So it appeared that Hill was regaling "art with the same story that she had to d ale I could have spoken up, had I dared not said there was nothing the matter with the in b of Lady Chandos At 6 o'clock I went down to dinner, wonder " trio would preside I have said that no car no iv was observed at Chandos, the every day he was simple in the extreme Since the capture of Emily do Melissa we had sat in the oak parlor and all the meals were taken v r In fact there was nobody to Bit but my fear Chandos had been mostly in the wing Mr Chandos out, or in his study , Mr. C. and I never saw The servants were in "g t e soup on the table in another me at Mr Chandos came in A 'Kail company, this evening, Miss Here city you and I," he laughed, as we took a Is T adv Chandos not sufficiently well to dine, I asked She will eat something, no doubt Hill takes or her mistress I met her carrying up the UTiI came down " shot el am not the cause of your dining 6 a "tairJ * "joined, the unpleasant thought I nS me that it might be so a Perhaps, but NZ 10" WOullUal[0 your paper with Lady -ot f>TblDgof the POrt' I assure you Were it \- or you I should sit here in solitary state, a heat lonely dinner with what appetite I , °. Aud a solitary dinner is not good for it! as , ' to be ('doctors tell us Did any one * Kf,V near Jarvis's I think he wanted to lady about the now schools He was Ah. I" to ask, what was the matter uZ ue,SttUl * thought it might be one ^ I dot S us attacks come °"wT "y !rVad3ba<lonoorlwoat times, years ago, THE- man remember " At replied Mr Chandos, but it was all salient he made of T ? VfCh!!nd0ä subject to bilious attacks'" I area of Mr Chandos particularly She has been free from a LTt irr Sir'" contln^d Hickcns, We have had news of Mrs PlC0man?, Who did it come? I hope it's good to SxVa8^' Sir *' <>«molu.lfanhour ^oaaanotherflttoday,mthcfo^enoon, and it's certain now that she won't be able to come back here for a long while, if she is at all. The relation that she is with wrote to Mrs Hill, who took up the note to my lady. Hill says, when she left her there were symptoms of a second attack coming on." Mr. Chandos leaned back for a moment in his chair, forgetful that he was at dinner, and not alone. He was in a revolver ; but, as his eye fell on me, he shook it off, and spoke. " Her not returning will prove an inconvenience to Mrs. Chandos." "I am afraid it will, sir," rejoined Dickens' who had fancied himself addressed ; though, in point of fact, Mr. Chandos had but unconsciously spoken aloud his thoughts. Dickens had been a long while in the family, was a faithful and valued servant, consequently he thought himself at liberty to talk in season and out of season. " I warned Mrs. Chandos' maid, not to tell her mistress about Mrs. Freeman's being worse," he went on. " It would do no good, and only worry her." Mr. Chandos slightly nodded, and the dinner then proceeded in silence. At its conclusion Mr. Chandos, after taking one glass of wine, rose. " I must apologise for leaving you alone, Miss Hereford, but I believe my mother will expect me to sit with her. Be sure you make yourself at home ; and ring for tea when you wish for it." "Shall you not be in to tea, sir?" I think not. At all events, don't wait." Dreary enough was it for me, sitting in that great solitary room-not solitary in itself, but from want of tenants. I went and stood at the window. The wax lights were burning, but nothing but the muslin curtains were before the windows. There was no one to overlook the room ; comers to the house did not pass it the servants had no business whatever in the front and very often the shutters were not closed until bed- time It was scarcely yet to be called dark the atmos- phere was calm and clear, and a bright white light came from the west. Putting on a shawl, I went quietly out. It was nearly for ino, as dreary out of doors as in. All seemed still ; no soul was about no voices were to he heard ; no cheering lights gleamed from the windows. I was daring enough to walk to the end and look up at the west wing : a slight glimmering, as of fire, sparkled up now and again in what I had understood was Lady Chandos' sitting-room. Back to the east wing, and looked at the end of that. Plenty of cheerful blaze there, both of Arno and candle; and, once, the slight form of Mrs. Chandos appeared for a minute at the window, looking out. I passed on to the back of the house, by the servants' ordinary path, round the east wing It was a good opportunity for seeing what the place was like. But I did not bargain for the great flood of light into which I was thrown on turning the angle. It proceeded from the corner room ; the windows were thrown wide open, and some maid-servant were ironing at a long board underneath. Not fearing that they should see me, I drew under the cover of a projecting shed, that I believe belonged to the brew-house, and took a leisurely survey. Plenty of life here ; plenty of buildings ; it seemed like a colony. Lights shone from several windows of the long edifice-as long as it was in front. The entrance was in the middle ; a poultry-yard lay at the other end ; a pasture for cows opposite ; the range of stables could be seen in the distance. Harriet and Emma were the two maids iron- ing j Lizzy, a very dark young woman of thirty, with a bunch of wild-looking black curls on either side of her face, sat by the irouiug-stove, doing nothing. These three, it may be remembered, have been mentioned as the housemaids. Another woman, whom I did not recognise, hut know her later for the laundry maid, was at the back, folding clothes. They were talking fast, but very distinctly, in that half- covert tone which betrays the subject to be a forbidden one. The conversation and the stoves heat were alike wafted to me through the open window. " You may preach from now until to-morrow morning, were the first words I heard, and they come from Harriet ; " but you will never make me believe that people's ghosts can appear before they die. It is not in nature's order." " His appears. I'll stand to that. And what's more I'll stand to it that I saw it last night !" cried Lizzy, looking up and speaking in strong, force jerks, as she was in the habit of doing. " I sat up in the bedroom sewing. It's that new black silk polka of mine that I wanted to finish, and if I got it about down- stairs, Madam Hill would go on above a bit about finery. Emma got into bed and lay awake talking, her and me. Before I'd done, my piece of candle comes to an end, and I thought I'd go into Harriet a room and borrow here. It was a lovely night, the moon shone stairways in at the turret window, and something took me that I'd have a look out. So I went up the turret stairs and stood at the casement. I'd not been there a minute before I saw it-the living image of Mr. Chandos and I thought I should have swooned away. Ask Emma." " Well I say it might have been Sir. Chandos himself, but it never was his ghost," argued Harriet." " You might be a soft, but I dare say you'd stand to it you are not," recorded Lizzy, " Don't I tell you that in the old days we saw that apparition when Mr. Harry was safe in his bed ? When we knew him to be in his bed with that attacked of fever he had I saw it twice then with my own eyes. And once, when Mr. Harry was miles and miles away gone over to that French place where Miss Emily was at school -it came again. Half the household saw it and a fine commotion there was Don't tell me, girl! I've lived in the family six years. I came here before old Sir Thomas died." There was a pause. Harriet, evidently not discomforted, whisked away her iron to the stove, changed it, and came back again, before she spoke, "I don't know anything about hack times ; the present ones is enough for me. Did you see this, Emma, last night ?" "Yes, I did," replied Emma, who was a silent and rather stupid-looking girl, with a very retreating chin. Lizzy came rushing back into the room, saying the ghost had come again, and I ran after her up to to the turret window. Something was there safe enough." "Who was it like?" " Mr. Chandos. There was no mistaking him one does not see a tall, thin, upright man like him every day. There was his face, too, and his beautiful features quite plain the moon gave a light like day." " It was himself, as I said, coolly contended Harriet. " It was not," said Lizzy. " Mr. Chandos would no more have been dancing in and out of the trees in that fashion, like a jack-in-the-box than she'd try to fly in the air. It was the ghost at its tricks again." "But the thing is incredible," persisted Harriet. " Let us suppose, for argument's sake, that it is Mr. Chandos'ghost that walks, what does it come for, Lizzy ?" " I never heard that ghosts stooped to explain their motives. How should we know why it comes ?" " And I never heard yet that ghosts of two people came at all," continued Harriet, in to crimination, "And I don't think anybody else ever did." " But you know that's only your ignorance, Harriot. Certain people are born into the world with their own fetches or wraiths, which appear sometimes with them, sometimes at a distance, and Mr. Chandos must be one. I know a lady's maid of that kind. While she was with her mistress in Scotland, her fetch used to walk about in England, startling acquaintances into fits. Some people call 'em doubles." "But what's the use of them?" reiterated Harriot j " what do they do ? That's what I want to know." " Harriot, don't you so profane, and set up your back against spirituous things," rebuked Lizzy. " There was a man in our village, over beyond Marden, that never could be brought to reverence such ; he mocked - at 'em like any heathen, saying held fight single-handed the best ton ghosts that ever walked for ten pound a-side, and wished he could get the chance. What was the awful consequences ? Why that man, going home one night from the beer-shop, marched right into the canal in mistake for his own house door, and was drowned." Emma replenished the stove, took a fresh iron, staged a rag in rubbing it, and continued her work. The woman, folding clothes at the back, turned round to speak. " How was the action first took up that it was Mr. Chandos' ghost ?" " This way," said Lizzy, as if from her longer period of service in the family who assumed to know more than the rest. " It was about the time of Sir Thomas' death ; just before it, or after it, I forgot which now. Mr. Harry as he was mostly called when he was younger-was ill with that low fever ; it was said something had worried him and brought the sickness on. My lady, by token was poorly at the same time, and kept her rooms and now that I remember, Sir Thomas was dead, for she wore her widow's caps. At the very time Mr. Hurry was in his bed, this figure, his very self, was soon at night in the grounds. That was the first of it." "If there's one thing more deceptive than another, it's night-light," meekly observed the woman. " The next time was about two years after that," resumed Lizzy, ignoring the suggestion. " Mr. Hurry was in France, and one of the servants stopped out late one evening without leave : Phceby it was, who's married now. She had missed the train and had to walk, and it was between 12 and 1 when she got in, and me and Ann sitting up for her in a desperate fight lest Mrs. Hill should find it out, if she came, out in a fluster, saying Mr. Harry was in the shrubbery, and she was afraid he had seen her. Of course, we thought it was Mr. Harry come home, and that the house would be called up to serve refreshments for him. But nothing happened ; no bells rang, and to bed we went. The next morning we found he had not come home, and finely laughed at Phceby, asking her what she had taken to obscure her eyesight which made her very mad. Evening came, and one of them telegraph messages over the sea to my lady from Mr. Harry, proving he was in the French town. But law ! that night, there he was in the dark pine path again, walking up and down it, and all ub maids sat up and saw him. My lady was ill again then, I remember ¡ she does have had bouts now and thou." " Do you mean to say you all saw him unquestioned Harriet. " We all saw him, four or five of us," emphatically repeated Lizzy. " Dickens came to hear of it, and called up all the Bimpletons he could lay his tongue to. He told Hill-least- ways, we never know who did if he didn't-and didn't she make a commotion. If over she heard a syllable of such rubbish from us again, she said, we should all go packing and she looked up the turret door, and kept the key in her pocket for weeks." "You see, what staggers one is that Mr. Chandos should be alive," said Harriet. " Olio could understand it if he were dead." " Nothing that's connected with ghosts, and other things, ought to stagger one at all, dis- sented Lizzy. "According to you, Lizzy, the ghost only opposed by fits and starts." "No more it does. Every two or three years, or so. Any way it has been once since the time I tell you of when Mr. Chandos was abroad, which is four years ago, and now it's here again." " One would think you watched for it, Lizzy!" " And so I do, Often of a moonlight night, I get out of bed and go to that turret window." Some one came quickly down the path at this juncture, briiBhing by me, as I stood in the shade. It was the still-room maid. She had a bundle in her hand, went on to the entrance, and thence came into the ironing room. Hill followed her in but the latter remained at the back, looking at some ironed races on a table, and not one of the girls noticed her presence The still-room maid advanced to the ironing board, let fall her bundle on it, and throw up her arms in some excitement. " I say, you know Mrs. Peters, over at the brook ! Well she's dead." " Dead !" echoed the girl, pausing in their work. " Why it was not a week ago that she was here." " She's dead. They were laying her out when I come by just now. Some fever, they say which took her off in no time ; a catching fever, too. A mortal fright it put me in, to hear that I shouldn't like to die yet awhile." " If fever has broke out in the place, who knows but it's fever that has taken my lady !" exclaimed Emma, her stupid face alive with consternation and the rest for their irons drop on their stands. "All our lives may be in jeopardy." " Your places will be in greater jeopardy if you don't pay a little more attention to work, and leave off talking nonsense," cal' 1 out the sharp voice of Mrs. Hill from the background. The servants started round at its sound, and the irons were taken up again. Chapter XIII. DISTURBED di jabs, chandos. No candles yet in Lady Chandos' rooms, but a great flood of light in those of Mrs. Chandos. The commotion in the ironing room, following on the discovered presence of Hill, had given me the opportunity to come away, and be ex- changed (not willingly) the gossipping cheerful uses of the back, for the dreary front of the house. I had nearly laughed aloud at those foolish servant girls : nevertheless, in what they had said there was food for speculation. For when Harry Chandos was a-bed, sick with fever when he was over in France, with the broad sea and many miles of land between him and his home, how could they have seen him, or fancied they saw him, in these dark walks, night after night, at Chandos ? Facing the dark gravel walk from wing to wing, glancing, as I passed, each time, through the window panes and the muslin curtains into the oak parlor, where the solitary toa waited, I thought over it all, and came to the conclusion that, taking one curious thing with another, something was uncanny in the place. How long should I have to stay at it how long would it he before Emily do Mollissio came back to me? The hall-door stood open, and the hall lamp throw its light across the lawn in a straight line. It seemed like a roy of company amid the general dreariness. I took a fancy to walk along the pleasant stream, forgetting or unheeding the dow that might be on the grass. On getting to the other side, I stood a moment at the top of the pine walk, and then advanced a few steps down it. Some one was there before me. A white figure as it looked-was flitting about 2 and I gave a great start. What with the Eight-hour, the solitary loneliness of all around, the. soft sighing sound from the branches of the trees, and the servant-girls' recent talk of the " ghost," I am not sure but I began to think of ghosts myself. Ghost, or no ghost, it came gliding up to me, with its slender form, its lovely face : Mrs. Chandos, in a white silk evening dress, with a small white opera cloak on her shoulders. It was her pleasure, as I learnt later, to dress each day for her own lonely society just as she would for a state dinner-table. " How you startled me !" she exclaimed. " With that great brown Shawl on your head, you look as much like a man as a woman. But I saw by the height it was not be. Did you know that he came that he was here last night ?" she added, dropping her voice to the faintest whisper. It was the first time Mrs. Chandos had voluntarily addressed me. Of course I guessed that she alluded to Mr. Harry Chandos : but I hesitated to answer, after the caution he had given me. Was there anything wild about her voice and manner as she spoke a-head nor spirits run away with her to-night nor did the fact of her flitting about in the white evening dress in this wild way, like any school-girl, cause me to fancy it? "Did you know it, I ask ?" she impatiently rejoined. " Surely you may answer me." " Yes !" There seemed no help for it. I saw, him, madam, but I shall not mention it. The secret is safe with me." " You saw him ! Oh, heaven, what will be done ?" she cried, in evident distress. " It was so once before : the servants saw him. You must not tell any one is you must not." " Indeed I will not. I am quite trustworthy." "What are you doing out here ?" she sharply said. " Looking for him ?" " Indeed no. I was dull by myself, and came across unthinkingly. I am as true as you, Mrs. Chandos. I would not, for the world, say a word to harm him." The assurance seemed to satisfy-to calm her she grow quiet as a little child. To talk of it might cause grevious evil, you know is it might lead to-but I had better not say more to a stranger. How did you come to know of it?" I made no answer. Some feeling, that I did not stay to sift, forbade me to say it was from himself. " I know I it was from Madame de Mollissio. It was very foolish of her to tell you. It was wrong of her to bring you here at all" As Mrs. Chandos spoke, there was something in her words, in her tone, in her manner altogether, that caused a worse idea to flash across me that she was not quite herself. Not insane ; it was not that thought ; but a little wanting in intellect j as if the powers of mind were impaired. It startled me beyond measure and I began to think that I ought to try and get her indoors. " Shall you not take cold out here, Mrs. Chandos ?" " I never take cold. You see, I am my own mistress now ; when Mrs. Freeman's here she will never let me come out after dusk. Lady Chandos sent my maid to sit with me this evening, but I lay down on the sofa, and told her I was perhaps going to sleep and she could not stay with me. And I came out ¡ I thought I might see him." Every word she spoke added to the impression. " And so you saw him last night ! I did not I never do. The windows looking this way are closed. And perhaps if I were to see him like that, and be taken by surprise, it might make me ill : Mrs. Freeman says it would. It is so Did, you know !" " Very Bad," I murmured, assuming still that she alluded to the infirmity of Mr. Chandos. " They never told me. They are not aware that I know it. I found it out to- day. I was going about the gallery early this morning, before Hill came home, and I found it out. When Mrs. Freeman's here, I can only got out when she pleases. You cannot think what a long time it is since since " Since what I asked, on she came to a stop. " Since the last time. Harry has not said a word to me all day ; it is a share of him. He ought to have told me." "Yes, yes," I murmured, wishing to soothe her. " You see, Harry's not Monds with me. He tells me he is, but he is not in reality. It is through my having treated him badly : he has been the same as a stranger ever since. But he ought to have told me this. You must not tell them that I know it." " Certainly not." " They might lock me in you know I they did , once before I but that was not the last time, it was when Harry was in France. If Mrs. Free- a man had been here to-day, I should never have known it. It is very cruel ¡ I think I shall tell j Lady Chandos so. If Harry-" During the last few words, Mrs. Chandos' eyes had been strained on a particular spot near 1 to us. What she saw, or fancied she saw, I know not, but she broke into a low, smothered cry of fear, and sped away swiftly to the house. Rather startled, I sent my eyes on the place, as if by some fascination, half expecting how foolish it was to see Mr. Chandos perambulating in his sleep. And I believe, had I done so, I should have run away more terrified than from any ghost. Something did appear to be there that ought not. It was between the trunks of two trees, in a line with them, as if it were another tree of novor-yot- witnessed form and shape. A vast deal more like the figure of a man, thought I, as I gazed. Not a tall slender man like Mr. Chandos; more of the build of Mr. Edwin Barley. Why the idea of the latter should have occurred to me, or whether the man (it certainly was one !) bore him any resemblance, I could not tell. The fancy was quite enough for me, and I sped away as quickly as Mrs. Chandos had done. She had whisked silently through the hall towards her rooms, and met her maid on the stairs who had probably just discovered her absence. " Are you ready to make tea, Miss Horoford ? I have come to have some." It was the greeting of Mr. Chandos, as I ran, scared and breathless, into the oak parlor. He was sitting in the easy-chair near the table, a review in his hand, and looked up with surprise No wonder seeing me dart in as if pursued by a wild oat, an ugly shawl over my head. But, you see, I had not thought he would be there. However, he said nothing. I sat down, as sedate as any old matron, and made the ten. Mr. Chandos road his paper, and spoke to me between whiles. "Don't you think, sir, we ought to have heard to-day from Madame de Mollissio ?" " Why to-day ?" "It is getting time that I heard. Except the short note to Lady Chandos, written upon her arrival in Paris, she has not sent a syllable. It is very strange." " Nothing is strange that Emily doors. She may be intending to surprise us by arriving without notice. I fully expect it. On the other hand, we may not hear from her for weeks to come." " But she has left me here, air ! She said she should be sure to come book the very first day she could." Mr. Chandos slightly laughed. " You may have passed from her memory, Miss Horoford, as completely as though you never existed in it." I paused in consternation; the suggestion bringing to me I know not what of perplexity. He looked excessively amused. "What can I do, sir?" " Not anything that I see, except make yourself contented here. At least, until we hear from Emily." With the tea-things disappeared Mr. Chandos and a sensation of loneliness fell upon me. What at? At his exit, or at my previous alarm in the pine-walk ? I might have asked myself, but did not. He came back again shortly, remarking that it was a fine night. " Have you been out, sir ?" " No. I have been to my mother's rooms." Is she better this evening ?" " Much, the same." He stood with his elbow on the mantel-piece, his hand lifted to his head, evidently in deep thought, a strange look of anxiety, of pain, in the expression of his countenance. I went over to a side table to get something out of my work box and not to disturb him by going back again, I softly pulled aside the muslin window curtain to look out for a minute on the dusky, still night. What was dr made me spring back with a sudden movement of terror and a half cry? Surely I could not be mistaken ! That was a face close to the window, looking in the dark face of a man and unless I was much mistaken, bearing a strong resemblance to that of Mr. Edwin Barley. " What is it ?" asked Mr. Chandos, coming forward. " Has anything alarmed you ?" " Oh, sir! I saw a face pressed close to the window-pane. A man's face." Without the loss of a moment, Mr. Chandos A throw up the window, and had his head out. All I felt good for was to sit down in a chair out of sight. He could see no one, as it appeared, and he shut the window again very quietly. Perhaps his thoughts only pointed to some one of the servants. " Are you sure you saw anyone, Miss Hero- ford?" " I am very nearly sure, sir." "Who was it?" In truth I could not say, and I was not ob liked to avow my suspicions. Mr. Chandos hastened outside, and I remained alone, as timid as could be. A curious and most unpleasant suspicion was fixing itself upon my mind, dim glimpses of which had been haunting me during too that Mr. Edwin Barloy's object was me. That it was himself who had been in the side-walk, and again now at the window, I felt a positive conviction. He must have recognised me j this stealthy intrusion at odd times', seasonable and unseasonable, must be to watch me, to take note of my movements, not of those of the owners of Chandos. But for lnVinotivo searched in vain. I cannot see or hear anyone about," said Mr. Chandos, when he returned a " all seems to be quite free and still I fancy you must have been mistaken, MisS Hereford." I shook my head, but did not care to say much, after the notion that had taken possession of me. Words might lead to deeper questions, and I could not for the world have said that I know Edwin Barley. " Possibly you may be a little nervous to- night," he continued, ringing the bell I " and at such times the fancy considers itself at liberty to play us all sorts of tricks. My having told you what I did this morning relating to myself, may have taken hold of your image notion." " Oh, not it has not. "I shall be very sorry to have mentioned it, if it has. Believe me, there's nothing in that to disturb you. When you ran in at tea-time thought you looked scared. Close the shutters," he added, to the servant, who appeared in answer to his ring. " And if you will pardon my leaving you alone, Miss Horoford, I will wish you good night. I am very tired, and I have some writing to do yet." He shook hands with me and departed. Joseph bolted and barred the shutters, and I was left alone. But I went up to my room before 10 o'clock. Would Mr. Chandos-or his ghost, as the servants had it be out again that night in his somnambulist state? The subject had taken hold of my most vivid interest, and after an dressing I stood for a few minutes at the window in a warm wrapper, watching the grounds. Eyes and ours were alike strained, but to no purpose. No noise disturbed the house indoors, and all appeared still without. It might be too early yet for Mr. Chandos. But the silence told upon me. There was not a voice to be heard, not a sound to break the intense stillness. I began to feel nervous hurried into bed, and went to sleep. Not to sleep for very long. I was awoke suddenly by a commotion in the gallery outside. A loud, angry cry j reproachful tone ; all in the voice of Mrs. Chandos j they were followed by low, remonstrating words, as if somebody wished to soothe her. Were you ever aroused thus in the middle of the night in a strange, or comparatively strange, place ? If so, you may divine what was my terror. I sat up in bed with parted lips, unable to hear anything distinctly for the violent beating of my heart, and then darted to the door, putting on my slippers and my large, warm wrapper, before drawing it cautiously an inch open. It was not possible to make out anything at first in the dim gallery. Three dusky forms were there, having apparently come from the west wing, which I took to be those of Lady, Mr., and Mrs. Chandos. She, the latter, had her hair hanging down over a white wrapper ¡ and Mr. Chandos, his arm about her waist, was drawing her to her own apartments. It was by that I know him j who else would have presumed so to touch her his coat was off, his slippers were noiseless. The moonlight, coming in faintly on the gallery from above, made things tolerably clear, as my eyes got used to them. "You never would have told me," she sobbed, pushing back her hair with a petulant hand ; " you know you never meant to tell me. It is cruel cruel ! What am I here but a caged bird ?" "Oh, Ethel! Ethel! you will betray all!" cried Lady Chandos, in a voice of dire, reproachful tribulation. " To think that you should make this disturbance at night ! Did you forgot that a stranger was sleeping here that the servants may hear you in their rooms ? You will bring desolation on the house." Scarcely had they disappeared within the doors of the cost wing, when Mr. Olinndos came swiftly and suddenly out of his own chamber. It scarcely appeared a moment, yet he had found it sufficient time to finish dressing, for he was now fully attired. His appearing from his chamber, after disappearing within the east wing, established the fact that his room did communicate with it. Almost simultaneously' Hickons ran up the stairs from the hall, a light in his hand. Mr, Chandos advanced upon him, and peremptorily waved him back. " Go back to bed, sir. You are not wanted.' But as the light fell on Mr. Chandos' face, I saw that he was deadly pale, and his imperative manner seemed to proceed from fear, not anger. "I heard a scream, Mr. Berry," responded poor Hiokons, evidently taken to. " I'm sure I heard voices and He thought some thieves or villnitiB of that sort had got in, air." " Nothing of the kind, There's nothing whatever the matter to call for your aid Mrs. Olinndos is nervous to-night, and oriod out-it is not the first time it has happened, as you know. She is all right again now, and my mother is with her. Go back, and got your rest as usual." " Shall I leave you the light, sir ?" asked Hickons, perceiving that Mr. Olinndos had none. "Light? No. What do I want with a light? Mrs. Chandos' ailments have nothing to do with me." He stood at the head of the stairs, watching Hickons down, and listening to his quiet closing of the doors dividing the hall from the kitchen passages. Hickons slept down stairs, near his plate pantry. He was late in going to rest, as it was explained afterwards, and find heard the noise over-hood in the midst of undressing. Mr. Chandos turned from the stairs, and I suppose the Blender inch-stream of moonlight must have betrayed to him that my door was open. He came straight towards it with his stern, white face, and I had no time to draw back. He and ceremony were at variance that night. Miss Horoford, I beg your pardon, but I must request that you retire within your room, and allow your door to be closed," came the peremptory injunction. Mrs. Chandos is ill, and the sight of strangers would make her words. I will close it for you 2 I should so act by my sister, wore she bore." To shut it with his own time, and turned the key upon me. Turned the key upon me . Well, I could only submit, feeling very much ashamed to have had my curiosity observed, and scuttled into bed. Nothing more was heard ; not the faintest movement to tell that anything unusual had happened. But how strangely mysterious it all appeared One curious commotion, one unaccountable mystery according to another. I had heard of haunted castles in romances, of ghostly abboys ; but surely the events enacted in them could not be more startling than those til Chandos. Morning came. I was up betimes ; dreaded, road I found my room unlocked, and went out of doors while waiting for breakfast. Mr. Chandos pushed on his way from the house, and stopped. " Did I offend you last night, Miss Hope- ford ?" " No, sir." " Walk with me a few steps, when," he rejoined. I assumed the liberty of treating you as a sister as though you were Emily I thought you would have the good sense to understand so, and feel no offence What caused you to be looking from your door?" "The commotion in the gallery awoke me, sir, and I felt frightened. It was only natural I should look to see what caused it." "What did you see ?" " I saw Lady and Mrs, Chandos and I saw you, sir." " Anyone else ?" " No j not anyone also." For the space of a full minute Mr. Chandos never took his eyes from mc. It looked as if he questioned my veracity. I forgot Hiokons, sir ; I saw him. At least, in point of fact, I did not see him he did not come high enough j I only heard him." " Ah, yes !" he said, turning his gaze away, " Mrs. Chandos is one of our troubles. She is not in good health, and has disturbed as before in the same manner. The fact is, she is what j is called nervous ; moaning that she is not so collected at times as she ought to be. I am very sorry you were disturbed." " Pray don't think anything of that, sir. She feels strange, perhaps, now Mrs. Freeman is gone." " Yes, that is it. But it has very much upset my mother. Miss Hereford," ho resumed, after a pause, " I have a request to make to you." "What is it, sir?" "That you will leave off calling me 'sir.' It does not sound well on your lips." he said as he spoke And I blushed until I was ashamed of myself, " Have you any love for the appellation ?" " No, indeed ! But Madame de Mdlliasio--" " Just so," he interrupted. " I suspected as much. You would not have fallen into it yourself." "I don't know that, sir." "Sir?" " It was a slip of the tongue I used to say 'Sir' and 'Madam' to Mr. and Mrs. Peter. I was told to do so when I went there as gover- ness." " Well, you are not governess here, and we can dispense with it. Good morning !" he added, as we neared the gates. " It is too bad to bring you here and send you book alone." "Are you not coming to breakfast, sir?" Another ship. "My breakfast was taken an hour ago. I am going to see how Mrs. Freeman is. You will be condemned to make a solitary breakfast this morning. Good-bye !" A very pleasant one, for all that. It is pleasant to live amidst the luxuries of life. The face of a governess had been exchanged for the liberal table of Chandos. Not that I cared much what I ate and drank ; I was young and healthy j but I did like the case and refinement, the state and the innocent vanities pertaining to the order of the Olinndos world. Half sitting, half lying in the garden chair in the balmy sunshine, I partly read and partly dreamed away the morning. The house was within view ¡ servants and corners passed to it within hail ; cheery voices could be heard ; snatches of laughter now and again. On that side all was busy life on the other lay the silent mass of trees that surrounded Chandos. The sun was twinkling through their foliage ; the glorious tints of ruddy autumn lighted them up. A charming tableau ! Uncertain as my stay was, unusual, and perhaps undesirable in position for a young girl, I was beginning to feel strangely happy in it. Madam o do Mollisaio did not come ; another post in, that day, and no letter from her. And there 1 ent on, unconcerned, in my pretty lilac muslin, with the ribbons in my chestnut hair, watching the little birds as they How about sing- ing ; watching the gardener swooping up his forces at a distance and feeling more joyous than the morning. I ought not to have felt so, I dare Bay, but I did, and broke out into snatches of song is gay with the birds. Tra la la la j tra la la la! Mr. Chandos passed to the house with a quick stop, not seeing me. He was back, then ! 1 followed, for it was the luncheon hour, and I was not on a sufficient footing at Chandos to keep meals waiting. Hill was in the oak-par- lor, inquiring after the state of Mrs. Freeman. "Her state is this, Hill-that it admits no probability whatever of her returning here," said Mr. Chandos, throwing back his velveteen coat, for he was in sporting clothes. And well he looked in them ! as a tall, handsome man generally does. " There's a bother !" wnsniU'a retort. " Then some one else must be seen about Mr. Harry, without loss of time." "I suppose so. Things seem to be going tolerably cross just now." Cross and contrary," groaned Hill. " As they always do, I've noticed, when it's specially necessary they should go smooth. My lady was speaking about Miss White, you know, sir." " Yes. I'll go up and speak with my mother. But I must have something to eat, Hill." " The luncheon ought to be in, was Hill's reply. And she crossed to the ball and gave it a sharp pull. " Have you been walking to Mrs. Freeman's?" I waited of Mr. Chillidos, as he was quitting the room. " That would be a twenty-mile walk, there and back, he answered, turning to speak. I honored the omnibus with my company as for us the station, and then went on by train ; coming back in the same way." The luncheon was on the table when he descended from his mother's room, and he hastily and down to it. He was dressed differently li ion. "I will not invite you to take it with me," he observed, " for I must not sit five minutes, and can barely snatch a mouthful." " Are you going far ?" " Not very far ¡ but I wish to be home to dinner. That will do, Joseph ; you need not wait." " Let me wait upon you, Mr. Chandos," I said, springing up. " Very well. How will you begin ?" " I don't know what to begin with. I don't know what you want first." " Nor I. For I do not want anything at all just now. What have you been doing with yourself all the morning ?" " Working a little, and reading. Not Shake spear, but a play of Goldsmith's : ' She Stoops to Conquer, "Why, where did you pick up that?" he interrupted. " I did not know the book was about." " I saw it lying in the window-seat near the east wing, and dipped into it. After that I could not put it down again although it was not in the list of books you gave me." " You thought you would enjoy the mischief first, as the children do, whether the scolding curio afterwards or not." "Ought I not to have road it?" " You may read it again if you like. It is an excellent comedy ; more entertaining, I fancy, to road than to witness, though. Did you fall in love with Tony Lumpkin ?" " Not irrevocably. Here comes your horse round, Mr. Chandos." " My signal for departure And I believe I am speeding on a useless errand." " Is it on important one ?" " It is to inquire after a lady to replace Mrs. . Freeman of companion to Mrs. Chandos. Some- . one my mother knows ; a Miss White She was looking for such a situation a few months ago I but the probabilities are that she has found one." A strong impulse came over me to offer to supply the place until I should be called away by Madame de Mollisaio. Miss White ! she might be only a young person. If I could but make' myself useful, it would take away the compunction I felt at having been thrust upon them at Chandos. I spoke on the impulse of the moment, blushing and timid as a school girl. Mr. Chandos smiled, and shook his head. "It is not a situation that would suit you; or you it." " Is Miss White older than I ? " A little She is about fifty-six." " Oh ! but as a temporary arrangement, sir ? Until we have news from Madame do MellwjBie. I should like to repay a tithe of the obligation I am under to Lady Chandos." " A great obligation, that I No, it could not be. We should have you and Mrs. Chandos running into the shrubberies after sleepwalkers and ghosts, as it seems you did last night. Be sides," he added, taking up his gloves and rid- kingship, if you became Mrs. Chandos' companion, what should I do for mine ?" He nodded to me after he got on his horse ; a spirited animal, Black Knave by name ; and rode away at a brisk canter, followed by his groom. (to us contained.) > 