j ' LAW REPORT. SUPREME COURT. SITTINGS AT NISI PRIUS. OLD Court-house.-Saturday, March G. (Before His Honour the Chief Justice and a Special Jury of Twelve.). ALEXANDER V. JONES. TmitD Day. Mr. Fellows, Mr. C. A. Smyth, and Mr. Kerferd for the plaintiff ; Mr. Michie, Q.C. ; Mr. Higinbotham, Mr. J. H. Dunne, and Mr. Hartley Williams for the defendant. Charles Edwin Jones, examined by Mr. Higinbotham's am Commissioner of Railways in Victoria. I have held that office since 6th July last. There is a Government Gazette in court which will afford the necessary proof. I remember the mouth of February, 1867\. I remember seeing Alexander, the plaintiff, in that month. It was on the 12th February that I saw him. Mr. Higinbotuam.-Had you known him personally ? Witness.-I had seen him, but did not know his name. I knew him by his appearance, and had heard his name mentioned. When I saw him this time it was the first time that I saw him to know him and who he was Mr. HiaiNBOTUAM,-Was that the first time you had any conversation with him Witness had no conversation with him then. He was pointed out to me on the street. I never had any conversation with him that day at all, and never before. It was in Collins-street that I saw him. I was going along in a cab with Mr. Longmore and Mr. Graham Berry to see Mr. Jenner, and the plaintiff was pointed out. I remember Mr. Peterson calling on me. It was on the 13th the following day. he came to me in the Parliamentary Library, and said that Mr. Alexander wanted to see me. I said, "Where is bowl Mr. Peterson said, "At his office." I said, "Where?" and he replied, "The office is in Swanston-street ; it is the office of the Victorian Registration Society." I said, " If Mr. Alexander wants to see me he can come here." Mr. Peterson then went away. Some time after he returned, and said, "Mr. Alexander is at the White Hart, and wants to see you there." I replied then very tartly, "I don't want to see Mr. Alexander. If he wants to see me, he can come here." Mr. Hicinbotuam.--Did Mr. Alexander come over ? Witness.-He did. I saw him in one of the lobbies of the House, and I turned with him into the old library, since called the "Opposition room." I turned in there on his saying, " I want to see you about the meeting to-morrow night." He said he was afraid I should not get a hearing. Mr. Higinbotuam.-What was this meeting? Witness It was a meeting to denounce the tariff. He went on to say that he had come over to offer no assistance. I said, "What do you mean?" to which he answered, " Mr. Murray Smith is willing to go on the Elatlbrni with you to- morrow night," I told him that he talked like a fool, and that if I could not get a hearing without Mr. Murray Smith, Mr. Murray Smith being on the platform with me could not possibly help. He then said he would arrange to have a lot of lumpers there, and that ended the interview. I have now stated, as well as I can recollect, all that took place on that occasion. I have heard Mr. Alexander give his evidence. Mr. Higinuotuam.-Havo you heard Mr. Alexander say that he called on you in consequence of a communication from Mr. Randell, who had informed him that you were anxious to get up Opposition meetings 1 Witness I have heard him say so. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Is it true? Witness It is untrue. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Is it true that you said that if you had funds to get up meetings with, your influence with the working-classes would turn the scale against the Government? . Witness It is not true. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Did to tell you that he was instructed to raise money for the purpose? Witnesses never talked to me about money. When Mr. Alexander came to me he said, "I have come to offer you assistance." I thought he was going to offer money, but he did not offer money. Mr. Higinuotuam.-You asked him what he meant? Witness.-Yes. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Then I need not ask you if it is true, as Mr. Alexander says, that you replied, " How much ?" Witness.-Wheievor Mr. Alexander's statement differs from mine it is untrue. Mr. HiaiNBOTHAM.-Did Mr, Alexander say that he could raise money to almost any amount if the plans succeeded ? Witness No, he did not. If I had succeeded, there would have been no necessity to raise money. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Did you ask him to call at your house on the following day ? Witness.-I did not. It was not arranged that he should come to me at two o'clock on the following day. Mr. Hicinbotuam.-After this interview had you any, or if any, what, communications with Mr. Alexander during the remainder of that year, or down to July, 1868? Witness saw Mr. Alexander repeatedly after that. He called once at my house in Young-street, Fitzroy. I had changed my residence in June, 1867, from Gore- street to Young-street. Mr. Higinbotham. Can- you say if Mr Alexander ever entered the doors of your house in Gore-street ? Witness. Certainly never to my knowledge. In the meantime Alexander had soon mo repeatedly entering the House, and on several occasions had sent in his card to me, asking interviews in the lobby while the House was sitting. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Did you meet him Witness.- Sometimes I went down ; but I found that Mr. Alexander, on such occasions, merely wanted to proffer me advice as to the line of action I should take in the House ; after which I declined such interviews. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-At what time did Mr. Alexander call at your house in Young street ? Witness.-I cannot fix the date, but it was about the time that an action was taken in the police court against one of the members for Creswick, Mr. Wheeler. Mr. Higinbotham. That must have been after June, 1867. re Witnesses had not removed to Young street till then, so it must have been some time afterwards. However I cannot fix the date. He called on me on that occasion, to get some information relative to the charge against Mr. Wheeler. I think that was the only subject of conversation. Mr. Higinbotiiam,-What reply did you give? Witness did not give the information. I think he wanted me to give evidence at the police court, but upon that point I cannot be sure. A person named Johnson was, I think, with him on that occasion. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Do you remember any subsequent interviews? Witness. Yes, in the beginning of 1868, when he called upon me again in my house in Young-street. Mr. Hioindotham.-At your invitation? Witness No. He never called at my house by my invitation. Mr. Higinbotham What did he come about then ? Witnesses said he had been asked by his party to call on me to know if I would take the control of the general elections for them ; as if so, money would be no object. That was immediately before the general election. I told him that my policy and the policy of his party were exactly dissimilar, mind that I could have nothing to do with them. Mr. Alexander said that if I would only give up the Darling grant, they would meet me in every other particular. I replied that my views on the matter were settled, and then he went away. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Did you see Alexander aflerthntand before July, 1868? Witness. Repeatedly. Mr. Higinbotham. What were the subjects of our conversations ? Witness Generally politics. I cannot remember particular conversations. There was nothing to stamp them on my memory. Mr. Higinbotham. Did Mr. Alexander on any of these occasions, to your recollection refer to the conversation that took place on the 13th 11 February, 1867? Witness Do you mean the conversation in Parliament-house ? Mr. Higinbotiiam,-Yes. Witness No. Mr HiaiNBOTHAM.-Or refer to the payment of money ? Witness No. Generally the burden of li is song was that I was a very clever man, that his party considered that I was a very clever man, and that they would be glad to have my services. Mr. Fellows.-And you agreed with their opinion. Witness (laughingly certainly did. Mr. Alexander always spoke to me and of me in my presence in the most flattering terms. Mr. Higinuotuam.-Did he ever complain that you had not carried out any agreement with him Wit tuyn.-Never. Mr. Higinbotuam.-In point of fact from this time in February 1867, to July, 1868 a year and a half-had you as a public man supported the views of the party which Mr. Alexander was employed to represent? m . Witness had not. I find that in August. 1867, I made a speech in the House on the Darling grant Mr. Fkllows.-We do not want you to repeat what you Raid. We know you did not go against the Darling grant. Mr. Higinbotham. Lot me recall you to the first part again. On this occasion, when Mr. Alexander spoke to you about opposing the Darling grant, was any reference made to a pamphlet published by you ? Witness. Yes, he said he much regretted the tone I had taken on the Darling grant. That pamphlet was published in November, 1867\. I had also published a pamphlet in the September before. Mr. Hioindotham.-Do you know Mr. Joseph Wilkins Randell? Witness I do. In February, 1867,1 had known him about twelve years. I remember having a conversation with him on political subjects in February, 1867. I know the date. It was the evening of the day on which the budget speech was delivered, and after its delivery. It was the 5th February. We walked home together, or rather he walked home with me. I cannot say whether he joined me or I him. Mr. Higinbotham What took place between you ? Witnesses agreed with me in denounc- ing the tariff just introduced. He had, I believe, been in the Speaker's gallery during the time Mr. Verdon was making his speech, he mentioned several particulars in which the tariff would operate very injuriously on. our local industries, and instanced particularly the duty on piece goods and calico. I agreed with him that the tariff was one that ought to be opposed, and I stated further that I intended to oppose it. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Did you agree as to the grounds of your opinions 1 Witness To this extent. Mr. Randell said he was a free-trader, but would much rather have a thoroughly protective tariff than the mongrel tariff which had just been introduced. This style of conversation continued until we had reached my house, when he went in with me. He asked me whether there could not be an out-door agitation got up against it. I said Mr. Fellows.-Don't tell us. You might have had fifty conversations like that, but they would not be evidence. Mr. HiGiNiiOTnAM.-Well, then, have you heard Mr. Randell give a narrative of the conversations he alleges he had with you on the 1st February, from the top of Bourke street to the junction of Elizabeth and Collins streets? Witness I have heard that statement made by him. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Is it true that you walked with Randell, and had a conversation with him on that day ? Witness.-I do not remember. Certainly such a conversation as he describes did not take place between us on that day. Mr. Higinbotham Well, I will call your attention to the particular statements Mr. Randell has made. He says the conversation turned on the border duties question, and that you said that several members wore wavering. Did you make any statement like that? Witness I may have said that, but I do not believe I said it on that day to Mr. Randell. Mr. Higinbotham's it true what Mr. Randell says, that then, or at any time, you asked if he thought that the Free-trade League had any money to assist in carrying on an agitation against the Government ? Witness Mr. Randell says that I asked him that? Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Yes. Witness did not ask Mr. Randell any such question. Mr. Higinbotham.-Did you say to him, "You know that Mr. Langton is not the man for the business?'' Witness I may have said that, but not in the conversation as described by Mr. Randell I have said things equivalent to that many times. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Mr. Randell goes on to say that he said he did not think that the Free Trade League had any money, and that you replied that it was simply a question of money. He said, further, that you asked him. if he did not think that the soft-goods houses would subscribe something if they feltossurod that the Ministry could be put out. Witness asked no such question. On the 5th February Mr. Randell volunteered to contribute £5 to the expenses of an agitation if one was got up. That was the first conversation with Mr. Randell about money for 1 i) i t cul purposes. in saying that I mean the first conversation about that time, because years before I had frequently con- asked about political subjects in that way. That was when we were members of the committee that first brought forward Mr. Langton for East Melbourne. Mr. Higinbotham's it the case that you then said, or at any time said, to Mr. Randell, that no more unprincipled Chief Secretary than Mr. M'Culloch over hold office in this colony, and that Mr. M'Culloch kept a man named Brodie in his pay to disturb public meetings, and keep up an agitation in his favour? Witness No, I did not say so, , Mr. Fellow it-No Mr. Randell author? The statement was that Brodie was in the Post-office, and ostensibly in the public employment. (As the second version was confirmed by the judge's notes, Mr. Higinbotham admitted the connection, and remodelled his question accordingly Witness, With reference to that I may say that I was very angry with the Brodie arrangement, but I never made such a statement as that which was alleged at that date. After the 14th February I spoke in very con- temptuous terms of Brodie, who had disturbed the meeting at St. George's-hall. Mr. Higinbotham. and Mr. Randell tell you that you might rely on a certain sum of not less than £100, which would be forthcoming, and did he further tell you that he only took all this trouble as a business man in Collingwood ? Witness No. He did not say it to me then, or on any other occasion. Mr. Higinbotham You have heard Mr. Randell gave evidence of a second alleged convocation, I believe, at your house? Witness I did. Mr. Higinisotiiam.-Did Mr. Randell call at your house on the afternoon or evening of the day he spoke of the 1st February? Witness No. Mr. Higinbotham.-Have you heard Mr. Randell give this account of the interview which you say did not alto place? He says that he told you that you could rely on a certain sum of money being forthcoming that you pressed him to tell you the amount, that he said he believed it would not be less than £100, and that from his knowledge of the gentleman to whom he had spoken, it would be provided whether assistance was obtained from other sources or not. *. Witness.-He never made such a statement to me. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Mr. Randell further said that he told you that he was only taking all this trouble as a business man in Collingwood who was opposed to the M'Culloch Ministry, believing their policy to be inimical to the best interests of the colony. He says that you pooh-poohed his having any scruples, and said, " Mr. Francis only takes care for him (self. The Government railways exist only for Mr. Francis ¡ he monopolises all the best carriages for himself and his family." Witness I may have spoken of that about Mr. Francis on some occasion, but Mr Ran- doll was not there on the 1st February. Mr. HiaiNBOTHAM.-Mr. Randell also says that you had a number of papers on the table, and turned up a book alphabetically arranged, saying, " Here is a number of charges against Mr. Francis which I should like to have a chance of hurling at him 5" and that you said it was a sort of debtor and creditor account with every member of Parliament. Witness That is absolutely untrue. I never had such a book Mr. Higinbotham. Ho also says that he told you that Mr. Alexander would call upon you and give you the money. Witnesses never said anything of the kind. Mr. HiaiNBOTUAM.-Now. after the promise which you said Mr. Randell gave you on the 6th February, of £5, what was your next communication with him? Witness.- Mr. Randell had also spoken about giving me some samples of goods. Mr. Fellows.-Nothing was ever said about that here. Mr. niaiNnoTirAM.-You can only contradict what Mr. Randell says he or you said. Witness. My next communication with Mr. Randell was that he called on me again to talk about the tariff. Mr. Fellows.-On what day Witnesses cannot say. Mr. Higinbotham's cannot ask you what you said on that occasion. Mr. Fkllowb-The date is not fixed, I might be the very same day Mr. Randell mentioned. I make no objection. Witness It was some day after the 5th and before the 13th February. He again talked about the tariff. We spoke of the duty on kid gloves, and on those goods, he went on to say, the increase on the [price would amount to 6d. per pair, and that that would very seriously militate against their dealing in kid gloves. Mr. HiGINBOTHAM. Whose dealing? Witness. His and the people in his kind of business generally. Mr: Higinbotham.-Tell us all that took place. Witness.-He also promised to bring me some samples of material to illustrate how small a quantity of silk in any fabric would make a difference of five per cent, in the duty to be paid on the goods. I asked him to give me those samples as soon as possible, ' because I wanted to use them in the House. He was slow in providing me with those samples, and I afterwards wrote to him concerning them. The samples were eventually supplied to me. and I did use them in the House. I cannot remember that anything elso'tooklplncetat those conversations Mr. HreiNBOTHAM.-What was your next communication with him Witness, -On the 13th February, the day before the public meeting, I wrote to Mr. Randell to remind him. Mw Fellows. Ch; never mind what was in the letter, unless it was one of those spoken to.' Mr Higinbotham What became of the letter? Witness.-The letter has not been pro- ! duced; but it has been spoken about Mr. Higinbotham.-Was it what is known as the Paschal Lamb letter ? Witness.-Yes. I wrote it on my return home from Parliament House, on the 13th February, after seeing Mr. Alexander. Mr. Higinbotham.-It was after he had promised you the £5. Witness.-Yes. Mr. HiaiNBOTHAM.-How can you fix the date of that note as being on the 13th ? Witness Because it was after my return from Parliament House, and after receiving a note from Mr. Jenner saying that he could not preside at the meeting. Mr. Higinbotham,-That circumstance assists your memory, thou? Witness. Yes, it does, Mr. Jenner had been asked to preside, but, in fact, he did not and it was on the 13th that I knew he would not. Mr. Higinbotham. Did you hear from Mr. Randell after you wrote that first note? Witness Not before the meeting that took place on the following day. I wrote again to Mr. Randell, but, I believe, I did not write more than two letters to Mr. Randell about that time. Mr. Fellows.-Was the Paschal Lamb letter the first or second Mr. Higinbotham The first, and the other letter is the one that is not forthcoming. Witness.-The second letter was one press- ing him to get the samples that were to be used in the House. I cannot remember the terms. It was not a long letter. The occasion of my sending it was, that the samples had not been supplied before my first speech in the House, and I was obliged to use them afterwards in committee. I cannot tell how long a time elapsed between writing the first and second letter. I think it was likely that the interval was about a week. Mr. Higinbotham. and Mr. Randell call on you at your house on the day he received that note? Witness Concerning the samples? Mr.- Hioinbotham.-Have you heard Mr. Randell say that the same day he received the second note called on you, and said he was surprised at your not receiving the money, as Mr. Alexander had promised to call with it Witness.-He did not call upon me in consequence of the second letter. Mr.-Hioinbotham.- Did he call on you on any occasion, and say he was surprised that you had not received the money, as Alexander had promised to call with it? Witness No, he did not. Mr Higínbotuam.-Do you remember seeing Mr Joseph Wilkins Randell in a car going out to Collingwood? Witness I do. I cannot fix the date, but it was a short time after the meeting in St. George's-hall. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Then you are both agreed as to the date. Will you describe that interview ? Witness Mr. Randell hailed me, and stopped the car. I got up. I think I was going home from Parliament Houses. Mr. Randell referred apologetically to the contribution which he had promised, but which had not been paid. I said, "All right, all right," and changed, the conversation. A long conversation ensued, in which Mr. Jenner was spoken of-I think somewhat angrily by myself for not taking the chair at that meeting. Mr. HiaiNBOTHAM,-Did you hear Mr. Randell say in the witness-box that he said to you, Alexander has told me he has given you the money," and that you replied, "All right, old boy, but a much larger sum will be necessary if the thing is to be done effec- tually?" Witness heard Mr Randell make that statement. is untrue. Mr. HIGinbotham. Mr. Randell also said that he said he was glad you had got the money, and that the thing was settled that you replied, "Oh, yes, Alexander has given me the money, but a much larger sum will be necessary ;" that you added, in a jocular tone "The Jew was kind, but I told him he should borrow from some wealthy Tubal of his tribe and that you proceeded to say, "You know that if the thing is to be done, it can only be done by money. If this bristling Scotch hillock is to be removed, it can only be done by money." Is that true or false? Witness. False. Mr. Hioinbotham.-The whole or part ? Witness.-I would like to hear it read again. Mr. Higinbotham repeated his question, reading from The Argus report of Mr. Ran- dell evidence. Witness I deny it. All that is right there is the expression, "all right." Mr. Higinbotham.-Did you say the " thing was settled ? " Witness That is untrue. Mr. Higinbotham.-"That a much larger sum would be necessary?" Witness That is untrue. Mr. Higinbotham.-That you added, in a jocular tone, "The Jew was kind, but told him he should borrow from some wealthy Tubal of his tribe" ? Witness -That is untrue. Mr. Higinbotham.-That the thing was only to be done by money? Witness, All that is there is untrue, except that I got down at Mac's Hotel in Smith street, when I asked if he was to pay for the cab or I was to pay for it. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Was anything of the kind said Was any similar quotation used? Witness. Certainly not by me, and I do not think that any such quotation could have been used by me. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Could you have said, " If this bristling Scotch hillock is to be removed, it can only be done by money?" Witness I never heard the expression till I heard Mr. Randell state it before the Committee of the Legislative Assembly. Mr. niaiNBOTUAM.-Then you never used, the expression Witnesses never used it, nor anything like it. Mr. Hiqihboiham.-Mr. Randell says that he remarked that Mr. Jenner had not taken the chair at that meeting, and that you replied, "No, Jenner has not it is ft French expression 1 the courage of his opinions." Witness I did not use that expression. I may have said that Mr. Jenner had not sufficient courage. Mr. Higinbotham.-Had you any further communication with Mr, Randell on the subject of money ? Witness No. Mr. Randell never paid me that £5. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Did he ever pay you or speak to you about the £100, which was the least sum you were to receive ? Witness No, he did not. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Havo you heard of an action brought by Mr. Randell against you founded on this same letter that you wrote ? Witness.-Yes. I have heard him say, too, that there was an honourable understanding that the terms on which that action was set tied should not be divulged. Mr. Hioinbotham.-was that statement correct, and to what extent? Witness never asked nor received from Mr. Randell any undertaking to that effect I have no understanding with him to that effect. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-In fact, were the terms on which that action was settled kept a secret ? Witness No. Mr. Higinuotuam.-What wore the published terms? Witness That Mr. Randell asked me to withdraw my words. I have Mr. Randell! letters here. I received the first on the 16th: November, 1868, the day before the action was to have been tried. It is this "The Hall Collingwood, Nov. 16,1868. Hon. C. B. Jones. " Dear SIR-Having soon my explanation of the reasons which induced me to sell my shares in the Collingwood Gas Company, J desire to know whether you still adhere U the statement contained in your letter to the Age newspaper of the 10th of August lose, that I was convicted on indisputable evidence of deliberate, methodical, untruthful ness at a meeting of the Collingwood Gas Company's remain, dear sir, yours truly, J. W, Randell." I had seen an explanation in a letter of Mr. Ran dell's toitbo_ffe, in which he explained that he had referred to one brooch, of faith, and that Ambrose Kyte referred to another. I replied that I had considered his explana- tion, and was prepared to accept it, or words to that effect. I then received this letter : "The Hall, Collingwood, Nov. 16, 1868. Hon. C. E. Jones. "Dear Sirs-I am in receipt of your favour of this date, and am pleased with the admission contained therein and in return freely accept the finding of the committee of the Assembly in the political aspect of your case. " I remain, dear sir, yours truly, "J W. Randell." Mr. Higinbotham (handing in a copy of The Argus). This is a copy of your letter. Witness. Yes ; this is it \- "55 Young-street, Nov. 16, 1868. . "Dear Sir,-When I made the statement to which you refer I had lost sight of your explanation as to the Collingwood Gas shares and having fully considered your statement in a letter to the Age of 24th August, 1863,1 frankly admit that I am satisfied therewith, and withdraw the remarks made by me in relation thereto. ' ' I am, dear sir, yours faithfully, "0, E. Jones. J. W. Randell. Esq." Mr. Fellows.-That is not all Witness I have nothing to do with the rest, which is a mere editorial note. Mr. F-LLowa-You will have something to do with that presently. Mr. Higinbotham. We have heard of a good many editorial notes in this case. Witness.-Yes. I should observe that be sides this published letter there was an understanding that Mr. Randell's costs were to be paid, but the record was to be withdrawn by Mr Randell and the plea of justification was to remain on the record. Mr. Higinbotham Mr. Randell has made a statutory declaration the subject of these conversations ? Witnesses did. Mr. Higinbotham.-And you refer to it in the letter on which this action was founded ? Witness.-I did. Mr. Higinbotham.-Denying his statement? Witness I did. Mr. Hioinbotham.-And it was on that letter that the action was brought? Witness Partly. Mr. Higinbotham The other charge being one relating to the Collingwood Gas Company, which you withdrew ? Witness.-Yes; I withdrew that action because I was unable to got evidence where with to sustain my statement. Mr. HiGLNBOTUAJt.-And he withdrew the rest of it Witness.-Yes. Mr. Higinbotham.-Have you heard Mr. Alexander state when he brought you the sum of £60 you made an observation about the free-trade party ? Witness.-I heard that Mr. Higinbotham will not repeat the expression, but is it true that you ever used it to Mr. Alexander or any one else ? Witness No 2 nor did Mr Alexander say or intimate in any way before the committee that I had ever used such an expression. Mr. Higinbotham's it true or false that you have at any time received any sum of money whatever from Mr. Alexander? Witness It is false. Mr. Higinbotham.-On any account 1 Witnesses any account. Mr. Higinbotham,-When did you first hear of the charge being made by Mr. Alexander that you had received this money from him? Witness I think the day but one before the polling-day at the Ballarat election of July, 1868, when I was opposed by Mr. Deane, on the day of the meeting at Sol diers Hill. It was publicly brought up at a public meeting. The question was put to me by one of the agents employed on Mr." Deane's committee. I was told his name was Pasco. Mr. Alexander's name was mentioned. I cannot be sure if any statement of his was brought forward then in support of the charge, but the question was whether I had received £60, and it was scarcely altered in the form it took Mr. Higinbotham,-Did you give an answer to it at the time ? Witness.-I did. According to the report in the Ballarat Star I said even more. Mr. Higinbotham.-Was the report correct? Witness I do not know. I believe I could not have said what was in the Star, for that paper makes me say that I never received money from any other man or for any other purpose whatsoever. I think I did not say that, for if I did I was in error. Mr, Higinbotiiam.-Was the charge renewed during the election? Witnesses stated at that meeting that I should deal with the whole matter on the following night at the public meeting at the orderly room, the night before the polling-day. I did do so, and then adhered to my denial. In the meantime telegrams had been received from Mr. Alexander, and I think from Mr. J. W. Randell and Mr. Rees, and published. They were published before the meeting was held at the orderly room on the morning of that day, I think. In about a week or ten days afterwards I wrote a reply. A Juryman. Did you keep a banking account in February, 18071 Witness.- I did. Juryman Will you oblige us with the name? Witness The Bank of Australasia. Juryman Will you give us an extract from your bank-book for that month The Judge. I cannot call upon the witness to do that Mr. Fellows.-But the defendant can do it if he likes. Witness I can produce the pay-slip. Juryman. Wo should be glad to see the moneys received and paid at that time. Witness I shall be glad to give the information. I called at the bank this morning to endeavour to obtain the passbook to bring it with me ; but I was told that I could no get it, to Another Juryman. Wo would like a copy of the debtor and creditor account. The defendant undertook that all the in formation asked for should be produced The examination-in-chief was then resumed Mr. UiGiNBorHAM.-You say that Mr Alexander was never to your knowledge a your house in Gore-street 1 Witness.-Yes. Mr. HiGiNBOTnAM.-Can you say if ever he was in your house in Young-street, or in any house of yours in company with Mr Longmore ? Witness. Certainly not. He was twice in my house in Young-street once in company with a person named, I think, Johnson. Mr. Higinbotham But never in company with Mr. Longmore ? Witness No. Mr. IIioiNBOinAM.-And never with Mr. Longmore ? Witness No. Mr. Alexander said once in my hearing before the Parliamentary com- mitted, that he thought he once met John Edwards, the younger, at my house in Young street, but that is not true. I have hear Mr. Kidney give his evidence. Mr. Higinbotiiam.-Do you recollect meeting Mr. Kidney on the day of the ire banquet? Witness I did not meet him. We walked together from the free banquet to Fitzroy. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Stato to the best of your recollection what took place. Witness. We were talking about politics about Mr. Langton, and about the statement that had obtained currency that the last general election had cost £20,000, Mr. Hioinbotham.-Cost whom? Witness Cost the free-trade party. That is over £1,000 per member. Mr. Kidney has been in Mr. Langton's committees with me it I think, 1864, when Mr. Langton stood for East Melbourne. In consequence, Mr. Lang ton was with us common property. W talked of him, and what he could and could not do. Mr. Kidney said that I was a very much better road at that sort of work that Mr. Langton was, and that he wished two with them, and that I ought to be with them I replied that there was their policy between us. I endeavoured to ascertain from, her whether the former general election has really cost £20,000. I said to him' that of former general election had cost less than £2,000. and that I did not know how the could legitimately spend more than £5,)0. said that even if £100 were spent on ever seat, it would be less than £8,000. The conversation was mainly carried on by M: Sydney., Mr. BiorNBOTBAM.-Is that all that you can remember? Witness No. Mr. Higinbotham,-State it all. Witness. Further, I suggested to her that their expenses mounted up in election from the fact of their having such large con mittens, and every member ordering exper I future, instead of their being kept -within narrow bounds,, the number of persons who were able to incur expenses being fewer. I said, "For any purpose, it we could agree in our policy. Randell, you and I could ma- nage the entire elections of the colony." Mr. Higinbotham's that all that you remember? Witnesses is all that occurs to me just now. Mr. Hicindotham.-Did you hear Mr. Kidney say among those complimentary observations to you, that he knew there were things which you would not hesitate to resort to which Edward Langton's sensitive nature would shrink from. Witnesses never made any such statement to me. He did not refer to Mr. Langton's sensitive nature at all, and I should have laughed at him if he had. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Did you hear him say in the box, that when you two parted you said, holding up your hand, " Tell your party from me that for £5,000, I can get them a majority, and for £8,000 a good working majority and that I think myself, yourself, and Mr. Randell, would be a sufficient committee to conduct the whole thing." Witness I did not say so. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Nor anything to that effect? Witness Only to the effect I have now stated. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Did you authorise Mr. Kidney to make any communication! to his party ? Witness No, I did not. But two or three days after that, Mr. Alexander called on me to ask if I would take the command of their party during the general election, saying that money should be no object. That was the general election of February, 1858. Mr. Hioinbotham.-Were you a candidate at that general election yourself ? Witness.-I was. I stood for Ballarat East, and I was opposed by Mr. Humffray, who had the support of the party which Mr. Alexander represented. There were three candidates for two seats, and consequently Mr. Humffray may be said to have been as much in opposition to Mr. Dyte as he was to me. I opposed Mr. Gillies in the following May, when he took office as Minister of Lands. Mr. Higinbotham.-You did not succeed in February ? Witness That is a matter still for consideration by the Committee of Elections and Qualifications. It was in Ballarat West that 1 stood against Mr. Gillies, and diametrically in opposition to the party represented by Mr. Alexander. After that I was returned again for Ballarat, after my appointment as Minister. I had before this, and after my election for Ballarat West in opposition to Mr. Gillies, and on my return to Melbourne, heard that Mr. Kidney had said that I had received £100 from the Constitutional party to pay my election expenses at Ballarat East. The witness was then cross-examined Mr Fellows.-Do you recollect being prosecuted for perjury at the City Police Court ? Witness.-I do. Mr. Fellows.-How long ago ? Witness.-I think it might be in 1861 or 1862\. I cannot be precise. Mr. Fellows.-What was your defence to the charge? Witness First, that I had never made any such statement as that which was alleged, on oath and secondly, that I had never made such a statement at all, and the charge was dismissed. Mr. Fellows.-Ypu read and corrected the evidence given by you before the Parliamentary committee before it was published? That evidence was correct? Witness. Yes that evidence was correct. Mr. Fellows Did you state this before the committee "The evidence which was adduced by me in clearing myself from the imputation was given by Councillor, afterwards Alderman, Hill; by Mr. Heales, the father of the then Chief Secretary A and by other men of character and standing, who were able to show, first, that the statements imputed had never been made by me, and next, that if they had been made, they had not been made on oath" ? Witness. Yes, that was the case. Mr. Fellows.-How, if it had been made made on oath ? Witness,- The case was dismissed. I admit that the letter on which the present charge of libel is founded, is directed against Mr. Rees as well as the other, and he sued me and got a verdict. Mr. Fellows.-The letter stated, " Touch- ing Mr. Rees, those who are acquainted with the reasons why he ceased to be town clerk at Williamstown will not require any statement from me," did it not Witness, Yes. Mr. Fellows.-Now, do you recollect being asked at that trial who had given you the information against Mr. Rees ? What answer did you give? Witness That I could not name anybody. Mr. Fellows.-Can you name anybody now? Witness.-Yes. John Rees. Mr. Fellows.-Could you not recollect that then? Witness I do not remember. I should not have had a verdict against me if I had remembered that it was his connexion with the Railway Department, and not the Williamstown town-clerkship, that was so dis- creditable. It was a mere mistake. Mr. Fellows.-Now, did you not state at Ballarat, on the 28th July, 1866, just before this last election, when Mr. Serjeant, formerly member for Ballarat West, brought forward some charge, that you would see him in the police court, and take criminal proceedings? Witness, Yes. Mr. Fellows.-Did you do it Witness No ; I did not. Would you like to have my reasons ? Mr. Fellows.-I don't want them. Did you know a person named Nash, some four or five years ago ? Witness.-I knew three persons of that name. Mr. Fellows,-That you had many transactions with Witness. Yes, with all three. Perhaps you will give the Christian name ? Mr. Fellows.-I do not know it. Are all the liabilities in his respect settled? Witness They are. Mr. Fellows.-There are no outstanding liabilities against you on his account ? Witness There are no outstanding liabilities against me. Mr. Fellows.-Were you in the habit of giving cheques? Witnesses was. Mr. Fellows.-Woro they paid by you ever, or by the bank ? Witnesses the bank. Mr. Fellows.-Always? Witness Generally. I cannot say always. Mr. Fellows.-Have you ever paid a cheque yourself ? Witness-I have. Mr. Fellows.-Havo you always taken the cheques up from the persons who held them, or left any outstanding Witness I have always paid them. Mr. Fellows.-Then if Mr. Nash has an outstanding cheque of yours, is it settled or not? ' Witness Do you mean to ask if I have ever had a cheque dishonoured ? Mr. Fellows.-No, that is not my question. I asked you if you met your cheques yourself or at the bank. You replied that when you took up a cheque you always received it from the person who had it. Witness That is not correct, for I have had them dishonoured. Mr. Fellows.- I did not put my question on that ground at all. I want to know if you have left any cheques outstanding that might be negotiated against you, Witness No, I do not owe any person of the name of Nash any money. Mr. Fellows.-If he has a cheque of yours, can you account for it? Witness If I saw it I could. Mr. Fellows.-You could tcU without that if, as you say you do, you always take up the cheques which you pay yourself? Witness There was a person named Nash in my employ. I may have given a cheque and put his name upon it instead of writing self." I never owed any person of the name of Nash any money. Mr. Fellows.-But what becomes of the money? Would it be cashed? What did you give it to him for? Why put his name on it, except for the purpose of sending him with it to the bank ? Witness.-I really don't know. Mr. Fellows.-Can you account for such a thing as Nash having a cheque of yours now payable to him Witness No, not without my memory being refreshed. Mr. Fellows.-I only put the question to you because you say you have always taken up your cheques, and got them from the persons who held them against you. How could such a cheque be in existence and there be no liability? Witness There is no liability. I do not owe him anything, If Nash got any cheque signed by me, and Nash has not been paid, the question would then remain whether the money was due to Nash or not. Mr. Fellows.-But you said the money was not due. Witness I cannot give any explanation unless I see the cheque. Mr. Fellows,-How will'that enable you to tell? ' Witness It will rot fresh my memory. Mr. Higinbotham What is the date ? Mr. Fellowb.-J 802. Witness. Nash was in my employ then. If he has a cheque of mine I will pay it. Mr. Fellows.-Do you recollect seeing this letter in The Argus, headed "The Mayor and Mr. C. E. Jones, some time in 1861 ? Witness.-I saw it. Mr. Fellows. (Handing the paper to the associate). Please read it. The clerk read as follows, from a copy of the Argus, November 13, 1861 THE MAJOR AND MB.. O. E. JONES. "To the Editor of The Argus. " Sir. Personally I should take no notice of the letter of Mr. C. E. Jones in your issue of this morning, nor do I mean to enter into controversy with him on what is merely a question as to whose word-his or miners i more worthy of belief ; but in duty to the high office which I hold I feel bound to state the simple truth-that, having personal acquaintance with Mr Jones, who for some time made my clothes, I recently conversed with him on several occasions on corporate politics, gave him a copy of the Corporation Acts Amendment Bill, at his invitation accompanied him on a visit to Mr. Bayles when a candidate for Lonsdale Ward, and discussed the merits of the candidates for the mayoralty and finally, on Tuesday last, I called at Mr. Jones's shop, at his request went into his parlour; "and there was told by him that he held promises from the members of the City Council elected in the interest of the Corporation Reform Association to vote for the candidate as mayor whom he should recommend, and that he was at present in in any of money ; if I would lend him £200, he would insure me those votes, and that they should support £1,000 a year as the mayor's allowance. I told him I could not do so, if for no other reason because I should he giving a certainty and he only promising an uncertainty. He then said that it I mentioned his proposal he should simply deny it. I left him, told what he had proposed to several gentlemen during the same day and on Saturday morning to a number of the members of the City Council, who were assembled to decide finally whom to elect as mayor, but without mentioning Mr. Jones's name, when Councillor Caple at once said that he could name the person, and did so, having heard Mr. Jones make a similar declaration in respect to a conversation as to the mayoralty that if what he had said were mentioned he should simply deny it I am, sir, your very obedient servant, Robert Bennett, Mayor. Mr. Fellows.-Did you ever proceed against Mr. Bennett for that villanous libel ? Witness.-I intended to do so. Mr. Fellows.-But you did not do so ? Witness No, I did not. Would you like to hear my reasons? Mr. Fellows.-I don't care for them. Witness I shall give them. I ascertained that Robert Bennett was not worth powder and shot. Mr. Fellows.-But it would not cost Is. when he is in that dock. Witnesses I proceeded against Bennett there would have been simply his statement against mine, and that, you know, would not procure a conviction. Mr. Fellows. know it would, if you were believed Mr. Higinbotham.-No, it would not. Mr. Michie,-You know that as well as anybody else. Witness. Instead of that I challenged Robert Bennett to an inquiry, and Robert Bennett shirked that inquiry. The inquiry went on, however, notwithstanding that he shirked it, and the decision of those who inquired was unanimously in my favour. Mr. Fellows.-In the absence of Bennett? Witness No. He was not absent. Mr. Fellows.-At that time, in November, 1861, were you in pecuniary difficulties ? Witness Not more than usual. Mr. Fellows.-I don't know what your chronic state is I want to know what it usually was then. Witness I have scarcely ever known any person in the tailoring business who was not in want of money. Mr. Fellows.-Were you pressed for money then? Witness Not more than usually. Mr. Fellows.-Were you borrowing money? Witness.-Yes. Mr. F-LLOws.-At what rate of interest Witnesses high as 40 percent. Mr. 1 fellows, At that time ? Witness No, not at that time. Mr. Fellows.-But I am speaking of that time. Witness I borrowed money, £100 at 26 per cent., but at the end of the month, in preparation for the next month, I borrowed another £100. Mr. Fellows.-What dates? Witness I really could not tell you. Mr. Fellows.-At what interest? Witnesses have told you, 26 per cent. Mr. Fellows.-Were you obliged to give security? Witnesses could not get the money so cheap without. Mr. Fellows.-What was that security ? Witness.-The security was cloth-just my general stock-in-trade. Mr. Fellowb,-Had it been paid for at the time you pawned it? Witness Yes. Mr. Fellows.-All of it Witness I really could not be sure. Mr. Fellowb.-Then don't answer if you are not sure. Witness.- I really could not be sure, because out of a dozen pieces there might be one paid for by an acceptance which had not matured. At that time, too, if I wanted renewal I could get it. If necessary, I could borrow a cheque from time to time. Mr. Fellows.-Did you repay the loans you borrowed, and how long did they remain due? Witness paid £80 and then forfeited the security. Mr. F'ellows.-Was it all paid over ? Witness.-I assume that it was. Shall I tell you why ? Mr. Fellows -If you want to you may. Witness Because the persons who originally lent the money sued me to recover what they called an unliquidated balance, and they withdrew the record, paying all costs. Mr. Michie.-And who was your counsel? Witnesses. Fellows was my counsel. (Laughter in court.) Mr. Michie.-Of course this explanation is quite new to him, Mr. Fellows.-Do you know what the defence was Witness I think my counsel knows. Mr. Fellows. Perhaps I do, but I ask you first. Was it anything to do with the defect in the plaintiff's title to come into court ? Witness.-I don't know what are the legal terms of the defence. The pleas were drawn, evidence prepared, and all proceedings taken. My defence, divested of all formality, was that the goods had been deteriorated by being kept so long, and that I had called on the persons who hold those goods, and had held them for two years, to sell them a long time before that, in order that they might hand over the balance in my favour after they had been paid. Nevertheless, they held those goods until they were moth-eaten and completely valueless. I had paid them money on account, on the promise that some of the goods should be returned to me, and then they refused them. Mr. Fellows.-I never heard of such a defence to an action for debt, but, of course, if you say so, why then I can say no more. Now, was not the defence that the plaintiff had not got a pawnbroker's licence ? Witness I think that was suggested by counsel. Mr. Fellows.-And do you call that paying a debt satisfying a claim ? Witness.-I don't believe that was one of the press. I believe the plea was that the licence was antedated. Mr. Fellows.-It is the same thing, a defect in the licence. A new way to pay old debts. Do you recollect telling the Ballarat electors, at the last election, "I stand before you to-night occupying the position to which I have aspired for years ?" Witness. Yes, I recollect saying that Mr. Michie There is nothing disgraceful in that Mr. Fellows,-Did you over know a person named Fisher? Witness.-Yes. Mr. Fellows.-Aro you in the habit of corresponding with each other 1 Witness.-Yes. Mr. Fellows.-What about? Witness. All sorts of things. He was a member of the same masonic lodge as myself. Mr. Fellows.-Anything monetary? Witness Fisher was manager of the Mont de Piete institution, to which you were referring, and, as I understood, a large proprietor in the concern. Mr. Fellows.-I ask what you corresponded with him about Witness I really cannot tell you. I can- not remember whether there were any other transactions but those mentioned. Mr. Fellows.-Did you ever correspond with Fisbel. Witness I really do not know what you mean. Mr. Fellows.-About, the payment of money-a long correspondence ? , Witness I think there was. I repeatedly asked Fisher to get those goods sold. < I had a long correspondence about that with him. I also wrote to him to assist me. Mr.' FellowbT-You complained in your correspondence of their holding the goods? Witness In some portion of the correspondence I certainly did. Some portion consisted of dunning letters to Fished for money due from him to me. Mr. Fellows.-That was not on behalf of the company? Witness No. Mr. Fellows.-And you consider this claim satisfied by the withdrawal of the record and the paying of the costs ? May I ask you when the action was brought ? , Witness.-The record is in court. I really cannot tell you. Mr. Fellows.-Not even what year? Witness.-The record is in court. Mr. Fellows -These transactions you were having with Fishel these two loans of £100 did you know at the time that he was playing false with his directors ? Witness No, I did not. Mr. Fellows.-Did you learn it after? Witnesses never learned any such thing. Mr. Fellows.-Not that he was concealing from the board of directors the fact of those negotiations with you? Witness Mr. Fisher, at the time of these transactions, asked me if I wanted them to appear in my own name. I said, "Just as you like ; it makes no difference to me." Well," no said, "I don't want my directors to know with whom I am doing business. I lend money to all the principal merchants in town, and they don't like their names to appear in my bank. It is possible, of course, that Fisher was playing false. Mr. Fellows.-You knew it, did you not Did you not help him in cheating his directors? Mr. Michie.-How can changing a name cheat the directors ? Mr. Fellows.-But suppose the directors knew nothing of it all? Witness knew nothing of it. Mr. Fellows.-Never at any time? Witness Never at any time. I will tell you why. Fisher asked me to give my acceptance as concurrent security, in order to satisfy the creditors in case the full amount was not realised. That acceptance was given in my own name, as a matter of course. Mr. Fellows.-When was that? Witness Some time in November. Mr. Fellows.-Did he ever ask you to re- deem the goods ? Witness It is just possible that he did, immediately before the action was taken. I cannot say. I think the action was in 1864 : it may be 1863. Mr. Fellows here produced a brief in the action alluded to-Michael Curtain and others v. C. E. Jones. He read one of the pleas, which set forth that Louis Fischel had been carrying on the business "without having previously obtained a licence for the same." Witness That is not my plea. Mr. Fellows.-Now, are you aware how long it was that Fisher kept your name from the board? Witness I do not know that Fisher kept my name from the board, I never know it. Mr. Fellows.-Are you quite sure of that Witness. How can I be quite sure? Mr. Fellows.-Did Fisher ever inform you? Witness.-Fishellrold mohehad put another name in the book, as he did not want the directors to know' He implied that he was keeping my name from the directors. Mr. Fellow said he ever say so ? Witness.-I cannot say. Mr. Fellows.-Will that refresh your memory ? Did you ever see that Witness. Certainly. Mr. Fellows, Now, then, did he ever tell you that he was keeping your name from the directors? Read it. Witness then read the following document : " Wednesday, Nov. 11, '63. Mr. C. E. Jones. " Dear Sir,-The Month's Grace is now up, you must therefore make some arrangement To Day To Redeem The Goods as I do not wish To Give your name To The Board or The Acceptances. The Directors as more than once Lately Drew my Attention To The Interest on The Goods, not any having been ed for some considerable Time, please Send me word To-day what I am To do. " The Interest due is a Principle is making in all 2 " Your early answer will oblige, " Your's c, " Lewis Fisiibl." Witness To this I find my answer on the same piece of paper to be " My dear Sir,-You will perceive that you have not given me the information for which I some time since applied to you. Please supply the omissions, and you will much oblige me. Also please let me call your attention to the fact that if you now hold more than one acceptance of mine, one was given in liquidation of the other, which was to have been returned or destroyed. Believe me, my dear sir, yours faithfully, "C E. Jones. L. Fisher, Esq." Mr. Fellows.-You see you did know that he was keeping it from the directors. Witness So it appears. Mr. Fellows (handing up a cheque) Look at that. What is the history of that? The cheque was as follows: "No. 13.477. " Melbourne, April 21 1862. The Bank of Australasia Pay Mr. Nash or bearer fifty pounds sterling. "£60. C. F. Jones." Witness That gives the commencement of a history, I should say that an acceptance for £100 was given as concurrent security. It appears to have become due and overdue, as it was drawn at two months. Fisher applied to have that £100 acceptance renewed, and another acceptance for £50, and this cheque for £50, with the understanding that it was not to be used. It was given to Fisher in order to make him keep right with the directors. I may say that though Fisher implied that the directors knew nothing at all about it, I had for a long time discovered that he was so inveterate a liar that I could not believe what he said. As, I for instance, Fisher told me that that ac ' ceptance for £100 was destroyed. The last communication I had with him was that he had not destroyed it, and that he would pay it into another man's hands, so that I should be sued on it. Mr. Fellows.-Did you say that that letter was the commencement of a history? Witnesses you are simply trying to have me at advantage Mr. Fellows, you can get it easily. I said it was the beginning of a history that refers to an acceptance that was said to have been destroyed. So that supplies the history of that cheque. The bill for £100 was given in November, 1861. Mr. Fellows.-Did you not give two bills for £100,? Witnesses believe not. I am assure of that as I am of anything that is not before my eyes. Mr. Fellows.-Did you in November, 1861, give two bills for £100 each ? Witness.-I believe not. Mr. Fellows.-Did you give any other bill in that November? Witness I believe not. I do not think I did anything of the kind. Mr. Fellows (handing up a paper-mill you look at that letter, and see if your belief continues the same. Witness (after reading). My belief is not the same. Mr. Fellows.-That is your writing ? Witness. Yes it is. Mr. Fellows.-Read it. Witness (reading) Nov. 26 1861. My dear SIR-I enclose your acceptance for £200, at three months. I find, according to the printed memo., I am charged 10s. per week instead of 6s. or 8s., the sum named. I suppose that was an oversight. Hand me l O. U's at your convenience. I suppose you wanted both amounts in one acceptance. _ "Believe me, my dear sir, yours faithfully, C. E. Jones. L. Fischer, Esq." That about 6s. or 8s. per week described the fact but not the promise. This was an instance of the untruthfulness of Fishes Mr. Fellows.-Was not Fisher's arrangement to let you have money lower than he ought? Witness I know he told me he had discretion. Mr. Fellowb.-But how do you explain about this acceptance for £200 and the cheque for £200. Put them together, with you ? Witness.-I cannot. Mr. Fellows.-You did it before you got that letter in your hand. Witness It was exactly the same arrangement. There might be other acceptances and other cheques given to make up the amount. You must observe that all this occurred years ago in 1861. As it was not to be met it did not strike me to be so very particular about this. It was simply to be held as collateral security. Mr. Fellows.-That is why I want you to connect the two I asked you about Nash, and Nash's name is there. Witness. I told you I might have written "Nash" instead Of self." Mr. Fellows.-How do you account for it Witness said if I gave the cheque to Nash, i Mr. Fellows.-But can you not explain it? Witnesses I am not allowed to refresh my memory I cannot explain this. It was a very trivial circumstance. Mr, Fellows.-Cid you not pay that debt? Witness I consider that they got more than they were entitled to. Mr. Fellows.-The negotiation went on between you and them for some time 1 Witness.-Yes. Mr. Fellows.-Did you over ask them to sell the goods ? Witness. -Yes. Mr. Fellows.-In writing ? < Witness I cannot say. It is likely I did. Mr. Fellows.-The goods were, sold in May, 1864 ? Witness.-I really don't know. I have heard of their being sold, but I have nothing to fix the date in my memory. Mr. Fellows.-Did you carry on business after that I Witness I cannot tell you, I think I did. Mr. Fellows.-What were your liabilities at that time? Witness That I cannot tell you. Mr. Fellows.-Were the greater than the assets? Witness. Yes, Mr. Fellows.-To any extent do you know? Witness If I had been enabled to work out the assets myself I think I should have had, within a few shillings in the pound, enough to satisfy every one. Mr. Fellows.-But as you did not do that the creditors were not satisfied ? Witness Some of them were not paid in full, and were not satisfied. Mr. Fellows.-Had your financial condition so improved before the end of the year 1864 as to enable you to pay your creditors? Witness I cannot say. I think it was in 1864 that one of my creditors bought the estate bought the other creditors out. 1 paid him his demand in full, with 10 per cent. interest and commission, and the amount he had paid all the creditors, with 10 per cent, interest and commission. Mr. Fellows.-When did you pay that Witness I think I finished paying him-] cannot be certain-it might have been the latter part of 1864. It might have been 1865, but I don't think it was later. Mr. Fellows.-AVhat business were you carrying on to enable you to pay that money Witnessing 1804, as long as I was carrying on business at all, I was carrying on the business of a tailor. Mr. Fellows.-AVhen did you give it up? Witness I cannot remember; but certainly at a later period of the year, I cannot tell you the exact date at which the estate was bought. I worked out a portion of the estate under the purchaser's direction. Mr. Fellows. What was the result of your finish, financially? Witness I was enabled to pay him nearly all, and he had security over my furniture for the remainder of his debt. He continued to hold that until I had paid him off. I cannot tell you the period. I think it was in 1865. Mr. Fellows.- At the end of that time you offered yourself as a candidate at Ballarat ? Witness Yes. Mr. Fellows.-AVho paid your expenses ? Witness. My constituents. Mr. Fellowb.-Anybody else? Witness Nobody that I know of. Mr. Fellows.-Any association in Melbourne Witness No. Mr. Fellows.-Not the Orange Association? Witness No. Mr. Fellows.-You never got £40 from them? Witness No. Mr. Fellows.-Do you swear that? Witness. Do you ask if I received £40 in that way from the Orange Association ? Mr. Fellows.- Yes. Witness. Well, I never did. I did not quite understand your question at first. Mr. I'ellows.-You were elected ? witnesses was, Mr. Fellows.-Do you recollect saying at the last election for Ballarat words to this effect I have to say then, on my word of honour as a gentleman, that I never received £60, or any other sum from Mr. Moses Alexander or any other man, or any other set of men, from or on behalf of the Constitutional Association or any other association, for such purpose as is alleged, or for any other purpose whatever, as I stand before my Maker." Witness Yes ; I have already said that if that is a correct report as to that answer I was wrong. Mr, Fellows.-In what respect? Witness inasmuch as I am made to say there that I never received any money from any person for any purpose whatever. Now I have received money for party purposes. Mr. Fellows.-Did you never ceive money for a political purpose ? Witness Never for a corrupt purpose. Mr. Fellows.-1 have never heard any insinuation that it was a corrupt purpose. Witness I did not intend to say that I have never received money for any political purpose. Mr. Fellows.-Do you recollect while you were a member of the Legislative Assembly receiving money for a political purpose ? Witness.-Yes. Mr. Fellows.-In connexion with an election? Witnesses received £400 a year. Mr. Fellows.-Oh, I do not mean the whip money. Witness Will you refresh my memory? Mr. Fellows.- Surely you can remember a thing of that kind-a member of the Legislative Assembly taking money ? Witness For what purpose? Mr. Fellows.-Connected with an election -anybody's election. Witnesses received from my constituents £50. Mr. Fellows.-Did you receive any certain sum of money while a member of the Legislative Assembly on behalf of any candidate? Witness.- I did not receive any money while a member on account of any services rendered by me on behalf of any candidate. Mr. Fellows repeated his question. Witness I cannot understand what you are driving at Mr. Fellows.-For any constituency not your own for any purpose ? Witness No, I don't remember anything of the kind. Ml-Fellows.-Did you go to Maldon? Witness. Yes, I did. Now I remember. There was an election going on, and I was a member of the House at the time. Mr. Fellows.-What did you get? Witness got £50 to take up to Lieut. Amsinck to pay his deposit. I paid it to him. Mr. Fellows.-Did you not got £20 from Lieutenant Amsinck for your own pocket? Witness No, I did not. I never received £20 from Lieutenant Amsinck or on his account, or any other sum, besides that £50. I cannot say if £50 given to Lieutenant Amsinck to pay his election expenses passed through my hands or not. To the best of my belief it did not but if it did, it went to him. Mr. Fellows.-What were the costs in Randell's action ? Witness £250. It was to have been £150, but for Ambrose Kyte dying, when I could not get him for a witness. I got no receipt. I did not pay the money myself. Mr. Fellows.-You saw a paragraph at the bottom of the editorial note in The Argus to your letter in that case. Was that true ? Witness.- I don't know. Mr. Higinbotham. What is the note ? Witness (reading.) "N. Thewords'nnd withdraw the remarks made byrne in rela- tion thereto, ' were added in another hand. The words 24th August, 1863, were written openly in court." Mr. Fellowb.-So you signed with the date not filled up? Witness I don't recollect The statement that the words " and withdraw the remarks made by me in relation thereto," were added in another hand is an untruthful statement. The date was left blank. Mr. Fellows.-Do you recollect being in Mr. Butler's office in Collins-street when Mr. Williams was there. Witness I don't recollect. Mr. Fellows.-It was about the time of the " Quieting Titles Bill." \- Witness I think I was not there. I can- not be sure. Mr. Fellows.-You know what has been said about a supposed visit of yours to that quarter? Witness I have heard it stated, but not openly. I have never been able to trace the author. I have never denied it publicly, not having had the opportunity. The newspapers were not open to me, because the thing had not appeared in a newspaper.' Mr. Fellows.-There is the Age, you know. It is a serious charge to go uncontradicted, -discreditable, I think, to both giver and re- ceiver. Witness I have heard that Mr Fellows was .the.isquatters' advocate in the Upper House, but I never heard that he denied the rumour. Mr Fellows.-I never did ; but I don't see that the cases are at all the same. Witness. They are exactly parallel case... Mr. Fellows.-This was a charge of ¡r^j¡4; ing a bribe. < Witness heard that you received bribes,. too. Mr. Michie. And I heard it too, and know how absurd the notion was. Witness believed it then, and I believe it now. Mr. Fellows.-Then you did not get £200 from Mr. Butters? Witness I did not. Mr. Fellows.-It was told that Mr. Butters said, "that man has walked out £200 richer than when he came in." h> that a lie too? » Witness. Yes it is. I have endeavoured to trace it out. I asked Mr. Butters if he had ever said anything of the kind ; I also spoke to Mr, Casey concerning it. Mr. Fellows.-But you never openly denied it. Witness. Yes, I did, to Mr. Casey and Mr. Butters. How could I deny publicly what, was-not stated publicly? It has only been whispered, that is all. There was no foundation whatever for it. Mr. Fellows.-How did you support that. but when you were a supporter of the Government? Witness was not a supporter of the Government. I voted for the second reading of the bill, but I moved an amendment in committee, and it died in committee. Mr. Fellows suppose Mrs. Randell's recollection of the letter from you to her husband which she saw was, according to you, a sheer invention ? Witness.-I think not. I believe she has had the matter talked over to her so many times that she believes what she says. But I cannot think that I wrote a letter to discuss the tariff the day before the budget speech was delivered. Mr. Fellows.-Did you write a letter in which you solicited money from the softgoods,, men? Witness denied that which was supposed to be a letter, and 1 challenged its production. I denied that before the committee. I never said I did not write a letter about the soft-goods men, but I denied having asked, for money. Mr. Fellows.-You deny all the letters. Witness No, I admit the Paschal Lamb letter, only I deny the date of one letter, and I believe the letter was destroyed to prevent my being corroborated. Mr. Fellows.-And you swear you never had such a book as that spoken of by Randell with hon. member' mines in Witness I swear that again. I have never shown such a book. I have a scrap book in which I paste remarkable memoranda for reference, because some of my own speeches are there, but I have no book of the kind with any sort of alphabetical arrangement. There need be no difficulty in producing the book to which I have refused. Mr. Fellows.-Who was the friend who paid off that business for you. Witness, Messrs. Dodshun and Austin. Mr. Fellows (handing up a paper). Did you ever see that before? Witness No ; I never did I know what it relates to. It is a memorandum touching one of those loans of £100. (The document, part printed and part written, was as follows :-) " 'Mont de Piete' Equitable Loan and Investment Company of Victoria. Branch, office No. 1, No. 105, Elizabeth-street. No. 509 "Melbourne, November, 1864. " The undersigned agent has, this 25th day of November, 1864, lent the sum of £100 on thirteen pieces tweed and broadcloth, to Mr. Weinstein, who declares that the article belongs to him, and informs me that he lives at Flinders-lane. "Interest, 10s. per week. " To be sold in six months from this date if not redeemed. The company is not responsible for losses by fire or damage of any description. "Lewis Fisher." I find this document dated 1864. Now, I had no such transaction in 1864. to the best of my knowledge and belief. I do not think this 1864 could be the real date. I think Fisher bolted from the colony before that. Perhaps the date of the year was left blank, and filled in afterwards, If that date is a true date I know nothing of it. The transac- tion is exactly the same as that described relating to 1861. Mr. Fellows.-Is that the name you used?' Witness That name was not written in. by me, or used by me. You have a bundle of my letters there, and there is none without my real signature. I believed that was the name Fisher entered into the book. I discovered Fisher to be an awful liar shortly after 1 know him but in some things he was a sort of harmless liar. I have known Wilson about six or seven years. Mr. FELLOWb.-You told the committee that Mr. M'Kean could have looked into the window of the house in Gore-street, but that a shorter man could not, Witness, Yes I measured the window, and found it more than six feet high. Mr. Fellows.-And two architects swear to 5ft. 6in. or5ft. 9in., allowing for depression, of pavement. A Juryman Perhaps they measured to the sill. Witnesses measured from where the glass began. I said nobody could look into the window. I did not say that Aronson and Alexander could not see anybody at the window. Mr. Fellows.-You said it must have been one of the domestics who opened the door to Mr. Alexander? Witness. She was a confused woman, intending to tell the truth. As a rule I do not open my own door, but perhaps if it is not opened with sufficient despatch I open it myself, as a sort of rebuke to the girl. It is also not true that Mr. Longmore and I were in the habit of sitting in the back room, which was a dining room, only used for meals. Wherever Peterson's statement differs from, mine it is wrong. The sacrifice which the Paschal Lamb was to be ready for was to be hooted down at St, George's Hall. I was ready to take the £5 from Randell because I did not want to pay all my expenses, but I did not intend to go in for the close of protection he wanted. It was true what I told the committee that I could not have used the quotation about the kindness of the Jew for the reason that I am not acquainted with the play of "The Merchant of Venice." I was ready to join the free-traders, in getting rid of the tariff, if I could believe that they were honest in their professions. I believe Randell wanted me to join them, in hopes that they could effect their purpose, and I was quite content to play with that hope, believing that I could out- manoeuvre them, and that we should get a moderate tariff after all. Mr.'Fellows.-You were going to sell them. Witness No, they were trying to sell me I don't call out manoeuvring selling. I recollect writing out the contents of the Paschal lamb letter, and putting it on a file, and I put the date 13th February to it. J. W. Randell was examined before his brother and after, and the second time he came before the committee I placed this letter I had written before him, and asked him if it was like the other. He hesitated, thought it was like it, and then thought it was not. I think he afterwards described the difference. I. believed the other letters were not destroyed, and I think so now, and I put that letter into his hands to lead him to think that his brother had sold him, and so induce him to admit that the letters said to be destroyed were in existence. It was quite consistent with my belief that one brother should spring a plant upon the other. The thing answered so as to convince me that the letters are in existence now. I - \ Mr. Fellows.-The letters that were never" , written. Witness I mean the letters that were written. Mr. Fellows.-Can you assign any reason why Peterson, Alexander, Aronson, Kidney, J. W. Randell, Mrs. Randell, and James Randell, should all be conspiring against you in this rascally way Witnesses cannot I know Rees. Upon my recommendation he applied for a situation in the City Council while I was a councillor. I cannot say that I promised to assist him. Most likely I did support the application, because he had promised to keep sober, and I considered then and now that drunkenness was his only fault. Mr. Fellows.-Look at that document (handing upon acceptance). Do you know it? The acceptance was as follows: "Due May 14, 1862. No. £50 Os. 6d. Melbourne. March 11 1862. Two months after date pay to our order the sum of fifty pounds sterling. , i " Value received. "To Mr. C. E. Jones, "Great Bourke-street, , " Micbl. C obtain. , " Tnos. V. Nolan "Endorsed, accepted, payable 105 Elizabeth-street. C. E. Jones." Witnesses know it, but those names were not to it v linen I last saw it. I think it is the £50 acceptance Ik fore mentioned. I never heard of the £50 business before the meeting at Soldier's-hill. I cannot be quite sure that I did not hear of it at a committee meeting. I do not think Mr. Ardle said anything about it to me. i He never said, "If you cannot rid'"-- yourself of that charge you shall no it just' be a colleague of mine," or anything of the kind. I do not believe that he said that to anybody else. Re-examined by Mr. Higinbotham Mr. Randell may he well acquainted with the " Merchant of Venice," for he is in the habit of reciting at penny readings, and has taken part in private theatricals. I have heard of this playing the Ghost in "Hamlet." (Laughter in court ). As soon as I heard of the rumour respecting Mr. Butters's office I tried to trace it to its source. I remember now that it was Mr. Casey who mentioned the thing to me, and I said at once, "Ask Mr. Butters what he has to say ?" I think Mr. Casey said he had heard it from Mr. Francis, and, I was told, from Mr. Williams. Mr. Casey said Mr. Fran Acts would not be dragged into the thing at all. Mr. Casey told me afterwards that he had seen Mr. Butters, and that Mr. Butters had most emphatically said that the story was untrue. Mr. Butters told me himself that he had never told Mr. Williams anything of the kind, and that Mr. Williams must have told the story out of spite against him because he (Mr. Williams) was not re-elected mayor before the Prince came. He said, further, that if he had made such a statement to Mr. Williams, it was a lie. I did not receive Is. about the Lands Titles Bill from Mr. Butters, or any one else. I swear I did not. Mr. Ambrose Kyte's death happened the morning of the day before the trial of Randell v. Jones. I had no receipt for payment of costs. The date of the letter to Randell was left blank. I think it was left to Mr. Gaunson to fill in. In connection with the Maldon election I never received £50, or any sum of money, for my own use and profit. I conveyed the money as the deposit for a candidate. It was at Fisher's own suggestion, on the ground that he was unwilling that the directors should know the name of the persons who were continually borrowing money that the deposit was made in another name. He said it was the custom. I repeat that my defence on the merits of that action, Michael Curtain v. Jones, was as I have stated, and not because Fisher was unlicensed. The goods lost half their value by being kept, and that was why I defended that action. Further, that action would never have been brought but that I had had to dun Fisher for what he owed me. I did not take police court proceedings against Mr. Sergeant, at Ballarat, because I found that he was not going upon his own authority, but that others were saying the same thing, and it would be with them that I should have to deal. The Parliamentary inquiry we have heard of was made at my request, and I should have moved for it but for the fact that by so doing I should have become chairman of that committee. The charge of perjury at the City Police Court was brought against me by a cow keeper named Morony or Molony, and it was based on the statement that I had stated on oath at an assessors' meeting that a certain man had paid rates, whereas I had merely remarked, not being on my oath, that another person had paid them. As for the action in which Rees got a verdict, I had made an erroneous statement. I should have said that it was his connexion with the Government railways that was so discreditable. I should have withdrawn what I said but for the political aspect of the prosecution. I am not aware of any other point on which I wish to offer any explanation. it A Juryman How much did you get from the Mont de Piété? Witness.- Two sums of £100 each. John Sutton, ledger-keeper at the Bank of Australasia, produced extracts from the defendant's bank account from January 31, 1807, to the end of February of that year. The pay slip was Notes. £35 0 0 Gold. - Silver. - Copper . - Cheques 10 8.10 Total £45 8.10 The extract from the ledger showed that there was a balance to Mr. Jones's credit on January 31 of £8 19s. 2d. ; paid in cash on February 13, £45 8s. 10d. ; total, £54 8s. On the other side there was-February 11, by Harris, £25 2s, by Williams, £3 15s. ; balance on February H when the last entry for the month was made, £25 11s. C. E. Jones recalled received the £10 8s. 10d. from the Ballarat Evening Post, of which I was the Melbourne correspondent. Something has been taken off for exchange, I suppose. I cannot specify anything about the £35 in notes. The cheques drawn on the 14th of February were for groceries. Joseph Wilkins Randell, recalled at the request of a juror, said I distinctly and in plain English understood from Mr. Jones that he had received the £60 from Mr. Alexander, There could be no mistake about it. My object in asking him to take a seat in the car was to inform him that Alexander had said he gave him the money. I told him so, and he said Alexander had given him the money, but it was insufficient. I have heard a Mr. Jones give evidence here to-day, and I ' solemnly swear I never promised him Is. of my own money. I told him I would get money for him. I met Alexander, and said, ', "For goodness' sake, get the money for Jones, for I can't get any peace for him." Alexander said be had given Jones the money, A day or two after I met Jones. He got up into the car. I told him what Alexander said, "All right," and from that day to this he has never made any application to me for any money. I j Solomon Mirls, being duly sworn, was examined by Mr. Michie, and said I am the Solomon Mirlsrcferred to yesterday as having been engaged in certain tobacco transactions with Alexander. I have known Alexander since I first came to the colony in 1861. I was introduced to him by my brother. Mr. Michie.-Would you believe him on his oath ? Witness. Were he to make a statement upon oath, and expected to derive any benefit from it, I should not believe him. I say this because of the numerous falsehoods he has told to the Parliamentary committee, and the false representations he made to me in reference to the tobacco transactions. And I saw from The Argus to-day that he has stated in cross-examination the most deliberate false- . hoods about me. I am in the Government service. Mr. Fellows.-What department are you in Witness. The Victorian Railways. (A laugh.) Mr. Fellows.-That will do, sir. Mr. Michie -What was the date of your transaction with Alexander? Witness. - It occurred in 1861. Mr. Michie.-AVhat time did you have Alexander arrested ? " His Honour ruled that the question could not be put. Mr. Fellows.-You are still in the Government service ? Witness. Oh yes ; I have held the same position since I have been in the colony. The only reductions made in the department have been among the mechanics, and the Commissioner does not interfere with them. Henry De Costa, examined by Mr. Michie, deposed I was bookkeeper at Messrs. Wilkinson Brothers' from 1857 to 1867. I have known Moses Alexander for about four or five years. Mr. Michie,-From what you know of him is he a man you would believe on his oath ? Mr. Fellows.-Wait a minute. It is not everybody who is competent to answer that question. Do you live in his neighbourhood ? Witness No, sir. Mr. Michie.-Still the question may be put. Mr. Fellows.-No ; I maintain that he is not a competent witness. Mr. Michie.-You can't object simply be cause the witness does not live in his neighbourhood. (To witness.) Have you had any dealings with him Witness. Oh yes Mr. Michie.-What were your dealings ? Mr. Fellows objected to the question, and quoted from Taylor on Evidence to show that evidence as to a man's general reputa- tion was the only evidence that could be received. Mr. Michie. Well, would you believe him on his oath ? Mr. Fellows.-I object. It is a question of his general, reputation valid not whether the witness would believe him on his oath. His HONOUR said the general reputation of the plaintiff among his neighbours must be taken, and that the witness could be asked what character plaintiff bore in the neighbourhood where be resided. Mr. Michie.-Then who are his neighbours? You must ask, I suppose, the man who lives on the right hand side of him, and the man who lives next door on his left. (To witness.) Well, from your actual dealings with him Mr. Fellows -1 object to that. It is on the reputation you must ask him, irrespective of anything else,. Mr. Michie "Well, what is his general re- putation?' I Witness I never heard anything against him, except the transaction with the firm of Wilkinson Brothers and Company. I am quite ready to give any information in re science to that transaction. I Cross-examined by Mr. Fellows.-I left the business in September, 1867, and previous to that time frequently saw plaintiff about the place. I did not see him there within the twelve months before I left, but I think the firm might have employed him as a broker once or twice since the transaction referred to. Richard Jones being duly sworn, was examined by Mr. Dunne, and said I am a surveyor. The defendant is no relative of mine that I am aware of. (Plan handed to witness.) This plan was made by me from absolute measurements. The height of the window in Gore street, measured from the ground close to the wall to the bottom of the window-sill is Dit. lin. to the top of the sill, 5ft. 7in. ! and then the pistol and frame before you come to the glass would be 5in. at least. 1 measured them on the be vii edge, and I can't say how much higher the level may have been perhaps a quarter of an inch. The height from the ground to the glass is six feet exactly, measured close to the wall. Mr. Fellows.-Have you been promised any chance of employment in the Government service ? Witness No, sir and I don't expect any. I have made application for employment at some time, but got no reply, save that if there was an opportunity I should be put on. I applied to the department of Waterworks Some few weeks ago. I never applied to any other department, or applied to another party for his interest or support. I was in the Government service before, and left on account of the reductions in the departments five years ago. I was in the Roads and Bridges department; never in the Geological Survey department. I have not got a note stating why I left. I have not heard of any dispute about a theodolite. Mr. Fellows.-You were not allowed to resign ? Witness. Allowed to resign, sir? There was a reduction of a number of clerks Mr. Fellows.-Were you allowed to resign, sir? Mr. Hioinbotham.-That is not a proper question. It conveys an insinuation that the witness is not giving a proper answer when he left the service in consequence of reduc- tions. It is put in such a way as to convey the idea that he was punished with dismissal. I object to the question being put His Honour. ruled that the question was a proper one. I Mr. Higinbotham,-The question should be based upon something. His Hokotjk.-Of course it should. Witnesses received, in common with many others in the same department, a letter announcing that, in consequence of reduc- tions in the service, my services would not be required after a certain date. Mr. Fellows.-But did you receive anything else as well? Were you allowed to resign irrespective of the statement you have just made? (A pause.) Do you know what the expression means-that a man who leaves the service is " allowed to resign ?" Do you know the meaning of the expression. (A pause.) Yes or no, sir? Witness Allowed to resign ? I can say I never asked to resign. Mr. Fellows.-Now, look here, were you ' ever charged with pawning a theodolite ? Witness No. Mr. Fellows.-Aro you quite sure? Witness.- Quite sure. I was never charged with it, and I never did it. Mr. Higinbotham You say you received a letter, in common with others, stating that in consequence of reductions you would not be required. Others received the same communication as yourself ? Witness. They did. No criminal charge was ever brought against me, and I was not threatened with dismissal on account of any criminal charge. Mr. Fellows,-Were you dismissed from the service ? Witness. -No. I was paid off, sir, if you mean that. Mr. Michie.-Were you threatened with dismissal, and told you would be dismissed ignominiously if you did not resign ? Witness No, I never heard any threats of any kind. I have been employed for a day or two in the same department since. This closed the case for the defence, and Mr. Michie was about to address the jury, when Mr. Fellows said We are entitled to have that bank ledger put in evidence. Mr. Michie.-What, after the conclusion of the defendant's case ? Mr. Fellows.-You are bound to put it in. It is in court. Mr. Higinbotham You should not be allowed to state that, knowing how it came into court. Mr. Michie don't know who has been volunteering to give you information. This is a most irregular proceeding, after I have announced the defendant's case closed to ask for the production of this evidence. Mr. Fellows,-It is in evidence. Mr. Higinbotham.-It was put in because the jury asked for it. His HONOR said if it had been asked for at once he would have had no hesitation about the matter, but the plaintiff could not have it now. It was the defendant's evidence, and went in as such. Mr. Michie's don't deny that. But I stand upon this fact that our case is concluded. If not now, when is it to be closed ? His ÏÏONOim.-I want to know whether Mr. Fellows asks for the account between these dates in February, or whether he wishes the jury to see the actual ledger instead of this account? Mr. Fellows.-What I ask is for the jury to see the entries preceding and following that which is mentioned upon that paper copied from the ledger. Mr. Michie.-That is sworn to as a correct copy of the ledger. His Honours. If it was suggested that there was an error 1 might admit it, but as the case stands I can't do so. Mr. Michie then proceeded to address the jury, and opened his speech by stating that he was very sorry indeed that the learned gentleman who had conducted the case for the plaintiff had not a little more faithfully _ acted up to the professions he made in opening the case. He certainly apprehended the learned gentleman would have presented his case freed from those disgusting animosities which were connected with public life in this colony. And since the learned gentleman had, in addressing the jury, said that "so far as he was concerned he would refrain from any reference to politics," and that "this case should be conducted like any other," he (Mr. Michie) left the jury to decide how far the learned counsel had acted up to his professions. If ever there was a gross irregularity attempted in a court of justice, it was that after the closing of the plaintiff's and defendant's cases, after raking up everything that could he got together to the detriment of the defendant, the plaintiff's counsel should seek to uncover some other portions of the defendant's private affairs. He trusted the jury would not be sympathetic with the vindictiveness which existed in any quarter-which would pursue a political advantage by possibly the most discreditable means but that they would, as they had sworn to do, look at the evidence alone and unless they felt they could rely upon the testimony of the principal witnesses, they would dismiss the plaintiff from the court, and give his client a verdict. He denounced Moses Alexander as a man unworthy of belief upon his oath. He should so denounce him in the absence of any positive evidence ; but it has' pened that Alexander was so described by himself. Was he a man upon whose word the jury could place a shadow of reliance ' He was described by his own counsel in refer ence to the transaction of which Mr De Costa spoke, as a dishonest man Mr. Fellows had admitted that was a transaction that should not occur " frequently "-the mildest description of a crime which he (Mr. Michie) had ever: heard attempted in a court of justice. I should not have been done once, because I was a manifest cheat and swindle, and the man who would commit such a swindle about the time he was thinking of leaving the colony would do it upon any number of occasion; when he thought he could do it with impunity This was the witness upon whom the plaintiff' case rested and he was introduced in the learned counsel's opening as one of six: witnesses who were to be pitted against one of the other side Mr. Jones. He (Mr. Michie had taken leave to correct the learned coup sel's arithmetic, and show that instead of six to one in his favour, it was two or three to one against the plaintiff, upon the most important features of the case; because looking at the principal fact, the alleged coming of Alexander to Jones's house, at the corner of Gore and Charles streets, on the 9th February, 1867, we were to take into account Alexander's encountering Aronbo: accidentally in the manner described. He they heard Alexander's version alone upon that point they would have had nothing t correct their judgments, to induce caution t to compel them to suspend their belief, as to how far they could safely act upon his testimony and they would have said, "It is an intelligible story in itself, and the true ver- sion." But, unfortunately for Alexander, they would see that his confederate, Aronson, diametrically contradicted him in a matter in which there could not be a possibility of mistake. It was not a mere unimportant error, but as manifest and cross a contradic- tion as could possibly take place. They had one man's version, bringing Mr. Longmore to the door upon the occasion when the door was alleged to be opened by Mr, Jones. Alexander said tbatLongmore came out and shook hands with him at the door; and yet Aronson, swearing that he saw Jones open the door, Alexander go in and the door shut, saw nothing of the kind take place between Long- more and Alexander, and swore that if anything of the kind did take place, he must have seen it. So that instead of there being one witness to six we not only took one away from the six, but transferred him to the other side. Aronson was not a witness to be counted for the plaintiff here as speaking to the fact of Alexander's going to the house ; but the plaintiff was contradicted by his own witness, and to that extent discredited. Alexander had told a lie with a circumstance so that he might more readily gain belief. The circumstances gave an air of truth to his version, and that was the reason he brought Longmore upon the scene. Aronson being called before the committee, without having a chance of conferring with Alexander, stated that he never saw Longmore except at the window. Mr. Long- more was examined and cross-examined, and speaking as fairly as he could, said he had no recollection of seeing Alexander at Jones's house, or of his shaking hands with Alexander at the door. If such a proceeding had taken place it must have rested upon Long more's memory, on account of certain political matters, then occurring which would have impressed the circumstance of his meeting Alexander there upon him. Alexander was, therefore, discredited by his own witness as well as by Longmore. And what was the value of Mary Curran's evidence, who proved nothing at all to the point, and who could be dismissed at once from consideration. There could be little doubt that the two persons seen by Wilson at about three o'clock in the afternoon on the 9th February, 1867, inquiring their way to Jones's house, were Alexander and Aronson. Wilson would not swear exactly to them, but described them as a taller and a shorter man. resembling Alexander and Aronson. Had Wilson been a false witness, nothing would have been easier than for him to say that these were the two men. There could be no reason why (if swearing falsely) Wilson should stop short of identifying the men, because they both said they were in the neighbourhood at the time. He is not positive to the identity, but in all probability Alexander and Aronson were the two men he saw. And what was the account Wilson gave of what then came within his own observation ? He said that Alexander went to the door, found that Jones was not in, and then took his departure. That was the version which the jury must discredit altogether if they believed Alexander. There was the strongest possible presumption that Alexander was the man seen there by Wilson on that day, and if so, he never went into the house at all, and could not have left the money. Was not that presumption very strongly confirmed by the fact that Alexander was there upon that same scene of action a considerable time afterwards, accompanied by Kidney? Why should he need to identify the house when he knew an inquiry was to be made ? He went into that house with a lie in his mouth-with some story that he wanted to clear up a legal point, now could that be? Looking into a room would not clear up a legal point. If he had ever seen the room before, why should he have gone into it? He should rather have resisted going there, for he would have known that such a circumstance would materially deteriorate his evidence. It was something preposterous for this man to have insisted upon going into that room if he had ever been there before the tenant being actually unwilling to admit him at first. What business had he there Was it necessary for the identifica- tion of a house that a man should go into every room ? Besides, this happened to be a conspicuous house, at the corner of two streets, such a house as a man, having once seen, could always identify. Well, then, we had Alexander in possession of £60, given to him by five persons for a particular purpose, which, as he said, lay quite outside his functions as secretary of the Constitutional Association. Was Alexander, as he appeared in the witness-box, such a man as would be likely to resist the temptation of appropriating that £60, if he had any chance of doing so? introduced and described as he was by himself, was a man likely to resist such a temptation He was in uncontrolled possession of this £60, and seems to have thought, "Well, I maybe suspected about this money, so I will provide myself with a piece of evidence to show that I am in possession of a roll of notes near Jones's house." Therefore he fell in with Aronson, and showed him the roll of notes. That piece of evidence was absolutely valueless, unless he could show that he had not got the notes when he came out of Jones's house. Accord- ing to Wilson's evidence, the man was not inside the house at all, but only spoke to the servant at the door. Nothing further was heard of these notes, although a number of events occurred which ought to have induced Alexander to make his disclosure. It was not until after great pressure was brought to hear upon Alexander-we could not plunge into the recesses of his mind, and say how disinclined he was to make the matter public-it was not, perhaps, until he found that he would himself be tried for embezzlement that he moved in the matter. Did the jury believe that Alexander would have handed that £50 over to Jones without at least asking for a receipt ? He said he did not ask for it because he did not think he would get it. But at least he might have asked for it, and tried to get it. If he had asked and been refused, he might have paused a moment before he gave up the money. He might have said, "Oh, there is no such hurry, and if you don't choose to give me a receipt, I shall take the money back to the office, and you may call for it another time at any rate you shan't get it from me unless I have something to show for it." But he did not take that course. Was he a man likely to be actuated by extreme delicacy-a men who did not like to offend Mr. Jones by asking for a receipt? was the excuse an in- telligible one? Was it the story of a sane or an honest man? The jury would see that no expense had been spared in industriously raking up everything connected with the personal history of Mr. Jones, extending over a considerable numbered years. Nothing more ungenerous and that was a very mild term nothing more malignant than the feeling which must have actuated those who raked together everything with the merest colour of scandal against Mr. Jones, could be im- hind. All he hoped was that every man who was put into that box would come as successfully through the ordeal as did Mr. Jones, livery advantage was sought to be taken of him he was stopped over and over again, with respect to explanations which he desired to give, and yet, in spite of all, his evidence did not in any degree affect his credibility of character. We had heard. that he had pledged a portion of his stock in trade. A dreadful crime ! He (Mr. Michie) wondered whether Mr. Jones was the only man in Bourke-street, or other streets, who, in the exigencies of business, had been compelled to do the same thing, and at even a higher rate than 20 percent ? There was absolutely nothing discredit able to Mr. Jones in the transaction. The king of malignity which seemed to have prompted the suggestions for the cross- examination was extraordinary. He said "malignity," for them was not a man in this community who had not been at some time or other, the object of unfounded scandal. The sort of relish which human creatures seemed to take in anything prejudicial to their fellows had some analogy to the story of the "Three Black Crows," of which each successive version received extraordinary additions, like the rolling snowball This story about the Quieting of Titles Bill had been rolling on for years. Some one hat stand, "Oh, dont you know about that £101 Jones had for the Quieting of Titles Bill?' "Mo; who says so?" "Oh, they say so. "Who are they?" " Oh, everybody." And so it went on. Mr. Jones was asked why he did not contradict the story? He would have been a fool if he had just as it would have been absurd for Mr. Fellows to have contradicted the story that he took a bribe from the squatters. A man would be of great ass to say in answer to a mere rumour, "I am not the paid advocate of the squatters "-or "have not taken a bribe to vote against the Quieting of Titles Bill." People would say, "Now, Too) at this Jones-he is trying to make out that his vote is worth so much." It was like a man writing to The Times and saying : "Sirs-I beg to contradict the story that have been requested by Lord Palmerston to accept office as Chancellor of the Exchequer. (Laughter.) No one suspected that he had been requested until he wrote to say he has not. And Mr. Jones would have been a great fool if he had written to the press to centre diet the story about him. Besides, he did trace the story up to its reputed author (the late major), and its reputed author contradicted it most completely. It was a hard case that a man was to be exposed to this kind of suspicion simply because he was not a wealthy man. It did not follow that a wealthy man was an honest man, any more than being a poor man was evidence of dishonesty. Mr. Hudson, a man with hundreds of thousands of pounds, had been guilty of a gross piece of delinquency with reference to some railway iron. It had been said that Mr. Jones was a tailor, and the fact had been dragged out for tho purpose of having a laugh at him. So far from its being considered discreditable that a man should have attained to a responsible office from that earlier and humble position He (Mr. Michie) would remind his learned friend of something said with reference to Mr. Johnson, the President of the United States, who also had been a tailor. A discussion as to his position took place in England, and the Specta- tor observed something to this effect ¡-"That in England, no doubt, it would be difficult indeed, if not a moral impossibility, for a man in the position of a tailor to attain the status of Prime Minister of England. But did he once attain that status, not a true gentleman in England would think of bringing up his humble origin against him." (Cheers.) It was a strong observation. No true gentleman in spirit anywhere would bring such a charge against any man who had raised himself from a lower to an honourable position. In the House of Commons, when Mr. Brother ton gave some particulars of factory life, and referred to his own experience, stating that he was once a little factory boy, what did Sir James Graham say? He got up in his place, and said :-" Through all the years he had had the honour of holding a place in the House of Commons, he had never been so proud of that seat as when he discovered that a factory boy was holding the honour- able position of a member of Parliament, respected by his fellow senators under that roof." (Cheers.) That was the feeling with which these men were regarded in England; and that was the feeling that he (Mr. Michie) relied upon in the jurors' minds. He felt that they would scout with indignation the idea that Mr. Jones was a rogue because he had raised himself to his present position. How far were the jury entitled to find a verdict against Mr. Jones upon the evidence ? What was Randell's position? Did Randell come out of that box as reputably as Mr. Jones did ? Mr. Jones, when asked about his signing his name to that duplicate letter, said How could a man forgo his own name ?" Was that (alluding to the scrip on which Randell had signed his brothers name a forgery? He asked the jury whether the second signature to that piece of scrip was not a forgery ? If writing a name not his own, and in a character intended to convey to the reader that he was not the man who wrote it, was forgery, then this man Randell was a forger. Whether he forged to swindle his fellow shareholders or for tho purpose of making it appear on the thimblcrigging system, that upon one view the scrip was his brother's, and upon another view his own, was not clear. In either case the writing was that of a dishonest man, and he (Mr. Michie) said it was a rational demand which he made when he asked the jury not to convict Mr. Jones of what would be a serious crime upon the evidence of a man like that. At least, if Mr. Jones was to be hunted down by the pack at his heels, let him be hunted down by honest men. Let him have the chance which every man had in the community in which he lived and let him not be the victim of the spleen of those who might be desiring to hunt down a Government in the person of Mr. Jones. Randell was not a trustworthy witness, and was just as likely to have at his tongues and a quotation from Shakespeare as not. He had dramatic tastes it seemed sometimes played the ghost in "Hamlet." A pretty sort of ghost ! It would require a considerable amount of whiting upon his face to enable him to pass himself off as a ghost! (Laughter.) He was a member of the Garrick Society, and to a gentleman indulging in the intellectual recreation of amateur theatricals, what would be easier than to put an expression of his own into the mouth of another? It was reasonable that aft effort should have been made to procure the cabman who was said to have overheard the conversation. He was not advertised for, and from that fact it might be argued that to have the man here did not suit Mr. Randell. The learned counsel proceeded to point out that there was a far stronger motive for Alexander stating he had given the money to Jones, than there was for Jones denying that be received it. He also alluded to the evidence as to the charge of perjury made against Jones, and showed that there was not a shadow of proof that Jones had committed perjury. He contended that the balance of testimony was in favour of Jones, and said that if the jury could, upon the evidence, find a verdict against his client he was much mistaken. In a matter of this grave importance, the plaintiff was bound to make out his case to the satisfaction of the jury. Unless the jury were entirely satisfied upon the point as to whether Jones did receive the £50, they should notriskruiningforeverthofortunosofaninno sent man upon the story of a scoundrel, whose antecedents would make him the disgrace of the community as it seemed to him Alexander was of the community in which he lived. He now left his client's case in the jury's hands, and unless they saw they could trust the evidence for the plaintiff, he (Mr. Michie) repeated that he had met this case as completely as it could be met, and that he was entitled to their verdict. Mr. Fellows, in replying, said he should not long occupy the attention of the jury, but should first direct their attention to the undisputed facts in the case. First, there were the five cheques. Upon what hypothesis, save that stated for the plaintiff, came these cheques into existence? now came they to be asked for at all No hypothesis consistent with their existence had been set up in the defence and if Rondells story were untrue, no reason for their being drawn could be imagined. He contended that there were eight witnesses for the plaintiff instead of six and he disclaimed all antagonism to the defendant, stating that he was quite unconscious of having exhibited such a feeling. The conversation between Randell and Jones in Bourke-street was remarkable. Jones accounted for the introduction of the lines from Shakspeare by saying that Randell, was fond of histrionic amusements and said that he (Jones) could not have made the quotation, because he did not know "The Merchant of Venice," If he did not know the play, how did he know those lines were in it? What was the object of calling that surveyor as a witness with reference to the height of the window from the ground? It was only to mislead the jury. A man could be seen looking out of a second storey window and it was absurd to say that a man looking out of a window six feet from the ground would not be visible. Jones said Alexander was not at his house, and that if he had been the domestic would have opened the door to him but he could notsaytbathe did not sometimes open the door himself. The making of the declaration was a misdemeanour for which Alexander might have been prosecuted. Jones did threaten to make a charge against Aronson ; but he altered his tone when he found where the declaration care from. He made no step towards inquiry until he was dragged into this court. When the defendant alleged simply in his plea that his libel was true, he had not stated a single fact upon which to base the accusations contained in the libel, and that he was bound to have done. Look at any of the circumstances of the case. If Alexander intended to stick to this money, would he have been such a fool as to put a halter round his neck, so to speak ? Having intended to embezzle this money, would he have shown it to Rosenthal's own servant? If he had been prosecuted for the embezzle- ment, Rosenthal would have been the only man to have known anything about the money until it was shown to Aronson. With regard to the five cheques, they were drawn by persons who were shrewd men of business, and would not be likely to part with their money foolishly and the fact of their trusting Alexander as they did was good evidence as to his character. The next circumstance was the interview between Randell and Jones. Jones said that wherever Randell's statement differed from his it was untrue. He denied everything, and insinuated that Randell must have invented it all for some purpose which was not apparent. There was the letter of the 4th February, requesting that some soft-goods people should he applied to for money. He denied that and said there might have been such a letter after the one about the PoFchol Lamb, but not to the effect stated by Randell. Mrs. Randell, however, said the letter was dated 4th February, and she had a good reason for remembering it. If Jones had admitted these things, but denied the fact of payment, he (Mr. Fellows) could understand him but he could not be correct in denying everything. James Randell also saw the letter. There was no dispute about the other the " Paschal Lamb" letter which Jones explained by saying that it meant he was prepared to be bowled at in St. George's-hall for £5. Where then was the sacrifice? He could not understand it. Randell, on the other hand, said he never offered Jones £5 in any way, but that he had made an arrangement with Jones, and the arrangements being made Alexander gave Jones the money. When we looked at all the facts of the case, and the anomalous position which Jones occupied-deposed from the Government and not received into the Oppo- sition we could imagine that, having aspired to office for years, he did not care how he got it. In fact, he said himself he was willing to make use of free-trade opponents to favour his protection views, and admitted that he was willing to associate himself with Kidney and Langton, and conduct the whole of the elections of the country. This man would unite with free-traders in order to further his own ends. What did he want but a position in the Cabinet? All these facts bore upon the case, and ho was not bringing them in uri fairly. The case was entirely mixed up with politics, and he was compelled to allude to them slightly. The cheques were changed on Saturday and here it was said that Rosenthal and Alexander did not agree as to the way in which the money was got. no relied upon that discrepancy, because it showed that there could not have been any arrangement between those two persons. After having got his lunch Alexander took the money to Collingwood, where he must have arrived before three o'clock, which was the time mentioned by Wilson as being the time when he met the two men inquiring for Jones's house. It was difficult to account for some parts of Wilson's statement on any satisfactory basis. Was it credible that Wilson, having gone to the door and ascertained that Jones was not in, should have gone to the lamppost, and seeing a man walking towards him looking as if he wanted to make an inquiry, should have gone to his assistance The man went in a direction opposite to his way home, which was not likely. Wilson said Jones was not at home, but that one of the mon-Alexan- der it was presumed went to Jones's door, and knocked. If that were so, Jones might have been denied to Wilson, having arranged to meet Alexander. Wilson's evidence should have been corroborated, for if he was on such intimate terms with Jones the servant-girl must have known him, and could have been called to prove that he was at the house on that afternoon. Another matter not to be lost sight of was that Alexander actually brought upon the scene another man, a friend of Jones's, Mr. Longmore. If he was the thief that he was presumed to be by the counsel on the other side, he would have chosen some other time for visiting the house to make the payment. He would not have risked meeting Long- more there. He would have said nothing of Longmore at any rate, knowing that what he did say would be contradicted. He would have gone into Jones's house and paid the money without seeing Longmore there at all. (Mr. Michie.-" He does not mention him in his statutory declaration.") Alexander and Aronson both said they saw Longmore and Jones at the window and Longmore did not contradict them, for ho 6117 said he had no recollection of being there or of shaking hands with Alexander. Aronson said he did not see Longmore come out, but Longmore might have come out without his observing him. It might have taken Longmore three or four minutes to come out, and Aronson might have left the place before Longmore came out. (Mr Michie.-"Aronson says he saw the door shut.") That was not material. AA'os it likely that Alexander would bring a man into court to contradict him in that way? (Mr. Michie.-"They had both been examined, and they could not vary their stories.") The examination before the Parliamentary committee took place long after the declaration was published, and he (Mr. Fellows) relied upon all these slight discrepancies fairly to show that this was not a concocted tale. He submitted that the jury could not disbelieve Kidney's statement, and that, if they did, they must come to the conclusion that all these witnesses were leagued together in a most abominable conspiracy. In his cross-examination of defendant as to "his dealings in 1851, he (Mr. Fellows had not sought to cast discredit upon defendant because he was a tailor, but had merely wished to show the position he occupied in regard to money matters. With regard to Mr. Bennett's letter, the defendant might have prosecuted Bennett for writing it, but he took no steps to do anything of the kind. An inquiry was made before some reform association, at which Bennett refused to be present, and that was all. This was a circumstance that required to be dealt with differently. The learned counsel for the defendant professed to disbelieve that the plaintiff did not expect to get a receipt from Jones for the money. That was too rich a thing to imagine for a moment. Jones, a protectionist, was not likely to let his hand be seen as receiving money from the free-traders. And he did not get a receipt himself in that more important matter, the settlement of his action with Randell. The settlement of that case was suspicious. A man who had a good defence to an action would not be likely to stop it by paying the costs of his opponent. Randell did not got any money for stopping the action ; he had some reason for allowing it to be settled, and Alexander was not satisfied that it should be settled. It was because Randell withdrew, that Alexander brought the present action. He (Mr. Fellows) did not know that there would be any great advantage in getting a receipt after all, as Mr. Jones's notion of paying his debts seemed to be rather curious. Alexander's visiting Jones's house for the second time was a very useless proceeding, but at the same time Alexander's world might have been doubted, and he might have said upon the impulse of the moment, " Come with me, and I'll show you the house where I paid the money, and the room, too, in which I paid it." It was a useless performance, but it was quite capable of that simple explanation. As it was, the room was when he visited it the second time furnished differently to what it was on his first visit. Jones did not live in the house then and Alexander might have been cross examined as to the furniture of the room. It was a curious thing that Mr. Jones had lost his pass-book. It appeared, however, that on the 13th February, he paid in to his own credit £35 in notes, and he could not tell where he got them from. That seemed like a corroborating circumstance. The Paschal Lamb was fitted for the sacrifice, and he hoped the jury would sacrifice it. If Jones must resort to Scripture for a parallel, he (Mr. Fellows) thought he could select a more fitting one for considering the position Mr. Jones had occupied towards the Government which he had after wards opposed, he thought that Mr. Jones might be more aptly compared to Judas Is carrot with this difference, that while one man was contented with thirty pieces of silver, the other was not content with twice that number in gold. His HoNor having stated the issues as being narrowed down to the question, whether the defendant received £00 from the plaintiff on February 9, 1897, or nowhere- marked upon the contradictions in the evidence, and enjoined the jury to weigh that evidence carefully, deciding the case upon it, and upon it only. They were not to consider the effect of their verdict upon one side or the other, has to do their duty to the best of their judgment. The case was mixed up with politics to such an extent that we could not avoid consider- ing them in the matter, but the jury were not to allow the political aspect of the case to influence them at all. It was their strict duty to put politics out of the question, and to look only at the case as it was, and consider how it was these parties came together. There were one or two questions to be disposed of before they came to the question of the payment of the money to the defendant. They must first be satisfied that plaintiff got the money with the understand- ing that it was to be given to defendant. They might be satisfied that plaintiff got the money, but not that it ever reached the defendant's hands. It was possible the money might have been detained by the plaintiff, or at all events there might be no proof that it was ever handed to the defendant. He did not think there was any occasion to dwell upon the collection of the money. The witness Rosenthal was not challenged, and he said he received fivocluques after bank hours for £50, that he took them, gave in return a cheque of his own, and Iodised the five cheques to his account on the following Monday. All that was corroborated by the bank vouchers. We had then these five cheques, collected by somebody, and cashed for the plaintiff by Rosenthal, one of the contributors. If the jury did not believe this, there would be an end of the case as a matter of COURSE. The next question was, whether these cheques were collected by an arrangement with the defendant, and intended to be given to him At the outset here, the political position of the defendant himself must be considered, as well as his relation to the plaintiff, and those who were acting with the plaintiff. It appeared that the latter party described them selves as free-traders, and that the defendant dissented from the policy of the present Ministry so far as the tariff was concerned The plaintiff and those with him were also opposed to the tariff. Both plaintiff and defendant were dissatisfied, one thinking that the proposed measure did not go far enough and the other that it went too far, Both were anxious to upset it, and upset the Minister who introduced it; and both would have combined for that purpose. The free-trader said, he wanted the tariff mode more protective than it was, to disgust the country, and then the noise would come to free trade again ; the other fell in with their policy, for the purpose of gaining what he really desired. to did not think the jury were called upon to express any opinion whatsoever as to the propriety of these two persons so acting together. It appeared to him a more matter of consideration between the parties. One man had a different mode of doing business to another ; one man has a more sensitive nature than another ; one man regarded the end, and looked with comparative indifference upon the means, and wished perhaps not to aggrandise himself, but act for the benefit of the country. People might take different views of these things, but to denounce per sons to whom they were opposed as receiving or giving bribes within bad taste. He thought the person who gave the bride was as culpable as the other who received it but one man might use another if the thing was done fairly, and both parties knew it. They might press the matter to undue lengths ; but the mere fact of their uniting together, although they differed from each other, was not to be denounced in the unmeasured language in which it had been denounced. The objection- able part of it was, that one man acted with another with whom he could not agree and that was an indiscretion of a somewhat venial nature. Both parties in the present instance were prepared to support each other to a cur- tain extent. The defendant admitted that he was, prepared to accept the small sum of C in order to carry out that meeting in St. George's-hall j and he was then only doing that which he (the judge) had already shadowed out. The defendant denounced the tariff as a protectionist tariff, and he denounced it because it was not protectionist enough, and he opposed the carrying of the measure because it did not go to the extreme lengths he advocated. So that, as it appeared to him (the judge), this was a mere question of degree. It was a small sum cor vainly, and up to that point the defendant , appeared to have done all that was required of him. Did he go further? And was be prepared to take a further sum to meet further expenses towards carrying out the same scheme? The defendant admitted that he was prepared to do so, and added that he would go with the other party, and use them as far as they went with him. He could not himself see much distinction there. There might have been an arrangement made, but it by no means followed that the defendant entered into the arrangement which Randell swore to. Here the case rests upon the evidence of Joseph Wilkins Randell. It would appear from his testimony that in point of fact some arrangement was made as to the collection of the money. Stopping here, the jury were asked by the plaintiff to consider why that money was collected, and for whom? That was a very proper question, and one which required the jury's consideration. Did they substantially believe that the statement made by Joseph Wilkins Randell was correct ? It was to a certain extent corroborated, or father, the view that the defendant might have made some such arrangement, was corroborated by Kidney. Kidney did not go the length of corroborating all these things, but he said that the defendant expressed himself in a way which led him to suppose he would come over to their party. Why ? He did not think that, except the fact of the collection of this money, and the circumstances that Kidney swore to, there was any other corroborative evidence of Randell's statement ; because the letters to which he should presently come did not prove. that. At the same time, the jury would ask themselves if these letters did not refer to this statement made to Randell? And if they did not refer to that to what did they refer? This point was mixed up with this great question they had to determine, because one question would aid to decide the other. If they could not rely upon the plaintiff's witnesses implicitly, they would have great difficulty in coming to any conclusion upon these points. It would be seen that the money was traceable to the plaintiff's possession, but they could not trace it further. Now, what was done with the money The plaintiff, he assumed, got it. What did he do with it? Throughout the whole of the case they had not failed to observe that the plaintiff on three occasions seemed to have considered it necessary to get some one to be with him, so as to get evidence to corroborate himself and rclievohimself from suspicion. He confessed he did not understand why he got Mr. Rosenthal to go to the bank when he had previously made an arrangement with the manager to be there and cash the cheques. He did not know whether he had made a promise to the manager, but if so, why did he ask Mr. Rosenthal to accompany him They would remember that Rosenthal was a contributor, that he was friendly with the plaintiff, and that he would have done an act of kindness for him. Then why did he not go to Rosenthal at once, and ask him to do what he did ultimately-that was, cash the cheques ? However, for some reason, he asked Rosenthal to accompany him to a bank. The manager was not present, but the accountant was there but he knew nothing of these cheques, and both of them went to the Union Bank, and the cheque was given and cashed. Then he went to lunch, and afterwards to Collingwood, in order to meet defendant at the latter's house, where he understood an arrangement had been made to meet him at a certain hour on that day. He had faithfully promised him, and certainly the exertions which he used and the speed he exhibited, appeared to corroborate the plaintiff's version that he had to give him the money on that day. But the same course is pursued, and whether in- tentionally or no he met Aronson, and he at once asks him to accompany him. As a matter of fact, of what practical utility was Aronson there; because he quite con- tained in the view that if it were really to follow it out, and no voucher was expected, of what practical utility was Aronson ? Why did he leave him at the very time when the crucial test was to be applied, and be merely said to him, " I am going to give these notes to the defendant? Aronson was in Roson that's employment, and knew of the collections, but what did the witness hear more than Rosenthal did ? They might dispense with advantage with both the plaintiff and defendant in the case. Suppose they tried disease in the absence of thoevidonceof both, how far did the evidence of Aronson assist than? Very little, indeed, and only that he went to the door. Rosenthal would tell them how he cashed the cheque after bank hours, and that the plaintiff went to pay the money, and Aronson met him afterwards. It only carried him a step further, and, having gone to the house, what did he do with the money? If that were a mere accidental arrangement, did they think that the omission of Aronson, or the apparent conflict of evidence of Aronson and Alexander, would lead them to doubt the evidence of the other ; would it lead them to suppose it was caution- ? If so, why introduce Longmore? no did not like the argument, that something might have been said why the crime should not have been committed? When a man was brought up for murder, it was always said, "Do you think if he had been going to commit murder he would have done it this or the other way?" It might have been expected that Longmore's evidence would have set the question at rest as to whether Alexander really went into the house or not and therefore it did not appear, if this was a concocted scheme between Aronson and Alexander, why that evidence was put in? Was there really that great conflict between the evidence of Aronson and Alexander as regards the shutting of the door and seeing Longmore as at first appeared? The position of the parties was of great importance. If he followed that rough sketch correctly, there was a pro- jection of both sides of the house, and the door was in a kind of bay or verandah, so that if Aaronson was at one point, it might have been possible for him to have seen Alexander going into the house, and yet not have noticed Longmore at all. If he was not mistaken there was a conflict of evidence between them, and this was put as a test of their veracity. Then was the whole of lids an invention? Did they put Mr. Long- more in the window, he not being there? Mr. Longmore's evidence might, to a considerable extent, have disposed of this case. If he had had no doubt that he never saw the plaintiff there, he being a totally disinterested witness, there would be an end of the case. But Longmore's evidence could not be received quite in that way. The jury might think it was a mere professional distinction between saying such a thing did not happen, or to the best of one's recollec- tion such a thing did not happen. This was just an instance of that kind, and a perfectly clear one. " I have such a recollection of you that I can swear I never saw you there," That would be decisive. But a witness Bny iii)!, "I don't think, to the best of my recal it ellon, I ever saw you there was quite another matter. If you had one witness swearing in one way and another witness swearing to the best of his recollection in another way the balance of testimony was in favour of the first mentioned This was a matter however for the jury to decide among themselves He did not believe Mr Longmore was intentionally misleading, but that he had no decided remembrance of the matter Then there was the evidence of Edwin Wilson who swore that he saw two persons who answered the description of Alexander and Aaronson near the defeat dam s house. This Wilson seemed to have a very retentive memory, and it was strange he could not swear to the identity of the plaintiff even though he had not seen him before He could not be expected to swear to Aronson because he did not speak to him but he spoke to the plaintiff accompanied him to the corner watched him go to the door and remained looking at him From that it seemed as if Wilson was not quite clear in his own mind whether Mr Jones was at home or not Perhaps he might have waited in the hope that he would catch him in after all At any rate it was strange that Wilson could not identify that man whom he met Had two other persons gone and inquired about this house before or after the plaintiff and Aronson went there' had Aronson and the plaintiff been to the house before Wilson? that must have been the case or if the evidence of both parties were believed the jury would be driven to the conclusion that two other men went to the place after the plaintiff and Aronson He did not see so far as the plaintiff was concerned anything to shake the credit of his testimony except that one point about Kennett's accusation because that perjury case -at as nothing " There was a t very serious accusation in Bennett's case a serious accusation made by a person in high position and it was a question whether some steps should not have been taken to make an inquiry or whether the person did not rather choose from time to yield to the accusation He might have prosecuted him He saw no objection no difficulty to that course There might have been merely his oath and that should have been sufficient As to Mirls the jury could judge from the manner in which he gave his evidence whether he was or was not irritated against the plaintiff As far as one could venture to form an opinion he seemed to have a strong dislike to the plaintiff The jury had heard what he imputed to Alexander, and there was no doubt that if all were true that was insinuated the intention on Alexander's part would have been equivalent to embezzlement 1 bon there was the case in which he admitted that he was guilty of selling goods and keeping money longer than he should do The jury would bear in mind what he had said about crimes not being always committed in the most skilful manner but it did seem strange that a person intend n g to keep money should take the course the 1 Jambin" took He brought every witness he could get in order to show them the money A person who intended to em bizHc monty said as little about it as possible He must have gone to the house for the second time following out that idea of bringing witnesses to corroborate his evidence That was not indicative of an in tenuous wind because an honest person did not suspect those difficulties that was one reason why the making of evidence was so objectionable The plaintiff had not but tried his case in any way by this course of action After alluding again to the evidence of Randell as being corroborated by the actual collection of the money his honour said that he did not know that the evidence of the cannon would have been of much A altie He might not have heard what passed or paid any attention to it but of course the jury would draw what inference they 1 leased from his absence The story of Alexander as to the payment of the money to the defendant was either true or a pen of invention and this was the part of threatens which the jury were required to find their calmest ation now There was the conflict of evidence with regard to the plaintiff's entering the house and with regard to his having paid the money if he did to in They would have to say whether any acknowkdL,m<»nt of the deceit of the money was ever made by the defendant If they could rely upon what was deposed there was on acknowledge, went It seemed to him that they could not test over this supposing they disbelieved that Randell and the plaintiff were to keep the money between them 1 when they arranged to do that and did it or the money must have reached the defendant. The jury as regarded this point could behest of the plaintiff and his witnesses or the defendant if they believed Randell and Alexander they could not believe the defendant He did not know that the quota tion from the Merchant of Venice took the case much further It was very apt, but there was no telling what was the intended in plication The defendant said he was not likely to make such a quotation It would it quire much cleverness to make so apt a quotation and it would require a great deal more cleverness to meet such a quotation is a corroborate a circumstance Yet this must have been an invention according to the defendant The conversation must late been all fact or all fiction He did not see Randell s object in inventing that come citation and sweating to it unless he got something for it. He left the jury to decide that ] loan and also to say whether it was likely that the defendant would have it on the plaintiff a receipt for the money The letters referred to seemed to a certain extent corroborate e of Randell s statement, but it was a question how far such evidence could be trusted The credit of Randell was impugned because he had improperly on dorscQ some scrip and if the jury could say To did that intending to carry, out a fraud such a conclusion would materially affect his character His honour after briefly alluding to the withdrawal of the action of Randell against Jones directed the jury that they would have to consider the probabilities of the case and be guided entirely thereby The evidence of the witnesses must be examined tat d brought down to as narrow a point as I possible, and then the jury would have to see how the probabilities stood The jury retired at ten minutes before six o'clock and after an absence of two hours returned and asked his Honour whether they would be permitted to return a qualified verdict ' His Honour said they must decide one way or the other and could not give a qualified verdict. The jury again retired and on coming into court at ten minutes before midnight The 1 open an stud there was not the most remote a possibility of the jury agreeing They were then the charged and the Court adjourned until this morning, at ten o'clock 