EXTRAORDINARY OCCURRENCES. — We faka the. following from the Burrangong Argas of Saturday; it reads remarkably " sensational," but is treated of seriously by the journalise:—In these enlightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the following statement.of w&at; has befallen three respect able men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoar. The three men referred to are splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush, near their hut, a white object about the size of a cat, but of co particular form. This extraordinary-looking object suddenly sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and one another. On another oc casion they retired to bed as usual on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this nor the former occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its sud denly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite, dumb founded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly looking animal somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This ani mal came right in front of the hut, and com menced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occa-! sional rattling of his chain. As the animal1 would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the con tents direct at the brute, but the shot took no effect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was,1 remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have re turned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which bad been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while look ing, distinctly hear the same noise described | above. They watched for some time, the plate being kept in motion,, and the noise being as distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last these men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut bad been pulled down and its contents brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have Btated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other ;with an axe, and afterwards fell a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appear ance. The men will most probably be in town to-night, when we shall hear further particulars, which we shall not fail to give in | our next issue. j 