SYDNEY GOSSIP. [FKOM Otrn OWN CORKESPON'DE.VT.] February 19; LET me congratulate you on your mcmbor. I.have always thought you rather favoured in ft representative rospect; or rathor, por liaps, havo partly forraod my opinion of you from the stylo of your representative. Dopend upon it there is "something in that," as Mr. Parkes would say. In this way a gallery view of the IIouso becomes equivalent to a bird's-eye view of the colony. I survey this fine country from Eden to the Clarence, and gatlier tlio general character of the various districts from that of thoir representatives. Is it a delusion of mine that as tho elected aro so are tho electors? Am I wrong-labour ing under tho illusion of a fond but faithless fancy when in the chaste simplicity and genial bonhommie of my lion, friend tho Post master-General I recognise tho primeval beauty and rich social charms of tho Austra lian Eden ; or in the doop-toned eloquence of tho illustrious Dignaiu, see rollectod tho i ; ? ; i correct tasto and. exccllont judgment of those who choao him as thoir jnoutkpioco ? I will not beliovo it, and as a proof that I am right in my favourite fancy, 1 appeal unto Drivor. I ask confidently who would elect Drivor but a community of Drivers ? Ex mo disce * omnea. Let us shake hands with all the littlo Drivers in the person of thoir big brother. It will bo quite as satisfactory, besides saving a world of trouble. I am right then in supposing that as Mr. Macleay is you are-jealous of the honour of tho country in which you live, and the sworn foes of her slanderers. You avo proud, doubtless, as you ought to be, of tho fact that ill your member she has found a champion, and you will rejoice to hear that in the last encounter as in the first-as in all his encounters, in fact, whether with robbers iu the bush. or "ghosts" in the House-he has aoquittocl. himself gallantly. The groat battle commenced on Tuesday. (^i The curtaiu drew up to a full Iiouso; pit, boxes, and gallery were crammed, in ovidenfc anticipation of "something exciting," in which commendable hope, however, they were for some time disappointed. Mr. Macloay is not partial to " scenes," and kept strictly to the point. Never waa there a calmer speech delivoreil on ao exciting a sub ject, and never was the manner of a speech more admirably adapted to the matter. It was gr.ive, dignified, and logical, a faithful narration, in fact, of the cvidonce upon which the Committee hiul based the report, which ho now asked the House to confirm. Only once or twice did he permit his faculty of saying nasty things nicely to get tho better of his evident intention to prevent his motion being treated as a personal attack upon Mr. Parkes. Ho indulged in but littlo oratorical embellishment, even at the close, and concluded by placing a very simple issue before the House-were the statements of tho late Colonial Secretary, as to the existence o^ a conspiracy, true or not S When Mr. Macleay subsided, Mr. Parkes rose, and tho temperature with him. The hon. gentleman ' got up in a bad humour, worked himself into a rage, and sat down in a fury. Never was the contrast greater or more significant between the accuser and the accused than on this memorable occasion-the one calm and collected, almost to sternness; tho other all fire and fury, blustering out his indignant denials, and making all manner of counter charges agvinst tho Committee, tho witnesses, and all concerned, as utterly irrelevant to the point at issue, aud probably as unfoundod in fact, as they certainly were unsupported by a particle of evidence. He was disgusted with the case, lie said, and predicted tho equal disgust of his Royal Iiighnes3 when ho found us still lighting over the corpse of his would-be assassin. No one doubts tho " dis gust " in either case, but who is responsible for it t No doubt it is very disgusting to be dragged to the bar of public opinion, and pilloried as an impostor, but thare is a larger ' 'disgust" which is entitled to still greater con sideration-the disgust of a Whole people, basely and falsely accused of a great crime which they had never dreamt of coinnuttiug. It may seem incredible, but still it is rumoured amongst the knowing ones, that the result will probably be in favour of Mr. Parkes and tho "ghost." Hon. goutlemen, who outside the House Would resent tlio slander upon the colony, almost as a personal insult, will, nevertheless, it is said, be found voting with the slanderer. Surely the forco of party spirit can 110 further go. Just soo in what a position such a public misfortune would place us. On tho ove of a, visit from, tho very Prince whoso blood has alroady stained our shores; we can find nothing batter to do than to pass a solemn resolution that we are not to be trusted-that wo ara « nc3t of assassins, harbouring secret and deadly crimes, and if ho ventures, amongst us ho does it at the risk of his life ! This would bo the logical result of .adopting Mr. Parkes' view of tho labours of theCommittoo, Mr. Parkes deprecates discussion because tho Prineo is coming. It is no wonder; tho Priiicc is Mr. Macleay's best witness. Tho Patriotic Australians, I mean, the Australian Patriotics, or whatever the young gentlemen who call Mr. Richard Driver oliief, stylo themselves, have been discussing tho quastion, " Should members of Parliament bo paid or not ? " I was not present. It is my mis fortune to bo a " true born Englishman," and I was therefore ineligible for admission amongst tho patriots of my adopted country. But I can quite imagine the general tone of tho debate. It is very natural' that tho Australian Patriotics Bhonld disouss such a question, It is understood on the best authority-I have it from Parkes himself, who received an anonymous letter on tho subject tho other day, of wlrio'a ho dreamt all night-that after the rising that may shortly be expooted of tho native clement,, tho execution of the Governor and Major? General Waddy, and the elevation of Driver to the dignity of first President of tho AuSr tralias, only the sons of tho soil will be quali fied for election as members of Congressi. Thoro isthereforo, as Parkes observed to me<au " evident design in thoir discussion of sucln a question as tho payment of members at- this particular period." The Association, how ever, is not by any moans to bo laughed rtt. It is already becoming a power in tho state, or at any rats in the city. Witness the result of tho lato election for the City Auditorship in which a new man wasrotumod over tho head - of that old. and well, tried public servant, Mr. Joseph Carroll, solely, it is understood, through the exertions of tho association on bohalf of thoir countryman. It is truo, tho billot is a small one, and Mr. Carroll is an Irishman; but this is the sort of thing tho -Patriotics aro going in for-"Australia for tho Australians." Candidly, so far as I am concerned, thoy aro welcomo to the whole of it. Tho Prince is at our gates' again. I don't heirmaiiy "notes of preparation," partly, perhaps, from tho general sarcaeity of " notes " of anothor description. His recop tion, howovor, if less magnificent than on tho first occasion, will not be less hearty, if, indeed, it be not ton times heartior. It ia to bo hoped that, whatever may be tiio rosult of tho Parliamentary strife now raging, his pro sonco will have tho cfToct which is, doubtless, intended-tho allaying of tho fiorce passion" that tho tragedy of liist year was tho means of stirring up amongst us, by giving us tho nMur.mco that whatever wo may think of oaeh other, iil'tho opinion of tho portion mQ3t iuterosted wo are guiltless. 