eUAPZBQJfS. (From. Ot Saturday SmAan.l The duties of a chaperon are manifold, and, on the surface of things, contradictory to a be wildering extent. She has to attract and to guard, to- allure and to restrain, t& throw the line dexterously and with intent, but to prevent too much independent fluttering on the part of the bait, and too much nibbling on the part of the tisu angled for ; and yet without fluttering and without nibbling how can she get a valid bite 1 UltC IMV* Ul MAC 11C1 WiirCfi W lUJtrjLCk, UU4 OMKT lias to surround them with artful contrivances of defence-work, while setting them, forth as attractively as may be ; she has tu work hard to destroy the health, purity, and freshness on which she bases her best hopes ; and she has tv toil fur her uvu undoing and to labuur for uu reward. This is ihe el liical view of a chaperon's lite. The practical or real condition is even harder to understand ; and how the institution even grew* into what it has now become, and on u'lut principle it is founded, ore mysteries scarcely to be explained. Iu Fiance a chaperon is an absolute power with strictly -deliucd duties and sharply -marked responsibilities, tike holds her charge as a very fi-ail vessel indeed, whom she has not out}- to keep from evil influences from the outside, but whose inherent weakness and propensity to fall into mischief voluntarily and on her own account have ty be perpetually guarded against ; the central point of ail French morals being the innate depravity of human nature, and more especially the innate depravity oftlie young. Consequently men kuow what they have tu expect when they encounter an ingenue taken abroad into the world under the eves uf her chaperon or her mother. They know tliat when they lead her out to dance they must keep within earshot uf her chaperon, and be careful not to sneuk to her at all when the exi gencies of the tigure have removed them from hξ'mg distance. They know that they must bring her back to mama the instant the dance is ended, and deposit her with a formal bow safe under the protecting shadow waiting to envelop her. They know that they would be held to have acted ill a manner both malkontiite and reprehensible if they said or did anything what soever tliat might touch her feelings or arouse her intelligence. And knowing all this, they treat their pretty ingenue with the same kind of care with which they would handle a fragile wax dull : and judge of her real nature, if they judge of her at all, as tluey best can by the mere sketch afforded them by her face and bearing, and the timid tones of her voice, when they hear them, uliich is liot always. Stupid as all this is, both for the iiigenu* and her partner, it is thorough; and we accept it as the logical con clusion »t' certain foregone premises. Given, a irau youiu, inuc.n luciiuea u- naugntuiess, ana having to be kept straight by the force of outside circumstances, by the care and restriction and unceasing vigilance of the mature whom experi ence has made wise, not to say suspicious and distrustful, and we can understand the French system, though we may not agree with it. Given, ou the other hand, the American idea that the earth and all the fulness thereof is made for the young only, and the first duty of boys and giris , as soon as they leave the schoolroom, is to shelve the old folks and go ahead without delay — given the national belief in the power of all young people to guide themselves aright quite as well, and a great deal better, than their elders can guide them— and we can understand why chaperons are discarded over the water ; and why the theory of their necessity is scouted as an insult to the free and enlightened juveniles who maintain tliat no dangers exist among themselves as uu unchecked body for which advice is needed or guardianship required. So may it be. Heaven forbid that we should judge ; and, miracles being not impossible, Transatlantic n at are may be different from European humanity, and the fire uf youth may (who knows ?) be able to bum clear, without smoke or flare, in the home of the setting sun. Never theless, it does seem to us somewhat strange to hear of splendid balls where crowds of smartly UlC^SCU O.ULL IJUJ4JC icn|ir;ubiii/tc JTUUIlg nUlllVU have nut the ghost of a chaperon among them ; of sleighing parties in the brisk winter moon light, with never a wary father nor cautious mother to guard the Iambs from the wolves ; of torchlight skating on the crowded ' links,' with no prudent guardian to steady the tottering steps of inexperience, and prjvide against the dangers of a fall on such slippery ground. To a French mother, to whom even our much more restricted freedom seems a dangerous tempting of Provi dence, such ways and manners are of course anathema marantxtha, and not to be accepted as possible with innocency ; and many are the equivocal positions iu which a free sitokeu, free acting American girl places herself, and much and grave the misunderstanding to which she subjects herself, all in the uaivetst manner Dossi ble, when first she enters trench society, and learns, to her astonishment, that young girls are supposed tu be given over hopelessly mto the power uf the Evil One unless they have a chaperon always at their elbow to pluck them back by main force. But to us also this is an amount of liberty by no means desirable ; and -more than one Belgravian mother has heard with dismay whispers of the coming revolt, when our English young ladies intend to adopt the American flag, be their own generals and lieu tenants, and cashier all their chaperuus as bo many worn-out dummies, of no use whatever. Now it seems to us that this is a revolt quite without cause. Heaven knows it is not much that chaperons do nowadays to restrain the in dependent action uf the young, ur tu interfere with their liberty. Very few place any limits to the amount of pleasure indulged in during the season ; and quite as much flirting as is good for the soul uf man or woman is allowed to go ou under the eyes of the most watchful. Certainly chaperons, as an institution, still exist and flourish, largely ; but it would be difficult to dis cover their exact use^, if \vc txcepl the uses of vicariousness and responsibility. If girls were wise they would know that no freedom is ho great as that which is got by the shifting of re sponsibility. Bo long as they have a chaperon on whom to lay the burden -j1 lln-ir follies, they may be as impudent aa they. like. ; but once left tu themselves, they enter int.. the difficulties uf responsibility ; and if they have more freedom than even now, they have aU- u- l«ar inure blame for mistakes. Ah tiling- are, their ch.i|ie rons bear the bruiit for them ; and if they are faster than they ought to lie, p.--,pie coiidcimi mamma for allowing theui to *' g-- -m so,' more than they blame the girls for th'-ir uverpiu* of liberty. They will find this -n:t t-i their oist if they translate the whUper.d threat into an acted reality. To be muv, mm-Ii radical changes, take time to complete lli.Mif elves, and though year by year haa -''-'ii the gradual ex tinction of the chaperon h irmr.il vitality, and season after Reason lias ui;uU- her duidtimw mnrt and more mythic, while ai-['Mi;in.-w are held m essential as ever, tall it will be long vet before English society will i-on-ei.t i-. l*- beaded W young %nniarned gitl»- -Ww tUe grace IH |pud inherent in at Jea«t tlie idea uf a goutier mtuiUU disregarded, and our iiiairJeu»»re laftto go right and Left at their o»u t,*/txl willm, with out « chaperua to onuitcavne them, m ? «*f*- taker (o regraiu. U way all -mut in time, and probably « according v, tb» way tiring* an gniog i tail ant just 0, «« rfmld bopc Exciting Stone at Boux»»b: Sotwal BAnA»o$I£8fiiife Wnwnr- On TSteBday morning k Teryeiciyife and what nearly woved tobeat«gicsoeaer-*SeUrred on the sands at itadogBe. .The sight befuw k, itrong gale at wind £*d been blowing, *nd ooomemoDtiy the flood tide flawed iu at a more jM&jaifeHiaB; ? usual. A number ©f both J^ii and J&SWb;, visitors were ^atKing at the time, and there were four f*H*4*hHiffft more in advance than the rest, j The tide- rose with such extravrdiuary as to cover t.hf mm At fiut gJrauat float thf 9fr f''r '?a/-1-}''^a As soon as thefcAincerous predicament was dis covered horses were immediately galloped in to draw them out, but, ask proved, too late. One animal was all but submerged, and after strug gling some time with one of the machines, which he failed to move, he broke away. A number of volunteers went to the rescue of the imperilled occupants ofthe four machines, who, as may be imagined, were in a dreadful state of anxiety. Among these gallant men one or two English men appeared commendably conspicuous ; one. fully attired, rushed fearlessly into the sea, and did great service iu rescuing several persons from a watery grave. Eight or ten persons, both English and French (mostly women), were thus rescued, 'though in a very exhausted condition, and several lost clothing, jewellery, &c.; Ropes were bruucrlit into reouisituui. and a line of volunteers was formed on the sands until all were rescued, including a little dog, which was brought ashore upon the shoulders of a young French lady. Tlie machines were upset by the waves almost before they were deserted, and. one or twu completely wrecked. A very distressing 6ceue afterwards occurred. An. English lady, whose husband and son had gone to bathe that morning, hearing of the affair, rushed to the \ Bands and sought them everywhere withuut find ing them. She inwardly gave them up for iuut, though outwardly she preserved a calm demean our, but when, after an. hour's search, she sud denly met her husband and buy quietly walking on the sands, her pent-up feelings gave way. She threw herself into her husband's arms sob bing,, and the sceue that ensued was truly affect ing. -.uni/iiiu iwvunui ? ? ? a met ?*-» ^uuwivnu gentleman the other day, and we fell to talking about morality iu trade. It was admitted on both sides that American men of business were just as honest and as dishonest as English men of business ; but su far as I was concerned, I could not make out how it was that there seemed to be more trading scandals in the old than in the new country ' Wall, I'll tell you how it Is, sir,' said my American friend : ' my country and yourn proceed upon two different principles. In England it's reckoned the duty of the seller to set t Uat he does not cheat the buyer ; in America it's reckoned the duty of the buyer to see that he sn't cheated. In other words, sir, you look upon the trader who cheats as a rogue ; we look upon the person who is cheated as a fool Conse quently, when you are done out of a lot uf money, you make a great outcry, and have the dishonest parties up before a judge ; we, uu the contrary, keep the thing as quiet as we can, nut liking to let people know what 'tarnal fools we.ve made of ourselves. And let me tell you, that L guess oui-n's the sounder trading principle of the two. The buyer's wits are sharpened by it to that extent that the seller dosen t like to try it on with him, and bo becomes honest by compulsion, as it were.' 1 could not help thinking, when I came to reflect on the matter afterwards, that there was a good deal of truth iu what my American friend had said.— Thought* in the TwUiglit in CoweU's Magaane. 