PICKINGS FROM "SYDNEYPUNCH.' GOOD-BYE TO THE SESSION. GOOD-BYK to the session, 'tis over, The scramble for places and pay ; Each patriot now is a rover, All flitted like swallows away; There's nobody left to invite one To nobblerise now at the bar, No chance for a chap to indite one Good, peppery, personal par. ; The Speaker may sleep through December, Macleay hasten back to bis "crows," And GeoiT. without shaking remember He's got such a thing as a nose. Good-bye to the session, the lobbies, The lunches, the suppers, and beers, The "hums," and the "hahs," and the hobbies, The jaw, and the chaff, and tho cheers ; The blather, and bluster, and blunders,- . The fights 'tween the "noes" and the " ayes," The Ghost's oratorical thunders, The Ghost's oratorical lies ; Denouncings of Papists and treasons, Inciting? of war to the knife, For the worst of all possible reasons, The stirring up hatred and strife. Good-bye to the session, the squabbles Enough to make any one sick, " I pays for the roast pork I gobbles, But you, you brute, gobble on tick ! " The voices deliriously blended " Iiogue .'" "swindler!" "ass J " " fiddle stick ! " " fool ! " And then when the tempest is ended, Ecavt<5, three-up, or pin-pool; The shouts and the laughter uproarious As the cab rattles over the stones, The patriot happy and "glorious," To rattle at midnight the bones. Good-bye to the session, Sir Jemmy, The knight of the wig and the gown 5 The puritan Wilson, so prim he Would put all the "cakes and ale" down; The labour in vain of the bold man Who rivals the Windeyer's fame, And the eloquent tongue of the old man, for lang be remcmberd his name ! The chamber where oft thro' the night sighed The Speaker of slumber bereft, The political sheep on tho right side, The political goats on the left. Good-bye to the session ! Another Will come with its hopes and its vows ; Will it fritter away like its brother In twaddle, and squabble, and rows ? Will it come with a rose or a nettle ? Will it come with a blessing or curse 1 Its measures and men better metal, Or both of them fifty times worse ? Will it come but to chaff and to chatter? Will it come but to live and to die Onhonoured, unwept ? Bah ! what matter ! Good-bye to tho session, good-bye I 