THE DUKE AND SIR JAMES FER GUSSON AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. No dramatic season in the colonies has ever been inaugurated b'ke this one at the the Theatre Royal, Adelaide. The opening ijerformance was under the natronams of a frince, an Acting uovernor, ana a uoveruor Elect. The National Anthem had to be ;hrco times sung during and after the per formance. Coppin's star company% never —not even m Montgomery's time — ippearcd to such a house. The gallery ind pit were not simply packed — ;he heads and shoulders of the vic tims looked as if some hydraulic pressure iiad been employed to economize space. In the dress circle there was hardly a local notable wanting. They bail turned out to a man— anil a woman— to receive the distin sjuished visitors. In front of the Theatre HiiuUey-street could hardly contain the thousands who had assembled to take part in the outdoor performance. This consisted in starting a cheer every time a carriage wheel was heard turning round Platts'u Corner. Seventy and seven times the patient multitude was sold, but still it peered away with unflagging vigour till about half-past % when it proved to be right for once. A real carriage came ilown the street this time, and the troopers in attendance foretold that it was the Prince and tfee Governor at last. The third act of the first piece was beginning when a tremen dous huzza outside drowned the pleasant voice uf Miss Stoneham, and distracted attention from her ingenuous easy acting. About half-past 9 the royal party mustered in the State box seven in all, including His Royal Highness, Colonel and Mrs. Hamley, the Private Secretary (Cap tain Clarke), the Prince's Equerries, the Hon. E. Yorke and Lieutenant llaig, and Police Commissioner Hamilton. In tho adjoining box were the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. T. Bagot), the Treasurer (Hon. H. K. Hughes), the iron. Mr. Curzon, Captain Fyler, Lieutenant Turner, Dr. Owen, of the 50th, Mr. J. G. Daly, and Mrs. J. G. Daly. The Prince was in naval uniform, and had a hearty sunburnt appearance. His entry into the box brought the pit to its feet en mnsw, and elicited a pealing huzza from the house. His Royal Highness stepped forward to the front of the box, and presented him self with a thoroughly natural aud unaffected sense of the universal desire to see him. He stood *for a second or two modestly surveying the pit, whence cheer after cheer rang upward, to oe echoed in louder tones from the gallery. Then the orchestra struck in with the National Anthem ; more cheering followed, and finally the house settled down again to the enjoyment of a really enjoyable play. About tho middle of the act there was more huzzaing outside ; another commotion at the entrance of the dress circle, and a whisper mn round the House that Sir James aud Lady Edith were coming in. Lady Edith's face as she entered the box was the signal for a second upheaval of the pit— not quite so simultaneous this time, for the now movement was not uni versally understood. But the original of the portraits which have been circulating under the name of Sir James Fergusson appeared immediately beliind Lady Edith, and gave the house it3 cue. The volley of cheering which followed wan uiimistakeably geuninu and cordial. 1 1 had to finish off as before with the National Anthem, and the artora who found their role* thus unceremoniously taken out of their hands were allowed to resume them again. It should bo mentioned, as part of the history of the evening, that ?Sir James was accompanied by his Aidde Camp, Captain Edgecumb, and his Private Secretary, Mr. Morris. So large a portion of this notice has been monopolized by the ' distinguished vistora'' that Mr. Bellair's company must excuse us doing them summary justice. We tako this liberty with all the less compunction for being able to assure the public that they have obtained this time the Kind of dramatic talent which bears protracted study. There was hardly a member of either caste on Mon uay mgnt wno ma not awaken nopes oi luture interest. Even Mr. LawTence, an old friend, who has undergone a six months' scrutiny already, has not come back a stereotyped Bubject. He develops slowly, but still he is developing. Under the Coppin management he was stiff, and at times a little weari some; but with better surroundings he can rise out of himself. We hope to see him this season make a rule of his exceptionally good playing hist year. From the debutantes — who are legion — much is also to be hoped. If no single actor or actres3 can be placed far above anything we have had before, taken together they are certainly superior to any of the stock companies of recent years. There is a new and fresh style of playing among them. It is also in some respects a better style. The gentle men are easy and natural. The ladies can be piquant without looking brazen-faced, and tender without going off in a cataract of hysterical sighs. The funny men do not aspire to live by fun alone, and have more sense than to sacrifice everything else to the raising of a laugh. They act their several parts as well as manufacture fun, and there is something to look for in them beside a round of comicalities like that of a circus clown. We have not space to describe either of tho pieces fully, but we hope neither of them will be .withdrawn before we have had several other opportunities. Both deserve a run of— a month at least one might say in any other town than Adelaide — but novelties every other night have become such a con firmed rule here that a week would be deemed an unprecedented run. 'Caste' deserves its week, for it is one cf the nearest approaches that have been made to a revival of genuine comedy. The moral of the piece is marrying beneath one's station, or as Sam Gerridge would professionally paraphraso it — 'off one's own burner.' There is a Marquise de St. Maur(Mrs. Stoneham), who considers Norman blood to be the real salt of the earth, and Froissart's Chronicles to be a second revelation. She has an only son, a dashing guardsman, George D'Alroy (Mr. Munro), whose marriage, according to the Belgravian principles of caste, is the mission of her widowhood. But the irony of fate gets him into love with an actress, Esther Eccles (Miss Eloise Juno), and never allows him to draw bmith till he is privately married. As representatives of the lower end . of the social scale, there is Sam Gerridge, a gastitter (Mr. Hill), who aspires to Polly, and a business of his own in the Borough road ; also Eccles, senior.a 'working man's friend,' who asserts the dignity of labour by sponging on his acquaintances in general and. his two daughters in particular. The guardsman, after his unequal match, has betaken himself to India, where he ia taken prisoner by Sepoys during the mutiny, and disappears from the play for a time — evidently, to afford Miss Juno as Esther Eccles an opportunity of figuring' in tho ^motional character of a widow, Tiio wwik lesseaof her sister's ariatwiratie connections iias a democratic ini) nonce on tho mind of * I'olly Eccles, and promotes tho suit of .Sam iierridge, enabling him to out-distance his latent rival Captain Hawtuc— inodd swell, md staunch advocateof Casto. Ho might have been only too happy to make an exception iu Polly a case as his friend D'Alroy had dono ii Esther's, but Sam is beforehand with til n, and extinguishes his burner. Scene third and climacteric — Huwtnu returns , from India to console and aauiat D'Alroy'a widow, with an eyo on Polly all tho while. D'Alroy, who, of course, has had a miraculous escape, enters Esther's house while Polly, Sam, and Hawtuo aro celebrating Polly's engagement with toa and '' shnmpa. He announces himself as his own* ' ghost to the groat dismay of roily, t\to utter confusion of Sam, and tho joy of liia friend 'if i r ,,^sthcr- wl»» I«w diBpawd of her , !'-' Vinino n!»l«y i' nn adjoining room, has to bo awakened, aud her imv-fouud happiness imparted to her. 'J ho spaainodics arc roheved by tho eutrauco of tho Marquise, quotuig her favourite Froissart, and uf ™~T*Ott ov«l«weK*l with gin in tho cause of the working man. fjraaft fluaU,. unl? tt C0UfT U? that «»y l»ve mis understood everybody ol8e. ibc Norman blood admits that after nil mk I b,' he guinea stamp, and &»„, ?n«i,,riicatp; \v Ihe piece may not be very clever in itself but it has suggested a s.-ries of effective characters. All of them leave much to the actor's own discretion and give him ample seoiw /or his peculiarities. The natural talent of the ilivmntii pmome can bo easily seen through the not very significant word* put m their months. From thi* point nf view Mr. Kolhir %in*d well u,i a low ounediau. Hin voico imperially has a tendency to get stilte.l and product* a forced maunw, but where there- is mmi for tho „ robustious he soon shows that that is what ho excels in. Air. Hill is Hip opposite of this— a specimen of itatural case and unrostrnintHl humour, lie never betrays bin aim \\-f appearing funny an too many low comedians (lo. Mr. M imro has a vocation in the genteel line of business; He can play the gontlemau well on tho whole, though not uniformly well, lie baa a few awkward gestures and attitudes, but generally his ni.peanuioo a not au artiste to be sketched oil with ft ew lines of criticism. .She has apparently nore m her than any young actress that Iiuh ?lsitod Adelaide for years-imt excepting ;ho late MiS3 st. Denis. Hut it is far ?rom being fully brought out yet. A mo carnago nml an expressive face are her nM«t obvious qualities ut the present time. 1 here is also deep feeling ju llur Htvi0 ivn,i irue earnestness, but it has still to lie proved if shu possesses liability. Her mi ilimnt. uster Miss A. Stoneham ia her very anti thesis. She aims at tho sparkling fuscinnting and of excellence, and she has a good ?rospect of success. Sho lias n graphic ?owur of narration, and is evidently working icrself in smart rqHxrkc. Hero kIiu k hardly \--iual to Miss Tilly Earl, but practice may lroduec oven more than equality. Mrs. ?itonehiim is heavyisb in the old ady line, but nut nu-ntallv— only physi ?ally, and to some extent vocally. \rai with ill her solidity and her sepulchral con versa ;ion, Hlie produces the iuiprusaiou of a lady »vho can throw both these drawbacks into ;he shade when her intellect is thoroughly ?oused. In the ' Bonnie Fishwife,' Miss Juno had i truly congenial n---. Throwing olV moBt Jlfoctuully every particle of the restraint of the previous two or three hours, uho L'ntercd upon tho ticklish game of Lutangling a live Baronet's son iu her net with all the unnflocUid gaiety of a, child. Without falling into eustaciea about any part of her pertortnance it is iui. possible to resist tho impression that sha possesses very great ability. Her fame hi this particular character had preceded her, aud on this account sho was judged by n severer (standard thim Mould otherwise have been applied. Ami yet aho nobly stood u-o tost. Tho accent if not tho pure Scotch, was so excellent a counterfeit of it, that it required a very critical ear to detect the fact. And there was through nil her acting such a studious attention to the pwt she had to miiintnin— such a delightful truth to nature— that what ever defects existed slunk uway into the back ground, aud do not deserve to be recalled. Wo rely upon seeing .Miss Juuo ou many marc, occasions as tlie Luuuie Fishwife. Mr. Uellair's representation of tho excursionist anil lover was ti very spirited pieco of acting. Our old acquaintance AJr. Alusgrave liguml as the fussy inllanimatury puma, ju«t one- of those characters «o closely identified with our recollections of hjm Ou a less pretentious stage. His rendering of it revived the vague feeling which his renderings invariably produce, that inevitably there must be an explosion some (if these daya. May such an event be long deferred, for the stage could better Hpnre a better man. A convincing proof that the people enjoyed tho piece was alfordod in tho luet that they sat it out, although tho hour was late, and applauded it to the wry last. As it happened, mich a close to' the programme was most opportune, Hincc it appeared like a special compliment to Sir James Ferinisson and Lady Edith. The lloy.il and Viceregal parties re. inained until tho final fall of tho curtain, and on leaving the Theatre were cheered most warmly by the crowd iiiaide and the vastly greater crowd outside. In the ardency ot their loyalty, the street spectators lilt all too little room to allow of the ogi-ima of tho visitor.*. Wall in Honouh or the Kotai, Visit.— A meetiiiK of the Hall Coinnutlee was held at the Globe on Mouiluy afternoon; Sir J. 11. Fisher in the Chair. It was decidtd Unit ihe ball should be held ut the Town Hull ou Wednesday evening next, at y o'clock, li.K.U. tho Duke of Hdinburgli huviiiK already pioimsed to attend. Vurloun Subcommittees wuro appointed to make arrange ments for the occasion. A deputation was ap poinjcu to wuit on hir James KeruutMon to teiiUCHt the honor of liu company with Lady Edith mid suite, and it, was rewiivul to Bend nivilutiuns tu Lieuu-Loluncl and Aim. Uamlcy ami tiic olliccis of the Ualuteu. Air. llines in to Iw the caterer, unU the nupper is to be laid iu the Council Uliatutor. Application for tickets for the ball will be nerved up till 5 o clock to-day. Tub llACtH,— va Monday afternoon a deputa tion, conaistiujj of hir J. 11. tfulier, Hous, J. Morphett and J. HodxkisH, Mmrn, J. Chambers. E. M. Bagot, W. K, tjiiunw, and It. D. Koss, had an iutemew with ll.li.ll. the Duke of lidinburRh at (Jqvermnent liome, and ubtuiued Ins promise to be present at the rato which are. to be held on Friday in honour of hia visit. Kace Booths.-Ou Monday ufternoon Mr. S. Barnard attended nt the (Jlobu Inn, and sold by auctiouthe sites of the booths at next Friday's races as follows :-Urand ttand, U. Aldridge (Prince of Wales); No. 1 .Booth, A. Jureit (Hotel liurope); Ho. 2, buch (Ularendou); No. 3, J. Schirmer (1'rado); Js'o. 4, Jiull (Duke of lidin burgh); is'o. 5, btapltton (Cumberland) ; No. 6, Uoddington (Shumrock); and bio. 7, Boylo (Castle). Amateuu Athletic Club.— Tho prizes to be . awarded at the lorilicoining meeting of tho Amateur Athletic Club arts to be »een at Mr. H. Su-inerV, Kuiidle-btreet. They cousint of eii veiy prettily chased silver cups and mug*, some small articles of jewellery, and gold pcncilcases. Mb. .Knight's Fiumvuukh.— on Monday even ing Mr. Knight made a very good display ef fire* works at the Towii Hall lor some time, but unfor-) tuna'ely his clothes t aught fire, burning his hands * and face. He was not tcveicly though painfully hurt, and had to discontinue the display lather Buddenly. The Criminal SirriNcs.-Tlie Criminal Sittings will be resumed this muniiug at 10 o'clock before Mr. Justice U wynne. Tub 50th Quken's Ows.-By an unfortunate typographical error the name of His Uxcetlrncy Lieutenant-Colonel llamley, now Senior-Major of the 50th, was omitted iu tha list of ullicets which we gave yesterduy. Wo hope that the arrival of ; the new army lkt will shortly enable us to rcpublish the lint with the late promotions. FOUNDATIO.V-STOXE UV UAWLEB AKD MVl£. I,aston liftiDGE.-The laying the foundation-Hon* of the tiawler and Willaatou Bridge, previously arranged for Wednesday, U by announcement ia our business columns postponed to the 23rd, ' - Cricket. -On Saturday last a cricket match ni played on the North Park Lands between Mr. Young's scholars and the North-terrace Club. The former were victorious by 37 runs. Natiosal Bank at Pobt Wakep«uj. Amongst the kigns of progress at Port Wakefield is the removal of the national Bank to more eligible premises, necessitated by the fact that tha business of tho Bank has forced the authorities to seek better and more extended accommodation. - First Uail ok thb Hotlk's Plains IUilwa* —The fine steamer Albury arrived on Wednesday, at Port Wakefield from the Uoolvr a with oyet ft) men, thus nearly doubting the population at one stroke. The men were engpged by Mr. Macgeorge the contractor, for iailiifr the rails of the niiirsr' . On friday morning early preparations were made' forlayiuR the first rail, and Uaptatn Johnston, ol the Alburj, wwusked to perfotm the ceremony, whica no accordingly did amidst the cheering ot a large number present. People new begin to think, that at last.therels aarpbabllity of the line being available for next harvest, certainly not for tfifi M8J5QO. ?:- .* ' «6 ' ' 