PROFESSIONAL JEALOUSIES. (Spectator.) Lord St. Leonards' pamphlet reviewing Lord Campbell's lives of Lyndhurst and Brougham is amusing in a way. It shows how very human law lords are. Their business for the most part of their lives is abuseeither of each other, or of the unhappy witnesses who fall into their clutches or of Parliamentary opponents, or of judges who will not do as they axe bid. but they never seem to acquire any comfortable thickness of skin. Lord Campbell, a Scotchman, intent on getting on, not renowned for scruples, and not, one would have thought, particularly sensitive, seems to have cherished slighting remarks for years, and to have taken the trouble to prepare a book which he could not expect to see in print, in order,after his death, to give as much pain,not to his detractors, but to his detractor's admirers, as should compensate his own ghost for the rubs it had suffered in the flesh. Lord St. Leonards is not quite so revengeful; but after a life of strenuous and very successful battle with the world, he cannot stomach being called the "petulant, though learned Sugden," and writes a clever little book to prove that his nicknamer was in the habit of telling fibs. We dare say he waB; but the fibs do not tell very heavily against his foes, and we really should like, just as an exercise of discipline, to have compelled him and his present antagonist and most other recent law lords, not excluding the stately Lord Chelmsford and the logical Lord Cairns, to conduct daily—or for that matter weekly—papers for a month; to suffer the hourly bombardment ! r - . .,. , . . - . . , . , of accusing, insulting, or whining letters which is , " one of the h " enjoyments "of f that t W position. They would very soon get case-hardened, and still sooner come to the conclusion, that the majority of mankind are, with respect to their own merits or demerits, such captious idiots that their comments on anything affecting themselves are not worth the trouble of reading, much less answering them. Thin-skinned as most men are, however, there seems to be an extra quantity of jealousy and solicitude abont character among great lawyers which is not very easy to account for. Tnat men whose profession iB to make imputations, to compel innocent witnesses to look like scoundrels and generally to unveil the weak places of human nature, should resent charges on themselves, however slight, with acrid energy is natural; but why should they hate each other so ? The old rule about two of a trade is not sufficient to explain it all, for in many trades their professors stick together very fraternally. Attorneys, especially in a capital, are rarely rivals, and doctors keep np an etiquette of brotherhood which not infrequently involves positive wickedness, There is scarcely a physician in England who would not let his dearest friend remain ill for life rarherthau tell another practitioner, —whom he kneVi to be a fool,—that he was killing his patient by inches, or expose to the patient himself the incompetence of his attendant. Soldiers manage to live together very frankly and are apt to be very boastful about each other's feats; and civil servants, though jealous and over eager about promotion, rarely indulge in personal antipathies. Indeed, in almost all "services" the hierarchical character of the organization, by making obedience a duty, deprives subordination of its pain, to the material decrease of op» portunities for hate. Engineers are very critical of each other's works, but capable of a genuine admiration for any professional success; and clergymen, unless violently opposed as to theological opinion, tend rather to be cronies. When so opposed they fight hard enough, and are less measured in language than any equally educated class of meu, but then they take hard words without very conspicuous wincing. It is ridicule which tries their tempers, The average clergyman is apt to think there is something sacred about himself as well as about his message, and takes sarcasm much as lower-class Englishmen take "'chaff" from their superiors, as conveying intentional insult. Bishops sometimes get beyond this, mixing more with men of the world; but average clergymen bear laughter directed against themselves as badly as the women whom in many other respects they are apt to resemble. There are jealousies enough among politicians, jealousies sometimes so strong as tu assume the form of hatreds; but they ge nerally end in very vehement dislikes, which find expression in speeches, and so in great part exhale innocuously. They must always be distinctive enough from each other not to clash directlv, and the cases are rare in which'oce member or one Peer is directly and unmistakably in another's way. The same cause modifies, with the help of the practice of anonymous writing, the jealousy journalists would else experience and perhaps express. Each man in the profession differs essentially from each other and becomes aware as time goes on that he cannot draw away his brother's audience or lose his own unless he alienates it for himself. The trade ri valry of journals supposed by outsiders to be so very bitter and possibly sometimes felt by pro- prietors alarmed for their cash, is we believe almost entirely imaginary, no journal which has once won a position ever being injured except from within. We venture to say, absnrd as many proprietors will deem the opinion, that a paper as good as the "Times" sold for a farthing would not reduce the circulation of the "Times" ten per cent. The new enterprise could not be the "Times." or very closely resemble it; and people who want the "Times" want it, and not something else, and if attracted by the farthing paper would only buy that too. 