" " DALBY POLICE COURT. (From the Dalby Herald of Saturday.) Wednesday, September 15. (Bcforo Dr. Howlin.) John Dyball and Thomas Sullivan wcro brought up in custody chnrged with horsestealing. Michael M'Kiomnn, sergeant of polico stationed at Dalby, said : OnWedncsdny, tho 8th instant, I reccivod information that three horses were missing from Mr. Ford's paddock, in Dulby, near tlio rail- way hoc, and that they wcro supposed to havo been stolen on tho previous night. After making somo inquiries about town, 1 went in pursuit of the parties suspected. I went to Warra Warra station that night. Tho following morning, Mr. Thorn gavo mo the use of a black tracker and fresh horses. I wont to Chinchilla. In conse quence of something I heard on my road, ond at Chinchilla, I went to n track known as tho old Dawson road. I was accompanied by Constablo Swords and a black tracker. After searching for some time, wo camo upon tbo tracks of three horses, ono of which was shod. We ran tho tracks along the road until wo camo to tho crossing of Rocky Creek ; thence into tho bush at tho right of tho road, and across tho creek on to tho main road agaio, at tho other side of Gcorgo Hat- ton's placo ; thence along tho road to whero the Roma and Taroora roads branch off, and along tho Roma road about thirteen miles to an old sheep station. From therencros9 tlio bush to tho Toroom road, then along that road to Bridge Creek ; thence in the bush to the left, nnd ncross the creek a littlo way down. It was then sundown, and we camped. We took up the tracks again tho next morning (Friday), nnd ran them through the bush on to the main rond about a mile nnd a half the other sido of John Yonng Black's place, and then along tbo road to Juandah. "When within a 6hort distanco of the gate of Juandah paddock, tlio black boy, who was leading, camo baok nnd spoke to mo. Tho horses that we wero riding nt tho timo wero almost knocked up, and wo could scarcely get a canter .out of them. In conscquenco of tlio condition of our horses, I thought it useless to nttompt to arrest men who were mounted. I sent tho black boy ahead with instructions to give mo a sign at a certnin time of what ho saw ahead. Aftor a littlo time the black boy did so, nnd then we wont on for n littlo way along tho road and turned off along tho creek. After riding for somo three or four hundred yards I saw Dyball nnd Sullivan sitting on a log in tho bend of the creek. There were three saddles some six or eight yards from them, lying on the ground, and tho three horses now out side the court were about twenty or thiif yards from them, feeding. Tho horses wero in tho samo bend of the creek, nnd wero only just turned ont, ns the saddle murks were not quito dry. I said to prisoner Dyball, "Whon did you como here?" Ho replied, " To-day." I said, " How did you come— riding or wnlkiug ?" IIo said, " I walked." I said to him, " Whoso saddles nro thoso?" Ho said, " Thoy nro mine," or "ours," T am not sure which. . I said, " How did- you get thorn hero— did you carry them ?" Ho said, " No. I havo horses." I snid, "Where are tho horses ?" Pointing to wards Juandah paddock, hosnid, " Thoynro there." That was not in the direction tho horses were grazing. I pointed to tho horses now outside tho court, and said, " Where did you get those horses?" ITo snid, " I did not get them nt all, I know nothing at nil about them." I then snid to prisoner Sullivan, "When did you come here ?" IIo replied, " I camo hero to-day." Ho also said, " I left Dalby on Sunday, and walked here." I took them into custody on a charge of horse- steal ing. Sullivan said, " You hnvo got tho wrong birds this time." I saw th'o boy Ingram coming up from the creek, and I also took him into custody. I asked Dyhnl! nnd Sullivan whore the other boy Flori was, and they snid ho was across tho creek. I went across tho crock and saw tho boy Flori coming towards tho camp, I said to him, " Wheu did you como hero?" Hosnid, "To- day, juSt now." I snid, " What horsc3 havo you 7" no pointed to tho horses now outside the court, nnd snid, " Them— thoso horses that are there." He said ho rode on the same horso with prisoner Dyball. I took him into custody. Whore this took placo is about 127 miles from Dalby, nnd about eighty miles from where wo picked up the tracks first. We conveyed tho prisoners and horses to Dalby, and confined tbcm in tho lock-un. Ono of the horses referred to has been identified as tho property of a man on Chinchilla station. Tho other two havo been identified as two of the horses fltolen out of Mr. Ford's paddock. Tho third horso stolen out of Mr. Ford's paddock is described as being a grey. Ou our way back from Juandah to Dalby, 1 got a grey horso at Chinchilla that had evidently beon recently knocked up. I took possession ofhim, but ho was so wonk that I could not bring him all tho way yesterday. At tho timo I arrested prisoners I searched all about the bush, but could find no horses in view in any direotiou but tho ones now outside tbo court. Cross-examined by Sullivan : When I first saw you I was about forty yards from you. You were sitting on a log— you wero neither riding or walk ing. # uross-examineu uy uyball : You wero also sit ting on a log when I first Baw you. When I 1 asked you where your horses were, and you pointed, I did not go to look for your horses in that direc tion nny more than looking from where I was. Tho horses I put your saddles on were not hobbled. I could see in the direction you pointed as far ns Juandah paddock, nnd there wero no horses there except horses travelling along tho road with drays. The prisoners were hero remanded. Fiuday, September 17. John Dyball and Thomas Sullivan, remanded from Wednesday Inst on a charge of horse stealing, wero again brought up. In tho box were nlso placed the two boys who were apprehended with them, Henry Flori and John Ingram, tho latter a half-cnsto. Tho four- prisoners wcro remanded until later in tbo day on the charge of horse-steal- Ing preferred,. and tho boys removed. Tho charge of stealing a brown mare, tho property of John Ilammil, was then proceeded with. Tho ovidcnce of Sergeant M'Kicrnan, who apprehended tho prisoners near Juandah on tho 10th, was taken. It was the same in substanco as that re ported on Wednesday. Henry Flori, a boy thirteen years of age, tho son of a publican in Toowoomba, was then placed in tho witness- box, and ho deposed ns follows: — I know tho two prisoners, but I have known Dyball longest. I saw him thrco or four weeks ngo at my father's houso In Toowoombn. Ho said he had a station up country, and I told him I should like to see-it; but my father refused to let mo go with him. Dyball said I might go with him if 1 liked, and I replied " All right." Sullivan was present, and snid ho and Dybnll were mates, nnd they would givo.me a share of each beast they mustered on tho station nnd sold. I left my father's houso early on Saturday morning, tho 4th instant, and /walked with prisoners nnd the boy Ingram to 'Dalby. We got to Blaxland's boiling-down place on Sunday, and Sullivan said ho would stop there as ho did not like going into town for fear tho polico would seo him. He kept a blanket of mine. Dyball, Ingram, nnd myself then came to town and stopped at Greenwood's public-house, where wo remained "until. 'Tuesday evening. Dyball bought three saddles nnd bridles on Tuesday, but they were not taken from the saddler's shop, until after tea. We took them to a placo beyond Lynch's public-house, and plautcd them behind a tree. I then went to Greenwood's for my things, and when 1 returned to where tho saddles had been placed Sullivan was there with tho swag. Wo all four then went to a paddock whero there was a yurd beside Ibc fence. Four horses wcro put in the yard, and Dyball and Sullivan caught three of them ; the other was wild nnd escaped. The throe horses were then taken to where tho saddles were planted. There was a grey horse, a brown horse, and a bay horse. We saddled the horses nnd put on tho swags. Dyball cut the horses tails. Wo then went to the edge of a Urge plain aad camped, starting agaiu the following morning boforo sunrise. Whon near Chinchilla, the grey horso knocked up, and Suliivon nnd Ingram caught a chestnut hoiso on tho other side of tho river, which was taken, tho gray horso boing left behind. Wo then rode on to Charlie's Creek, nenr Chinchilla, nnd camped. Wo started again next morning before sunrise, and stopped in a scrub at tho Rocky Creek, buying food nt tho public house. We then wont on, nnd after travel, ling- some distanco Dyball told Sullivan he thought we were on the wrong road, as that was not the way they camo down. Wo went on to an old 6heop station, and then turned off tho road to tho right. After travelling somo timo wo got on to another track which Dyball said was tho right one. Wbon wo got near Bridge Creek we turned off the road, so that no one could sco the horses, nnd camped for tho night. Loft again on tho fol lowing morning, and went on tho road to Juandah, camping at the crock for dinner, and taking the saddles off the horses. I saw Sergeant M'Kicrnan nnd tho polico nt the camp about a quarter of nn_ hour after wo took tho saddles off the horses. The horses tho polico took possession of aro tho same. that wo rodo. Two of them wero taken from tho paddock in Dalby, nnd ono from near Chinchilla. Tho brown mnro now outside tho court was taken from tho paddock. I had nconversntion with Dyball after wo were arrested. Ho told mo to say tbo horses taken by tho polico wero not the horses wo rode there, and thnt wo had other horses over the creek. John Ingram was with a publican in Toowoomba nnmod Hutching. I havo known htm for eighteen months. The groom at Ford's deposed to receiving tho mnro from the last witness and sending her to the paddock. t Tbo prisoners, in reply to the usual question,'- snid they had nothing to say at tho present stage of tho prosecution. Another chnrgo of horso-stcnling was preferred' against tho prisoners, after hearing which they were remanded till Saturday, tho 25th instant, to answer certain charges of passing valueless cheques. Heavy showers of rain, says tho Daily Herald , have faltcn around Dalby and in various parts of the colony during the past week. In tho town itself there has not been any raio of consequence. On Wednesday there was a slight drizzle, but uot enough to lay tho dust. Very heavy rains aro reported as having descended at Cumkillenbur, uuuuuryuu, null ObuOr piitCCS, id Some lnSlJlOCCH covering tho lovol couutry with water, and ren dering tho'roads heavy. , r' Queensland Emigration. — Tho ship Royal Dane, 3000 tons burden, belonging to Messrs. T. M. Mackay, Son, and Co: (says tho European Mail), sailed on Juno 25 from Gravcscnd, and on July 2 from Plymouth, for Queensland. Captain L. Davis, commander ; surgcon- suporintcndent, Mr. E. W. Pocock ; Miss II an cox, matron. The Royal Dano ia tho ninety-second vessel thnt has1 sailed on tho land order system Of emigration, under the immediato direction of the Queensland Government Office, 2, Old Broad-street, London. She contains 411 souls, divided into paying, assisted, and freo pnssougera, and consisting of 1G3 members of families, 1G4 singlo men, and 84 siogle females. Tiie " first rldo on tho rail" in Tasmania took placo on Thursday, tho 10th ultimo. Tho Mayor and Aldermen of Hobart Town, nnd all the celebrities, of Launccston, were present — this being tho formal opening of tho Launccston and Western Railway lino. A lecturer in Tasmania stated recently, as a credit to' tho Into Commissioner of 'Customs in Victoria, that that gentleman had 20 years ngo begun bis career in Melbourne by selling oranges at 6d. each. At a railway station near Melbourno recently a girl about ten years of ngo was about crossing tho line, when a train started, and nn up-trnin rapidly turned tbo curve. Tho child, with great prcsonco of mind, stood between tho two lines of rails until tho trains had pnsscd. She then fainted, but was. soon brought to. We are informed by tho Inglewood Advertiser that on Sunday a singular ceremony was per formed at Wedderbnrn in tho Chinese burial ground. According to the statement of a China, man wbo lives somo twenty miles from Ingle wood, ono night Inst week he wns visited by the spirit of a countryman, who has been forsotne timo gono to tho " flowery land," nnd informed him tbiit the said spirit felt tho effects of the lata frosts in his damp grave very much, nnd that ho needed several " creature comforts." John imtne-. dintcly camo to town, purchased a suit of now clothes, not even omitting a substantial flannel. These ho took to tho gravo of tho cold ghost, stretched them nicoly out on it, and then set them on firo. IIo afterwards poured tho contents of a bottle of brandy over it, placed some pipelights and a post at tho corners of tho gravo to each of which was attached a letter addressed to the " dear departed," When asked why he did not leavo a pipe and opium to bo used with tho pipo lights, John replied very reverently, "Got him too muchy down below fnointins: to tho omveh and then quietly mndo his exit. The fact was witnessed by several Earopenns, and it is tho second similar occurrcnco within a month. k The " Peripatetic Philosopher" in the Austral asian remarks " I do not want to repeat the old absurdities about tradesmen nnd gentlemen ; thnt is nil nonsense, and unfit for this rising young republic: but I regret to find that to bo a member of Parliament is coming to be considered a posi- ttve bar to introduction in decent society. If a man is good tempered, -honest, affable, educated, and wealthy, bo has still to bear tbo shako of tho head and tho pursing of the lip because ho is n member of Parliament.' This is wrong. This is not ns it should bo in a Chr stinn land, where thoro is a diamond mine, nnd a frco Press, nnd a people's Ministry. . But how comes this? I nm afraid bccauso our legislators will import into tho House of Assembly thoso graceful personal com pliments which they pass' to each other ntnid tho prinuoval solitudes of their hntivo gum. . They, some of them, ;regnnl mankind ns a team of bul locks, and use their' potonl epithets of persuasion and endearment' which 'havo been found so effec tive in tho treatment of thoso interesting animals. The other day we Had two respected members of the Council of our country using these persunslvo epithets; now we sco that mo6t honourable gen- tleman tho Minister for Lands - telling- another honourable" member- (nnd an ex-parson to boot) that ho was-' n d—d scoundrel.'" Lizard Story —At a recent meeting of tho Wellington Philosophical Society, during the course of some remarks bn a paper by Dr. Knox on the power of tho tree lizard to reproduce its tail after it became detached, Dr. Hector put a broad grin on tho faco of tho representatives of science present by relating tho following lizard story, which ho said ho had from tho lips of a well-known old whaler. It runs thus:— At nn early period of tho history of tho colouy, whilo the narrator was living on tho Island of Knpiti, ho tiscd to amuse himself occasionally, in tho in tervals of work, by watching the innocent gam bols of tho lizards on tbd islands where tbey abounded. Ho would crawl up as noiselessly as possible without disturbing thcro. In a ininuto or two he would raise a fearful yell, which used to terrify tho lizards so much that they shook off their tails in fright, and scampered off to their holes minus thai necessary appendage. He would lie perfectly still fur a short time, when the lizards would slyly pocp out of their holes and look care fully rouud. Seciog no sign of danger, however, they mustered up courage enough to venture out and look for their lost stern piece. Upon finding it, and making certain thnt it was nut a caso of mistaken identity, they used to back up carefully to tho detached member, which after a few wriggling contortions they invariably succeeded in re-shipping,, and travelled off rejoicing. Tho narrator wound up bin talo by mrivcly adding that ho would not havo believed it if ho had nut sueu it with his own eyes. 