MONDA Y, OCTOBER 11, 18C9. The Ministerial elections aro com- pleted. Notwithstanding the frantic violence of the Opposition, notwithstand- ing all the electioneering tricks of Mr. G. P. SMITH, and the pitiable exhibition of Mr. GRANT, six out of the eight new Ministers have been returned, and in almost every case by large majorities. This is the end of all those idle boasts that the Ministry would never be able to meet Parliament; that, except Mr. COHEN, for whom no opponent could be found, every one of the new Ministers would 'be defeated; that the p whole country was in favour of Mr. ' M'CULLOCH, and that the traitors and renegades-for such was the mildest terms applied to those who but a little while before were ranked among the best and wisest of the human race-were sure to meet with prompt and appropriate punishment. It is true, indeed, that the tactics of Mr. M'CULLOCH and his fol- lowers have met with a certain amount of success. They have been able to em ban ass, though not to overthrow, their opponents. The loss of Mr. BYRNI: and of Mr. BEEVES will doubtless be incon- venient to the Ministry, but* it will not prevent them from meeting Parliament or from winding up the business of the session, or from remaining in office at all events until the beginning of the year, or from thoroughly searching out the official mysteries of their pre- decessors. It certainly would be in- tolerable if a couple of cross-grained constituencies should be enabled to override the decision of Parliament, and to throw the confused business of the country into still deeper confusion. Collingwood has the glory of having at different times returned five different men at the head of the poll, and of having afterwards rejected each of them with ignominy. It is the very EEUBEN of politics-unstable as water, it shall not excel. In Crowlands, all the venom of the Loyal Liberal ultras was concentrated against Mr. BYRNE. No effort was spared to punish the ring- leader of the mutiny-the man who dared to think for himself. Mr. BYRNE does not appear, prior to his having been returned for the district in the honourable capacity of an " old " hat," to have had any connexion with Crowlands. Mr. ROLFE, on thai con- trary, seems to have had considerable local influence. It is not, therefore, surprising that this attack should have prevailed, and that the electors, in a matter in which no political principle was at stake, should have made their choice upon personal grounds. The other elections, however, are of far greater importance, both in deter- mining the fate of the Ministry and in showing the feeling of .the country. Neither Mr. BYRNE nor Mr. REEVES, though they are respectable men, have shown any marked political ability. They were accidentally brought to the surface in the strange political storms that we have for the last few years ex- perienced. No one looked to them as the main support of their Administra- tion. ¿Vhatever vitality the present Ministry may have, it is obvious that it must in any circumstances have been derived from the Ministers who have been returned, not from those who have I been defeated. And although such a loss as that of the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Public Works must be embarrassing, and must probably compel the Government to reconsider their position before the next ses- sion of Parliament, yet, as the pre- sent function of the Ministry ia manifestly to bring the session to an end, and not to propose any definite policy of their own, the inconvenience will not at present be seriously felt. So far, however, as the business of the present session and the debating power of the Ministry are concerned, the whole weight will faD, as in any case it would have fallen, upon the Ministers who have seats in the House. They have lost two votes by the recent elections, but that is all, and they are sufficiently strong to afford that loss. It is of more importance to observe that there are still so many and such important districts of the country which are not wholly given over to M'Cullochism. In Dundas, in "Villiers and Heytesbury, in Ripon and Hamp- den, in West Bourke, the opposition candidates were " old hats " of the most approved pattern. They had nothing to recommend them but their devotion to, Mr. M'CULLOCH, and they professed no other recommendation. No effort, a3 we have already said" was spared to insure their success. The late Ministers themselves did not disdain to mount the stump, and to do the work of gutter agents. The whole strength of M'Cul- lochism was put forward. Yet in all these cases the constituencies gave a prompt and decided refusal to the request that they should brand any disobedience to Mr. M'CULLOCH sa a heinous political offence. They have, in effect, resolved that their old representatives, whom, excepting Mr. MACDONNELL, they had sent to Parlia- ment to support Mr, M'CULLOCH, had done rightly in withdrawing their con- fidence from that gentleman's Adminis- tration, and that these representatives, in themselves undertaking the arduoiu duties of a Government, are entitled to a full and fair trial. In this schism of the party of which Mr. M'CULLOCH was so long the chief, the duty of the Constitutionalists ia plain, and has hitherto been faithfully observed. Their opinions on the great questions of policy on which they differed from Mr. M'CULLOCH remain un- changed. They have nothing in their past conduct or in their old principles to regret or to alter. So far, therefore, as the new Ministry adhere to the general principles on which Mr. M'CULLOCH acted, there is nothing in common between them and the Con- stitutionalists. But there is at least a chance, and we hope somethiug more than a chance, of obtaining from this Ministry some tolerable administration of public affairs. The entire system of Mr. M'CULLOCH'S government was based upon his peculiar method of working what we may call the business departments of the public service. Absolute power over the public property was, in effect, given to the Ministry of the day. In the exercise of that power, the Ministry professed to be guided-if, at least, we may trust Mr. HIGINBOTHAM'S speeches upon the Land Bill-by the advice of members of Par- liament, as being persons in whom large masses of their countrymen had reposed confidence. It was of course natural, and therefore expected, that members in whom the Ministry thus trusted in the forenoon, should trust the Ministry in the afternoon, and that confidence in the departments should be reciprocated by confidence in the House. There is at length an op .poitunity of breaking up this system. Whoever honestly undertakes this task deserves the hearty support of all those who, apart from any purely personal considerations, desire good government. It is in the hope, therefore, that the now Ministry will go on as they have begun, and will render for the future impos- sible those shameful abuses which have hitherto prevailed in someof ourprincipal departments, that the Constitutionalists have given them, and will we hope con- tinue to give them, a loyal support. On this one subject at least, whatever else may be their disagreements, the present Ministry and the Constitutional party heartily agree. Both of them wish for a better and purer administration of public affairs. When this great object has been attained, it will be time enough to consider our requirements in the way of new legislation. The proposition to hold a conference of colonial representatives in Westmin- ster, has naturally excited considerable interest and discussion in this part of HER MAJESTY'S dominions. Differences of opinion prevail with respect to what should be the composition and func- tions of such a body, if organised, and what advantage might be derived from its deliberations, supposing it were fairly in operation. But there is a general agreement of sentiment as to the im- portant services which are capable of being rendered to the Secretary of State for the Colonies by a con- sultative "council formed of men of high character, eminent ability, and long experience in connexion with the different colonies. We acquit the Colo- nial Office of any perversity of intention in dealing with the imperial govern- ment of distant dependencies. Its errors are most probably the errors of ignorance, confirmed by official tradi- tions, and that ignorance which is inse- parable from the present system of administration. To expect from Earl GRANVILLE, or from any other occupant of the office he holds, that he should h"/ conversant -with the current history/the political tendencies, social developments, and particular circumstances of each of forty or fifty colonies, every one of which differs from itself in the various stages of its growth, and differs from all others by some specific characteristic, is to ex- pect a superhuman capacity for acquiring and retaining information from an ordi- nary mortal, pre-occupied by Parlia- mentary duties, and not exempt from personal and social responsibilities as a man of property and a leader of society. Looking at the magnitude of the busi- ness transacted by the political heads of departments in England, and making every allowance for the assistance they receive from permanent officials, tha -wonder is that the cumbrous machinery -of government should work with so much regularity and efficiency, and that the sins of omission and commission into which the Imperial authorities are betrayed, should not be moro numerous and disastrous than they are. In so far na these affect the affairs of the United J£ingdom, they are capable of being promptly remedied or atoned for ; but a blunder in colonial policy cannot be " jnmediately retrieved, and is capable of producing an immense amount of mis- chief, and of engendering a strong feel- ing of bitterness and disaffection before its reflex action can be felt in Downing .street. It is for this reason, among others, that we are inclined to regard with favour, the proposal to establish a Con- sultative Council, in order to inform and advise the Secretary of State for the Colonies upon all questions affecting the policy of the Imperial Government in the outlying portions of the empire. It would not lessen the responsi- bility of that Minister to the Imperial Parliament, while it would materially diminish his liability to censure, and would assist to bring the relations of the mother country with her colonial offspring into perfect and permanent harmony. This we presume to be the desire of the parent state, as it is of the whole of her rising depen- dencies; for upon the cultivation and extension of these relations depend the unity of the empire, as well as the ability and alacrity with which any .member of it would rush to the assist- ance and defence of another portion in the hour of peril. It is not from pusillanimity, nor from -any distrust of its capacity to stand alone, that this group of colonies cherishes a feeling of loyalty to the British Crown, and is anxious to main- tain the integrity of the British Em- pire. We are proud of the connexion, proud of our common descent, proud of our common history, and proud of the future which awaits the English speak- ing race all over the world. We should deprecate and deplore the repetition, in any form, of the cardinal mis- take made by the Imperial Govern- ment in 1765. The alienation of New Zealand by the studied indifference of Earl GRANVILLE in 1869 would be a circumstance hardly less to be re- gretted than the violent separation from England of the North American colo- nies, brought about by the Stamp Act of GEORGE GRENVILLE, in the first named year. Whenever, in the fulness of time, the outposts of the empire assume the rank of independent nations, let the change be accom- plished by mutual agreement, and under circumstances which shall per- petuate mutual respect. It may be that this will prove the immediate prelude to the formation of a genuine alliance between all the members of the Anglican race-an alliance -capable of imposing peace upon the whole world, as well as of im- pressing the spirit of its legislation, the genius of its institutions, and the enter- prise of its people, upon the rest of civi- lised mankind. But in any case the main- tenance of perfect harmony in all her relations with the colonies, should be accepted as an object of paramount im- portance by England, and is earnestly desired by her colonial subjects. And it is as a means to this end, that we should be glad to see the Secretary of State for the Colonies instructed and assisted by competent and trustworthy advisers, qualified to furnish him with accurate and authentic information as to the wants, interests, and opinions of the several communities under his control, and able to give to their recommenda- tions or remonstrances all the weight de- rivable from local experience and from the confidence reposed in the advisers by the bulk of the colonists whom they would represent, and in whose name and by whose authority they would speak. A great colonising power like Eng- land cannot expect to escape the respon- sibilities of her position. As little can she expect to be successful in the en- deavour to apply an inflexible rule of policy to the fluctuating and dissimilar .circumstances of her numerous colonies. A father might as well impose the same regimen and discipline upon a stalwart stripling, full of rude health and robust vigour, as upon a delicate child enfeebled by disease. To admonish the one of the duty of self-reliance and a manly bearing, would be a mockery, while in the other instance it would bo superfluous. The Northern Island of New Zealand, in the exceptional cir- cumstances in which it is placed, stands in need of substantial succour from the mother country, and can very well dispense with moral precepts. A* regiment of soldiers is of more value to it than a shipload of despatches from Earl GRANVILLE ; and it will be quite time enough to talk about self-reliance when the Maori rebellion has been stamped out, and the white population has increased to such an extent as to render the revival of that rebellion a hopeless undertaking. The Australian Octobor mails will bo despatched by tho U.M.S. Malta, which will leave Hobson's Bay at 2 o'clock to-morrow. Newspapers and registered letters must bo posted before 6 o'clock this evening ; ordinary letters and newspapers, via Marseilles, may bo posted up to 10 o'clock to morrow morn- ing ; and on paying a late fee, letters will be received until 11 "o'clock, at the Molbourno office, and on board tho mail steamer up to the hour of sailing. In this morning's issue we publish our usual monthly summary for transmission by tho mail. j^Jhe Ministry won two out of tho three Z'Jf. .tions which took place on Saturday last* 'The Attorney-General (Mr. MacDonnoll) has been returned by an overwhelming majority, and there can be no doubt as to the election of Mr. Longmore, the Minister for Railways, although there are a few dmall returns still to -come in. As was alwoys anticipated, Mr. Byrne has been defeated an that stronghold of M'Cullochism-Crowlands. It is, however, satisfactory to observo tho little effect pro- duced by tho unscrupulous opposition to the new Ministry, which was initiated and has been carried out by Mr. G. P. Smith and his clique. Two seats havo been won, and they would havo been secured oven had the colony been spared the degrading spectacle of two ex-Ministers stumping it from place to place, making, or attempting to .make, election speeches in favour of their nominees. Tho Government will find no .difficulty in meeting Parliament, as even without Mr. M'Lellan there will bo six Ministers qualified to take their seats on the Treasury bench. We understand that in all probability an arrangement will be made whereby Mr. Byrne will very shortly bo provided with a scat in the Legislative Assembly. Mr. M'Lellan hriofly addressed a hastily called together meeting of the electors of Ararat on Tuesday last, at which, ho an- nounced that ho had accepted office as Post master-Genoral in the "now Ministry, and ho would have been sworn in the previous day had there remained in town any of its mom bers. As it happened, they were all in the country, prosecuting their election canvas, and therefore the ceremony of swearing bira in had been deferred. But although ho had taken offico as Postmaster-General it was not at all likely that ho would remain in that position. An arrangement was probable by which Mr. J. T. Smith would be at the hoad of the postal department, and ho (Mr. M'Lel- lan) become Minister of Mines. That would be an office much more after his own boart, for with his knowledge of mining matters ho knew of no oflice he could so thoroughly and efficiently fill. In that position, also, he felt that he was likely to bo of more service to Ararat, a reflection which made the change doubly agreeable. Time was short with him now, and he would be unable to go more into detail with regard to the present controversy. Before long, however, he should have the op- portunity of addressing his fiiends and con- stituents in larger numbers, and he trusted, as an old and tried servant, that he should experience a favourablo reception, and ho re-elected. The îemarks of Mr. M'Lellan were received with considerable applauso, and there appears to be no doubt of his re- election. Wo have been requested to mention that the delay attending the official declaration of the result of the poll for West Bourko is not attributable to the roturning-offi cer, Mr. Taylor, or his substitute, Mr. W. M. Millar. The whole -of tho returns were io. ceived hy tho rcturning-officer on Friday morning, except that of Lancefield, which, owing to somo mistake on the part of the police, was forwarded to the police barracks at Richmond, instead of lo Mi. Taylor, at Flemington, and, in consequence, did not reach its proper destination until Saturday morning, although the correct results appoared in The A rgus of the same day. The result of the poll at Hornsey, which is only live miles from Lancefield, arrived on the previous morning, as it should. How Mr. M'Kean proved rather moro than a match for his opponent at Carisbrook is thus told by the Maryborough Advertiser :-"Mr. M'Kean fairly turned the political tables on his opponent, Mr. Samuels, at a meeting held at Carisbrook on Monday night. The lattor gentleman had announced by advertisement that he intended to address the electors at that place, but, so far as Maryborough was concerned, ho omitted to state that Mr. J. M. Grant would bo present, and ' stump' it in his favour. A bellman was sent round Caris- brook at the last moment to inform the in- habitants that the ex-Minister of Lands would 'show Mr. M'Kean up.' It happened, however, that tho secret was conveyed to Mr. M'Kean, who at tho time was on the point of haranguing the electors at Maryborough the same evening. On discovering the tactics îesortedto, Mr. M'Kean postponed his address, and with a number of friends sped to Caris brook in one of Cobb's coaches to meet Mr, Grant face to faco. Mr. M "Kean arrived justas Mr, Samuels was finishing his address, and remarkably enough, at a juncture at which one of the electors, injplayful badinage, ox claimed, ' Givb us Hamlet's Ghost, Sammy.' At that moment Mr. M'Kean unexpectedly appeared in tho room. In an instant thoro was the wildest excitement, and cheer after cheer went up as a greeting. The chairman and Mr. Samuels were both nonplussed, and the contemplated stab in tho dark was averted. Mr. Grant, who was on tho door- step of the hall outside, lacked tho courage to come forwaid and speak. Mr. Samuels tendered a feeble apology for tho disappoint- ment, and, under the circumstances, Mi. M'Kean refrained from taking advantage o his position and addressing the electors, inti- mating that he was only present to dofond himself. Immediately afterwards Mr. M'Kean started for Maryborough, and was in timo to address the electors from the balcony of the Commercial Hotel." Speaking of the unscrupulous endeavours which have been made to pioveut the return of Ministers, the Geelong Advertiser says: "The attempt has failed, as itdeierved to do Mr. Grant was diagged through the mira for no purpose, and the desperate tactics of Mr G. P. Smith only render his fall permanent, and his disgrace moro overwhelming. Seldom has a Ministry been met with moro bitter and unsciupulous hostility. Two of the ox Ministers havo taken activo proceedings at the elections, and have impoited into politics that personal animosity which is too fro. quently the bane of public life." The City Council met on Saturday at noon, to elect the mayor for the year 18G9-70. Tho whole of the members were present Coun cillors Arness and ïïaibison wore understood to be the candidates, and tho former was elected by a majority of one, the votes being ten to nine. Tho mayor-electhaving returned thanks, the business of the weekly meeting was proceeded with. The report of the Legislative Committee embodying a petition to His Excellency the Governor for the divi- sion of Smith Ward and Latrobe Ward, each into two wards, was adopted, and the names suggested for the new wards were " Victoria" and "Albert." The consideration of there port of the Health Committee as to the Yan Yean [reservoir was postponed until next meeting. Tho report rocommends that the council should communicate with the Commissioner of Public Works and request that the admission of water to the Yan Yean reservoir from the Rivor Plenty by means of the aqueduct may be discontinued, and that the supplementary supply may bo obtained by means of pipes leading directly from the sources of the Plenty into the reser- voir. On the motion of Councillor Butters the application of the Board of Education for an unoccupied piece of land on tho east side of tho approach to Princo's-bridge and op- posite the Fishmaiket, was referred to the Health Committeo for reconsideration. On the adjournment of the council, the members present, as well as tho corporation officials, sat down toadinnergivenia the oldcouncilcham bcr by the mayor (Councillor Moubray. His worship occupied tho chair, being supported on his right by Alderman Smith (the Minister of Mines), and on his loft by tho mayor- elect Î Alderman Bayles was vice-chairman. Tho loyal toasts were duly honoured, and among a numbor of other toasts that wore drunk were "The Governor," "The Ministry," "The Mayor," "TheMayor-eleci.," " Councillor Har- bison," and "Prosperity to Molbourno." The health of the mayor was proposed by Alderman Smith, who remarked that Mr. Moubray's term of oflice had been notably one of peace,-to be attributed to his efforts to keep up good feel- ing among the members of tho council. In | responding for the Ministry, Aldorman Smith said that he felt he owed his presout position in public affairs to his long career in tho council, and he intended to do all that lay in his power to advance the intorests of tho city. At the quarterly meeting of the Geelong Town Council, held on Saturday, Mr. T. N. Couves was ro-elected mayor for the second year. About 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, Constable Mawhinny discovered the body of a boy floating in the River Yarra, just abovo tho bridge at the Botanical- gardens. He at once removed it to the morgue, when it was identified as tho body of William Elliott, aged 12 years. The 'boy was hist seen at home in South Yarra at half-past 8 o'clock on the morning of the 29th September, when he left for school ; since then nothing has been heard of him till ho was found dead in the Yarra. The inquest will bo held this morning. i On Sunday evening, a man named James Jackson, aged 73 years, was brought in to tho Melbourne Hospital by the Brunswick 'police, having heon discovered early that morning in a stato of insensibility near his own house at Phillipstown, Bruns- wick. It was found that all the ribs on his left side wore broken, and some very severe cuts on his head, and both eyes blackened. It is said that the injuries were the result of a feeling of jealousy on the part of a married neighbour whose wife is only 35 yoars of age. A woman named Bridget M'Ardle charged her husband at the City Police Court, on Saturday last, with committing a violent assault on her. According to the statement of the prosocutrix, her husband came home intoxicated on the night of the 7th inst, and after chaiging her with robbing him of £10 he became very violent and threatened to kill her. She became alarmed, and ran into a neighbour's houso for safety, where she stayed all night. Tho next day sho went home, and found that her husband had cut up all her clothes and burnt the larger portion of them. In consequence of his vio- lent threats she was obliged to leave the house again, as tho prisoner was threatening her with a carving-knife. Her husband was con- stantly drunk, and nover did any work, leaving her to support herself and four chil- dren by hor own labour. The prisoner had been sentenced to one month's imprisonment for beating his wife on ono occasion, and on another had been bound over to keep the peace. The Bench ordered him to find one surety in £100 to keep the peace for 12 months. About 1 o'clock on Saturday morning Senior-constable M'Cutcheon surprised eight or nine men engaged in tearing down the signboard of a baker named G. H. Creese, living in Bourke-streot. At the approach of the constablo they made off, but ho managed to securo ono of them. The prisoner was brought before the City Police Court on Saturday, and proved to bo a working baker named James M'Evoy. It appears that for a short time there has been some disagreement between the journeymen and the mostor bakers with regard to the hours for work, and the usual plan of damag- ing the employers' property has been resorted to in order to induce thom to accedo to the workmen's wishes. The prisoner pleaded being drunk, but the constable proved that he was quite sober whon arrested. Mr. Call said he would not treat this case as if it was an ordinary one of'wilful damage, hut, to show that ho meant to put down this kind of intimidation, he would indict a fine of £3, with 5s. damages, and in default ono month's imprisonment. The strike of the miners at Eldorado seems to bo assuming a serious aspect, as tho police authorities have thought it necessary to send up a reinforcement of policemen. Pive went up by coach on Saturday, and five moro leave to-day. There was a clean sheet at the Emerald-hill Pólice Court on Saturday. This is the second time such a thing has occurred within a short time, and the fact reflects great credit on Sergeant Ellis, who has charge of the station. Messrs. Mollison, Houat, Martin, and Ma attended, hut, of course, had nothing to do but go home again. With reference to tho incident of tho breaking down of tho s.s. Balclutha, when on her way to King George's Sound, it will be recollected that His Excellency Governor Weld, who was proceeding with his family to Western Australia, presented Captain M'Eachern of the barquo Aurífera, with an address oxpressive of the appreciation of the prompt and willing assistance rendered by Captain M'Eachern on that occasion to the passengers by the steamer. Since then, how- ever, the address has been followed by a substantial and appropriate recognition from Governor Weld in the shape of a large and powerful telescope. The instru- ment, which is one of tho best procurable, is handsomely mounted, with stand completo, &c;, and bears tho following inscription: "Presented by His Excollency Governor Weld to Neil M'Eachern, Esq., master of the barque Aurífera, in remembrance of a good look-out and prompt assistance rendered to the passengers of the mail steamer Balclutha, August 19,1809." The opening of the Church of the Imma- culate Conception, Grace-park, Hawthorn, took place yesterday forenoon. The cere- mony, which was one that must have pos- sessed much interest for the Roman Catholic body, drew together a large congregation, so large, indeed, that the church, though esti- mated as capable of accommodating a thou- sand persons, could not hold all who wished to witness tho services, and a considerable number of porsons had to romain outside the building; The major portion of the assem. blage consisted of residents in the neigh- bourhood, but there were numbers of visitors from the city and even the more distant suburbs. Pontifical High Mass was cele brated by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Roman Catholic bishop of Melbourne, as- sisted by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, vicar general, and the Revs. J. Mulhall (deacon), I. Moore, J. Dalton, J. M'Inery (sub-deacon), and W. Kelly. The Rev. J. P. O'sullivan was master of the ceremonies. The acolytes from St. Patrick's Cathedral were in atten- dance. Tho bishop of Hobart Town (Dr. Murphy), and the bishop of Brisbane (Dr. Quinn), were to have taken part in the cere, mony, but the former did not arrivo 'from Tasmania until mid-day, and the latter is a passenger from Sydney in the mail steamer. The blessing of the church by the bishop took place at half-post 8 o'clock in the morn- ing, that hour having been chosen because the ceremony was one that could not have conveniently occurred in tho presence of a numerous congregation. High Mass was celebrated at 11. The dedication sermon was preached by tho Rev. I. Moore, whose text was the hymn of the angels in announcing the birth of Christ . " Glory bo to God on high, and on earth peace to men of good will" (St. Luke's Gospel, Douay version.) There was an efficient choir in attendance, Mr. Gor Iach presiding at the harmonium, and Mrs. Testar and Mr. Rainford being the principal vocalists. Mozart's Twelfth Mass was sung by the choir, and Mrs. Testar sang an offer- tory piece. A collection made towards de fraying the the debt on the church-£1,500 resulted in £230 being subscribed. A short description of the church may be of interest. Tho building stands upon a very suitable piece of ground, at the corner of Burwood and Glenford streets and near the Hawthorn Town-hall. The site is the gift of Mr. Michael Lynch. The church has been erected in accordance with the design of Messrs. Crouch and Wilson. When finished it promises to be a very hand- some addition to the already numerous churches of Melbourne and the suburbs. The portion that has been erected, includes the nave and side aisles, with a tower carried to the height of 60ft and a temporary sanctuary and vestry at the rear. The style is of the "decorated" period of Gothic architecture. Within the walls the dimen- sions of the building aro 114ft. by 50ft. in nave, aisles, transept, chancel, lady chapel, and vestry ; and it is estimated that accommo. dation will bo found for 1,000 persons. The nave measures 60ft. in length, and the breadth is 24ft. from centre to centre of the columns carrying the upper storey arches. The apex of the roof is 51ft. 6in, from the floor-line. The side aisles are 13ft. in width. When the design is completed, the tower will be surmounted by an enriched branch spire, the whole being 170ft. high. The walls are of Brunswick bluestone, re- lieved with dressings of freestone from Kan- garoo Point. The carved work on the free- stone has been well done. With the view of having the church ready for the coromony of yesterday, some work had to be left undone. For instance, only the windows in the clere story have been permanently filled in. They are filled in with stained glass having various em- blems of the Virgin Mary, St. Joseph, and the Apostles. This is the work of Messrs. Fer guson and Urie. The stained glass for the lower windows has yet to bo filled in. It will be of a larger and more handsome pat- tern, and will represent different incidents in the life of Jesus. The passages will be laid with encaustic tiles ; for the present tiles of colonial manufacture have been laid down. The columns carrying the upper storey arches are of stone from tho Malmsbury quarries, and have been finished in a style supposed to be scarcely attainable with bluestone. As re- gards the lighting arrangements, there is a bronzo coronet round the top of each column and springing from it are four clusters of three jets each. Mr. Dompstor exe- cuted this work. The whole of the works havo been carried out under the super- vision of Mr. Macartney. A conspicuous object in tho church is the altar, which is considered one of the handsomest, if not the handsomest, in the colony. It is tho work of Vermelen, a Belgian artist, who is re- garded as the first wood-carver in Belgium, if not in Europe. The altar is constructed of polished oak ; the mouldings are gilt. The height of the altar, including a handsome canopy, is 23 feet. We understand that the Rev. E. Nolan, of the Jesuit College, through whoso energy for the most part the Roman Catholics of Hawthorn have thus early been provided with so commodious an edifice, will conduct public worship in the church. Amongst the passengers by tho T.S.N. Company's steamship Southern Cross yester- day, from Hobart Town, wore tho Right RoverondDr. Murphy, Rom an Catholic bishop, and the Rev. D, P. X. Beechenow, his chap, lain, who aro about to proceed to Rome, to the meeting of the (Ecumenical Council, to be held there. Yesterday some attention was excited by a funeral cortege in tho military stylo, proceed- ing from Richmond to the Melbourne Ceme 1 tery, the martial array consisting, however, [ of the Richmond Rifle Corps and band, in t stead of tho regulars. Mr. Chas. Messenger, who had been much regarded as a member of the corps, was paid this last tribute of respect by his comrades, who escorted his body from his residonce, Gwynne-street, Richmond, to the Melbourne Cemetery. The " Dead March in Saul" was performed creditably, this being the first occasion of the kind at which tho band had assisted. The Government steamer Pharos, with Lieutenant H. J. Stanley, R.N., Admiralty surveyor, on hoard, sails this day to continue the coast survey of the colony. Sho will after touching at Warrnambool, and obtain- ing some information respecting tho light- house there-proceed at once to Portland Bay, of which place sho will make a survey for the general purposes of navigation, but more par- ticularly in order that the data obtained may be used in connexion with the piojected harbour improvements. Fifteen or sixteen years ago, when railways were not and coach fares were high, travellers between Melbourne and Ballarat woro wont to make the journey on foot with swags on their backs, or they travelled in company with loaded drays, in which their impedimonta was bestowed, sleeping under the drays when night crame on. The track most in use at that period led through Flemington and Moonee Ponds, across the Saltwater River, by way of Raleigh's punt, and so on by Melton, Bacchus Marsh, &c.; This lino of travel was then thoroughly well-known to the public, but many changes have since occurred to blot it out of the general recollection. The opening of the Geelong and Ballarat ' Railway deprived it of all but the strictly local traffic, and the prosperity of Flemington and the other roadsido halting-places suddenly fell off until scarcely any remained, tho value of property along the road falling in propor- tion. So little traffic was there on this road in recent times that the pontoon bridge over the Saltwater River, long known as Raleigh's punt, was permitted to get into a dilapidated condition, and some months ago its carrying power entirely disappeared, and it sank to the bottom of the river. But it so happened that about the time that the old bridgo gave up, a new demand had arisen for tho accom- modation which it was intended to afford. The establishment of the Molbourno Meat-pre- serving Company's works, at Maribyrnong, caused a great increase in the traffic across the river at this point, and when tho pontoon bridge retired into the depths it became necessary to tako immediate measures to replace it. The Flemington and Essendon Council was moved to take action in the matter, and some aid being obtained from the Government, and some from the Meat preserving Company, the erection of a proper bridge ovor the river-was soon commonced ; the pontoon-bridge being raised to the surfaco to accommodate the traffic in the meantime. "The new bridge is now draw- ing towards completion, and is a sub- stantial wooden structure, supportod by red gum piles firmly embedded in the bottom ' of the river. Its roadway is at such an eleva- tion that navigation will not bo impeded, and a rather extensive cutting on one side of the river, and a considerable earth- work on the other, will so improve the levels as to render tho crossing easy and comfortable. The completion of this bridge will causo the removal of an old and familiar landmark ; but it will prove a groat public convenience, and will materially facilitate the business, not only of the Melbourne Meat preserving Company, but of the farmers and dairymen and market gardeners who aro now settling themselves in Maribyrnong. The Government Astronomer favours us with the following memo. :-"The woathoi during the past week was generally dull and showery, except on the 3rd, when it was veiy fine and pleasant. Rain fell to the amount of 2.20in., which brings the total amount of the year up to lG.33in. as compared with 13.15in. for tho same period in 1SG8, lO.lOin. in 18G7, 17.41in. in 186(3, 13.00in. in 186a, 22,03m. in 1804, 21.ô0in. in 1803,18.75in. in 1802, 21.99in. in 1801, 10.82in. in 1800, l".08in. in 183!). 15.61in, in 1858 ; or au average of 17.85in. 'J'hehighest température in the shade. 71.0deg. was recoractt on the afternoon ot the 4tn, the lowest, 40deg. on the morning of tho 3rd ; the highest reading of the barometer, 30.314m., occurred on the morning of the 3rd, with light and variable winds ; tho low- est, 29.285in., on tho afternoon of tho 7th, with northorly wind and boisterous weathor ; strong squalls on tho morning of the 7th and afternoon of the 8th. The lato rains havo had an excellent offect upon tho crops in the agricultural districts around Molbourno. Grass lands thatwero bare and brown 10 days ago, are now beauti- fully green, and in paddocks that areproporly enclospd and not overstocked, a full mouthful of succulont herbage can already bo obtained. In some localities tho hay crop is being cut down, but the weather is not suitahlo to the process of hay-making, and the reaped crops are in some danger of becoming mildewed. The wheat crop looks most promising in some places, tho plants being strong and abundant, but in other spots it is plain that tho rain carno top late. Early sown mangolds and beet havo brairded very fairly, and there is a good show of potato plants in favourable situations. The presout appearanco of tho paddocks around Molbourno shows tho supe- riority of sown over native grasses. The latter look green and fresh, but thoy are thin and stunted, while rye-grass, prairie grass, and lucerne, show quite a luxuriant growth. Wo --.would call the attention, of Mr. Hodgkinson to a matter which, although small in itself, gives no little annoyance to ladies frequonting Fitzroy- gardons. In tho walk nearest to, and running parallel with, Albert-street, a small woodon bridge spans an open drain. This bridge has boen for a long time in such a state of dilapidation that it is not only unpleasant for any ono to cross, but, ,as thero are sovoral nails stioking far out of tho decaying wood, ladies' dresses have a disagreeablo way of catching on. thom, and not unfrequently gotting torn. What makes the matter tantalising is the fact that the bridge is so small that it could bo re- placed with a now one for a fowshillings. Wo do not think that Mr. Hodgkinson's gallantry will suffer this source of annoyance to thoso ladies who frequent his beautiful gardens to remain much longer. A very destructive fire occurred in Moora bool-street, Geelong, early on last Saturday morning. From the Geelong Advertiser, wo learn that it originated at tho rear of tho premises occupied by Mr. Turnor, photo grapl or. Tho firo-bell gave a loud alarm a few minutes after 2 o'clock, and the lurid glaro of tho fire soon caused a large crowd to congregate around tho seeno. It was at once seen that all attempts to save the premises of Mr. Turner, photographer ; Mr. Coade, bootseller ; and Mr. Pearson, jeweller, would be useless, and attention was directed to gotting out tho stock. This was done most effectually, and of tho goods very little was destroyed. Mr. Bray's shop was at one time actually on fire, but was fortunately saved by the exertions of the Geelong Fiio Brigade and the bystanders, aftor all tho stock had been removed, The most serious part of tho disaster, howovor, is the burning of Mr. Bartlett's shop. From this bul little was removed-morely tho contents of tho windows, wo bolieve-and the whole of tho valuable stock, worth, it is said, £10,000, wa burnt. The shop of Mr. M'Callum, confectioner, was half burnt and half pulled down, to prevent tho flames spread- ing to Quiney's Olive Branch Hotel. Fortu- nately, this largo brick building interferod, and prevented a further spread, or there is no knowing whero the fire would havo ended. As it is, the premises of Messrs. M'Callum, Bartlett, Pearson, Turner, and Coade aro all utteily destroyed, and Mr. Bray's drapery stock and premisos have sufforod to some extent. The whole damage probably amounts to from £15,000 to £20,000. All tho losses, wo believe, are moro or less insured, Mr.Bartlott, tho largest sufferer, being guaranteed to a largo extent by the National Company. Mr. Pearson's valuablo stock of jewellery was nearly all saved." Over 80 students-of whom 11 wero newly enrolled-attended the weekly meeting of the Artisans' School of Design last Friday even- ing, We are glad to porceive that tho pro- jectors of this school have acted on some of tho. suggestions which we offered them lost week. The pupils are no longer rauged at both sides of the narrow tables, but on ono side only, thus giving them that increase of space for their work which wo pointed out as one of the essential requisites ; and copies of a better and, in some cases, a moro suitable class, have been introduced. It is gratifying to seo that suggestions for the good of the school are so wisoly and so promptly adopted, and it is equally gratify- ing to have to recoid that the most critical visitor could see little now to find fault, with. Tho teaching, of course, is a matter which must and ought to be left chiefly to the dis cietion of the oxcellcnt masters who attend at present, and wo have no doubt but as tho school becomes moro firmly es- tablished, they will introduce a moro systematic course of studies. When this is done we do not hesitate to say that this institution will compare favourable with any of the kind in England outsido London. In awarding their duo merit to all concerned in this laudable undertaking, it would be unjust to omit mentioning tho members of tho committee of the Painters' Society, who devote their time to it for other purposes than that of teaching. Their exer- tions for its success aro highly valuable, and they are performed with an evident zeal, which cannot bo too much commended. Mr. Thos. Ethridge, late manager of tho Bank of Victoria at Pleasant Creok, was on Thursday last presented with a service of plate by the principal business men of the place, as a token of the esteem and respect felt by them for that gentleman, and their regrotathis depaituro from amongst them> The presentation took place at tho Commorl cial Hotel, tho professions being also well represented on tho occasion. Tho service boro the following inscription :-" Presented to T. S. Ethridge, Esq., manager of the Bank of Victoria, Pleasant Creok, in recognition of .the high esteem and respect ho was held ia by tho inhabitants of the district, Soptombor 30, 1809." By the Alhambra wo havo our files from Dunedin to the 1st, Invercargill to the 2nd October, and Lyttelton to the 28th September. Wc have also our files from Sydney to the 7th, and from Hobart Town to the 8th October. Although the state of the South Melbourno Crickot ground proper has prevented its being played upon as yet this year, the season was opened some two weeks back by a match be- tween the first eloven and the next twenty two, on an outside patch of ground, and the game was concluded on Saturday in favour of the eleven by fivo wickets and 28 runs, tu the first innings tho twenty-two made tho respectable scoio of 99, of which 34 were con- tributed by A. M'Clure, 11 by Mackillop, and 10 by Cole. The eleven then went to the wickets, and wero all disposed of for 87 runs, M'Gan with 39 (not out), Taylor with l8, Baker with 12, and Wheatley with 11, being the top scorers. Tho twenty-two were not so successful in their second innings, as Bignell, who scored 11, was tho only ono who leached a doublo figure. Tho total of the innings only amounted to 02, which left tho eleven 74 to get to win. This they did with the loss of fivo wickets. Wheatley with 32, Taylor with 29, and M'Gan with 28, not out, were the most successful bats- men ; but the two last gave repeated chances, which ought to havo been talton. Tho field- ing of tho twenty-two, however, in the second innings, was not nt all up to tho mark. Tho bowling on both sideswas very good-Osborne, Baker, M'Gan, and Williams, doing great execution for the cloven ; whilst for the twenty two, Mackillop, J. Chessell, A. Yuillo, and A. M'Cluro carried off the honours. Next week this emu plays tho M.C.C. on the Molbourno ground; and as several first-class playersi including Conway and Taylor, tho latter only lately arrived from the old country, havo joined their ranks, the Metropolitan team will havo something to do to hold its own, even with professional aid. After a long recess, the Haymarket Theatre was icopened on Saturday evening, whon tho French and Spanish Acrobatic Company re contly arrived from Mauritius appoarcd for tho first timo in Melbourne. With tho excep- tion of tho dress- circle, the theatre was crowded in every part. The now company, which consists of Signors Ventura Diaz, Manuol Correa, Joso Ilbanez, Duprat, and Gerard, made a very favourable impres- sion on the audience The entertain- ment commenced with some performances of tho usual kind on the doublo trapeze by Signors Diaz and Corroa; then the strength and doxterity of Ilbpnoz and Diaz wero shown by tho latter climbing a polo held by Ilbanez, and perching himsolf on the top of it, holding on alternately by ono hand or ono foot. Hbanez's strength was further shown by the ease with which ho flung about three heavy cannon balls, throwing thom in the air W catching thom on huj arm, and Is balancing ono on his head while ho hold the others in his hands. Thoro wero also a number of foats similar to tho foregoing per i formed by tho different mombers of the com- pany. Tho company also appeared in a comic pantomime, entitled " Bl Pintor do Londres. " The performances of tho acrobats woro sup- plemented by the dancing of M. Massartic and Mdlle. Rachel and a skating song) and 'dance by Mr. Taylor, described as "tho champion Bkater of tho world." Mr. G. Roberts is tho acting manager of tho theatre, and it is to be hoped that better success will ?attend his venture on this occasion than whon he first took the part of manager. Herr Bandmann repeated his successful impersonation of Hamlet at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night to a large audience. Ho was, as usual, called before the curtain at the close of each act. , The performances of Weston and Hussey's troupe at St, George's-hall woro well attended on Saturday ovening. The tableaux styled "Littlo Baiefoot," with which the porfor anccs aro now concluded, seems out of place in an entertainment of tho kind, and, altogether, tho audionco did not seem very well pleased with it. There was a very fair attendance at the Polytechnic-hall on Saturday afternoon, the attraction being the illustration of tho princi- pal events of the New Zealand war by means of a moving diorama. Tliough tho viows have not much intrinsic merit to recommond them, yet they serve to assist the lecturer, Mr. Everesto, in tracing tho history of tho war from the time of its outbreak to the occmrence of the massacre at Poverty Bay. The entertainment is calculated to afford in- struction and some littlo amusement, and appeared to bo appreciated by the juvenile portion of the audience. , From an advertisement in another column we observe that the classes at the National Gymnasium will be closed during the removal of the institution to anothoi situation, i The treasurer of the Lying-in Hospital acknowledges tho receipt of £3 3s., from Mr. F. P. Stevens, in aid of tho funds. 