The New Year's Day Meetings. By Pegasus. The most important meeting ever held under the auspices of Tattersall's Club, save and except their Duke's Day, came off on New Year's Day, as recorded last week in your columns ; but unfortunately, other amusements, prevented many people going ; and I nerei saw so small an attondanca on a Now Year's Day. Tlx sport was good, maigre the dictum of the Scening 2?etox that " as far as »pori aas concerned, the races viero c uiretcJied failure" Ia the Evening News licensed tc throw dirt about without any check whatever ? If ac I tho sooner*ai special act of Parliament is passed tlx better, to curb this mischievous propensity. There were |uo fewer than six races in the book; and the Cup ' brought out a Sold of elevon ; producing a really \ splendid race. Then there was also the first two-year old race of the season, and a very good race it was ; and tho New Year's Gift, gave a flue contost. What tho Scening News had to grumble at in tho sport, I can't see. If ¡fíiad told how (bat most likely all tho gatemen end boothholders lott money by their ventures, it would have only told the truth ; as it is there was no foundation for what did appear. I was sorry to see Mr Ilenfrey not so fortunato as usual with his starts ; and ¿specially in the two-year-old (takes. The character of tho race was quito spoiled by a bad get away, which most likely mado tho result différent from what it would have been. Token as a lot, tho Ave two-year-olds that paraded before j tho starter were up to the average, the least raoing-like one being Mr DeMestre's Illly, for whom I have- no liking, notwithstanding her being by Archer from 1 r.nuristins, Mr Lee's Partisan, by Kinuston from Blue Bell, is an exceeding nice coif, and pleased mc very muoh j especially on account of the proud step with which he walked down the course. He cot a very tad elart, in fact was quito left behind st tho post, and nerer caught his horses ; though ho ran very Gamely home, and must have been as St as anything there. Tho Regent (first of the Rioters) lins grown into a very One colt ; and his appearance no less than his performance quito justifies the good opinion of Judge Clieeke when all tho ?llier huyere turned np llioir noses st the Queen of Trumps yearling, mid Mr Richards withdrew him at a hundred guinea-«, ot which price his Honor immediately, bought him privately. Mr Richards was quite right not to throw such a line colt nway; und Bay Regent has put n good feather in Rioter's cap. He's the image of thu old horse about the head and neok ; but does not show as much Quality as "Partisan." "Juanita," one of thc cheapest yearlings sold at tho last Autumn sale, j fully kept np thc credit of New Warrior and tho Tocal stud. Her dam is by Cossack, from a Septimus mare, who was tho dam of Item, from nhom wo have " Saloon," and "l,o!lory," th» chostnut colt bought hy Mr Terry at Mr Burt's salo. Juanita is a really nice j filly, and rnn a capitol race, and it struck rae she was rory fit. Lady Klizabcrh, after getting a great lead itt starting, gave up at tho turn into the straight; and, if she is to bc judged by looks, we haven't Been tho best of her. She couldn't have been as fit as tho others, or she would not have flint up ns sho did. Tho race paro no lino ; nil but " Quiver" will make racehorses ; but this time tho twncoltsand JuanitahndthebeHofthecondition. The Maiden Stakes vas a tremendous surprise, as they laid as much as 3 to 1 on Kaizor. Ile didn't pleaso me, and seemed weak and washy, as if after running himself into condition ho had been allowed to run himself out of ii- again. Including the Derby,Kuizer has run a dozen races as a threa-ycnr-old, of which, I think, ho has nine to his crodit; and he's tho moat extensive traveller and nnilor I know for ono of hi» years. Ho cut up badly in a slow race, and tho despised Alphonso won quito easily, giving Mr Ivory a turn of luck I was glad to ace. I don't, know why Alphonso was lost sight of. It was his first appearance ; and I may take a little credit to myself for having picked him out of all tho maiden two year-olds last Autumn, und recommended him strongly to a gentleman who was purchasing a couple of colts to carry ton stone in China. It's not a bad thing for our Turf that the said gentleman and Mr Ivory split about a " fiver" in tho prioo. I see there was an error in last weok's Sell about this colt's pedigree. Ho ¡a aol by Sir Hercules, but was bred by Mr Reynolds, of Tocal, and got by Now Warrior, from Alpha by Cossack, from a Gratis mare. The running of Alphonso and Juanita would lead us to the belief that the Cossaok mares aro tho' ones lo "nick" with Now Warrior¡ and I havo no doubt that this eotnbinotiou will be looked af>or after pretty smartly ut the nest Autumn Sale. It is very seldom we have seen tho New Warriors come out well as two mid Ihren year olds ; but from this out, l thall always have my eye on anything by that excellent siro from Mr Reynolds's Cossack Mnros. This season's Tocal yeurlings' uro very highly spokon of, and will outshine any from tho same stud that hare yet come under Mr Burt's hammer. Ono of them " Teddington, " thu son of " Io," is said to be tho finest colt over Boen in the district. . Trump Card beat Knizor easily for second pince ¡ nnd Rawdon had nothing to do with the contest after tho tlrst half mile. I doii't'think this eau bo Kaizei'o running; farlie cut up just ns ho did in the Derby, when ho cer- tainly wasn't Ht. Trump Card has n great deal of good about him ; and will ace a better doy. Ile is by Kelpie from n Cnp-a-pio maro of Mosers Wyndham's who bred " Tho Card." I was a long long way out in my calcul- ation about the Cup. Sir John lind deceived mo so often, when tte was nearly as JU tis fie could be iiiritle, that I determined to havo nothing moro to do with him until he won a race, nnd po it was that I wouldn't balicvo in him on Friday. He mn a very good horse, in by no : means a slow run race j and George Thompson rode him excellently well right through. His condition, too, wes all that it should have been ; and " Beeping Tom, " had he i »eon him and "ThoRegent," would hove thought twico before recommending the Judge to change hit trainer. As I said before, I've seen this horse very fit indeed, and run badly enough ; but ho changed all that on Friday ; and morcorer, ho had " a mnn " on his buck. It is somewhat remarkable that Thompson has ridden in threo Tattersalls' Cups, and won thom all-namely 611 Traveller, Bulginbar, und Sir John. The defeat of Caroola by His Honor's horse upäct a great "pot" ; und nobody was more astonished than Bishop, when ho found himself beaten. I think ho fancied tho race was over whou ho lind Italian beaten nt (ho far side ; for ha came sailing ulong in front at a IerriQo pace, until his horse who by tho byo'must hare been too much favored in his work, was pumped out by thc timo Thompson como alongside. Karoola has never yet been got quite fit. Ho lins a fine stylo of going when extended, and will do a good thing somo day when he is quita up to tho mark. Avnlaiicha was ouly a poor third ; and in fact thora was nothing in the rnco at tho finish but Sir John mid Karoola. If 1 was ever so wrong in my estimóte of Sir John and Orlando, I wasn't far out ubout Tim Itaîi uï and Bylong. I didn't think eithor of Mr Tuit'é wu» lit ; and although Ashworth'bestrodo tho "black'uii," mid Holmes did ditto for Bylong, all was of no avail. I wouldn't havo Tho Italian at any price, for I hpld helios novcr shown his ability to carry such a weight two miles ; I and as for my crippled friend Bylong, ho's one of the worst racehorses wo havo now on the Turf always considered worth booking, but novor pulling through. I hopo your readers aro satisfied! was right about him, and how and why he finished third in tho last Metrop." Cossack is along way from whut ho once was ; and we can safely set him down as having lost his "form." Young Mormon wasn't in thavoin. Hesel dom is nt Itaudwiok ; ond I can't account for Orlando getting such a thrashing. Grey Momus dissipated all 'the delusiva hopes that had been started by his Homo bush performance, and I think wo may say he's no Cup horse. Casino went her milo . hut Sailor Tim: who f don't think will ever run kindly with u boy on, would ltuvo boen very close to it if, bo hadn't bolted. Mr Ulieoks's success caused tremendous cheers, for no ono is moro popular than His Honor, and it is seldom ono can cougratulato him on winning u race. That ho and Mr Ivory should havo broken through their bad luck on the same day, was a source of great satisfaction to many persons, myself among .tho number ¡ und judging fraui tho nags, I expect soon to havo to tell of their repeating the eoupî :. On' what ground Bungabco was made favorite for the Soiling Stakes I couldn't tull. Ho ont up just tho same counterfeit we hare always seen him ¡ and Mr Byan was so pleasod nt winning with Blabber .that ho went to twico tho upset price for him back ru/ain. Blnbber is from tho successful stud of Mr Din'fls'of Hambleton Hill, and is by Lord of Tho Hills, .froih Silvermnne. This was his first win, and ho com- passed it very cloverly, but the lime was slow enough, and tho field as bad as need bo. They had Prioress a favorite for The Gift [? and-this made tho fifth race in succession that rosulleil in tho downfall of ¿he favorite ; uot ooo "good Ihitijí*' came ort". The winner turned up in Circassian, one of Mr Wyndham's breeding. Ho is by.Chevalier, from.. Chalice, and will bo romemborod, as having been a good deal thought of for the first New ¿TorooljwdV .rwo-yoar-old(î8tqJre5, that was won by Blomliu, when Tho Barb rifado ñif "j.Yai-*t<U. .-cappear anco. Circassian has not been out since that peason ¡ and nobody but his owner expected him to win the Gift. Bennett did all he know with Albany, but it was not to be. Deception was third ;. but tho time wa« not good enough to moko Circassian's performance worth much. Prioress, Sir Hercules, Bylong and Flirt, all ran badly. Mistake won the $ milo Helter Skelter tn a canter. I was sorry not to see more two-year-olds come out ¡ for I hoped to haro n trial with thoao that ron, and Agnes, Bustle, and one or two more ¡ from which wo could hare arrived nt somo idea of their relative merits. Agnes hus been suffering from rheumatism, but I hope I she will have recovered and be in condition, by Home- bush, to milio np for Driscolls disappointment. He's had awfully bad luck, and I should like to seo him win a couple of big races to compensate him a little. I can't think that Friday's racing has thrown much light on thc Autumn three year old raceB ; though most of tho colts that ran, are ongaged in llieLegors. Alphonso, Kaizer, Sailor Boy, Trump Card, Bawden nnd Avalanche, aro all entered for the Homebush Leger r ond taking Kaizer's running along with that of The Earl at Melbourne, I don't fancy Mr Cobcroft's grey for that event. Alphonso won his Maiden Plate so easily, that one cannot tell to u little what ho is capable of; and behoving him to o very improving colt, ho is the only one of tho threet that performed nt Randwick that I have any faith in for the Homebush Leger. Ono thing certain-ho has dono nothing to make anyone dislike him ; and although his Maiden Pluto was slow, he was not called upon. Notwithstanding tho number of. three-yeor-old perform- ances we have seen already, tho Legers of the Autumn are still as open as any racoj I ever remember. From a casual glanco at the condition, I liked the Judge's stablo fully the best ; and Johnny Chaafle was brimful of confldonca both in Sir John and the Regent. Here I Imve to correct another inaccuracy in your Inst paper. Sir John is not a son of Lady Jane, but is by Magus from Jessina, who was by Cossack from tho dam of Samson and Sportsman ; nnd hero we have again tho junction of the Sir Hercules ond Pyrrhus the First blood, through Cossnokjnnd Mngus, just HS in Juanila and A pliou-o, "through Cossack and Now Warrior. Boeing that it took alt his magnificent condición and Thompson's riding to beat Karoola,I incline, to tho belief that Sir John's capabilities both as to time and weight-curryihg were fully exhibited on Friday i and, for his ownor's sake, I shall not like to seo him in big handicaps, condemned to more than nbout eight stone. Of Mr Winch's pair, Circassian was the filter. Orlando didn't seem to be improved upon ; for though he was well in the front ronk to the bushes, he couldn't finish n bit, and tho timo was not. so goori a* when hu ran the de'id heat with ?? rim." Two-year-olds ore seldom in condition in lilia country at their lirnt appeuratico, but in this respect theso wero very oreditablr, though tho puce was not that of absolute " fiyors." 1'vo already said I liked neither Italian nor Bylong. Sailor Boy lookod and was in better trim than Kaizer. I cannot, ao far, any a great deal about thc Melbourne Meeting; because at the time I write I havo only the telegrams to go by. However, I may congratulate Mr 'l'ait on having compassed I his third annual weight foi no victory, with my particular per, tho black dumon. As a three, a four, and a five-year old. The Harb has won tho great Vio orian event- ; and on two occasions, (willi Volunteer in tho Champion Race, and now with Glencoe,) Mr Tait hus run second to him. 1 don't think lhere cnn now remain a single sceptic ns to what is tho abiohile best horse in tho Southern Hemisphere. Gleneao gets dnily nearer to tho topmost " rung" of thc ladder; and his lute performances would lead one to suppose (hut ho is not out of th» Sydney Cup, oven with the sanio weight to carry ns a foin- year old, that nine people nut of ton said no tior.'O could win it. under, unlil Tho Barb and Tim Whiffler carried it home a long way in front, nnd in first-class time. "Tho Works " cannot be " himself ugain " or ho never would never have finished behind Strop, or havo been so easily und BO early disposed of. I say nothing tibout Tho Karl, till I learn sumo reasons for liií bad performance. If he was simply beuton by actual superiority ; then we havo truly u email chanco of win- ning the Leger at Randwick, unless with Tho Duke, who will not appoar ugoin, until ho essays to accomplish whnt has never yot been dono hore, by adding tho Leger tohis Derby victory. I wai quite put in nil my ideas about tho M. and C. C Races on Saturday last, but I am very glad to congratu- late Mr Dawson on his win with Barwang ; ond Mr Churchill ou onco moro taking his usual load among tho gentlemen Jouk». At tho last meeting ho rode all four « inners of the gentlemen's races ; and this time scored two firsts und tho other two seconds. Everything wont off well ; though I did hear something about Air Churchill haring his cup handed toluol once after com- ing in a winner. Of course wo nil know this is not O.K. ¡ mid although in Iho present instance, tho weight of the cap would certainly not lmvo influenced tho result, still there can bo no doubt that gentlemen riders do well to be os strict as piofession.ils. There'd nothing like it ¡ for somoday n race muy be lost through u little laxity, when riding against a stranger ; und, however wo may think to tile contrary, Professionals won't bo as particular a» they might, if they seo tho gentlemen sot mles ot defiance. In Sport tug Life of the ÜOtli ultimo I read some remarks of Old Calabar, which I intended taking notico of last week, had not business prevented mo. Mi friend Cnlubur, in his r»view of thu Sydney Cup weights, when speaking of The Harb, says-" If I um anything of a judge of character, tho horse,' without a ghost of a chanco, will romain in, bc backed by tho loo confiding publie, and scrotehod at tho last moment, (figuratively, speaking) ss he was for the M ol bou rim Cup." I sup poeo it to bc Mr Tail's churaoter hore alluded to, and I certainly do tako exception to tho style and manner of tho allusion. Air Tait needs no apologist, and can well olio rd to be abusod ; but, spooking in foirttg, I do not seo what tho " loo confiding publio" havo dono to merit suoh iiumenao solieide from Old Cnlabar. They chose to b.ick "Tho Harb" for the Melbourne Cup, although Mr Tait declared publicly qefor'o ho went to Melbourne that tho horsn was a rcry douhtful starte)-although ii was notorious for weeks . belora The Barb wns scrafchod that rf there was no rain lie mould not run and I'm pretty euro these things wore within tho know- ledge of " Old Calabnr." "Tho too confiding public" deserved to lo»c their money if they persistently hacked tho horse in thc Jaco of Mr Tait's warning, which, by the bye, was repeated nfter his arrival in Melbourne; lind "Old Calabar ".must be sadly wanting of something to find fault with when he takes up'thu cudgels in so poor a cause. However, 1 hold tho. orgumont to bo bud, as well as tho casus belli. Tho Barb mag have nil tho eight pounds loo many on his book, but "tho too confiding publio" hove done quite ns foolish things as bank him to win tho Cup with «ll tho weight. They would Rave "Tarrncon;" and bocked him with tea stone ten for a load, taking tho sanioiprico (t to 1) about him ns they did about Yuttondao, who was in ut eii/hl stone four,. snino ase as Gleooo'epSwho has no less than niue ten. Tar- ragon then (oven had ho been fit, which ho wasn't for it was after ho hud thcrattler with O'Mcnra down Home- bush Hill) was no bettor performed horso than Tho Barb is now,although hu (tarragon) had run Volunteer to a hoad, at ninetoeu pounds j and Yattendon waa not sup- posed to be twenty pounds a worse four year old thun Glencoe is now. 1 tako it that Tho Barb at 10:8 is muoh better worth booking against Gltnooo nt 9:10, than Turra gon at 10:10 wns against Yuttendon at 8:4; and as tho public did tho hitter with a right good will ¿nd refused to bo choked oil', I fail to sea why they should now bc warned so carefully not to bo "too confiding" in tho. Barb's oose. The same remarks, in a lessor degree apply to the relative positions of The Barb and Fireworks or Italian ; and it must be remembered, moreover, that Tim Whiffler,-who is now first favorite, receives butíú- pounds from The Barb, whilo when Tarragon was beaten by Volunteer, tho latter as 1 said beforo received nineteen. Two days after tho Mayora' Cup, an extra five pounds on Volunteer in tho Forced Handicap, leaving Tarragon still at his 10:5, just turned the tables ; and the head by which " Old Vol" won tho Cup on Thursday, was in Tarragons favor on Saturday. Yet, a little- while after, this pair ran a dead heat at oren weights, over three miles. The Barb mag bo without any chance ; but I for one am no way sure of it ; and shall be disappointed if ho does not remain in. If he goes to V.D.L. most likely ho wont. 