THE HAUNTED HOUSE. \- A Christmas Stoby; - (From CHambtrf Journal.) Haunted or not haunted, wo dcoidod, Jomima oaod.T, to take up our residenco in tko unpromi- 1 jmi ainp»looKlng mansion left to us by tho lato Mian Farthing; for a City clerk on two hundred a year, as r was at thw , time, cannot, afford to be over, fastidious nenb neighbourhood in which his C mean will pMfiftbim, to live. Tho houso-wna- po Jarfre that wb had not sufficient fnrniture to fill tJin upper half 'of it ; but as tho first and eocond floors contained rooms enough for tho require ments of our little family, that fait did not matter ; and wo put the great desolate chambers at tho top I of tho honse under lock and key, and left for the I ghosts- to hold revel thoro, should they feol so J disposed. Wo had brought with us a strapping country, girl as servant, and sho was not long, you may bo euro in bringing home sundry particulars, gathered in the neighbourhood, touohing the ghostly ante- codont8 of Farthing Lodge,, ' My wifo and I tried both argument and ridioule to disabuse the girl's mind of the foolish uotions which sho had so , readily imbibed; and although sho scorned to acquiesce in our verdict, that tho idea of the honso I being haunted was an absurd invention, ontiroly 1 without foundation in fact, we could yet see that I she was possessed by shrinking reluctance, espe- 1 . cially after dark, to go about the house more thao sho oouhl possibly avoid ; getting up stairs to bed was an oMeal especially trying to her nerves, and sho would invent the most transparent oxcuses to J -dolayrt ha trepan txiUrhcrmistroBswarTcadyrto"| retire for the ntgbt, so that she might not have to go alono up the great echoing staircase, which j she- could bear creak and groan mysteriously as I jmt lay awake in the dull middle of the night, 'tPjxpecting the coming of sho knew- not what. a. I was sorry, to see this contagion of baseless fear begin, .after a time, to effect too spirits of my wife. She, too, grew doitous and apprehensive ; and now that the long evenings of autumn were cutting tho days shorter and shorter, she began i :i\ to manifest an increasing dosire that I should got I \- homarlior from the City; and would have the lampYighted, and shut herself up in her sitting, room nt tho first sign of dusk. In brief, tho -house was peiraded by an atmosphere of dread rind-mystery, which seemed by fine degrees, to grow and strengthen from day to day, and which I knew not how to exorcise. There was a vague consciousness upon ail of ns that the grim old house held withinits wall an unseon ghostly tenant— an invisible something— whoso occupancy was of far older date than ours, and would last while walls and roof cohered, and one briek stood upon another. How greatly Jemima dreaded the long nights of the comiog winter, 1 never knew till afterwards. If it had not been for this shadow of a shadow -rfor.by__no other name caff I call it— which foil withth'o twilight, like an T rap a 1 p a b 1 ove i 1 f ov o r Farthing Lodge and its inmates, vanishing utterly .with jhe return of day, our life in the old bouse .irc, » to eppearaoce, havo rolled oo as quietly, i as decorously, and in as humdrum a fashion as I any respectable middlelass London family ncod novo desired. Such, at least, was the conclusion at which I arrived, after a month's experience of our now home, being at that time in blissful ignorance .of what was to come.-- j It was on the sixteenth of September that wc moved Into the house, and on the fifteenth of October (I like to be precise in my dates), having . been detailed by business at the office till 4a lato hour, the clock of a neighbouring churoh was just striking half-past ten ns I knocked at the ««igo aoor. ousan was rather long in coming, I nod I knocked a second time. 4 Too were do- 1 it. to. keep mo waiting,' I said, as soon as I I found myseif inside. Beg pardon, sir,' said Susan, 4 but I thought it were them nasty boys agnio, or I should havo I answered tho door sooner.' „ I 4 What nasty boys ?' j 4 Why, sir, just as- tho clock was striking ten, I thoro came a.loud rat-tat to the door, and I hur. f 11 P "uco, tniQKiog it was you, sir, come home, tired and hungry most like; hut would >'ftu believe it, Biiy whcn-I opened tho door, there was not a soul to bo seco ! so I sets it down ns a ruuafray knock ; and when you knocked just now, I sets it down as another of the same kind, forgetting for tho moment that you bad not yet come home.' '-Very 'tiresome, certainly,' said I. 4 Have you ev?«re«n a.nnJed »D 0 samo way before V . . _ Well, sir, J cannot say that I hnvo ; but when the boys of a neighbourhood onco bogin to prso- tiso that sort of tbiog,you never' know wbeo tbey will leavo off.' fib" \ i uPstaira, I saw at onco that my wifo H louked. moro nervous and. ill at caso than common, and I had not long to wait before hearing tho cause of it. | 4 Such a strange thing," William!' she said,.and i ( . she looked exceedingly, frightened nsshesnokoJ A?' it? ».WUi.8 tln r Ceiding. but beginuing to 7 W\Z$ 'atber uneasy atjjJMfipg out so late, wlTon, vliiiSi?- 0D?0' a 0UtAfiBWhiulc8» or it may bo j811 hur "go» I bjpWiaioisc of footsteps in f -the. largo empty room oi€r this— tho noiso of two people walkiog about It lasted, with short in- tervals of ailence, for about ten minutes, and then cams tho sound as of a hoary body fnllinc or being dashed to tho floor, and thon all was quiet. You- need not olovato your oyobrows, dear ; I tell you I beard the noiso as piainly as I now hoar myself speak : it was no delusion of tho senses ; of that I am sure/ 4 But why did you not riog tho boll V Because I was too frigbtenod to move ; I was utterly powerless to stir from my chair. And even supposing I had rung, there was nobody but Susan in the bouse, and, as you know, she is even more timid than I am, and would probably have fainted, or have fit of byste- . ncs, when told why fBead jS€BinmoDcd. "' You way depend on one thing, William— thoro .nre either thieves, or something far worso than cnMfes, in this horrible houBe.' jaBy'lien tho sooner I_go and clear up tho mvs- 0JiiKpfi the better/ said I. — \- M,But.you wiI1 oot thiok f going alone. They jjvm perhaps murder you.' 1 : ' They will porhapo do nothing of tho kind - and I certainly do ihtend to go alono. I am not going to call in a policeman to assist mo in hunt- ing for a marc a noBt.' My wife's eyes reproached mo mutely for this words 0111 D0 opposition in On trtfog the door of the room of wtfch my wife Uadjsngkon, and which was immediately over our drawing-room, I found it to bo bIIII locked, exactly, to all appoarance.-os l-had left it a week or two bofore. I opened tho door, and wont iu. Dork, deaolate, and empty it was, ss I had expected that it would be, with no trace that It bad ever been eutored einco I mysolf had been A gloomy, weird-looking room, seen Dim light, and utujer euch'circumstancos:' with walls that had onco boon bright groon, but were now mildewed with damp, showing here ®"d-tl'aroon-«l'hDC,--aciuaro-or- ovali-wherojHn other days, a picture bad keen suspended against tliern. i here was not a scrap of any kind of I tnd." ,l0|r,fm.' CXCP' long white Inat elia&d; the two windows j and every. Where the dmHay thick and undisturbed. Cor- , (airily, my wifo'-bad been mistaken' when she ... -asserted she hoard tho footsteps of two people \- walking about tbo floor of this room. No mortal ruotsteps had been there for wacko, olhorwieo the thick even carpet of dust would havo shewn traces of their prcsenco. A dontkly chill seemed ('LflnKI '0iat?,5rWuWhon. I_firatjponed the i00rL ' cou'd not rc8'8t tho shiver that ran' throjJfch mo as I looked around. Tho atmosphere of Ilia room seemed to mo to hu inipregimtud by thai fniul, indescribable odour of death, which most of. ua who are grown up have fait In our I nostrils at ono time or another; and something j Jlkca 'low faint sigh soomod to breatho itsorf-out, and dio away as I opened the door. I stood in tbo doorway only just >1bng enough to satisfy I mysolf that tho room was roatlv empty,, and then I bastenod to shut and relook the' door; after which I prosecuted my search through all tho othor empty rooms, but no trace, of au-iptruder was anywhere to bo soon. L. '4 Still, r am nono tho less convinced that I rtfoard the noise of footsteps in the Groon Boom,' said my wife, when I told her the result of my 'search; and nothing that I could urge had any effect inoausiog her to tlriuk othorwiso. I WAsobligod, after this, to get home from tho office by dusk ovory evening, otherwise Jemima would nover have consented to stay through tbo winter at Farthing Lodge. Another month passed quietly away, and my wife's spirits, assist by j the oneness of tho weather, began to rovivo a little; we were boooming moro reconcile)! -to our I new homo, and the possibility of giving a large Ghriatmss.party, now that wo had plenty of house-room, Was discussed daily botweon us. And so the fifteenth of November arrived— a day by us not readily forgotten. | I reached home from tbo offico about' halLnpat I four on tho day in question, and when dinnerwas I over, sat for a conplo of hours reading aloud the I third volume of a novel In which both Jemima and I were interested ; after which, my wife sat atthe pisno for an hour; and then a little con versation carried the evening pleasantly on till too o'clock, oar nsual eupper-time. About fivo .minutes tO-ten I wont down-stairs to superintend "personally thVpultiog of a fresh wiclf lnto tho drawing-room lamp, an oporation which Susan could never manago to my satisfaction. The clock bad iust struck, and Susan was holdinn- a candle to light roe over my task, when we were both startled by hearing a loud double.knook at the front door. Susan gavo vent to a little ahriek, and dropped tbo candlestick. About a minute elnpsod before tbo matches could bo found, and | another light obtained ; and I had got to tbe top of tho kitchen- stairs, on my way to the front- 1 doortj being desirous to ascertain for myself who it cotild be that knocked thus imperatively at so late on hour, when Susan c&mo; hurrying after mo with the candle, the bAll-lamp not having been lighted that evening. I halted at the top of tho stnirs, -and Susan, holding the candle aloft, peered over my shoulder. A strange sight met our gaze ; the frootdoor was being opened with- out the agency of visible human hands, the bolt drawn back, the chain unfastened, And the koy turned— for Susan bad secured everything for tbo night — and thon tho door was opened, as if to admit some one from without. A moment's pause, and tho door was closed, and fastened as it tmd been before ; then came a noise of footsteps, apparently those of two persons, over the oil. cloth of tbo passage— a noise which was lost next rainu te_ onLha . soft . carpet covering . tbo . stairs. | Tho place where I was standing was close to the | foot of tho stairs, and I fanciod— but it might bo nothing moro than fancy, the light of tho candle being so dull and' flickering— that accompanying the noise of tbo footsteps came two faint shadows, so faint aod vague as to have no distinct indi viduality or outline of their _wn, which weot swiftly by me, and so vanished in tho darkness abovo. As these shadows passed me, there crept over me tho same deathly chill that I had felt on entering the Green Boom a month before; and I knew by the shiver that passed throngh Susan, that tbe same icy breath had made itself folt by ber. Wo turned white, terrified faces on ono another. 4 Did you see anything ?' I whispered— to have spoKcn aioun, wouiu navo seemed a profanation at that moment. Nothing whatever, sir.' 4 Not oven tbe shadow of anything?' ' 'No, sir, nothing; but I heard sound as if somebody came in, and walked alqpjp ihflg$assage, as if to go upstairs.' 4 1 roust go upstairs to your raistreslyou bad" bettor corao also.' ' There was. a fooling of awe, of soloifltiity, over tbe spirits of both of us. ... w.P®1 ,0Dff ttme yn bare beon,Wi)liam ; and why have you come backriihbut- the lamp? Susanfk Wlfc'r ' WUo '"jSpSronbdoor, I But before Susan had time to answer, wo all three heard in tho room overhead— the empty Green Boom— the noiso of footsteps, like those of two people walking wross the floor; one firm and heavy, as though it wore that of a man ; the other lighter, and liko a woman's. 4 The footsteps ngnin, William, just as I hoard them before/ exclaimed my wife, as she clung to my nrra. ® As it had been before, so it was this timeS"»tho noiso lasted for about ten minutes, with tra or I three intorvals of about a minute each,;4nen I everything was still ; then, last of all, can the . sound as of a heavy body falling to tho flooriand then silcnco. n Wo all sat for some minutes, too much awed to spoak ; what words, indeed, could have expressed half-of-what we have felt? u w Uiinm, what a terrible house Is this 1' exclaimed my wife at last, breaking a ailence that was becoming painful. 4 1 never can bear to live hero through tho winter.' 4 Hush, uear! said I. 4 Nono of us havexomo. to harm yet; ncithef, I hope, shall we, Trom whatever cause th|ge mysterious noises proceed, it b ovideat Umt they are confiocd chiefly to the empty paft of. the house, and need not intcrforo with our comfort iu any way.' ' How you talk, William 1 as if any ono could Iivo comfortably in a haunted house I Who knows what horriblo crimo may haWWon com- nutted in that room upstairs V " Oeepite my wife's opposition, I determined to visit tho Green Boom for tho BodKd time, not being willing to givo too reedy Meoce to tho popular idea of the noighborhoJpand hoping r rr.!mo or, natural soluiioffpf tho myslory of Farthing Lodge. I round thfcor locked, ns on my previous visit ; and the room -inside dark -«ndempty,-wlth-no-tmccs-that-it-1nid-beon-e»i- tered since I myscU bad been there, list. I sounded the walls and tho floor, tried the feston- ngB of tho windows, and glanced up thocbimnov, but withogrdiBCovaring the slightest »ign of'nny human mtffidor. I may as wcllVonftss at once that all tbiB was not dono without' considerable trepidation ; but I had nerved myaalf to tho task aod was detorrained to grikhrooeh with it>Al experienced the samo icy curdling of the blood' that I had felt oo my first m'sit to tho room, and ogam when tho shadows, % whatever they were, passed me at tbe foot of trcstaira. fr' While peering curiousljtfbout the ronmidbdls. covered the following worduwritttn in FrcncbJn -characters faint and almoJPRlcgible with age/On the painted wall:— £b b ' Iani .weary with wailing. Jiiy do you notoomo, O Edouaru of my hearts All day I- sit watching by. the- window |»but when the night comes, and firings You not, whut can I do Miserable ! You would not dare - J To provo faithless to mo!vfflon you toll WlliaF vou loro mo no longer, I ScorheT' l,'w ><>« to di O Edouard, como I watch all day, and I weep all night.—M. Could there bo any connection between this pas sionate utteranco of a breaking ' heart, aud the dread secret of tho Grocnifioom ? Nost day, Susan gave notice to quit, and I could not blame her (pg>fng., 4 Them ghosts is mortftlmn I can sUnd/ sho a.i»d. 4 1 should go mad to stay in this hbuie much-loDgerpjAnil -my wife, was disppsod to ondorse tbo som.Dpljflotfi'Tr — . ItwaB quilo bvidohti'tiiat, to poopio of woafi noryos, oxisterico in farthing .Lodcu would suoK, hccouio mlolorabloi i/a- I.fflt bplf-inclined to. W p. - quit tho bouse for over, and lonvo it as I bad found it--sbut up and dosertedjand in the solo occupanoy of its ghoBtly tonnots ; yot the Idea of being frighteuod out of my own property was most distasteful to me, and I determined to hold on for a short time longer. To fill up the place of tho ifaint-hoarted Susan, I sent into tho country for Murtlm Dobson, a middle-aged woman, now a widow, who, before her marriago, had livod as Rcrvant in my father's house for many years. Martha was troubled with no nerves in particular, nrid- heard the narration of our disturbances with consummate cuolnoss. She was a firm boliovor in ghawOftithout boing afraid of them. v 4 My belief is, that giveu tbom to hurt us, said the 4 If we let them come And go, nnd dfin't iijgriHpilth them, they'll do tho like by us.. FonMHwtfif I was in tho habit of IqUing qjfTr q|ifas so maoy of tlieso LondmiMMiro, t woul.as soon havo ghosts for loricera.as anybody clso, if they only paid me in gooiMflrful money — nayffcoouer, because there's no clcanlug or mossing after them, and they keep theirselves to tlieigsolves, which ts a blessing, wbon there's tjyo families' in ono house/ - m Another month passed uneventfully away ; but as tho fifteenth of December drew near, my wifo and I became anxious nnd unrasy, in spito of all our efforts to tho contrary. Would our strango guests come agnio, aod on the night they seemed to have fixed'ttpon as tho ouo for making their' periodical vitittliU6 ? We determined, .all tbroo of us, to waftfand listen. - About five minutes to ten on the night of' tbo "fifteenth", my" wifonTM'dl7wfth"'o!dTMartha-rto- bring tip tho roar, took up our position a few feet from tho foot of tho .staircase, from, which tho carpets had been purposely removed. The hall lamp was lighted, ami crorythinMcloariy visiblo. 1 could fool my wife s hand tremble a little as it restod on my arm: she was pule, but of good heart. Scarcoly had the last vibration from tbo neighboring church-clock died away, wheu the front door resounded beneath., tbo Ipud quick blows of tho knocker. I suppose it was instinct that caused Martha to start forward, as if with tbo intention of nnswering tho summons; but next moment Bhe remembered herself, and re- sumcd her previous position. After a brief spaco of intense silence, wo heard the faint creaking of tho door in the upper part of tho house, followed by the pit-pAt of light footsteps rapidly descend ing the stairs, mingled with which, as tbo foot- steps came nearer, wo distinctly heard tho f«int rustle of a silk dress. Tho footsteps passed (dose before us, and wont along the passage to tho f:oo£ door; and next moment, wc saw the holts drawn' back, the key turned, the chain unfastened, and the door flung widoopen — all by thoagoncyof invisible fingers. The shadow, tho phantom—call it what yon will— that had knocked, bavins', I. presume, entered tho house, tho door , was Ahji. and ro-fastenod, and tho noiso of footsteps, life those of two people, sounded along the passagi, re.po8Bed us, and wont upstairs— up the first flight and thon up tbe second, on their way to Ipe Green Boom. Again, as on the previous oAsasiqn, I thought X coulu distinguish the vague oullinoTof two shadows— fainter and less clearly defined thin tho little cloud made by one's breath on a wihtfr- day; but both .my wife and Martha declar/d, when questioned, thejind seen nothing. At tie moment these shadows vffcre passing me soti| strange inatioct induced mo to put opt»my arpT as if to bar their pAssage upstairs ;;bgjujjunBt(nti that I did so, my wrist was graspdfiDHRy byjn hand as colli ns that of a cor0eXflRi my aim pushed gently bat resistlessly on oqs suFe—U was a hand with rings on it, small as thntof a womrin. nut which left for several days tlra? faint blao outline of a fingor and thumb at tho spot where it had seized my wrist. ig /How terribly cold I am, William!' said my wuo wltb a shudder: 4 my heart feels as though it wore about to atop beating/ . We went up to the drawing-room An d there sat in silent awe, wliilo the weird footsteps in the room abovo paced to and fro, and tho ghostly drama was re-enacted, which in tho flosl, and long years before, bad doubtless qbo acted iu realilv. -a?- My wife was nervous and unwell for sei :ral days after this, and I decided that it woul 1 bo unwise to subject her to such an ordeal again so, as tho fifteenth of the following mouth drew i <«ar, I sent ber out to spend a week with a friend in\ tho country, while I nnd Martha watched ihco more ; the result being merely a ropotilio; l ot what we had seen aod heard before. ' \- It was now clearly evident that tho fifteen ;i-o# caoh month was tho only day .on -which | our slrangevisitors troubled Farthing_Lodgo with their ppenco, and thoo only for#-quarterm' an" hour at a time ; "end bearingAhisfact in mini, I began to see my way to live ns qniot, coropion- riaco, and humdrum a life, oven in this hnuhted louse, os any sober City map need desire. / All that wo had to do was, to leave tho house to inko care of iUolf for an hour ojjlhe night of the fif- tcentb of each mooth, and the object was actora- plisbcd. But beyond this, a strong desire ' was growing over me to solvo tho mystery by which tho bouse was so tenaciously possessed, though L1 saw no possible means by which . lids could bo dono. Tbo Lodge had been empty for so luU a Aime,_and there hod been bo jnaaycbancgaof lato years m tho i nelghhorbood, that I could find no mnabitant old cnougMEr glvo mo any certain information rospcctingMbo phases of its early history, wljJJo as yet it had been tho qniet homo of somo peaceable well-to-do family, and bora as good a character as Any of its neighbours. A mystery it was, and a mystery it scorned likolv to remain. 4 Wo had very few visitor at Farthing fcodgo.4 It, was so far out or tho way of our old Hofbeny acquaintances, tlmt they rarely found ifc«nvc. menttoall upon us; and, with two exceStons,.. we made no new friends afior our removal. ThCwS exceptions ol.l Ilurr Ii0mhardt,.an!|l ms daughMaRraein Anna. IIow wo mado their aftlylWfflntimalt0rfl_nOt-to.sav,helh-i. bnt to kntSffis to liko thorn, end they soqn becomo rtgulnr and Trcquont visitor at Farthing Lodge, iheir posit% in lifo was not o vory elevated one, the Hqp being neither more nor loss than an instruinonl-tunor ut a larca piano manuraotory, vvbilu his daughter taught French and Gorman ns a dnily governess. A lair-hatred gcntlo young woman, ponslvc nnd dreamy, wns tho Frnulein Anna; givon to lone.broiulimr nia or siianco, during which sho would seem lost to all outwnrd objects, although I hnvo nt times seen her as cheerful nnd sunny-lieartud as any young girl to whom the world is still fresh ami beautiful, tint Anna was no longer "a girl, being, I irWgino, about ciglit.nmUwenty years old whan I knew her first. ' A brilliant future had at ono timo seemed to open itsalf.before liar, for whan young, she had an oxquisito . voioa, cumj,incd.wlth-gront natural geniua for tnu'sic, nud was being trninod to.tho lyric sliigc, on wliiobTho ' iidpbd wima day to shino ss a great artist, wheii Bhe fell ill of a tcrriblo fever, and lost hor voice for over. Sho -rarely-aljuded-to-this-period of hor life when I knaahsrbiit fulfilled (ha dul| duties of liar- MMnnwitli clioerfuinossand aercnity, as tlidtigji had novur snared beyond iuducting Wjf5lfifnl duughtiirs of -worthy citizens into tfUfinlrtcncics of Gorman irregular verbs. Iiulli Anna aujjir failier had been cstalilisiied in Itngiand for many yoars, nnd could spook the language excocilingly vrifll. iforr liornliordt took snuff in enormous quflAitien, and played on' tho violip witji rare taste linil fouling. After wo had our Jiand at piquet, nnd smokod a couplo of ojgarohi my little den. Iio.wunld.brlng Ida darling K-W" on',e Blu' sharni our souls with swout "'"I®-® svavo, gay, or patlietio, ns tho humor, taoktilrn ; uud as my wiru conlil touch the pi imp' yohspnabiy well, mid I could tootle u mild ucoatBi « . ' pnnimcnt on . the fluto, the long winter cvonltigs nover Bootnfije_pass so swiftly as jdierittrt wore -thus ploas«j%mpIoyQ(l. JP. . It was Mtltfj'tlorr Bornimrdt, of a)1 people in tliol world, that I ono ovening oponod my mind, as wo sat smoking togothcr in my little room. spoko no word till I had dnno then ho went on puffing for a minuto or two in silence. 4 On the fifteenth of noxt month/ said tho Herr at last, 4 Anna and I viU spond tWevouing with you, my friond, and see and hoar for oursolroqi what will thon take place/ 4 1 shall ba vory glad of your company, Hoi#t -butithink- Ajiim will bo bettor away. Sho Is uotfery strong, as you know; and tho shock might prove iojuriouirto her nerves/ . 4 Anna bra got qualities in botuoL which you know nonflng, my friond. She must bo here with mor my prcsoiijp jll avair nothing. Only remonunr one thing, my good William— you must show no surprtao, nor intbrforo in any way with' wnntovorniay tako plnco; And Anna herself must bo told nothing boforolmnd about your strango visitors/ Tho good Hcrr grew mysterious and oracular wnen questioned further, and was ovidently dis- inclined to say moro on tho subject ; so I was obliged to kcop my curiosity to myself, and await tho courso of events. On tho evening of tho fifteenth, Anna and hor father dropped iu at their usual hour for visiting us, the former boing quite unqwaro of tho conver sation that bad fakon plnco botweon tho Herr nud mysolf a fortnight previously. My wifo bad gono to spond n forr days with sotno relatives, uot fool- ring eqnal-to tbe-tASli:bf paesing-thodreaded-night- nt homo. Stout- hearted Martha went oo with her work as usuol, croouiog somo old ditty to borsolf ns sho moved about tho lower regions of tho houso. Anna soomo more silout and ab stracted that ovening than usual, her busy fingers being engogod in8omo-eInborato pieoo of em broidery, while tbUHerc and I fought a good- tempered' battle otot the oboBS-board. Wo did not mak6 ueo of tho drawiug bnt sat in a littlo parlour down-stnirs which ; opened directly upon tbo possago that lod from tho front-door. As tho dreaded hour drew near, I hciftino moro disquiotod and ill nt onso, and for onco the Uorr had an easy and inglorious victory. Oeco or twice I cnught tho old man lookjngsomo- what anxiously at bis daughter, bnt tho palo audi ferious Anna still went on silently with hor /work. f At length tho clgpk struck ton, and next minuto tbo ghostly suraaions msoiiDded through tbo house. I had iriltructod Martiia beforehand to take no notice when she should hear it ; nnd Annff," thinking it had been unheard by every- ono but herself, said quietly after a brief pauso : 4 Mr. Apploford, there is somo ono at the door. MarthA soems to have gone to bed, shall I see who is there ?' -_4 Do, my. child/ said ber father.— 4 That move, Herr Wilholft./s-your last: checkmate!' ' Anna had arisen jmd opened the parlour-door, and stood on tho thvjbhotd like one spell-bound and incnpablojf further movement. Tho Horr and I crept up sijptly behind, and looked over her shoulder jusjftrflho fastenings of tbo door were being undjmejfcjomo udsosd power, as I bavo alnuuly do&mpF; child, that thou seest?" said j9rrBcrnD|iB|K 49poak aud fear not/ 1 see the pflantom of a woman, young and beautifuL saidvAnoa in a low voice, as If in obedieiw. to a summons sho could not disoboy. 4 Sho is dressed in greon. and has a gold chain round her neck. Sho IF very pale arid weary- looking, as with much weeping, afjprer her shoulders hor long bright hair fallnHjbnfined. Bhe has just descended the stairs, now io opens tho front door to let inPffm who knocked. Ho comes in— a tall, dark stranger, onvelOped in a loaf' cloak, which ho throws back as he enters. His hair is powdered : ho wears a vulvotoat, and carries a rapier by his side. Ho stoops and kisses the beautiful lady who has lot him in; and as she looks up into hp face, sho says to him in French : 40 Edouardjmkt a long, long timo you havo been awAylpfow sick the heart grows, watching and waiting for ono wo love! But you will not loavo mo again, will vou dcarl. Ho kisses ber again, but says nothing ; a4) now they go upstairs together — tho phantoms of two people who havo bcon in their graves for seventy years/ t Follow them, Anns', nut obild,' snid Herr iSBanhnrdt, ' nnd declare to's that, wliich thou jOnt and hcarest.' WVith asigh of intenso weariness,' as though the' rtSsk wore repugnant to ho, feelings, Anna began to ascand lho-Btairs_in_ohodionoo to hor fathor'a wishes, nnd we two followed in silenco. Sho led jre way without hoeitetion to the Groon Room, tftfjjstcned the door and went in. Hardly know- iMbhat I was about, I bad brought a candle tSBMh me, which I now held aloft as 1 stood in iHKdnorwnr, from wbonco it threw a dull un- celWtr light across the ompty desolate room : but Anna saw cunrything that occurred by another light than ours. She stood liko a boing rapt inspired — her features looking almost as' whito. Mt, and rigid as those of a corpse ; hor eyes wide Ijw, staring and horning with an intenso innor pnt'thnt soemed to bo drawn from no common onrthly source. ' Toll ma, my darling, what it is thou soest/ said tho father. .gfci I seo a room furnflRed in a rich and nn nntlquo fashion,' sajd Anna, in a low monotonous voice. ' There are twp people in itr— tbo two whom I fol lowed upstairs. Hushlafey are speaking. " How.pqlo and dertraifyWook, my JEdouard 1 Yon bring mo had nownt Weud it in your eyes." " Bad news indeed, Mario !'My fntlicr is inrx- tornblo j ho has mndo arrangements for my marriago with the lady of whom I spoko to you before — sho is siftich. I am ruinyd, and dare not disobey. Marie, we must part i" "Part, my Edouard! wo who havo been so floppy ; who havo lived only for.oaoh other; wo to whom lifo for tho last two yttVims boon ono _biigJlA.dfosm.otJoycJ_Ah,JhKt5»nnotJ)oJmo.Ii!_ " It is only too true. Marie I I cannot disobey my f%ther— nay, ho h# extorted from mo a pro- thbajtojWff ier whom he lias choson, for mo I" RDKj?hat didnu promise me, Edouard, that vjgmjwf'hen i fledawny . from my fathor'e ? v— SBir you perauoded mo to quit my own hfiaugliJt Fnco, and accompany you in a fisher man a boat «cross that tcribla sea to this sad island, whoro. I livod only in tho light of «ur love? What wns it that you promisod moon mat night r Did you not swear tome, by tho memory of your dond mother, that yon would mflko me, and mp alone, your wifo?" " I did— I did. IioAvon holp me I But those regrets are useless. Tho pasLis boyund roonll. Listen, Mario I I may as welRoU you tho worst nt nnctI amarriod already 1" A a 'Thty-hnvVbeon walltiug to and fro in tlio Toom, he clinging to bis arm, as though beyond liitu tho world held nothing. Now she stops and looks up into his foes wltb wild despairing ayos, before whioh his own tremblo and fall. " You— are— married— and not to mo ?" sho says. " It is loo'horrihlo for boliefi Tell, me again, Edouard : 1 cannot have hoard aright." "Alas, Marie, it inlkt too true. I am married to n woman wl; o in I aoteat. My ahsoncos baye aroused her suspicions,. and. I.dare "not see you more. It pierces me to the heart to tell you this, but I am powerless to avert tho k|M&vHavo; no riof8 a d"'10 future ' marrg«B:raade me kwo from me, an FiuW, ltC?raPQnB0? ® my life— my love, my -uitsbnndl- let mo kisa.yqu onco more,; neain lot theso arms clasp yofiUlKk, this head lie on your Jjnsom? Ah, to dlojloi Arid is tho ond really ctuuo? Never moro to sco -youjnyJiqart's iunitiug? A moment, , So, I am bravo now. I havo pressed back all tears to my heart. Yes I am bravo, but wohkThcre la wloo in that flask,' my Edouard.- Mjtllp nro favored; give mo of it Itodrink. ThanksT Soohov/itspnrklest Beauti ful winoA I shall soon bo boLtor now. One Inst kiss— ana now I drink, Toybn, Edouard, lonfj €3 nud happiness: tome— this! All gone/jjH i last drop. This, Edouajjj), is tlio rovongo of 'V broken heart." Ho takoe.tho glass from hor band, and ns ho. jLucah to replaco It on Ine tnblo, nwestaggors, pbfiills honvily to tbo fionr. Ho rfrjy|OR to hor Tielp. 41 What is this, Mariol"' ho exolalmsi as ho r.tisos hflT Iu his arniafr 0' 41 It is denth, dnrlirig Jail thftt to»ow loft for your' poor Marie. . YojSjMMlTtho blow, and from your hnnd I took fl8jEwigrbuh-X#brgj>pi I forgive. Bomembori" "# V #' 4 0 fnthor, I con no more,?' cried poor Anna. 4 It is too torrlblo 1' Sho foil back into her fnthor e armat and almost insensible; a film gathered over hor eyes, and hor lipa atill worked, but no sound CAmofrom them. Wo carried hor down- staira /llqjbftcr n timo, tho attentions of hor fnthor and olcH&artlm; brought her round sufficiently to allow of hor boing escorted home; but for somo days after wards, she remained in a very low, nervous, and doproB8ed condition. I could not help oxprassing my regret to Horr Bernhardt at the lamootablo termination of tbo experiment. 4 Had I foreseon what would havo.takon ptaco, I cortninly would notJravo subjoot Anna to aua| atrial/ said theHfBft'- 4 But you must boaijn. -miad-thftt-it-waswjUbo-rooro-fact-of.seoiDgilthft: phantoms, or dhflafca.-or whatever you liko to call thoro, that affeaMHlApfveB so strongly, bat tho terriblo trngodjEjSqh sho wsb n helpless Wit ness; of tho- pSn|Kra, of which I, of courso, knew nothing, wnen. asking her to dosoribo to us what sho saw. TMfc faoulty of spiritual insight, as I may call it, which she possesses, is certainly a vory singular one, aaihpever mot with any one in whom it is bo faiTjVcveloped as it is in ber. It differs both from the clairvovanra of the French and from tho power said to oe pMsessod by the Am'crioan mediums for poor Anna haB< no pre. tensions oither to reading tho thoughts-of persons present or absont, or to holding communcintion with tho spirits of tho dead. It was not till aftor 1 bor loog illness— tho illnesB that took away hor voice— that we discovered that sho was possessed of this strange faoulty, and then only by accident ; but ns sho baa a morbid distaste for tbo exercise of it, I only call it ipo active sorvico on very, rare occasions. It is tnxiystoriouB gift, and ono that poor Anna tries to foraet that sho is pos- sosseci of. Ab, my friond, ifMjL bad but heard hor voice before sho was ili Tho Franioin Anna soonjjjpbvored her usual health, whioh had not fortooirib years boon of the best, and I was very glad to rent another. dwoll- APg-intho-riolghborhood. . . SubBegoepUy,. raijv way company mado offers for tho ' purchfife "of Farthing Lodge, and as tho amount-was satisfac tory I closed with them. Tho houso was pulled dowo, and a railway now runs over the place where it stood, of couso nothing has boon heard of tbe ghosts since Farthing Lodge was demo lished. . ' i . - A Dabuino Elopement.— Less than n year ago thero came to" the city of St. Joseph a poor but honest mechanic, who has during his resi dence among the citizens earned an enviable re putation by his strict and" moral conduct, nnd closo attention , to his labour. Longor ago than that there also camo amongst tbom a young married couple from tho East. Thoy were sur- roundod by every luxury, , the wifo being an- heiress of great pretenBtonB. Tho young man became a frequent visitor to the houso of tbe young married couple, but up to the present timo there was not tho least suspicion that his visits wore anythiog but honorabio, /and wo inolino to the opinion that- they wero' filt. One day the lady came into possession of gfeout 29,000 dole, in cash as her proportion .of a/patrimony in the East Then it appeara she conceived a liking for tho yipng rqgohanic, aod with bim doped. ' Tele grams Itavodisclosed tho fact that thoy were being rapidly whirled through. Canada on an express train. Thoy. took wHh them'tho whole of the money lately receivoDy tho iany. The husband started on aiif xprcsajrain in puqit of tho runaways. Pn&nuPTiAL; a breach- , of promisncaso hoarABvLirexpopl jM. week, j!er- eant'abDB,jp h o dofo nt'W defondaS Fntinjfflbr aeturo f.proiBMtich he had girl it waftamistakb/Who articles wHwf no askod for roro not presents His lord ship (reading from a list) : 44 Oiie pair of cork sotcd elastic side boots" (laughter). Mr. Ser geant Simons said tho bootswora no doubt tho property of tlio dofondnnt's lato wife, and could not possibly bo given as a present to tho plaintiff. He then fkoceqdcd to oofimoratl Homo of tho articles, ' l&tfikjibatrich; feathers, two jara of preserved giiu|HnOT coqfBQ they know lovo yas warm, hut 'wmrar it was intended tW. thn ginger shotlld behn omblopi of ilia old gentle man's affection ho could naisay (laughter). Two jars of jel|g, one bottle of obutney, two brass npittons— purely they were not for tbo lady— th'reo largo woollen blankets (laughter), one - ditto quilted countorpano." These, tho .learned . ser geant pontended, could not have boon givop as presents to the young lady. ' 