CHURCH COUNCILS.— No. II. the nicene council. une or the most. remarkable, conversions which the history of Christianity unfolds, occurred early in the fourth century, in the case of Constantine, surnamed "the Great." The miraculous element with which it has been invested, viz., the vision of the luminous cross seen bv him on his march from Gaul to Italy, rests upon a very slender authority. The, only writer of that; age who mentions is Eusebius, who professed to have received the state ment from Constantine himself; but there was no publication of it till after the death of the Emperor, fully twenty- five years subsequent to the transaction which is said to have occurred. . The reason assigned by Constantine for embra cing Christianity, as also recorded in his life by Eusebius, was that the success which had attended him led to the belief of a God and a Providence; and these views, it is said, were inculcated by his father, Constantius Chlorus. Several acts of his life might lead to the conclu sion that he was influenced chiefly by the policy which often directs statesmen — expediency rather than principle; and that, finding Paganism on the wane, and Christianity, notwithstanding all the hostility it had to encounter, was become an organization of strength and energy, considered it his wisest course to identify himself with the new system. After the defeat of Maximentius, and the establishment of Constantine at Rome, the celebrated edict of Milan, bearing date 313, was published. It decreed absolute and unlimited freedom of wor ship. This was followed by several enact ments favourable tn the progress of Christianity, such as the prohibition of punishment by crucifixion, from regard to Him who was crucified for mankind ; relieving Christians from being compelled to join in Pagan sacrifices and ceremonies, performed to promote national prosperity ; abolishing gladiatorial shows and magical rites, &c.; He published an edict in favour of the observance of the Lord's Day, but probably to gratify the heathen, retained name, Day of the Sun. He sanctioned the carrying of matters in . litigation from Pagan courts to be heard before bishops, and enacted several mea sures conferring power and privileges on the clergy, which it is very questionable served the interests of true religion. On the defeat of Licinius, who ruled in the East, Constantine attained to the summit of his ambition, ond became sole ruler of the vast Roman Empire. In transferring his residence from Rome to Byzantium, he came more into contact with those controversies which at that period agitated the Church ; the principal of which was just then raging at Alexan dria, between Arius and Bishop Alexan der. In virtue of the office which apper tained to Roman Emperors, that of Pontife x Maximus , or supreme dignitary of the Pagan hierarchy, Constantine may have judged himself qualified to act as legislator in all matters relating to both doctrine and discipline in the Christian Church. He therefore addressed a letter to the leading disputants of Alexandria, dwelling upon the fact that Providence had' bestowed peace upon the empire through his instrumentality, and how much he desired to see unity and peace in the Church. Hosius of Cordova, in Spain, who presided at many councils was the bqarerof the letter, and commissioned to, do his utmost to effect a reconciliation. These efforts not succeed ing, the Emperor resolved upon convening a . General Council, fixing upon Nice, in Bithynia, as the place of meeting. The number of bishops who attended the Council has been reckoned at 318 ; beside these there were presbyters, and eminent laymen, making in all not less than 2000. They had collected from every part of the Christian world— from Persia, the Island, of Cyprus, from Syria and Palestine, from Upper Egypt, and from Carthage. - The western portion of th-'i Church was represented by several froti) France, Spain, and Italy ; and some will >:ave it; that ecclesiastics from Briviin were present. The Bishop of Roi/ie, Sylvester, was Waged and infirm to attend, but was represented by two presbyters, Vitus and Vicentius. There were many in the assembly , who had suffered, in the terrible Diocletian perse- cutions — some disabled in their limbs, and others with' the right eye dug out. There were there of whom marvellous stories have been told, as gifted with .the spirit of prophecy, or as workers of miracles. Times were wonderfully chan ged with these men, from being treated with scorn, insult, and cruel persecution, to be courteously invited, conveyed at public- expense, and sumptuously enter tained in the Imperial palace. The Emperor took a leading part in the transcation of business. Having taken the chair (a golden one, it is said, provided for the occasion), he addressed the assembly, referring to the victories which had crowned his arms, and the peace which Providence had vouchsafed to the Empire. He then spoke of the dissensions in the Church, which he considered originated from trifling causes, and their having occasioned him great trouble ; and finally, he expressed a nope that they would " wind up by laws of peace every link of controversy." The chief subject of debate was that which had been discussed at several councils, viz., the question between the Arian and the Orthodox party. The following is the proposition of Arius, as given in a letter to the Bishop of Alexandria : — " We believe that there are three persons, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. God, the cause of all things, is alone without beginning ; the Son, begotten of the Father before time, made before the ages were founded, was not before he was begotten ; nor is lie eternal or co-eternal, or begotten at the same time with the Father." It is thus put by Socrates, one of the earliest Church historians : " That if the Father begat the Son, he who was begotten had a beginning of existence : therefore once the Son did not exist; therefore He is formed from what once was not." The expressions which pre vailed in the Ante-Nicene Creed, such as "God of gods," "Light of light," and which have the sanction in Heb. i. 3, being understood in a philosophical sense (and it was a philosophical objection to the Or thodox belief which formed the ground work of the whole Arian scheme), could be subscribed by Arius and. his party. After much, and, in some instances, vio lent discussion, the following Creed was adopted by the Council : — " Wo believe in one God the Father Almighty, Maker of all things, visible and invisible ; and in one Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the only begotten of the Father (that is, of the substance of the Father), God of God, Light of Light, very God of very GodJ Begotten not made, of the same sub stance ( Homoousion ) with the Father; By whom all things were made, both things in Heaven and things on Earth ; who descended for us men and for our sal vation, and was incarnate, and was made man. He suffered and rose again the third day ; He ascended into Heaven, and will come again to judge the quick and the dead. And in the Holy Ghost." The anathema which is appended will show the intensity of the dispute. It runs thus : — " But such as say there was a time when He was not, and that before He was begotten He had no being, or who affirm the Son of God to be of any other sub stance or essence, or created, or subject to variableness or change; such persons doth the Ca tholic and Apostolic Church anathe matise." The Orthodox party was led by Atban- ssius, a young Deacon of the Church at Alexandria, one of the most able contro versialists the Christian Church has pro duced, and who for half a century after the Council of Nice, as Bishop of Alex andria, and more than once in banishment for his opinions, faithfully maintained the principles he advocated at Nice, With Arius there were Eusebius of Nico- media, Theognis of Nice, Maris of Chalce- don, and one or two Egyptian bishops. These tried to effect a compromise by changing tho watchword of the Orthodox party, Homoousion into Homoiousin, like substance, and this would have been highly acceptable to a considerable party of serai- Arians, of whom Eusebius of Cesarea, who was a favourite with Con stantine, might be considered the repre sentative; but, with the exception of Arius, and a few who pertinaciously held with him, the Creed, as above cited, was signed by all present. From the accounts which have reached us (the authentic records of the Couneil are very scanty), there were several other subjects under deliberation. The question respecting the celebration of Easter was decided in favour of the Western Church. Twenty canons, chiefly relating to discip- » r line, such.as the 'morals of the clergy, the - treatment. to be extended to the Novatians; and other seceders from the Church, are generally; received. The Sixth Canon is i the only one which has given rise to con-- tioyersy, inasmuch as it, in the estimation - of some Roman Catholic advocates, favours : the doctrine of the Papal supremacy; while in the opinion of others it places the Bishop of Rome on a level with other - Metropolitans. The following is the clause referring to the question — " Let ancient customs prevail (as, for instance), those in Egypt, Lybia, and Pentapolis: that the Bishop of Alexandria have power over all these, since the same is customary for the < Bishop of Rome. Likewise in Antioch, and other'provinces, let the privileges be : secured to the Churches." It may be pre sumed that, under the direction of Con- . stantine, who regarded himself as the head of the Church as well as of the Em- - pire, and whose desire was to model it ac- : cording to the plan of the civil Govern- ; ment, that no such supremacy as the . Bishop of Rome has since claimed, would have been then tolerated. There were other questions relating to , private interests, and involving accusa tions against one another, presented to the Emperor during the sittings at Nice ; but he took tho dignified course of burn- ; ing their petitions in their presence with- ; out reading them. V; — Eoangleist. 