AUSTRALIAN HARVESTS. We turn aside with a feeling of relief from thp contemplation of the Men and Measures of the Queensland Government, for the pur pose of considering the relations of tho grain growing colonies of Australia with our North- ii>Ia>/iU io \rnf rlnnfi n Arl tft lia/inmn tjPlj Ivli ibUl j | ii tllvil AO J taw vv s/vyuuiw a large consumer of cereals. The harvest of 1868-9 wiil, by all accounts, bo tbe largest that has yet been gatberod iu New Holland. Last year ic was a good, one in all the colonies, with the exception of South Australia, where the greater part of the crop was destroyed by the wire worm, but this year it is genorally abundant, and not only will there bo a large surplus, both in South Australia and Victoria, but even New South Wales, for the first time in its history, will be able to feed itself. Such are the results not only of gradual agricul tural improvement, but also of the impetus which has been given to this pursuit by liberal laud legislation in the two last named colonies. Enrtns caunot, evon under free se lection, be formed iu a year, but seven years have now elapsed since these laws began to tauo effect, and now we have the result iu the transformation of tho Australian colonies from corn importing to corn exporting countries. The immense extent of cereal farming in the Southern colonies bids fair, unless in a case of wide spread failure of crops, to make us independent of Chilian supplies, neither are we likoly to have recourse to California for grain, or to be taunted with our inferiority to the States in our agricultural enterprise. We have in fact passed noiselessly through a great economical revolution, the full effect of which we have not as yet been able to properly es timate, but we can hardly doubt that it "will soon bring about mnuy unlooked for ehauges. The alarm iu 1868 as to the wire worm led to tho introduction of many cargoes from tho West coast of America, which were not wautoa, fund would have reduced the prices to zero had not ,tho failuro of the crops in England opened a market which was success fully usod .to a large oxtont, and in a manuer saved .the South Australian and Victorian farmers. This year thore is 'no -doubt ns to the magnitude of .the .crop, for in South Au stralia alone it is said there .will he a surplus of 1,000,000 bushels of w.heat, and .upwards of .2,000,000 .bushels Lin Victoria. :Then if; New South \V ales supplies itself, the two before mentioned colonies and Tasmania will.; have no home market except Queensland :aud -New Zealand, mid tlieso at present are unable to absorb one half .of .the .quantity grown. , Neither is there any hope iu,the English, market this-seasou, for tho harvest thero lias boen a plentiful oue, and besides, the comple- lion of the extensive railways of Southern Russia will, at is supposed, henceforth bring into the English market; tho regular . and auuual supply of wheat required, at a price which will exeludo America and even , the Bnltic .countries. The holders of wheat iu the colonies must either store it for au- 1 other year iu the hope of a less abundant harvest, either by . deficiency of the seasons or the .substitution of green and other crops, or they must bestir themselves and find out new markets. This latter will, wo are afraid, be found to ho a somewhat difllcult process, for tho most accessible countries with large populations, such np India and China, are not regular importers .or consumers of wheat, and ' are about the last countries ,to have roeourso to for .a market on a sudden emergency. /The same remarks apply to Japan and tho Dutch, Islands iu the Eastern Archipelago, though something might be done in all of thoin at low prices. The only foreign market ever found by the Australians for grain is the Mauritius, which though small, is always available; and then the Cape, which is a regular importer of breadstuil's, might be ox- 1 pectocl to take a good deal ufc, as we have ob served, low ratos. But all these outlets are small compared to the stock on hand, and nothing can provent prices falling to a very lovv figure, eveu lower than tho cost of pro duction. This may, and probably will cause great temporary loss to the farmers, but it cannot fail to teach them to vary their crops in times to come, and to use a homely phrase, not to pat " all their eggs in one basket," as thoy have long persisted in doing as regards wheat. At the same time whatever loss the farmers may sustain will bo compensated to the community at largo by the general fall of prices. Here, as well as iu England and else where, a good harvest will, now that tho peo ple depend upon tho soil for their bread, bo found the keystone of national prosperity. Under its sustaining influence numerous en terprises tending to tho advancement of the colonies will be set in motion, aR it will be- como apparent to the meanest capacities, even to those of Mr, Macaltsteb and his tail, that au undue proportion of Australians cannot be profitably omployedcven in agriculture, and that they must fiud out and devote their energies to other pursuits. May we not hope for a por tion of this latent energy now about to bo liberated, to come our way, and serve to de- velope our rising industries? Had Australia been'systematically colonised, instead of being left to a sort of tinkering immigration which, after all, was but patch work, the mass of the people would not havo been crowded iu the South, but might have beon spread over the whole Eastern seaboard, and in Carpentaria, pursuing and developing industries suit'liblo to their climates, and the whole becoming mutual customers. What would not the Southern farmers now give for a Queensland with half a million of people raising cotton, sugar, and other numerous tropical productions, and the said half million to he dependent upon them for their daily food ? Such a market caunot imleod be created in a day or a yoar, but it can in a number of years, limited enough to be mndea calculation in men's lives, and we commend the question to tho consid eration of tho capitalists of the South, per fect. y satisfied that they will find able and willing assistants here to co-operaio with them. Northern Queensland must draw her supplies from the South, and those supplies will be great or small as the cane and the jwrf cover her lands. Onco those industries aro properly started, it will scarcely bo possible to predict tho advauco of our future wealth or pros perity. The ouly stumbling-blocks in our path aro our Representatives, who purchase their seats by promises of liberal patronage to their supporters, reserving, as in the caso of Mr. I'Ttzgehaxb and others, the right which an exultant English M.l1. once exercised to wards his discontented constituency, half of whose votes woro paid for, " 1 bought you," said he, " and by G — I'll sell you." The only difference betweon tho British and tho Queens land Member of Parliament is, that the former is the more candid. A Blunder. — "By somo unaccountable mistake one of tlio best known names in tho history of urt, that of the celebrated " Bonvenulo Oellini." whoso hold and impatient character, and vanity only equalled by his abilities, aro as well known to every school boy as his hie lace hoc, waB twisted iu our issuo of tho Oth iiiBl. into " Bcnrenule Cellini." How tho error aroso wo aro yet unablo to discover — but wo suppose it wa9 tho fault of tlio Editor or tho devil, or somo of tho inter vening familiars. Grand old Cellini, if his ghost walkpd tho earth it would oortaiuly liaro visited U9 last night, and asked us how wo ' came to cast such it slur upon him who slew tho Bourbon beforo tlio walls of Rome, and curved the Perseus with the head of Modusa. The Bridge. — A gentleman waitod upon us yesterday, who statod that ho represented many parties on the North Side of tho river, who woro intensely anxious that a bridge should bo thrown across tlio Fitzroy, and who woro willing to couie forward and tnko a largo number of shares, if tho Corporation would drop tho ferries altogether and restoro tilings to their original state, and to roinuin bo until tho com pletion of tho Bridge. Wo therefore onco again urgo upon tho Corporation to puuso nnd to consider aalmly and with porf'cct impartiality, whether it would not bo fur better for thom .to take shares to tho amount of £2000 than to. spend a like sum on a steam punt, which they, in common with every ruteoayor in the town, well know, must proyo nil utter failure. It is as cortaiu as anything can bo, that a turgor dividend would accruo to tho town upon tho £2000. spent in assisting to provide a bridge thaq can poBsibly bo derived from the working of o steum punt, hot only this, but we fool assured that so handsome would tho returns bo that sufficient could be laid by annually to purchase tho bridgo and so present it eventually free to tho people, in uddition to a largo dividend lor capital invested. Working a stoam engino for 365 days in a voar, witli two ongineers, for we prosumo tho Ferry will not bo olosod of a night, will bo no light oxponso. Hospital.— Tho wing of the Hospital, which has beon rapidly proceeding under the superintendence of Mr. Spong, the urchitoot, is fast approaching comple tion, nnd wo believe tbnt tho men will be knocked off on Saturday next. ' There will bo then one wing to erect to finish the building, and when our Govornmont is liberally inolined, or cun eparo tlio money, no time will bo lost in completing a work which is oven now, an ornament to tho town, and a orodit to tho Hospital authorities and their architect. Mortality in Rookiiajipton.— Tho doatlis during tho pust 18 months in Kookhampton havo bcou 298, as follows :— Infants .under 12 months old 128 ; obilitron up to 5 yours 50 ; .6 years old and ,up to 10 6 ; 11 years old und up to 20, 5 ; 21 yours old and up to 30, 32 ; 81 years old and up to 40, 41 ; 41 yours old and up to 50, 21 ; .51 yoars old and .up .to 60, 9 ; 61 yours old and up to .70, G ; ,71 years old and over none. Tho moan avcrago of deaths bas.thus been at .1.5 years of ago.; or leaving out of.oalculntion the infants under .12 months old, the moan has .been at 26 yoars of ago Of adults (tlioso .who have oxcocdod 20 years of ago.)'" the lurgost number of .deaths. at, nny ono age has boon at 28 years, and tho noxt targost has boon ut 33 years :; and tho averago duration of life of such lias boon only 19i years, longer (to 39j) during tlio past 'eighteen mouths. . , v The Anti-Monopoly Committee.— ©n Saturday last thero was a largo attendance nt Mr. G. B. Shaw's Chambor. of Oommorco af tho lUiorclumts' and trades- tnon af Rookhainpton, .who mot togothor for .the pur- poso of taking definite steps with regard to scouring tlio Jhivilah as u. regular trudor botwoon Sydney to , Rockliampton .via Brisbano. His Worship tho Mayor was in tho chair. It appears that arrangements of a j satisfactory nuturn havo beon .entorod into with Captain Harloy, who has engaged to lay on tho ' Havilah at onee, for tho space of throo months, at ia rata of freightage unci pussugo us agreed upon, and further—if at tho .pud of tho throe months suffleiont support bo givon, lie agrees to place bis o.wu .yessol .on permanently and probably others. The mooting was porfoctly unanimous, und tlioso present pledged them- solves to support to their very utmost an opposition which was startod on such fair and reasonable terms. Tho success or uon-succos9 of tho enterprise now lies with the raerohants aud shippers of tho North ; onco again an opportunity is offoi od to them to weaken a monopoly which hus so sarioualy affuotoq .the interests of trade, and if thoy faltor now, or if tbey do not " support to thoir very .utmost" tho Savilah, wo may rest assured that it will bo quickly run oil' the wators of the Fitzroy by its powerful rivals. It was not luok of spirit, nor of means, on our parts that caused U9 to allow tlio Queensland Company to cpllapso, it was want ,bf unity and disinterestedness. The Queens land Company was not universally supportod, and when an attampt was made to prop up its failing powors, tho response from tho wholo of tho Nortli was weak and as ft turned out — useless. Tho A.S.N. Co. aro in tlio fioid, and wo must romomber tliev aro per fectly justified in using tho weapons thoy haro, to tho vory boBt advantage ; the havo a right to boat their rivals if thoy can ; thoy aro merely carrying out the practices followed by all comthorcial and other speculators ; llioroforo tho struggle between them und us ie porfoctly legitimate. Wo can win if wo like and wo can looso if we like. Wo havo froiu thocommanco- mailt fearlessly brought the subject boforo the public, and havo neither chosen our exprnssious nor hesitutod in speaking truth, when wo thought there wus unduo oppression on tlio side of tho compauy, or a waut of consistency and unity on that of tho pooplo. Wo have written for tho good of Rockhamptongnd thecolony,und tyo should havo failed iu our duty und evinced but littlo independence if we hud hesitated iu pointing out things wo considcrod inimical to tho cuqso we wore so anxious to servo uud derogatory to tho dignity of a high spirited and onergetio community. The various spoooitcs made at tho Chamb.'i' of Commerce, by those most interested, prove to us that a doubt exists as to the general unity urd stedfastness of purpose, and the refusal to givo u written -gunrantoo oxlii bits a somewhat loiilon confidence in tho ability of tho Havilah to carry at such low rates us the A.S.N. Company, If wo allow tho present opportunity to pass us by, anothor will not roadily occur, and wo sliull. bo, perhaps, for years fighting against two ol the worst evils that effect tho commercial interests of tho people, clearness and in? completeness of curriuge. Ridgelands. — Fresh disooyerieB continue to bo mndo on the Kidgolands ; a fow days sinco Glovor and party wbo aro oat prospocting, hit upon a roof about 5 mites north of the old vyorkings. A trial crushing of 3 tons of stono was made nt the-Yalantine and resulted in a yield of 7 ozs. Tho new discovery has inspired tho minors in tho neighbourhood lyitli fresh spirit, as it proves that our districts havo not been half pros pected, and that the reefs extend far beyond the limits which have beon assigned to them by thoso who aro supposed to bo able to giro opinions ex cathedra. Volunteers. — Our volunteers with their usual spirit, liuvo determined upon making Easter Monday a holiday mora than in tho namo, for wo sec they have enguged the Clarence for that day in order to take a trip to tho bay, and if the weather bo fine, wo havo no doubt but that the usual amount of plcasuro, fun and frolic will tako placo, and tho ordinary number of dead men loft, upon tho ground to prove tho vigorous at tacks that wore made upon that terrible " enemy, " Thirst." An excursion to the bay would not bo an excursion worth anything if Captain Cottier woro not tho presiding genius, for as Falstaff was not only witty himself but the oauso of wit in others, so tho Captain of tlio Claronoe is not only jolly in himself but ho in fects every ono in his company with a passion for jollity, albeit ho has 'a spico of tho Ruck spirit of mis chief in him, which renders his fun tlio moro piquant. Tlio nowly forraod band will bo in attondanoo, and will no doubt, add much to the harmony of tho day. State op the Hospital. — Return of pationts for last fortnight: — Admitted, 21 ; discharged, 18 ; died, 2 — 1 fall from a horso, 1 from rupturo of artery ; remaining, 25 maleB, 4 females. Rockiiampton Cemetery. — Tho intermonts during tlio past fortnight havo beou 7 infants and 4 adults. Total, 11. a Morinish. — A targe quantity of Btone which was cast asido as rubbish by tho original proprietors of the now Morinish Company's olaiin, havo lately been passed through tho machine by the orders of tho Directors of the Company, and has resulted in a yield of 5 dwts. to tho ton, a return which has considerably moro than paid expenses. A contraot has been entered into with Mr. J. Pnttison to raise 500 tonB of stone from No. 1 North Alliance. Tho Alliance Company will not for tho future raise thoir quartz by lender, as they find thoy can do it cheaper by day work. Postponement. — Wo aro roqestod by Messrs. Ward aud Eden to state that, from unavoidable circumstan ces, tlioy will not be ablo to be in Rookhainpton defore the 3rd April noxt. Land Sale.— On Thursday the sale of Crown Lands at tlio land ollico was very thinly attended, there boing present only four persons. Thero woro 6 lots alono purchnscd, and those at the upset price, thore boing no competition at all. Lot 1, portion 219, 146 aoros ; lot G, portion 217, 206 acres, 2 roods ; lot 7, portion 218, 182 acres, 1 rood, all in tho parish of Rookhampton nnd on tho railway lino, were bought by Mr. Rea for William Arehor, Esq., at the upsot prico of 15s por acre. Lot 3, portion 220, 26 aorea, 3 roods, 30 perches and lot. 17, portion 21, 5 acres, 3 roods, 20 perches in the same locality, were purchased by Japqes Fairley at the upset price of 15s por acre; Mr. Fairloy also pur- chnsnd lot 60, portion 120, in the parish of Gracomoro, 28 aores, 3 roods 30 porolios at the upsot prico of 15s por aore. The total procpods ol the sola wero £447 7s 7d. Theatre T'oyal. — Wo see that Mr. Bqrford lias returned from tho Cowarral, and that he appenrs at tho Theatro Royal this evening. As his stny will bo limited, und as tho purses of playgoers have not lately been vory muoh taxed, wo oxpoet if tho weather Bhould bo favorablo, that many wil( go to hava a last poop at an actor' who lias 'gained so muoh celebrity in tho South, and who soma months sinco so pleasod tho Rockliampton public, with his ablo delineations of such olmraoters as Jacob McOlosky, Salom Scuddor and Rip Van Winkle. Sudden Illness. -i-Wo regret vory much to state that Mr. J. Carow cf this town, lios iu a vory dan gerous state. It appears that on Saturday morning Mr. Collior, managing' clork to Mr. Bellas, had bor rowed tlio Northern') Argus from Mr, Carow, and lliut ho returnod to thift gontloman's room a short timo afterwards,' and loundl him ly'ing undor his desk per fectly inotionloss, with blood flowing frenly from a out in tlio templo. Mr. dullior immediately raised liiin and called for assistance ; Drs. Callaghan and M'Ncely woro almost directly iij uttendanco, and proqouncod tlint Mr. Carow wus suffering from an attack of opi,? lopBy. .Every effort wils uiado by tho inodical gentle men to restoro couBciousnoss, but wo understand that fit followed fit, and than'at one time lifo was despaired of. About 4 o'clock in ijie afternoon a change for tlio bettor was observable, aitd Dr. M'Neoiy, ,who. had re-, inainod with tho patient (luring tho dny, hud him with out loss of timo conveyed homo. Although Mr, Carew passed a very bad night, w are happy to say ho rallied, yestorduj, and lato last evening wo hoard ha. was con siderably better. 'j Presentation. — The cjorks of the Bank of New South WaleB liuvo, we understand, prosoutod R. H. D. Vvhito, Esq., with a handsome silver salvor, as a proof > of tlio general esteem in whioh thoy hold him. i Mr. Maoahster. — Tho Courier says, " Wo hnvo boon hourly uxpooting a Gazette with tlio notification of Mr. Mucalistor'B resignation,, but up to tho timo of .goiug to pross it had not mado its appoaranco. It may, howovor, cojno to 'light at six o'clook this morn- ing, as on a previous occasion. Wo shall bo .very much disappointed if -tlio lion, gcntlonian does not give tho public this 'fresh proof of his 'Consistency.; Tho soiisitjvoncsB vwliich mado him declare liis deter- > initiation to louvo tlio Government oil account of "Mr. j Fitzgerald's northern speeches, will surely determine ' him to ndopt u similar oourso now .that Mr. Taylor ; lias so ruthlessly upsot his previous notion by eonoel- ; iliiig tho 'Proclamation af tho jth January last. Tliati proclamation was a most obnoxious one, and line ; pressed most iniquitously upon many of our small ' sottlors, but Mr, Maoaliator lurnod a doaf oar to all ' tlio remonstrances imudo to liim on tlio subjoot. Mr. ; Taylor is to bo congratulated for tho sound soiibo and . firinnoss ho lias displayed in repudiating Mr. Mnoulis- ter's conception of tho requirements of the case: ho will .evidently do his duty fearlessly and follow thp ' courso ho thinks correct, unbiassod by tho predilections or antipathies of his prodccossor. Tiio proclamation , ho has issued in last Saturday's Gazette is a siiupio L .act of justion to .the lesscos under tho 67th clauso of '. tho Act of I860, nnd shows that the interests of tho small sottlors will not bo allowed to suilbrin his hands. ' ' Mr. Macalister surely cannot remain ia tho Ministry . after flius receiving tho snub direct." Tho Queens land 'Express remarks, " It wiib entirely to conciliuto Mr. Taylor that Mr. Maoaliator was -taken back by tho ' Premier after liis' base .desertion of bis party and his alliqnco syilh tlio squatting opposition. It sooms that 1 Mr. Tuytor'e blunt outspokoiinoss can no longer bo restrained, and ho has fittingly described his colleaguo - iu public, in tho presence of tho Governor, as a " paltry attorney." Tho late cnalition was an unnatural and an immoral ono, and tho political baekslidings of a fow weoks past are now beginning to produco tho inevitable : lfoinosis whioh wus thou faresoon, Through his dis honesty and conceit Mr. Macalister has broken up tho Liberal party ; but if ho loaves office now, as ussurcdly ho must, thore scorns ovary hopo that his ourcor as a Minister of State in this colony is for ovor nt an end." A Deserter. — Tho ooinpanyj of tho Quoou,s Own, 50th Regiment, which has been stationed in Brisbane for the last twelve months, -embarked yosterday on board tho troop-ship Himalaya, whioh is now lying in Brisbano Roads. Tho Kate, s., left town early in the forenoon for the ponul station at St. Hotenn, with a party of polico to relievo tho military guard tlioro. Tho soldiers, sixtoou in number, wore thou taken on bourd tho Kate, and conveyed to tho Himalaya. Tho soldiers iu town, sixty-four of thorn (nearly all of whom scorned to bo intoxicated), with thoir officors Captain Eden, Lieutenant Macgrogor, and Ensign Broinfield, wore takon to tho ship in tlio A.S.N. Co.'s s. Dimnan- tina, whioh had boon chartered for tho purpose of con voying tho troops to tho transport. On tho way down tho rivor un incident occurred which for the moinont created somo little cxcitotnopt. Just as tho stoamor got abreast of tlio Custom-house ono of tho privates, who appeared loch to leave Brisbano, suddenly jumpod overboard with the intention of swimming ashore. The stenmor was at once stopped, backed astern, an a' boat lowered. A boat also put off from tho schooner Lookout, whioh was lying in tho stream, so that ho yvas picked up immodiutely, with no further hurt than a good ducking. Ho made somo rcsistanco in gbttimt- into tho steamer when tho boat got alongsido. Finally, howevor, ho was takon on board, whore ho was secured in a manner that prevented his getting into further mischief, — Courier. Opening of the Like to Allora. — A telegram to tho Courier uu-ys: — " Tlio railway lino to Allora, was formorly oponod yesterday by His Excollonoy Colonel Blaekall. Four trains startod, oaoh orowded with passengers. Tho Govornor was very well received. In honor of the ovont tho mombers of tho Government gave him a public luncheon which was presided ovor by tho Hon. Arthur Macalister, who had already issued all tho invitations. Ho did not invito the Mayor of Toowoomba, or tho Members. Tlio Hon. Jamos Taylor, M.L.A., was intonded for Viee-Ohair- man, but declined. He was also to haro proposed Mr. Maculistor's health, but was forostallod in this by the Postmustor- Genoral. Mr. H. C. Williams, of Ipswich, ppjposcd (he health of tho Ministry, uud the Minister for Lauds (Mr. Taylor) replied to tho toast. I i his speech, ho pftuhod into Mr. John Douglas, the Post- master-Goneral, and tho Minister for Works (Mr. Macalister) whom ho called " a paltry attorney." Some disparaging remarks woro ulso mado respecting cortaiu tadioa. The wholo of the proceedings at this luucheon excited considerable disgust." Loss of Cattle.— A singular and distressing scone is reported to hava beon witnessed on tho Cunning Downs run a fow days back. Some stockmoc who wore in soaroli of wild cattlo in tho mountains, had with them a small lot . of quiot cattlo as docoys or oachcs, which were loft at n place known as tho Bull Springs, neur tho head of tho Condumino. Tho placo is in itsolf sufficiently lovol, but a wallaby track loads from it down a steep descent to a porpondioular wall of rook, ostiuiuted to bo 150 foot of a fall from the top. The cattlo must liuvo struggled down tlio narrow path way so fur as to rondor any oscapo, by turning back, iinpossiblo, and from some enuso or other ovory one of thom precipitated ovor tho ledge and ou to the rocks bolow ; tho torriblo crash of eourso killed nearly all of thom. Wo havo sinco beon informod that somo four or five of them woro found alive, but sadly muti lated. — Warwick Arg us. Pro Bono Publico. — " Competition is the soul of trado," says tho old provorb, and cqrtainly competition botwoon rival steamors is a good thing for traders and travellers. It was no sooner bccamo known tlint tho -Havilah, »., was to call at Rockliampton than tho A.3.N. Company had placards posted all over tho town stating tho Clarence, s., would take saloon pas- songors for Rockhsmpton at £2 per head, und steerage .passengers at £1. — Queen slander. Doctors Fees. — In tho course of tho trial of Buckby and Davis, for manslaughter, Dr. Buncroft, before boing sworn, asked his Honor the Chief Justice, who- tlier he was not entitled to the usual fees allowed to medical witnesses, mentioning at the same timo that in England ho had always" received ono guinea por day. Ho added that at the last criminal sittings, lie had boon in attendance at the court for nino days and that only two guineas had been offered in payment — a sum which, of course, ho refused. His Honor replied that hojbelievod tho payment was fixed by Act of Parlia ment, but that at any rate it was not his placo to say how much a witness was entitled to. Mr. Pring, Q.O., who conducted the proseoution, stated that Dr. Uun- oroft would be paid for his attondanoo at the rate of one guinea por day. Dr. Bancroft said that ho would bo quite satisfied, and tho trial proceeded.— -Queens- lender. French Leave.— G. H. Hall, Sheriff's officer; took " French leave " of his superiors somo days ago, and has not yot returnod. About the sumo timo a sura of money, of whioh the amount is not precisely known, also disappeared. Between £300 and £400 is missing, but as certain books and papers have gono too, tho sum lost can only be guessed at, at present. Hall, wo believe, announced that he was about to prooeed to the Downs tor the benefit of his hoaltli, but it was though t .that . ho. subsequently changed his mind and wont north. Ho has sinoo boen arrested in Sydney. — Queenslander. A Scene at Gysh>ie. — A most disgusting sosno was onaoted this afternoon in the middle ot tho liigh- yvay botween Nash's Bridgo. and tho crown of Cnlo- donia Hill. - Threo men, under tho inlluoncc of liquor, Stripped all but their trousers, were wrestling und boxing for nearly an hour in broad daylight, and iu tho presenco of a largo number of porsons of both soxes — attracted to the sceno by the noise. Tho revolt ing oaths of tbe combatants woro echoed by tho howls of some hundred dogs in tho neighborhood, and tho oonduct of the parties conccrnecl was like that, not of mon, but boasts. Not a fow pooplo on their way to ohurch were made involuntary witnossos of this gross outrage on public docenov ; but it was dark, and tho affray had terminated, boforo a solitary policoman mado his appearance. Six, at least, would havo found enough to ao to quoll tho disturbance at its height. — Giimpie Times. School of- Arts. — Final avraneomonts respecting ' the purchase of tho School of Arts by tho lpswioh Corporation, wero mado yesterday. Tho Mayor has succeeded in obtaining from tlio Govcrnmont a loan of £2800 for tho purpose. Tho mortgagee's olaim is £2450, but from this wo understand that cortuin sums collected for ront of tho offices have to bo doduotod. . Aftor paying off tho current liabilities of tho institu tion thore will be loft a' balance of about £100, which it is intonded to dovote to replenishing tho library and reading-room,' which are at present in a rather soedy condition, — <j. Times. Quarantine. — Wo understand that on the arrival of the City of BriB.bane, s., from Sydnay, Captain Knight (hr commander) is to bo summoned for a breach of the new quarantine regulations. It is stated that on tho occasion of his last visit to this port ho came up from tho anchorage without having obtained pratiquo from tho Water Police Inspector, who is also deputy Health Officer.— Courier. Arrival of nrs Royal Highnesb at Sydney. — The Galatea passed Twofold Bay ut about 8 o'cloolc in tlio morning of tiio 10th ; aud it was expootod sho would be off Sydney Hoads at an early lionr noxt day. The Royal Sydney Yacht, and tho Prinoo Alfred Yacht squadrons prooocdod to Watson's Bay, and awaited tlioro tho nrrirut of tho Princo. On Thursday morn ing tho Galatea swept past til 3 squadrons, which for want of wind woro coinpollod to romnin stationary. "The Galatea was boarded at somo distance off tho Hoads by tho pilot, who brought tho ship up tho har bour, and moored hor, in Farm Cove, ufnbout a quar ter to nino o'dlouk. Tlio steum yneht Fairy, an ho stoaniors Florenco Irving and Vesta, look mo ' . -Gor- sons down the harbour to meet the Galatea, ul;£ai, when tr.ot, was followed by thom at a respectful dis tance, until she dropped anchor. Captain Hixson.tlio Harbour Mas tog, and Captain Borosford, A.D.O., went .on boai'd.tho Prince's ship at about? o'olock, noar tho 'Heads, and Captain M'Lorio (tho Inspector-General of Polige) presented himself oil bonrd soon after tho ship had coino to 'her moorings,' 'On tliu - frniniJ. r Lady Mncquario's Chair, in tho Ge, P , -&L; neighbourhood of Fort Mucquarie, tliKpiands of r ota- tors ware assomhlod, ninny of whom had boon ai-wc fl ing for tlio ship for hours. By tlieso tho Galutoa and hor captain were welcomed with repeated choers. Captain Rosauit, of H.I.M.'s ship Gutoiiori, when tho Galatea came to an anchor, wont oil board to pay his respects, und thon returnod to his vossol. As Boon as the nrrivnl of tlio Galutoa bcuamo known in tlio har bour and in Sydtioy, lings were everywhere hoisted, so that the city and tlio shipping soon prcsontod a very gay and animated appourance. At 11 o'o'ock tho bargo of tho Galatea loft the ship. His Royal High ness landed at tlio Govornmont jotty, near Fort Muc quarie, and was roecived on tho wharf by Colonel Ciirthcw, of tho Royal Artillory, Captain M'Lorin tho Inspoctor General of Polico, Captain Cloeto the Water Polica Magistrate, Mr. Fosbory, Inspector Medley, and a fow others. To the right of tlio jetty, on iho ground betweon the road und the Fort, about four thousnnd persons were assembled,' amongst whom woro largo numbors of women and children. To tho loft, on the rend to tho Gurduii9, woro about ono thousand moro-i-lho wuy from tho jotty to the Govornmont House gate boiug left clear for tlib Prince and his suite. As the Princo landod, a continuous and gtfte- rnl oliooning greeted him. His Royal Highness bowed ropoutcdly to tho people, ub they thus gave him their .welcomo. Ho looked remarkably woll. The Duke and his suito wero mot, just insido tho gato, by his Excellency tho Earl of Bclmore, with whom wore tho Ministers, and other gentlemen. Tho Duke took a driro in the afternoon, and dined at Government House in tho eroning — Abridged from the S. M. Herald. Tr'adr. — Tho Economist soys "A slight improvo- niont may be noticed in tho breadstuffs market at al. oven's flour iB firmer, und a fow lots haro beon dis posed of at a slight advance upon last week's figure. Whether this will continue is very doubtful in the opinion of many. Wheat is -still scarco, and coming forward vory slowly; Good Victorian flour hus changed hands at £12 15s. to £13, and wheat has boon purchased readily at 5s. 7d. to a penny or so higher. Samples for seed (Tasmunian) aro worth fully sixpence higlior. Thero -is doing a good business in . oats, barloy, and tares, for sowing purposos, and seedsmen goncrally nre now actively ongngou in supplying up- country with the smaller seeds. Coiton Stealing. — Cotton stealing from tho plants appoors to bo again becoming, prevalent ibis season. We huve heard of sovornl parties who huvo gone into thoir fields of a morning to fintt thoir best patchos cleared by tlioso night prowlers. One man a few miles from town, last wook procoodod to his fiold with a dozen pickoi's ho had engaged, whon ho found his trees had already boon cleared during tlio procod- liight. He therefore started into town and purchused a double-barrelled gun, with a supply of powder ond shot, and avows hi9 determination to "i vt> a warm rccoption to the first thiof ho comes across. — Queens lander. 