FACTS AND SCRAPS. Why are ladies out shopping like birds that are long on the wing ?— Because it is a loug time 'before they settle ou their pure hose (perches). A enaction has set in against the " camel's hump fashion cf wearing dresses. The new robe is something between the old " yard of pump water" and the ghost of a crinoline. " Why arc old maids so devoted to their cats ?" asked a young coxcomb of an elderly lady. — "Because, having no husbands, they take to the next most treacherotis animals," was the reply. A Negro Conundbum. — "I say, Pete, when my little boy git his hair cut, why ort dat to be regarded as a great phenomena?" "I don't know, Bill." " Coz it am de 'clipse of de 6uu !" A witness Bpoke of a particular person as hav ing seen him " partially clad." " Was he not quite nude?" asked the examining counsel. "No," replied the witness, " he wore a pair of spec tacles." "There is but one good wife in this town !" said a clergyman, in the course of his sermon — the congregation looked expectant — "and every married man thinks he's got her," added the minister. Signs.— When you 6ee a young man and woman walking down the street, leaning against each other like a pair of tadly matched oxen, it is a pretty good sign that they are bent on con solidation. Too Bad. — A maiden lady, alluding to her youthful accomplishment?, said that at six months of age she went alone. A malicious indi- vidual present remarked, "les, and you have been all alone ever since." A clock is a sore puzzle to a pugilist, for, though it is up to time always, it only strikes at the hours, and takes a day in getting through a single round. It spars so badly, too, alwayB hold ing both its hands before its face ! At Church. — " Didn't you think the close of the sermon was very fine ?" asked Dorthea of Angelina. " Well, really now," replied Angelina, " I was so taken with the clothes of Rate Lorimer that I didn't notice the close of the sermon at ad." A famous judge came late to court one day in busy Bession ; whereat his clerk, in great surprise, inquired of him the reason. " A child was born," his honour said, " and I am the happy sire." "An infant judge ?" "Oh, no," ehid he, "as yet he's but a crier." "Sir," said a burly fellow, of no enviable character, " I have the largest neck of any man in the city." "Very likely," said his neighbour ; " and I saw yesterday the largest rope in the city. Now, put that and that together and we'll see how tall you Eire." A fortune-hunter, beingin a ball-room, heard a gentleman giving an account of the death of a rich old widow. " Died yesterday, in her eighty- ninth year," said the Barrator. " What a pity !" exclaimed the forlune-huuter ; "what a fine match she wouldhave made two days ago !" My Eye. — A man with one eye having laid a wager with another of perfect vision, that he (the "one-eyed person) saw more than the other, the bet was decided in favour of the first, on the ground that die could see two eyes in the face of his antagonist, whereas the latter could see but one eye in the face of the first. A Dilemma. — "While a country parson was preaching, the chief of his parishioners, sitting near the pulpit, was fast asleep ; whereupon he said, "Now, beloved friends, I am in a great strait ; for if I speak too softly those at the farther end of the church cannot hear me, aud if I talk too loud I shall wake the chief man in the parish." Revenge. — An offended woman, not having a special invitation to the funeral of a near neigh- hour, remained at home and sent the following note to the mourners : — I think I have been slighted in being omitted from your list of invita tions. We shall probably have a funeral at our house oue of these days, and we won't invite you ! So there!" In a case of great irritation, oue of the counsel, usually a mild and amiable gentleman, became so much excited as to sc-izo a sheet of paper, and .throw it violently against his adversary, exclaim ing, " There, now, sir, consider yonfeelf struck. — " Very well," replied the other, with impertur bable composure, " I do, and you will please to consider yourself shot." A Smart Lad— A boy from the country was recently taken into a gentleman's family. One afternoon, just after dark, after having been, called up. to the drawing-room, he came down into the kitchen, laughing immoderately. — " What's the matter?" cries the cook.— "Why, dang it!" said he, " there are twelve oil 'em up there who couldn't light Die gas, and they had to ring for me to doit!" The pabrsh Clerk and the Railway Porteb. — At a parish church in Essex lately, the clerk, feeling unwell asked his friend, the railway porter, to take his plaoe for a Sunday. He did so, but, being worn out with night-work, fell asleep. When the hymn was announced a neighbour gave him a nudge,. upon which he started up, rubbed 4iis eyes, and called out " Change here for Elms well, Thurston, and Bury !" 