ENGLAND AND AMERICA. . . From the Spectator.'] The letter from the sober and thoughtful New York correspondent of the Daily News, printed last Tuesday, gives a complexion to the character of Mr. Summer's speech which renders it imperative on the friends of the North in England to make it quite clear in America what must be the inevitable result of any kind of demand based on Mr. Sumner's principle In discussing his speech last week we were anxious to do full justice to the American no less than to the English side of the question, and gave our own view of the equity of the controversy. But we did not then seriously contemplate even the possibility that America would take up practically the attitude which Mr. Sumner indicated as the only one she ought to take up, if the question were to be re-opened at all. We had then no real fear that it ever would be re-opened by America, if it could only be re- opened in such a tone as that. But the New York correspondent of the Daily News, who is about the soberest as well as the most instructed and intelligent Englishman in America. evidently entertains a different impression. He expressly states that in his opinion Mr. Summer's speech certainly conveys General Grant's view as to what ought to be done," which of course means a great deal more than as to the ideal attitude which ought to be assumed. " After sifting the whole matter as much as one can one may say that what will have to be done to effect a settlement is to offer an apology or some expression of regret for what has happened, as Canning did when the Leopard fired on the Chesapeake, and then boarded her and took away part of the crew .... It may not seem that the ' Alabama grief can be compared for a moment with the Chesapeake grief, but then you must remember that, Americans being now very much stronger than they were then, will not stand as much are, in short, much tougher." "Then, as to the amount of damages, it is evident that something is expected and will be insisted on over and above payment for the ships actually destroyed, something, in short, by way of compensation for the ships driven from the sea. Grant is reported to have said that he would consider the cost of carrying on the war for one year about the right amount for England to pay, and one hears the same thing in private conversations." Now, such statements as these coming from such a quarter are about the most serious facts that we have had to consider in England since the Trent affair. Let us, at all events, make it perfectly clear to the United States what is the maximum concession which the heartiest English friends of the North would over think for a moment of advising and what part of such demands as these would be resisted with the full,uu.\uiinous, and even indignant energy of the whole English nation. We, for our parts-and there is, we imagine, a considerable number of Englishmen who would go with us in this, though we can hardly venture to assert that Parliament would give a majority to such a proposal even if made by the Govern- ment should not feel the slightest hesitation in. expressing the most emphatic and frank regret for that miscarriage of our own law which led to the escape of the Alabama, and for any languor or failure of legal judgment which may have been Blioivn (if any such languor or failure of legal judgment can be established in not afterwards stopping her on the coast of Wales, or arresting her in our colonial ports. That was a miscarriage of law, and it was a miscarriage doubtless more or less due to an unfortunate bias of feeling, an unfortunate partiality, the part of the ruling classes of England, and it is on quite other grounds, grounds of general international policy (we say nothing about law, which is very doubtful), precedent of evil onion, the repetition of which we ought heartily to deprecate and prevent. And having admitted thus much, we should feel, of course, that we were bound to accept the logic of the situation, and pay for such part of the losses caused by this act of negligence (that is, as regards the individual depredations of the Alabama herself as could not be fairly ascribed to the negligence of the American navy in watching for the Alabama or even, to stretch a point, for all the losses earned by that ship, but not for those of any of her consorts. With regard to the Alabama her self, the circumstances are notorious that there is a strong case towards establishing negligence, on our part, is patent to the whole country. That is not so with regard to any of her consorts, but we should be quite willing to refer to equitable arbitration, whether in any or all of these cases the executive government had been guilty of clear negligence, and to pay for the losses caused by them if that should be decided against us. We by no means that the English Parliament would go so far as this. We are far from asserting as much as that. But we do say that there would be a very strong English party to oppose war, if peace or war depended only on our conceding as much as we have now spoken of, and that we should feel bound to protest against that terrible and immeasurable calamity with all our strength, if we could satisfy America by what seems to IIB, though a generous, still not an unreasonable concession. But this we will say, that there is not a party or the materials for a party barely, we should think, even a group of individuals, prepared to go beyond UHR. There is not the party or the ghost of a party that would as much as consider the question of apologizing for our recognition of the belligerent rights of the South. There is not in all probability in any society of Eng irishmen, however Northern in feeling, over a full liberty &,n<l there who would hear of such a proposition a? qnr paying as general damages i fly proportion, however small of the cost of the American war, on the ground that by recognising the South we gave substance and hope to the rebellion, or any other ground which ingenious Senators may hereafter devise, without indignation ; or who would not once advise war, with all its horrors, rather than submit to dictation so preposterous. We do not doubt we speak as we need hardly say, without any pri- safe communication with Mr. Bright-that Mr. Bright himself would resist such terms as Ifr. Sjumnor proposes and Mr. Grant is said to approve, with positive acorn tha oven he, a Quaker statesman, would rather keep silent than propose to avert war by any compromise BO disgraceful. We believe the people of the United States ought to know our true minds on this matter. We are sure that they can trust us at least for honesty, moderation, and a hearty sympathy with their great cause in the late civil war. And we tell them emphatically that no warrior entered upon by England would be more popular, more heartily waged, more tenaciously prolonged, than a war to resist what we should regard as a piece of pure dictatorial arrogance the part of the Union, adapted and intended either to humiliate England, or to acquire Canada, or for both purposes in one. If the United States wish for such a war, which we sincerely and heartily disbelieve, they have only to demand reparation on the general principles of Mr. Sumner's speech, and they would meet with a blank refusal, which they could not with dignity accept 5 and the end could hardly be anything but war, and a war, moreover, in which England would be united as one maintain which there would not be a «h'ssoutiont party, hardly a dissentient voice. The United States ought at least to know this. Foot RACES Two foot races will come off on Monday next, on the Mowbray Racecourse, be tween Mr. William Spearman and Mr. H. Cummins. The first race will be for £25 a-side, | the distance 100 yards, and Spearman will be allowed five yards start by his opponent. The second event will also be for £25 a-side, distance 150 yards, and Spearman will have a start of ten yards.- Launceston Examiner. WARRNAMBOOL MEAT COMPANY-A au i understand that upwards of six hundred shares in his above undertaking have been applied for. Hamilton Spectator . 