ADVENTURES OF A THEATRE PRO PRIETOR. £fBOM SPUING CBF.EK.LEAOEB-j We have to rc-l3te one of the most remarkaBie episodes in real life that has yet been revealed on this goidfield. About three months ago a. respecf ably-dressed, smart-looking gentleman makes bis i debai on Spring Creek, as the partner in 3 flourishing hotel and theatre business- He intro duces 311 accomplished vonn<: lady as his wife, find by his activity and gentlemanly habits makes himself conspicuous arnongft his convivial frieuc?, and becomes a general favorite both off and 03 the stage. His personal appearance, raven hair, nest well-trimmed jet moustache, polite manners, fashionable attire and good address, rendered bi:n a lion among his gender, the pride of the platform, and beloved of the barmaids. He goes to Mel bourne, engages a company, tells them of a mag nificent hotel, commodious theatre, crowded houses, liberal diet snd wages, and they fold up their muslins, pack up their slippers, wigs, and weapons, and finally bid adieu to the metropolis to pnrsue their career on a new Eldorado. Arrived 3t their destination, ideal visions of com fortable quarters, magnificent buildings and wealthy proprietors ate dispelled. Weather board walls, unplaned and unpainted ; audiences, demonstrative enough, breathing forth volumes of ssnoke, form part of the dreary prospect. The curtain fell on the act the first, and the deluded damsels, the too confiding father, and the gay professionals were undeceived. The prospect was anything but pleasing-money anything but plentiful. Certainly there was plenty to eat and drink and be merry with, for storekeepers were credulous, wine and spirit merchants eager for orders, and the firm ranked high in public estima tion. The theatre was nightly crowded. Our ?friend D. sang and acted on the platform, walked the stage with the majestic airs of an old pro fessional, while his partner J. brought forth melodies sweet, magical, and bewitching, with the touch of the bow in the orchestra beneato. How ever, there is an end to all things, and there was an end to D.'s days of felicity and conjugal bliss. Creditors became pressinc. benefits became plenti ful, so plentiful that at last they would no: take. Even the Hea'.hcote hospital withdrew its support and administered a sharp rebuke to the proprietors for using its name for their advantage: rapacious bumbaiiifis haunted the house night and (hy. The money taken at the doors disappeared, and the poor servants wanted to know you know where the proceeds went to. Rats forsake s sink ing ship, and the public began to forsake the "Varieties. There was an attempt made to resuscitate the fallen prodigy, but it proved fruitless. The once gaudy curtains grew dusty with disuse ; the scenery lost its gay effect, and toe brilliantly lighted baii revelled nightly in darkness; the paint fied from the forlorn coun tenances of the disappointed company : the wire; of the wonderful " appolonian antiphone'1 vibrated no more by the touch of the unpaid fingers, ana the ~ Marionettes'' concealed their antic; in a cordial manufactory. The lively and versatile " D." had many picnics, sad the best Sinclair's baas were gobbled up on the banks of the 1 Goaibam tritioat the slightest compunction, rs-gsrdless ot the tradesman's bill. At length the poor printer took the alarm, and beat a fruitless cbass, and! '. D." pleaded psverty, and be forgave bim. One morning the hotel is closed, and placards announcing the sale of the property by suction cover its walls. Jan about this time a sham attempt is made to prosecute the proprietors for illicit grog seliing, but !ne revenue inspector is defeated-the evidence is insufficient-and " D." escapes. The house is sold under a bill of sale, the broken-hearted creditors turn up the white of their eyes to heaven, and the pale-faced actor (like Hamlet's ghost) takes a last agonising look at the scene of bis misfortunes and " skedaddles." ! But " D." has s bolder part to play; he don't run sway-by no means: although his f3ir and angelic partner of his griefs and sorrows has turned the back of her crinoline on Spring Creek, and her face towards Melbourne, he lingers behind, takes up fiis lodgings in the centre of the township, and forms an acquaintance with his recent persecutor, the revenue inspector. At an' early hour one morning the driver of a gingerbeer conveyance belonging to one of his victims, himself on the point of collapsing, i« accosted by " D.," who, for the purpose of airing his dark moustache and clean paper collar, accompanies him on a tour amongst his numerous customers. Of course some of the unlicensed shanty keepers do not suspect the late proprietor of an unlicensed hotel: and "D." does a capital stroke in his new capacity of informer, securing in a very short time no less than nearly thirty defaulters. " D." is much more liberal than -usual; his thirst i3 insatiable, and his com panion readily believes bim the jolliest of dogs. Again the curtain drops on " D." ; bnt the in terval between the scenes is short, and when next it rises the stage is transferred from the Lyceum Theatre to the Heathcote, where justice sits in solemn dignity before a crowded audience, sur rounded by a portly array of lawyers, reporters, constables, and process servers. One after ano ther the unlicensed vendors of beer are brought to account, a few are fined, and some escape. But, alas! for the ends of justice, the first of the " D." batch are called upon, but the summonses are dis covered to be destitute of the stamp and seal, and the day of retribution, to the dismay of the revenue inspector and the quondam friend " D.," is neces sarily postponed. The curtain falls once more. A few days elapse and again it rises. This time the scene is in the bar of an hotel in the centre of the township. Detective O'Leary stands alongside of "D." administering to his wants and inviting him to take a walk. They leave in company, wending their way towards the police station, where they hade an affectionate farewell at the door of a pad locked building of unusual strength. In perfect amazement the simple amateurs caught the news and learned the particulars of " D's." wonderful trinsformations. Thespurious "D.,; was a genuine " C." But a few months before, his raven hair, so black and glossy, had been a light brown, his shaven chin had worn a bushy beard of good dimensions. His occupation was that of a drover. Entrusted with a flock of sheep to take to Beech worth, he is said to have sold 400 at Rutherglen and decamped .with the proceeds on the 8th of December last. The rest we have already related. Visiting Spring Creek immediately afterwards, he purchased a half interest in the only large place of amusement on the rush, it is supposed with the proceeds of the flock. Yesterday, he was the first to figure before the bench in a new court house, and was remanded to Rutherglsn. The pro prietors of the shanties who were about to be prosecuted held a general rejoicing, and sacrificed their remaining stock of spirits at the shrine of persecuted Bacchus. So terminates this exciting drama for the present, and the curtain in voluntarily falls on the carreer of an eminent actor. PUBLIC INDICATOBS.-Mr Benson has added to the scientific and interesting sights of the Citv of London by fitting up in the front of his premises in Ludgate Hill three most useful indicators-viz, a clock, perpetual calendar, and wind dial. The clock occupies one window, and is, no doubt, all that could be desired in such an instrument by that maker; but that which will probably attract most attention is the " perpetual calendar." This consists of three dials, and is a most ingenious piece of mechanism, showing at a glance the month, the day of the month, and day of week, and is so conducted that the long and short months, and even the extra day in February of leap year, are correctly indicated. The machine takes four years to make a complete revolution. Thus the calendar is perpetual. The days of the month and week are altered by clockwork exactly at midnight, when the levers shift the hands to their proper points, and on the first of every month the several hands of the three dials are moved at the same instant. For the information of those interested in the state of the weather, Mr Benson has placad in a third window a "wind dial," fitted with a sensitively adjusted pointer, which indicate? on the compass the direction of the wind, and shows with rapidity and accuracy the slightest variation.. The three dials are illuminated after dark. The public ore thus furnished by night, as well as by day, with a perpetual calendar, clock, sod wind did. 