Z, h ;, tfIi5£Inhl o01 5 xfraI'ad!;.' A mare' iest--A sitble. t A seedly felliiw-A gardenier. A cow t.ell---A beautiful umilk-maid. i-'lh'e itisat thing-in dress-esNiht-dressns. Wh \Vi is tlif key note to giiod breeding ? \-- B " atural. Surt'iitug after niarriage--Gettingg a di vorce:. ; ,,The 'skeleton in ,every wbman's closet-Iler hoop-skirt. .;i.. ',.Why is;:the:'letter D like a sailor ?'-Be 'isn'it follows tlie (sea).. . ' What kind 'of a chlaracter is the easiest to keep,:when once you have got it ?-A bad c-i'haracter. .. hen is 'i propos al of mairriige' like "bill o,,of exchange. ?-When it has .n acceptance. If yqu want toube suited, go to.a tailor : if you want to be non-suited,'go to law. A ninem'eiber oif the Peace Society is said to have objected to live on the earth-becagse it's a'reydylver. . What is that which every man can divide, a'indno:oone cio tell where ithah.be?i divided ? -Water. ,- -" .;-y Why is it probable that Muses wore a wig,? ,i Because he was sometimes seen itith Aaron (hair on), and sometimes without: A; ::.i ffin,'said an Iirishliitan, ' is the house 'aiaini lives iii when he is deid.': " .A lock ,of hair from ,a young woman's head is, iften the key to a' young man's heiart. A: °oung i?man advertisiig for i billet, states that '.Work is not so much an object as good wages. . \---A southern editor congratulates himself -thbait'lialf the lies told aboot hiin iin't true.' Why is a nian wiiho keeps his eyes shut like ??n illiterate schoolmaster --Because he keeps Ihis pupils'.in darkness. ' A little learning is a' dangerous thing,' as 'the savage. said when he learned to drink spirits. Many parents spoil their children by dress ing them up when a dressing down would do them the most good. . What is the difference between :a. civilised diner and a person who subsists at'the North :Pole 1--One has his bill of fare, and the other hias his fill of bear ? A minister in Minnesota has been presented with ait watch-grd. composed of hair, every lady ililhis congregationi havitig plicked ouit one hair-as a 'contribution.' A Frenchman, , ?vishing' to speak of the cream, of the English poets forigot" the wor, in his enthusiasm, and said, 'Thtb'aitter of poets.' An Englislhman remarked that he had fiirly churned up the' English language. A story is aoinri therounds' of a' party~ of ladies who were caught in a shower having a portitoi of the colour washed from their cheeks. A lady at our elbow thlitks the colour of sonme gentlemnen's noses would not be washed out withioa. watel-spol .. . .t . i !j :It. is not, an uncommonu comnplaint igainst a newspaper that'it,hiast'i life' etoiugh. ' Bu~ a brother "editor reports this odd lbljectioi made to his piaper' by owssii lovi?-lold lady : ' I like.ytirdr.p:per very much; (1,, ave.only.one objo'tionto ,it-it haslt: deaths enough. REVIVALs. -Iri siouth Li?ndton it wasan-o neuueied rctiletly'th'it c cdiitcirted tifal? icti tioner, described ri' Ned Wrighlt,.itheburglar,' would pireach at-Wa ndsvortlr Assemhly room, and break open tre doors of hiell .idlL a gospel jetmimLy.:r: .'.ThTee's otirJeremiai' sai' Mr Sheltdo;' le went off.to, make; his living .:by his wits'' W ell, did be succeed l' inquired his friend. ' No,' said the old man, with a sigh,,and,sig ,iififcintlE .tit?iiing hie ~head-;- 'he failed for want of ciTpital.', . .' A working rminer, nearly eighty years old, has discovered, on the Great,Orme's Head, in Wales,'a'iew vein of .copper, four, and a half . feet thick," itl?i'other veiins'belowdit, which will'realise hiimu a fortrine? aiid do iminense god to the town. .;, ,z A Cunious BIL-- The following is a. copy of a ill foiind among the ruins of Wentworth Abbey (Earl Fitzwilliani).-'' November 1, 1605\. 1 ev ~J. Mllstguire, to.!J. Jon?es, joiner for repairs to Iltotian: Catholic.ichapel.,, :For solidly repairing St. Joseph 4d i cleatinug and I ornuiienting, the .HolyL"Ghost, ' Gd; 'fir fd: pairing tihe M. I.; behind arid. befitie,: and makli;g V ier i(inew child, s Gd for making a new nose to the devil, putting a horn on his head;-aind glueing a piece'to his' til,: 6' Gd'; total, 12s 10d. " Settled, J. Jones .' , A PROFITABLE SunsctanoR--We knew?l a follow who, up on learning, that a,,friend .of hil.haid gonelinto the publishing busitiess, at onee subscribed for the paper. lThe Ipublisher was ratheridelid;cie aboht iseiding the-bill; but, after some.ten,years hasd elapsed, made old to dun his ' constaLLt reader,' when the latter at once grew indignant, refused to pay, nd'ordered,thed ialper to be stopeid, allertig? that he' hhd :takuen ."the pdtper fuoi 'so-nmaiy years just?atookelp' it!' along;andi oldwito be asked to pay for itrwastoooldarned mean.' Americast paper, 