THE CAPE GOLD-FIEfiDS. The following letter appeared in a late Mount Alexander MaU from a miner who leftCastle maine for tbje new El Dorado -. — I : - - - :' . 'Natali December 16, 1868. . 'I arrived here on the 12th inst. I told you in my last that Mauritius was dreadfully un healtmy. Three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately escaped. We were detained a few days in consequence, but it matbers but little, I am sorry to ,say, for to our great disgust we found ' that ' nearly all the reports we had heard regarding the gold fields were d — ^lies The. so-called diggings have been worked by 14 men for twelve-months, during .which time they have only knocked : out some 3 ©z. of gold^-distanoe cer ainly lends enchantment to the vie t — ' few here' appear to know anything (about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the caase of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz from which he said he could get €0 oz. 'to the ton, which lam sure would 'not go a pennyweight. I think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, -and after pbnnding and washing a dishful of the -most likely looking stone, we failed to discover the ghost of a speck, nor could we find a single color on any of the lot he hid. If ever a fellow deserved lynching hecertainlydoes, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia; at any rate nothing like has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who' told me that an English prospecting party foimed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was, ex pected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have 'decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distance up country. Q^6 a Bourke and Wills affair. No provisions the last 400 miles. No chance of Bwagging it here. It will cost £40 per man for the purchase of waggon, bullocks,- provi sions,. 2tc,, consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with ihem. In for a penny in fora pound; we are come so far and are bent on seeing a little of the country, but whatever you do stay where you are till : you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get any one to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. Ihear there are some old Otago diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again I say stay where you are. You re member Mount Hope rush or Mount Hoax, as it was called. There is a good deal of ditto about this affair, something not quite the pure merino. By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but it wouldn't wash. The Kaffirs worisfor next .to nothing, 12s, per, month, and two- feeds of. _ sweet potatoes Jaj day_i and as . for living .being so very cheap, you ©an live as , cheaply in Victoria as here. ?Froitiy Wbout the'only ?cheap-thing I have seen as yet— 3d. for thirty peaches and the same amount for t£n melons. = .' ?? . I will write' as soon as ever I get a chance of doing so. I wish I was back in Guilf brd again ; catch me coming on a wild goose chase again, that's all. — ^Yours, &c;, HARRY WAY. 