ST. AUGUSTINE'S CHURCH. UNLET. On Saturday afternoon the ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the Church of St. Augustine, at Unley. took place. The afternoon was any thing but favourable for the occasion, as a few heavy showers fell prior to the commencement and during a portion of the proceedings. The fact, however, that Lady Edith Fergusson had consented to lay the stone, attracted a large number of spectators to the ground, and around the site an enclosure decorated with bunting was formed for the convenience of those taking an active part in the affair and the accommodation of the ladies. It may be well to state that the idea of erecting a church at Unley was originally entertained in October, 1862, when some steps were taken, snch as fencing the land and preparing plans. JFor lack of support, owing to many opposing causes, this movement fell through, and operations were for a time suspended. Towards the close of last year the subject was once more brought forward. The Hon. Thomas .English was appointed architect, and a design prepared by Mr. Thomas was finally agreed upon. It is intended for the present to build the nave only, at a cost of about £430. Of this sum £200 are now in hand, and four gentle men of the Committee have advanced as a loan the sum of £200. This loan it is proposed to re pay by the weekly oflertories and pew-rents of the church when opened for Divine Service, which, it is contemplated, will be in January next Meanwhile, for a period of not less than two years, the Rev. Henry Bead, M.A., Incumbent of Mitcham, and the Eev W. H. Mudie, of Glen Osmond, have, with the sanction of the Lord Bishop, jointly undertaken to perform Service inthe church at least once each Sundav, without stipend, in order that the income of the church may be entirely devoted to the repayment of the debt incurred. The building will be in the early English Gothic style, consisting of nave, chancel, and transept; but as stated above only the nave will bs at present erected, with seats for about 140 persons. The entrance will be from a neat porch on the south side. The gable end facing the Unley road will be finished with a bell tower and turret, reaching to a height of £4 feet, and supported by a centre buttress, with Gothic windows on either side, which gives a somewhat novel and pleasing appearance to the design. The size of the interior of the nave will be 44 feet in length by 20 feet in breadth, with an open boarded ceiling. The chancel end will be ornamented internally with a handsome archway ro constructed as to facilitate future extension. Sufficient light will be admitted through double and triple light windows, one on either side of the entrance porch and on the opposite wall. The building is to be executed in Glen Osmond stone, with cemcnt and freestone dressings, and roof of corrugated iron. The estimated cost will be £800, and the contract has been taken by Mr. David Deans, of Mitcham. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergusson, accompanied by Mr. Morris, arrived about half-past 3 o'clock, and were received by the Lord Bishop, the following clergymen also being in atteudance:-Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Farr, Kevs. JD. J. II. Ibbetson, J. Pollitt, H M. Pollitt, n. Keid, H. Howitf, T. Field, W. H. Mudie, A. Ilonner, and Scctt. The clergy assembled at the residence of Mr. C. Day, from whence they walked in procession to the site. The service was commenced by singing the 164th Hymn. Prayers were then offered by the Bishop, and the Eev. YV. H. Mudie read the lesson from Genesis xxviii. Mr. N. Oldham nest read the subjoined docu ment, a copy of which had been engrossed upon parchment, and was, with a copy of the Register and Advertiser of that morning, and the coins of the realm, hermetically sealed in a bottle to be placed under the cavity of the stone "In the name of the Father, Son, and EJoly Ghost, the corner-stone of the Church of Saint Augustine, Unley, South Australia, was laid in the year of our Lord 1SC5>, on the 14th of August, by Lady Edith Fergusson. in the 32nd year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the first of the Governorship of His Excellency the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson, Bart., and the 23.-d year of the Episco pate of Augustus Shoit, first Lord BiBhop of Adelaide. It is proposed to erect the building in the early English Gothic stjle, at a cost of about £800, according to the design of 1£. G. Thomas Esq., F.R.I.B.A.; the architect being the Hon. Thomas English, M.L.O.; the contractor David Daans, of Mitcham. The Trustees are-Messrs. N. Oldham, O. K. Richardson, N. Biyth, R. B. Frankis, and G. Styles. The Building Committee consist of-The Rev. Henry liead, M.A., the Rev. W. H. Mudie, Messrs. G. Styles, R. G. Thomas. C. H. Gooch, A. Stewart, Edwin Martin, H. Pope, E. H. Ldmunds, J. K. Hawthorn, EL A. Woods, and Charlts Day, Hon. Secretary." Lady Edith Fergusson here proceeded to lay the stone, and was presented with a handsome silver trowe;, manufactured by Mr. Steiner. The handle was of ivory, connected with t he blade by a rich vine leaf ornamentation in frosted silver. It bore the followinginscription"Presented by the Ladies of the district to Lady Edith Fergusson on the occasion of her laying the corner-stone of St. Augustine's Church, Unley, August 14,1869." The Hon. T. English, in handing it to Lady Edith, said-I have been requested by the ladies of tbe district to present your Ladyship with this trowel to lay the foundation-stone of this church, and have to request that you will be pleased to accept it as a token of their love and esteem, and that you will retain it as a memento of this interesting occasion. The BISHOP said-In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone, in the name of the Father, of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost. The usual ceremonies having been observed, the stone was declared to bs well and truly laid. . After another hymn had been sung, the Bishop pronounced the benediction, and then called for three cheers for Lady Edith and His Excellency, which were heartily responded to. His Lordship also, in a few remarks, cut short by a smart shower, tendered the hearty thanks of the Committee to the Governor and Lady Edith for their presence on the occasion, and the assembly then dispersed. A collection made realized £20. The musical arrangements were efficiently carried out by the choir of St. Paul's under the leadership of Mr. Watson, and the choir were afterwards entertained by Mr. Styles. 