1 . ' ?SYDNEY SUMMARY. 1 ronha & (I Sf. flesert) Ma. Jn~rrEi onD, ,inber for the gold-fields south, who leaves the colony to.day for Melbourne, en route for Europe, was entertained on Friday evening at a dinner in the saloon of the parliamentary bnildings. About twenty memberi of the legislature were pre. sent. * It is well known that Mr. Rodd Is,the defendint In a civil action instituted against him by Mr. Thomas Hlassall, arising ouat of the celebrated liraidwood inquiry. We are informed that full notice has been given of his Intention to leave the colony, and that e has provided amplesurety for defence of the action. The dinner was given to him as a mark of respect. *Mr. William Rayner, for many years a reporter on the staff of the Herald, died, after a short but severe illness, at his rosldence, Riley.street, Burry lills, on the night of the 7th instant. Greatly respected by the literary staff, as well as by those engaged in other departments of this paper, he en joyed the confidence of the proprietors, and has gone to the grave amidst niversal regret. He was only thirty.four years of age. The.Countess of Delmore is, we are happy to state, recoverihg from her accouchement, which took place at Throiby Park on the 9th Instant.; His Excellency came down by an express train to receive the Prince on-Thursdy .morning last; but is to return to Throsby Park in a day or two. A man, named Alien George Ansell, was recently lost in the bush between New England and the Clarence River for twenty.eight days, during which be subsisted on wattle-gum, sarsaparilla leaves, and lizards, &o.; le was ultimately picked up on the sea coast, seven miles from Mr. Devlin's station In a very exhausted state by Mr. Hazard, who attended to his wants and forwarded him to South Grafton, where he received every attention. Owing to the late rains, the poor man was never a day without water, to which cause it is believed the preservation of life was mainly doe. (Frmin A< mpire.) rAs soon as the Legislative Assembly met on Friday, a message of the Governor .was read by the Speaker, in answer. to the address of the Assembly, dated 26th February, which conveyed to his Excellency the opinion of the House that the Newspaper Postage Act "should be repealed forth* with." The Governor's. message, on the ground that It could not be the Intention of the Assembly that a bill for the repeal of the act should be intro duced this session, stated that on the next meeting of Parliament, the.government would take such steps as might be necessary to carry out the object of the address. Afterwards, when Mr. Samuel had moved for committee of supply, Mr. Parkes rose and stated that" the above message of the Governor appeared to him and several other members to be of such an extraordinary character, such an Inroad on parliamentary usage, that they felt it to be their duty to have the subject brought into consideration at the next sitting of the House, Sils Royal lghness accompanied by his equerries, drove out on Friday, four-in-hand. , The Duke pro ceeded along his favourite drlve, down South Head Road towards Rose Day." The party at dinner elat evening at Government House consisted of his Royal IIghness, his Excellency the Governor, Lord Charles Deresford, N., Lieutenant Adolphus Fit_. george, R.N, the Eight Reverend Dr. Darker, metropolitan; the chief.justice Sir W. Manning, Q.O. Sir James Martin, Q.O.; the Ion. E. Deas Thomson, O.B.; Mr. IR. H, J. Prty; Capt. Rasault, II.I..S. Guichen| Captain Deresford, Mr. Toulmin, and Mr. Parkes, M.L.A. : |We are Informed that H.M.S. Galatea, after leav* ing thi port, will proceed to Wellington and Auck* land, and his RoyalHIghnes purposes also to visit Lyttelton, Christchurch, andII okitika. Arrange. ments have been made by the general government of New Zealand for an Inspection by their royal visitor of the country in the vicinity of the Walkato, Tauranga, and the lakes. It is probable that the Galatea will call at Norfolk Ilandi but it is not certain whether the Prince will visit Tahiti, where It II said the inhabitants are ;looking forward with anxiety for his arrival It Is Intended to visit Japan, and the vessel will probably touch also atPetropaulev iki and the Russian settlements on the Amoor River, reaching China about the month of September, and Calcutta in November next. · It II itated that the Duke will remain In India during the cool season, taking his departure thence In February or Maroh, 1870.. Ceylon and Mauritius will be visited on the homeward voyage, and the Galatea will pay another visit to the Cape of Good Hope, probably reaching home in August, 1870. . 'His Royal Highness left the Galatea; on Monday, at about midday, and having partaken of luncheon at Government House, drove out four-in.hand, ac companied by his ecluerries, to enjoy the sport of piceon.shooting at the reidence of M:r, MEdward llU, Rose Day. After a long afternoon's sport the Duke returned at 7 p.m.; The Governor having also just returned from Throeby Park, his Royal High. new Joined his Excellency at dinner. There was also present Sir T.,A. Murray, the Hons. Messrs. Forster, Josephson, Egan, and Arnold, M.L.A.'s, and several of the offlcers of the Qalatea., Subse. quently. the Duke honoured the Victoria Theatre with his presence, to witness the play of the Lady of Lyons, as givRn byMr. Walter Montgomery, Mill Cleveland, Miss Rosa Cooper, Mr. Charles Young, and the other eminent artistes at present performlng there.' ' . '; , ' ", tb lhe 'Supreme Court on Friday, the case 'of the Queen v. Summerell came on for argument. .Mr. Manning, Instructed by the crown lolicitor, for the prosecution; and Mr. Davis, Instruoted by Mr. Cape, for the prisoner. The prisoner had been con vited at the Braldwood quarter-eissions for stealing a horse. 'A question had been reserved, however, for the decision of the court, as to whether a certain statement in admission of his guilt to a person not In authority ought to have been taken in evidence against him. The court upheld the conviction: SA Batavlan paper of November 29 states that'an attempt was made by the " Count Von Attems" whose real name is Kurt Sohmali, to escape from the gaol at Sourabaya. lie was disguised in the clothing of his servant, and had got as far as the outer gate of the prison, when a Javanese watchman laid hold of him, and with the assistance of the military guard brought him back tohis place of conflnement. It Is also stated In another paper that the Hamlet's Ghost was sold at public auction on December 4,' for 2500 guilders, which li about £208. "' -' ' .In answer to the question whether the government Intended to bring in this session a bill to define the rights of free-selectors,' Mr. Forster said on Friday, that as recent decisions in the courts'oflaw had removed the pressing necessity for Immediate legis lation on the subject, no bill would be introduced this session. The free-selector's grazing right has been established by the Supreme Pourt., ' ' . 'i * 'As' the last steam-boat was crossing to North Shore,' about midnight on Saturday, the offoor in charge heard a plash, as if somebody had fallen overboard and ordered the englneer to stop s the vessel. 'There were two little girls named Robert son in the cabin, who asserted that a man had fallen overboard, and the vessel wea turned backI but nothing could be seen, A man wearing a white coat had been seen standingoon' the wharf.;Jut before the ferry-boat left but neither Messrs. W. Dlnd, Cubltt, or other passengeri saw him on board. A suspicion, which was a very natural one but was not sustained by Inquiry, arose In the first Instance, that the splash might have been oocasioned by the .fal of a bundle or something of the kind belonging to a female passenger who was In a state of Intoxi cation on board I but the statements of the girls as to the man falling In the water are so positire that It is deslrahle the mystery should be cleared up It possia ile,: The polleeoo hav made every Inquiry at North' Shore, but have not ascortalnod .that any resident of that locality II malaing.i The. girls howeveri have been. suljote 'to to a close examoination, and porist that they saw the man throw his arms upwards and ump or fall Into the wrater. From the immedlate airace of the man,lt i onjecturod that he s --ed some heary wesght upon ble pIraon. An atrocious outrage was committed on Saturday, by a man named John Moore. ie lIa seamsan be. longing to the ship Oape Iorn, and had been drink. ing with some shipmates,.when a quarrel .arose between him end a oomrade named IIIckey in con. equence of the latter calling Moore a son of a - Moore declared that he would not permit any man to call him such a name1 and at once struck Ilickey, who'after some atruggling fell to the ground with Mloore, when.the latter caught his lower lip between his teeth, and bit it completely off. Moore was subsequently brought up at the mater police conrt, and the lip, to which a portion of hair worn by the InJured man dhered; was exhibited to the bench. So savagely was the attack made, that Moore has entirely deprived the poor fellow of bis lp, as to expose the lower teeth and gums. :The bench re* manded the case until Baturday next, In order to procure the Injured man's evidenc. ,The electoral rolls for 1869.70 are now exposed to view at the accustomed places within each electorate, and will remain open for inspection up to the 28th instant Every person omitted from any of thbe lists may, or any other elector of the district may for him, on or before that date, give'or transmit by poet notice In writinog thereof to the O.P.B. And every person named in any list objecting to any other per. son as not entitled to have his name retained therein l shall, on or before thel said 28th Instant, give or transmit by post to the O.P.B., and to the person objected to; at his address as Inserted in the said list, a notice thereof in writing, according to the form of a the schedule to the act, marked E. It is advisable s for persons requiring alterations or additions to the-- said lists to be In attendance at the court on'the revislon day;. Mr. Joseph B. Iedman, brotherto Mr. W. RIed. man,. of this city, solicitor, who had. been many years a clerk in the district court offices, expiredf.; very sddenly on Bnday last, at his residence Paddgton. e had enjoyed his usual healthl and? spirits up to the morning of his death, during which'l he complained at times of pains in his eider When, engaged in some household matter, he suddenly fell down upon, the floor Insensibli, and? to. the great alarm of his family. Iestoratives were applied, but unavailingly, and life must have departed ralmost simultaneously with his fall. . 