DINING. ATX ROUND THE IIOUKT. There are still a fen claims in work round and about the highest ranges, but it cannot be said that much cold is being obtained just yet Most of the parties working are in the best of spirits, and have reasonable expectations of dropping across some stuff to yield sumcieut of the "sovarfien balm™ .to repay the plodding along up-hill, and patiently driving on such "plaguy" hard tacfc that is every where .met with in mining ou old Riant Tanangower. The party who was reported to haVe taken up a part of One (1) Tree Beef, managed to get up sbme tiitie in tiro days, had a look about, and then. '•DOsavee" such hard work, retired to Some more easy nook. On Bill's Beef, the four claims shears to haVe bein -amalgamated into two parties, on the principle that " Union is Strength" it is supposed, thereby concentrating '«large amount of labor into the Smallest compass. One large claim will give the parties more chances of a retoru than ever so-many smaller ones. All hands are pushing on with their work, but have only a small amonnt of crusbiugst'jffin hand as yet Just below the nest of shafts at the lop of Braithwaite's Gully,. jjge dud Co have a claim, and are now sinking another shaft At this sjpot the lode runs very feh&How;, and some good patches were_ heard o in days gone by. Away down Braithwaite's Kerf not a sound of a pick is to be heard, until the Mountaineer Go's is reafcbed. This good ground has been taken up by Hocking and Co, nfid several bands are engaged tubing over tbe surface stuff about the shafts, the said stuff holding sotae good specimen stontes Sot deemed of sufficient worth for crushing purposes iu the days when the heaps of golden tore were first unearthed in tills locality; After tbe Eurface stuff is- done with, they will try and prospect some better stone from out of the whim shaft That pioneer prospector of the Mount—Joe Braithwaite—has at length spotted a restiug place on a spur above Gardner's reef, and looking over some debris of former days met with a prospect that was worth a crushing trial. A few tons sent down to the Phoenix works realised a balance after paying all expenses. So far so good. Phillips and Co. are on Lisle's 6pur bent on trying what sort of metal is to be found among the heaps so plentifully scattered about this spot On Cookman's Ileef, a rope and windlass is to be Been, bat whether the claim on which it is fixed is at Vork the deponent knoweth not, as not a ghost of a man was to be seen when visited. The North British works were thundering on as usual, none the worse in the interior for tbe tremendous " blowing up " they got on Monday Evening. March and Roberts are marching down with their shaft, on Robinson and Os- wald's lease, managing about four feet sinking per week through hard rock. This claim, being co very favorably situated for catching the run frnrn the independent, something that will be worth seeing is likely to be found down below the solid door. The claims about this range are all in active work, and what is being done, nud the " balm " obtained, is it not duly made public in Wednesday's issue. Over a flight or two of ranges, is the famous Manton'e Gully: A little life ie here, and much more would be ; the case if the steam was up on tbe Grand -Junction works. Perched op on a break-neck; spur, above the level of the high stack, is a claim belonging tothe indomitable and vigorous 'Cumbrians. The money this plucky little company has expended the past four or five years In prospecting this claim is worthy & reward of a two hundred pound nugget, without further delay. The claim is now being worked by Sees and party, Bees being the bolder of a fourth of the claim. The men are busy at work, and it is much to be desired that a good report of their labor, with some solid proof of a rich reefj will be heard tell of before long. The tunnel works are noticed elsewhere. This finished a rough but pleasant morning's stroll over the grand old Mount. " WELLINGTON ASSOCIATION.—The Duke'S party Sent down 16 tons of burnt and 37 tons of raw fctofie to Tomlinson's, the yield being below the •average. AniiyCE Co (Nuggetty Reef).—The tributers {Tollitt and Co) get out payable stone from the upper ground, the last lot crushed—IS Ions—going within a touch of 6oz. SCOTT AND ROBERTSON'S (Eaglehawk).—A kiln of stone is now going through the mills tor the above. SPECULATION Co (Nuggetty Reef).—Harvey and Co will be filling a kiln at Tomlinson's the iiext few days. COHBEELAND REEF (Nuggetty Ranges).— There are now five claims in work on the Cricketers' Spur, a claim having recently been taken up in the hollow below Dow's shaft Three of the parties are obtaining very good prospects, and the others are buoyed up with hopes that they will succeed in dropping across payable stuff Howard's party bad a small crushing of 12 tons for an average of 8dwts per ton. This yield pays very well at the present 'depth, and as they work down much better returns may be anticipated. Thomas's party Iiave a fine lot now crushing at Tomlinson's. Dow and Co are likely to have a few tons ready for the crusher during the day. SMITH'S CLAIM (Eaglehatrk).—Garbis and Co have a lot of Btone down at Tomlinson's ready for crushing. TOMLINSON'S MILLS (North Maldon).—There has been a good supply of better quality stone passed through the mills and over the blankets than for some weeks previous. The following croBhiogs have been going on since last visit:— Howard and Co, 12 tons; Frazer and Co, 27 tons; McKuight and Co, 14 tons; the Duke's men, 53 tons; Tollitt and Co, 12 tons; DanielB snd Co, 6 tons; Cowan and Co, 7 tons; Wilkie and Co, 30 tons; also a lot of poor stone sent iu by tbe Sailor's Reef trlbutera. The era shines for next week's report Will include—Wilkie'fl, Prater's, Thomas's, Scott and Robertson's, the a Spec, the Duke's, Scott and Walton'sj Carbis's, • etc, sufficient to keep "John andMsmenwell (employed. ' WILKIE, JOGS, ADD CO'B CLAIM (Eaglehawk.) —This little claim continues toyieldnioBt ovorable prospects. During the week a washon from 30 tonE of .stone, at Tomlinson's yielded 38OES retorted «old. Another kiln will be ready for firing this day. Cowan and Co.; uie tributers in the upper claim, crushed a small tot of 7 tons for 6ozs 183 wta of retorted gold. This is the claim recently tributed by Palmer and Co. FEABES, LBVIS, AND CO. (Eaglehawk^^-AN average of one otuice to the ton is..pretty regularly realised, decidedly rather ova; than under. 2? tons went through tbe manipulator^ for S7ozs ledwts. Anotherfain of stone will be ready the forthcoming week. ' " • - ' CALEDONIAN WOBKS (Oswald's.)—The usaal stuoont of crushings lias been got through the past week, the yields, on the tfhole1)*rdy teaching the average. The crushings include stone from the Southern Beehive,Tbe Calling,; Uwon,SwiperVWilBon8 ReeJjetCLVjjtnland,; the Southern Beehire, Esperance, and slot from Nuggetty. ,, M DABHNO CO. {Victoria Beef)—This wsf villi Undoubtedly be Jieird -of. again jn a.more favorable . light,^th»n ^t 4oes at the present' moment i33he 4rial jot -from tiie^bor^riiis been put througbj andproveebeyondilonbt that tlie immensewet 43 tfeet wide, ^contains the true Yictoii* metal Atothm ptonyiraight to the ton would li&Ve; arada *bb .teal lot Payable. The:great .extent <jf JBe^i ($ves'««eaBonable$feU toxoid Xhe Btone that-can be-broken , wut will .makefile «laim«turn-good,dividends. - ?-n La" JJSL ^ * J *' ^^ * flrese iUU.' 