THE PROVINCIAL COUNCIL IN ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. Eight mitred heads and about seventy clergymen of lesser rank m the Holy Ro- mau Catholic Church, assembling in Mel bourne, betokened some extraordinary ceremony connected with the faith. This ceremony is the second Provincial Conncil (the first was held at, Sydney) of Austra lia, which was opened yesterday by His Grace, the most Reverend and Venerable Bede Polding, Primate of Australia, and assistant at the pontifical throne of Pins IX, at Rome. Provincial Councils are assemblages of prelates and clergymen of a province who have a right to sit in council summoned by the archbishop of the diocese, to settle certain grave sub jects connected with the welfare of the Church. In tho present instance, the reverend fathers in God are convoked to gether to discuss the question of mixed marriages, education, Church discipline, and other matters previous to the grand (Ecumenical Council, to be held at Rome at the end of the year, when it is ex pected 600 bishops will assemble under the mighty dome of St. Peter's, Pio Nino presiding, perhaps over one of the largest assemblages of scholars, profonnd think ers, and Christian dignitaries that the world lias seen for some centuries past. The magnificent peal of bells of St. Pa trick's Cathedral rang out a delicious volnme of joyous melody, shortly before ten o'clock. Hundreds might be seen wending tlioir way to the church, and in a short time, one of the largest congre gations we have seen in its walls assem bled in anticipation of the approaching ceremony. There were a largo number of the general public present besides the members of the Catholic Church, and several expressions of surprise were mani fested at the magnificent appearance of this really beantitul specimen of ecclesi astical architecture. Soon afterwards a hum through the congregation announced that the procession had started from the palace of the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Ro man Catholic Bishop of Melbourne ; the band and choir commencod a burst of sacred mnsic which echoed from aisle to aisle, a salute was fired from the tower, and the prelates and priests chanting the litany of the Blessed Virgin, came in in the following order, clothed in full robes and vestments. The thurifer, with thu rible, cross-bearer with the acolytes, sanctuary attendants, the clergy of the various dioceses, the suffragan bishop followed by his Grace the Archbishop. Having arrived at the high altar, and made the usual genuflection, they bowed to one another and retiring to their re spective places, remained standing until tiie arrival of the metropolitan, who ge nuflected at the foot of the altar, and began the mass of the Holy Ghost, the clioir and band performing Haydn's Im perial mass. At the elevation of the Sacred Host and the elevation of the cha lice, the large bell gave six strokes. The synodical procession then proceeded, tho Archbishop vested in cope, placed incense in tho thurible, and the train as stated above, came down tho centre of the church, issued from tlio front door of the cathedral, and turning round tho church, re-entered by the same door. During this ceremony the psalm "Ave Maris Slella"' was sung — " Gentle star of ocean, Portal of the sky, Ever Virgin Mother Of the Lord Most High." The psalms " Exultate Deo," " Fnnda- menta ejus," " Qnam dilecta," and " Eccequam bonum," were also intoned, The procession then returned to the altar, all genuflected, bowed to each other, returned to their respective places, and remained until the arrival of the venerable prelate. The Archbishop, having genuflected, the deacon turned towards the fathers of the synod, and sang Orate (I beseech you to pray). The Archbishop, kneeling, intoned the anthem, j " Exaudi nos, Domine," at the end of which all the prelates and priests took their seats and sang the psalm, " Exurgat Dens." At tho end of the psalm all stood up, the anthem was repented, and the Archbishop sang the following prayers : — " Adsumus, Domino Sancte Spiritus," " Omnipotens." At the con clusion of the prayers all knelt, and two cantors began the Litany of the Saints, and continued as far as " Ut omnibus fidelibus," when the Archbishop with his ministers rose, and turning towards tho synod, blessed the session, saying " Ut hare picscntum synoduin," etc., after which he knelt until the Litany was finished. At the end all rose, while the Archbishop sang "Oremus," "Da Qnod- suinus Domine," etc. Tho following prayer was then said : — " Grant to Thy Chnrcli, we beseech Thee, O most mer ciful God, that being gathered together in the holy spirit, she may worthily servo Thee with untroubled and devoted mind, through the Saviour, Jesus Christ, Thy Son, our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Thee in the unity of the same holy spirit, world without end." A selection from the 9th chapter of the Gospel of St Luke was then sung by the deacon. The Archbishop intoned the hymn " Veni Creator Spiritus." " Come, O Creator, spirit blest, And in our souls take up Thy rest ; Come with Thy grace and heavenly aid, To fill the hearts which Thou hast made." At the end of this versa the clergy rose with the archbishop, and remained stand ing to the end. The archbishop then delivered a short sermon in Latin. The archdeacon then read the decrees to be observed during the silting of the synod. This being done, the bishops and all tho officials connected with the canonical part of the synod recited the profes-sion of faith of Pius IV. Tho indication of the second session was then made, and the archbishop gave the solemn blessing, all the congregation bowing low as the venerable prelate left the cathedral with a salute fired from the tower. The Right Rev. Dr Mnrpliy Catholic Bishop of Ho bar t Town ; the E'ght Rev. Dr Goold, Catholic Bishop of Melbourne ; the Right Rev. Dr Quinu, Catholic Bishop of Brisbane ; tho Right Rev. Dr Matthew Qninn, Catholic Bishop of Balhurst : the Right Rev. Dr Murray, Catholic Bishop of Mnitland ; the Right Rev. Dr 8h5el, Catholic Bishop of Ad< laide ; the Right Rev. Dr Lannigan. Catholic Bishop of tionlbnrn ; and Dr Lynoh, Administrator of Armi- dale ; Dr Rliee, (Perth, Yvestern Aus tralia, was the only diocese unrepresented ; Dr Fitzpatrick, Vicar- General of Mel- ' bourne ; Dr Smith, Vicar- General of j Adelaide; Dr Donne, Vicar-General of Hobart Town. The doctors of divinity, the archdeacons, the vicar-generals of the different dioceses, the bishops and iheir chaplains, the deacons, sub-deacons, Dean Moore of Ballarat, Archdeacon Rigney, the very Rev. Dr Bleasdale, the Rev. Father Barry, St: Francis, dean of the mass ; Fathers Colletti and O'Sulli- van, masters of ceremonies, were amongst the dignitaries in the train of the venerable prelates. Pontifical vespers took place last evening, at which there was an immense congregation present. The Secretary of the Synod is Dr Ber- cante. The second session will com mence on Thursday next, and the synod will close with a similar grand ceremony on Sunday next. The music selected for the celebration of the mass was Haydn's 3rd, or " Impe rial," performed by a band and chorus, under the direction of Mr G. R. G. Prin- gle, the organist of St. Francis' Church, with Mrs Fox, Mrs Schaw, Mr Coles and Mr Furlong as solo singers. From a musical point of view, it was not so suc cessful as it might have been ; not that any fault is to be found with the con ductor, for it was uncertain, we are informed,' whether a band would be em ployed or not and it was with difficulty he could get together so many instru mental musicians of talent at so short a notice. Nevertheless, the absence of the oboe was sadly felt throughout, more es pecially, perhaps, in the Et Incarnalus and Et nnum sanclam Catholicam We venture to express an opinion that on all occasions like the present one, care should be taken to make the instrumentation as perfect as possible by employing the in struments for which the mass is written. With this exception, we may record that the solos and choruses were well sustained. An opportunity was offorded Mrs Fox to sing " Inflammatus et Ascensus," from the " Stabnt Mater" of Rossini, during the offertoire, and acquitted herself ad mirably. The band also performed " The War March of the Priests," (Athalie) at the termination of the proceedings, which, perhaps, was one of the most solemn and impressive religions services that hns yet taken place in Australia. — The Daily Telegraph . 