LYCEUM THEATRE. Mr H. Talbot made his second appearance at the Lyceum Theatre last evening in the Character of " Hainlet," and though comparisons may bs odious, one cannot help making them, with Mont gomery's impersonation fresh in the memory, somewhat to the disadvantage of the former. Mr Talbot's " Hamlet," however, has many excellent points ; at first he scarcely seemed equal to the task, but as the play proceeded and he warmed to his work, he threw of! to a great extent his staginess. There is a great deal too much of the mere mechanical action about him, not devoid of a certain grace, however. In many of his posi tions on the stage he is apparently too much fettered by certain stage rules as regards position, to be able to represent the character naturally. His best scenes were with Ophelia and with the Queen, and in these, with the exception of a slight inclination to be too demonstrative, he was very successful, and moved the audience to cordial applause. Miss Kate Warde as the fair Ophelia, acted most afiectingly, and drew tears from many eyes. Mr Heawood as Po lonius proved quite a comic old gentleman. Mr Parker, too, deserves every credit for his per formance of Horatio; and if he would but throw as much Hie and vigor into his other impersona tions, there would be hopes of his taking a respectable position as an actor. Mr Edwards as the King fully bore out Hamlet's comparison of him witli the dead King. Laertes was played by Mr Burton, who spoiled a good performance by ranting somewhat, and by being too energetic with his rapier, which he shook at the King as a schoolmaster does his cane when he threatens an offending urchin Mr Burton can do the quiet heavy villain better than the polished gentleman and courtier. The Grauediggers were cleverly and humorously represented by Mr YVeller and Mr Wheeler. The Ghost, by Mr Stanley, was a most melancheJy one, and more calculated to drain the eyewater tbau " freeze one's young blood." To-night Mr Talbot assumes the character o£ the bold outlaw, Rob Roy. 