-ifti| djoijmuall -!pn(mtT{[li- 'THE LAVSCBSTON TIKES.' Let It bs Impraassa upon your minds— let It bo Is stuled Into your oblUrsu, that VBS Lisssrr or ths Pans la the psUsdlnm of all ths civil, poUUoal, anj rtuelou rights ol an EnsUitumn.-Jt»ios. Lnsarr wftndsagsris to be prefemd totlanry wlUi sseuritv.— auiosr. TO COUBBsrOKDKXTS. -sj-We do not Identity ourselves witn the opinions ol oareoiTespondents. All communications to the Kdltor lor Insertion In the Comtmll chronicle must be authenticated by the name and auonai ol tho writer, not nreesasrllv lu puhlieaUon, but as aguaranUx ol good IsJtu. Monday, Jolt 12, 1869. After years of perseverance on the part of the advocates of a Main Line Bailway to connect Hobart Town and Lauuceston, the country has at length been placed in posses sion of a full Parliamentary Survey, executed by Engineers of tho highest standing ; and at length the Legis lature will be in n position to ap proach the question with full data before them of the most reliable kind. The report of Messrs. Doyne iuajur uuu i/meti witn me plans and cross sections accompanying it, ore all most complete, and the infor mation they contain is to our minds of a very satisfactory character, prov ing that a substantial railway can bo constructed ncroBS the island on easy gradients ; and at a cost very littln lh excess in max estimated by the Royal Commission appointed in 1867, whose report was laid before Parliament during its last session. Alost of our readers have doubtless by this time made themselves ac quainted with the report now sub mitted, and it is theceiore unneces Knrir tnr lie t-n Ant-A* *«*tnn ???.__ J!_~_i of it. The Engineers propose to construct a substantial line of rail way on a guage of five feet three inches, which, after leaving Uobart Town shall pass across the Bridge water Causeway and run through the settled districts until it leaves Camp bell Town when it is to strike away to the tVestward, and following tho course of the Macquarie Eiver on its Northern bank, join the Launceston and Western Railway at Longford. The length of railways to be thus con structed is a little over 127 miles, and the cost is estimated at £850,000 sterling. This amount is to make the railway complete, with rolling stock and every accessory necessary to open the line for traffic, but does not include the purchase of land where the route ,may strike through private property. What additional cost this may entail will depend much upon the amount of patriotism exhibited by the landholders of Tas mania. We perceive that some of our Southern contemporaries make thelestimate up to & million sterling, but we should scarcely think that any hind required for the rail way would cost so large a a sum as £150,000 ; it is of course always best to be on the safe side, however ; and taking the cost of the f imposed railway at a million ster ing, we wonder what the Parliament will say to it The interest on such a earn of money will represent, at six per cent, per annum, an annual payment of £60,000, and where so much scepticism exists respecting the productive power of the colony, we must expect to find any proposal to commit the colony to such an ex penditure, met by the most deter mined opposition. For this we are fully prepared, but we hope to see 'lc K'uu ecuee auu enterprising spirit of our legislators exhibit iUelf with strength sufficient to overcome opponents. The Treasurer will open the ball with the old interest hob goblin, which so frightened him and his factotum of tlie evening' press a few months ago. His cry at the outset will be, ' H«w am I to provide the interest f Well, this is a matter which the Government will have ample time to considei between now and the third of August next, and we hope to see their policy very clearly aet forth in the Governor's speech which is to be read on that day. The engineers have evidentlv fore seen the difficulty to which we allude, and they have raised a number of very cogent arguments in favour of constructing the line in three sections, and only borrowing the money as it may be required. They suggest that in the first in stance a sum of £350,000 only should be borrowed to make the sections proposed from Hobart Town to Brighton, and from Longford to Campbell Town, leaving the midland section open to revision as regards its J route, as it is possible that with the lapse of time important and desirable ultonrtiont might be suggested. There is much sound reasoning in this proposition, and it has this udvautage, that in the early stages of tho work the country wouid be liable only for the interest upon £350,000 instead of upon ono million sterling. We think, however, that under any circumstances the necessary loan should bo autho rised under one Act, for it is well that English capitalists should be mode to understand that we are not merely ex perimentalising, but that the Main Line Railway is to be constructed throughout as speedily as possibly, although we only ask them for au instalment of the necessary capital to begin with. This is, however, a matter of detail which with other important financial and general con siderations, will roqinro to be well and separately discussed. The true question for present consideration is suggested by the concluding para graphs of the engineer's report, as follows : — ' Will the construction of this Railway directly and indirectly confer euch benefits upon the country as to justify the country in taking the responsibility of incurring a debt for the purpose? tVilt it tend to settle population in districts which are now cut off from markets by the difficulties o( transit ? Will it aid in promoting the unity of the colony by developing closer commercial re lations between the different dis tricts ; improving the wauiug energy of the inhabitants; introducing fresh blood and capital ; and by providing means of free communication be tween man and man, help to efface those feelings of petty jealousy and rancour which always flourish in locally isolated communities and de stroy tho vitality of the whole nation? Will Tasmania so united and strengthened be able to bear the in creased burden ot debt ? We think all these questions may be safely answered in the affirmative?' It is gratifying to find such high authori ties as Messrs. Doyne, Major, aud Willett thus strongly supporting tho opinions we have so determinedly asserted during the past twelve months in the columns of the Laun ceston Times. Our opinions, we know gave offence to many of our most respected supporters, but they were expressed from a sincere con icction of their truthfulness, which lias been recently strengthened by reference to many examples, aud now again confirmed by the deliber ate voice, of gentlemen of vast ex perience in railway construction in whom the men ot the North, we (eel assured have unbounded confidence. We trust that Parliament will affirm the desirability of borrowing a mil lion sterling for the construction of the Main Line Railway, adopting the advice of the Engineers to make the two end sections first If this advice is taken we believe it will be found that our opinions have been correct : that both directly and in directly, tho Railway will greatly benefit the country, and that the in terest hobgoblin of which we have heard so much, io in roailt^ uu hob goblin at all, but a mers visual illu sion, like Professor Pepper's ghost, which vanishes the moment we re move the mirror in which Tasmania now reflects before the world her own inertness. Fsxkob rs rre Ponrrv.— Mr 11. A. Clcaiy, at pnuent of Collins-stroot, Melbourne, is about to booomo a resident of Launceaton and follow his profession here as a tc&cucr; and elocutionist. Mr Cloary is an eecom plulied French scholar, a pupil of the cele brated Cnanotne of Baillent, and received the chief portion of his education in France with the aonsof the lion. John O'Shanassy, for merly Premier of Victoria. Mr Cloary is a native of Hobart Town, whero he was educated until he was nino yoars of age, in loot, ine joct oi jht lAoory Dcmg a native of ToHmania ought to toll in his favour with thoM likely to patronizo him. Mr Cloary will arrriTO here highly aocreditcd with testimonials as to Ids ability from Sir Redmond Barry, Dr. Bromby (brother of Ilia Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania), Pro fessor Uearnc, Melbourne University, tho French Consulate at Molboumo, Mr Henderson, and a Urgo number of oilier gentlemen *t the liighetit standing, and con nected with educational institutions in Vic toria. The lati Hon. Isiac Suebwik.-TIio funeral sermon of Lt-o lato hon l°6aac Slicr win, was preached io the Wenleyan Cljnrrh, Patterson-street, yesterday evening, bv the Rev. J. Horcoui t ; nho took for his tore tlie latter psrt ol the 10th verse of tho 23rd chapter of the book of Numbers, ' Let ma die tho destli of tbo righteous, and let my last end be like his I' After the sermon Im read a brief, but very interesting biographi cal sketch of Mr. Sbersin, showing amongst other things, that when in business, in Cuarlei.sticet. in 1B32, he attended tilt Episcopal Cuurcb, afterwards tbe Indepen dent Cliapel oflbeRov. Charles l'ricc. l-iit during the visit ol tho lu'vs. Nathaniel Turner hnd J. A. Manton, to LauoccEton, he invited them to remain witli him, and,' the result was, hie becoming an earnest member of the Wculeyan Church. In 1835, he becaino u leader, a local preacher, nnd was nppoioled Chapel Steward. VariouB instances were mentioned or bis conscien tiousness, amongst others, tbnt for con science site, he resigned tho position of Manogor, of the Liunceston liraoch of tbe Commercial Bant. Hi, charitable zeal, his usefulness no a magistrate, and as chairman of 11.0 Hospital Board ( hia impartiality in dispensing aid alike to the neejy of all countries resident hero j the basis of his political principles, and his Bnu faith os a sincere Christian, were all referred to in connection with tbe last messairo he Mirered lo ti? minister to tuko to tlie Congregation, 'Tell them, I have perfect peace.' Tharo was u large attendance in the Church, although rain fell heavily just before the service, and the whole evening afterwards. Tho Eer. J. Hareourt an nounced that on 6unday nert, the Bev. Joseph WU!U, lato or the South Saa' Islands, Kill preach there morning and evening, in aid of the Wesleyan Foreign Mission*, and on Monday evenine a Missionary Meeting will bt liald, at which John Crookes, Esq., has kindly consented to preside. ?*n. u. u. oktth s jjicnnuu.— ur I,. L. Smith delivered, ut ike Theatre Boyul hero, three brier lectures on Friday oven fug, oo 'lho Silkworm,' 'Snike bites' and 'Tobacco: its uses and abuses.' The leotaras on the. Silkworm and Snake bites were illustrated by models of tbe silkworm and of the viper's head, magnified to tho mUintorSOO times the lifo aiie. There was \- fair attendance, and the lecturer was frequently applaaJsd. 