SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, 21st October. Messrs Cobb and Co have obtained all the principal contracts for the inland postal service at some L5.000 less than the contract price of last year. The debate on the report of the Lunatic Asylum commission has been highly complimen tary to Dr Patterson, the medical officer of the institution. A meeting of the shareholders in the Mercantile Marine Insurance Company was held to-day, when Messrs R. B. Smith, J. Hart, W. Kay, Cornish, Gavan and Young, were elected directors. The corn market is firm but dull, and prices are unchanged. Sales of wheat are reported at 5s 9d. Sailed-Penola, s.s, for Melbourne. ACCIDENTS.-A man named William Evans was received into the hospital yesterday suffering from severe bruises, which he had that day sustained by a fall of earth in a claim at the White Hills. A man named Henry Duin, while in a state of intoxication, fell down a hole in Sparrowhawk Gully, twelve feet deep, on Wednesday night, breaking his leg. He was admitted into the hos pital yesterday, his injuries being considered of a very serious nature, chiefly on account of Duin having the preliminary Bymptoms of an attack of delirium tremens. EAGLEHAWK IIIFLE CLUB.-At the handicap I rifle match ol this club yesterday the firet prize I was won by Caldwell, with a score of 57 points ; the second prize by Joseph, with 51 points; and the third by Eaton, with 48 points. The day was favoruble to the shooting which was very fair. MABONG SUIBB CODXCIL-The sitting of the Marong Shire Council yesterday was very much protracted, it taking the Council the greater portion of the day to transact the business before them. The President should not allow a coun cillor to speak four or five times on one subject, even though ostensibly he rises to speak "in explanation," as was the case at yesterday's meeting. MOONLIGHT PARADE.-Last evening a moon light pirade of the iieudigo Rifles took place, at which there was a large attendance, the fineness of the night no doubt acting ns an inducement for the members to turn out. Captain Joseph was in command, and the two companies were in charge ol Sergeant Martin and Sergeant Metcalf; Lieutenant Blackbaru and Staff-Sergeant Ander son acting as majors. The column having been marched to the Railway Reserve were put through a variety of battalion movements by Captain Joseph; the several officers showing a great aptitude in a knowledge of their positions durine the different manoeuvres, while the men worked steadily and correctiy. The command having been given over to Lieutenant Black ham that officer also drilled the men for some time, after which they were marched to I Charing Cross and dismissed. Previous to dis missal Captain Joseph drew the attention of the corps to the benefit to be given to the Volunteer Band this evening nt the Lyceum Theatre, and j hoped that the members, by their presence there to-night, would do their best to assist the desirable object in view. It was intended duriug the summer months to have as many moonlight parades as possible, and to allow the junior non commissioned officers to take charge of the companies and act a.i "coverers," to enable them to get well up in their drill. He also intimated that if any order came up from head quarters with regard to the review on the Prince of Wales Birthday it would be immediately made public through the press. LTCSDJI THEATRE.-A. complimentary benefit is to be given to-night in the Lyceum to Hallas's Volunteer Band. Messrs Stanley and Holmes' dramatic company are to appear, and the pieces chosen for the occasion are the sensational drama of " The Relief of Lucknow," which is to be pro duced witb'great effects', and the laughable farce of "The Ghost." The regular season of the Dramatic Company will commence to-morrow night, on and after which date the season tickets will be available. ALMAXACS Fott 1870:-We have to acknowleged the receipt of Clarson, Massina and Company's Weather Almanac for 1870, from the publishers in Melbourne; also, the Victorian Almanac for 1870, lrom Mr O'Mahony, bookseller, Pall Mall. Both almanacs contain a great deal of useful in formation in addition to the usual daily registry of the vear. THE WEATHEB.-The thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs Joseph and Co's, Pall Mall, yesterday, as follows:-Nine a.m, 52°; noon, 65°; three p.m, 70°; six p.ra, 65°; maximum, 73°; minimum during the nrevious night, 54°. Barometer-nine a.m, 29 170; fix p.m, 29'70. THE LATE- MB J. C. MABTIS.-The Argus, noticing the death of Mr J. C. Martin, states that he was for many years connected with the BENDIGO ADVERTISES. Mr Martin never was connected with the ADVEBTISER, but was for some time connected with the Bendigo Mercury. NEW FOILING PLACE FOB WAHAKGA.-Two deputations were received by the Commis sioner of Railways, at the Roads and Bridges office on Wednesday. In the case of the.first-a dispute as to whether Runny mede or Corop should be the polling place for the western division of the Waranga shire the Minister satisfied both parties by intimaiing his intention of causing an amendment to be pro posed in the Local Government Amendment Bill, which would enable the Governor in Council -to appoint more than one polling place for each division of this and the various other shires throughout the country. LOYAL LIBEHAL ASSOCIATION.-ThiB association seems vigorously resuming its operations, as if in anticipation of a political campaign having soon to be entered upon. At Footscray on Wednesday a most successful meeting was held for the purpose of forming a branch of the association in that place. In various localities throughout West Bourbe similar branches are to be formed. The executive committee of the association is busily bestirring uself. On Monday evening the general committee will be called together for the purpose of discussing a course of action that will be pre sented for the further working of the association. At the meeting it is expected a large number of the Liberal members of Parliament will be present. Tankard's hotel is to be the place of rendezvous, and it is anticipated that a vigorous movement will be entered upon.-Herald. CHAHGB AGAINST A MEDICAL MAN IS MEL BOURNE,-To-day (Thursday) a gentleman called at the office of this paper CHerald), and stated that a leading medical gentleman of this city had behaved in one of our public institutions in a most improper manner to a young married woman who was under bis care. The husband of the young woman went, it is said, to the medical man's house last night, intending to inflict summary punish ment on the offender, but not finding the doctor at home, 13 reserving his wrath for some moro favorable occasion. The namt9 of all the parties mixed up in thi3 affair have been handed in to us, and the circumstance is mentioned in the hope {bat full inquiry ond publicity might yet bo given, 