TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. SYDNEY.. . Herald Office, Tuesday 3 p.m. PARLIAMENT is .dissolved ; the new writs will be issued to-morrow. : Robert Harvey has been convicted of manslaughter on the high seas, and remanded for sentence. Clarke's trial, for the murder of his wife, is proceeding. Goyder, South Australian Surveyor-;' General, reports that gold, iron,, tin, and copper, have been discovered in the Northern, territory. .... 8'30 p.m. . The Freetraders.; intend ; active : electioneering. Writs "for general election issued, returnable 24th January. The Murratnbidgee nomination takes place on the 9th December, and tlie polling, on the 20th. PASTORAL'ASSOCIATION DINNER.-In com memoration o£ "the most successful Pastoral Show ever held in Wagga," the members of the Mitrrumbidgee Pastoral Associa tion will dine together to-night at the Aus tralian. The guest of the evening will be our Victorian visitor, Mr. E. Shaw, who so kindly consented to act as one of the judges on the occasion, and wnose presence has added so much to the interest and value of the Exhibition. We are sure that all inte rested in pastoral affairs in this district will gladly assemble to do honour to one whose name is identified with the same great inte rest over the border- and who, at considerable personal inconvenience, has travelled so far to give them the benefit of his admitted knowledge and experience. THE CONVENT BAZAAR.-The Bazaar in aid of the fuuds of the Albury Bazaar opened on Monday night at the Australian Assembly Room. The ladies of both towns had evidently vied with each other as to whoshould con tribute the largest number of beautiful things, aud it is only fair to say that the result of the race was a decided dead heat. The room was very prettily decorated and brilliantly lighted, and from tne bright colours of many of the articles, and the light dresses of the ladies, the general effect was very striking. On the right side of the room were the stalls of the AJbury ladies, and on the left those of the ladies of Wagga Wagga, both ably looked after ; while between the two flitted a bevy i of fair skirmishers, armed with pin-cushions, smoking-caps, and other weapons of offence, and whose business seemed to be to stick up unprotected males, and compel a purchase. The Bazaar will be continued during the week, and from the brisk business done during the first two nights, may be expected to be as profitable as bazaars always are. THE TURF.-At last a little genuine ex citement seems to be springing up about the coming race-meeting. Want of space pre cludes us from saying much about the chances of the various nags, nor in truth is there very much to be said. All that can be considered in the least degree reliable is that most of the horses have done good work up to the last moment, and that the chances for all the events are about as "open" as the veriest "plunger" could wish or fear. In the betting line, thanks to Mr. Saqui's slice of luck in Melbourne, we are relieved from any probability of his presence on this occasion, but we are glad to see that our old friend Mr. Bradbury, of Sydney, has put in an appearance, so that all bona fide backers of horses may rely upon getting fair odds from a fair man in any event upon which it may please them to speculate. A general meeting of the Turf Club has been called by circular for to-night, to consider " business important to the interests of _ the club," which means, we believe, the investigation of certain charges against a once some what prominent member. _ The following handicap was declared last night at the Aus tralian. The weights for the Hurdle race will be fixed to-morrow. FLYING HANDICAP. St lb Mr. P. J. M'Alister's b g Albury ... 8 12 J. Mitchell's b m Fleur-de-lis ... 8 12 J. Iliffe's g f Snowdrift 7 3 11\. Stewart's b g Easy John ... 7 2 S. G. Gorman's ns b g Despatch 7 2 C. Eiggal's e m Maid of Morpeth G 12 M. H. Devlin's b g The Ghost ... 6 12 S. G. Gorman's ns g g Amateur G 7 THE WHARF. - The tender of Messrs. Alfred Treasure and Henry Webb, for the erection of a wharf at Wagga Wagga, have been accepted. PROPOSED VINEGROWERS' ASSOCIATION. We hear that some of the vinegrowers in the Albury neighbourhood are endeavouring to form themselves into an Association for the consideration of all matters affecting the wine industry. CRICKET.-A Special General Meeting of the members of the Wagga Wagga Cricket Club was held on Monday evening last, at the Secretary's office, for the purpose of presenting Mr. J. Jones with a prize bat, for the highest average seore last season ; the average he obtained was 50. The bat will be exhibited in Mr. Hunter's window until the end of the week. The Secretary reported he had received an answer from the Gundagai Club, saying, they would be most happy to meet them on their ground on the 3rd. The members expressed a wish to play the first match on their own ground, and requested the Secretary to write to Gundagai to that effect. B"i'.P. IN WOOL.-A Victorian paper states vast improvement has been effected by a method of removing burr recently discovered. This is simply by the use of a horse comb at washing, when the wool is wet. AVe learn from the ironmongers that recently there has been a prodigious demand for horse-combs for this purpose. It is estimated that by this process the value of the fleece is enhanced from 2d. to 3d. per lb ; and to show the re sult we may mention that one large sheep holder, who estimated the deterioration in value of his produce from this cause last yea.i at £7,500, will free his wool from burr this year by an expenditure of about £250. SOMETHING LUCE A "DUI-VKING BOUT." A week or so back (says the Dubbo Dispatch) a man named Lloyd, in the employment of Mr. A. M'Gregor, Merrrigal, was sent to Messrs. Tait and Smeliio's, Overland Stores. Dubbo, for station supplies, which were duly banded to liiin. Among the goods were two casks containing respectively two gallons of rum and two of port wine. Lloyd went about eight miles from Dubbo on his home ward route, and there he sat down aud "tapped the admiral." He got gloriously drunk that night, and on the following morning recommenced his devotions to Bacchus, and kept at them for some days until every drop of the wine and spirits was drunk. Senior-constable Cooper having received information respecting the doings of this very "jolly" tosspot rode to the scene of the "grand drunk," aud there found Mr. Lloyd in a delightful state of intoxication, having just previously to the arrival of Cooper consumed the last drop in the casks. The senior-constable took the man in charge, and on Tuesday he was brought up at the Police Court, and confessed that he, as he expressed it, " swamped the grog, and right good stuff it war, too." The magistrates remanded him for eight days. It is said that Lloyd (who, we believe, would have been drinking still if the grog had lasted aud the constable kept away) once before was guilty of an almost similar little trick. He was in the employ of an innkeeper, who dispatched him to Dubbo for some casks of grog. After getting them, and while on his way home, a strong feeling to taste some Jamaica, which was in one of the barrels, possessed him. He slipped one of the iron hoops off the cask, "tapped the admiral," and took enough spirits to keep him drunk for a week. Having done this, he poured an equal quantity of water into the barrel, and then replaced the hoop over the spile-hole. 