THE FENIAN "SCARE" IN CANADA. {Quebec Morning Chronicle.) It is a pity that such ridicnlous sensations as Fenian "scares" shonld be possib'e at this day- The absurd fabrications as to immediate operations of the brotherhood have not the faintest appearance of probability at this time. The organization was never weaker, more discouraged, 'and peaceably inclined than at-present. Just imagine such a thing as a formidable invasion of Canada, or daring enterprises in Quebec or Ontario by the brethren, without ten thousand previon; announcements of the fact from themselves at patriotic meetings throughout the States ! As well expect their deluded supporters to get sense enough to lose faith in their honesty and capacity, or expect to see an Irishman made President of the United States, as Fenian armies to keep Quiet on occasions of this kind. They ire not enamoured of silenpe and modesty when noise and self asser tion are best calculated to 4 ra W the "precious'' from the rockets of the dqpes. Our government should know their men well enough by to-day to render these periodical excitements itnpossible- That Ministers should be fluttered and frightened by cock-and-bull reports from their spies or imaginative militia officers high in command, when the public are not, appears very strange indeed From the information we published yesterday it would seem the "scare" was not the product of a mistake made in any one place, but of a set of rumours which reached different places simultaneously or much about the same time- What should have prevented tlie excitement spreading or lasting long, was the fact that the generals of the regular army, who had a considerable interest "in the matter, and very good sources of information, had heard nothing of the Fenian enterprises up to a late hour. Our Militia Adjutants - General, however, acted as if better advised, and thousands of . men were subjected to the inconveniences of being hastily summoned from their work and their domiciles to be prepared for service against an enemy that nowhere existed outside the disordered fancies of Government employees on the look-out for sensations and anxious for militia mustere. This invisible Fenian "movement" should teach the Ministry a lesson of prudence in the interest of the volunteers and the country's credit. The cry of "Fenian" like the cry of "wolf' should not be raised too often, lest the parties expected to meet the enemy become disgusted or incredulous by the time he lias in reality arrived. (Montreal Weekly Herald, Oct. 16) We of course know that it is the business of Government to keep itself informed of movements inimical to the public tranquility, and we can imagine the possibility of information in its hands which is not in that of other persons, as to certain conceivable designs. But it is drawing strongly on ordinary credulity to ask us to believe that hostilities which would demand a sudden muster of the volunteer force, could be in preparation without any previous indications of the intention. Such a thing may be within the bounds of possibility; but it is hardly within those of credibility, and it seems to us that if the Government possessed any good and exclusive reasons for thinking that danger of the kind in question is threatened, it wo'lid only be fair to the citizens to allow them to participate in the news, at all events in such a general shape as to make it plain" that they are not being merely played upon for selfish purposes, nor made the sport of fancied terrors. We appreciate the dilemma in which the Government, like any Government, may be placed by intelligence forwarded by persons whom they, perhaps, can hardly help keeping on pay, and who find it necessary, from time to time, to show that they are still wanted. The neglect of such information. . of course, involves a certain responsibility, while precaution can rarely do much harin, and the absence of it would afford ground for censure if it led to mischief. vVith all that, we hold that there should be a wise discrimination exercised in the use of this sort of news, and that when it is found desirable to act upon it, it should either be so quietly as not to attract attention and excite apprehension, or when that is impracticable with a fair statement of the reasons which have made precaution de-irable. If we are ever to have armed trouble, it will. be well that it should be regarded by all as a matter of gravity ; but this la't scare has been received by the public here with a feeling of something very like ridicule for the disturbance itself and of contempt for its authors. (New York Tribune, Oct. 12.) A new apparition of Fenians has startled the chivalry of the Dominion. We say an apparition, though there is hardly the ghost of a chance that the Fenians will ever do them barm. Still, the Canadians have been roused by their Government, and -told to arm at all hazards, and we do not know but that they have been enjoined to sleep on their arms until further notice. The Fenians are not terrible, but to those who rule at the dominion capital the idea of independence may be, and a good Fenian scare may assist the Imperial purposes of confederation, provided it is not too apparent that the Fenians are imaginary*. 