THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. Political. — Certain propliets foretell that Mr Higinbotbam's resolutions, it modified, will pats the AtEembly. Tbe Land Bill, with a little painstaking, and yielding on the part of the Assembly and the Coancil, may, before the Honse rises, become part of the statutes of the colony. Payment of Members' Bill is more likely of pasting the Upper House now than it was a little while ago. Pjisibly it may pass pare and simple, if not it is said that in all probability it will pass with a slight clog pat ou it by the Council. Anent tho Slate-aid Bill the vaticin&tors; ore in doubt. That it onght to pass is said on all sides, that it will do so not many like to assert. Or<r the report on Messrs Miller and Stntt thero is likely to be some fighting, and it is doubtful whether a majority of the House will affirm the decision of the report in both cases. Cdstom-Hoc3e Supkbyision. — We under stand that a Custom-house officer who has been in charge of a distillery near Melbonrne, is likely to hare bis conduct overhauled. The Comnrssioner intends making it a caution to any-one who may bo found lacking in their fidelity to the State. Boabd of AGRicuLmnE." A special meet ing of tho council of this board will be held to morrow at noon, at the office of the board. D£ruTATioN3."-Soaie dozen or so of deputa tions waited upon the various Ministers at their offices to day. The only one of interest is one in which Mr Jamee, tbe mayor of Hawthorn, with Cr Atkins and Mr Toon, town clerk of the same place, waited npon the hon. Commissioner of Public Works, iu re ference to water supply to Hawthorn. Mr Beeves promised to erect an additional stand- pipe on the Auburn road, and that as soon as pipes arrived from England ae many streets should be reticulated in Hawthorn as the department conld spare pipes for. In reference to the nui sance arising from the main Richmond drain, which flows into the Yarraat Hawthorn Bridge, Mr Reeves expressed an opinion that in case of farther assistance being granted to Richmond lor drainage, the local coancil shonld take steps to abate the anisance cansed to tho inhabitants of Hawthorn. Mas J. B. Steele. — It wss stated in the city this morning, that Mrs Steele has entered an action against Herr Bandmann for damages, on account ot tbe injuries sustained by the accident at tbe Tbeatro Royal on the 26th October. It is a matter of regret that any law -proceedings should take place in tbis matter, as from the time tbe accident occurred np to tbe time of Mrs Steele's recovery, Herr Bandmann was moat anxions in the matter, and solicitous to do all he conld to Berve Mrs Steele. Captain Azlixc, of the Moravian, has on board his vessel, at Geelong, an original copy of William Cooper's "Anatomy," first published in 1698. It is very nearly perfect, only two out ot the hundred plates being torn. These plates represent every portion of the linmnn frime, and even as specimens of woodents 171 years old are very valnable. phe5btieiuan CnCP.ceassemdly.---A pnblic breakfast of the memberi of the Presbyterian Chnrch Assembly took place this morning, et the Criterion hotel, Collins street, when abont GO of tbe members and their friends sat down to a recherche entertainment, provided in Mr Morton's nsnal good . style. Tbe moderator (Rev I, Hetherington) presided, and the mem bers present spent a pleasant hoar in social conversation apart from business matters. To day the assembly has been chiefly engaged in complaints from preBbyterieB and other routine matters. A resolution embodying a tribute of respeot to the memery of Mr John Brown, formerly secretary of the Home Mission Committee, was passed. The annnal public meeting in connection with the General Assembly oi the Presbyterian Cbnroh in Vic toria took place, last evening, in the Scots' Chnrch, Collins street. Tho chair was occu pied by the Rjv Mr Hetherington, who briefly addressed the meeting. He said that, although their progresa during the last ten years had mdcn'I&'htplXifBSfiW'Bli ttr&eTfikSWJBil; chnrch for the exercise of tbe moat sincere exertion in all the various departments. Tbe Rev Mr Ballantyne spoke en the elements of chnrch progress, and nrged that the earnest ness thrown into worldly works might with advantage be applied to chnrch matters. The Rev Mr M'Kay addressed the meeting on the question of religions literature, drawing a picture oi the condition- of literature gene rally, which was for from favorable to morality and religion. Mr Maefarlane, who spoke on the lay agenoy in the cburcb, urged npon the meeting to unite in placing the theological hall, the widows and orphans' fnnd, and the fond for aged and infirm ministers, on inch a firm foundation that no fears would be engendered as to their future. Tho Rev Mr Inglis ad dressed tho meeting on tho ohnrch's duty to the heathen within her own bounds, his remarks being directed towards the Chinese residing in tbe colony, and the aborigines. The three last verses of the 72nd Psalm, which may be termed the Doxology of David, were then snng, and with the benediction, from tho moderate, the proceedings terminated. WonKMEN'b Wages.— Abont 800 carpenters and joiners met last evening, at the Trades- hill, to consider the present rate of wages, and the advisability of asking for an increase of remuneration. It was stated that it wonld be the fault of the carpenters and joiners them selves if they did not succeed in getting 10s per day, and it was complained of that Mr Amess, the Mayor of Melbonrne, had been advertising in the Sydney Herald for men, to work at tho Kew Asylum, at 9a per day. The following reiolntipas were carried 1\. "That in the opinion Af this meeting wo, the carpenters and joiners of Melbonrne and snbnrbr, are not sufficiently remunerated for onr labor when compared with other branches of the building trade ; and this meeting pledgee itself to nse all the means in its pawer to obtain no advance of Is per day." 2. "That in the opinion of this meeting, in order to carry ont the first resolotion, it will be neces sary to give due notice to the employers at the earliest opportunity, that the advanced rate will oommence on Monday, 22nd November, and that it be notified in the three daily papers." 3\. " That in the opinion of this meeting it will bo necessary to ensure the success ot this movement tbat all carpenters and joiners will see the propriety of at once joining the trade society." 4. " Tbat it is the firm determination ot this meeting to insist on tho foregoing re solutions, and wo therefore plodge ourselves not to work for a lower rate pf wages than 10 k per day after Saturday next." The meeting concluded with a vote of thanks to the chair man. Funedal on the Late Mr Butceart. — The remains of Mr James Bntchart, formerly of the firm of Kayo and Bntchart, were interred in the new cemetery yesterday. At an early hour in the morning the fnneral procession left Belenra, tbe residenoe of tbe deceased gentleman at Schnapper Point, and arrived in town abont half-past 1 p.m. After the fnneral service bad been performed by Dr Cairns at tbe Chalmers Chnrch, tbe hearse, followed by abont fifty private carriages, proceeded to tbe oemetery. The coffin was then committed to the grave, tho pall-bearers being Master Bnt chart, Messrs G. Bntchart, James M'Biin, James Sutherland, Richard Grice, Charles Henderson, Walter Clarke, J. R. Riynor, tho Hon. W. Campbell and Captain Freyor. Tbe fnneral prayer was offered np by tho Rev M'Kenzie Fraier. Legal Intelligence. — After we went to press yesterday the case of Brown v Aitkon and others, to recover damagee for the des truction of 8000 sheep, alleged to have been cabby, was concluded in tho old court. Tho jury returned a verdict for tbe plaintiff, damages £2500 in addition to £500 paid into oonrt. In the juries of fonr court tho aelion of the Fitzroy Coancil v M ihoney to recover ten years arrears of rates on property in Brunswick street, was conolnded. Tho verdict was for the defendant, with leave for both parties to apply, the plaintiff to enter a verdict for damages £45 5s 7<1, the defendant for a verdict of £320 or a noasait. National Museum. — The number of visitors to the National Museums of natural history, geology, and economio geology, applied to mining, agriculture, and the arte, for tbe week ending 13th October, 1869, wob 1981; 839 on the Prinoe of Wales birthday. Tee Barque Feronli.— Tbis fine vessel has now completed tbe discharge of ber cargo of tea, and the anticipated damage resulting from the fearfnl hurricane sbo encountered on ber passage to tbis port from Foo Chow is not nearly so great as might bo anticipated, and was expeoted. There is a probability of the ship changing hands before leaving tbis port, and, if so, Bhe will add one moro to the fino fleet of vessels that are now registered here. CJ- Practical Jokino and its Consequences. —It has been known for somo days past that an inqairv was to be hold into the con luct of a railway official. Since the suspension of tho Baid official, a gentleman, who has given his Dame, has written to the Commissioner of Rail ways, stating that bo and others played a trick with tho official ; and tbat so far from (being addicted to drink, the said officer is a most abstemious man. Shonld the inqniry result in the railway empleyo losing his billet, he will - have to thank bis friends, tbo practical jokers, for the loss. Theatre Royal — The appearanco of Herr Bandmann as the Duke of Gloster, in " Richard the Third," attracted a good bonse at the Theatre Riyal last evening. Herr Bandmann does not give the hnnchback Dako as a trucu lent, boisterous villain, bnt depicts him as the eraity, snbtlo scoundrel, who, by a mock suavity allays suspicion, and by honeyed words and traitorons accents succeeds in dispelling for a time the natural repngnance that he inspires. From the moment that King Henry is robbed of life, in bis prison, to the time that tbe orders are given to attack Richmond, the Dnke of Gloster is represented as an unmitigated villain, whose only redeeming quality is the possession of great personal courage. When pleading to Lady Anne, Herr Bandmann was singnlarly successful, and also in tho sadden transition from almost superhuman valor to abject fear at tbo phantoms conjured np by conscience. Herr Bandmann received a call after each act. Mr Bartlett was a vigorous and manly Richmond, and Mr Rogers was successful iu investing tho part of Henry VI. with digni fied pathos, and tbe other male characters were creditably playod. The part of Queen Elizibeth was effectively performed by Miss Jauo, and Miss Evans made the most ot Lady Anne. The piece was pnt npon the stage in a manner that reflects credit npon the manage ment. To-night a complimentary bene fit will be given to Mr Frank Drew, who contemplates quitting the colony. Herr Bandmann will appear in one not of "Hamlet." "Frederick of Prussia" will fol low, Mr Goppin playing tbe part of Stolbacb, the comedian. Mr Drew will take bis farewell in Monsienr Jacqnes, and the whole will oon- clndo with the burlesque of tbe " Moid and the Magpie. The excellency of the programme, combioed with the objeot ef the benefit, can scarcely fail of eeenring a fall honse. Weston's Opera House. — Mr Chapman in troduced a novelty last evening, called a man playing with ghosts. Tho illusion was well manoged, and tho sadden appearance and dis appearance of various figures were inadly ap plauded. Tbe other tricks were successfully performed, and elicited tho nsnal approbation. Thero was an exceedingly good honse. 