THE HOUSE ON EIRE ON CHRISTMAS EYE. I generally take up my hunting quarters at tlio White Hart at Bastock. Do not he alarmed ; I am not going to bore yon with a story of a run, or tho praise of my horses (good as they are), for I know what it is to listen to mon who fancy their favourite sport is the only ono worth following. I seldom dine with eithor of my brothers, for one has Izaak Walton by rote, and the othor can quote every, line of Colonel Walker. I flatter myself I know hotter. The Whito Hart stands at tho lower end of Bastock, at the foot of a gentle rise, leading to tho turnpike. In tho front of the inn is a row of small posts and chains, upon which I usually sit when tho weather is fine, and smoke my matutinal cigar. Tho main street forms itself into a letter Y, one branch leading to the quiet old church, and the other to the busy market-place. Once ou a time I don't know how many coaches passed through Bastock, and there aro stable legends that takes one's breath away to listen to at the White Hart of tho incredibly small number of seconds required to change tlio " Royal Independent " when it run opposition to tlio " True Blue." Those dear old coaching days ! I- have a great respect for tho railway interest," but I must say there has been no pleasure — emphatically p?e«sitra — in travelling since the abolition of stage-coaches. Oh, yes, I grant all that ! Civilisation — ends of tho earth brought together — time is money — annihilation of space. Yery true, and quite right into tho bargain ; but who takes his place in a " first class " with the same antici pations of enjoyment as lie mounted tho box of Charley Newman's " Item ? " Who feels tho same tingle of delight at the whistle and screech of tho " Pluton " or " Fireatcr " as he did at tho " All right !" and tantantara of the "'Marquis of Lansdowno's," whilom for some thirty years guard to tho Louth mail ? Who will mention in tho samo breath the bun (pah !) and the soda- water (pish !) served by a" beauty as solemn as Astropos at tho Rattlecash Station to the glass of — " whatever you like," dispensed by pretty, smiling Polly at the White Hart, tho second change out of London ? And having Delighted swill'd tho largo, luxurious draught, and lighted a pleasant weed (by-the-by, tho only unadulterated article of consumption in London, according to Dr. Hassall. Hear that and rejoice, ye fnmigenous mortals !) and having presented anothor to tho coachman, away again, crashing along through the invigorating air, silently enjoying the beautiful prospects stretched every way around, or listening to a pleasant story of man or horse to the journey's end. Ilci mild I But I. was born before railways, and may be prejudiced. You must not mind my digressions, because I am not a professed story-teller, and must be allowed to got on my own way. I was at my accustomed place one glorious April morning, and, although mentally abusing the blessed sun for destroying all chance of) a good sconting-day, I could not he insensible to tho tranquillising influonce of the balmy air and cheerful light as it played about tho roofs and projecting gables of tho quiet homes of Bastock. So peaceful was tho time that it was difficult to imagine that human passions ever disturbed tho indwellors of the place, or that other than Peace and Goodwill wero tho inmates. I had not then heard the story of Poter Lackponny, a miserly old hunks, upon which I had wasted a largo amount oi sympathy as I had seen him shuffling abouf Bastock in a gown of grey duffel, patched and dirty enough for a scarecrow. Potor had passed his days in Bastock, and had fomented .all tho quarrels in1 that otherwise peaceful place — at least so it was said at the White "Hart. He belonged to ono of the professions — I will not say which, because it may be supposed I give way to popular prejudice : but it was noither physic nor divinity ; and though he professed to have made nothing bj liis amiable pursuit, it turned out ho had saved nearly £5000, which, by great, retributive justice, was ultimately the death of hiiu Many years ago Peter had a sister who liac married unfortunately, so far as worldlj prosperity was concerned ; but her troubles wore soon over, as she died three years aftoi her marriage, leaving a boy and a tender, hearted husband behind her, the latter o: whom, it was said, so pined- after his wife that ho died too, and the care of the child Johnny Twister, devolved upon his matorna uucle, Peter Lackponny ; — and precious cart of -dirty ; h'cr of [?] lio took of his nephew ! Ho sent him to. school, it is true, because somo learning was necessary to cnablo the boy to get bis own living. He clothed him, but his costnmo was very much alter that of ancient Britons, exhibiting rather more flesh than broadcloth, and he fed him, it was supposed, because Johnny continued to exist. Truo, there were many soft-hearted people who fancied that they saw hunger always written in the boy's face, and kindly gave him stray lumps of pudding and odd slices of bread and butter ; and no one recollects tho lad refusing eithor. The only thiug of an educational character of what Peter seems to havo been prodigal was that- preparation from the treo of knowledge called the rod, and of that little Johny was known to have considerably more than was thought to bo good for him. , Morning, noon, and night was he undergoing " discipline," as Peter called it ; and yet, strange to say, Johnny Twister grow up the gi-catest liar and no'cr-do-woel in Bastock. Peter had whipped all the original Adam out of liim, and driven in an evil spirit, for not a week passed as tho lad grew up but somo small roguery or dis honourable action was proved against him. At last matters becamo so bad that Poter turned his ncphow out of doors, declaring that he was a disgrace to his family, and the sooner, he starved or drowned himself the better for Jolmuy and the country. There wore some people weak enough to think that Peter was wrong — that, as he had sown the harvest, he ought to reap it, although it wero only a crop of thistles. Peter was not ass enough for that, however; but, foreseeing tbat Johnny only promised labour iu vain,' left him to the winds of heaven. Johnny hung about Bastock for somo timo during the summer, lolling against sunny walls, or sleeping under the shady sides of thorn all day, and disappearing no one knew where at nightfall. How I10 lived was partly a mystery, hut lie really seemed to be getting flesh, when it camo to bo whispered about that numerous pieces of cold bacon and other viands- wero- disappearing nightly in a very supernatural manner from the larders of Bastock. By ono consent tho finger of suspicion was pointed at Johnny Twister ; and an inhuman old grocer, who had lost half a sucking-pig, had tho cruolty to toll liim so. Poor Johnny took this information so much to heart that he left his native- village the same night-, and I believo it was generally understood at tho timo that nobody was anxious for his return. But he did return ; and I saw him on the evening of tho very April morning to which I have referred. We had had a very remarkable run that day, considering the badness of the scent. Wo met at Crickley Church Green (close to tho churchyard, in order to solace the manes of some of the old sportsmen. who lio beneath its green mounds, I suppose), drew Sittingbury Wood blank, hut found a fine dog-fox at Langley Bottom, went away pointing to Greystock, where the hounds threw up for a few minutes, but, hitting tho scent without a cast being made, run him to Trackloy Cross, and Hold hard ! I forgot ; I promised to be silent concerning tho Noble Science, and I will be so. Well, on the evening of that day, I was at my accustomed scat, when a low, rakish-looking fellow, mounted 011 an un mistakable screw, rode up to the White Hart. It was not the first hostel he had visited in his ride— that was ovident as liis bleared eye and disordered dress gave indications of potations pottlo deep. If his appearance had not betrayed his condition, tho tipsy voice with which he summoned my respected 'host, Markwell, would have sufficiently attested it. " Hollo, Markwell, old fell-ow !" he bawled out, so that all Bastock might have heard him had t-lioy been so minded. "Markwell, old fell-ow, whoro are you ?" Tho summons was obeyed, and I saw instantly that mine host recognised his visitor with surprise and displeasure. " What, don't you know me, old cock ?" said tho new-comer. " Ring tho ostler's .bell, and we'll havo a glass of braudy-and-watcr, and I'll let you know who I am." Ho pre pared to dismount. " You had better keep whore you aro," said Markwell, to my utter astonishment, "for I know you woll enough. You had better rido on, for you get nothing in my house, Mr. Twister, or anywhere else in Bastock, if I'm not much nv'stakeu." The tipsy man's face becamo almost black with passion, and the oaths he uttered were of such tremendous import that I trembled to hoar them, and I have heard solne swearing in my timo. It was clear that Markwell was not to be frightened, and Mr. Twister, having exhausted himself, drove his spurs into tho poor brute which carried liim, and rode off" shouting and gesticulating like a demon. " You havo lost a pleasant customer," said I. " Who is he ?" "His name is John Twister, sir," replied Markwell, " tho nephew of tho old man whose mean appearance attracted your attention tho last season you wero here. The old man died a year ago last January." Mine host told me as much of Peter Laeknennv's historv as I havo narrated to von. and then wont on with tho subsequent ad ventures of Mr. John Twister. Somo threo or four j-cars after tho sudden disappearance from Bastock of that worthy young gentleman, tho gold discoveries in Australia were made known to Europe, and tho effect upon the enterprising population in England is remembered by everyone. Old Lackpenny heard of this new Eldorado, and tho conviction that ago had deprived hiin of tho power of profiting by those discoveries nearly drove him out of his wits. Ho would talk of nothing but nuggets, placers, and gold-dust, until ho fairly cried at the golden visions which ho was too old to realise. It seemed, however, that Fortune had resolved that ho should share in her golden favours, and by means tho least anticipated by anyone in Bastock. One morning old Lackpenny was surprised at receiving a letter bearing tho London postmark, and in tho handwriting of his disreputable nephew, John Twister. Nevor was missive more ungraciously receivod. It was tossed contemptuously upon tho table unopened, and was railed at as containing another beggar's petition to bo read and thrown into tho fire, and narrowly escaped that fate without tho preliminary perusal. A storm, however, kept Lackpenny within doors, and more from listlossness than curiosity ho broke the envelope. Tho letter, which at first he scarcely read with attention, suddenly appeared to interest him greatly. His face became flushed, and his keen, grey eyes were extended and fixed intently upon tho paper in his hand. And no wonder, for the' 'statement communicated was of gold ; gold in such abundance that oven Peter's covotousnoss had ; hardly extended beyond it. Ho could scarcely believo liis eyes, but there was tho fact vouched for by an extract from a colonial newspaper, j And John Twister, his scapegrace, abandoned nephew, had becomo a rich man ; and) not only had forgiven Peter all the past, but invited him to Loudon to sharo someway — tlohn did not say how — iu tho good fortune which had belhllou hiiu. The letter said, and tlio cutting from tho newspaper confirmed it, that four adventurers at Quoeuover diggings had discovered a monster nuggot of goid, valued at fivo thousand pounds. The lucky finders had proceeded to England with their treasure, aud John Twister's letter told to his delighted undo of their safe arrival, and that he (Johnny) was one. ' Ho requested his undo to hasten on the receipt of the letter to London, vaguely hinting that there was busi ness to be clone by which the old man might bo advantaged. In a minute Poter was de cided ; he saw not tho rain streaming down the window-panes, neither heard ho tho wind roaring in his smokeless chimney, but, taking from a secret drawer in an del bureau a large, rusty, leather pockct-book, and without which ho never wont far from home, he wrapped himself in a faded bluo camlet cloak, which had seen many years' service, aiid made the best of his way to the railroad. The old cloak let in tho rain through its timeworn seams, jaiid Peter took his place in a third-class carriage, shivering with cold, but rendered quite insensible to it by tho mental exercise of building a goldeu castle, the foundation of which was Johnny Twister's let-tor. Arrived in London, ho found liis now excellent nephew waiting to receive him ; but, had that worthy young man not acknowledged the uncle, Peter would scai-coly havo l-ecogiiissd Johnny. Tho diggings, porhaps, had done their work, aud left traces on tho nephew's face quite as marked as a long course of dissipation would hare dono. Peter generously saw in them tlio records only of hard fare, patient toil, and anxious watchings ; and for tho first timo for fivc-and- twenty years ho folded his sister's son to his bo3om. Our space will not allow us to linger over this touching reconciliation, but wo will at once introdueo Peter to the other fortunate adventurers of Quoenover. They were men of tho samo stamp as John Twister, but were dressed in tho red shirts and long water- boots which they had worn at tho dig- crino-s. Peter received a hoartv welcome. enhanced by a plain but plentiful repast which was awaiting his arrival. Some capital whisky-puncli having been browed by Johnny, the conversation became freo and friendly, and it required but littlo circumlocution on Johnny's part to obtain tho consent of his partners to show their treasure to tho undo, of whom they had heard him speak so fro quently when tho world lay, as it wero, be tween them. Ono of tho mon locked the door, and, taking a chair, placed his back against tho key-liolo. The others, with some difficulty, dragged from beneath tho bed a battered' portmanteau, which, being unlocked and un strapped, was opened, and displayod to tho gaze of tho gold-adoring Poter tho monster nuggot in all its auriferous beauty. Peter- clasped his hands in wonder, and then gently stroked the insensate metal as though it were sensible of his caress. He tried to lift it, but his strength was rrot equal to tho task ; and he had never believed, until that moment, that tlicro was any quantity of gold ho could not have carried. And tlron ho listened, with mouth agape, to tho wondrous story of tho finding of tiro monster- nugget. How the four diggors had worked and worked, until they almost despair ed, when Johnny hit upon this " reef of gold ; " how they released it from its native soil, and wrapped it in an old sugar-bag, and placed it in a secret place of the hole ; how they feared that their mighty treasnro might tempt- somo of tho unscrupulous diggors to murder them for their wealth ; and how they had hidden it in a wheelbarrow, rtndor empty tubs and straw litter, and then buried it beneath their rude diuing-table in their- tent until tho timo came to convoy their' precious charge to Molbournc ; how they kopt watch over it, day and night, for four days aud four nights, until arrived at Melbourne, they could speak without reserve of thou- unparalled success to tho wonder of all. They showed him whoro thoy had filed away a portion of the lump to assay the valito of the gold, and give him to keep — yes, to keep without charge — tiro molted produce. Tho nugget being carefully replaced aud the punch finished, Peter's companions retired to their separate rooms, tho honour of guarding tho nugget being confided to Johnny, as tiro original finder. When unelc and nophow were alone, Johnny locked the door, as his com panion had dono previously, and, to make themselves secure from observation, stuffed the keyholo with paper. Peter was somewhat puzzled by these proceedings until he rofiocted upon the value of tho charge confided to his nephew's safe keeping ; that worthy young mau had, howovor, his own reasons for tho precautions ho had taken. Carefully collect ing tho cinders and waste coal from the fonder, he built up the decaying fire, and seemed as careful of the fuel as his miserly relation could havo been. After a pause he said — <TTnr»l« cinr»ft T lnfif. snw Trrm T linw "f.1innnli much upon my past and future life, and I havo come to tho conclusion that you havo been always right and I always wrong." " Glad to hear it, my child ; very glad," ex claimed Peter. " Yes ; and so am I to say it. I have ar rived at the conclusion that, preach as they will, tho only real happy man is a rich ono, and I am resolved to be rich," said Johnny, emphatically slapping his knee. " Well, you are rich, though not very rich," observed Peter. " But I will bo, uncle ; I will bo ten times as rich before another yoar is over my head." " Doar mo ! How ? how ? asked Peter. " I shouldn't mind a partnership if you could make it clear." " That's it, that's why I sent for you to Lon don," said Johnny, in a suppressed tone. " You saw that," pointing to the portmanteau under the bed. Peter nodded his head rapidly. " It is worth six thousand pounds, and I found it ; had I been alone it would havo been mine, all mine, uncle Peter ! " " What a pity you had them with you ! what a pity we hadn't been together ! " sighed Peter, casting up his eyes to tho ceiling. " That's past wishing for now," said Johnny, in tho same subdued voice as before ; " but, if wo can't secure all tho prize, we may have the lion's sharo yet." " How ? how ? " eagerly asked Potor, draw ing his chair closer to his nephew. " When the nugget was exaniinod in Mel bourne," whispered Johnny, "it was thought to contain a third at least of quartz, which made it worth about throe thousand pounds. We, howovor, caused its value to bo stated at what yon saw in tho piece of Molbourno news paper I sent you. Since wo have been homo I was entrusted to get it essayed, and I am assured, from calculations nrado by tho gold- dealer, that if tho nugget wero melted it would pt-ovo to bo nearly all gold, aud worth between five and six thousand pounds. Now, unclo Peter, though I found tlio gold, I nocd not find the value for- tho benefit of others, the more especially as my partners aro rogues enough to deceive any one they eau for their- advantage ; so rnuelr so that, believing the Melbourne value to bo tbe true one, they would consent that you should believe it to be worth the greater sum." " Mo ! Why me f " exclaimed Peter. " Hush !" said the nephew, " speak low. Because they believo, from what I havo said at odd times, that you ruight becomo purchaser." " Me ! What do you moan ? I've no money. Can scarce keep body and soul together." "Uncle," said Johnny, rather sternly, "let tho timo bo past for humbug between us. Lot us speak as men who, having a common interest, havo at least common eonfidcnco in each other. I know you have money at your command, and I have tho moans Johnny pointed to the old portmanteau to double the sum yon may venture. That gold yonder is worth six thousand pounds : by purchasing it for £3500 my greedy partners will believe they havo done you when, in reality, wo shall bo the gainers of two thousand pounds at least." Peter was startled at the boldness of this proposition, and for some time could not bring his mind to contemplate suolr an enormous investment. Tho worthy pair- sat late into the night, lrowevor, and beforo they sought to sleep they had arranged a plan to accomplish their- projected villany. Wo havo no desiro to record tho lies and shifts employed to effect the bargain, but sure enough Peter Lackpenny and the monster nugget arrived together at Bastock on the morning of Christmas Eve, 185 — . Tho treasure was concoalcd in a largo packiug- ca'so, marked " Ironmongery,"- and the railway officials marvelled at the recklessness of Peter- in travelling with such an additional weight of luggage. Nor wero the good people of Bastock less surprised when they saw John Twister mid his uncle walkintr dowu tlio street apparently tho best friends in tho world. Nor was their wonder lessoned when, late in the evening, a bright light was seen shining through the window of Peter Lack- penny, and a cheorful volume of smoko wreathing from his chimney. Thero was a flrorus of voieos — strangq voices, too — chant ing tho burden of some wild drinking-song, followed by roars of boisterous laughter that shook tho old walls of Peter's dwolling, and mingled strangely with tho church bells ringing in tho advent of Christmas Day. Just before midnight a four-wheeled chaiso was brought to tho door, and Peter and his noisj- visitors camo out into tho street. Their parting was as boisterous as their carouse, and ended at last in their forcing old Peter into tho chaise to pay the toll of tho turnpike-gate which stood at tlio end of tho villago. In vain did Poter Lackpenny protest, and as vainly did I10 invoke tho intercession of his nephew, who only laughed at him, and said the rido would do him good. John Twister was tho last to leave the iiouse and mount tho carriage. Their shouts and laughter were still audiblo in the distance when a lurid light streamed from the half-closed door of Peter's house, followed by clouds of denso smoko, that climbed up tho wall and hung about the roof as though loth to depart. A crackling of wood, and more light aud smoko, and tho truth became evident. Peter's house was 011 fire. The old man returning from liis com pulsory rido was almost tlio first to discover liis misfortune, and tho few neighbours who had assembled to rondor assistance were terrified by his shrieks and frantic appearance. His first impulse was to rush into tire burning house, but tlio smoko and flame drove him back, and then kindly linnds restrained him. After awhile he becamo calmer, and a ghastly smile stole into his face as he clasped his hands and cried, " All, that cannot burn ! — that cannot burn !" Tlio neighbours thought him mad, and tho more so when I10 strove to provent their attempts to extinguish tho fire. " Nono enter hero !" ho cried. " Let it burn to the ground ! I am master hero, and will have my way. Let it burn ! — lot it burn !" There was something terrible in the sight of the spare form of tho old mau attired in his long duffel gown, his arms cast into tho air .and his long white locks tinted by tho lurid glare of tho flames. Tho roof had fallon in some time ; but from tlio centre of tho dwelling thero rose up at intervals long tongues of firo and columns of dark smoko that puzzled the bystanders. It was daylight beforo tho fire had exhausted itself, and Poter's home lay bofot-o him a mass of smoking rubbish. Yet tho old man kept up his unceasing march backwards and for wards, and so continued throughout Christmas Day, rejecting tho food his neighbours offered ln'm our! nnlv rmnrinliino liis thirst with cIggd """) - — j -x D — L draughts of water. Every now and then, as tlio night advanced, ho tried the heat of the embers, and at length, when tho moon had risen, and all had left him to keep his strango watch as he pleased, ho took a mattock from a shed which had escaped tho fire, and began to rake aside the ashes which covered the spot whence the tongues of flame and tho black smoko had issued so continuously. Ho con tinued this labour long after the villagers wero asleep ; and then many wero awakened by slirioks and moans, mado terrible by the stillness of the night. Some rose from their beds, and looked forth to learn the mean ing of thoso cries ; whilst otlier-s, more courageous or more compassionate, suspecting the truth, wont forth aud sought tho wreck of Peter's home. There they found the wretched creature on his kneos — now beating tho ashes with his hands, now clutching his scanty locks, and shrieking or moaning by turns. On tho spot he had cleared some metal glittered in the moonlight. It was not the gold Peter had purchased with the set-apings and plundorings of his life, but load — worthless lead, which his treacherous nephew and his confederates had moulded and plated to resemble tho precious lump found at Queenover. The biter had been bitten. Tho wicked sower had gathered his harvest of hemlock, aud the poison would destroy him. Yes ; a year — only a yoar — ho mourned his departed gold, and then he died. No wonder mine host of tho White Hart declined the custom of Johnny Twister. THE PLEASURES OF AN EDITOR. "What ! Buy tho Morning Roarer and edit it ? Not if I know it, thank you. Yon don't seo why I shouldn't ? Well then let me tell you. I'd rathor turn brick maker, coallicavor, wood cutter, fencer, ditcher, anything rather than turn editor again.'.' Bumptious, littlo man, was excited ; his small dark eyes glittered liko a ferret's ; his hair, short, wiry, and red, at tho best of times grew upwards instead of downwards, and looked like the clipped inaiio of a horse ; now it stood fairly upright, brist ling with excitement, like tlio hair 011 the neck of a Scotch terrier when ratting ; it plainly said, " No, sir, you can't imposo upon me — it won't do. I can't allow it for a moment." It amused me to draw him out, and so I asked him, why not ? " Why not ! Do you know what sort of mau an editor must bo, and what sort of life I10 loads ? No ! Then listen. I11 the first place, lib must bo an encyclopedia, lie must know- everything. He's 110 nso at all if' ho doesn't. Nothing ou earth, in tho air, sky, ocean, or any other corner must bo strange to him ; literature, arts, sciences, manufactures, industries of all kinds, must bo at his fingers' ends. Ho must be an actor, sculptor, engineer, doctor, lawyer, and politician, and able to criticise and damn tho lot of thorn. He must know everyone ; who's born ; who's dead ; who's dying, anil who's going to die, and who's going to bo born. Tho only tiling lie's not expected to know aro such trifles as home, peace, quiet, comfort, and his wil'o and children. He must never want any sleep, but treat it as a delusion and a snaro ; and as for dinner, no man is fit for an editor who cannot make his Sunday's dinner last him tho week. Bo an' editor indeed ! Ugh, tho idoa is lrorriblo 1 Pass the wine." After viciously cracking a few walnuts Bumptious resumed ; " No, Frank, it won't do ; it's a dog's lifo with a dog's payment. A man's temper must bo angelic. Ho must rather like being called a liar and scoundrel than otherwise. Ho must stnilo at all scurri lous salutes from angry correspondents. Then the actual work — yoii'vo 110 conception of it. It's the old story over again — making bricks without straw. Take Dullpatc's speech and report.it: You've first to put it into shape, stitl'en it with argument ; supply it with gram mar, cut out tho twaddle, and make it in telligible, and next day Dnllpato calls aud blackguards you for not reporting him verbatim. Of course such a charming interview clears your brain, and you sit down to your leador: .'ap, tap at your door before you'vo written hrce linos, and in steps Miss Felicia Warbler, 0 show you her little poem, commencing — das, my pet of many clays lias just dono dying, uid I, with bursting hcurt, must sit down cry ing. .nd so on for twenty elegant stanzas, which ho thinks will fill in nicely tho corner of your ixcellcut paper.. Yon must not offend liur — ho is a subscriber ; so with your best graco -ou assure her, regretfully, that 1 the taste of mr community is not sufficiently cultivated to ippreciato such poetry as hers ; so with an lir of interest, and without tho ghost of a anile, you must rccommeud lior to send it to 1 fr-iond of yours, tho editor of the Mndoille Magazine, who, 110 doubt, will bo delighted. L'lio lady gono you tackle your leader again — lorhaps a knotty point on some constitutional jiiestion — you wish to do it well, look up uithoritios, arrange your argument, and so on ; the door opens — ' Good morning, Mr. llcditor,' md in walks Farmer Mangold, an immense :urnip in his hand, which ho places 011 your tablo, to onablo him to draw from his lingo pocket one of tho largest, longest, and pro bably tho dirtiest carrots you over saw or wish to sec. By this timo your table is covered with specimens ol' ' Boglauds,' which Mangold wishes you to quote for its extraordinary fertility; he is going homo as soon as he can sell that dcsirablo farm. You bow liim out as cheerfully as your exhausted patience will admit, and find a devil waiting at the door. You know at oneo lio wants you. 'Copy' is written on his face.' I believo thoso imps enjoy tho tortures they put you to. They know as well as you do that you'ro not prepared — havo not a lino written; but your time is up — it's no use — satisfy them in sonio shape you must. In desperation you take tho scissors and cut out something, knowing all tho time that you will bo " over-set ' — anything to send away tho horrid spectre. I believo no man inoro fervently hates tho devil and all Iris works than an editor does." So saying, tho littlo man stops for breath, looks vacantly at tho decanter, and, in a fit of abstraction, refills his glass, and does not re cover his presonco 'of mind until it is empty again. As soon as ho does, ho takes another, and walks to tho fireplace. Finding him silent, I look up and say, "Woll, anything more ?" This starts him again. " More ! I tell yon, you people who quietly read your paper, aud cannot take your cocoa and ogg without it, know nothing about tlio labour — hard, continuous labour, wearying vexatious brain work — which' goes to the making up of that sheet which you idly scan, and then toss asido, with a muttered ' Nothing in it.' Bali ! Nothing in it ? It makes mo wild when I hear a man say this. Nothing in it ! Give that samo paper which you havo contemptuously thrown down to a man, say in prison, or anywhere away from tho haunts of men. Did M'Clure and his noble companions, frozen up in the regions of eternal ice, say ' Nothing in it !' when tlicy got a paper from homo ? No, indeed, tlio very advertisements teamed with life, intelligence, hopes, fears, and what is dear to everyone — nows from home. It mattered not what country ho cnllod home, or from what quarter of the globo I10 came, he was certain to find something to interest him, and for which, ho was thankful." "True old boy," I rejoined ; "but wo can't all go to the North Polo on a pic-nic excursion on purpose to enjoy our nowspapor. Poke tho fire, please." " No, I don't want you ; but I want to show you what a luxury a paper is, and like all luxuries, how it is mado up from the necessities and deprivation of others. Not ono in a thousand over thinks how much learning, care, labour, and ceasoloss industry is required to supply him with liis morning news, and fewer still of tho anxiety, worry, and comfort less life an editor has. Of course, much de- ponds upon tho character of tho mian and tho class of paper - ho edits. In tho largo offices there is much division of labour ; hut in mauy instances the wholo work of a paper, not mo- clianical, falls upon tho editor. When this is tho case, iflio is an honest man, with fair abilities, ho is anxious to do his work well, and then he really is one of tho hardest worked men in any calling of lifo. I know what it is, and shudder at the thought of again undertaking such a responsibility." By this timo Bumptious had cooled dowu. Wo puffed our cigars i3 silonco for somo timo. Bumptious was getting cool ; thero was no fun in him at such times. To stir him no again I said, " Politics must be a great relief to an editor." He rose immediately. " Politics,. ) si; , a relief! I toll you. an editor hates the ->.vy name. Ho sees so much of tho busune.-is, shiftiness, solf- sccking, aye, and posiiiu.-ly rightdown barefaced lying, that ho n>«.-:. bo disgusted. As business ho accopis i( of necessity, but it is ashes in his mouth. Ono day lie reports Mr. D. Rascal's speech at a public meeting. The noxt morning he ceo ,-ives a letter from that gentleman signed 1 Honesty,' exposing tho fallacy and clap trap 0!' hi- own outpouring. Whichever party suec--c;K ho wants a liillct, and anything lio Can do, say, or write to ensure success, he is prepared for. Doctors and lawyers aro commonly sa'.d to view difl'oront aspects of human nature. I think an editor sees as much as either, and will generally side with tho lawyer. No, sir ; depend upon it, polities improves no man ; they blunt his moral sensibility ; he has so often to compromise between the rig it and thoexpodiout that thoy soon become synonym ous terms." "No doubt, 110 doubt, Bumptious." T hroko in, "you'ro quite right. Chatham wns a humbug-, Pitt an ass. Halifax ir'mincd always 011 the winning side. Frank: n, too was just as unprincipled as tho rest . A nice lot, weren't they ? — all going in j'or ioif, as proved by the onormous fortuuos they .nude." "Don't chaff, Fred. God forbid I should mean that hundreds of good men havo not honestly and manfully worked I'm- their country, with no sordid ends 111 view ; but thoso aro exceptions. But I uphold H it, nono of your favourite statesmen wero m;. Aj hotter mon by following politics. You can t travel a dirty road without picking up somo of tho mire." "Well, don't proacli, and I wo-i't chaff. Howdo you got on with your correspondents J" " , "Wo seldom get letters that wo care for, or that will pay for tho timo and trouble of perusal and correction. We've plenty of oilers of assistance. One will, if agrocablo, send us a loader — on somo pet scheme of his own. An editor is often amused and some times angered, by the cool way in which somo one proposes to make a tool of himself and his paper. Tlioy seem to think he is a fool, and so I10 is if I10 remains at his post, ono day loiigor than he can help. So I must decline peremptorily, decidedly, .and most emphatically your obliging suggestion to buy the " Scandal I'own Roarer.' I don't mind hard work. I'm used to abuse. I've an average sluiro of brains, and moro than tho average want ol' cash. Yet I must want both in a greater ilugroo before 1 can ontertain any such pro posal. I am weak enough to havo a lingering rogard for my wifo ; and my children, bores as they are, are not distasteful to me. I know something of them now, aud what liomo means; aud certainly I am not prepared to give them all up for the pleasure of conducting a journal of small circulation, where the burden of tho work falls on tho editor." Count Bismarck ox Infidelity. — A number of interesting letters, written to intimate friends by Count Bismarck at various periods of his life, and containing his opinions 011 various political, social, and religious subjects, have just been published at Berlin. From 0110 of these, dated Frankfort, July 3, 1851, and written to his wifo, wo extract the following passage : — " The day before yesterday I dined at Wiesbadon, and a mixed feeling of melan choly and precocious wisdom looked upon tho scene of my former vagaries. I pray God to fill with strong and pure wine this vessel of my soul, in which tho champagne of youth 'effervesced, only to leave tasteless dregs at tho bottom. Wliero aro now and Miss ? How many are buried with whom 1 flirted, drank, and gambled ? What intellectual changes havo I gone through in the fourteen years which havo since elapsed, and how erroneously have I looked upon tho varying opinions of the moment as tho only correct ! How much appears 'small now that I oneo considered great ; how many f ilings do I now revere, which I then ridiculed! ITow many more leaves may bo destined to grow, flonrish, and doc-ay in the garden of my soul in tho course of tho noxt fourteen years, and what will 18G5 bo, if wo Jive to seo it ? I cannot " conceive how a man who retlocts on his lifo aud knows nothing of God, or wants to know nothing of Him, does not find lifo too dull an'd contemptible to endure. I cannot imagine how I got ou when formerly in this state. Wero I to drag on cxistcnco now without God, without you, without children, I might as well rid myself of lifo, as I would of a cast-off garment. Yet nearly all my acquaintances are living thus. Sometimes I set myself to inquiro what motives thoy can havo for living and toiling on, for intriguing and plotting, and can 001110 to 110 adequate conclusion. Do not infer from my scribble that I am in a particularly blaok mood. On the contrary, I l'eel as 011 a fine September day, when gazing ' upon the changing yellow foliago, healthy and strong, but with somo dash of niolanclioly, somo heimweh, somo yearning for wood, sea, desert, you and tho children, mingled with sunset and Beethoven." 