'nominations. ELECTORATE OF MORPETH. The nomination for the electorate of Moiyeth took plaoo ?t the hustings erected in front of the Court- hon-e, pt Morpeth. On the 16th inetant. Thero were from threeto four hundred persons present „ , ? ' Mr. J. B. It. Robebtson, the returning-offioer, began lbs bnsinesB bv reading the writ und-r which he had been SESff ? to recommending the electors to give tUIUUHBCU H- »; ? ? w ?II persons a fair hearing. a or. v.,—*. Mr. Oehan E. Middleton, J P,, proposed Mr. James Campbell as a fit end proper person to represent the elec torate of Morpelh in the nest Assembly. He said that Mr. Keating had acquired u certain facility in address ing pnblio bodies, but the gentleman e abilities in that line only Bnggested to hiB mind performance somewhat similar, of which creatures of a lower order than ram ha 1 shewn themselves capable. Ho had sometimes been astoniebed by the Bidden query, ' Who are you ?' and. on iwniiKr round he had b^pn greeted with the cry— 11 A bit of, bread for poor poll!' (Laughter.) Thar, he considered, was somewhat analogous to the position whton Mr. Keating occupied to-day. (Uproar.) »ai be become their enemy because he told lQB™ the truth? Hie private opinion was, ana no publicly expressed it, that Mr. Keating would be a, dis- grace to the electorate. (Cheers, aud cries of Sit do wn. ) It wonld be a disgrace to Mr. John Robertson to bavo such a follower. (Telle.) Mr. John Robertson bad done a great deal for the peou'o, I pig F'] If yon stole tiro P'ff, I would have jou punished for it. He would recommend the gentleman who interrupted hun to oure the pw, for hie bsnde were dirty enough ,0 'Poil anything. (Confusion.) But he must confese. -W the present moment he Hon. John Robertson appeared to him to be like a kite flying unsteadily to the right and the left, and perhaps that was whv Mr Keating was brought forward in the shape of lead to We tail. ['Where's the pig PI Wefhadthe records of the Court ogainet this gentleman who was cry ing cut abont the pig. Such waa hiB confidence in Mr., Campbell's character and pOBition, that be thought that Mr. Campbell would go in triumphantly at the heid of the poll, and that Mr. Keating would retire to hie £30 a year. 'A men he was to all the country dear, Surpassing rich at £40 a year.' (Laughter and dissent, in which one elector was conspicu caely prominent) There wse a miserable representative of humanity. A baboon waa far above him The gorilla from tho centre of Africa had more intelligence than that man. (Great noise.) Mr. C. B. Jaoueb (Mayor of Morpeth) seconded the nomination. Mr. Campbell was a gentleman of sound good cense, and better than ten thousand of those mouthing fellows who wasted so much of the time of the House to so purpose. ['Who broke FarrelTe fiddle?' and laughter]. „ Mr. Thomas Dick waa reoeived with three cheera. He begged to propose Mr. John Heating* who waa a atanch supporter of the Robertson Ministry. Mr, Keating a resi dence here for the last twenty. seven years, his ability, hu willingness to do good to the colony— [' And himself in par ticular '1— was known to me, and all of them. His earnest desire was, that Mr. Keating should be returned by them, and he believed that Mr. Keating would be a credit te Morpeth, and to the country* (Cheers.) Mr. Patrick M'Carboll seconded the nomination. Mr. Jamee Campbell Baid that he had been called a dummy, and here he was before them, not afraid to meet them face to face honourably, honestly, and like a man. (Cheera.) Although he had been said to be a dummy, he ventured to say that his opponent would admit that he ( Mr. Campbell) would say that he had told them quite as much as he (Mr. Keating) liked to hear. (Yells.) Howl as muoh as they liked ; but they would pot put him down, for he would stay here until 12 o'clock at tight first He had to thank them for the quiet hearing which they had given him hitherto at other places in the electorate, but at the same time it must be under stood that he had come here to express his opinions, and that he would not be put down. He cime forward in the first instance at the solicitation* of 350 of the elector* who had known his conduct for the last twenty-five years. He had been told that he had interfered with Mr. Keating' s private character. He bad never said a word against Mr, Heating's private character, bat he did intend to tell Mr. Keating that he was a candidate for a Government situation. He had the proof of it in his hands. (Uproar, and cries of *' Read it.') He would read it. He was him self an independent man, and he wonld not take a Government billet for £1600 ; he would rather' make that sum at his own business here than be a1 hack to any Government, or any set of men. He did not feel that it was the duty of every member of the House to ' speak, especially when we had such men a* Mr. Robert eon to do that; as Mr. Parkea— (Cheers and groans)— as' Sir James Martin. (Yells.) Hoot away! [,l He's a bad liisbman, like you and 44 We never knew his country.'*] But we did know hie country, and he was a credit to his country, end to any Irishman. If Sir James Martin never did anything for the working man in his life before, he did something when he had the Mint established at Sydney. [*' What about the Gagging Act ?'] Never mind the Gagging Act. He did not say that Sir James Martin had not committed errors; -bnt they bad been errors of the head, and not of the heart. When Sir Jances Martin brought in the bill, the diggers were only getting £2 6s. an ounce for their gold, f14 Who called the work ing men 4 howling idiots?*'] Had he ever done it? He came amongst them here as a very poor man, and, although he was working for only £60 a year, he was not afraid to stick up for his Iriah nationality. [4I You were pinned np to Parkee's tail.'l It had been charged against him that he had not given men fair play. He went to the trouble of having the minutes of our Board meeting ^-minified for the last five years, and he found chat the man to whom he was charged with giving the carriage was his greatest opponent on this occasion. As soon as this election was ever he should bear no malice against any man whether he voted for him or against him. (Uproar.) The Return iNO-OFfiCER : I know that there are only three of you making all this noise. Let Mr. Campbell ?peak. Mr. Campbell continued : Great opposition had been brought against him because he advertised for ^ a lot of pick ypd sbovel-men. [Shouts of 41 Yes you did.' ] Of course he did. And what a hardship to the poor man of Morpeth, it was, that he wanted to employ them at six or ?even shillings a day. He did not believe that there was a respectable Catholic in the district that would not ^record his vote for him to-morrow. (Cheers, and 44 What Ministry will yon support if yon go in ? ') He would support any Ministry which he thought would be beneficial to the country. He wonld make no promise. [' What made you support Parkes and Martin ?'*] Beoauee he believed that they were the best Ministry. That had been his opinion, and It was his opinion still. (Hear, hear.) He did not want to wheedle them out of their votes. He should be satisfied with the result of the polling to-morrow, whatever it was; hut be thought that he should be returned by a majority of abont one hundred and eighty. Be would not say & hard, word against the gentleman who now came before them more than that gen tleman's own written statements warranted him in saying, f 11 For shame!' That's ungentlemanly.' 41 Read the letters ! ' other cries.] He would give them the letters now, [4I We won't have them ! '] If they did not hear them, it was because they weTe afraid. He would make them stand there till 12 o'clock to-night. [4- Yon will be htrngiy !'] No ; but he was thirsty, and unfortunately he could not drink colonial swankey. (Hoo tings, and cries of «« Parkes and Martin.' ) There was no gentleman for whom lie had a greater respect privately than the Hon. John Robertson ; bat he dia net believe in that gentleman's pnblio character, and he did not think that he oould support ftim. At the same time, Mr. Robortson should have im partial justioe at his hanaBr [' We would not have a land bill jf jt was not for Robertson.'] He gave Mr. Robertson credit with every other gentleman for what he had done. £«4 Have yon joined Parkes ?'] He was unpledged to join I any man, and the only pledge that he would give them was [ that he wonld endeavour to do the best he oould for the I electorate end the colony. Vote for him or not, like men but he wonld not go in as a delegate. If his object bad been to get a billet, surely hemighthave gotone during the last five years, If they oould get a genti^g tottw 5 nalifled to represent them, ha wonla make room for him. 'he gentleman who came out aguinst him did so because he wanted & billet. (Uproar, and 'cries of 41 We don't want to hear it I ') But he wanted to give it to them. (» What was done with the money that was voted for the coal ?hoots ? ') £10,000 wsb voted, the coal shoots cost £6000, and the rest was returned to the Government. What more did they want ? (4- We want the coal shoots, and the money too ! ') They had got a great deal from the Govern ment. The very clock in front of he Court-house cost the Government of tho country £260. He hai also got them assistance from the Government duringthe time of the floods. (4I Keating had all the trouble ! ')' 'But Keating did not get the tin, (Laughter.) Now they wanted to near him read this. (Yellb and cheers.) Hoot away ! They should 'Morpeth, 15th Augnet, 1866. ' Sir,— As Mrs. Larrymoro departed tbte life at 10 o'clock this morning, I have taken advantage of an e&riy; application for the office; The billet would just suit me, and should 1 be so fortu nate as to obtain it, I will enter oa ibe duties with a determina tion to give every eatlefactlon. Unfortunately, I am not personally known to Mr. Docker, the PoBtmBEter-Gener&l; ; but if ysu would please to call upon bim on my behalf, there is a probability of my being eucccetful. I have forwarded my application, and referred bim to the liogistr&r-Gener;&l;, who has kindly expressed himself in the moet favourable manner &b; to the performance of xuy duties as registrar. It must surely he more appropriate to appoint eome one acquainted with the locality thai a stranger; and especially one who would take the greatest pleasure to attend to the commercial interests of the town. 44 1 am, Sir, your obedient eervant, 1 41 John Keitjho. S 41 James Campbell, Esq,' i Ho put it to Mr. Keating whether he should read the other tatter or not. [Mr. Keating ; Certainly.] Ho would give them the other one, which was dated five days later. (Great confusion.) c. 41 Morpeth, 20th August, 1888. bir-— X cm exceedingly obliged by your prompt reply, and t*g to suite that 1 wrb not aware Mies Larrymore had succeeded *rlWc^vc moT^bs aK°i °r I would not have made appli ..1 1 . T*~'~ formed me that he hud a tel gram. calling J£m 10 lake ch8rBQ 01 tbe Puat'Olllce. I therefore believed IrJ ® ™cunu Of courec it would be preposterous to apply DTafiiSi Tii' n^eBdy t-c';Upicd, I ttra already sorry thit I lo bl u viniei however, my app'ieurion oan diner of ^opp and lmusee wero lcl. I should not think 1 thlr.R to ili Si . thc u^3'' *lf® rents, it requires porno jp 'I am, dear Sir, your obedient servant, 1 ',un'C-ttPY,cll,E„.IM.l.A.» W.Ha. (The rending of the Utters appeared to excite great glss among eonte of the el-otora, sua intense disgust m aiming others.) He would now refer to the votes, which he hai given in Ihe Assembly, end to his reasons for voting to he had done. (' Have you gotuny oolonlsi wine P ) Yes ; Bomo very good. (Laughter.) The verV gentle.u-n whru! he bed offended most among them, were those who were hu; strongest supporters at the last eleotion. They had been; led to believe that, he voted against them ; bur. he had never given a vote that he did not think was for the best interests of the country. He hed been an advocate for religion in the sparsely populated disrnote of the or.lonv, and of Denominational education where the population Bllowrd of it. But he thousht that iu tho sparselv «ettlea districts it waa better to have one Publio goud school than three bad Denominational sohools ; one' qualified well-paid schoolmaster than three who were not properly qualified, end who would be starving. He oppo-ed: Mr. Parkes so far as lay iu his power, so long aa he oould; eave anything in the Ait which he thought was worth' saving in Dinoiuinstiouel education ; and he etii now that, in any district where we oould not get twenty-five ohildrenj to attend one Denomination^ Bohoel, the sooner we oould! get all denominations to make np their minds to live in pence end herue ray, end to have their children eduoated: together, Ihe better it would be ferthein and for the colony.; He looked upon that Act as the policy of the nation, and he' did not inteiid to interfere with it. But he did not c ire what denomination it was if that Act were not oarried' out fairly end truly, he would assist to upset, any id luoatiou' Board, whether it was presided over by Mr. Park-a or by! any other infln. We should have it administered faith fully and impartially. [Mr Cami-bell here stopped in hie, address, Hnd looked very intently at a man in the crowd. An elector: 'There is nob dy picking up atones.'] He had got his eye upon them, and he was not -afraid of them. [Mr. Middleton : 'May the hand wither that will throw a stone!'] He had fought the battle for tbem in reference to State- aid to religion, as he had premised, end he thought now that it wonld be a good thing if in the thinly-peopled districts of the colony they oould get ministers of tho, varieUB religions denominations to itinerate. It would be better for us to pay .ministers to officio* e in th,t wiy than to leave onr fellow- men without the solace of religion. But he knew that to revive the question of State-aid would be to do an injury to the friends of State-aid ; and he knew that if the Publio Schools Act were reopened again it 1 wonld be made secular altogether. If that Act were touched agHin, Denominational schools would be wiped out of ex istence altogether. Mr. Kobertsen voted for the Kducation Bill, Mr. 1* ureter, another of the Ministers, voted for that bill ; and he thought that, if he was not mi-token, they said they would prefer the Act being made perfectly secnlar. Another thing that he did, which wsb very un popular, waa to vote fer taxing the tea and engar a little extra. It might be said that on that o oca-ion he waa not the poor man's friend; but he knew well that the credit of the Government was at stake in the London market. If our credit went down in the great commercial emporium of Ihe world what should we be ? There waa not a man among them that wished to repudiate his just debta, either as an individual or as a nation. We had borrowed money enough already, but if we did not keep np onr credit what could we do, for we might have to borrow more. Rail ways hod been made out of borrowed money; and if it had not been for his friend Mr. Benjamin Lee we should not have had a railway here to- dav. The next propt eition brought in by the present Colonial Trea surer, Mr. Samuel, wsb a poU-tax. Mr. Samuel brought in a proposition that would have made every farmer in the country pay £'2, as well as 10s. for every man that he employed. Every greengrocer, every man who tried to make his living by keeping a small store or otherwise, would have had a license to pay. He never voted for that., and he never would. He might ba obliged to vote for the Stamp Duties which came out of the pocket of living men ; bnt unless he changed his mind, which was not very likely, he would never vote for legacy or succession duties. If a poor woman lost her husband, the usegeB of society exacted a large expenditure in the way of fun-rat expanses, and it was very hard that, at a time like that, she ehuuld have to pay legacy and euccesaion duties. He would never vote for making a young man who had had en industrious father pay £2 10s. per £100 at a time like that because his father had happened to earn £100. (Hear, bear.) When Mr. Robertson passed the Land Aot, it was thought to be perfect^ but nothing human waa exactly perfect. Mr. Robertson found that he wanted a Fencing Bill, ubioh would have compelled the free selector to fenoe in hie ground. Mr. Robertson lost his popularity ; and on that acoaunt he was beaten for West Sydney. Although tbey thought that he had beetl an enemy to the Catholic community, he would tell them what he did. He waB a member of the select oommittee appointed to inquire into the circumstances attending the loss of stipend to the Bev. D. M'Guinn, of Berrima. When the Act abolishing State-aid was passed the Rev. D. M'Guinn waa a clergy man of the Church of Rome. He did not want to speak disrespectfully of the Archbishop or of the clergy of that Church, for many priests bad been friends of his in the old country, but the Rev. Mr. M'Guinn lost his salary by enolhsr person being appointed in bis place. Mr. M'Guinn never knew that bis salary was passed over to an Jther person, until he sent his bank- book up to the bank, We carried the report recommending that Mr. M'Guina should have his salary restored by a majority of one, Mr. Robertson end Mr. Parkes voted againBt it, and from that day to this the present Ministry, who professed to be such friends of theirs, had never recognised the man's claim, bed never given him one shilling. Five years ago the country was overrun with bushrangers in the thinly populated districts. A man might ge ont from home in the morning and be brenght back murdered to his wife in the evening. He voted for the Treason Felony Act by which after a man was known to be a murderer he was outlawed, and was liable to be ahot down. Sir James Martin pro posed that law, and It soon quieted the oonntry. Another Act passed by that Administration besides the Public Schools Act, and which would sooner or later do more good to New Sonth Wales than any other was the Act to establish reformatory schools. We had only tried it in two cases, so far — in the oase of the Vernon and of the Industrial Schools Aot at Newoartle. [Mr. Dillon, M.L.A., was here driven up to the hustings, and his arrival was greeted with ' three cheers for Dillon,' and *' three cheers for Jack Robertson,' these demonstrations being followed by a feeble effort in the way of groaning.] He voted for that Act, the objeot of which was to take from the streets of the popnions towns and cities of the colonies neglected and fatherless children, and to educate them instead of allowingthem to grow up criminals. Was that an Act which they admired, and which they thought to be beneficial to the colony ? Well, that Act and others which were brought in by the Martin Administration, tended to make him believe that they were the best men to govern the oonntry, and he thought so still. (' The Treason Felony Act was a nice one, wasn't it ? ') That Act never did anybody any harm. Any man who could not in his heart and conscience say that he was under good Government, under the sway of Queen Victoria in this colony — if any man wasnot satisfied with hiB liberty in this colony, which he believed was the freest under heaven — (' Jim framed that to get Sir to his tail ') — he said that we could afford to let such a man go to where he oould fled a freer oonntry, and he wonld be a long time travelling. (Cheers, and ' He framed it for Fenians.') But you are not a Fenian. (' I am not far away from it, if I got a chance.'} The only subjeot on which his hands had been strengthened wss with respect to the removal of the punt which was engaged in deepening the river. Meetings had been called, a deputation had been sent to Sydney, and the consequence waB that the dredge was brought back. People said that he was adverse to a bridge over the river at HiBton. Ho was nothing of the kind. The Hinton in terest was his interest. He did not go into the House on the principles of Cheaterism. He took this opportunity of publicly saying that the Robertson Government had been as kind to the electorate aB had the Martin Government (Interruption,) Some of them forgot that the Postmaster General was beaten yesterday. (Confusion.) Mr. Egan was shut ont of paradise this time. (Laughter.) Another aot for which we were indebted to the Mwtin Ministry was the Municipalities Aot, al hough he admitted that that Act would probably have been passed whatever Govern ment was fn power. ['Well done Campbell, you're a gentleman^you are, yon look well yon do !'— oheers and gToans,] He saw that he was addressing ladies as well as geBtleffieil, f®4 allied them tc 'ive three eheqrs for the '-dies. (Cheers atSoordmgly.j Their preaehee shotfei tilit they took an interest in the election ; and if he oould only have them on his side, he should not oare a farthing about one of you. (Langhter.) We had made arrangements to carry the railway to Mnrrurundi, to Bathurst, and to Gonlbum, which were said to be the great wheat growing districts of the colony. He hoped that they would turn out te be so, and that we ehould not have to send to America for flour. His opinion was that we had gone deep enough into debt already, and that we went into debt too freely. Last year £20,060 waa voted to relay the line between Sydney and Parrametta,- which had already oest from £16,000 to £60,000 per mile, and on the Estimates for next yeer there was £25,000 more for the esme purpose. He did not wish to go into the fiaanoial statement of the Treasurer, but he thought that that, amongst other things, would shew how our financial affairs were shuffled up. ['Show us whet Parkes did with hie £70,000 or £80,000,' and 'What about the gagging Act ? '] Did Mr. Parkes try to gag any of them or the settlers on the Rawkesbury when they were overwhelmed by the floods ? He believed that they were perfeetly satis fied with the way in which Mr, Parkes acted then, and with the Administration which he represented. When Mr. Parkes went np the Hawkesbury for two or three days and nights, to take relief to the flooded out, did they ask him what hie religion was then ? (Uproar.) Give the devil, his due. Let them meet him at the polling booth to morrow. [Three cheers called for Mr, Campbell, end enthu siastically responded to.] He was aware that the mtj irlty of the aldermen were hiB supporters. [' Wh-re is the reptile ?'] You'll have him by, and bye. He did not wish to catch a single vote, and if his Catholic friends who iiail so long known and respected him did net choose to vote for hint, let Ihcra vote against him, (Mr. Dillon now left, and thiB was the signal for three choers in his honour.) Ho had bo'.n Accused of bring sn Oruntrt-uiun. He was Lbe last man in tho world that would introduce r - ligion into a contest of this kind, but be could not aff ird to be maligned. He would say that if he were en Orangeman he should nit consider himself e bit tho worse for it. Cut, since ho hoi been in tho colony for the last twenty-five years what ha) his con duct been P Let them look b ick end tell hitn whither he had over asked any man whom he enipl -yo i what his religion wab. [Mr. Middleton was hem under-t tod to siy something obout wife beaters, whonu ion 'tie or two indi viduals in tlie crowd became n, ore t x itod than they Wire before, end assailed tl.ut gentleman with : '? Come out of that you pig-headed scoundrel. I'll tear yiu limb fr -m 1 limb from the hustings, you mean dog. Mr. Campbell, that pigheaded 'dog is a diegraoe te you,' and some other expressions nut more complimentary] Mr. Middleton had always bees « particular friend of bis, and he looked upon that gentleman es being a credit to the colony.' ['He's no man to interfere between a than kltd hie wife.' ' You're a dog— you're a dog,' &o;] He had intended to give them another hour of it, bat hi! would nuw oonclude, ate be feund tbnt they were, like hlttiBelf, getting a little tot, witint. If tbsy eleoted bim it was without hiB making any promise as to bis future conduct. So lone as they elect, d him. he should be very much obliged to them ; bnt he should be satisfied with the verdict whioh they pro nounced to-morrow sight whether it was for or against bint. (Three cheers fur Campbell.) Mr. John Keating then came forward, and waa reoeived with cheers end groans. All through his electioneering nieetings he had stiid nothing injurious to the private cb-rncier of Mr. Campbell in the lesrot degree. Mr. Middleton tyho was Mr. Campbell's proposer, had undertaken to threw him to ridicule am much SB he could. [Mr. Middlpton: 'Not as much as I could.'] You are not telling the truth. Mr, Middleton first begnn by talking about the parrot and bis-hit of bread. Mr. Middleton haa to work for his bread quite aa much as biinselt, and looked quite as much a parrot ssledid. (Cheers) He could walk tho streets of Morpeth es well ss Mr. Middleton, although to wsb a J. P. (Cheers.) Mr. Middleton might assume that ho belonged to the upper cruet ; hut look at bie behaviour and his language, and say whether it was that of a genii- man or not. (Cheers.) He trod tukm a leading part in all things at Morpeth. Mr. Middleton had bien pleaaed to remark that some of them looked like gorillas; Lut any one who would liken hie fellow-creaturee to gorillas could not he very favourable ti hiB own species. Mr. Middleton had also said that they were like baboonB. That was a favourite word of Mr. Parkea. [Three cheera were here given for Mr. Parkes, they were followed by three groanB in recognition of the same gentleman.] Mr. Middleton told tbem that he had £10 a year. He had three times £10, end that was mere than Mr. Middleton had. Although Mr. Campbell spoke eo triumphantly of the Martin-Buchanan Administration, he had great plea sure in informing them that the Ministerial candidates were in the ascendant, and the clectnma bo far showed un mistakably that the Government would carry the away. Osborne, Lloyd, Dillon, and hie sincere friend Joe Eck ford, were returned. (Cheers.) Samuel, Garrett, Brookee— ['What about Egan?']-and the Hon. John Robertson were returned; Cowper, Macleay, and S. C, Brown were returned. [At this stage of the proceedings the electors took to cheering and groaning for each other in a most edifying manner.] Mr. Campbell bad anked whether it wee admissible to take up with the Robert son Ministry to get returned to-day— (Dissent) — end the reply was, ' Don't do that ; but you oan do as yon likewhen yougo in.' Now, be was going to point ont what Mr. Campbell bad done for the Fsrkee' Administration, He had joined Mr. Parkes in his factions opposition to the Government, which, but for that, would have carried the Immigration Bill, would have effected retrenchment, and given ub many other meaenree conducive to the general welfare. He did moet certainly complain thatany domestio quarrel that should unhappily arise between any of the members of bia family should be raked np here to injure hie election. He looked upon such en effort as being of the meanest and moat despicable character. (Cheers.) The religions cry had been raised BgainBthim ; and it had been circulated throughout the town, to his injury, that he had taken a seat in the Roman Catholic chapel, and had given money to the Pope. He wished to aBaert that he did not believe that Mr. Campbell or any one belonging to him was a etancher Protestant than bo was. (Cheers.) Bnt at the same time he would give liberty of religious exercises to any man — (' Well done ') — and he detested the man who would raise a religions cry and foster sectarian differences fur political purposes. (Cheers.) £10,000 had been voted for the coal shoote, and £6000 only expended, the rest being returned to the Government. He was satisfied that if we had had an energetic representative that money might have been spent in labour among the people. Sir. Campbell told them that he waa in favour of duties on tea aud sugar, and uf two Boards - f Education. He left them to jndge for themetlvee. He had sunk several thousands in Morpeth, and it wae in Morpeth that he, his wife, and his ohildren wished to remain. ('? They say yoa cannot keep your son.') He believed that his eon had the beet business in Morpeth, and was as well respected as any man in that town. (Cheers.) He hoped that he should never see the day when Mr. Partes' e Administration should have the helm of affairs, and he would use all the energy that he possessed to resist that. (Cheers.) Mr. Paikes hed professed friendship for Gtavsn Duffy and sympathy with Ireland, but be rtferrei them to the speech which Mr. Parkes made on Mr. Robertson's Immigration Bill, which wae a disgrace to the country. (Cheers, and ' Which, the epetch or the bill ? ') The very spirit of smbitiun and intolerance ruled in the heart of Mr. Parkea. (1 biee cheers were here luBtily given fur Mr. Parkes.) Mr. PerktB was not satisfied with being a member far East Sydney, hut hiB ambition led bim to go down to that electoral church-yard (cries about the ' Ghost ') and get elected there. There wae united with Mr. Parkea that celebrated individual, David Buohanan. (' That's the fellow to put the fetters en yon.') How was religions feeling encouraged in Moipeth? By that dirty infamous rag iho Lielor. He knew (omething about figures, and if returned he would take care that three millions uf muney were not borrowed. Dr. Lang delivered a celebrated lecture, and said that he huped that the people would see that our institutions were not Tipperary-fivd, and that New South Wales did not btoome the colony of the Pope. The religions cry had bten raised ; but waa it likely that Mr. Robertson, Mr. Forster, Mr. Samuel, or Dr. Lang would attempt to do that. He implored tbem to put their foot upon this improper influence. Mr. Martin had introduced una cumulative vote into the Municipalities Act ; and they oould now decide which was the most liberal— Mr. Cowper who gave them manhood suffrage, or Sir James Martin who introduoed the cumulative clauses. Let him ask them to give three cheers for Mr. Cowper. (Cheers aooordingly spiced with a considerable amount ot groaning.) In 1861 John Rshertaon introduoed bia Land bill, the free selection clause of which hed given homes to 26,000 people, or, with their families, to 100,000 ; and Mr. Robertson also showed in his speech that the sqnatters now contributed £260,000 a year revenue, whereuB before the Land bill passed they only contributed £90,006. He stood here as en honest man which, as the Buok said, was the handi work— the glory of God. The letters had boon read ont here this evening. They were well written, well ooa etructed, end he wee not ashamed of tbem- The fact that he wrote for a situation was not unbecoming, if he felt that he could fill it, ['Bnt you might have let the breath go cut of the old woman first.'] It regained oompetenoe to fill a situation. He should be glad if Mr. Campbell would have the lettere framed and glazed. For the laBt twenty five years he had written thousands of letters for others, ae well as for himself. (' And got paid for them.') He wrote 600 letters as secretary to the Floods Relief Com mittee, for which he never received a friction. If he were competent to write a good letter, it was worth half-a-crown to do it. Ten years ago he offered to take shares if a company were formed, to get a drawbridge at Hinton, and if the Government would give a lease for a oertain number of yeare. He thought that he was entitled to stand beside Mr. Campbell, and aria them for their suffrages. If returned, he wonld, at the end of twelve months show chat he wae no disgrace to Morpeth, he would xxot take a billet, and he would resign if requested to do so by a majority of the electors. If the town were polled, it would be seen that Mr. Middleton was only nineteen- ttventieths as good or as popular as he was, and it wonld be better tor that fentleman it he weretobe scraping up hie hay at Phoenix 'ark. He thanked them for their quiet hearing, and hoped that when they went to the poll to-morrow they would use all the energy that they could to put the ma jority on his aide. (Cheers.) He moved a vote of thanks to the Return ing-Cfficer ; and, after celling fer three cheers for that gentleman, three oheers tor Mr, Dick, and tor two or three other perBone, he retired. The Retubning-Officee called far a show of hands, which he declared to be in favour of Mr, Campbell. Mr. Keating demanded a poll. Cheers fur the Retnrning-Offioer, for the candidates, and for the Queen, closed the proceedings. 