THEATRICAL CRITICISM. Onr theatrical gossiper, the " Lonnger" has incnirod tho reproof of Mr H. Collier. Two things aro complained of by this gontlomnn — one, that soma in Dunedin have supposed liim | to be tho writer of tho criticism on Mr Sim- mesas; tho other, tho criticism itself. Tho mailer has beon handed over to tho " Lonnger," sad appended is his roply : — To the Editor of The Evening Herald. Sin, — In my contribution on theatrical gos- j lipinserled in yonr issno of 291h May last, I intimated that Air James Simmonds enacted Ihe part of Bermudas in " Under tho Gas light," before H.R.H. Prince Alfred, on tbo occasion of a royal visit to tho Princess Theatre, Dunedin, Now Zealand, and I lur- thar proceeded to show how peraietuntly in times past Air Simmonds farced himself upon an unwilling Melbourne audience. I find that tho tiuth ol my remarks havo beon hkon exception to iu a lotter to tho Otayo Daily News and published in their issuo of tbo 9th Juno. Tho writer of tho lotter is Air Henry Collier, who some Bliort timo sinco left I Melbourne to fulfil an engagement on tho I Dunedin gprcss. Air Collier attempts to do- fend Air Simmonds from charges I never made against him. With yonr permission, Sir, I will vety enmmarily deal with Air Collier, tha alpha and omega of whose lotter is that ho Bhould be relieved of the imputed authorship of tho para graph alluded to. It is, indeed, craol and usjnst on the part of n porlion of the in habitants of Dunedin to attribute tho truthful remarks mndo by mo to a gentleman possessed ol such a nice sense of honor, matured jadgo- I mcnt, great discrimination, delicacy of feeling, .and gentlemanly demeanour us Mr Henry Col lier, whose critioiems, whilo conneoted with the Melbourne press, wero so devoid of " pettiness ot malice," and who displayed such ability and I fairness, as to moet with even tha approbation I oi Mr Walter Montgomery. Mr Henry Collier, I yon did not originate or write this paragraph. I With regard to Air James Simmonds, I assort | that every lino written by mo is truo. An I appeal for tho opinion of ninety ont of ovory I hundred is that Air Simmouds is a very I vulger nctor. On this score alono did I allude I to Air Simmonds. In Mr Collier's Iett r he I raye, » I lmvo frequently heard it complained I tkiR he, Mr Simmonds, did not perform as I ouch as his admirers wished." I, who havo I had as much to do with theatricals as Air I Collier, novcr heard any other opinion than I that Simmonds ought to appear an the stage I only behind tho curtain, and actors and I actrcBaes wero of opinion that he should not I even appear there. I should supposo that tho I latter portion of Mr Collier's letter was written I alter nn oyster snppcr, it is so sapremely I ridiculous. " Ono thing I havo never been ""'v io acknowledge, ond that is, that Air I aimmoads is ono of the most competent I Managers Melbourne ever has ever seen." I now. Sir, I will draw my idea of I _ ® competent manager." Mr Barry btuhvan, ono of tho clovorost actors and managers Melbourne Iiob over seen, was his ojtu acting and stugo manager, gavo us cxcol- «nt acting iu his own person, gathered round aim a splendid company, played tho best pieces obtainable, made tho "ghost walk" regularly f.Tcr? week, i e., paid his actors twenty shil- wiga in the ponnd ; tradesmen, printers, and 7eryno having business with tho theatre, at I M 1lmo rn'' nnc' was a man wlieso word was »» bond. _ This was a competent manager. j, ® -"o Simmonds say ho has dono either of I ik„ |'1.ron6hont his managerial career ? Is 9 . getting up of an " Art Union" in con- 9 man a W''k "10 Mdbourno theatres under his a Jfegetnont, for which largo' sums of money I 9 a,, received, and which never camo off— is m l< 1 'ay, a criterion of a competent M sa-??.?01 7 , "W"onld any " competent" manager M in ll !Q ' B p'sc® by ntteuiiit .iV. principal oiiaractef (comic?) himself, 9 ortiil11®, ,®®tnrs infinitely his snporiors to m Li , own nity? This has Mr Sim- M it.i. , 8" 'i-booo seem to bo tho only snb- ::1 „ Present worth answering. I may, how- g,i ' Mr James Simmonds that Mr i van In Geclong. Mr Simmonds is -fl G,f, 11 known in Victoria, in Molbonrne, deal,, ni' r?llarat, and Sandhurst, tho resi- '1 it thew t localities would not ho annoyed ? IncrmM -er "SS"1 bis name mentioned sgain. a teen may state that my motto has II even n f 8haU,b.e' ' ' isMless, but truo," and that ill isj T„® oOBhmod efforts of Henry Collier In 'PeeklnA CSi ?'mmonds will not prevent mo 1 lEB what I know to bo the trnth. |9 THE LOUNGER. 