ADDRESS OF HIS HONOR SIR REDMOND 1 BARRY, ON THE OPENING OP THE FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY OF BALLARAT EAST, ON 1st JANUARY, 18G9. The following is tlie address prepared by Sir Red mond Barry for delivery at the opening of the Ballarat Free Library, on Friday last:— Mr Mayor, Ladies, and Gentlemen,—It is to me a source of unmixed pleasure, the enjoyment of which "will not be limited to the fleeting hour, to have been honored with an invitation to assist to-day at the opening of your Free Public Library. To havo been associated with you, Mr Mayor, and your respected colleagues of the committee on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of this build ing was a compliment of which you may believe mo to be ever duly sensible. To eee your enterprising labors brought to completion in so short a time, in a Btyle which contributes so satisfactorily to the archi tectural embellishment of your town, to be received in a chamber so spacious, so commodious, so well stored already with so many books, chosen with such creditablo discrimination, is gratifying to me in the extreme. You will allow my thanks to precedo my warmest congratulations. In a town so pre-eminently remarka ble for industrial vitality as Ballarat, where each day brings to light new projects, blazing forth enticing share lists in companies with limited liability for the exploration of exhaustless mines of incredible richness, this goodly assemblage betokens a healthful condition of the body politic. Here, where wc closo with full hearts tho volume of the departing year, in which are inscribed our sor rows and our joys, when about to enter into new vows of conduct for the year now dawning on us,theperform nnce of a work of this kind, which promises no golden dividends to swell a bank account, deserves to be regarded with the respectful admiration which it com mands. We may feel that your aims are for sometliiug higher than tho mere accumulation of tho " Yellow, glittering, precious gold,"—that you know the right use of what has been so bounteously bestowed on you. _ This is indeed an interesting interlude in the ex citing turmoil of your week-day existence. It is an interval of graceful repose in the drama of toil burdenod life. When, therefore, on an occasion such as this, we can abstract our minds from the ledger and the desk, and expatiato on things outside the verge of our immediate affairs, wo may, by a natural train of rea soning, arrivo at the conclusion that the promotion of tu). object such as this is one of the most useful forms of development which the well-directed intel ligence of your community could assume. For there is perhap3 no feature o£ society of the age in which we live more strongly marked than tho great desire for knowledge of every kind which pervades all classes. Tho appetite for knowledge increases as it is partially gratified, and the gratification of it, instead of leading to satiety, makes it more voracious,—yet more dainty, and ever clamorous for a, higher order of food. Happily for vis, tho controversy as to the expedi ency of confining learning to the rich, and the imprudence or impolicy of entrusting it to those in the humbler walks of life, supposed unable to under stand or make a right use of it, is now closed—to the entire confusion of those prophets of evil conse quences, which it was predicted must flow from edu cating tho masses. Many of us can recollect the lamentations of those alarmists of tho old school, and it seems strange that the race of apostles of ignorance was not elTeetually silenced, and for ever, by the pregnant sentences of Archbishop Cranmer, uttered more than three hundred years ago, preserved by his biographer (Strype, vol. I., 1>. 127). Your indulgence will allow me to transcribe them. In the year 1510 a change was made iu the Cathedral of Canterbury, and prebendaries, canons, choristers, and scholars were substituted for monks. A question arose as to the election of scholars, and soir.e of the commissioners, amongst whom were the -£u-clibishop, Lord ltich, Chancellor of the Court of Augmentations; Sir Christopher Hales, the King's Attorney- General; Sir Anthony Scntleger, would have none admitted but sons or younger brethren of gen tlemen. Aa for husbandmen's children, they were more meet, they said, for the plough and to be artificers than to occupy the place of the learned sort. Whereupon the Most lleverend 1<"ather the Arch bishop, being of a contrary mind, said—" He thought it not indifferent so to order the matter, for poor men's children arc many times endued with more sin gular gifts of nature, which arc also the gifts of God, as with eloquence, memoiy, aptpronuuciatioii, sobriety, imd such like, and also more apt to apply their study than is the gentleman's son dulicately educated." Hereunto it was upon the other part replied— " That it was meet for the ploughman's son to go to the plough, and the artificer's to apply to the trade of their parents' vocation, and the gentleman's children aro meet to have the knowledge of government and rule in the Commonwealth; for we have as much need of ploughmen as any other sort, and all sorts of men may not go to school." "I grant," replied the archbishop, "much of your meaning herein as needful in a Commonwealth ; but yet. utterly to exclude the ploughman's son and the j.'oor man's son from the benefit of learning, as if they were unworthy to have the gifts of the Holy Ghost bestowed upon them as well as upon others, is as much as to say that Almighty God should not bo at liberty to bestow His great gifts of grace upon any person, nor nowhere else, but as we and other men shall ap point according to our fancy, and not according to His most Godly will and pleasure, who giveth His gifts, both of learning and other perfections in all sciences, unto all kinds and states of people indifferently. . . . . Therefore, if the gentleman's son be apt to learning, let him be admitted; if not apt, let the poor man's child that is apt enter in his room." If such admirable, such large-souled sentiments ought to regulate those to whom is confided the direc tion of the primary tuition of youth, are we to tram mel by vexatious prohibitions, by restrictions expen sive, cumbersome, and useless, the government of institutions like these, intended for men responsible in every sense to every agency recognised as affecting the societv in which thev move ? Nevertheless, there still linger in existence timid philanthropists, perpetually alarmed at the seductions, as they call them, from honest labor presented by public libraries, who condemn the freedom of admis sion, the honorable confidence reposed in readers, and lament the inducements to waste time in the perusal of unprofitable, trashy books. AVe might meet the first objection by the sober en quiry if it be true ?—if it be the fact that men, who call readily earn from six (G) to sixteen (1G) shillings a-day, are indeed such bibliomaniacs, and whether they do throw up or avoid engagements from which they derive support for themselves and their wives and families (if they have any) to become such ill timed students ? Now, if there ever were a country in which this ob jection is inapplicable, it is in this. The hours of labor reduced to eight, leave to artisans, tradesmen, and other dwellers in towns a very large portion of the remainder of the twenty-four virtually unoccupied. The high rate of remuneration for every kind of labor places within the reach of all, means to indulge in the sensual excesses so destructive to health, strength, and reputation, temptations to which are so numerous on all sides. How is this leisure to be disposed of? In the public house? the singing-hall? the dancing-saloon? which hold out seductions somewhat more dangerous, raethinks, to honest labor than those presented by a library; or in listless inaction, in weary unoccupied solitude? That cannot be. While man is a social animal society he must have, and better a thousand times that he should seek relief from the tedium of unemployed hours in the improving conversation of worthy authors, dead or living, than in the debasing, brutalising communications from which it is so diffi cult otherwise to escape. We may well rejoice, then, when we see a room such as this filled with attentive and refiective readers. And when we occasionally recognise at an unusual hour in the day-time the well.known face of nn habitual evening visitor, we may feel assured with out inquisitive intrusion upon him for the cause that he can supply a reason which rellects upon him no kind of discredit as a deserter from his necessary avo cation. Inspecting the freedom of admission, it seems not only ono of the most unreasonable of objections, but singular enough to say, it is onlj' to be heard of in this land of wide equality. Elsewhere it is made matter of astonishment and of envy that a people whose time is supposed by those ignorant of our real position to be altogether engrossed in the pursuit of wealth, relieved only by periodical political convulsions, can neverthe less expend £70,000 in the erection of a Free Library in its metropolis, and place 47,000 volumes of choice and valuable books at the disposal of 200,000 visitors in the course of one year. You will not object to hear the terms in which we are spoken of in a country the circumstances of which resemble in many particulars thoso by which we aro surrounded. The extract from the loth annual report of the Mercantile Library Association of the City and County of San Francisco, California, 1868:— "As a specimen of what a young population can do, we refer, almost enviously, to a catalogue lately re ceived from the Melbounio Public Library. It is true that that establishment has a wealth created by government munificence; but an institution upon which, for building and books, the amount of over half a million of dollars has been expended during a period of ten years, in addition to all that single generosity and effort have performed, might well make us jealous of the reputation of our entire State for intelligent generosity." Some abuses of the privilege of free admission may be easily corrected by a firm adherence to your regula tions. If your visitors will not qualify, by a decent attention to their persons, by respect for the feelings of others in abstaining from habits which offend a-'.iinst delicacy: if they will not conform to the rules of behavior prescribed for their comfort and con venience as well as of those around them, they cannot complain if they arc excluded from these walls; if they disregard your right of (property and steal your books let them bo punished as they deserve to be, and let those who have the management of these institutions consider well whether they cannot devise some means o£ holding up to public reprobation, and o£ meeting out exemplary and ignominous chastisement to those guilty of a more insidious injury than open theft of a volume—those who cut out paragraphs, or articles from scientific works— no common men these—that they may earn some imaginary triumph in a newspaper correspondence by the exclusive possession of what has been gained through the disgraceful aet of felonious plagiarism of double dye,—of the author's ideas,—and. of the vehicle through which they are promulgated—who with a selfish meanness more dastardly still excise prints and illustrations from rare books, which it is impossible to replace here. Against such men, who have not the poor excuse of the hypocrite pretending poverty and extenuating his petty larceny under the subterfuge of the want of bread, it is most difficult to be prepared, however constant the vigilance. Still, although a few representatives of this most disreputable and odious band of pilferers molest us occasionally, are all the honest and the true to suffer an abridgment of their just rights in consequence of in discriminating suspicion including them in the criminal class ? Let me presumo to answer for you —emphatically No !—certainly not. The rigorous visitation of the law and the universal execration of all insulted by such conduct will suffice. Meanwhile let the innocent remain unscathed by the imputation. i The insinuation of the waste of timo in the peru sal of unprofitable, trashy books must be met also by the enquiry—What does the expression mean? It is not to be presumed that those honored with the management o£ this institution could bo so des titute of acquaintance with the calibre of mind of the public for whom they cater, as to allow its shelves to be occupied with such works. From my inspection of them, careful and scrutiniz ing, it may be confidently asserted that of the five thousand volumes, the use of which is so liberally offered to the public, there is not one of an avowedly hurtful character, while very many of the highest order of usoful literature are by their costlincss alto gether beyond the reach of the vast bulk of the read ing population. But why this indignant crusade against classes of works at the least harmless and entertaining, even though their aim may not openly be that of positive instruction in some particular branch of abstruse learn ing or favorite doctrine ? Men's minds are not cast in one mould—what charms one may repel another—nor is one man's mind at all times in the same frame. It will vary as the cloud of adversity lowers over him, or the sun shine of well-being smiles upon him. It will vary with the tone of his bodily health. Of the men who will avail themselves of the privilege of admission to this library many will have been educated at different schools, in different countries, under different habits of thought; many may be self-educated: all are not approachable through the direct avenue of cold, stern reason. Variety must therefore be provided. It is a question, moreover, whether the cause of religion it self, of temperance, or of any other virtue which it is desirable to inculcate through secular channels, can be most effectually promoted by tendering to all readers alike, under all circumstances, and at all seasons, works exclusively devoted to the treatment of those subjects and of none other. As the Itov. Henry Allon informs us:—"When the excellent John Wesley was told that one of liis preachers made it a boast that lie never read any book except his Bible, his reply was, " We may expect to hear that lie will soon cease to read that." Persons of wavering religious principles are not always to be captivated by a tract. Those who par take too freely of intoxicating drink are not usually allured by a llechabite lecture. AVhereas works pro fessedly on other topics which under the garb of fiction, narrative, or description, introduce sound doctrine, moral instruction, or persuasive argument may win the attention, and operate more powerfully on the mind of the materialist, the indifferent, the libertine, or the drunkard, than austere volumes for which, at the outset of their studies, their minds are not fully prepared. AVith some it is customary to speak in disparaging terms of the cheap literature of the present day. Here, again, discernment is required, for it is only to Beotian dulness or to culpable prejudice that a sweep ing condemnation of books of that nature can be ascribed. A vindication of the merits of (what are termed) " popular works" is not called for now, but the zenith and the nadir are not more far apart than the vile trash and ribald effusions given forth by those who trade upon the ignorance and licentious propensities of the vulgar, be they rich or poor, and the books carefully prepared with a sacred regard for the moral edification, as well as the material instruction of the people. A bare allusion to the name of the fervid veteran Brougham and his zealous coadjutors, o£ those of Her soliel, Airey, Whewell, AYhately, Brewster, Ue Morgan, Lindley, with a galaxy of fine spirits who liavc ren dered intelligible and familiar sciences previously sealed to the majority of the present generation, as well as of those of Constable, Lardner, Chambers, Cassell, and a host of enterprising compilers and pub lishers who have devoted their lives and employed their capital in giving circulation in cheap form to the choicest standard writers of'past ages, and to the pro ductions of the pen of the modern historian, philoso pher, traveller, economist, and moralist, should suffice to put such detractors out of court at once. "Why, then, this insatiable desire for superintending the studies of our guests? The majority of mankind wiil not become painful students, and are we to at tempt to make them all philosophers? There must be hours of relaxation; these must be recruited by what relieves the mind from the stem exactions of business. Prurient tempers may skulk to gloat in private, unobserved, over base and impure thoughts perpetuated by a prostitution of the talents destined one might imagine for a more decent use— but those who come here to read their own books, provided for them by the prudent dispensers of pub lic funds, require no screen to hide their studies from the broad diylight of the public gaze. Are they then to be dragooned into a formal course of compulsory self- improvement? Books free from demoralising or dangerous principles are supplied, let them be used without interference or dictation. In physical life nature displays a marvellous facultj7 for assimilation of what is wholesome and nutritive, and for the rejection of what is baneful to the system. There are few well regulated minds iu which a similar compensating principle is not to be found. Though it be doubtless true that people cannot be much wiser or better by acquiring a vague superficial smattering of knowledge, we may give our readers credit for common-sense,—we may rest assured that they will not select for study what they cannot under stand. What you liave collected for them here will do them no harm, and, unless their perceptions he woefully blunted and perverted, must do them good. And finally, without descending to recrimination, it might perhaps be affirmed that the truly unprofitable, the mawkish, the falsely exaggerated style of writing o£ modern times is found rather in private reading clubs and societies, on the tables of drawing-rooms— possibly in the holy places of such censors, than on the shelves of our free public libraries. What, however, may be asked is sought by you be yond making provision for the recreation, ov self-im posed instruction, be it light or grave, as caprice may ali'eet them, of thoso who may frequent this hall. Your aspirations must be seriously misapprehended if it be assumed that no higher motive be yours than that of entering into sentimental opposition with a gin-palace. This work which you have engaged in should be acknowledged to bo a pliilisophie recognition, and a faithful discharge of that obligation which not merely binds those whomaybepermitted to moveforafewmore short years within the direct influences of this institu tion, but which links the past with the present, the present with the future, and completes the chain of eternal time. It is a trite saying, that Australia has no history. "Whether uttered in disparagement or commisera tion is immaterial, for ill either sense it is equally 'in sound. It disregards the principles which should make the history of man embrace all common to humanity, and dwarfs it to the dimensions of a parish register. If unmindful of the lofty sentiment of the Roman poet—" ' Homo Sum,' humani nihil a me alienum puto"—(Tcvence llcaut, 1,1, 25)—it be uttered in the former spirit, are we to be divorced from all that con nects us with the countries from which we have come ? True indeed it is that in contrast witli other parts of the earth the darkness of unillumiued human in tellect may liiwe brooded over this fair continent for an unusually long time, still history consists not of years or centuries, of Olympiads or Lustrums, but of events. That of our connexion with this land is not without its special interest. The history of other peoples has its eras of tedious infancy, insecure youth, wanton manhood, and help less old age. In certain periods, when the evil passions of mankind have been predominant, hi&tory; has been, —alas, too often!—stained with long accounts of de solating wars, undertaken either to enslave other nations, to tread out the embers of freedom, to gratify a lust for power, or to feed the appetite of bigotry, intolerance, or pride. Fortunately for us the pages of ours are as yet un sullied by such, records. But when the kindlier ele ments of a divine nature have been in the ascendant these have produced results which are perennial, im perishable, nay, reproductive, expanding into a growth which adapts itself to all ages, to every clime, to every new association of the human family. Thus we may apply the ever memorable words of Pericles in his funeral oration over his Athenian fellow-countrymen. " Of illustrious men," says ho, " the whole earth is the sepulchre, aud not only does the inscription upon columns in their own country testify to this, but of their greatness is found a monument in every land, an unwritten memorial in every heart." [T/tucid. 2, 44.] And uniting in a population bo composite as ia ours the qualities, the memories, the traditions—not of a single people, but of all which represent civilisation, formed, like that of Great Britain itself, of the sons of many soils, it may be said without presumption that wo have come into the possessionof our estateinthe full vigor of matured manhood, with, for our guidance, all tlie material advantages which the ripe experience of other nations in affairs social, commercial, scienti fic, practical, affords; and for our inheritance, all which in religion, charity, literature, and the arts cultivates, refines, and gives dignity to man. Have we not, then, a smile for such commiseration? In the migrations of ancient times the household gods and the statues of heroes accompanied the ad venturous wanderers. The Greek of Asia, of Africa, of Sicily, of Naples, of Marseilles bethought him with .a patriotic glow of his Homer, his ./Eschylus, Miltiades, Aristides, Phidias, orZeuxis. The Roman of Gaul, of Ger many, of Spain, of Britain, looked back with equal delight on those nimple and hardy predecessors who had scorned the yoke of kingly tyranny, and raised to its proud pre-eminence the power of the commonwealth. So in like manner our new compatriots, who enjoy with us the same freedom, engage themselves in the same toils, who are afFeeted by the like trials, touched by the like sympathies, have brought with them the revered names of their illustrious men, now common to us all alike, to bo enshrined amongst us with our Bacon, Shakspere, Milton, Newton, and the other countless men who have rendered Britain glorious. We may now have visibly before us the noble acts of patriotism, heroism, piety, and virtue, not of the the narrow area of our own Britain—fertile as it is in great names—but those which adorn the history of all lands represented amongst us. Wo may disown a heritage in the deeds 01 oppres sion, cruelty, and crime, which, local in their influ ences, may bo relegated to the spots in which they were enacted, and claim a purer, holier endowment in the love of freedom, of order, and self-respect—in all that is exalted, great, and good which antiquity has bequeathed to us. And where can the testimony of these virtues be preserved more suitably than in public libraries, free of access to all who esteem such recollections, who desire that their minds may be refreshed and their principles confirmed by intercourse with the great exemplars, in which " Conducted by historic truth, You tread the long extent of backward timo."—[Thompson.] In entering on the threshold of ivhich you feel con scious of the thoroughness of the poet's sentiment— " Tho place that does contain My books, my best companions, is to mo A glorious court, where hourly I converso AVitli the old sages and philosophers; And sometimes, for variety, I confer "With kings and emperors, and weigh their counsels, Calling their victories, if unjustly got, Unto a strict account, and in my fancy Deface tliein as ill-placed statues." —[Beaumont and Flctchcr.] And in which the copious stores of accumulated in struction which modern ingenuity, sagacity and dis cernment give to the world almost daily, find an appropriate place. As the eloquent Channing observes— " In the best books the best men talk to us, give us their most precious thoughts, and pour their souls into ours. God be thanked for books! they are the voices of the distant and the dead, and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages." Or in the quaint words of Richard de Bury— " They are the masters who instruct you without rods, without anger, and without reward. If you ap proach them, thejr are not asleep; if you interrogate them, they do not hide themselves; i£ you are igno rant, they do not laugh at you." So much for the past, gazed on by the hindmost face of Janus. Of the present, it behoves us to speak with diffidence and modesty. Voluntary immigration has, within the brief space of the third of allotted human existence, drawn together the majority of our population to these shores, retaining still the fondest affection for the scenes and associations of our youth ful days, but undepressed by the craving heart-sickness which weighs down the spirit and unnerves the energy of the exile. AYc are assembled in a country rich in all to encou rage and reward industry—all that can make life useful and respected—all that, under the direction of a wise and just Providence, can render man grateful, obedient, and contented—a country " Where nature pours her bounties forth "With such a full anil unwithdrawing hand"—[C'omjis.] a country of which appears to have been written with prophetic inspiration— " That no corner might J3e vacant of her plenty, in her loins She hutch'd the all-worshipped ore and precious goms To storo her children with." The opportunities presented to enterprise and con tinuously sustained exertion have not been disre garded; of this ample proofs are given on all hands. The activity displayed in our harbors and towns, in the conduct of rural operations of every de scription, crowned this year with an abundance unexpected, — the opening of new branches of manufacturing industry, established this to demons tration. But most conspicuously is it seen in your wealthy and flourishing city. As far, then, as material progress and success are represented by our labors, we may without unseemly ostentation compare ourselves with the other hardy children which Britain, the mother of nations, cherishes in her bosom, or gives to reproduce her greatness in her out-lying possessions iu the remote corners o£ the earth. How far we arc redeeming the pledges imposed on us by the opportunities which prosperity creates, and fulfilling the missions which each in his sphere of duty has to fulfil, is not for me to say. Beyond secular and temporal matters, it is not my province to lead you; but what a field does the sub ject of education embrace ? The vista through which the eye is led, from the hour of lisping infancy to that of adolescence, is broken by many an object which tho solicitude of parents and relations has caused to intervene. These have each their several uses, but they arc overleaped, and tho scene is closed by the edifice which crowns the view. The hall iu which the people combine to lay up stores of intellectual wealth, not provided for the amusement of amateurs and dille tanti, but of which all are invited freely to partake. If it may bo recorded of this generation that it pro vided means of education for tho middle-aged and the old, as well as for the young, it will have acquitted itself of one of the most burthensome debts which it owes to posterity. Of the arts which embellish life fostered under the sustaining influence of those who with cultivated minds and refined leisure can and will apply super fluous wealth to the development of genius, wo cannot yet say much—at these our hard worked community has not vet arrived. Not of poetry alone may it with trutli bo said— Vacua carmina mentis opus. The aphorism applies also to the kindred arts, her graceful associates. But they will come in due season to flourish with healthy natural vigor in a congenial soil, fostered by such a generous culture as that which has called into existence this building, and stimulated with such re markable success the foundation of this institution. Of the future it is not given to man to speak with cer tainty, yet the least observant cannot fail to be struck with the necessity to prepare for changes to come. Already, not far from two millions of European descent are scattered, literally broadcast, over Austra lasia. When community of interest and of feeling shall have welded these separate provinces into a con federation like the " Dominion of Canada," bolder views of internal as well as of relative and mutual duties must be taken. AVhat has been achieved by your generous perseverance—not yet accomplished in many an ancient city in Great Britain—may impose an obligation to emulate you and imitate elsewhere around us what you have done. Then will be acknowledged the undeniablo truths, that the education of man virtually begins when he arrives at manhood; that, however well he may have been prepared by initiatory training, it is when forced to wrestle daily with his fellow men iu business, in a profession, or in public affairs, that the value of that training, the weight and influence of his integrity and force of character will be tested; that to win eminence he must ever continue a patient and untiring student; and that to enable him to pursue efficiently that course in countries the circumstances affecting which must for some time be anomalous, institutions of this kind must be multiplied. It does not become me to detain you longer from participation in the festivities appointed for this aus picious day. The year 1S6S has closed happily upon you. 18G9 ojiens well. In the forefront of the good deeds calculated to make it memorable is the inaugur ation of your Free Public Library. Let me ask you to joiu me in hoping that in its establishment and administration you may realise the fullest measure of expected benefits and blessings, and beg that you will accept from me for yourselves my respectful good wishes. The Fouxdeu op Echdca.—The death of an old arid highly respected colonist, Mr Henry Hopwood, of Echuca, which took place yes terday morning, was announced on Friday night by telegram. Mr Hopwood was the founder of Echuca, having settled there about fifteen or sixteen years ago for the purpose of boiling down sheep. He erected the first hotel and store in the place, and by his energy and perseverance acquired considerable property. He established a punt and pontoon bridge across the Murray, planted an exten sive vineyard, from which he made some excellent wine, and did much for the general progress of the town. All the local public institutions were largely indebted to his aid. He was a kind-hearted and charitable man, and was generally beloved and re spected by the inhabitants of Echuca, by whom his loss will be deeply felt. His health had bean for some time failing, and on his return from Sydney about the beginning of last month, where ho had been on a short visit, he was taken dangerously ill with typhoid fever, to which disease he has at length succumbed. " King" Hopwood, as ho was familiarly named and liked to be called, will long be remembered on the Murray, and in the lower Riverine districts. His name will be widely recognised, as he has been resident in the coloru.es for nearly forty years. -Agej 2nd Jan nary. 