The Nobelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER XI. THE NEW TENANT BY THE LODGE GATES. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." THE new tenant by the lodge gates ! And it was Edwin Barley ! What could have brought him to Chandos ? Was it to look after me ? The conviction, that it was so, fixed itself in my mind with startling force, and I grew nearly as sick with fear as I had been when I was a little child. That he was personally unknown to the Chandos family was evident : it seemed a strange thing that he should come and plant himself down at their very gates as soon as I became an inmate in the family. Had he in some crafty manner made himself acquainted with my entrance to it the very hour it took place. Surely it must have been so. And he had lost no time in following. When once suspicion connected with fear arises in man's mind, or in woman's, the most trifling circumstances are allowed to con- firm it. Events, however unconnected with it in reality, accidental coincidences that have no rapport (I'm afraid that's a French word, but I can't help it) with it whatever, are converted by the suggestive imagination into suspicious proofs, and looked upon as links in the chain. It might have occurred to my mind—it did occur to it—to see that it was just within the range of possibility Mr. Edwin Barley's advent had nothing whatever to do with me or my presence at Chandos, that it might be wholly unconnected with it, and he ignorant of it and of who I was ; but I threw this view away at once in my fear, and did not glance at it a second time. Edwin Barley had come to Chandos be- cause I was there, and no power of reasoning could have removed this impression from me. All these years and he had never (so far as ap- peared) sought to put himself in personal con- nection with the family : why should he have done it now, save for my presence in it ? Thought is quick. Before Mr. Chandos re- turned to me from watching Edwin Barley out at the lodge gates across the road, I had gone over it all in my mind, and arrived at my un- pleasant conviction. Some dim idea of putting as great a space of ground between me and him as was practicable, caused me to rise hastily from the garden-chair and return in-doors. Mr. Chandos walked by my side, talking of various things—the leaves that were beginning to fall, the fineness of the early autumn day, the discontent of Mr. Nero in his new home at the farmer's—having apparently forgotten al- ready the episode of the intrusion. I answered in monosyllables, scarcely knowing what, my mind full of its new troubles. I had done no harm during my short sojourn at Mr. Edwin Barley's, in those long-past days; I had never heard of or from him since ; he had never, so far as I knew, inquired after me ; so why should I fear him now ? I cannot answer this : I have never been able to answer it—no, not even since things, dark and mys- terious then, have been made clear. The fear had taken possession of me, and probably seemed all the worse because it was vague and inex- plicable. Luncheon was on the table when we turned into the oak-parlour, and Lady Chandos ready for it. Hickens was uncorking a bottle of claret. "Harry, Hickens says that our new tenant has arrived," observed Lady Chandos. We were sitting down then, and Mr. Chandos did not immediately reply. Perhaps Hickens thought the news required confirmation, for he turned round from the sideboard. "The gentleman took possession last night, sir ; so Brooks tells me : himself and three or four servants. It is only a single gentleman ; there's no family. Immensely rich, they say." "Do you know who he is, Harry ?" pursued Lady Chandos. "I don't know who is, but I have just seen himself," replied Mr. Chandos. "He came in at our gates, deeming Chandos public property. I had to warn him off by telling him it was private." "What did he want ?" asked Lady Chandos. "Nothing, except to look about him. Had I known he was your new tenant, I might not have been in so great a hurry to eject him." "Oh, but, Harry, it was as well to do it. Better to let him understand from the first that we cannot have strangers entering here at will. It would not suit me, you know ; I like privacy." "That is what I told him." "I suppose you were civil?" "Quite civil, both of us—on the surface, at any rate. I did not take to him at first sight ; that is, to his looks ; and I don't fancy he took to me. There was something peculiar in the tone of his voice, and he eyed me as though he wished to take my photograph." "He did not know you, I dare say." "He said he supposed he was speaking to Mr. Harry Chandos. Perhaps he thought it discourteous to be warned off in that manner. Not that he looks like one to go in for much courtesy himself : there was an air of indepen- dence about him almost bordering upon inso- lence. This young lady, I fancy, was not pre- possessed in his favour." I had sat with my head bent on my plate, trying to seem unconcerned, as if the matter were no business of mine. The sudden address of Mr. Chandos turned my face crimson. Lady Chandos looked at me. "He—he is very ugly," I stammered in my perplexity. "Is he ?" she cried, turning to her son. "He is rather ill-favoured, mother ; a short, dark man." "What is his name?" "I don't know," said Mr. Chandos. "Not know his name !" repeated Lady Chan- dos, laughing slightly ; "and yet you accepted him as tenant !" "Oh, well, Dexter made all the arrangements. I did not interfere personally." "I think, before I accepted a man as tenant, I should make myself acquainted with his name," spoke Lady Chandos, in a half-joking tone, evidently attaching no importance to the matter. "Do you happen to have heard it Hickens ?" "No, my lady." "We shall learn it soon enough," carelessly observed Mr. Chandos. "A man may not make a less desirable tenant because he happens not to have a handsome face. Tastes differ, you know, Miss Hereford. Were we all bought and sold by our looks, what a squabbling of opinions there'd be !" The meal was nearly over, when a startling interruption occurred. Mrs. Chandos burst wildly into the room, agitated, trembling ; her hands raised, her face ashy white. Mr. Chandos threw down his knife and fork, and rose in con- sternation. "Oh, Lady Chandos! Oh, Harry !" came the words, almost in a shriek. "Do come ! She has fallen on the carpet in a fit—or some- thing. I think she may be dying !" "Excited again, Ethel !" observed Lady Chandos, the perfect calmness of her tone pre- senting a curious contrast. "When will you learn to take trifles quietly and rationally ? Who has fallen ? The white kitten ?" Mrs. Chandos did not like the reproach. "There's nothing to blame me for this time," she said, with a sob of vehemence. "It is Mrs. Freeman. She is lying there on the floor, looking frightful. I am not sure but she's dead." "Take care of her, Harry," said Lady Chan- dos. "I will see what it is." "Shall I go ?" he asked. "It may be better. You can stay with Ethel." Lady Chandos only answered by waving him back, as she quitted the room. Mrs. Chandos trembled excessively, and Mr. Chandos placed her in an easy chair. "Calm yourself, Ethel—as my mother says." "What nonsense you talk, Harry ! As if everybody could have their feelings under con- trol as she has— as you have ! Time was when I was calm and heedless enough, Heaven knows, but since—since—you know ?" "Yes, yes ; be still now. I think you might acquire a little more self-control if you tried, considering that excitement does you so much harm." "It weakens me ; it lays me prostrate for three or four days. I don't know what other harm it does me." "Is not that enough ? Where is Mrs. Free- man ?" "She is in my dining-room. I will tell you what happened. We were at luncheon —that is ; I was, for she sat by the window, and would not take any : she has complained of illness for three days. 'I think you might eat a bit of this fowl,' I said to her; it is very nice.' Well, she made no answer; so I spoke again. Still she said nothing, and I got up to look at her, wondering whether she could have dropped to sleep in a minute. I went round the chair, and there she was with a face drawn in the most frightful manner you can conceive, and the next moment she had slipped from the chair to the carpet. And you and Lady Chandos blame me for not retaining my calmness." "Will you take anything ?" he inquired, pointing to the luncheon-tray ; and it struck me that he wished to get the scene she had de- scribed out of her memory. "No, thank you. The sight of Mrs. Free- man has taken my appetite away. Suppose you come and see her for yourself ; I don't mind going with you." Mrs. Chandos put her arm within his, and they departed. Hill ran up stairs ; two or three of the maids followed her. Hickens looked after them in curiosity, and then came back to his luncheon-table. Not to be in the way of anybody, I went up to my room. For some hours I saw nothing of anybody. There was bustle in the house. Lady Chan- dos' voice I heard now and then, and once I caught a glimpse of Mr. Chandos in the grounds. Getting tired of my confinement, I looked out and asked a maid- servant, who was passing in the corridor, what had been the matter. "It was a sort of fit, miss, but she's better now," was Harriet's reply. " The doctor says she must be still, and have rest for some time to come, and she is going away this evening." "Going away! Do you speak of Mrs. Free- man ?" "Yes, miss. She is going by her own choice. She has a sister who lives about thirteen miles from this, and she wishes to go at once to her house. My lady urged her to wait, at any rate until to-morrow, but Mrs. Freeman says she would rather go, especially as she can be of no further use at present to Mrs. Chandos. They have a suspicion that she fears another attack, and thinks she had better get to her sister's without delay. So it's all settled, and Hill is to ac- company her." Harriet departed, leaving my door on the latch. I sat reading and listening by turns, and presently there sounded two more encountering voices outside. Those of Lady Chandos and Hill, her attendant. "My lady," said the latter, in one of those loud whispers which penetrate the ear worse than open speaking, "is it right that I should go to-night ? I could not allude to it before Mrs. Chandos." "Why should it not be right, Hill ?" "It is the full of the moon, my lady ?" Lady Chandos paused before replying, pos- sibly in reflection. "There is no help for it, Hill," she said, at last. "Mrs. Freeman is too ill to be trusted to the care of anyone but you." So Hill had to go. The carriage was brought to the lower door in the wing, unbarred and unbolted for the occasion, and Mrs. Freeman was taken down the enclosed stairs to it, by Mr. Chandos and the doctor, so that I and my curiosity saw nothing of the exit, which I looked upon as an unmerited wrong. She was placed in the carriage, and Hill and the doctor went with her. It was getting near dinner- time. I scarcely knew whether to go down or not, or whether there would be any dinner at all, in the state of confusion the house seemed to be in, when my doubt was solved by Lady Chandos herself. Looking in at my door, she passed me, coming along the gallery from her own room. "I think the dinner is ready, Miss Here- ford." Following her down stairs, I saw Mr. Dexter, the agent, in the open portico, having that moment, as it appeared, come to the house. Lady Chandos crossed the hall to speak to him. He put a sealed parcel, or thick letter, into her hands. "I beg your pardon, my lady. As I was passing here, I brought up these papers for Mr. Chandos. The new tenant opposite says there's something amiss with the roof of the coach house, and I'm going to call and look at it." Lady Chandos glanced casually at the letter she held ; and then a thought seemed to strike her. "What is the name of the new tenant, Mr. Dexter ?" "Barley, my lady. Mr. Edwin Barley." There was a startled pause. Lady Chandos suddenly put her hand to her heart, as if some stitch had taken it. "Barley !" she repeated. "Edwin Barley ! Do you know whether he comes from Hallam ?" "Hallam ?—Hallam ?" debated Mr. Dexter with himself, in consideration. "Yes, that is the place he comes from. I remember now. 'Edwin Barley, Esquire, of the Oaks, Hallam.' That's the address in the deed of agreement. Good day, my lady." She did not attempt to detain him. With the look of awful consternation on her livid face, she turned to come back. I slipped into the dining-room, and sat down in a shady nook by the piano, hoping not to have been seen. The cloth was laid, but no servants were in the room. Only Mr. Chandos, and he stood at a side-table looking into his desk, his back to the room. "Harry ! Harry !" Turning at the tones of unmistakeable terror, Mr. Chandos came swiftly to his mother, and took her hand. "The new tenant," she gasped—and I think it was the only time I ever saw Lady Chandos excited ; she, who imparted always the idea of calmness intensified ; who had reproached Mrs. Chandos with allowing emotion to sway her ! "The man by our entrance-gates !" "Yes, yes; what of him ?" cried Mr. Chan- dos, when she stopped from pain. "My dear mother, what has alarmed you ?" "It is Edwin Barley." "Who ?" almost shouted Mr. Chandos. "Edwin Barley. Here, at our very gates !" Whatever the calamity the words might imply, it seemed nearly to overwhelm Mr. Chandos. He dropped his mother's hands, and stood looking at her. "Is the agreement signed, Harry ?" "Yes." "Then we cannot get rid of him ! What can have brought him here ? Here, of all places in the world ! Chance, think you ?" "No. Chance it cannot have been. I told you the new tenant had an ill-favoured face. He—" Mr. Chandos stopped : Hickens and the foot- man were coming in. The soup was put on the table, and we sat down to dinner. As I moved forward from my corner, quietly and unobtru- sively, looking as if I had neither seen nor heard, Lady Chandos turned to me with a start, a red flush darkening her cheeks. But I don't believe she knows, to this hour, whether I had been present during the scene, or had come in with the soup and the servants. The dinner was eaten in almost total silence. Lady and Mr. Chandos were absorbed in their own thoughts ; I in mine. The chance words of the agent, "Mr. Edwin Barley, of the Oaks," had disclosed the fact that the simple-minded old man who had been so kind to me was dead, and his brother reigned in his stead, lord of all. A rich man, indeed, Edwin Barley must be. I think the servants in waiting must have seen that something was amiss ; though perhaps the silence did not strike upon them so ominously as it did on my own self-consciousness. You cannot have failed to note—and I think I have said it—that there was little ceremony observed in the everyday life at Chandos. Ten minutes after dinner, tea was rung for. Lady Chandos sat while it was brought in, and the dessert taken away. "Will you oblige me by presiding at tea this evening, Miss Hereford ?" Had Lady Chandos not preferred the request at once, I should have withdrawn to my own room, with an excuse that I did not wish for any tea. How miserably uncomfortable I felt, sitting with them, an interloper, what I knew they must want to be talking together, and were wishing me, naturally at the other end of the earth, none but myself can tell. I poured out the tea. Lady Chandos drank one cup, and rose. "I must go to sit with Ethel, Harry. Will you come ?" "She does not want me," was his reply. And Lady Chandos left the room. He let his tea stand until it was quite cold, evidently forgetting it; forgetting all but his own thoughts. I sat in patient silence. Awaken- ing later out of his reverie, he drank it down at a draught, and rang the bell for the things to be taken away. As the man left the room with them, I happened to look at Mr. Chandos, who was then standing near the mantle-piece, and caught his eyes fixed on me, something peculiar in their expression. "Mr. Chandos," I took courage to say, "I am very sorry to be in this position—an intruder here." "And but for one thing I should be very glad of it," was his ready answer. "It is a pleasant in-break on our monotonous life." "And that one thing, sir ?" "Ah ! I cannot tell you all my secrets," he said, with a light laugh. "Do you make your- self at home, young lady. But for your book, that I know you are longing to be reading again, should have compunction at leaving you alone." He quitted the room, laughing still. I reached the book he alluded to, and sat down again. But I could not read ; the surprise was too new, and thought upon thought kept crowding upon me. They evidently had cause to fear Edwin Barley, far more than I ; perhaps then, after all, he had not come here to look after me ? What the matter or the mystery could be, I knew not : but unmistakably there was some- thing wrong between him and Chandos. It was turned half-past 10 when Lady Chan- dos came back again to the oak-parlor. I had got to my book then, and was buried in it. Mr. Chandos followed her nearly immediately, and began to wish us good night. "You must be tired, Harry," she observed. "You have had a fatiguing day." "I am tired," was his reply. "I shall sleep to-night without rocking. Good-night, mother ; good-night, Miss Hereford." He left the room. Lady Chandos said she was tired too, and she and I went out together. Mr. Chandos, who had stayed in the hall, speak- ing to Hickens, went up just before us, entered his room, and closed the door. I turned into mine ; and I heard Lady Chandos traverse the long gallery and shut herself into the west wing. Instead of undressing, what should I do but sit down and open my book again. Only for two minutes, of course, said I to my conscience. It was that most charming of all romances, whether of Scott's works or of others', the "Bride of Lammermoor," which Mr. Chandos had given me out the previous day. The two minutes grew into—but that I have to do it, I should not confess how many, especially as I could only guess at the number. My watch— the pretty watch of Selina's, given me so long ago by Mr. Edwin Barley—had latterly acquired a trick of stopping. It had been so delightful! sitting there with that enchanting romance, the window open to the bright night and balmy air. Perhaps, after all, it was not more than 12 o'clock. I wound up the defaulting watch, shook it till it went again ; set it at 12 by guess, and undressed slowly, and in silence. Then, putting out the light, I threw on a warm shawl, and leaned out at the window for a last look, before closing it. Which, of course, was a very senseless proceeding, although romantic. If Mademoiselle Annette could have seen me ! I stayed there, lost in thought ; various in- terests jumbling themselves together in my mind. Lucy Ashton and the Master of Ravens- wood ; my own uncertain future and present disagreeable position ; the curious mysteries that seemed to envelope Chandos ; and the ominous proximity of Mr. Edwin Barley. As I leaned against the corner of the window, still as a statue, I was startled by observing a move- ment in the garden. And a very extraordinary movement, too, if it was that of a rational being. Something dark, the height of a tall man, appeared to emerge from the clusters of trees skirting the lawn opposite, approach a few steps, and then dart in again ; and this was repeated over and over again, the man advancing always nearer to the other end of the house. It was like the motions of one who wished to come on, yet feared being seen ; a full minute he stood within those dark trees, each time that he penetrated them. I watched, still as a mouse, and gazing eagerly, feeling like one chilled with a sudden fear. It was certainly very singular. When opposite the west wing, he stood for a minute out on the open greensward, and took off his cap as he looked up at the windows. I recognized the features of Mr. Chandos. He wore a short cloak, which, in a degree, hid his figure ; but there was no mistaking the face, for the moon shone full upon it. The next moment he crossed the grass, and disappeared within the narrow laurel path that led to the private entrance of the west wing. How had he got out of his room ? That he had not come out of its door, I felt sure ; for I had been so silent that I must have heard it, had it opened ; besides that door of his would only open with a jerk and a creaking noise. If there was another door to his apartment, it must lead into the wing inhabited by Mrs. Chandos. Why had he been dodging about in that strange way in the grounds ? and put on a cloak and cap to do it in, just as if he wished to disguise himself ? And what could he want in the apartments of Lady Chandos in the middle of the night, when she was, no doubt, abed and asleep ? Truly there was mystery at Chandos ! "Good morning, Miss Hereford." The salutation came from Mr. Chandos, who was following me into the breakfast- room, having that instant quitted his own. I was going quickly ; so was he ; for we were late, and Lady Chandos liked punctuality. But she was not in the oak-parlour. "That's right," he cried, when he saw the room empty. " I hope my mother has overslept herself too, and had as good a night as I have.'' "Have you had a good night, sir ?" came the involuntary question. "Too good : a man does not want eight or nine hours' sleep. I dropped asleep the minute I got into bed last night, did not even hear my clock strike 11, though it only wanted a few minutes to it; and I never awoke till twenty minutes to 8 this morning. I was very tired last night." Was Mr. Chandos mystifying me ? Somehow it caused me vexation. My eyes had a resentful expression as I fixed them on his ; which of course, they had no right in the world to have. "You did not go to sleep at 11 o'clock, sir." "Indeed I did, Miss Hereford." "Then you must have got up again, sir." "Nothing of the sort ! Why do you say that ? I never woke until this morning !" Standing there and deliberately saying this to my face, with every appearance of truth, could only be done to mislead—to deceive me. I had far rather he had struck me a blow ; though why, I did not stay to ask myself. "Mr. Chandos, I saw you in the grounds in the middle of the night !" "Saw me in the grounds in the middle of the night !" he echoed. "You were dreaming, Miss Hereford." "No, sir, I was wide awake. It must have been getting on for 1 o'clock. You had on a cloak and cap, and were dodging in and out of the trees." "What trees ?" "Those opposite." "Wearing a cloak and cap, and dodging in and out of the opposite trees ! Well, that is good, Miss Hereford !" His face wore an amused expression ; his dark eyes—and they were looking dark as purple in the subdued light—were dancing with mirth. I turned cross. Some foolish thought, that Mr. Chandos would make a confidant of me in the morning, had run into my mind in the night. "I don't possess a cloak, young lady." "At any rate, sir, I saw you in one. A short one ; a sort of cape. I saw your face quite plainly when you were looking up at the win- dows. The moon was as bright as day, and shining full upon you." "It must decidedly have been my ghost, Miss Hereford." "No, sir, it was yourself. I don't believe in ghosts. When you had finished your dance in and out of the trees, you crossed the grass to the laurel walk that leads down by the west wing." "What do you say ?" The tone was an abrupt one; the manner had entirely changed: something like a glance of fear shot across the face of Mr. Chandos. But at that moment Hill came in. "So you are back, Hill !" he exclaimed. "I have been back an hour, sir. Mrs. Free- man's no worse, and I came by the Parliamen- tary train. And it is well I did come," added she, "for I found my lady ill !" Mr. Chandos swung himself short round on his heel. "My mother ill ! What is the mat- ter with her ?" "Well, sir, I hardly know. I came to ask you to go up and see her." "She was very well last night," he observed, striding up stairs on his way to the west wing. "You had better begin breakfast, miss," Hill said to me. "My lady won't be down : I'll go and order it in." "Am I to send any up to Lady Chandos, Hill ?" "I have taken my lady's breakfast up," was her anwer. The tea and coffee came in, and I waited, waited, and waited. When I had nearly given Mr. Chandos up, he came. His face was pale, troubled, and he appeared lost in inward thought. From the signs, I gathered that Lady Chandos' malady was serious. "I fear you have found Lady Chandos worse than you anticipated, sir ?'' "Yes—no—yes—not exactly," was the con- tradictory answer. "I hope it is nothing dan- gerous," he more collectedly added ; "but she will not be able to leave her rooms to-day." "Is she in bed, sir ?" "No ; she is sitting up. My tea ? thank you. You should not have waited for me, Miss Here- ford." He took his breakfast in silence, ringing once for Hickens, to ask after a paper that ought to have come. Afterwards he quitted the room and I saw him go strolling across to the pine walk. CHAPTER XII. IN THE IRONING ROOM "WILL you allow me to repose a word of confidence in you, Miss Hereford and at the same time to tender an apology ?" Playing a little bit of quiet harmony, reading a little, musing a little, half an hour had passed, and I was leaning my back against the frame of the open window. Mr. Chandos had come across the grass unheard by me, and took me by surprise. I turned and stammered forth "Yes." His tones were cautious and low, as though he feared eavesdroppers, though no one was within hear- ing, or could have been, without being seen. "You accused me of wandering out there last night," he began, sitting on the stone ledge of the window outside, his face turned to me, and I rashly denied it to you. As it is within the range of possibility that you may see me there again at the same ghostly hour, I have been deliberating whether it may not be the wiser plan to impart to you the truth. You have heard of sleep-walkers ?" "Yes," I replied staring at him. "What will you say if I acknowledge to being one ?" Of course I did not know what to say, and stood there like a statue, looking foolish. The thought that rushed over my heart was, what an unhappy misfortune to attend the sensible and otherwise attractive Mr. Chandos. "You see," he continued, "when you spoke, I did not know I had been out, and denied it, really believing you were mistaken." "And do you positively walk in your sleep, sir ?—go out of your room, out of the locked doors of the house, and pace the grounds ?" I breathlessly exclaimed. "Ay. Not a pleasant endowment, is it ? Stranger things are heard of some who possess it : they spirit themselves on to the roofs of houses, to the tops of chimneys, and contrive to spirit themselves down again, without coming to harm. So far as I am aware, I have never yet attempted those ambitious feats." "Does Lady Chandos know of this ?" "Of course. My mother saw me last night, I find : she felt unable to sleep, she says, think- ing of poor Mrs. Freeman, and rose from her bed. It was a light night, and she drew aside her curtains and looked from the window. But for her additional testimony, I might not have believed you yet, Miss Hereford." "You seemed to be making for her apart- ments, sir,—for the little door in the laurel walk." "Did I ?" he carelessly rejoined. "What freak guided my steps thither, I wonder ? Did you see me come back again ?" "No, sir. I did not stay much longer at the window." "I dare say I came back at once. A pity you missed the sight a second time," he con- tinued, with a laugh that sounded very much like a forced one. "Having decorated myself with a cloak and cap, I must have been worth seeing. I really did not know that I had a cloak in my dressing-closet, but I find there is an old one." He sat still, pulling to pieces a white rose and scattering its petals one by one. His eyes seemed to seek any object rather than mine ; his dark hair, looking in some lights almost purple, like his eyes, was impatiently pushed now and again from his brow. Altogether, there was something in Mr. Chandos that morning that jarred upon me—something that did not seem true. "I cannot think, sir, how you could have gone down so quietly from your room. For the first time since I have been in your house—for the first time, I think, in my whole life—I sat up reading last night, and yet I did not hear you ; unless, indeed, you descended by some egress through the east wing." "Oh, you don't know how quiet and cunning sleep-walkers are : the stillness with which they carry on their migrations is incredible," was his rejoinder; "you must never be surprised at anything they do." But I noticed one thing, that he did not deny the existence of a second door. In spite of his plausible reasoning, I could not divest myself of the conviction that he had not left his chamber by the entrance near mine. "Is it a nightly occurrence, sir ?" "What—my walking about ? Oh dear, no ! Months and years sometimes elapse, and I have nothing of it. The last time I 'walked'—is not that an ominous word for the superstitions ? —must be at least two years ago." "And then only for one night, sir ?" "For more than one," he replied, a strangely grave expression settling on his countenance. "So, if you see me again, Miss Hereford, do not be alarmed, or think I have taken sudden leave of my senses." "Mr. Chandos, can nothing be done for you ? To prevent it, I mean." "Nothing at all." "If—if Lady Chandos, or one of the men servants, were to lock you in the room at night ?" I timidly suggested. "And if I —finding egress stopped that way —were to precipitate myself from the window, in my unconsciousness, what then, Miss Here- ford ?" "Oh, don't talk of it !" I said, hiding my eyes with a shudder. " I do not understand these things : I spoke in ignorance." "Happily, few do understand them," he re- plied. "I have given you this in strict confi- dence, Miss Hereford ; you will, I am sure, regard it as such. No one knows of it except my mother ; but she would not like you to speak of it to her." "Certainly not. Then the servants do not know it ?" "Not one : not even Hill. It would be most disagreeable to me, were the unpleasant fact to reach them ; neither might they be willing to remain in a house where there was a sleep walker. The last time the roving fit was upon me, some of them unfortunately saw me from the upper window ; they recognized me, and came to the conclusion, by some subtle force of reasoning, explainable only by themselves, that it was my 'fetch,' or ghost. It was the first time I had ever heard of ghosts of the living appearing," he added, with a slight langh. "Do you think they saw you last night ?" was my next question. "I hope not," he replied, in a tone meant to be a light one ; but that, to my ear, told of ill- concealed anxiety. "But—Mr. Chandos !—there are no windows in the servants' part of the house that look this way !" I exclaimed, the recollection flashing on me. "There is one. That small gothic window in the turret. The fear that some of them may have been looking out is worrying my mother." "It is that, perhaps, that has made Lady Chandos ill." "Yes ; they took me for my own ghost !" he resumed, apparently not having heard the re- mark. "You now perceive, possibly, why I have told you this, Miss Hereford ? You would not be likely to adopt the ghostly view of the affair, and might have spoken of what you saw in the hearing of the servants, or of strangers. You have now the secret : will you keep it ?" "With my whole heart, sir," was my impul- sive rejoinder. "No allusion to it shall ever pass my lips." And Mr. Chandos took my hand, held it for a moment, and then departed, leaving me to digest the revelation. It was a strange one ; and I asked myself whether this physical infirmity attaching to him was the cause of what had appeared so mysterious at Chandos. That it might account for their not wishing to have strangers located at Chandos, sleeping in the house, was highly probable. Why ! was not I myself an illustra- tion of the case in point ? I, a young girl, scarcely a week in the house, and it had already become expedient to entrust me with the secret ! Oh, yes ! no wonder, no wonder that they shunned visitors at Chandos ! To me it seemed a most awful affliction. I quitted the oak-parlour, and went up stairs. Hill stood in the corridor. "Lady Chandos is up, I understand, Hill ?" "Well, I don't know where you could have understood that," was Hill's rejoinder, spoken in a sullen and resentful tone. "My lady up, indeed ! ill as she is ! If she's out of her bed in a week hence, it will be time enough. I don't think she will be." I declare that the words so astonished me as to take my senses temporarily away, and Hill was gone before I could speak again. Which of the two told the truth, Mr. Chandos or Hill ? He said his mother was up ; Hill said she was not, and would not be for a week to come. Meanwhile Hill had traversed the gallery, and disappeared in the west wing, banging the green baize door after her. I stood in deliberation. Ought I, or ought I not, to proffer a visit to Lady Chandos?—to inquire if I could do any- thing for her. It seemed to me that it would be respectful so to do, and I moved forward and knocked gently at the green-baize door. There came no answer, and I knocked again and again ; softly always. Then I pushed it open and entered. I found myself in a narrow passage, richly carpeted, with a handsome oak door before me. I gave a stout knock at that, and the green-baize door made a noise in swing- ing to. Out rushed Hill. If ever terror was implanted in a woman's face, it was so then in hers. "Heaven and earth, Miss Hereford ! Do you want to send me into my grave with fright ?" ejaculated she. "I have not frightened you ! What have I done?" "Done ! Do you know, miss, that no soul is permitted to enter these apartments when my lady is ill, except myself and Mr. Chandos ? I knew it was not he ; and I thought—I thought —I don't know what I did not think. Be so good, miss, as not to serve me so again." Did she take me for a wild tiger, that she made all that fuss ? "I wish to see Lady Chandos," I said aloud. "Then you can't see her, miss," was the peremptory retort. "That is, if it be agreeable to her to receive me," I continued, resenting Hill's assumption of authority. "But it is not agreeable, and it never can be agreeable," returned Hill, working herself up to a great pitch of excitement. "Don't I tell you Miss Hereford, my lady never receives in these rooms? Perhaps, miss, you'll be so good as to quit them." "At least you can take my message to Lady Chandos, and inquire whether—" "I can't deliver any message, and I decline to make any inquiries," interrupted Hill, evidently in a fever of anxiety for my absence. "Ex- cuse me, Miss Hereford, but you will please re- turn by the way you came." Who should appear next on the scene but Lady Chandos ! She came from beyond the oak door, as Hill had done, apparently wondering at the noise. I was thunderstruck. She looked quite well, and wore her usual dress ; but she went back again at once, and it was but a mo- mentary glimpse I had of her. Hill made no ceremony. She took me by the shoulders as you would take a child, turned me towards the entrance, and bundled me out ; shutting the green-baize door with a slam, and propping her back against it. "Now, Miss Hereford, you must pardon me, and remember your obstinacy has just brought this upon yourself. I couldn't help it ; for to have suffered you to talk to my lady to- day would have been almost a matter of life or death." "I think you are out of your mind, Hill," I gasped, recovering my breath, but not my temper, after the summary exit. "Perhaps I am, miss ; let it go so. All I have got to say, out of my mind or in my mind, is this : never you attempt to enter this west wing. The rooms in it are sacred to my lady, whose pleasure it is to keep them strictly pri- vate. And intrusion here, after this warning, is what would never be pardoned you by any of the family, if you lived to be ninety years old !" "Hill, you take too much upon yourself," was my indignant answer. "If I do, my lady will correct me ; so do not trouble your mind about that, Miss Hereford. I have not been her confidential attendant for sixteen years to be taught my duty now. And when I advise you to keep at a distance from these appartments, miss, I advise you for your own good. If you are wise you will heed it ; ask Mr. Chandos." She returned within the wing, and I heard a strong bolt slipped, effectually baring my en- trance, had I felt inclined to disobey her ; but I never felt less inclined for anything in my life than to do that. Certainly her warning had been solemnly spoken. Now, who was insane ?—I ?or Lady Chan- dos? or Hill ? It seemed to me that it must be one of us, for assuredly all this savoured of insanity. What was it that ailed Lady Chan- dos? That she was perfectly well in health, I felt persuaded ; and she was up and dressed and active ; no symptom whatever of the invalid was about her. Could it be that her mind was affected ? or was she so overcome with grief at the previous night's exploits of Mr. Chandos as to be obliged to remain in retirement ? The latter supposition appeared the more feasible— and I weighed the case in all its bearings. But not quite feasible, either. For Hill ap- peared to be full mistress of the subject of the mystery, whatever it might be, and Mr. Chan- dos had said she had no suspicion of his malady. And, besides, would it be enough to keep Lady Chandos in for a week ? I dwelt upon it all until my head ached ; and, to get rid of my per- plexities, I went strolling into the open air. It was a fine sunshiny day, and the blue tint of the bloom upon the pine trees looked lovely in the gleaming light. I turned down a shady path on the left of the broad gravel drive, mid- way between the house and the entrance-gate. It took me to a part of the grounds where I had never yet penetrated, remote and very soli- tary. The path was narrow, scarcely admitting of two persons passing each other, and the privet hedge on either side, with the overhanging trees, imparted to it an air of excessive gloom. The path wound in its course; in turning one of its angles, I came right in face of some one advancing; some one who was so close as to touch me; and my heart leaped into my mouth. It was Mr. Edwin Barley. "Good morning, young lady." "Good morning, sir," I stammered, sick al- most unto death, lest he should recognise me; though why that excessive dread of his recogni- tion should be upon me, I could not possibly have explained. He was again trespassing on Chandos ; but it was not for me, in my timidity, to tell him so ; neither had I any business to set myself forward in upholding the rights of Chandos. "All well at the house ?" he continued. "Yes, thank you. All, except Lady Chandos. She keeps her room this morning." "You are a visitor at Chandos, I presume ?" "For a little time, sir." "So I judged, when I saw you with Harry Chandos. That you were not Miss Chandos, who married the Frenchman, I knew, for you bear no resemblance to her ; and she is the only daughter of the family. I fancied they did not welcome strangers at Chandos." I made no answer; though he looked at me with his jet-black eyes as if waiting for it : the same stern, penetrating eyes as of old. How I wished to get away ! But it was impossible to pass by him without rudeness, and he stood blocking up the confined path. "Are you a confidential friend of the family ?" he resumed. "No, sir; I am not to be called a friend at all ; quite otherwise. Until a few days ago I was a stranger to them. Accident brought me then to Chandos, but my stay here will be tem- porary." "I should be glad to make your acquaintance by name," he went on, never taking those terri- ble eyes off me. Not that the eyes in themselves were so very terrible ; but the fear of my child- hood had returned to me in all its force—a very bugbear. I had made the first acquaintance of Mr. Edwin Barley in a moment of fear—that is, he frightened me. Unintentionally on his own part, it is true, but with not less of effect upon me. The circumstances of horror (surely it is not too strong a word) that had followed, in all of which he was mixed up, had only tended to increase the feeling ; and woman-grown though I was now, the meeting with him had brought it all back to me. "Will you not favour me with your name ?" He spoke politely, quite as a gentleman, but I felt my face grow red, white, hot and cold. I had answered his questions, feeling that I dared not resist ; that I feared to show him ought but civility ; but—to give him my name ; to rush, as it were, into the lion's jaws ! No, I would not do that ; and I plucked up what courage was left me. "My name is of no consequence, sir. I am but a very humble individual, little more than a school girl. I was brought here by a lady, who, immediately upon her arrival, was recalled home by illness in her family, and I am in daily ex- pectation of a summons from her ; after which I dare say I shall never see Chandos or any of its inmates again. Will you be kind enough to allow me to pass ?" "You must mean Miss Chandos—l don't re- collect her married name," said he, without stirring. "I heard she had been here ; and left almost as soon as she came." I bowed my head, and tried to pass him. I might as readily have tried to pass through the privet hedge. "Some lady was taken away ill, yesterday," he resumed. "Who was it ?" "It was Mrs. Freeman." "Oh ! the companion. I thought as much. Is she very ill ?" "It was something of a fit, I believe. It did not last long." "Those fits are ticklish things," he remarked. "I should think she will not be in a state to return for some time, if at all." He had turned his eyes away now, and was speaking in a dreamy sort of tone. As I once heard him speak to Selina. "They will be wanting some one to fill Mrs. Freeman's place, will they not? " "I cannot say, I'm sure, sir. The family do not talk of their affairs before me." "Who is staying at Chandos now ?" he ab- ruptly asked. "Only the family." "Ah ! the family—of course. I mean what members of it." "All ; except Madame de Mellisie and Sir Thomas Chandos." "That is, there are Lady Chandos, her son, and daughter-in-law. That comprises the whole, I suppose—except you." "Yes, it does. But I must really beg you to allow me to pass, sir." "You are welcome now, and I am going to turn myself. It is pleasant to have met an in- telligent lady ; and I hope we often shall meet, that I may hear good tidings of my friends at Chandos. I was intimate with part of the family once, but a coolness arose between us, and I do not go there. Good day." (TO BE CONTINUED.) A Max Restored to Life by a Brandy Julep.—A Norfolk (Va.), paper records a lu- dicrous incident at a funeral in that city, on August 22. It having been reported that a certain gentleman had died and was to hare been buried quite a number of his old friends and acquaintances retired to his house to pay the last sad tribute of respect by following his remains to the grave. As the death was sudden, the coroner had been summoned, and when his duty had been performed, the remains were placed on the extemporised hearao, and the pro cession formed. Before moving, the hospitalities of the deceased's house were extended to those present, in the shape of a good stiff brandy julep to each, so as the better to enable them to undergo the fatigue of* the long march to the new burying-ground. While the pall-bearers who were standing by the hearse, were slowly sipping their juleps, and now and then giving their goblets a slight shake to settle the ice in them, a noise was heard in the coffin, which turned some faces whiter than they had been for years before. Finally, the undertaker for the occasion murtored courage to unscrew the coffin lid, when horrible to behold, up sat the supposed corpse, and coolly asked for his julep, having quenchod his thirst he got up out of his coffin and stated to the gaping crowd that he had been in a sort of trance and knew all that was going on around him, but was unable to arouse himself until his ears were greeted with the familiar jingle of the ice and his nose with the delicious smell of the brandy and mint in the goblets around the hearse, the thoughts called forth by which infused new life into his system, and the desire to partake became so strong that he was able to break the trance which, had como near consigning him to a premature grave. The funeral ended by the mourners all adjourning to the house of the resurrected man, where juleps passed round. 