GOURXOXG. (rHOM ODE OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday, 17th March. Still the ciy is "No rain," and this disconsolate fact is becoming more and more serious. The labour of the farm is almost at a stand still, as the farmers for miles around are daily obliged to drive their horses and cattle to the Campaspe, and every gallon of water used for domestic purposes must alio come therefrom. Thus 3'great.portion of time is taken up in doing nothing but securing drink for man and beast. Another alarming out cry is the scanty pasture ; the grass has been burned up months ago, and the cattle on the Com mohs find but a poor subsistence upon sour scrub, dry rushes, and tops of withered thistles. The herds running at large are ail but famished, a mere "rickle" of bones, the very ghosts of their former selves, and except rain falls soon death will shortly terminate their misery. If tbe Huntly Shire Council had fulfilled the solemn pledge made to the ratepayers, here, three years ago, there would have beeu a supply of water in the very centre of the district. It will be remembered that they voted money to form a damhead, the work was commenced and continued for some time, vvben it was slopped, and left in a half-formed state until a flood came and washed half the work away. In this state it con tinues still, and must be commenced de noto. In this dilapidated and broken embankment we have a local memorial of the publicspiritednesa, the wisdom and energetic action of those august personages that preside over the taxes. What a pity (arid it is echoed afar) that the said corpora tion is without a soul to be saved or body to be kicked. Some unscrupulous person or persons in tbe district are acccused of waylaying and impounding the fanners' cattle. Several persons have suffered by the dastardly conduct of these idle miscreants. Lately (our horses were missing, and though extensive search was made, they could nowhere be found, I until a reward was offered, when they were promptly brought from their hiding place, the reward of course being claimed. At a meeting of the managers of the commons here it was formally submitted that those whose stock on the common exceeded the number allowed by the act could depasture tbe overplus in a neighbor's name-a most pernicious rule, which a farseeing member protested against, and which not one-fourth of the ratepayers will agree to. Mr J. Nicholas, late of the firm of Nicholas Bros, is about leaving this district for his new residence at Corop. He was one of the first who opened up this district, and his departure is re gretted. He was ever a kind and an obliging neighbor, and is of a generous disposition. The good wishes of all who knew him will follow him to his new home, and there is a movement on foot to show the respect entertained for him, by inviting him to a banquet previous to his depar ture. The Elmore new school was opened the other evening. A great many sat down to tea, after which a public meeting was held, and speeches made by the Rev Mr Hoatson and others. The teacher, Mr Lowther, is indefatigable and pains taking, and has earned for himself golden opinions for the manner be has always conducted his school. Dancing, to inspiriting music, began at ten a.m., and was continued till the " wee short hours ayont tbe twal'." It is a fact worth noticing that that district (Runnymede) has doubled itself in population during the last two years. 