Mn Montgomery has certainly had riioro notoriety thrust upon him in- one shape or another since he was welcomed- to Victoria than any other professional artist that ever illumined our society with liis presence. Publicity has tracked his.- footsteps with undevinting pertinacity, while rumour has been scarcely less busy with his private than Ins public, life. If he is an egotist, it must be very flattering to his feelings to find himself the cynosure of every eye with' so little apparent trouble or forethought, while on the other. hand ho sensation can he more uncomfortable to a inan of retiring disposi tion and delicate -organisation -than to he pursued by the tongue of scandal and gossip into'all his relations in life. For the'tittle- tattle mongers have not spared their victim, wherever an opportunity offered, or more correctly wherever he offered an opportunity for making a little capital put of him. As an object of public comment, he has divided the newspaper world with the remedy for snake bites, while the critics have qnarreljed over him almost as virulently as the contiro-. versialists did over Mr Henderson and tlie' deluge. His journey to Beechworth for ex ample and his journey back again, with the graphic preparations for the bushranger j I wliom jjc.iiji jiofcuiOor, and. the patriotic encounter with the kangaroo that he did— has not the whole history of the affair, like a royal progress, been recorded for our edifi cation m the citron iquc scandaleuse of the day ? Of course, there must be some little sense of personal annoyance or even of de gradation involved in so much vigilant scrutinising, for it is hardly possible for the most cautious and self-guarded of heroes to avoid turning the ridiculous side of -liis cha racter to society now and then' j and however estimable Mr Montgomery may he as an actor, it certainly cannot be said that he is either very cautious or verj' self-guarded as. a inan. 'Indeed, he seems to betliemost impulsive and capricious and 'evasive of mortals — the despair of theatre-managers, and a snare and delusion to a too. confiding- theatre- public. Of course, Mr Montgomery's professional demeanour is his own business, out we doubt if thero evor was an actor of his distinction whose capacity for breaking his engagements so far kept pace with the public anxiety to engage him. There seems to be no catching him in tlie humour, or rather — for the lawyers will probably make, him realise the difference — there seams to be no keeping him when he is caught. The list of engagements that helms broken, and of dis appointments that he has caused to the hearts of hundreds of willing devotees during the present season might moke Flirtina envious. In Melbourne, Maryborough, Hobnrt Town, Kyneton, the victims are still smartingunder the pangs of unrequited admiration, and for we ought we know ' of unveturned money, and now Castlemaine is doomed to swell the triumphs of this gay deceiver.. The little melodrama that was enacted at the Cumber land Hotel may probably ho reproduced on another stage, and therefore it would be bad taste to nnticipnle the verdict of the critical audience . who,, .will, .watch, .merits for ' themselves. At present "it" "serves'our'.pur ' pose sufficiently- to; say that two interpreta tions strictly contradictory -have been' giveh to the demeanour of the principal actors: in : the affair. The defendant in the case, Mr Spiller, declares that Mr Montgomery offered him quite enough provocation to justify the breach . of tlie peace that threatened but did not actually take place, while Mr Montgomery retorts that Mr Spiller's conduct wns of a nature to make it impossible that lie should play tlie part of Hamlet to his Gravedigger, within the short space of.n few hours, while both actors would be writhing with indignation at each other. The squabble of the morning- would haunt Mr Montgomery as tlie ghost of his father haunted Hamlet, and Spiller would not he the ideal Gravedigger in the Danish churchyard at all, but tho real commonplace. Spiller, whom Mr Montgomery had insulted,' or who had insulted Mr Montgomery, as the evidence shall determine. All of which de fence is very reasonable nnd cnpohlo of being sustained on the strictest principles of aesthetics as far as Mr Montgomery is con cerned, hut perfectly caviare to the general. For puzzled as the public may he between the two conflicting explanations offered thorn, they tiro not the least undecided as on whom to lay the blame for Mr Mont gomery's- non-appearance at- tlie Theatre. Iloro they see their way clearly enrfgli, for they have a '.common and familiar principle in equity to guide, them, embodiod in the statute ojF contracts, though in this case not enforcible on him by' any direct penalty from their own hands, what the manager who is supposed to suffer by Mr Montgomery's defection' may do iri: tbe matter is no concern of ours, but the breach of faith with the public is' quito another feature in the_affair dembndingpublic animadvers6h,if for lib other reason than that animadversion; is the only means ' left of retaliating — on' the defaulter. It may he personally, and artistically true that Mr Montgomery could not perform with, a man whomTie liaq just quarrelled with, in amariner to preserve liis reputation ; hut lie had. no moral right, in the face of liis pre-engagement; to consult his reputation before the public-convenience, or, rather, heforo tlie public claims on liim. If he acted his part badly, hecnuso Spiller wns present, or if the play broke down through any malicious temper of Spiller, it was for tlie public to bear the loss as best they could: at any rate, so long as he did his best, as he would no doubt have done, they would have known how to he indulgent' But most cer tainly they can he no more expected to he satis fied with Mr Montgomery's excuse than the proprietor 'of the theatre can be, since the squabble in the hreakfast-room was as much a private business, personal'. 'io .'him, as the number of eggs he ate for breakfast. As we said before, we have no desire' to intrude our selves on other people's business, hut a trans action which is the cause of so; much serious inconvenience to the public, and puts a great. Vpubtte tvrtist' ii i ulxogo\\\vor V50"ft\'l8e flr position, requires to he publicly commented on.' Nei ther the humblest nor the most distinguished member of bis profession can escape the re sponsibility which 'it brings with it,. and .Mr Montgomery is" much too distinguished' an artist to he allowed to fly into a passion, and to give, way to pettish impulses at his own -sweet will without correction. , We are only showing our. '-friendship for him by a little friendly application ofthe rod. . : , 