ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; "Give me leave To apeak my mind."—Shakspeabs. Mrs. Steele was to bare re-appeared last Monday night, bnt it was found she was not well enough to appear, and notices to that effect were posted np over all the paying places on that evening. Naturally enough everybody was full of inquiries as to why she could not appear, seeing that her favourable progress had been reported several days pre viously. Will it suffice to say that she was well of thewound, but too ill from other causes to play Emilia. It surely does not require that a lady should be stabbed in order to be ilL The wound was a bad wound, but it healed with remarkable rapidity, and no bad consequences are likely to come from it. If curiosity should lead people to inquire further, and to ask why or how the relapse came, let them be content to know it arose from moral causes of a nature that admit of the most complete explanation, bat not of publication. Let them be assured, however, that nothing happened to cause their respect for Mrs. Steele to lessen in the slightest' possible degree. Mrs. Steele is a lady for whom everybody who knows her at all feels the most complete respect, and the sympathy her ac cident called 'forth was shown by the crowds which flocked to the theatre on Monday night to see her make her reappear ance in the character in which she received her injury. l%e notices over the pigeon-holes of the paying-places caused a good many of the crowd to postpone their visit to another occasion, but their presence at tire doors was significant. It is not for me to speak of behind-curtain mysteries. I am supposed not to know them, and, so far as I can, I get out of the. way of knowing them. But they come within the scope of my cpnsideration sometimes, and they were especially within my knowledge oh 'Monday nigbt. As I sat loojcing rpund thehouse at, the cheerful audiencp listening to' the cheerful musics and enjoying' the bright* cheerful light of the house, I could hot but reflect how great a blessing it is that the evils of thiB world are often hidden from us until the moment oflbeir occurrence. When the curtain rose upoh the opening soene Of "Othello," Ijett that itwas a good thing for everybody's OOtfifOrt hobody knew that half* an^iourbeforh^hb'stage wasset for ah On tirdy dilfferent piece. and that there might have been a scene nOtihcJuded in any play. : The green curtain is a wonderful wall of concealment. And' speaking of mysteries, the "«eason" at the Haymarket came to an ' end dn Tuesday night. 'Why on Tuesday" nfghk or why ob any night! : For the bills spokeot Mr. View's "great atftacfion?,* of " the great combination company, and told bow that Mr. Drew had been " acknowledged ; to he unsurpassed," together with a great deal of other laudatory trumpeting. The question presents itself, Does mere trumpetinghaveany effect in filling the theatre? If trumpeting could have filled this theatre it ought to have overflowed, and if it overflowed, why was it closed on Tuesday ? If Mr. Drew is in reality a great star equal to Irish, French, Ger man, and light English comedy character, why is he withdrawn after eight perfor mances? He was engaged—so the bills said—for 12 nights, and he disappears after the eighth night. This is a mystery I have not solved, but like a certain donkey one may draw an inference, and I infer from the fact of Mr. Drew's being withdrawn on Tues day that, despite his great versatility, he does not fill the house. To speak candidly, I dare say Mr. Drew would make a useful member of a stock-c 'opany, but the starring business is sometbini beyond his powers. It is very unpleasant i rhaps for him to admit this, but bis interest t ' viously lies in the direction of steady busin •■s rather than fitful engage ments. Perhi.os Mr. Drew does too many things moderately well to do anything very well That be can play an Irishman endur ably, a German fairly, a Frenchman re spectably, a Yankee tolerably, and a light comedy part reasonably well may not be much to boast of, but taken col lectively, they represent a good deal. The public, however, do not recognise col lective talent if it be only mediocre. Great collective talent is of course admirable any where, but a quantity of collective talent, as compared with one kind of eminent talent, labours under a disadvantage. Mr. John Drew was a wonderful Irish comedian, but I do not think he attempted anything but Irish comedy, and his reputation will never die in this colony. If he had begun by doing something he thought he could do, but could not do better than Irish comedy, and then had done several other things equally indifferently, his reputation might not have been what it is. If Mr. Frank Drew had made his first appearance in Laurenz Hart mann—which he plays well—he would have achieved that most important of advantages a good first impression. Having first appeared in Handy Andy, and having made an impres sion the reverse of good, all his subsequent career has been up-hill. But it does not follow that he will never redeem himself, and the method which occurs to me as most likely to help him to redeem himself, is to take an en gagement as a member of a stock company, and commence ab I don't expect him to take this advice- As a rttle, actors and actresses resent advice. I give it him, never theless,with the most sincere desire for his success. . . The young ladies who formed such a princi pal attraction at the Haymarket have gone, back to the Royal, though, indeed, to sky that they have gone back to the Royal is to say that they are where they were, the Royal and the Haymarket being like Hamlet's ] father and mother, one. More is the pity theyshonldhe. More is tbepityfor thesakeof the management of the Royal if for no other reason. I do not donht that a healthy and real competition would, be beneficial instead of injurious to the Royal. Competition is always mutually beneficial although it may cause a temporary inconvenience. To be sure it would take a great deal to render the Hay market very attractive, and the only effectual j means of doing this would be to pull it down and re-build it. I suppose nobody will do ! this, so that unless it disappears like Aladdin's palace, it is likely to remain for an indefinite period the unpleasant, problem it has been since it was first built Mr. Heller, the " Somatic Conjuror," does not like it, and is to make his first appearance in Melbourne at the Apollo-hall , late that den of uncleanness, the Anthropolo gical Museum. And talking of Mr. Heller, , I am glad he calls himself a " conjuror." I am fond of the old-fashioned words, just as I like schoolmaster better than "principal" school than "collegiate institution," barber than " artist in hair," and inn or tavern than "hotel" But why "Somatic Conjuror?" Is he afraid of being confounded with the spirit ists? Nobody at this day, I take it, supposes conjuring to be effected by any other than somatic agency. I am glad, however, he does not call himself a magician or a wizard, or a prestidigitator, or a professor of legerde main. He announces himself as a conjuror— never mind that he says he is a somatic con juror. Somatic, like mobled, is good if you only know the meaning of it, and you have only to bear in mind that <rtapa is Greek for body, and that somatic, therefore, means bodily or corporeal and that therefore Mr. Seller probably means, in using it, to assure us that he has no dealings with—let us say Mephistopbeles. The old notion of a conjuror was that he had dealings with Mephistopbeles, and that nothing short of {MephistoyBdil^/b<rtifedefac^ could make iplum-ptffi&fc;^bift haahat. It is not clear that in these spiritism times something of this feeling has not been revived. Hence ;Mr. Heller'suseof the term " somatic; " though iif he bad said bodily or corporeal maybe 'he would have been more generally understood, ■and the assurance would have extended fur ther. ! But I am told Mr. Heller can do more than 'conjure, and that his piano playing is aston ishingly clever.! In Sydney they said he could Only execute tricks of piano-playing, so when 'the conjuring performances were over, he jgave some piano-playing performances, and it Was found he could do more than tricks, "j In conjuring, then, wehaverfealcoibpetifcion, jfor there is no doubt of Mr Chapman's clever 'ness, and we may expect, therefore, to see /both places filled. Mr. Chapman's "sackful )of ghosts" performance »b as wonderful as the ring trick, and equally difficult of explana tion. The clairvoyant business improves; iMr. Howard giows more apt in his replies, and goes more into'details. You may explain ;ithow yon will,' but it is puzzling with an ■ explanation. JAQUES, 