THE NEWS OF THE DAT. OwiDg to the interruption of the important debate originated by Mr Higinbotham, the Go vernment are preolnded from formally replying by tbe present mail to Earl Grenrille's de spatches. From other sources, however, the Colonial OEJco will Do numoicunj uuio io judge ai to what the deciiion of the Legislature will be on the main principle of constitutional inde pendence for the colony. In another column will be found some in teresting, and indeed important corre«porj dence, between residents of Fiji and the American Consul there, relative to the pro posed annexation or protection of the islands by the United States Government. Here is another complication for Downing-atreot. The Volunteer Review which takes plaoe on Billarat to-morrow promisei to be a great ?access ; and no doubt it will be the most pro minent incident connected with the Gaiubration of the Prince's birthday. With a view to tho convenience of visitors to Baliarat the railway authorities intimate that tickets will be issued at excursion fares from all stations, Melbourne to Baliarat, to ba available from 7 p.m. train on Monday, the 8;h inat., up to the night of Thursday, the 11th inst. Mimbers of the metropolitan and suburban volunteor com panies, who intend taking part in the review, ero advised of tho time aud place for rendezvoua by our advertising column?. There will be no meeting of the City Cocnoil to-day in consequence c! the annual meeting occurring to-morrow. The Mayor (Mr Mou bray) will then rotiro from office, and the Mayor-elect, Mr Amesi, will be formally installed. Payments of accounts will be or dered at the meeting, and there Trill be other business to transact if the Council feel disposed for work, which is not likely to be the case, as the day will be a public festival. The races on Saturday were well attended, and the sport was of the highest order. Charon won two rases, the AU Aged Stakes, at a mile, and tho Q.aeun'n Plate, at tUree miles. The rider of Strop, however, lolgod a protest agalnat the two lire* horses, on the soore of having been purposely croBSed in the rnce aad not allowed : to come up, but after a very patUnt inquiry it' wab overruled. Tbe Oika was a cantor for ' K-Btrel, and the V. R. C. Handicap fell to tho , Adelaide horsa Lapdog. TUe steeplechase was ) an easy victory for Reindeer, while Albany secured the Free Handicap. Tbis terminated tha'Sprlng Meeting-, which was one of-the most successful ever held. To-morrow being the anniversary of the birth-day of H. R. K. the Prince of Wales, thero will be no sittings in tho Supreme Court. Jurymen sommoned for Tuesday will therefore not have to appear till Wednesday. In the Supreme C^urt, on Saturday, Harris v. National Bank, a case of some interest to the commercial community, was heard before the Chief Justice and a specul jury of twelva. The point was this : The iirm of Harris and Lyons, auctioneers, called a meeting of their creditors, who accepted a composition of 83 in the pound. The National Bank of Aastralasia refused to sign the deed unless it was paid 15 1 ia the pound, and in order to avoid an insolvency the plaintiff Harris gave tho bank foar bills extending over twelve months for the additioni.1 7s. The bank then signed the deed and re ceived the 8j in His pound, and the bills for the additional 7a when dua were all honore I and paid,'' aud the bank officials congratulated themselves on ibeir 'catenes* in tho matter. Messrs Harris and Lyons however, being ad vised that BUOh an arrangement under such compultion wm illegal, sued for £1272 12s, the value of tho bills, and they recovered the amount wjith costs. The special meeting of the journeymen bakers on Saturday night wan private. Ou Wednesday next a case of some importance in connection with tho present' struggle- between the mea and the employers will come on for hearing at tho district court, Mr Cameron, of Victoria- street, having mmesoned Mr Maurice Dillon, Mr Bowman'a foreman, for unlawfully dispersing a certain handbill, te whioh the printer did not affix bis name. The proposal, first mooted somo months ago, to establish a large co-operative bakery, has at last been taken up seriously, and upwards of one hundred shares were appropriated at the speaial meeting of the journeymen on Saturday night. It is anticipated that it will be in fall operation in three weeks time. There waa no contest in tke Barkly Ward of East Cillingwood for the seat rendered va cant by the decease of Cr. Baynham. Only one candidate having been nominated, BIr William Prythercb, saddler, of Wellington-street ; he was declared duly elected on Saturday. It is announced that Mr Robert Heller, ' the celebrated and world-renowned somatio con jurer, brilliant pianiBt, and witty conversa tionalist,' will Bbcrtly introduce wonders and miraoles in his Temple of Magic. There aeema little prospect of settling the controversy an to who is really tho sanior Jewish minister in Victoria. At the request of many influential members of the East Mel bourne Hebrow congregation, Mr Gersohel, the president, has convened a meeting to take the matter into consideration on tho 14th instant, but the result dues not promise to be con clusive. ? Tho railway lino from Ballarai to Miry borough, via Creswick, Clunes, an I Talbot, is now being surveyed, the survey party being at Sulky Gully ou the 1st November. The Castlemaina Mail states that tho warm weather has brought out large swarms of mos quitoes. At Chinaman's Creek theBe little pests have proved so troublesome in tho even;ng that in some cases it has been found almost impossible to milk the cows. While mentioning this we observe that tho bees are everywhere swarming in prodigious numbers. We learn from a Kyneton journal that Mr Denis Clarke, who was reoently stabbed by his brother-in-law, Michael Walsh, at tho Black Hill, still remains an inmate of the Kynoton Hospital,, and on Friday waj unable to appear at the police, court for tho purpose of giving evidence against his assailant. Tho case was called on and remanded for a week. It would appear that the nature of tho injuries re oeived was more dangerous than was at first thought. Horsewhipping a town clerk ia happily a pastime not often indulged in by the fair Bex The Smythesdale correspondent of the Star states that the town clerk of Smytheslale was horsewhipped thore on Friday by a Mrs Jones, ' It appears that Mr Kelland wont with an adver tisement to the Qrcnville Advocate office, and some conversation then took place .between him and Mra Jones, when very strong language as is stated was made u«e of on both sides, and Mrs Jones, who, it seems, had been nursing her wrath to keep it warm, in consequence ol the treatment she considers her husband to have received in hig'buiincig transactions with Mr ICelland, at length applied the whip vigor ously to that gentleman. Tho belligerents oame outside tho building and into the street, Mr Kellandpartly defending himself, and partly trying to wring the whip from Mm Jones. The lady at last, while holding on to the whip, fell on her knees, but still mauagod to retain pos session of the weapon.' Baliarat papers report a tarring and feather ing oasa at Little Bendigo on Friday after noon, in which Mr Israel Trasswell was the luffarer. ' He was one of tho applicants in tho recent case brought in tho warden's court against the Temperance Quartz Company, which case was dismissed for informality ; and in pursuance of, aa is believed, fresh proceed ings now being taken by him, he, in company with Mr Cowan, the Burveyor, rather impru dently ventured top near, tha enemy's camp. Bis presence was the signal for attack by somo ten miners, who ondeavored to drag him to tho ground, bat Mr Trusswell being a very strong man, kept his footing for some time, tkough he had eventually to succumb to numbers. No blows were direoted against him, but his clothes were torn in the scuflls, and a coating of taz and feathers was administered in such a man ner as to inflict tho greatest possible indig nity, and logal proceedings have been insti tuted againBt those who were recognised.' The Daylesford Mercury supplies the fol lowing gnake-story: — ' Ai a young man about eighteen years old, named William Henry Higginf, was lying in his bod at Clydesdale on Thursday morning, ho felt something bite him on the thigh. Involuntarily putting his hand down to feel what had hart him, ho was bitten in the finger also. Ho then told hie father that he had been attaoked by a snake, but the latter, thinking his son was mistaken, paid no attention to tho matter. Not long afterwards, however, a rustling was hctrd in some leaves, and one of theBe reptiles was discovered and killed. The usual symptoms of poisoning fol lowed, bnt four or live hours were lost before the sufferer was taken to Mr Case, chemist, of Yandoit. He administered brandy and am monia without any marked effect, for the patient trot so much worse that his life was considered in danger. At the latest aocouuts the sufferer was being walked about between two men, to prevent him falling into uncon sciousness, and a messenger sent lot a medical man.' A fatal accilent occurred to Mr Wm. Thorn torj, farmer, of. Cabbage Xree Flat, near Gis borno, on Tuesday. Mf ThorniGij, ^io ]-ad considerable skill and experience as a vetorinary surgeon, was handling a mare, when the animal reared and came down with both of its forefeet upon Mr Thornton's chest, Dr. Rigbyo, of Kynoton, was telegraphed for, bnt when he ar rived at Gisborne, Mr Thornton had breathed his lost. Deceased wai a member of the Gis bome United District Board, and was de servedly hold in very high esteem by his neighbors. Our Mount Gambier correspondent has been informed that in the neighborhood of Allan dale and Kingsley the almost total failure of the potato crop is anticipated. The disease appears to affect the roots, causing their decay. A fatal accident occurred at the Stony Creek waterworks on Friday morning, to a man named William Burnett. Ou lower ing into the excavation with a crane one of the huge stones for the basement of the tower in the reservoir, the stone was thought to have been properly landed on a pile cf stones 0 It. high, and when some little slack 0* tho chain had been givon ont the stone suddenly canted from the pile, and its great weight jerked into the crane, caused the handle to BtriKo the man who was holding it with fearful Joroe on tho head, killing him on the spot The force with which the man wai struck caused the iron handle of the crane to break aa though it were a (tick. In March last a miner named James Canty wai injured by a fall of earth in the claim in which he was working at Godfrey's Creek, and on the 7th April following he was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital, when it was found that he had a dislocation and fracture of the spine, causing paralygation of ths lower ex bremitie* and bladder. At first ha progressed favorably, bnt on Friday week he was seized with a~ shivering nt and severe painn ni lbs Beat Of ; the injury from the effects of which he gradually sank and died on Tuesda/ last. An inquest . resulted iu a VBrdict accorJaut with tht). factiri v ' , - ?-.-_ .. . The paessngers arriving at the port of Mel bourne during the past week numbered 665, BpBoified'thns:— From the neighboring colonies, 323 (of whom 39 came from New Zealand), from the XJnitod Kingdom, 341; and from Calcutta, 1. The Government Astronomer reports that tho weather during the past week was fine on 1 pleasant on tha 31st and Gib, very hot and sultry on the 1st, 2 ad, and 3rd, until noon of the 4th, when tbe wind went round to west, with rain squaHb towards 6voning ; blowing freBh and cold on the 5th. The highest temperatnre in the shade, 85.0 deg., was registered en the 3rd; the lowest, 43 0 deg., on the mowing of the 31st; the higho3t reading of the baro meter, 30 05G inches, occurred on the morning of tho 31st during a calm ; tho losveat, 29 702 inches, on the murnicg of thd-t'.h, with strong wind from N N.E. ; lightning was socn in S.W. aud W., on the evening of the 2jd. The rainfall during the week amounts to 0.10 inohes, making tho total rain since the beginning of the year 21.45 inches as compared with 15.20 during the same period in 1868, 21.53 do 1867, 18 71 do 18GG, 13.94 do 1865, 24.73 do 1864, 2(5 72 do 1863, 20.59 do 1862, 25.33 do 1861, 18.48 do 18C0. 19 8L do 1859, 16 53 do 1858, or an average of 20.14 inches. Dog fighting gonorally brings its attendant evils. T«vo farming men, at work on Mr Far rington's farm in Pentridge, on Saturday morning were engaged in that paBtime, which led to hot words of a threatening nature being, freely exchanged, when, without warning, one struck the other to the ground by a violent blow from a hay fork. Dr. Thos. Talbot'n assistance was soon obtained, and having pro nounced tho case one of fracture of the skull, with possible death resulting therefrom, the striker soon found himself in custody. Bath the prisoner and the injured man, King, are resi dents of tho plaoe, and have borne the cha racter hitherto of being peaceable citizens. : Mr Candlor held an inquest on Friday after noon, at the Yarra Bend Asylum, on the body of Catherine Fleming, who died on Wednesday last. It appeared that the woman was ill* mitted on the 20th January, 1867, suffering from dementia. From that time she gradually sank, getting weaker day by day, and Sinco the 3rd May last she had beoome so feeble as to be unable to leave her bed. Tho medical evidence went to show that tho cause of death was chronic wasting ef the brain and serous effusion. The jury returned a verdict accordingly. From the M'lvor Times wo learn that on Monday last a deal of excitement among tha miners waa causod by the report of payable gold having been discovered in shallow sinking in a pretty extensive Rully in a vory promising locality, aboat half way between Costerfield and the aite of the murderer's hut, whore Cooley re sided, on the Heathcoto and Radoastle road. Oar contemporary's representative visited tho localityl and pronounced the alleged discovery a delusion. Two particularly important subjeots aro to be brought under the notice of the members of the Royul Society this evening. Mr Cosmo Newberry will read a paper on the oocurreaoe and treatment of suipharets in auriferous quartz, Mr Sydney Gibbons has also promised one on [the ^interesting topic of water an! air poisoning in Melbourne. The usual meeting of tha classes of tho Artisans -Sohool of Design took place at the Trades Hal!, on Friday evening. Thoro were seventy- four members present, also five teaohers, and six of tho members of the Painters and Decorators Sooioty. During the evening a donation of sketches from the antique was received from Mr Hines, of the fine arc gallery, Collins-street. There were several visitors present, who were interested in the progress of decorative art ia the colony. The Theatre Riyal was exceedingly well at tended on Saturday night, when the ' Lady of LyonB1' was repeated, Miss R9sa Evxns achieving a great triumph aa Pauline. Mr Bandmann'a personation of Claude Melnotte is, by many of his admirers, ranked next to his Hamlot. To-night ', Othello' will ba again produced, and Mrs Stoeli will make her re-ap- . puarance as Emilia to Mr Bandmann's Iago. Mr Steele is cast for the role of Othello. Mr Frank Drew achieved a most unmistiko able success at thoDake of Edinburgh Theatre on Saturday night, when hs appeared in two leading parts, R --y O'More and Monsieur Jaques. The theatre was well filled and the appreciation of tha audienoe was ? strongly marked throughout the performanca. The company »npported Mr D/ow very fairly. Te-night this clever young aotor takes a benefit and it is to ba hoped it will be a real benefit. There were tw.o performances at Weston's for the accommodation of families ou Situr day. The first, in the afternoon, passed off very succeesfully, tho juveniles going into exUsies over some of the tricks, especially ov.ir tho production of an apparently unlimited supply of lollies out of an empty hat. Iu the evening there was a very full attendance. Tho principal feature of tho evening's enter tainment was the introduction of the ' Man tied np in a sackful of Ghosts,' the principal feature of whiou consists in Mr Chapman, whose hands have been handcuffed behind his back, liberating himself from a sack in which he has been tied np and sealed in. The trick was very cleverly managed. Tho handcuffs wore adjusted by a well-known police officer, who expressed conviction after the trick had been concluded that the handcuff - had never been off during his performance. The foundation stone of the now Wesleyan Church, Northcote, will Ise laid to- morrow by the Rev. W. Tayior, of California. M. C. C. Athletic Sports. — Tha entries for the spring meeting of the Melbourne Cricket Club Athletic Sports will bo received at tho Port Phillip Club Hotel, from 7 to 9 this evening. The Annual Fetb of the Grand United Old Fellows will take place in the Zoologisal Gardens to-morrow. A varied list of sports has been provided, inclnding a Cninaisan's raoe, a bioyole and tricycle race, and a lady's tricycle race, for which the winner will receivo five guineas. ; Publications Received. — ' First Commu nion ;' a confirmation address, by tho Rev. H. B. Macartney, jun., incumbent of Si. Mary's, Caulfield. Samuel Mullen, Collins-street east. ' Office Calendar for 1870.' Melbourne : Messrs Mason, Firth and Co. For reference as to dates, and arrival and departure of the English mail, the calendar will be a useful ad junct to every mercantile man. Messrs MaBon and Co.'a Sheet Almanac ia also to hand. In addition to all the usual matter of an almanac it contains a wall executed map of the Austra lian colonios and the adjacent islands. A meetiko of shareholder* in the Ebor Mining Company, Majorca, was held on Friday afternoon at the office of the company, Queen street. Messrs Famine, Black, Kissane, Clarke and Searll were elected directors. Mr George Roxburgh was appointed legal manager, and Mr Peter jrat'.istm '?***'' manager. The prospects of this company are saiJ Io be nl£St encouraging. The Ieas3, comprising 2000ft along the course of the reef, which has been proved to a depth of 200ft, has been executed ; and the first cruthing, 82 tons of quartz, yielded 117oz 6dwt 12gr of gold. About 30 tons of stone are now at graie, and it is anticipated that the next crushing will yield even better returns than last week. CnuBcn or St. Peter and St. Paul, Emerald hill. — The memorial stone of the new Roman Catholic Ciiuroh of St. Peter nnd St. Paul, in Montagne-atreet, Emerald-hill, waB laid yesterday morning by Dean Fit's patrick, V.G., in the presenoe of about 200 spectators. The Rev. Isaao Msore, S.J., preached an eloquent sermon, and the collection realised about £300 in cash and notes of hand. The church is of blueatons, and will be a very handsome one when completed,, measuring 120 feet by 154 feot, with a tower and spin? 3.35 feet high, at the north-weBt corner. Nearly £2000 has already been ex pended on the building, the walls 0! which are partly reared. A farther expenditure of £2000 will be required to finish it so far as to allow of its being opened for publio worship, and the entire cost of tha church, when completed ac cording to the arohiteot's design with the tower and other ornamental appendages, will be £8,500. Mr T. H. Kelly is the architect, and the noctraotors are Messrs Little and Boyne. The Late Rev W. Kennedy Muir. — The death of the Rev. William Kennedy Mnir, M.A., recently iettled at Elstsrnwiok, occurred on Friday. A contemporary publishes this kindly notice of the revereud gentleman's brief but uaeiul career:— A yonnj minister of no ordinary ability and attainments, his re moval thus early will prove a heavy Iobb, not merely to his congroga'ion, but to the colony. As a strident h« nchiev^d a lii^h *?-.-.? University 0/ E linburRh, wh&K;™ '' «» and .ab.eqa.ntly inerLUd Ws g11^ the N*w Collego, E liabar.h whern I m theology. Towards tbe cl^'^*1 curriculum, his health be»an to oh-., hla hi, da.eh.biU of stady.-anV hTvTd?*' -luene*.d.rectad.U^pflnd-»oma-turoJn^S!- lhere he was associated, with the^™ g?pt- missionaries, and took part in- theft l.£'U availing himself of various op^SfaJ6'; travel and .n^ghUntoTorioatal cLtoma I,? a. itay of about eighteen montba nml'fi i-er his health consider-ably, restored C ret I ? home, and arranged with tha V p ''f11^ Commute*' to come out to-thecilMr v shortly after landing his - preaching^ *% qualities found him many friends A congregation was formed at E 8te'rnwlw7 secure hia service*, and in a remarkably lr°. time he was settled, over a very enihffl people. E verytbiug promised well, bat^ thu3 on tho threshold of a nromic rT bea his health, nev.r' thoroughly resto^d °S gave way. Ko preached a most a'lle di«o? on the Sabbath .Uer-.ub ordir.«,on ' ^ blood vessel bursting shortly after L 1' occupied bis pu.pit° againf but' 2*Z betwsss bitter and worse till yesterday do jj '? the sad struggle. Ho leaves a wido* and cttiia, together with his' sister, to moon. M Joss, Througaoat his illness his con^HS manifested the truoit sympathy, and °J™ assiduous in thp.ir endeavors to afford camfe J to himself and friends. A. „ preacher^ ' a high rank-vigorous and indepjatot h thought, clear and terse in Btyjp-auei,^ preacher as the colony cannot well spsia': wwit, his attainment 3 in Hebrew and oriental sohol.7 ships were.Bnch as would have proved In' valuaMe_ to the church. By hig own: con™' gation kis memory will long be cherished, Ji his few words spoken to them will how acquire a deeper significance than ever. . 