V THE'BISHOP OP GRAFTON AND .ARMIDALE. '. ' ' CFxom Ùîc-Morniiig ?Àilccrti)ér:j I j v 'YESTERDAY,1, according .to. .provlous announcement, \ belügt tho last Sunday which tho'Bishop of Grafton \ahd Armidnlo ; would, spend in England previous to his departure for his distant'diocese, farewell sermons wero held at St.- Lawrence Jewry, Gr«shnm-xlrcct. Tho\cnmniuniiin table wasprofusely covered with Howers and evergreens, rouifd tho pulpit wasn wroaih of green, and the church was festooned with mottoes, crosses, &c.;, Sto. ; ' f :" . ; . ' "After morning prayer and tho ante-communinn ser- vice had been sting, tho Bishop, who wore, besides his episcopal robos, his college hood,: wns escorted tn tho pulpit by robed choristers. Tho sermon was prefaced willi "In tho nomo of tho Father, nnd of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost," the prolate turning to tho oast^ns ho spoke. Tho text was taken from tho First ' Eplstlo-of St. '-Peter, c. 4, v. 7, " Hut tho end nf all things isjlnt limul : bo ye thcreforo sober, and wa toll unto prayer." The preacher said thnt tho day« from tho As'conslon to tho Feast of Whitsuntide wero called by tho ancient chut ch " expectant week," expressive of tho earnestness with which the apostles waited for the descent of the Holy Ghost. Tho lllslinp then spoke of tho many ways in which tho words, " Tho end of all things is at hand," lind beon ex- plained. By somo lt was.said to íofer to tho destruction of Jerusalem ¡ by others it hod been sold to refer to man's dontli, which wis tho ond of all things to him 'so far as tho world was concerned ¡ but the moro natural and higher explanation wns that of the coming of Christ. Tho Hight Hey. prolato then spoko of tho other part of his toxt, " Bo yo sober," which in the original meant nn notion of tho soul moro than tho body. " To bo sober" referred to tho temper, tho diameter, and:tho. general behaviour; Men should bo steadily religious, living up to tho Cluistinn sttmdnrd, cnrefnl over the lifo mid the Hp-thoBO who will sacrificó for truth., and not like tiloso who wero of tho world, and who wero content to attend, church once a week nnd to whom religious zenl was offensive. This sober mindedness was akin to charitv, that charity which was of tho highest character. Tho Bishop concluded .".by speaking.to tho last oíanse, "Watch unto prnyer." The bishop preached again in the evening. . '.Tho night-Hov. Dr. Turner, recently consecrated Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, Now South Wales, will bo' accompanied tn his diocese by tho Her. Frederick Farrer, H.A., rector of Higbury, Devon- shire, and tho Kev. F. H. Davis, M.A. . His I.orelship, Mrs. Turnor, nnd the Hov, F. Farror, M.A.,- (the Bishop's chaplain), sailed in tho ship Cotrmils<nry, Captain Wagstaff, which vessel sailed from London, for Sydney on tho 19th of, May Inst; his Lord-hip mny thercfoto be expected to arriva in Grafton about the middle of next month; .1 