j . THIS IS, BEST!', \ v -fifP tlie Hditort of the Protestant Standard.) Sir, r-r Your leader, VA Contrast.-r1- Which.ie Best ? "..is; evidently, written by a ,master, , whose, heart feels the. force of .the cpntpast between ithe false and the real in; religion, and the writer/would, in answer 'to . that query, " Which is Best," echo, " This is Best " to wit: A full nmrl frank surrender of one's self to God, and " no surrender " of Heaven's prerogatives to, Man!. Every one, who would be a true- hearted Christian patriot must, see to it, first, that the foundation is laid on a solid basis, else ; what is built thereon; though seemingly secure, will prove : unstable when the Bearing storm-burst beats against the wall. Well, then, one known to the writer was led to. consider, How this, surrender to God should be gone about ? and his experience is subjoined for the calm deliberation of any reader of the Standard who may really he seeking light as to the best way of doing that duty unreservedly, Dei Gratia. a surrender to God ! ' "Yield yourselves unto God." — Rom. G,13. " Be ,yc reconciled to God, that ye may bb made the, .righteousness of God in, Christ j' — 2 Cor. v. 20,21. . /In, the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, the Infinite all-in-all, and through the love ;of the Eathor, God, the Grace : and Truth; that came by His Son, the: Lord Jesus . Christ; and the fellowship, of the Holy Ghost, I, A. B., on this the day 6f' — : — 18-—. under a felt awe of spirit, and innate relentings of heart for its sacrilegious withholdings from the holy claims, feel constrained to confess their, most strict justice, and desire, mojo, with a full.unrc- servedncss of will . to. "yield myself to God," and embrace the bonds of His everlasting Covenant. In so doing, may His Word be con firmed , to mo, " I have entered into Covenant with thee,' and thou art become mine I " So be it. And His first. That I, A. B., .may count my self from this day onwards as " dead to sin but living, to God through Jesus Christ," and new life will spring up in me towards Thee— from the Spirit's spring of living waters— springing up in me unto everlasting life ! And His second. That I, A. B., may com mit myself to Him in soul, hody, and spirit, in the assured hope of safety and happiness in this world and that world to come. Knowing this, that He is able and willing to keep my trust against the day of his coming — and will not re ject a worm- Jacob— that yields and relieB on His pre-covenant mercies. And His third.— That I, A. B., may not merely in faith which a priori aims towards my special well-being and safety, but to the end, that I walk in love through that grace con strained by His tome; for how can I choose but love Hiin, and shew it in my walk, converse and service ? How can I covet but to be His, entirely His, if I love Him? I'll covet to be near Him, to lead my life with Him, as always in His eye, and never in the world without Him as aforetimes ! He will loosen all sacrilegious bonds; and bind me Ahew'tb 'Himself, to he His servant I jiiYefei Thine; O Glorious Master. I, a worm- Jacob, and Thou the, high and lofty One ,tliat fills infinity. I'll come to His footstool and bow before Hfs throne, '..anil subscribe with my hand to IIim\agaihst whom l have sinned, and in whose pure glance I, ashamed, blush ! Yet, wondrous Grace and Truth, He. is willing to accept mo, and He: makes mo willing. to accept Him in His own 'way— by yielding "myself to Him'! 'How reasonable the terms of reconcilia tion? O, .how condescending- the Father of Spirits? . ,l:do and will rejoice in heart and spirit- this day, and bless His holy name, that I am made willing to say, " Lord, here I aui, I now yield andimake a full surrender of self— soul, body and .spirit to Thee— they arc Thine and for ever. Thine ; is an everlasting Covenant never to be annulled or broken, and I'll review and renew this act and deed again and again on Thy Day — and by Thy Spirit in me, I'll never forget it!". And as I; A. B., in this act make a willing surrender of my whole being as a man to God, it is to 'Him as my Sovereign Ruler and dis poser, through Christ Jesus, the Mediator of the gracious Covenant, my Saviour, constrained by the influence of the Holy Spirit; that I may- bo "a living sacrifice." "Alive from the dead," "to be to the praise of the glory of His Free Grace," — for ever saered to Him. And now, I, A. B., -thank Thee that I feel-in this; engagement so entirely willing, albeit humbled, in heart and mind, yet rejoice amid trembling 'whilst I cheerfully subscribe with my hand to Thee — my Covenant-keeping God ! And, 0, Glorious Grace and Truth, become do facto and de jure ; " adjoined in the One Spirit to the general assembly — to the Church of the first born ones written in heaven — to the innu merable company of Angels— and to the spirits of just men made perfect." To David's spirit by David's Lord, and say in love, through faith, "Thou, my sure portion, art alone "—David's portion and surety of mercies— was Mary's " good part," and 'tis this, the same lot is mine inheritance ! Seal abundant grace and. the gift of righteousness to it, and then : I'll -wear that seal of the King on my right hand, -inscribed— " To the praise of the Glory of Free Grace ! "' hence and for ever.. . And now say, reader, don't y off think this is best? ''' j-,: - -iL-ia. ' "'V'-jSiEMO. : , , I!1 T-.i; 