? The Ghost m:—"We are authorised to ftate that the editor of the Empire is indignant at the rumor which has been exten- sively circulated t&at; his journal does not correctly expound tbe -vie we of the Ministry. He assures us, in self vindication, that tie leading articles are written by the Ministers themselves. ' The same journal also states t—We are informod that Mr. Macleay's Conspiracy Beport consists of three leldiog articles which were written for the Empire and rejected by that journal as jfcelow its standard of vigor and liveliness. ; Katheb AwxwABB.-Not lone sinoe a green looking eoantryman walked intothe office of Dr. C. Jackson, the ehemiBt, Dr. Jackaon, I presume,' said he. 'T?es, air." ' Are yon alone V ' Xes, sir.*/ ' May I lock the door ?' sod he did so; and, after having looked behind, the sofa and satisfied himself that no one else' was in the room, he placed if large bundle, done up in yellow bandanna, on the ta!bl<>, and opened it. ' There, doctor,' said lie,''-lookat that.' ' Well,' said the doctor, ' I ;see it." ' What do you call that, dootor ?' IX«all that iron pyrites.' 'What!' said the man. ' iBn't that stuff gold f ' No,' said the doctor,'it's good for nothing; it's pyrites;' and putting some over tbe fire in a shovel, it evaporated up the chimney. ' Wal,' aaid the poor fellow, with a woe-begone look,' them's awidder woman np in oar town who has a whole biH full of that, and I've been and married her.' Spirit Rapping.—' How many children have If sjsked a woman of a epirft rapper. ' Foot.' ' And how-many have I P'asked her liuifband. ' Two!' .was tbe astounding reply. Mistake somewhere. New Definitions—Water : a clear fluid once used as a drink. Policeman: a man employed to sleep in the opefi air. Bargain : a ludicrous translation in which either party . thinks he has cheated the other. Esquire • everybody yet nobody, equal to captain. Jury ; twelve prisoners in a box to try one at the bar. Informer : a wretch who is pardoned for being baser than his comrades, lawyer:* leafned gentleman who rescues your estate from your enemy and keeps it himself. Chihesb Temple.—A new joss house, which it is said haa been for some time in course ofereotion, and eost the Chinese about £700 was opened with great rejoicings on Friday morning last, at Ballarat East. At an early hour in the morning a large num. ter of pigs and goats were brought up on trays in a cooked state, and having remained there for some hours as a saorifice to tbe Sods, made up the subject of a sort of religious inner, accompanied byfowhand other delicate fare. The animals were dressed in a fantastio manner, with wire run through them for the purpose, and on the backs of some of them were placed the fowls. The priests were dressed in costumes, which were of a very expensive kind, some of them costas ^Buch as £87. The place was much crowded during the day, and we are sorry to say, observes a local paper, that the Chinese were much pat about by the visit of a portion of tbe EuropeaA mining population, who made tun of. them, and considering all that -was passing " bosh" did not hesitate to express that opinion to the devotees. 8t. Budget's Cohtkkt, Aibuby.—Three youog ladies will receive the white veil at tha Albnry Convent next Sunday. The ceremony will be performed by the Very Bev. Dr. McAlroy, V.G. One of the ladies that take the veil is Miss Jane Hilly, third daugh - ter of our respected townsman, Mr. Owen Hilly.—Goulburn Argus. Eleotioseebhtg NR the West. —It is commonly supposed General Freemont lost his election out West by dividing his hair down the middle. The honorable Samuel M. has often assured me that on Mb first candidature for office in Oregon tenitoiy, certain of the baser sort" voted agin* him 'cause of his putting on airs" in respect of wearing a white shirt, or, as they irreverently styled it, a " boiled rag." In an essay on " practical jokes," in Chamber? Journal, there is agood story of a French auditor of accounts, who was a great practi. cal joker all his life, and even played a trick after be had lost the power of enjoying it. He left four large candles to be carried at Lis funeral, and they had not been burning fifteen minutes before they went off as fireworks! A Yankee paper, in describing a shipwreck, aavs that " the mate of the veasel, who was the only survivor of the crew, found biwself cast upon an uninhabited island, without a shilling in his pocket.'" 