~7THE fTHE£TKE BOTAL. The Montgomery season opened on Monday evening with a crowded house, every part of the theatre being so crammed that many persons, were unable to obtain sitting room. His Excel lency Sir James and Lady Edith' Fergusson; were present, and there was a grand gathering of leading citizens with their families in the boxes. As we have seen Mr. Montgomery in the part of Hamlet before at the Royal, we are not called upon for any lengthy account of ? his performance on this occasion. A more attentive and delighted audience could hardly be imagined than that which wel comed Mr. Montgomery' on bis1 first appearance of .this season on the Adelaide stage; and no one who was present could doubt that the taste forj ihe drama is not exfiiict in Adelaide, 'but ,will 'show itself whenever called forth by real ineSriti; Mr. Montgomery displayed in perfec tion his marvellous f acuity for portraying the shifting phases of a complex character ; of ren dering : Hamletfs varying passions and emo tions ;' of showmg him in his love, grief, horror, wrkth^ and revenge; and reproducing his subtle humor, keen sarcasm, and searching inquisition info the hearts he knew to be guilty. Where all; was excellent it is difficult to particularise ; but the scene with the Queen, wheie he shows hef crime in its true colors, was ??& master piece of acting. . The attention of the audience was too rapt for boisterous cheering, Ibut ap plause came heartily enough at times, and at the close Mr. Montgomery had to appear before the curtain. Mr. ? Darrell gave & . fair rendering of : Horatio, though with 'the defect of some want of feeling and earnest sympathy with his friend. Mr. Streeton appeared as the King of Denmark, and did not fall into the error of making him too Mogly, so that there might be a danger of mistaking the ' fair mountain' for the ** moor.' Miss Juno. was effective as the Queen, and threw ' a world of earnest ness and expression' into ' her love for her eon, and .. remorse at her own; guil£. Her affection for poor Ophelia was naturally displayed, and the regal dignity fairly preserved. Mr. Musgrave did justice to'Polo nius, and did .hot, like too many impersonators of jthe unfortunate, old £man, malign him by representing him as a mere gabbling dotard. Mr. Monro surpassed himself as Laertes, and once or twice elicited a merited cheer. He could not always quite over come his jerkiness, but some of the pathetic passages were rendered with a display of genuine feeling, and the last scene of all was well acted. Mr. Bellair was solemn and unearthly as the Ghost, ^and his delivery was impressive and .even .thrilling. Miss Stonehani de serves credit for the way in which she ren dered the very difficult part of Ophelia, which was 'not. particularly adapted to her styled of aetiner. JNow' and then the gentle mournfu pathos 'of Ophelia's distraction was scarcely preserved ; but, on the .whole, a truthful con-, ception of the character was Bhowh. ' Mr. HDl played the role of the first gravedigger with a good deal of grim humor, and was well sup ported T-y Mk Martin as the second gravedigger. The remaining characters were acted by the rest of the company. The -scenery was exquisite, and the piece was admirablyr-puten. the stage. On Tuesday evening Mr. Montgomery ap geared tit the Theatre Boyal as John -Mildinay , iu' Still Waters Eun Deep,' and the attend ance was scarcely so large as might have been expected from the reputation of the actor, and especially his fame in. this particular character. Without .hesitation we place this imperso nation on a level with Jefferson's Salem Scudder, and- it would be ' impossible to award higher praise. From the fact that the acting of the two characters by the Yankee and the Englishman respectively has so much in common, some ~ persons have drawn the conclusion that the Britisher has copied from his brother , artiste. Well, if Mr. Montgomery has had the opportunity of seeing Joe Jefferson on thV stage, it would be a poor compliment to him to suppose that he did1 not profit by the lessons of such a master of the histrionic art, but for all that John Mildmay is no imitation. While, in important respects Mildmay and Salem Scudder are much anke, there are sufficiently marked, points of difference to make it certain that an imitation of Jefferson's .Salem Scudder in a representation off John Mildmay would be infallibly detected. Supposing that by the; skill of the actor, every national' peculiarity, every trace of Yankee twang and Yankee manners were kept out of sight, : and, that through a long two hours, the; interpreter of the dramatist never in a single - instance betrayed the- source of his' inspiration^ there -are still matters in which the copyism' would be apparent. .John Mildmay and .Salem have parts to play essen tially different from each other. In the first place, Salem wasnever taken for a greenhorn, and had no occasion to allow himself to pass for one. Then, Miidmay's contest %ith villainy is complex^ di&oultjandartistic;, whereas Salem'sis almost purely ainaUer of courage and coolness. Another essential difference is, that Salem had, not the task of contending against^ women, and blending authority and reproof with the finest chivalry. Doubtless Salem was capable of all this ; but that is not the part allotted to him by the dramatist:* Considering that while there is so much, similarity between the two charac ters there are so many matters in which their circumstances and experience are unlike, it is impossible that the impersonator of one could' be a mere copyist of* the other without plainly betraying the oiracv in such a manner that there could be no reasonable dispute about it. : We need not further describe Mr. Montgomery's rendering of this character ; we .can only recommend those who wish ? to see finished acting to avail themselves of the next occasion of its repetition. Last year, a gentle man in the boxes, without a very accurate idea of the object of dramatic representations, was present at the Theatre Royal when Mr. Mont gomery was playing as JohnMildmay^ and after restraining his impatience for some time he ex claimed ' Why that fellow is a regular muff ; he walks about and jabbers just as if he were in a parlor.'1 Unconsciously our unsophisticated friend paid a tribute to the excellence of the impersonation to which we feel unable to add anything. The great villain of the plot, Captain Hawksley, was represented by Mr. George Dariell, who did not exactly make a, hit in his rendering of the character. At the commencement his delivery and style were decide-lly unctuous, and had- a positively devotional fltvor; V»u.t in these points he improved as he went on. There were two essen tial defects, however, running through the con ception of the part — a want of dash and cool ness. The former was almost wanting, and the latter displayed in such a way as to strike one as a forced simulation; Mr. Musgraye was very natural aa Potter, with his easy- going disposi tion, and deference to and admiration of his strong-minded sister. There was a deal of humor in his urging that if he demurred to Mrs. Sternhold's opinion he always ended by yielding, to it, and altogether Mr. Potter may be considered as one of the best of Mr. Mils grave's -many excellent impersonations. Miss Juno was particularly effective as Mrs. Stem hold, and acted the part throughout evenly and with great fidelity to nature. Her scenes with Hawksley and her nephew-in-law were rendered with great power and pathos, and nothing could be more perfect than her gratitude to Mildmay when she found he had delivered her from the danger that hung over her. Miss Norman was not so successful as Mrs. Mildmay, there being a great want of depth and earnest ness in her delineation of this character. Mr. Martin gave a fair' idea of the Irish 'confederate of Hawksley, and his decided repudiation of him when the bracelets were on, had a good-deal -~of-pantoinimic~humor -in it.- — The- farce of 'Nan; the Good-for- Nbthing' com pleted the programme.' On .Wednesday evening 'Othello' was played at the Theatre by Mr. Montgomery to a good house. His Excellency Sir James and Lady Edith Fergusson, Major Vivian, and other officers of the 14th, and a number of leading citizens were present, and there wasfa large attendance of ladies. ' Othello 'is not one of Mr. Montgomery's greatest impersonations, the part not affording so wide a scope for the genius of an eminent actor as other Shakesperian cha racters. The Moor, with all his chivalry and honesty, is not very difficult to understand, in fact it is essentially part of his character that his motives should be transparent and Mb disposition far removed from anything approaching to guile, or concealment, -His soldierly bearing, rough frankness, generosity, absorbing love for his wife, and anguish at her supposed infidelity do not require the rarest order of talent to repro duce, though, according to the skill of the actor, these features of character may be exhibitee with greater or less effect White this portrait may be marred, by an unskilful ' artist, tine original does not run anything approaching to the iisk Iago' does of being' totally misinter preted. Mr. Montgomery's rendering of Othello is full of power, though it is not impossible to detect defects in it. While the picture of a brave, ' open, and loving heart, racked with jealousy and grief, overpowered with the sense of cruel wrong and bitter desolation, is drawn in vivid colors, there is a want of completeness in the painting. Othello's majesty of mien has scarcely sufficient prominence, and does not, as it should, form a leading feature. Throughout the Moor's paroxysms of passion, and in all the depths of bis agony, the hero and the commander should not be lost sight of, or should only be obscured for a brief interval ; but in the representation on Wednesday evening Othello, tortured by Iago, or expending his wrath ' or remorse in Desdemona's chamber, bore too little resem blance to the General' before the Venetian nobles, or the commander preserving disci pline in his fortress. The same man should be apparent throughout, his various qualities blending' with and throwing light upon each other. ' The acting was, however, of no small merit. Incidents were represented with thril ling effect, .and the varying emotions that swayed the mind of the Moor were displayed in glowing colors. It was hoped that we should have seen Mr. Motgomery as lago ; but this arch villain was represented by Mr. Bellair. It is not of ten— at any rate in Adelaide— that we can hope to see both Othello and his .Ancient efficiently represented. . We generally abandon ourselves to the. conviction that one must be sacrificed; and we are seldom disappointed. Mr. Bellair seemed to have as vague a concep tion -of the character as one could well imagine. Iago declaimed where he should have sneered, and indulged in the growl, if not the roar of the lion, where the hiss of the ser pent would have been more appropriate. The cynicism, keen biting sarcasm, subtle plotting and ingenious ? malignity of the wretch were buried beneath abundance of attitude and action, and a somewhat ore rotunda delivery. Even where the dialogue was given softly it was too often destitute of fitting expression, and for the satirical or cruelly mocking in uendo a touch of something like low. comedy was substituted. The consummate art with which Iago^ plays upon every chord of other -natures, suits his treatment to each particular ; character, and bends every passion or motive in ±he minds of his victims .to his own purposes, was certainly not exhibited intelligibly ; and, in fact, except by the verbiage, it was almost impossible to recognise Iag'6, unless in some of his expressions of hate. Miss Juno's Desdemona was an undoubted success. Quiet, yet earnest, it was a fitting representation of the gentle., loving, spotless wife, full of love for her lord and dismayed and astonished at his alienation.* The last scene; so difficult in some hands to preserve from an approach to the absurd, : was -;.. rendered ? jwith perfect pathos.. ., . The - delivery was : appropriate and telling, without the slightest trace of straining after effect. Mrs. Stoneham was scarcely adapted for the mercurial, sprightly Emilia; but she showed a fair conception of the' part, and was energetic to a fault. in her vindication of her slandered, and murdered mis tress, The rendering was of too robust an order; but was riot ineffective, and was re warded with hearty applause. Poor Roderigo was effectually burlesqued by Mr. .Hill,. whose comicalities culminated in the killing scene, which was as farcical as .it could well be made. His' rendering of the character excited . fre quent ebullitions of ' merriment, and his last: appearance was rewarded with great laughter. ; Why Roderigo should be repre sented in the light of. a buffoon, instead of a weak commonplace aristocrat, : who is being duped, we cannot imagine, but -suppose this is a provision for affording some relief to acute susceptibilities top much taxed by the tragedy. Mr. Munro made a very fair Cassio, and Mr. Musgraye was at home in the role of Desde mona's father. . During the performance Mr. Montgomery frequently elicited applause, and Miss Juno was equally fortunate, receiving also several flowery offerings at the close. . Mr. Munro won. plaudits in several passages. The farce of 'The Secret '.concluded the enter tainment.5 : - ' \ 