TOOWOOMBA POLICE COURT. Tuesday. September 7. (Beforo Messrs. T. Plows ami E. W. Robinson, Esqrs., J.'s P.) William Murphy brought two charges of assnnTt against Roger and John M'Quillan, living on the Highfields. road. The dispute apparently arosa owing to the wounding ofneow. Thomas Walsh de- nosed to seeing Roger M'Quillnn strike plaintiff, but there was a fence between them. Tho cases were dismissed. Air.' Hamilton for defendants. Randolph Versailli, on remand, appeared in cus tody charged with stabbing aud wounding ono Henry Lange, of Irishtown. Tho Sulwlnspoctor, from information received, apprehended Versailli on tho above charge, and the wounded man not being able to attend, an appli cation wns made for a furthor remand. Michael M'Caffrey deposed to apprehending iho prisoner on tho High.fieidn road about two o'clock on tho morning of tho 3rd instant, nnd told him tho chnrgo, when prisoner told him there had been a row, and that Lango camo to his house and bent his wife. Tho Bench proposed hearing' tho'statoraonf of Dr. Sachso. Mr. Ocock objected' to aqy evidence being given by tho doctor at that stage. There was no case against bis client, no information being laid by tbo man stated to bavq been injured. - The Bench overruled tho objection, and Dr. Sachse deposed lama duly quatificd me dical practitioner, and live in Toowoomba; on Friday last, tho 3rd instant, a German by the name of Henry LaDgo, camo to my place with hit wifo; his head and faco were covereu with blood, nnd on his right tomplo was nn incised wound/ hlceding profusely : I probed the wound nnd found it to bo threo quarters of an. inch wide, and it pene trated tho tomplo muscle to tho depth of one inch» slantinor nton? tho' temnla bono war hIm fracture of the nasal bones ; there was an incised wound across tho lower lip; tho left side of the head was bruised to a considerable extent ; tho patient was very weak, perhaps from loss of blood ; I 6cnt for tho Police Inspector to como and see the patient ; ho came, aud on my representation ffeit tho wound ou the templo might have a fatal efiect from erysipelas, which sometimes tnkos place under such circumstances, ho requested mo to givo him a certificate to that effect, which I did. By Mr. Plews : From tho appearance of th« wound on tho temple, I am of opinion it fifcted by a sharp cutting instrument; I have soon Henry Lango every duy since ; I saw him yeatep day, and ho is now out of danger ; I think ho will be able to appear before tho Court in about a week. Cross-oxamincd by Mr. Ocock : When Lango camo to mo I probed tho wound on the right tomplo, which was bleeding profusely, and found it to be one inch in depth ; the temple artory was not in jured— tho temple artery is not there ; tho severing of tho temple veins causing tho profuso. bleeding; Lango resides at Irish Town, about two miles from my placo; the biood was clotted all over bia bead, and whon I washed it and cut tho hair away it blod more freely ; you might havo been dead if you bad lost so much blood ; I have no shop. (Mr. Ocock apologised.) On tho application, pf Sub-Inspcctor Harris, tho case was remanded till next Tuesday. ' # Bail allowed— prisoner in £80, and two sureties in £40 each. « Christiana Versailli v. Anne Lange.— Charge of assault. On tho application of the Sobdnspcctor, this case was also postponed, so that the preceding case might be heard-, first. John McQuillan nnd Roger McQuillan e.'Wil. Ham Murphy. — Charge of maliciously wounding'a cow. mr. Hamilton, tor pinintiffs, npplicff to amend the information, by inserting the '4th September instead of tho "1st September," which wasao ceded to. Mary McQuillan deposed: I live on the High, field Road with my brothers Roger, and John ; I know William Murphy; his place 'adjoins my brothers'" plaio; my brother hns cows— he ban a red cow branded JG on, shoulder abd ribs; on tho evening of tho 1st of September," 1 jaw. tbo cow in tho bush about six or seven o'clock, when it went into defendant's wheat; tho awheat. is- enclosed with a bush fence ; I heard a person cooeylog, and I went out, when I heard somo person say, Wil liam, tho cow is in the wheat;" I then saw do- fondant running towards the cow, but I saw no thing in his hnnd; tho covfewas about fifteen or sixteen perches from me; when ho camo near tho cow he walked slowly, drew a weapon, and struck her ; he tried to turn her towards his own house, and she would not go ; tho cow ran out of the wheat on to some potatoe drills, and Ke pursued her; all this time some person was cooeying to him; I only saw prisoner strike the, cowonco; I went back to my mother; I saw the cow again that evening; I could not say whnt bo struck tho cow with, but I thought it was nn axe ; about' tin hour and three quarters afterwards I wont to tho stockyard and the cow was. there; the cow was holding up its off foro foot, and could scarcelv get ioto tho yard ; between six and seven o'clock'next morning I went to tho stockyard and found tho cow there trembling ; there were two cuts— ono on the shoulder and the other on tho ribs ; we got two mco— Mr. Garrett and Mr. Hart— to dress tho cow's wounds that morning; tho cow belongs to my two brothers; tho cow is hot ablo to lift Iter leg yet ; at the time tbo cow was struck I saw no ono but Murphy; defendant wns splitting timber on that day on tho Government road noxt his own paddock. r uy uoienaani: J ins took place on tho evening of the 1st September; I turned her out of the stockyard about eight o'clock that morning; I noxt saw her betweeu five and six o'clock in the evening in ynur wheat; you wore on the left aido of tho cow when, you stfuck her; I did not seo tho wound then. Gnrrctt deposed : I know John and Roger McQuillan ; I was sent for by them on the 2nd of this month about seven o'clock in tho moroin»- I wenfcto their yard and saw a red cow there; she had two cuts on her— ono on iho ribs nnd one on the shoulder ; the cuts were about two inches deep, being through the hide . aud into tho flesh the cut on the shoulder wns a sort of round cut and the other was a straight cut across tho ribs a stick would not cause such wounds, but it might' have been done with an nxo-it must have been dono with some edge tool ; I stitched the wounds up with n needle and twino; I saw tho cow onco since— sho was then feeding and looked lively-; tho cuts were fivo or six inches in length. John Hart corroborated tho evidence of tho last witness, and stated he helped to sew ud tho wounds of the cow. Tins Was the case for the prosecution, and Tho Court was adjourned for nn hour. On its reopening, Thomos Walsh deposed : I nm a farmer, and live on tho Highfields road ; nn tho 1st September I snw n red cow branded JG 1" places,- belonging to John and Roger McQuillan in Murpby s paddock of wheat : I drove the cow out of the wheat myself just about sundown ; I droyo her across the paddock' and through the sapling fence; as I was driving her out, defendant came from another direction and met mo ; before tho cow got to tho fence I threw a waddynthcr ; when sho got outside tho fence, she stood, and I said to Murphy he had betted shift her or she would como back again ; lie went toward her and lifted his hand, saying. " Get on Mft-ii ' r something liko it; I saw Mi, a McQuillan jnst as I was npnroacbing the cow, and When I throw tfio stick at the cow Miss McQuillan was 6ome eight or nine chains from mo; defendant aod myself afterwards went back, got our tools and went homo. By Mr. Dodd (for Mr. Hamilton) : When I first got up to the cow defendant was coming into his paddock at tho other end where it was not cleared ; I droso the cow somo ten chains across tm the pnddock before reaching tbo leuco ; defendant Joined me just as tho cow went through tbo fence t defendant's paddock is not fenced on the side of the public rond, but tlic end fences croon ttio publio road and joins M'Quinlan's two- railed fence. John Moore,' farmer, living At High-fields, knew the cow in question ; taw her on tho road opposite his door on tho oveningof tho 1st Sep tember, nbout n quarter or half an hour after sun down ; tho cow was notwounded at that timo ; ho followed the cow up tho lane, driving her in tho direction of homo. Cross-examined by Mr. Dodd : As I was stand ing at my'door tho cow was corning towards my left hand, nnd passed on in tho direction of my right; I saw her pass on nbout ten chains, And did not seo hor afterwards that night ; 1 could not bco the left side of the cow when she was passing ; «bo bad her right sido towards me. By tho Bench : I walked on after tho cow for lover half the distance of the ten chains; I was quite closo to her — in fact alongside of her at one time, on the left-hand side, next Murphy's pad- 'dock ; I saw no wounds ; tho cow was not walkiog lnmo. By defondnnt : I oxamincd the cow last Monday morning, nnd the wound on the shoutdor was about twelvo inches in length, and tho one on tho -ribs about four or five inches long, And ended in a kind- of jagged- hole ; no kind of nxo that I havo ever seen could havo inflicted such a wound. Michael 'Moore, labourer, deposed: I am work- yng at Higbflelds at present ; I went to M'Quillan's on Monday laat in company with tho last wilncss, :'nnd examined the wounded cow ; the wound on the shoulder looks like a half circle, and if mca- .cured in a straight lino it would be ten or twelve inches in length ; the wound on the ribs is nbont font or five inches ; I havo never seen any nxo that wound inflict such a wound ; wo. went with tno ODjcci oi settling tno matter uetwuen ncign- hours; I was not particularly interested in tha matter, for I was under 'ho' compliment to either of them. Tha Bench decided thoro was no cvidonco to ' warrant their sending tho enso to a jury, and dis missed it. William Dunegb v. Mrs. Peardon, charge of il- \- legally Retaining property, consisting of clothing, ' &c.; v ' Mr. Ocock appeared for defendant, nnd said that tho information did not particulnrizo all tho ar ticles nor state what tho value of the proporty was, and if.it was over £20 in valuo it would not bo within the jurisdiction of tho Court. Tho Bench stated thoy could arrive at a knoW- ledgo of that by henriog tho evidenco. Complainant deposed : I am a farmer, nnd live -at Hignflclds; tho articles I seek to recover nra not worth £20 tho clothes belonged to my wife,- who died at Mrs. Pcnrdon's ; InsUed Mrs. Penrdon for tHcm, nnd alio said she would keep them for Tier 'trouble ; (the various articles of female apparel forming tho wardrobe of tho Into Mrs. Duuego was hero described) ; I was willing to pay Mrs. Pear don any claim she may havo against mo. Mr. Ocock argued that Mrs. Pcanlon bad tnkon \- care of plaintiff's wife, and she was entitled to hold any goods in hor possession under such cir- cumstanccs until sbo was paid any just claims duo to her. Bv tho Bench : I havo verbally demanded tho gbods of Mrs. Penrdon, but sho bos uot given thbm up. Elizabeth Penrdon (tho defendant) deposed : I am a nurse, and usually get £2 2s. a week ; tho . plaintiff Is my son-in-law; I took enro of tny daughter— his wife — for a fortnight and five days before she died ; I provided lor her; two guineas ' 7 A wock for myself nnd ono for her I consider a fair charge; I havo not sont him a hill, but I havo told him I Intended doing so ; tho goods woro placed in my pos528Mon— they were in my house before thy daughter died, but I do not know what became of thorn, r - Tho Bench gave an order that tho goods bo de livered up to plaintiff. Mm onables Cowter ik a New Field.— Tho \ Pastoral Times says There has been a row at -'TSbtnefy' station between tho shearers and station hands, and Mr. M'Gulnncss (tho overseer) and tho ' Hon. Charles Cowper. It appears that Mr. Cowpcr ' faulted tho shearers for the slovenly manner in which thoy did their work, whereupon Mr. M'Gtrin- . ncss said one master was enough in llie.shcd,nnd « tendered his resignation, which Mr. Cowpcr would . not accept. The shoarcrs and station hands then struck, and demanded a settlement, which was re fused. Mr. Cowpcr was rather roughly handled 1 and placed forcibly into a choir, and ; told there to drew cheques, in case of refusal— corporeal punish ment. After a good deal of barnoy, things were -adjusted, Mr. M'Guinness resuming liis duty, nnd the shearers going to work nt 15s. a hundred. Mr. Cowper slipped off to Bourke, and is now safely domiciled at our host Kelly's, where he can reflect at leisure on the roughness of bushmon and tho irocqmfortebleness of a squeeze in tbo wool-press Farming operations on tho Hunter nrc said to .bo looking very favourable. Tho young wheat appears in splendid condition, and lucerne has grown thioughout tho winter as luxuriant as dur ing tho summer months. . A crazy old woman, who seems to have found her greatest pleasure in setting fire to peoplo's . fences, has bcoatakon up at Miidgco, nnd forwnrded to Sydnoy as n lunatic. Sho labours under tho hallucmatlon that her brother was buug, and that murders are going on dnily, nnd her object is to 9 purify tho world by setting it on tiro. Fortuno appears to have been smiling bcr sweot- eat on one of the residents of Wnnearatta. Burin? the hearing of a civil caso at tbo local polico court, on Thursday, defendant's solicitor apolo- Siscd for his absence, stating that bo had gone to lelbourno to look after some property that was coming - to him, the value of which would bo £250,000. . , Bishop Qulnn, of Bathurst, laid the foundation etone of tho now Bomnh Catholic church of St. Bridget, at Duhbo, on 22nd ult. Subscriptions to . thoamouot of three hundred' pounds were laid on the. stone; and as much uioro promised. The Bishop left Dubbo tho same oveniug for Forbes, to lay tbe foundation stone-of a new church thoro. Tir Top SWindle.— Ha-ha-ha- ba-hn-ha ! So it wasn't a diamond; after all ! As M. Hugo would firobably soy— sublime enthusiasm of human gul- ibilityf Tho Diamond " Sell" is worthy to tnko v\ : its place beside the Cock-lano Ghost or tbe Moon Hoax. I am not sure but that it docs not oven excel thoso brilliant examples of popular delusion. Tho idiots who believed in tho rapping spirit of Mary- Parsons ore pafalelled in our uay by Homo sweet Homo 1, and his gathering of silly women . with deranged nervous systems. Tho moon hoax was but a corollary to the glorious " sells" pcrpo- trutcd bv that priuco of jesters nnd jester of princes, Theodore Hook, but the big diamond is a ' sell" so gigantic,- so vast, so pecuniarily advan tageous, that it tops all swindles of tho age. To \- absolutely persuade the people that somebody had fouod a diamond 13 oz. in weight, and to make them buy the thing on " spec," Is magnificent. I do not wish to go into the ethics of the business for I am not much above membcr-of Parliament standard myself, and rojoico to swindle, cheat, or \- defraud a friend when a safe opportunity occurs ; . but I should imagine that such a proceeding as the ono characterised in my hearing by a share- holder as 11 tbo Arroidale capor" is not strictly in accordance with the rules of commercial honesty ; but that does not detract from tbo magnificence of tbo hoax. It almost fulfilled tho unpublished prophecy of Douglas Jerrold, who sitid that if the Itoh-i-noor was on sale to-morrow, some one would start a company to purchase it, and' let it out on biro at evening parties." The company bas been formed, but tho Koh-i- noor was not forthcoming. Ono million, two millions, three millions, four roil and only a piece of rock-crystal, nnd not worth five shillings 1 Dear fellow humans ! ex cellent fools! admirable knaves ! Ob, forgive mo r«, if J laugh, but five thousand pounds for a pieco of rock-crystal 1 It is too much !— Ho- ho-ho-ho-ho-bo! — Australasian: Selected Memorandum and Comments on News by Last Mail, to August 4. Tde several items of news from England, America, China, India, and tho European con tinent, have come across tho water to ns this month earllor and invostcd with moro im portance) than usual. Commencing with the former as clad with most significance for tho main bulk of Australians, I have to announce tbo long political struggles on the Irish Church Dieatoblisliraont Bill have ended with a hard fight between tho Lords and Commons, in whioh Whigs and Tories, Conservatives and total Repealers of ovory grade and huo have taken part. " It is easy in tbe world to livo after tho world's opinion ; it is oasy in sol i- tudo to Hvo after our own j but tho great man is ho, who, in tho midst of tho crowd, kcep9 tho independence of solitude." Such a man is tho Premier Gladstone, nnd such another is Mr. John Bright. Despite all the opposition threatened them on tho stand thoy took on tho question of questions — tho Irish Church Bill —they have carriod it. Tbo Lords pooh- poohed it as long as thoy dared, but seeing that democracy has for a long limo been gain ing ground, they at last bolted tho black draught compounded from tho laboratories of Messrs. Gladstone, Bright, & Co., fearing per haps, if they did not, others still more bitter might follow from the pestlo and mortar of the augmenting, disoontcntcd democrats. Lords Derby and Cairns, it Is true, after muoh persuasion, carried several amendments in the Mil in committee, in tho upper Jlouso, and they and their brother peers for some timp obstinately insisted upon retaining them, during whioh passionate remonstrances were made, almost akin to tho celebrated throos in dulged in during tbo passing of Lord Russell's Reform Bill. But tho peoples House would havo nono of tbo nostrums of tho haughty Lords, and with the exception of a very small compromise indeed, tho bill was carried, and received tbo usual royal assont on tho 4th of August last. Tho Lords have succeeded in throwing out tho Life-Pcorago Bill of Lord Russell on its third reading, but this, in tho present political freedom of tbo age, con only lead to another meosuro still more potent. Tho clcctrio telegraphs throughout tho Uni ted Kingdom have been purchased by tho Government for the sum of £0,800,000, the annual profits upon which outlay are estimated at £77,000. , Mr. Bright bas promised to bring tho pro prietor's scheme of a proposed tuiftiel under tho English Channel before his government. At homo, as well as in Quocosland, insol vencies aro becoming more and moro fashion able, or so at loast must tho Earl of West moreland, Viscount Parker, and Lord Georgo Townshend think, who have all thrco com mitted ads of bankruptcy. Australasian items figura as follow Col onel Gordon, who so distinguished himself in China, is likoly to bo sent, if possible, to quell vornmcnt, however, rather than send troops to tbe assistance of our settlors thoro proposo that compcnsaliuD should bo given them for tboir outlay for land on disputed territory, and that tbey should withdraw. On tho Polynesian question, the British Go vernment seem to thiok that tbo colonial importers are not to blame bnt why is to mo really a mystery. Colonial protective duties are causing much umbrago in tho largo manufacturing towns throughout England. Tbo British Govern ment, -as well as the Poor Law Guardians, aro : assisting emigration. Tho Royal Dano most ho olreudy on her way with hor living freight of Jordanites, and tbo Light Brigade is. to quickly follow. France.— Tho Emperor has been at last compelled to cat q little bumblo pie, which being so opposed to Napolconio digestive or gans, has given him tho heart-barn, and ho is spoken of by the Court physicians as beiog in such a ' feeble state of health' that he must havo rest and change of air aod scone. Spain.— Although Marshal Serrano ha9 taken the necessary oaths as regent, his reign will probably bo of short duration, for another conspiracy is annouoccd to have boon dis covered in favour of Don Carlos, who is re ported to bavo entered Navarro, hotly pursued by tbe French police. It is rumoured that the aforesaid conspiracy contemplated tbe as sassination of Prim, .Serrano, and Riviero, and in oonsequenoo numerous Corlista havo been suddenly arrested. Tho Cortes have been pro rogued, and tbe Duko do Mootpenslcr also has entered Spain to claim bis right to tho crown, on behalf of his royal spouse. Germany. — It may well be assumed that besides JL1 rnnco aod bpaio, otner continental powers do- not sleep scouroly on a 'peace' foundation, for a powerful iron-clad navy bas been fitted out, and is floating in the Baltic, whilo her eastern neighbour, Austria, has just had two new iron-clad frigates added to hor already-largo navy afloat in tho Adriatic. In Italy, fresh disturbances had broken out at Milao, and a severe earthquake' had sorely sbakon one of 'hor principal cities—— Bologna. Brigands, as usual, arooarrying on tboir nice Httlo mountain games of petty warfare and plunder on tho high roads. They have lately been unusually polito, bowevor, for having stopped tho carriages and baggogo of tbe Duko and Duchess of Saxony, after learning who tho Toyal party really wero, they doffed their high orowned and plumed chieftain hats, and with many apologies for tho liberty taken, re leased them. At tho Vutic&n;, some uneasi ness was folt after tho speech of tho Frenoh emperor at Chalons, who now does not seem so willing to support His Holiness in tho event of further disturbances. From India and tho East I glean tho fol lowing : — Cholera is prevalent in all parts of tho central provinces and tho strictest sani tary arrangements are, in consequence, b6ing onforcod. The cotton crop promises to bo very good indeed. The ebip Whitooy had foun dered near tho island of Madagascar, on bor voyage from Calcutta to Mauritius, aod several of her crew as well as bcr captain havo per ished. China.— Our follow-couDtrymeo just now seem to bo very uopopular with Master John Chinaman, whose government absolutely de clined to receive H. R. H. tbe Duko of Edin burgh. The irato opium-eaters lately drovo away the Eoglish Consul and a few of bis friends at a pie-nic at Hankow, under the very extrrordinary pretext, that "foreigners cooked and ate little children." At Hong Kong the English gunboat Boun cer has just captured several pirates. Tbe enormous quantity of 2,048,052 pounds of tea havo beoa exported to Australia sioco June i lost. America. — Tbo Alabama storm' has gono down. Mr. Rovordy Johnson insists that ho strictly confined himself to tbo instructions given him from Washington, whon in London, in treating on tbo abovo nofortunato matter; and whioh is not to bo re-oponod by his sue- cesor, Mr. Motloy, until Congress shall have mot in December next. Tho recognition of tbo rights of tho Cuban insurgents as belli gerents, has been contended for in Congress by.t Mr, Batiks. Some littlo uneasiness prevailed on tho publio dobt, which had increased 16,000,000 dollars during Junelnst. At Boston there was an immense audicnco at the great national Peace Jubileo, celebrating the end of tho civil war. It .is reported that tho United States aro now growing tho largest orops of whoat ever raised thorc. Tho press has lost H. J. Raymond, Esq , editor of the New York ' Times,' who died suddenly. In a speech at Washington, Mr. Andrew Johnson declared, that the condition of his country was tending towards n military dictatorship or monarchy.. In Canada, resolutions had been lately passed in favour of annexation to tho United States. If wo aro to believe tho rumours among political circles of tho mother country, tho day is not very far distent, when all tho British colonics, Canada not oxccptcd, will bavo frco leave to cut the painter. This: mu«t closo my budgotof scraps for tho present. Brisbano, Soptcmbor 4, 18G9. Q. The "prcsorved meat question" is not onlynt- but tho same thing is hnppening iri the old coun try, to judge by tho news just to hand. " Anglo- Australian," in tho European Mail, says " Tho method of preservation adopted by' Mr. Mort, of Sydney, appears to bo most ingenious, and I hope it may turn out successful. Here in London the meat question is looked upon ns one of paramount importance. I may obscrvo, howovcr, that the prospects of Australian meat hnvo made a rapid stridcdnring tho past month. Tho Admiralty, for instance, havo consented to mnko a trial i>f it on board somo of Her Majesty's ships In actual scr- vico. They have arranged with Mr. D. Tallorroan J for a quantity of cured mutton nnd beef, packed in tallow, to bo supplied to six of tho vessels of tho flying squadrou, nnd tho reports of tho -officers nnd tnou from each ship .will bo taken nnd com pared. Tho result of thoso reports will bo lookod forward -to with anxiety by all interested In tho matter, for, if fnvoureblo, not only will tho Impo- rinl navy but foreign navies and tho mercantile marino bo supplied with it. It isassufted by many that if- Australia can soil her meat cured instead of tinned or frozen, it will bo better for her, since the process is simple, nnd requires neither expen sive plant, capital, nor sciontifio. knowledge in its practice. Among the imports of the month from Australia bavo been 100 kegs, each containing 300 8heops' tonguos, which met with a . ready sale." — Courier . Melancholy Accident.— A Into Issuo of tho Queanbeyan Age contains tho melancholy par ticulars of the death of a mother nnd child by drowning, from whioh wo extract the ovidcnco givon by tho huebnnd nnd father, Michael Gal lagher:— I am a shepherd, residing nt tho DuckV- nest Creek Stntion, Foxlow, belonging to Thomas ltutlcdgo. Tho ueconBCd, alary Sarah uniioghcr, was my wifo, nnd tho deceased, Michael Gallagher, was my son. She was about thirty-one yonra of ago, and ho was between five and six. Yesterday morning I wont to look after somo lost sheep, and my eldest boy,' aged thirteen years, was with tho sheep. I camo home about 11 o'clock in tho fore- nooo. My wife had been confined of a child six days at that timo, but was ablo to bo up occasion ally. At 11 o'clock in tho forenoon I foun every thing right at home, nnd tny wife moving nbout tho houso. I went away nhdcariib"'biick 'about' half-past threo in the afternoon. On comingcloso to the houso my son. about seven years of age, named James, met mo nnd said that his mother and brother were drowned in tho big holo ; that is a watorholo about fifty yards from , tho house, nnd from which wo got water to supply tho houso. Ho Btatcd that his motho- had sent tho deceased for a .can of water, and shortly nfcorwnrds he went down to tho creek and saw tho water moving, and ru's- icctcd his brothor was in tho.whtcrholo, nnd then le saw his hnnds moving, tlmt he thon cnoeyud for his mother, nnd sho then ran down to the crook with a lioo in her hands ; nnd that aho tried to get at his brother with tho hoo to pull him to tho side, but could not roach him ; that sho then wont in, nnd after struggling for a short time, she sank ; that sho ne'vor spoke after going into tho water. I concluded from .what ho Rtatud that she had been an hour in tho water. I run to tho watorholo and saw. hor clothes. I wont into tho watorholo nnd pulled her out. 1 had not to swim. The water , was not up to my ricck. Tho deepest part of tho wntorholo was about nix feet (loop. When I got tho body of my wifo to the bank I found, that sho , had boon dead for somo time. Sho was stiff and cold.- I did not got the child out nt that time. I was present when Mr. Wnrk got the child out of tbe wntcrbolc — that would bo nbout 11 at night. The rcm&ius; of a man named GillU, who 'for merly resided at Appin, and who suddenly disap peared in tbo latter part of last July, hns been found in a creek in the vicinity. Tho body was so decomDoscd that it was only identified by tho clothes ho wore. Deceased lost his wifo some six months ago, and his mind became unsettled. The Skoalhaven News tells a very fair horse story. It appears that a coloured gentleman was in Tcrrnra ono night last week, and was' riding hi master's horse, who is said to be an old " stager," and remnrkahlo for his sagacity. Our friend (the darkey) after having imbibed pretty freely at ono of tho hotels, storied for home, some five miles distant, at a. very slow pace, and lmd not proceeded far when ho fell asleep. The old prad feeling that his rider's equilibrium was not quite right, and no doubt thinking it would bo unsnfo to procoed much further, turned his hcad round and took another direction, tho darkey still' dozing away in a state of happy insensibility. Tno horse then quickened his pace, and in the course of a fow moments camo up to tho door of the Numba lock-up, where be made a dead halt. When tho darkey awoke, and fouod his horse standing, he applied his spurs, but was horror-stricken to find tho old charger would not budge an inch. Tho noiso mado by tho rider in eodeavouring to get bis horso to move along, attracted tbo attention of tbe constable inside, who at once camo out, and finding' that tho gent on horseback was hot exactly compos mentis, made him dismount, and locked him up for tho night. Denis Mackin lay, George O'Brien, and James Rogers wore brought up, on remand, yesterday, at tho Water Polico Court, before their Worships the Water Polico Magistrate and Messrs. A. Thomp son and W. G. Rcnwick. They stood charged, with three other persons, with having conspired to defraud the creditors in tho estate of Mackinlay Brothers, by concoaling and embezzling goods to tho valuo of £G000. It was poiotcd. out that Macklnlny would havo to appear, on remand, at the Insolvency Court on Thursday morning, and tho Bench consequently postponed the bearing of the caso until Friday morning. Tho former bail was extended. O'Brien, who had been out of gaul since Saturday, having found the necessary bail, was arrested outsido tho precincts of the Court by detective Bowdcn, by virtue of a warrant issued by the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, to compel him to attend and give evidenco in tho coeo against Mackinlay, he having failed to attend on Monday. — S . AT. Jlerald, September I. The enforcement of tbo Neutrality Laws by the United States is causing filibustering expeditions to Cuba to become dangerous. Advices from General Caballero do Rodas state that tbo iosur. gents arc now only maintaining a guerilla warfare. Mail Rodbery, and Apprehension op Sos- rnciED Patties.— The loss of the Cooraa mail- bags (says tho Qticaufaynu ylpo) turns out to bo a felony. On tho 7th August the mail was de spatched in tho ordinary course from tho Qucan- boyan Post Ofiicc. Nothing particular occurred on tho way ; tho driver, William Roohan, who took churgo of tho coach bore, delivering it, ap- parcntly, nil right, to another driver boyond Micnlngo, who duly delivered tho mails as ho re ceived them (for aught ho know to tbo contrary) at '.tho Cooroa rost OfUco. Here a portion of tho malls— two hoavy hags — wero discovered to bo missing ; and there were only two ways of account ing for their absence— either the bags woro jerked from tbo conch or stolen during the journey. The latter theory was firmly believed in by tho mail driver, who offered a largo reward for tho detection of tho criminal. Nothing, howover, transpired until last Monday, when Mr. Sindol, of this town, deposited his cash in tho bank, tbo monoy includ ing a cheque remitted with other money by his son, who was doing business at that timo nt Mica- Ingo. Tho particular chcquo referred to was drawn on the Commercial Bank, Cooma, in favour of Mr. Ilnssell, for £5, nnd was detected nt the bank hero to bo improperly in circulation, it bearing tho Rtamp of tho Commercial Bank at Yass, as having boon paid thoro nnd transmitted on thoSth instant from Ynss to Cooma for collection. ThlMincovery at onco formed a cltio to tho whereabouts of tho lost bagp, and tho pblico and tolograms having . been sot in motion, tho party who negotiated tho stolon cheque was soon traced, and tho result is the apprehension of tho parties who passed tho 'cheque, nnd on whoso promises were found tho missing mail bags and their contents. The parties in custody are Patrick and James Kelly, father and sod, residents of Micnlago. Counterfeit shillings nnd sixpences havo been put in circulation in tho South Western districts or N.S.W. They are easily detected by tho sound. Unfounded Reports. — The Southern Cross of August 14 hns a very gmphio report of tho plun dering nnd burning of Lowis Hotit's plnco, which has turned out to bo as pure a pioco of fabrication as it wns possihlo to havo invented — not only was Hotit's pluco not plundered or burnt, but not a single article stolen. To Kootl wont thorc nnd purchased what he wanted, paying for it lu drafts nnd monoy stolon from tho dcqd bodies of some of .his victims on tho const. . Tho formor report of To Kooti having returned to Tnupo was not only un true, but ns ter as can bo learned, To KootMvas nt tthnt vory time drunk at Hotit's plnco; in fact, there nro'lots of such reports, which turn out to bo uiiteumlcd. Another striking instance is tho ro- pdrt of there being upwards of 3000 armed na tives ntTokanganuitu ready to attack theWnikato. Lntqr information, which is even thought ex aggerated, gives tho wholo force of tho rebels, in- 'eluding" tbo KiriaV 'party and To Kooti's mob, to . bo about 800 or 900. . A' Curioim Legal Difficulty.— In tho civil suitof Haughton v. Faulkner, tried recently ntLnnn ceston, tho defendant, nftor having been served with a capias, was enlarged on his ball ; nnd proceedings wero accordingly instituted against his sureties. On Tuesday Inst he, accompanied by "ono surety, having cotno down from Launccston for tho pur- poso, applied to tho sheriff to tnko liim into cus tody, hut tho sheriff refused in tho existing stato of tho law to do so. Ho then went before tho J udgos of tho Supremo Court, but thoy dcclinod to mako any order in tho matter; nnd accordingly tho de fendant, though auxious to surrender his liborty, Is still nt large. Married by Mistake. — Tho ' Northern Whip' says A luorriugo coromony, attended with vory unusual oiroumstanceSj has taken plaoo in a littlo town mot twenty ratios from Bolfast. A youthful couplo in humblo cir cumstances — a Mr. Y and a Miss 11.— bad mado arrangement for becoming man and wifo, and 'duly presented tliomsolvcs boforo tho >jCurato to have tho nuptial knot fasteuod Tbe .parties, bofore facing suoii a serious coromony, :bad takon tho "least taste" of koxnotbing to " keep thpir courage cheery," but nothing moro, and, when thoy presented themselves before tho curate (who is a stranger), tho bridegroom cithor through ignoranoo or mo desty, or pcrbaps a mixture of tbcm both, kept rather a retiring position iu tbo group and his best man— Mr. P., a fino, strapping, welMooking young fellow— bad to encourage biin to stand forward. Tho intended brido- groom's modesty, however, still bold bim back, and he motioned to his best man to seo to tho matter boing duly gono through. ' Tho ourato, observing this movoment, and misapprehending it, desired tho person mentioned to stand for ward, and ropoat after. Mm. Mr. P. rather demurred to this appeal, but tho eurato went on to say, "Ropont after mo, 'I, James, do tako thee,' " &o.t; and strango as tho statement may appear, tho young man was so1 dumb founded', that he did actually repeat the form of words after tho eurato, porformod tho cere mony, of putting oo tho ring, &o; , whilo tho brido repeated after tho curate, as desired, until the ceremony was concluded I - Tbe as tonishment of most of those present, as may be imagined, was great; but nouo seemed ablo or willing to interfere. Somo of them re corded it as a "shino." which could bo rooti- fied afterwards but otbors, and among tbo rest Mr. P., began to think it might prove a rather serious and unpleasant matter. Tbo best man, howevor, with oil duo disinterested- nogs, at tbo close, at onco gavo up tbo brido to tho intended bridegroom. So matters re mained till tho Monday morning following, whon tbo parties most interested bad a meet ing with tho intention of having tbe matter set to rights. It snnn appoarcd, howevor, that more sorioug difficulties than tbey apprehended Stood in the way of this, and that in order to eflfoet tbo bad desired, a visit, to tho Divorce Court, or oven nn Act of Parliament may bo necessary. — This rends vory much like a hoax, for it seems very unlikely tho intended brido- groom and his best man boro tbo same name, aod> as a matter of course, if tho person who went through tho coreinony was married under a wrong name, thoro would have boon little difficulty io rectifying matters, for tbo mar riage would not havo bcon legal j— Ed. ' T. C.» Droppino an Acquaintance. — An "ex change" says there have been strange sooncs in Baltimore lately. A young lady, Mifs Martha Gairnea, had dolibcrately killed Mr. M'Comao, a treaohorous lover of hers Id that, porhaps, there was nothing particularly surprising. Miss Cuirncs is by no means the first lady who has taken tbo law into ber own hands ; nor is she tho first who has become a popular favourite by doing so. Nothing can exceed the politeness and consideration with which she. was treated by all tho authorities. The country gaol, bcioff "dilapidated," was no.t thought sufficiently good' for hor; so she was simply placed on ber parole, and had very comfortable quarters nt Glen's Hotel. No constables wore rude enough to watch her movements. She dined every day at the tabic- d'hote, and frequently went out shopping. On the day of her trial she was " escorted to and from tbe C-jurt-bouso by Sheriff Young, loan ing upon his arm liko any other lady." When she entered the eotirt-room the dense orowd divided and respectfully made a path for bcr. Thu public, , tho bar — nay, even tho bench — iodulgod during tho trial in tho luxury of a good ory ; and tho jury did not deliberate moro than fivo urinates before bringing in a verdict of " Not Guilty." - It may, after all tbis, ap pear something like a want of gallantry if wo venture to surest that manslaughter, even whon perpolratod by a young lady, is a rather serious ofitrir ; and that, after having commit ted even tho roost justifiable of homicides, it is not precisely good taste, to "hold quite a leveo," Tho story, howevor, is really significant asas:gn, among many others, that sooioty, both in America and in England, is bopioning to revolt against tho uujust and miserably do- fcotivo laws for the protection of wouion against tho trcaohory of men. Under tho pre sent system, tho law practically ansurcs im punity to tho stronger and tho essentially ag- gressivo sex. Miss Cnirncs is a sort of social reformer whom wc cannot possibly commend ; but, coupled with recent incidents in our own dominions, her social reception, and wo may sayher official support, most emphatically mark tho growing conviction that tho laws bearing on tbo subjeot clamour for revision. Another Welsh Verdict — A Scene — At tho closo of an Inquest held at Connali's Quay, Flintshire, on tho body of tbo captain of a trading vessel who was killed in a fight with tho mate, the foreman stated that the jury hnd arrived at a verdict of oxcusable homioido on the parthf Edward Hughes. Tho Coronor: I will not .tako ib . The foreman (shouting vohemontly): You aro bound to' tako it: Tho Hnronor to tho foreman : I will notliston to your wishes. (To tho ohief con stablo) : I wish to havo this man committed. Turning to the jury,' the coroner said : " You are twolvo igoorant men." Tbo foreman (jumping up): This is not tbo first time you havo insulted a (lonnab's Quay jury. You ought to bo ashamed of yourself You aro not fit to prosldo at an inquiry riko this. Tho Coroner : I will lravo you committed. Wlioro are tho papers ? Tho foreman (still Bliouting) : I don't oaro j it's a crying shamo and a dis graco to tho county that you should bo hero. A juror : Don't you know tho County Core- nora' Bill was recently discussod in tho Mouse of Commons, and thoro is a olauso in it to pcu- sion inefficient coroners? The Coronor : Do you think tlicy will allow mo a hundred a year ? I must hear moro about this bill. Tho -jury's verdict of excusable hotnioido was then entered. Winter in St. Petersburg!!. — Mr. Tay lor, in his description of " Winter in St. Peters- burgh," pourtrays the following cheerless scones:—" Tbo leaves, wbothor groen or browo, disappeared atone swoop j snow-gusts obsourod tho little remaining suoshine tho inhabitants come forth in furs and bulky wrappings; oysters and Freuoh pears bocaino unreasonably dear; nnd slodges of frozou fish and garno crowded down from tho northern forests. In a fow days the physiognomy of tho capital was completely changed. . All its life and stir withdrew from tho cxtremoties and gathered into a few central thoroughfares, as if huddling together for mutual warmth and enoourago- meut io tho cold ait and under the gloomy sky. One winter picture remains olearly out lined upon my moraory. In tho beginning of December wo happened to drivo across tho' Ad miralty Square tn tbo early ovouing twilight —3 o'clock in the afternoon. The tempera ture was about ton degrees bolow zero, tbo sky a low roof of tnoveless'olonds, wbieb soomed to . bo fn.zon iu their places. Tho' pillars of St. Isaac's Cathedral — splendid monoliths of granite, Bixty feet high— -had precipitated tho moisture of tbo ,air, and stood silvered with fr.st from baso to capital. Tbo Column of Alexander, tho bronze statue of Peter, with his borso poisod in tbo air on the odgo of the rock, and tbo trees on tho long esplanade in front of tbo Admiralty, woro all similarly coated, ovory twig rising as rigid as iron in tbo dark air. Only tho huge golden hemis phere of tbo Cathedral dome, and tho tall pointed golden spire of tho Admiralty, roso abovo the glooih, and lialfshono with a muf- 'flod, sullen glaro. A fow pcoplo, awaddlod from head to foot, passed rapidly to and fro, or a droshky, drawn by a frosted norso, spod away to tho entrance of the Nevskoi Prospokt. Kvcn.thoao appeared rather liko wintry phan toms than creatures fillod with warm blood and breathing the breath of life. Tbo vast spaces of tbe capital, tbe magnitude of its principal edifices, and tho display of gold and colours, strengthened tho goneral aspect of un reality, by introducing so rainy inharmonious elements into tho ptoturo. A bloak moor, with tho light of a single cottage window shining across it, would bavo been less cold, dead, nnd dcsolato. 