"THE TRUE STORY OF LADY BYRON'S LIFE." An article under this title, written bv Mrs. Beec-.her Stowe, commences tlio September number oi Maetmllan's Jlagailne. It will bo read with world-wido interest, for though lorty-tive 30.1 rs have worn out the spell which once belonged to Byron's verse, though criticism has dealt coldly and calmly with it. rejecting its meretricious sentiment and determining its sterling qualities, the man himself remains much the same as ho was first pictured to us in Moore's biography anil Macaulay's brilliant and pathetic essay. To those who cannot rest content with an author's writings, but must concern themselves with his individuality, ho is still the beau i'h'.al of a poet. Ho stands out from them all with his hand some face, his susceptible and impetuous temperament, his sorrows and dissipations, his loves and hatreds. Condemned at the bar of opinion as a dissolute man, of violent un controlled passions,1 'his misfortunes to this day have averted judgment ; by virtue of them ho lias, like his predecessor " the wicked lord," claimed a benefit of clergy, and yot oft' scot free. There is 110 doubt flint-Mrs. Stowe's narrative will owe much of its universal interest to the fact that it gratifies the lowest kind of curiosity ; but it was not written and ouirht not to be read with this end in view. It is a late and necessary act of justice — of justice to the wife, clearing her from the accusations of cold- hearted ness and uncharitable prudery made so repeatedly during her life and since her death —and of justice 011 the husband, destroying at once and for ever the romance which has so ! long been allowed to drape the falsehood and meanness of his character. Leaving tlio present revelation out of the question, the fact that those interesting misfortunes which at one time the world delighted to weep over were the natural consequence of the vices of their victim, has all along been clear enough, 3et seldom, if ever, has this been boldly insisted on, while in nearly every extant biographical notice of the poet — and their name is legion — his wretchedness has been pleaded in mitiga tion ot his errors. His domestic quarrels have beon discussed wherever English pne lay- is read, and the public, forced reluctantly to take Lady Byron's part, has done so with tlio worst grace. To blame her was, indeed, impossible ; but it was easy to pity him ; to condole with this gonitis thrown away- on a woman who could not understand him, and paying so dearly for his mistake. Men, jand women too, made haste to revile the cold and ungenerous prude, who left her husband to make what wreck he pleased of his life, when by bearing with bis faults, as the good wife of a groat man ought to boar, she might have saved hiin from himself, and done the d tt ty she owed no less to the world than to its poet. The public, however, has had some exenso for its tacit condemnation of the most devoted wife that over sacrificed herself to an unworthy man, for Lady Byron nover uttered a word in her own justification, and it, is only now, ' when she herself and all those whom the dreadful revelation would overwhelm are in their graves, that it is given to the world. As it is, the seals of it would have remained unbroken, porhaps for ever, were it not for the recent- publication by Byron's mistress of a book reviving the old and threadbare calumnies against his wife, and referring his reckless indulgence and miserable life to the despair which took possession of him when lie found himself abandoned by the woman on whom lie rested his hopes of better things. Mrs. Stowe states fully her unimpeachable authority for the narrative laid before us. When, as the authoress of 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' she first came to England she formed a friendship with Lady Byron ; crossing the Atlantic a second time, in 1S-DG, this was renewed, and Mrs. Stowe received one day an invitation, in which her friend " indicated that she wished to have some private conver- , sation upon important subjects." Lady Byron, of delicate health for many years, had at that time been warned by her physicians that she had not long to live ; she considered that the tiiuc had come when her long silence should at last- be broken, or when, at least-, the means of breaking it should bo placed in other hands than her own. One circumstance which led to her resolve was that a cheap issue of Byron's works was in contemplation; the pathetic but utterly falso poetry relating to bis domestic misfortunes would, doubtless, greatly aid in circulating it among the masses; and L idy Byron judged that she, knowing the .truth, owed a re sponsibility to the world — that she had no right, to allow those writings to gain influence over the popular mind by silently consenting to their utter falsehood. As Mrs. Stowe says, "one last, act of self-denial was required of her before leaving this'' world — namely, to declare the absolute truth, no matter at, what expense to her own feelings," Lad- Byron recounted to Mrs. Stowe the history embodied in the article now under our notice, and gave her a paper containing a brief memorandum of the whole, with the dates affixed ; it comes to us on the simple word of a true woman, and we cannot, doubt it, though it, tears the last shred of extenuation from Byron's miserable and vicious nature, and dissipates into thin air at onco and for ever the halo of romance which still adheres to him. There are no doubt many, however, who will regret -that this narrative was ever published, even for the sake of doing justice to Lady Byron ; its revelations are so odious and abhorrent that. Mrs. Stowe stands fully- in need of the strenuous vindication she pleads. We understand it. was at one time her intention to insert it in the Atlantic Monthli/ , so that, if an English magazine had shrunk from the burden of its first production, at any rate English newspapers would ghavo been con strained to copy it second hand. Mrs. Stowe commences by noticing the "Guieeioli, book," and sums up the narrative of mistress versus wife as follows : — " Lord Byron, the hero of the story, is repre sented as a human being endowed with every natural charm, gift, and grace, who by the one false step of an unsuitable marriage wrecked liis whole life. A narrow-minded, cold-hearted precision, without sufficient intellect to com prehend his genius, or heart to feel for his temptations, formed with him one of those, mere worldly marriages common in high life, and, finding that she c-iuld not reduce liim to the mathematical proprieties and conventional rules of her own mode of life, and without warning, abandoned him in the most cruel and inexplicable manner. It is alleged that she parted from hiin in apparent aflection and go'od humour, wrote hiin a playful, confiding letter upon the way-, hut, after reaching her father's house, suddenly and without explanation an- nounced to him that she yvould never sec hiin again; that this -sudden abandonment drew down upon him a perfect storin of scandalous stories, which his wife never contradicted, never in any way or shape stating what the exact reasons for her departure, had been, and thus silently and quietly giving scope to all the malice of thousands of enemies. The sensitive victim was actually thus driven from England, his home broken up, and lie doomed to bo a lonely- wanderer oil foreign shores." Mrs. Stowe then points out that we have listened to the story as told by Lord Byron's mistress, that in his poems and his lettei-s, and in Moore's notices, we have heard the story as told by Lord Byron himself, and that the heaviest, and, indeed, only accusation - ever made agaist Lady Byron is that she lias not spoken at all. her story lias never been told. We arc reminded how, all over the world, the poet's family misfortunes were discussed, how liis domestic poems, the "Fare thee well " and others, were read and sung with tears (Moore (ells us tliej wore yvritten with tears), and Ijiady Byron was everywhere regarded as " a marble-hearted monster of correctness and morality, a personification of tlio Law unmiti gated by the Gospel." Wilson, the poet, con trasted her cold pliarasaic morality' yvitli the conjugal fidelity of a Highland shepherd's wife, yvho reclaims her husband and makes a good man of him, and Moore, in the biography, plainly refers Byron's Venetian debaucheries to the " failure of the attempted mediations with Ladv Byron." After having set before 11s in detail the many contemporary and later constructions and criti cisms on L-idv Byron's conduct, Mrs. .Stowe copies out the letter which Byron wrote to liis wife, hut which ho yv.as prevented- from send ing, as he (old Lady Blossingtnn, "by his de spair of its doing any good. ' Moore prefaced tiiu introduction of this letter into his memoir by remarking, " Few of my readers, I think, will not agree with ine in saying that if the author of the following letter had not right 011 his side, he had at least most of those good feelings which arc found to accompany it. ' Comparing it with the narrative of Lady- Byron, Mrs. Stowe honours it, as a masterpiece of mystification, composed with a view of act ing on the sympathies of Lady Blessington and his numerous female admirers.. She then quotes for us passages in Don Juan which refer t.o L tdy Byron, and having stated the whole, case as it was pleaded by the poet and his friends, she lavs before lis the wife's story, and after half a century the truth is told, and the tender womanly nature of Lady Byron is freed from the aspersions of fifty years. We now proceed to lay before our readers the substance of Mrs. Stowe's powerful narrative. Bvron seems at, one time to have been really attracted by the spiritual, unworldly nature of his future wife ; the exquisite sketch of Aurora Ruby, in "Don Juan," represents her as she appeared to him when he. first met her in fashionable society, and in it lie hears testi mony to the charm of her thoughtful, serious, and yet, girlish nature, so difi'erent to the com mon type. In the days of their first acquaint ance lie. made her an offer of marriage, and though she refused it they continued a corres pondence as friends. On her part the interest continually increased, hut his vicious nature soon broke, away from hor gentle influence. Mrs. Stowe says : — "From the heights which might have made him hap))- as the husband of a noble woman lie fell into the depths of a secret, adulterous intrigue with a blood relation, so near in con sanguinity that discovery must have been utter ruin and expulsion from civilised society. From henceforth this damning, guilty secret, became the ruling force of his life, holding him with a morbid fascination, yet filling him with remorse and unquiet and insane dread of detection." Two years after his refusal by Miss Mill- hank, his various friends, seeing that for some cause lie was wretched, pressed a marriage upon him, and lie sat down in a desperate mood and wrote proposals to 0110 or two ladies. Miss Millbank accepted him ; lie had sent the letter more as a wild freak than with any serious expectation of a result; however, lie was flattered at the answer, and in his letters to his friends about this time he frequently piques himself on his success, complacently mention ing that Miss Millbank had employed the last two years in refusing five or six of his ac quaintance. Mrs. Stowe justly remarks there, is a sort of childish levity about these letters very characteristic of the man who skimmed over the deepest abysses with the lightest jest. He visited Miss Millbank's parents as her ac cepted lover, she saw that he was unhappy, that some weight rested on his mind which rendered him moody arid gloomy, and naturally inferred that lie was not happy in his engage ment. She spoke to him alone, and frankly told her thoughts, adding that, she would, if he so wished, release hiin, and they should remain only friends. Overcome with emotion, Byron fainted away. Miss Millbank understood this as a mark of the depth of his feelings towards her, and spoke 110 more of the subject, Tlicv were maried ; it is true that Byron, as he relates in the "Dream," was profoundly agitated, standing at the altar with this young girl whom lie was leading to a fate of such certain wretchedness ; " hut, it was not,' we quote Mrs. Stowe, " (lie memory of Mary Ohaworth, hut another guiltier and more damn ing memory that overshadowed, that hour." The wedding .journey began — a "Devil's Drive." The moment the carriage doors were shut upon the bridegroom and bride the paroxysm of remorse and despair — unrepent ant remorse and angry despair — broke forth upon her gentle head. " Von might have saved me from this, madam 1 You had it all in your own power wlmn I offered myself to you first. Then you might have made me. what you pleased ; but now you will find that you have, married a devil." They arrived at one of her country seats, where tliey were to spend the honeymoon. Miss Martineau has sketched the arrival : — " At the altar she did not know that she was a sacrifice ; but before sunset of that winter day she knew it, if a judgment may be formed of her face and altitude of despair when she alighted from the. carriage on the afternoon of her marriage-day. It was not the traces of tears which won the sympathy of the old butler i who stood at the open door. The bridegroom jumped out of the carriage and walked away. ; The bride alighted, and came, up the steps 1 alone, with a countenance and frame agonised and listless with evident horror and despair." Lady Byron did not yet know the whole of her wretchedness ; she knew from her hus band's fierce avowals in the carriage that there was a dreadful secret of guilt, that he had 110 love to give her ; but she had taken liim for better for worse, and did not, yet give up hope, but set herself bravely to work to soothe and I please and calm 'his wiicl spirit. She did win him over to her a little ; she was fitted to he his companion in literary work, she was even liis assistant, copying out his poems ; it was hard, indeed, if this wife who had laid not only her love and life, but her princely fortune at her husband's feet, could not at last prevail with liim. Sometimes she thought she had softened and subdued him, but again he would break out into a paroxysm of the fiercest hatred and denunciation, " lmt there came, an hour of revelation, — an hour when, in a manner which left no kind of room for doubt. Lady Byron saw the full depth of the abyss of infamy which her marriago was expected to cover, and understood that sho ivas expected to bo the cloak and the accom plice of this infamy." Eveii now she did not despair ; she boro with him, she besought liim, but lie argued his case with himself and her with all the sophistries of his powerful mind. "Ho repudiated Christianity as an authority, assorting the right of every human being to follow out what I10 called the 'impulses of nature.' Subsequently ho intro duced iiito one of his dramas the reasoning by which lie justified himself in incest." There was an iinfortunato child of sin, born with the curse upon her, over whoso wayward nature Lady Byron watched with a mother's tenderness. She was the one who could have patienco when the patience of every ono else failed ; and though the task was a difficult one, from the strange, abnormal propensities to evil in the subject of it, yet Lady Byron never faltered and never gave oyer, till death took tho responsibility from her bauds. For two years she endured from liim what 110 woman over endured from her husband. She resolutely planted herself in tlio way of his iniquity, insisting that if he went to destruction lie should go over her dead body. "Wlieu her husband" described to her the Continental latitude, the good-humoured mar riage in which pleasant couples mutually agree to form tho cloak for each other's infidelities, she answered . simply, 'I ani too truly your Iriond to do this.' The spiritual poet, whom half the women in Engiand wore in love with, had now deterininod to rid himself altogether of his wife. He troatod her with unmanly brutality both before and alter tlio birth of tho child ; 011 one occasion lie went into her room suddenly and told her that her mother was dead — an litter falsehood. A short timo after her confinement lie wrote lior a note saying that so soon as sho was able to travel she must go, that he could not and would not have hor any longer about hirn, and when her child was five weeks okl ho expelled her from his house. This is the last scone ; and the reader must hoar in mind that within a few weeks of it I10 addresses his wif'o through the printer -in that equisito "Faro- well" with which all the world is familiar. "On the day of hor departure sho passed by the door of his«room and stopped to caress his favourite spaniel that was lying tliero ; and she confessed to a friend tlio weakness of feeling a willingness even to bo something as humble as that poor little creature, miglitoslie nnly.be allowed to remain and watch over him. She wont into the room where he and the partner of his sins were sitting together, and said, ' Byron, I 001110 to say good-bye,' offering at the samo timo hor hand. Lord Byron put his hands behind him, retreated to tho mantelpiece, and looking round 011 tlio three that stood there, with a sarcastic smile, said, ' When shall we three meet again ?' Lady Byron answered, ' In heaven, I "trust.' And those were her last words to him on earth." Suoh is the history of Lady Byron's married life ; tho world will now judge of her conduct, will render her that justice sho could at any time have demanded licrsolf, but which, from the noblest and highest motives, she forbore to claim during her life. To a friend who said to her, " Oh, how could yon love him ?" sho answered, briefly, " My dear, there was tho angel in him," — it is in lis all. It was in this angel that she had faith. It was for the deliverance of this angel from degradation and shumo and sin, that sho unceasingly prayed. She road every work that he issued — read it with a deeper know- lodge than any human being but. herself could possess. Tlio ribaldry and the obscenity and the insults with which ho strove to rnako lior ridiculous to the world, loll at hor pitying feet unheeded. Wlion he broke away from all this unworthy lil'o to ifovote himself to a manly enterprise for the redemption of Greece, she thought sho saw the beginning of an answer to her prayers. Even although his last act was to repeat to Lady. Blessington the false accusa tion which made Lady Byron tho author of all his errors, sho still had hopo.s, from tho one stop taken in the right direction. In tho midst of those hopes came the news of his sudden death. On his death-lied, it is well known that he called his confidential English servant to hirn, and said to hiin : " Go to my wife, and tell her . . . ." Hero followed twenty minutes of indistinct mutterings, in which tho naino of his wife, daughter, and sister frequently occurred. Suddenly lie turned and said : "You will tell her all this — have yon written it down ?" "My Lord," said his attendant, "I really have not understood a word you have been saying." "O God ! " said tho dying mail ; "then it is too late ! " and he nover spoko more. When Fletcher returned to London, Lady Byron sent for him, and walkorl tho room in convulsive struggles to roprcss her tears and sobs, while she over and over again strovo to : elicit something from him which should j enlighten her upon what that last message ! had beon, but in vain ; tho gates of eternity | were shut in her face, and not a word had passed to tell her if lie had repented, j For all that, Lady Byron never doubted his | -salvation. Always and ever before hor, during ; the few remaining years of her widowhood, was tlio image of her husband, purified and ennobled, with tho shadows of earth for ever dissipated, tho stains of sin for ovor removed — " the angel in hiin," as she expressed it, "made perfect, according to its divine ideal." Never has more divine strength of faith and love existed in woman. Out of tho depths of her own loving and merciful nature, sho gained such views of the Divine love and mercy as made all hopes possible. There was no soul of whoso future Lady Byron despaired. : Such was her boundless faith in the redeomiuo- ; power of love. | The Times thus Concludes its notice of this interesting record : — "The daylight has thus ! at last streamed in on tho stage romance of j Lord Byron's life, has struck tho thin tinsel I and the dirty paint, and now the curtain may be dropped, and tho play, still dragging on, I put an end to. As far as Lord Byron himself — -i-v-m is concerned wo do not regret it, tho truth is I the truth, and wo would sooner know hiin for what he was than take him for what he might have been. Sad it is beyond everything how black a tnark is for over sot against somo of the most perfect poeins — those to his half- sister Augusta — in this our mother tongue ; but, horriblo as is tlm crime now divulged, tlio unutterablo meanness of the man is still more despicable. When wo learn that the nntlior of "Childo Harold " not only ill-used his wife and turned her out of tho house, but chal lenged her beforo the world to say a word against him, well knowing that her noblo nature sealed hor lips, and that he 11 11 the while kept hor money, which she had scorned to secure to herself, to ho tlio means of liis de baucheries, wo almost fool that wo can novel- open his works again." Tho Saturday Review has a very interesting paper 011 tlio subject. Speaking of the charge brought against Lord Byron, it says : — Tlio very first timo it was ever announced in print was three months beforo Mrs. Stowe's publica tion. In an ablo and interesting paper, pub lished in tlio Temple Bar Magazine of .Tune last, on " Lord Byron's Mnrriod Life," as far as wo know this crime of incest was first, publicly charged on Lord Byron ; and we nro bound to say that, that article, ro- niarkablu for ability, good taste, and right feeling, has had far moro effect in compelling us to the conclusion that this is the true solution oft lie mystery than Mrs. Stowe's very unpleasant narrative, or any confidence which wo l-eposo in a writer so inaccurate, and in other ways so positively repellent, as the authoress of Uncle Tom's Cabin. Again, wo say, wo accept, this version, not oii'accoiiiit of tho external evidence which is brought to | support it, so much as 011 its internal pro- | liability. Had Lady Byron fifty-three years i ago, in tlio interests of religion and morality, I denounced her wretched husband — bud she, in order to avert the baleful influence which liis ! specious and debasing poetry was oxercising j over the minds of tlio susceptible in tho days ' when 'the Corsair and Parisian and Don Juan j were evil household words — had she, in the . oternal interests of right and truth, branded her wicked lord with bis incest and adultery, she would, in our judgment, linvo done a service to society. But now the interest in Lord Byron is much as our interest in tho sins ol'Gi.lipus or Byblis and Caunus. A morbid and vulgar curiosity is slaked, and slaked with a baleful beverage. It is true that tlio name of Byron will be a hissing and a scorn to all generations ; but if. this is a gain to the world, it is t;> be regretted that the last, generation, who suffered most by Byron's popularity, was deprived of this antidote to liis poisonous influence. Southey's ghost will probably rejoice that there existed so true a justification, though unknown to liim, of his phrase ot' the Satanic school. But we are not so sure thut some foolish people among ourselves may not lie misled by Lady Byron's amiable sophistry that her husband after all was half angoi, even though she lias left ample proof that lie was a fierce and unmitigated "devil" — to use his own description of himself. The more important matter, however, remains. Jilrs. Beeeher Stowe may have been guilty of bad taste, may have been influenced by low motives, may have noted without authority or even in breach of faith in telling the talo as and where she has told it, may have blundered in telling it, may have failed in establishing its authenticity, may have produced insufficient evidence for it; and after all the tale itself might possibly, depending as it does solely 011 Lady Byron's assertion, be an hallucination to which women at tlio time of childbirth are occasionally subject; but the question remains — is the story, through whatever unpleasant channel it roaches us, trno ? Have wo got the solution of the great mystery ? For the truth of the story is quite independent of tlio particular form, which is unsatisfactory enough, in which wo receive it. As wo have already hinted, we think, though wo think it with reluctance, that the balance of probability is on the whole much in its favour. It is intrinsically probable, and something .more than probablo, not only from internal evidence but from a whole cloud of small corroborative external details, not one of which perliaps is in itself conclusive, but tlio cumula tive force of which taken together seems to be irresistible. The argument is of a critical nature, and, though possibly weak in this or that single link, becomes very iinpies- sive from the lniiltiude of indirect and casual illustrations and slight confirmations of which it is capable. Lord Byron was an only child ; his half- sister Augusta Maria was an only child; and her mother was a divorcee. It is stated by Moore that, the brother and sister seldom, per haps scarcely ever, met in early life. Augusta was born in 17S3 or 1731, her mother, Lady Carnarvon, dying in the year of her birth ; Byron wies born in 1733. In 1S07 Augusta Maria Byron married Colonel L -igh. It was in 1313 that Bvron made, his first offer to Miss Millbank. __ According to Moore's Memoirs it was about March, 1311, that Augusta Leigh's name first occurs in Byron's Correspondence, and in the fragmentary diary which lie begun in November, 1313, and destroyed, in some, violent fit of some sort of passion, in April, 181 1, concluding it with a frenzied passage, of which the last words are, " 0 fool ! I shall go mail. ' Read by tho lurid glare of Mrs. Stowe's narrative, what Byron said in his letters to Moore, at this time, what he inserted in his Diary, and the poems which he wrote, become of the highest interest and significance. Some, passages from Moore's book we ex tract. The very first mention of Augusta Leigh occurs in the Diaiy : — "March 22, 1811. She is a friend of Au gustas, and whatever sho loves I can't help liking. March 28. Augusta wants me to mitko it up with Carlisle. I have refused exert) s/c. body else, but I can't deny her anything; so I must e'en do it. April 10. I do not know that T ain happiest when alone ; hut this 1 am sine of, that I never am long "111 the society even of her I love (God knows too well, and the devil probably too) without d yearning for the company of my lamp. ' And a week afterwards the journal was dis continued. We turn to the correspondence with Moore : — Febuary 4, 1811. Mrs. Leigh is with meat Newstead.' March 3 sifter let.urning to Lon don. I have, n great mind to toll you that I am uncomfortable if only to make you come to town . . . there is 110 one to whom I would sooner turn for consolation . . . The truth is, I have 110 lack of argument to ponder upon of the most gloomy description, lmt this comes from other causes. . . There is nothing upon tho spot either to love or hate, bat I certainly have subjects for both at I no vory great distance. . . . March 12. Guess darkly. . . . Atprosentlshall say no more, and, perhaps, but no matter. April 9\. I liavo moro or less been breaking a few of tho favourito commaudmonts ; but I moan to pull up and marry — it any ono will have 1110. At this moment Byron declared a sudden resolution, which, however, ho did not keep, never to write again ; and irom other notices, tlio exchange of books and letters, wo find that he was in daily communication with his half- sister. May 1, lie sends Moore a song, which, by tlio way, was never pnblishod till after his death, which seems at this timo significant : — I speak not, I traco not, I broatlio not thv name ;' There is grief in the sound, there is guflt in tho faino ; tt Jfc jfc ift £ Too brief for our passion, too long for our ponce Were those hours — can tlioir joy or their bittor- ness cease ? W o ropont — wo abjuro — wo will break from our chain. Wo will part — wo will fly — to unite it ngnin 1 Oh! tliinobotbegbidnoss and mino bo tho guilt. &c.;, &e.;, Ac. As we have said, not one of those expres sions is conclusive, but taken together tliey be come' important. As soon as Byron was clear of England, he wrote the famous verses "To Augusta," which were never published till after his death, be ginning "My sister, my sweet sister." It is certainly open to anybody to say that it might be only fraternal love which dictated tho very strong language of this remarkable poem ; it is also certain, on tlio other hand, that read by the light of Lady Byron's story, those strange lines are also susceptible, of a very different and blacker interpretation. As we have said before, tukeu by itselfi this' poem concludes nothing; taken in connection with oilier tilings it seems to mean a good deal. The person to whom they were addressed, it must not be forgotten, had a husband, and, as tho Peerage tells us, "issue." Poets may address their sisters in very affectionate lan guage, but tliey seldom talk of living, and living for ever with a married woman, even though she may bo a favourite half-sister. " Go where I will, to 1110 tlinu arc tho same, A loved regret which I would noc resign. There vet aro two tilings in my destiny — A world to roam through, and a homo with < thee." Byron's first literary work after the separation was to write Manfred, a ghastly tale, the interest of which centres on incest. We are quite aware that poets and dramatists aro not to be identified with the characters or plots which they draw. Racine wrote Phedre, but this is no proof that. I10 or any other tragedian practised the vices of the characters which he draws. We certainly cannot agree with Mrs. Stowe's wild assertion that "anybody who reads Manfred with this story in his mind will see that it" — tho story, wo suppose — "is true." But when it is said, on the other hand, as has been said by a writer in tlio Times, " thut it is almost impossible that a man with tho secret of incest on his soul would have written Manfred," wo should say this is a vory likely thing tin- liim to do. This view of the real significance of Manj red is illustrated by a remarkable passage in a letter +0 Murray of July 9, 1817, soon after its publication, and referring to a critique which had been sent by Murray to Byron : — "Send mo the rest.; and also p. 270, whore there is an 1 account of the supposed origin of this dreadful story ;' in which, by tlio way, whatever it may be, the ennjeeturor is out, and knows nothing of tlio matter. I had a belter origin (for Mutt /'red J than he can devise or divine for thesoid of him." But. this summer of ISIG was spent not only in writing Manfred, but in. Shelley's company ; and Shelley at that, very moment was engaged in writing the Revolt of Islam, a direct anil elaborate vindication of incest — and which, if wo remember rightly, in its original form as Laon ami Ggthna, was even more offensive than it is now. Wo have heard an ingenious but over- fanciful speculation that Astarle. the strange name of tlio incestuous sister in Manfred, contains a sort of anagram of tho principal letters of the tiamo of Byron's half- sister. But Ibis is probably a casual coin cidence. -The drama of Cain, 011 which Mrs. Stow.o rests so much as confirming the charge of incest, is of much later date. ' In conclusion, the Am'euMisks the following pertinent questions : — " Is it probable, or even possible, that Mrs. Stowe invented this history ? Most improbablo — all but im possible. Ts it probable, or oven possible, that Lady Byron invented this history ? Most improbable — all but impossible. It is pro bable, or oven possible, thut Lady Byron, with out intending to misstato or misunderstand, did take an serienx somo foglish and culpable uffogtation of vice, some swagger and-boast 011 her husband's part at somo great and secret crime, which only existed in his own morbid imagination, and was only, uttered for the sake of annoying his wife, and in his ordinary or extraordinary evil temper ? Just possiblo — but very improbable. Is the story an hallucination 011 Lady Byron's part ? Not at all likely — but of courso possible. If there fore there is nothing absolutely to discredit Mrs. Stowe's truthfulness, or Lady Byron's truthfulness, and if the probabilities agninst illusion or misunderstanding uro so great, wo are driven to tho conclusion that, 011 the whole, tho history in its essence — that, is, as a charge of incest — is moro likely on all accounts to bo true than not-. That it ought never to have appeared in this most unsatisfactory form, and that great blaino attaches to the author of tho l-ovelation, wo make no doubt." Mr. William Howitt has published au .explanation ot'Lidy Byron's separation from her husband. His view is that Lady Byron was a person who was accustomed to take extraordinary dislikes to pooplo without any imaginable cause, and ho believes that tho story which she told Mrs. Stoive had 110 foundation in fact. As to Lady Byron's peculiarities Mr. ITowitt writos : — " I knew hor for some years, and visited hor at lior- house in town, at her summer residence at Richmond, at Eton, and met hor at hor son-in-law's, Lord Lovelace's, at Ockham. Sho also visited us at. Eshor and Highgate. I am sure that Lady Byron was a woman of tho most honourable and conscientious intentions, but she was subject to a constitutional idiosyueracy of a most pecnliar kind, which rendered hor, when undor its influence, abso- lutely and persistently unjust. I am quite sure from iny own observation of her that, when seized by this peculiar condition of tho nerves, sho was helplessly under its control. Through this tho changes in her mood were sudden, and most painful to all about hor. I liavo seon her of an evening in the most amiable, cordial, and sunny humour, full of interest and sympathy ; and I liavo seen lior tho next morning como down as if sho had lain all night, not on a feather bed, but on a glacier — frozen as it wero to tho very soul and no efforts on the part of those around her could restore her for the day to a genial social warmth. In such moments sho seemed to tako sudden and deep impressions against porsons and things, which, though the worst might pass away, loft a permanent effect. Mr. Howitt comments strongly on tho de struction of Lord Byron's papers in vindication of himself, and argues that after that Lady Byron had 110 right whatover to say anything against I113 memory. Lord Lindsay sends to tho Times an extract from tho private family memoirs of tlio late Lady Anno Barnard, authoress of" Auld Robin Gray," who had known Miss Millbank from infancy, and maintained tho most, intimate and confidential relations with her after sho bo- Cftino Lady Byron. Lady Anne's affectionato rogard for tho lattor was accompanied with a proportionate antipathy to tho poet. Lord Lindsay's theory, thoroforo, is that those memoirs present the caso against Lord Byron in its blackest form, and that tho absence of any allusion to the dreadful intrigue spoken of by Mrs. Stowo must bo regarded as strong evidence of its non existence. It must bo re membered, however, that Lady Byron did not inform her father and mother of certain par ticulars which sho disclosed to Dr. Lusliington, and which led hiin to declare the impossibility of hor ever returning to her husband, and it is scarcely probable that she would be more con fidential with Lady Anno Barnard than with her own parents. Tho following, in a some what abridged form, is Lady Anne's narrative which, it will be observed, with the exceptions we liavo mentioned, coincides with Mrs. Stowo's description of Byron's behaviour : — I heard of Lady Byron's distress (this was when slm returned to lior father's after tho birth of Ada) ; of the pains ho took to give a harsh impression of her character to tlio world. I wrote to hor and entreated hor to come anil lot 1110 soo and hear her, if sho con ceived my sympathy or counsel could bo any comfort to her. Sho came — but what a talo was unfolded bjr this interesting young creature, who had so fondly hoped to liavo mado a young man ol genius and roruiineo (as she supposed) happy ! Tliey had not been an hour in tho carriage which conveyed them from tho church when, breaking into a malignant sneer, "Oh ! what u dupe you have been to our imagina tion ! How is it possible a woman of your sense could lorin the wild liopo of roforming ine ? Many aro the tears you will have to sherl ore that plan is accomplished. It is enough for 1110 that your are my wife for me to hate you ; il you wore the wife of "any other inau I own you might have charms," . &e.; I, who listened, was astonished. "How could yon go 011 after this,"' said I, "my dear ? Why did you not return to your father's?" " Because I had not a conception lie was in earnest ; becauso I reckoned it a bad jest, and told him so — that my opinions of liim wero very different from his of himsolf ; otherwise he would not find me by his sido. Ho laughed it over when ho saw mo appear hurt, and I forgot what had passed till forced to roinotn- ber it. I beliovo lie was pleased with mo too, for a little while. I suppose it had escaped his memory that I wa.s his wife." But sho do- scribed the happiness they enjoyed to liavo been unequal and perturbed. Hor situation in a short time might, liavo entitled hor to somo tenderness, but. sho mado no elairn 011 liim for any. He sometimes reproached her f.ir f Ii o motives that had induced her to marry hiin — all was "vanity, tlio vanity of MissMill- b mks carrying tho point of reforming Lord Byron! Ho always knew her inducements; lior pride shut hor eyes to his ; he wished to huinl up his character and his fortunes ; both were somewhat deranged ; sho had a high namo and would liavo a fortuno worth his at tention — let. her look to that for his motives !" " Oh, Byron, Byron," sho said, " how you desolate 1110 ! " Ho would thon accuse him self, of being inad, aud throw himself on tho ground in a frenzy, which sho bolioved was affected to conooal tho coldness and malignity ol liis heart — an affectation which at that timo nover Iniled to- meet with tho tondorest com- 111 soration. I could find by some-implications nit followed up by 1110 lest sho might bavo oiideinned herself afterwards for her involun- t iry disclosures, that sho soon attempted to corrupt her principles both with respect to hor own conduct and hor latitude for his. Sho saw tho proeipico on which she stood, and kept her sistui- with hor as much as possiblo. Ho re turned in the evenings from tho haunts of vice whero lie mado her understand he had boon, with manners so profligate ! "Oh, the wretch ! " said I, " and had ho 110 moments of remorse ? " " Sometimes ho appeared to have tlioin. Ono night, coining homo from ono of liis lawless parties, lie saw mo so indignantly collected, and bearing all with such a deter mined calmness that a l-ush of romdrso seomod to come over liim ; ho called himself a monster, though his sister was present, and throw him self in agony at my feet. 'I could not, no, I could not forgive liiin such injuries. Ho had lost me for over !' Astonished at tho return of virtue, my tears, I believe, flowed ovor his face and I said, 'Byron, all is forgotten ; never, never, shall you hour of it more !' ITo started iii, folding his arms wliilo ho looked at mo, burst into laughter. ' What do you mean ?' s.iiil I. ' Only a philosophical oxperimet, that's all,' said ho ; 'I wished to ascot-tain the value of your resolutions.' " I noed not say moro of this princo of duplicity, except that varied were his methods of rendering her wretched oven to tho last. When hor lovoly little child was born, and it was laid besido its mother oft' tho bed, and I10 was informed " he might see his daughter, ' after gazing at it with ail, exulting smile, this was tho ojaculation that broke from him, " Oh ! what an implement of torture have I ncquirod in you !" Such ho rendered it by his eyes and manner, keeping her in a perpetual alarm for its safety wlion in his presence. Lady Anno appends a letter from Lady Byron written soon aftor tho publication of " Childe Harold," in which sho speaks of hor husband's "acted insanity," egotism, aud mor bid lovo of sensation. In ono sontonce, not without, its significance, sho s.is it was be cause sho considered herself still Byron's friend that "sho silenced accusations by which lior own conduct might havo beon moro fully justified." Impounded at Coot am ox dry, on 18th October, from .Morris's Hill, by \V. Boivcn, Esq. : — Chest nut horse, bald faco, JS iiour shoulder, brokon- in : croiiin-colourod ninro, black points, faint brand ovor FS near sliouldor, collar-markod. To bo sold on lltli Novonibcr. Yass : Printed and published by James John Broom, solepropriclor, at the " Courier" General Printing Qfjke, Itossi-slrcet, Yass, in the Colony of New South Wales. 