TALES AMD SKETCHES. THE ABBOT'S POOL. [from all the yeah eound.1 ' CHAPTER I. ' It is quite true, my dear,' said the Vicar of Sedgbrook, as be stretched out his slippered feet, and sank back in his arm-chair to enjoy tho warm fire and cheerful room, doubly appre ciated after a long day passed in traversing muddy lanes frem one outlying hamlet to an other of his scattered country parish : ' it is quite true ; I met Denbigh this afternoon et the quarry cottages, and asked him if T were to wish him joy ; and he said « Yes, it is just settled.' He seems in, very high spirits, in his quiet stiff sort of way.' 'Well, of course I am not surprised,' said Mrs Carter, who sat at the tea table. ' I must go the first thing to-morrow and tell Elsie that I wish her joy.' ' You can't forgive her, I know, for taking a second husband,' said the vicar, smiling. ' Now I respect her sense for putting herself into the hands of a clever, well-to-do man like Denbigh, who will always be able te take care of her and maintain her.' ' Maintain her ! So like a man !' cried Mrs Carter ; ' always taking tbe mercenary common-place view of things ! However, in. this instance, I am quite disposed to forgive the poor little thing — only when one compares Mr Denbigh with Herbert Clavering ! ? ' ' Well, my dear, really if you come to that, Clavcriug was a good little fellow enough, but Denbigh ? '' 'Oh! if you go by height and size, and thews and sinews, there is no doubt which has the advantage ; Mr Denbigh is by no means ntue — nor paruenwny guuu either, I should say.' ' You don't appreciate Denbigh, Mary ; I assure you he is a first-rate fellow.1' 'As fa.r as cleverness goes, and all that, I have no doubt he if. I suppose no body doubts that he is the cleverest doctor in Slowshire. I can't conceive what makes him content to stay in thiB poky little place. But I can't- bear those stiff, iron grey sort of men, with eyes that pierce like gimlets. Now there was something' cheery, fraisk, and sunshiny about Herbert Clayering. As to this man, I don't like him, and I never did, and I never shall.' ' If Mrs Olavering does, that, happily, is of more importance.' ' Yes, if she does ; but in ninety cases out of a hundred, a woman's second marriage does not mean that she has forgotten number one, or cares for number two, only that Bhe can't bear being miserable.' ' But, my dear Mary, do consider what a mere baby poor Elsie was when she married first — only sixteen on her wedding day. I should 1 aot wonder if Denbigh were the true love after all.' ' May be ; there is no accounting for tastes. Ah, dear, dear! Doesn't it seem only yester day, John, that you married those two happy looking young creatures : Herbert Clavering, and sweet, pretty, Elsie Willis?' 'Pour years, my dear Mary.' ' And only four months of happiness for the poor little thing in all; that time! How bright she looked, didn't she, on her weddiDg visits ; and how sure she seemed that all was to go right, and he was to get an appointment where she could be with him ; and then, when he had to go oif at twelve hours' notice, what a weary waiting it was when the Amethyst did not arrive at Hong Kong in proper time. Odd, by-tho-bye, that Mr Clavering should have come here as Mr Denbigh's friend ! They were schoolfellows, don't you remember ?' There was a pause, during which the vicar had moved to the tea- table, and was busied in carving ham and dispensing poached eggs. Presently Mrs Carter spoke again. 'I sup pose Mr Denbigh haa always been in love with her. In those days he was dependent on his nncle, you know, and he could not have mar ried. And don't you recollect how queer we thought it that he' would not come to the wed ding, though the bridegroom waB his friend ? However, 1 dare say ne won't mane a Daa uub band ; though I must say, John, I think he might come to church now and then, if it were only once a year.' ' Yes, that is a flaw in Denbigh's character, certainly. Youknow I have remonstrated with him about it before now : but, as he says, it is not easy to manage so as to make the services fit in with his other duties. Yes, I know, my dear. I understand all you mean by that look; but live and let live. We must judge people by their owd standard.' 'Must we? I thought there was only one standard for everybody.' 'Well, for that matter,' retorted the vicar, ' I don't read any where that we are commanded to judge. People must do what is given them to do, my dear ; and, if Denbigh's faith isn't all it might be, he has oharity, which covereth a multitude of sins ; he is thoroughly kind, and careful, and conscientious among the poor ; and that is saying a great deal, let me tell you.' ' You are too tolernnt for me,' said Mrs darter, with an expressive little shrug of her shoulders. She had never given in her allegiance to the vicar's rather broad church views. There was a long pause, till she spoke again, in a lower , and more earnest tone. ' John, one thing does strike me. Is it certain that the poor man is really dead ? Is Elsie justiQed iu marrying again?' 'My dear Mary,' said her husband, laughing, ' if he is not dead, what do you suppose bas be come of him? It is two years, or nearly so, Bince we heard of the loss of the Amethyst.' ' True,' assented Mrs Carter, thoughtfully. ?? Well, I hope it is all right. What a shame, though ! Poor Herbert Clavering ? Here am 1 wisning mat no muy ou ubhu i uuuu, -u«i «.? comes of these hateful Becond marriageB; they make one wish all kinds of horrid mur derous things.' The meal being by this time ended, Mr Carter rang the bell and ordered candles to bo taken into his study. His wife settled her self to her evening's work, but still, as she plied her needle, her thoughts were busy with the sad little village romance of which a new bhapter seemed to be opening. Meanwhile, the two parties principally concerned, whose affairs were the engrossing topic of conversa tion among all classes in Sedgbrook, were happily oblivious of every human being except themselves. Elsie Clavering had lived almost all her short life in the Churchyard Cottage, as it was called : a picturesque, ivy-grown, inconvenient little abode, olose to the ohurohyard gate. There, her grandmother, the widow of a former vicar, had received her in her orphan baby hood ; there, her young husband had seen her, and wooed her, and won her, all in the course of hiB fortnight's visit ; there, he had left her during the voyage which had ended bo fatally ; there, she had continued to reside, first with her grandmother, and alone after the old lady's death ; there she was Bested now, on a low chair close to the cheery fire, which lighted up the little square parlor with a cordfortable J-ed brightnese. She looked very veryyoung to have passed through tho greatest joy and sorrow of a woman's life — younger even than her twenty years warranted. Hers was the soft, fair, flower-like beauty which seems to belong to childhood. It was difficult to believe that the thin black drr bb which set off her dazzling fairness was worn for a husband, or that' the bright locks which curled down on her shoul der s were too Bhort to plait or twist, because they had so lately been cut, and tucked away ..- under her widow's cap. No doubt she had known anxious days and watchful nights, bufc they had left no traces on the fair young face ; there was a sweet pensive gravity on tbe drooping eyelids, with their heavy dark fringe, and on tbe quiet mouth ; but the delicate tint on her cheek was fresh and healthful, and there was not a furrow on her brow to tell of the- heart-sickness of hope deferred. Her lover sate close beside her, on a seat lower than her own, so that he was almost at her feet. Tbe contrast was striking, between her peculiarly fragile youthful beauty and the dark middle-aged gravity which made him seem much older than he really was. . 'Let it be the. fifteenth, Elsie,' he was say ir.g ; ' life is very short, and my last fouryearo bave been almost more than a man can bear. I shall never rest till you nre quite my own,' ' What are you afraid of ?' aeked Elsie. 'Anything, tverything— a ghoEt from the grave, I think. When I was a boy at Echool, Elsie, I used to think, as the holidays drew near, that I never should live till tbe day came. I think If pel the same now, about our we^dipg dflv.' ' Let it be iust as von wish, Philip,' eaid Elsie, with a little sigh. ' I shall be very very thankful. You do not know the rest and comfort it will be to me to begin my new life, with you to care for me, and with duties to do. I have been bo very unhappy for such a long time.' ihe tears filled her eyes, and rolled dowm her cheeks ; but he caught her in his arms and! kissed them away ; he called God to witness that not a cloud should come across her sky when she was his wife ; he vowed that when her life was in his keeping, it should be on© long summer's day of brightness. His vehe mence seemed to scare her ; she drew back, shrinking, from the clasp of his arms. ' Do not talk so,' ehejf aid ; ' you frighten me. Who can tell what Heaven has in. store for us ? I have learnt not to build too much on happiness, ant), above all, not to think much about the future ; it is not in our own power.' ' It is more in our own power than you think,' Philip Denbigh answered. ' I believe that to wish a thing intensely, perseveringly, to the exclusion of every other thought and feel ing, brings it to pass oftener than people sup pose.' ' He checked himself, for a paDg of self reproach struck on his heart a» he asked him self, bad not his love for Elsie taken the forna of just such a longing, and bad not his pas sionate wish been fulfilled at a 'fearful cost ? He spoke smilingly, and in a lighter tone, as he said : ' We see when a man's fate is too much for him ; but who can toll how many times a man's intense will conquers his fate?' Perhaps ,it wa3 a relief to both of them that their tete a-tete was interrupted by tbe entrance of a kind little old maiden lady who lived some miles off, and who had lately come, at Mra Clavering's request, to remain with her till h&r; marriage. Elsie waa never so happy a3 when her lover was with her, but she was sometimes scared by the vehement expressions which ahe could not echo and could hardly un derstand. In the presence of others he *as wholly undemonstrative, aud his conversation — which was of books, and all the literary and scientific subjects of the day — far above tbe usual Sedgbrook level, was delightful to Elsie ; who, though not clever herself, was very ap preciative, aud of the sweet teachable nature which mankind most values in a wife or sister. To Philip Denbigh her very presence brought an indescribable charm and delight. She suited him exactly, to use tho common-place phrase ; in grander language, she satisfied every craving of his nature. Her sweet beauty, her gentle yielding temper, her soft repose, so unlike his own vehement concentrated nature, were all delightful to him. The old uncle who bad left him his practice, together with a house, a garden, a field, all known by tbe name of The Abbott's Portion, had also given him an educa tion rather beyond the requirements of a village surgeon. Hia skilful treatment of a very diffi cult surgical case bad since brought him under the notice of some high medical authorities in London and Paris ; he had been repeatedly urged not to wastes his talents in that remote country region, but to avail himself of more than one opening which had come in his way. Hitherto he had invariably refused; some thought from a feeling of loyalty towards old Sedgbrook, where a Denbigh had been tho vil lage doctor ever s'nee the year one ; others thought (and with more reassn) because he could not endure to leave the place where Elsie Clavering was bearing her long trial. When he wished her good night on this even iDg, he said, 'I shall have more spirit now, Elsie, and more ambition. Shall you break your heart if I carry you off from old Sedgbrook some day ?' 'No, I sha'l carry my home with me,' she answered, looking up in his face with her pretty smile. ' I should like give you a sunnier home than dingy Abbott's Portion,' he said, ' I should like my Elsie to take her place aomoday among the ladies of tbe land.' With a fond, good night he left her, and was soon in the churchyard, which led on the other side, through a turnstile and a narrow lane, into tho main street of the villuge. Following this for some way, he then turned up another narrow lane, a.ud in a few minute a found him self at the little white gate which led, through a narrow strip of garden.' to his house. It was a quaint buildiug of a dull red oolor, with heavy old-fashioned windows in settings of grey stone. It had once been attached to a religious bouse, as form or guest-house, and henoo its peculiar name. Thejjlittle entrance hall and a dingy square parlor looked towards tho road ; an ugly little excrescence of modern growth had a separate entrance to itself, arid was the surgery. Two large low eitting-roonqs a'/ the back looked across a small garden, to the field which completed the domain. That field was dreaded by the youth of Sedgbrook, for in one corner was a black -looking pool of water which, tradition said, was of unfathomable depth ; it was surrounded on three sides by high banks, and overhung by an elm-tree, on which, according to the same tradition, the last abbot had been hanged, his body being after wards flung into the pool, which had borne his name from thatii mo. Of course his ghost ^walked,' ancl bo threats or promises wonld have induced a Sedgbrook lad to venture near he haanted spot after dark. To' this supersti tion Mr Denbigh was indebted for a great deal of tranquillity, as the place, being a famous one for blackberries in autumn and for skating in winter, and at all time3 delightfully perilous to life and limb, might otherwise have been more popular with the village youth than would have jbeen at all agreeable to the inhabitants of Abbot's Portion. As. Mr Denbigh let himself in, he was met by a comely-looking elderly servant with a candle in her hand: a broad-faced, rough, kindly West-country woman, once his nurse, '.. whom he had summoned two years before, on his uncle's death, to act as housekeeper for him, while her husband accompanied her as groom, ?': gardener, and factotum. 'What, Isofcfc, not gone yet?' said her.master, in the, quick short ! manner which was habitual to him. 'I thought I, told you never to wait for me.' ' ' I be just agoin,' sir ; my master, he've bin to bed most two hours agone,'' was the answer, in a brisk good-tempered Voice and a broad Slow ehire dialect. 'Has he? Then I advise you to follow your master's example as quickly as She lingered a minute, looking wistfully at his face. Then, as she caught his eye, broke into a broad smile. ' Bain't I to know no thing, sir?' she Baid;! 'there were a body here to-night as says the volks be talking.' 'Well, the folks are. right for onco. lam '. going to be married, Isott.' Isott's sly smile became more sly still, and demurely she replied. 'I could 'a tell'd ye that six months agone.' ? 'It is only just settled,' Philip said, impres sively. ' What is the matter now?' as the old woman fctood fidgeting with the corner of 'her apron. 'Now I be to turn out, I war'nt,' she said, in a grumbling tone. ' No, indeed, Isott, Mrs Glavering is most anxious to keep you on. But we will discuss all that another . time. Be off now, and let me lock the door after you.' The old servant lingered, as if anxious for a little chat, but she knew of old that ' master 'ood be minded,' so she obeyad. He held open the front door, and let the rays of his candle fall on the dark wet lane y until the click, click of her pattens ceased, and he knew that she had reached the cottage where she and her husband lived, and which was only on the opposite side of the narrow road. Then \- he shut the door, and, taking the light, wont into the larger of the two back sitting-rooms, and looked carefully around. The furniture was solid and ugly, the paper and carpet were \- worn to a general dull brownness of hue ; but the windows opened on the garden, and, the mantel-shelf was of dark old oak, quaintly carved. Altogether, the room had capabilities. He looked round it with a feeling of restless feverish happiness. Often and often, and for very long — too long 1 — had. he planned how it could befitted np, so as to be worthy of Elaie. To see her there had been the one vision of his life ; for that faint uncertain hope he had lived, and saved, and denied himself everything'; every sixpence that he could spare had been laid aside for the decoration of this shrine, long before the day when he knew that his goddess wa3 free to receive his homage. Seldom, very seldom, does such idol-worship take possession of a man's nature. Still more rarely is it followed by a blessing ! CHAPTER II. So the hours came and the hours went, and breught the eve of Philip and Elsie's wedding day. It was to be a quiet wedding, as all felt that any'rejoioingB would be out of place after so brief and sad a widowhood. Mrs Clavering herself, though thankful and content at heart, would have shrunk from anything like bridal display. The few weeks which intervened be:, tween the announcement of his engagement' and his marriage had been spent by Philip Denbigh in busy preparations for welcoming ' home his bride. All was completed now ; the house wa3 brightened up to receive its new mistress; the two maids who were to assist old Isott were engaged to come at the end of the week's holiday, which was alHbat.so busy a man could spare for his honeymoon ; ' no thing remained for him to do but to pay a last visit to all hia patients, and to complete the final arrangement with Mr Scott, the Slowcombe surgeoc, who was to attend them during his short absence. It was well, per haps, that all these things kept him so hard at work from the late winter's dawn until the early twilight, that he had scarcely time to think, ; for he was haunted on this last day of his unmarried life by the feeling he had de Bcribed to Elsie : an unreasonable doubt and dread lest the happiness so close before him never could be his. He had told Elsie that he would be too busy to see her that day ; but splashing home late in the evening from a visit to a patient, and ? seeing a light still ia her drawing-room, the templation was strong upon him to go in and wish her good night, especially as he felt a jealous fear leat, on this last evening of her widowhood, the old love and the old memory might be rising up to trouble her peace. The maid admitted him, and hastily passing ner, he opened the door of the little parlor. Mrs Clavering was sitting in her usual low chair by the nearly dying fire, but crouching for-' \- ward, her face buried in her hands, evidently ' weeping, though silently. Philip's heart grew cold, and his face white and set, at this sight ; he had nearly turned to go without betraying his presence, but at the moment Elsie looked up, saw him, and with a little cry of relief, tarried across tho room to him : resting against him as he took her in his arms, like a little frightened child that had found its protector. 'Oh, I am bo glad you are come!' she whispered, with a fresh burst of tears. *? I began to think I had better not have come,' he said, stiffly, for jealousy made his heart sore. ' Wky ?' The innocent wondering eyes met his for a moment, then drooped as she held out her left hand, and showed the third finger slightly swelled and reddened round the wedding- ring. ' This is it,' she whispered. ' You know you made me promise to take it off before to mor row, and I tried. But look ; my finger has swollen round it quite suddenly, and do what I will I cunnot move it. I am very silly, Philip, but I could not help crying. Is it not a bad omen?' 'An omen very quickly put an end to,' said Mr Denbigh, producing from bis pocket a case of aucomfortable-looking instru ments). ' I will nip it off for you in a moment.' . But Elsie held back her hand. ' No, Philip,' ehe said, pleadingly, ' please let me keep it on, till to-morrow. If it does not come off easily before wo go to church, you shall take it off for mo then ; but I yan't nay quite good-bye to the old life till I begin the new one.' Thero was a pause ; then Philip took h.er 'hanife almost roughly, and hold her from him whila ho looked scarohingly in her face. It bluahed under hia gaze, though again the eyes were raised fearlessly and wondering. ' Elsie;' he said, in a hoarse voice, ' if your heart is gone down into the grave with that, other man, say go. Do not let mo give all and got nothing.' ' Oh ! have you been faacying that I was fretting !' Elsie exclaimed. , In a loiver tone, and as if her own words almost frightened her, she went on: 'Could you think so, Philip ? Don't you understand that I am only sorry, and grieved, and angry with myself bo cause I do not feel as I ought ? Yes, you wore right in what you said ; that was a child's love, and this is the real grown up love ; and now this about my ring seemed like re proach.' ' Yon are making me much happier than I can express,' was all her lover could answer. ' And I hope — I do hope— my feelings are not wronging his memory,' she whispered on. ' I did care : you know I did. But, oh ! not asl care for you.' She looked up at him with such a look of trust and affection as those sweet eyes had never given him before. Doubts and fears vanished, aud for once his restless passionate heart was at peace. Elsie Clavering had spoken the truth in the avowal she had just made. Her sailor lover, gay, buoyant, and rather shallow, had been too like herself in temperament to command the reverence with which Philip Denbigh had inspired her. The days . of her first short bright wooing had passed by, stirring only tho surface of her nature, and leaving its depths to be fathomed in o, later hour. 'She is happy, she is really and truly happy now !' thought her lover, as he walked honw through the darkness of 'the foggy January night. ' She w^l be a thousand times happier than that poor fellow ever could have mado her. Fate has been good to us both. She would have been utterly thrown away on poor empty headed Clavering, whose sailor admiration of beauty was just stirred by her pretty face, but who would have liked any other well-looking girl just as much as my pearl, my darling, the only woman in the whole world to me ! I have won her at last — at iast — after all these years,! Only this one night more to -be lived through, and to- morrow— to-morrow.!' An early hour had been fixed for the mar riage, in order that it might be as quiet as possiblo ; it waB hardly nino o'clock, when Mrs Carter, almost the only invited guest, arrived at the church, and took hor place in the vicar age pew. It was a raw black morning, witha biting wind threatening snow. The vicar's wife was shivering under under all her wraps, and half sobbing besides, for she had a keen feeling that the eternal fitness of things, and, above, all, the dignity of womanhood, wore outraged by the purpose for whic*h she had come there ; and that Elsie Clavering, by all the rules of feminine propriety, was bound rather to have died of a broken heart. ' Oh 1 if John were to die, would I ever, ever forget him?' thought the warm- hearted little woman. She was in tho midst of a doleful, and yet rather soothing, vision of her own inconsola ble conduct at John's funeral, when a sound in the porch made her turn her head, aud she saw the bridegroom entering. But sush a bride groom entering. But such a bridegroom I Philip Denbigh was at all times pale ; but the white, set, ghastly face of the man then enter ing the porch was as unlike the Philip Denbigh of yesterday as a stiffened corpse is unlike the living breathing creature. Mrs Carter was ab solutely terror stricken. ' Good Grod, this man is going mad !' was the thought which flashed across her. Next moment she smiled at her own fears, when she saw that the doctor's manner was quite col lected. But old Isott, who, in her cherry colorod merino and white ribbons, was standing close by, never took her eyes off her master. And she observed what Mrs C&rter; did not, that — when he tried to pass the time in turning over the leaves of a prayer- book, his hand 'so shook that he was obliged to put it down, aud that all the while he stood with folded arms awaiting his bride, he was gnawing his under lip. But ho was ready in a moment to take his place before the altsr whon Elsie arrived, ; leaning on the arm of a kind old gentleman of the neighborhood, who had undertaken to act as father for the occasion. She had chosen a very quiet dowager garb : a dress of silver grey silk, which fell about her in soft rich folds, under the long white burnous ; and a few green orange-leaves in her small white bonnet pre vented her dress from being half mourning. But she could not have chosen any dresa. which would have set off to greater advantage her childish feminine beauty. ' Surely,' thought Mrs Carter, ' she muut be startled if she looks at his face.' And a sentence whioh she had not read for years came back to her mind. ' For as brent as your brow is, there is that in it that ia as near akin to death as to wedlock.' But Elsie saw nothing : during tho whole service she did not once raise her oyes. Only once she shrank, when Philip seized her hand with a grasp as hot as fire, squeezing her soft little fingers with a positively painful force. And once again she started when the vicar's impressive voice pronouncod the solemn words : ' What God hdth joined, let no mail put asun der.' For then the hot hand holding hers suddenly became as chill as death. It was over, iiii xruuuigu mm uuiy iu umw iiib wiie u unii through his, and take her down the short path to tho churchyard cottage, where she was to change her sober bridal dress for some dark travelling gear more suited to a wintry journey. The sea-Bide place to whioh they were bound was barely ton miles distant, and tho post chaise which was to convey them thither was ready packed at the door when they left the church, so Mrs Denbigh did not wonder that her husband hurried her away from the congratulating crowd at tho ohuroh door, mut tering something about making hasfce lest they should be caught in the snow-storm, now evi dently imminent. , When she came down-stairs from her hasty toilet, she found her husband standing by the firo, his face buried in his folded arms, whioh rested on the mantelshelf. His attitude was! so expressive of suffering, mental or bodily, that she hastened to him, asking if he were ill. '111? No,' he answered; but with such a face that she exolaimed : 'You are, I am sure; What is the matter, Philip?' 'X was in the clouds — or in the fire,' he answered witha laugh. ' Are you ready ?' ' In one moment ; but look, Philip ; I wanted to show you my fiuger. You see it has only your ring on it now. Last night, the other was as tightly fixed as ever, but in the morning it had slipped off of its own accord. Is it notstrange ?' Her hus band made no answer; indeed ho hardly seemed to hear her, so intent was he on folding hor wraps about her, and hurrying hor into the .carraige. Ho leaned back in total silence while they drove up the village street, lined' with 'gazers. His Wife saw from tho impatient movement of his foot that ho was suffering under some an nojanco, and thought that he was vexed for her sake bythe number of people, who showed their interest,' in their rough country fashion, by staring with all their eyes. ?? I don't'mind, Philip,' she said, turning to him. Again the look on his face startled her. Next moment, as they left the village behind' them,, and emerged into the quiet country road, he clasped her in his arms: ' Mine at last! There is no power iri heaven or earth, my Elsie, that can part us now.' ? . 'I had no idea,' said Mrs Carter to her hus band, when they talked over the wedding that evening, ' that Mr Denbigh could be bio ner vous and queer. I always thought him dis agreeable, but I never knew him so perfectly odious as he wa8 this morning— rushing off with Elsie without letting her even say thank you, when we were all wishing her joy ; and glaring at everybody aB if he defied them, fro look at her. Such horrid bad manners ! And all the time did you . ever see saoh a face ? I am sure he looked more as if he were going to be hanged than married.' 'A man always does look a fool on these occasions,' said the vicar. . During the night the impending snow fell heavily. When Mrs Denbigh drew up her window-blind, and looked out next morning, it was on a world as white as her wedding veil. The snow lasted all through the week, and was lying deep and hard frozen on the ground when Mr Denbigh brought home his bride. It was quite dark, except for the dreary cold light from the white ground, when their fly drove along the village street, and turned up the narrow lane whioh led to Abbot's Portion. As it stopped at the gate, the door was flung open, ana old Isott appeared, with a lighted candle and a beaming face. The little en trance hall looked eheerful : still more cheer ful looked the sitting-room, of which the open door gave a sight, all bright with fire and' candle, and gay with white papering and soft moss carpet, and groups of low chairs and graceful little tables, and endless dainty de vices, all wonderfully unlike the usual fittings in the ' best parlor' of a country surgeon's wife. Elsie Denbigh had hardly time for an exclamation of delighted surprise, for her hus band's one idea was to get her put of the cold ; and it was not until he had almost carried her to the fireside, and unfastened her many wrappers, that she could look round and take in the gay bridal effeot of the room. ' How beautiful !' she cried, when at last she had studied every detail of delicate chintz and fresh well-chosen furniture ; 'and all my own belongings from the cottage fitted in, as if they had always been here ! Are you aeon juror, Philip ? Ah, now I know why you had business here, and left me for nearly a whole day. How charming it all, is!' 'Do you really like it, Elsie ?.. Does it please you ? Are you sure?' 'Like it? Do I .not'? What an array of books !' She kneeled to examine the bookshelves, which filled a recess near the fire-place. ' You will read to me, won't you, Philip, and teach me to like all the books that you are fond of ? And oh, a grand piano !' ' It has always been my ambition to give you that, Elsie: sit down and sing me one of your songs— worth all the books that ever were written.' - Elsie obeyed, and for the next hour sang song after song: her husband listening as he leaned back in his easy-chair to tho sweet voice which had always seemed to him tlie perfection ofmelodj. Then Isott summoned them to supper, and would allow nobody but herself to wait on her master and mistress that night. ' This room looks out at the back, of csurse,' said Mrs Denbigh, as they returned to the drawing-room after their meal was over. ' How many years have passed since I, was in it last !' She drew the window-ourtain find: looked out. ? ' How weird and strange tho gdnden looks !' she said to her husband, who had not followed her ; 'all the bushes standing up like so many ghosts in their white shrouds ! And that is the Abbot's Pool, I suppose— *hat Qark spot under the tree ? Ifc looks strange to me seen from here.' She drew the curtain with some exclamation about the cold, and came to her husbands sifle, shivering. ' You have caught cold. You are ill, Elsie. Do you feel faint ?'?' ' Oh no ; something seemed to strike me cold in a moment. Isott would say that some one was walking over my grave.' ' Sit down,' he said, and drew a chair to the fire, adding in his quick professional manner, ' never neglect a shiver. Are you warmer ? Yon are sore ? Let me feel your hand again.' 'Quite well now. I think the old Abbot's Pool Ghost must have had some idea of appearing to me, do _ you know? I am glad he thought better of it, and didn't. You can't think how strange I felt for a moment — quite suddenly — as I was looking at that gloomy place.' 'Id is a gloomy place,' he said, still chafing her hands. ' Some of these days we'll leave it far away, Elsie. There! I've put some warmth into these poor little chilled fingers at last.' To hide some vague feeling of discomfort which still hung about hor, she turned to a table where several wedding presents and other ornaments .were arranged,* and took up a basket of old-fashioned card filagree, in which a number of rolled papers, pink, blue and yellow, stood up like soldiers at drill. ?'? What a kind old-fashioned thought of old Miss Ducane's,' she said, smiling. ' ' Have you seen her present to me, Philip — a set of Shakspeare oharaoters ?, Shall I draw and try my f ate ? Though it is rather late in the dayfor that.' Laughing, she drew out a pink paper, but her countenance changed as she read it, and she handed it to her huaband, saying: 'I don't think they should put anything go painful and horrid as that 1' It was the sentence from Richard the Third: . ' .- , Have not to do witlj him : beware of him : Sin, Death. and Hell have set their marks on him, And all their ministers attend on him. ' Tear it up,' said Philip Denbigh, curtly. II But they are all arranged in order: it will spoil the set.' ' Then the set must be spoilt. Tear up the paper.' Elsie had never heard that tone of com-4 mand before, and she wondered ta see how his eyebrows were drawn together until they nearly met, and how ho watohed her obedient fingers, as if she could not tear the offending paper into morsels small enough. When it was done, he. took up the heap of letters awaiting him, and became buried in their contents ; but while Elsie moved softly about, acoustoming herself to the now room and the new life, she now and then met his eyes, fixed on her with a look she oould not understand, and whioh was instantly withdrawn when their glances met. Sho resolved to put the obnoxious present out of sight next morning : nor did she \- eel quite happy until he had finished reading his letters, and had spoken to her again in his usual voiceahd manner. , On Ihe following morning a thaw had set in; Everything was dripping arid dropping, and when Mr Denbigh mounted his horse, after breakfast, to go on his rounds, he recommended his wife not to set foot outside the door all day. She promised to obey, unless it' should turn out temptingly fine ; and during the morning was fully occupied ; for old Isott seized upon . her, and insisted on her undergoing a display of the contents of every drawer, closet, and cupboard, and of the inventories, thereunto belonging. This got over at last, she,, ate her; solitary luncheon, and after that found plenty to do in arranging her possessions, so that it was not until late in the afternoon that she came into her drawing-room to see that the fire was bright and ready for her husband's return. It struck her that the empty flower- vases looked dreary, and wanted a dash of color to set off their whiteness ; the sun shining in at the moment, she hastily put on cloak, and hat, and clogs, and sallied out to gather sprays iof holly, of which plenty grew on the banks of the Abbot's Pool. Down the slippery garden walk she went with careful steps, and up the green bank, more slippery still, which overhung the deep hollow where the half -frozen waters lay. A shower of melting snow fell from a bush as she drew a bough down towards her ; and as she bent for ward, shaking off the drops from her cloak and hair, she saw something glistening in the wet grass at her feet. She stooped to pick it up, and it was a ring—a ring of curious work manship, with a ruby set in it. The sight was a strange one to her. Just such aring had been one of the few ornaments left her by her mother, and she had given it to her first husband on the very evening when they wished each other that sad long good-bye. The coincidence was a strange one, she thought, and, with a thrill of superstitious alarm, she remarked how exact a resemblance it was ; the shape and size of the stone, the peculiar antique setting ; even a little flaw she remembered in her ruby was repeated in this stone. She could scarcely believe that she did not really hold in her hand the love-token which had gone down into the deep sea on her dead husband's finger. She walked back to the house, sadly, and, when she' found herself in the fast .darkening bedroom, was seized with a fit of eerie spectral terror. She flung her hat and cloak on the bed, and was rushing down at full speed to the drawingroom, where candles had just been placed, when her husband, coming in at the frontdoor, almost caught her in his arms. She was surprised by the quickness with which he perceived that something was amiss, and at the sharp tone, almost1 expressive ol some keen anxiety, in which he asked : 'What is it? What has happened?' She told him, as they stood together by the drawingroom fire; ending with the very natural question: 'Is it not strange ? I never saw a ring in the least like it anywhere, and this is exactly the same.'' He roughly snatched .the ring out of her hand, exclaiming: 'Throw it into the fire — don't. touch it— throw it away !' Elsie's first impulse, then aB always, was to submit; but in a moment she recollected that tho ring must belong to somebody, and that it was of real value. As she stooped to rescue it, he held her back, angrily. 'I won't have you perpetually harking back to that old story. Everything you see, every trifle that happens, you twist into some recollection of what you ought never to think of more. You wrong me in your thoughts, Elsie, every hour of the day.' Dismayed, astonished, and scared, Elsie drew back,. and hastily bared her arm where his iron fingers had left their purple marks. She looked at the bruise with the piteous look of a child that has received a hurt, and presently tears began to flow. But he was by no means softened at the sight ; with unabated anger he went on: ' What is it you suppose ? What is it yon assert? Let me know at once, all you are thinking.' 'What can I think?!' Bhe said, looking up in wonder. ' I do not under stand you to-day, Philip. Of course this ring must have been dropped by somebody ; but it is so like the ring I gave — — ' She stopped, afraid of again rousing his jealous temper, and pleaded; 'Any one would have been startled, Philip ; you should not — you should not ? ' And here broke down and began to cry. ; He teok several turns up and down the room, then stopped, close to her, as she stood leaning on the mantel-piece. ' Elsie, stop those sebs. Stop them at once, if you do not want to drive me mad. Cry ? Are you aotully crying be cause I have been a brute to you ? And I vowed I would never cause you one tear !V Oh ! my darling, my darling, forgive me.' The tears vanished in smiles. 'You did frighten me for a minute,' she said ; ' but it is over now. You take everything ?' too seriously, Philip.' 'Do I? Bear with me, Elsie, bear with me, for if I loved you less I should take things less to heart. Dry your eyes, and think no more about it now, my poor, poor little darling.' 'Doyou pity me?' asked Elsie, all bright and happy again ; ' indeed you need not; and look! here is the ring : it has fallen quite harmlessly under the grate.' ' Give it to me,' said her husband, holding out hia hand, 'I will advertise it in the local paper. You know Abbot's Pool has been- a lion in a small way; but I shall put an end to all that now, and look up the field.'' ?' Here it is,' said Elsie; 'surely it is not hot.' 'No; why?*' 'I fancied that , yon shrank, as if it burnt your fingers.' Next day she asked her husband if he had taken any steps about the advertisement; he ourtly answered that he had settled it all ; and she, being a woman . of a yielding disposition and no great curiosity, remained satisfied with the answer. To he continued. 