DY TIH oelr~o, i.?17i ' Juie. to 15th July. Oun last Summary was utblished; on 17th Junoe. The May Overlaiad Mail was doliveard in Launceston o: the 8th July, the day before it was d?;.' By telegriam' fronm Adoeiride wo. were enabled topublish on 0th July the most important items of intelligence.. News from England to ltOlr June roached bylthis oppor tunity via GCl. le , The news by the' English mail is, gloomy so far as this colony istcoicerned. "Wool has again declined;'barlc is lower; tallow -has receded; -and the interest of, money has risen to four and a half per cent, at the bank. This state of affairs wgill render economy necossairy in public as well as. private 'expenditirie, un. less like spendthrifts we are to live upon ohr capital, while the whole of our cariings' ore consumed.' 'What a farce it is to tax the colonists, without an army or a float, more heavily than t'tio people of England are assessed, and expect prosperity. It is taxa. tion that depresses the springs of industry, interrupts transactions, exacts unnecessary time and trouble, and expioses to uncompen sated loss. The commercial disasters that have been experienced also 'indicate that a less ostentatious style of expenditure should be adopted. ' Our M·unicipal Councils are,'as a rule, too extrayegahit. By over.valuing property the rates are notually fifty per cent. above the nominal figure. There are very few persons in: Launcostoni, " except those who own the houses they live in, can afford ?to' pay fifty pounds 'a year for a mere dwelling, and in many cases the assessed value is greater than the ;ront paid'to the landlord. ; It is not by the expen diture 'on.,unproductive railways that the country is'to prosper: that senseless policy would only sink it deeper in the mire, from which it might novorbe extricated; but it is by private and publio economy-the cessation of expenditure for all but objects absolutely necessary-thiat the afl'irs of the colony can bh righted,. anud the settlers become pros perous. . It has been suggested that instead of having ONE JUnOG for the entire colony TIInEE should berappointod; on' the plea that,the Wardens 'are frequently destitute of; legal knowledge, and may be otherwise very-de. fective. It is said that the judges could then hold circuit courts, and bring justice to 'very man's door. Tlhero are several objections to this schleme. The first is, the finances of the country cannot afford the expense. Thorr would not only be the additional salaries of twojudges, but a court-house would have to be provided in each hamlet, a crier, court-' house keeper, and probably a clerk appointed, who would have nothing 'to' do the greater part of the year except to draw their pay. Nor is it possible to make men providont against their will. 'What is the cause of the I present: system of misgovernment and tile extravagance from which we all suffer I Simnply the retirn of incompetent, selfish, and designing men as reprosentatives. len I of worth, experience, and property are not as a rule oselected.. Now this state of afilirs can only ber rebiedied by suffering, and this thie people ar'e enduring, at tihe present 1 moment. So in reference to rural munici. palities. If electors will chose ignorant men as their councillors and wardens they must take the conseqrences, as they are the only things that are provided by Providence to' correct their folly. Retrenchment will soon he compulsory. A time of pecuniary trial is at hand, and it will only be by a wise reduc. tion of the' geno ml expondituiro that a serious crash can be avoided. Mr. James Ralfe is opposed to the SALE OF LAND in future, and. would only lease it. From this source he thinks he could obtain sufficient revenue to dispense with Customs duties. We fear he advocates a fallacy, and that his scheme would be utter failure. If the land still in'the hands of the Crown can- not be sold, it is not at all probable it could be leased. If emigrants, who are all offered free grants in other colonies, could not obtain freeholds here they are not likely to come here. We don't think the Mosaic land law, like other of his institutions, was ever in- tended as a rule for the guidaice of the Gentiles. We know there is a natural desire to possess land, which men may improve and cultivate, and expend their means on. They will not do this as a rule on leased land, and we only need to look at Ireland to see what leasehold may become in the course of time. ' The recent.conduct of ~ofrst'. KnerP'.N .Isse, 'two "'of' tlhe"~ rilway ,Com missionoes, has, been the ,theme,. of uany tongues, oand, right or wrong, the mnpression is general that their refusal to sign tie cheques for work done by the con-. tractorn,.and certified .by the Conipany's ungineers, was factions mlid obstructive. Ono insiouatod that. " palm oil" was required to raRke ..the o Commission. work rsmoothly; enother that it was their interest to protnaot thowork for tlio sarke of corotinire'd salary Sanother thmt it was 'a bald nr'nifestation of power to magnify thie self.conscquenco of the tnwo r omminsiouers another that it was ideslgnedto cause tie Government to buy uip tire stock and take thire aflkir into its own ruands, when their ollico would be permauent. Sorme trhought they wished to get rid of tIhe Eingiueors, and got an incompetent mran who would do juot as trhey told him.. It is tihe genoeril. opniuion that if threy obtainred: the returns thiry called for, and which thie con tract was franmed to avoid, because hilso and de'alsive, they wduld tihern be as wise as threy weres before. Moreover, persons ask what 'bre. Kemp is pIaid a lhigh salary for but, if he tlhoughlt it necessary, to take out the quan ties for himself ? If hre is not able to do this he ais thie wrong man in thie wrong place. If the British Government lrad such confidence in Mr. Doyne as to decline to sendl a second Engineer to check hris work at Ceylon, surely the Government of Tasmania migrt trust not only his ability ibut his integrity in our small 5iattor, .The information he has fuirnished monthly is ample and reliable, and has enabled the other Commissioner, Mr. Bartley, to'sign the cheques without the ghost of a scruple: We have yet to learn that Messrs. Kemp and Innes are more upright and con scientious than that gentleman. Already they have inflicted a sorlous loss upon the Company for Interest; and believing from the outset that the Commission was a useless and costly inoumbrance, it is surprising 'that such a power should be placed in the hands of suci men who might wreck the whole icon corn, udrl slread, disaster far and wide, ruin 'ing: individuals, and destroying the credit of the colony. We' think we may say vltlh tolerable safety that neither Mr. Kemp nor 3Mr. 'Innes is likely to` formi' member of another Commission in this island. "Don't start beforo you are ready" is the modern way of enforcing a very old and whole some precept,' and legislators no leoss than builders'of towers, before committing them. selves to groat undertakings, would do well to consider the cost. A good deal of nonsense has recontly boon spoken and wiitten on the duty of Parliament deciding first of all that a MASIN mINI OF RAILWAY shall be constructed and passing a loans bill for the purpoqe, then proceeding to enquire whether the project is practicable, and if the colony can afford It I It seems that there is still some doubt as to the precise route the North-Eastern Rail. way of Victoria shall take, and the "Argus counsels decision on this point before the work is commenced.,. "Tie history of the existing Government railways' affords stifll. dcent evidernce of the necessity of planning out the new. line in the beginning, so as to save the Government from tihe unpleasant riess of being subsequently urged to alter the plan in the interest of particular locali ties, and the piublic from the loss that would accrue from improper compliance with demands of. this ,nature. Tmoe ' Kynston deviation' was .the. subject of. many tedious discussions in Parliament, and formed an ex. cuso for almost innumerable deputations, thus causing a great waste of valuable time and a considerable expondituro of 'money. At Castlomaino, too, an alteration from the original design of the railway was conceded to ' representations,' at considerable expense to the country. But it was at Ballarat that the worst case occurred-the case which showied most selfishness on the 'part of the local bodies; and most weakness on the part ofthe Government. . The original plan was to make the terminus of the line at Ballarat East, and an excellent site was found for it, within- four or five minutes' drive of the business contre of Ballarat West. But the latter insisted upon having the terminus within its own bounds, and the point was yielded.. An immense earthwork was con structed to carry the line over an intervening valley, and about a quarter of a mile of rail. way was made at a cost of nearly £200,000, to gratify the ambition ofa borough council. But this was not all. Blllarit' East then assorted itself, aind to propitiatd its,favour, an expensive station was erected on the site originally intended for. the terminus, which involved the lowering of the levels for' some miles back in order to 'obtain a' practicable gradient. An iummense sum of money, was wasted i n this way, and so iuch 'trouble caused, tliat all' who recollect the construoe' tion of the present lines must have a wholo soeine fear of any further 'deviation', discus sions.. VWe therefore hope that before the construction' bill now before the Assembly is permitted to pass, overything will' have been so settled'that no questions of route, or of the locality of stations, will' afterwards rise." Unfortnnately of .late one of the prime canons of' the TRAnn IN WIIEAT AND- FLOUR has been discarded. Formerly these articles never changed 'hands 'except for cash.., If men wish' 'to'speculate inthoeni they shobuld find the moniiy, and that condition' was a salutary restriction. which., kept things tole rably sound. We know. the answer to this= we could not do:an extensive business unless credit were given', The simple reply is,' you must not do an extensive business which is certain to result inruinous disaster.' Agaii,, we fear another important canon of the trade hlis boon neglected... The safe rule is always to sell when a profit is offered, even if you purchase again at the sanme figure..- We know ofa case in this town long- ago in whlich the partners cleared nineteen 'thousand pounds in one year bythelir 'heat trinsactions. 'But they 'operated in thi sway: indiciateddand on a rising market, when wheat attained the re spdectable quotation of twenty-five . shillings a bihiel.. time man who holds. the staff of'life for a high price invariably comes. to grief, 'if ancient soripture and modein experience are to 'be credited. "'Nor can an individual be pointed outl 'l:mho has' ouxportol , vhecat and flour' on cdnseguminent, that hasot suffered sove'rely or been absolutely ruined.-.. The articles are bulky, the expenses Heavy, the fluctuations great, the agents not over;hloneut, so that it is the miost 'procarious trade which can hbe ngaged 'iii. "'The only safe counise is to meet demands by sales at moderate prices for cash. 'Associated witli sales on credit, a system of '",financing'' has sprung up which is certain to end in hopeless disecomfitre. A. buys of B ten thousand bushels of wheat A gives his acceptance in' exchange for B's do livery note. . A does not 'wanut to speculate in wheat,, Ihe merely wishes to "'i?ise. tl? wilid" to meeot other illegitimate engagemennts falling due, arid pawns the delivery note to O, who for a commission, and it may be a higher mate of interest than' that current, gives his acceptance which is undoubted. In the meantime a portion of the wheat is re sold to a bona lid purclhaser who gives his acceptance for the amount. Now lhere is a parcel of wheait, a great lart of it in tihe clou!da, represented by throe sets of bills, and all discounted. Wlhat but rein can be tihe issue This game is noet new. It was played out ic Launceston about thirty yearsn nago. A publiln.,vwho ought to have bought a sin gle hogahend of' porter and paid for it on de livery, purmased a whole shipment of fifty hdjgsheads. , He gave his acceptance for the lot, and tlhat was discounted. He thtn sold the porter in lots of teu,and took acceptsnces, which wore discounited. The men buying ten sold in lots of five and two, receiving ac ceptances, whichl were also discounted. Thrluee timces thIe value of the fifty hlogshelads of porter wero under discount, and it is not suilprlsing if. for a time' overything /looked as fair and flourishing and money plentiful. r, But a day of rookoning came, and those who a recollect the time referred to.will remember i. also how fearful was the crash. The Supreme Court of Noew South Wales na ls made a sad mistake in fining the' . a11., 1 Jferald one hundred pounds for publishing Sa letter and leading artlolo on the atroc?ous t slave trade cairied on among the South Sea SIslands. Prudery is contemptible in a private person, but legal prudery by thre iBonch is peculiarly offensive, Dr. Steel re I ceived a letter from the islands detailing facts i concerning the'inlhuman traffic for the infeor r inatlon of the public. Ho very properly. f sent It to theo.Ierald for publication; and instead of incurring censure, deserved praise. After the jury had found RIovell guiltylof murder, an article appeared commenting on the case, and' this is construed into a con. tempt of Court I Sir James Martin, on"thlr part of the leirald, produced afllidavits, that Dr. Stool's letter and inolostire wore' pub lished withotit the slightest intention to interfere with the course of justice, but because it was from a known and valuedd correspondent, and that the articlo appeared after tio case had been disposed of. An apology was, however, offered, and regreot expressed in the most humble terms. But that was not suflicient,' and in addition to expenses the fine of £100 was inflicted. Chief' Justice Stephen admitted that Dr. Steel did not know that HIovell was coin. mitted and awaiting his trial, and that writ ing on the case of a man who was under prosecution in a neighboring colony was no contempt of the Supreme Court of Now South WVales. The intemperate speech of I1i. Justice Hargrave was a disgracoto the Benclh, and could only tend to degrade an institution that' should manifest no passion, and preserve its purity unsullied. Under theo' flimsy pre text that suitors should be protected, and attempts to interfere with the administration of justice punished, heo assented to a wrong on those who had never offended. Oflicials who 'are both judge atd jury should be carefuil how they exert their power. Buit the verdiot.of the murlder had been given by the jury: and does thq Judge mean to say that. anything that could be written would influence his decisiomi . Ho reminds us of the man notat all inclined for a row, but who, to cover his cowardice, called out to his friends," Hold mn1or I'll fight." Mr. Justice Farcett did not consider Hovell lad a locus standi, althouglh a person so situated was under the protection of the Court so long as life lasted. He, 'howover, thought that in both cases a contempt of Court had been committed. It is too often the case that there' is na morbid sympathy for offenders while the sufflirings of the innocent are for gotten or ignored. It was important in the cause of humanity that the kidnapping andt ouslaving of natives should be stopped as soon as possible by the oxposuro of the nefarious nacts of the guilty. There was no intention to influence. the Court or jury, linut thero was a disposition to make known a foul offence.that it might bo suppressed. Tihe Clief Justice delivered the order of the Court that Messrs. Fairfax should pay the costs, and a fine of £100, delicatelyladding"not so much for the purpose of punislhing these gentlemen as by way of warning to tire proprietors and publishers of other newspapers." . This is coin minted in the ancient Inquisition; while the frame was tortured the subject was told in the softest accents it was for the benefit of others that the thuinbsorows were turned. They were not punished.: they were only vicarious sufferers I- . We are not surprised that public feeling should be freely expressed on tihe spot, and that' the Court should be glad to dismiss Dr. Steel without any fine. 11 ore, at a distanco and impartial spectators, we read'the inlliction of a fine of £100 on a paper whose statding rule it is never to dis. cuss matters sub judice with indignation. It is enough to alarm the people as to the security of their personal liberty when a bench can indulge in such a tyrannical not. The public of Sydney should see to it that tho'Supreine Court of Now South Wales does not degenerate into a Star Chamber. However insensiblo we may be to our folly, strangers are'quick, to detect, and laugh at our ABSURD .EXTItAVAOANCE. A gentleman' from China, a member of the Church of England, has expressed himself freely con cerning the madness of voting a hundred thousand pounds to perpetuate State Aid instead of abolishing it. lie looks upon tihe public as possessing .less understanding than mere cbildren, But what can be expected when electors prefer candidates who having madon a mess of their private aflfairs are chosen to managb the concerns of the public If it -man allows his own private matters to get into confusion surely that is no recommenda tion why, he should be entrusted with the intesrets"of a community, But this is the case insTl?umania. And what outcome but ruin have the colonists to expect from such anninatitution ' If the electors instead of seeking out the prudent, the' sober, and thire' woll.to.do,:as 'representatives, will select' the first, the voluble, the needy, the reckless, the unpriirciplod, and extravagant, they .must suffer from the solf- imposed infliction. Thire local Parliament practically is a costly farce; and'the number of members required more than can be fi'irnished. Seats as a matter of course go begging, and are 'at last filled with persons utterly ignorant of the theory' or Ipractice of polities. All tliat thire more sensi Ible can do in thire mneantimo is to hlusband their resoutrces and prepare for a speedry flight when thire combined ignorance and 'wvickcdniess of our rulers shall render residence no longer tolerabld., STATs Atn to religion aIs been commuted withra vengeance, and tire Minister by whom it wasnegotiated wvilllive loug in tIle memory, if not in thie allffetiols, of a plundered people.' The 'l~'asmanian Times reomarks'- " Ti'eb paynhents to ministers undr thire D])istrlbutioi Act, together with tire addlitional payments under the section just quoted,amount together now to about £12,000 a year; to which must be added £~6000 a year for interest on the commutation debentures. State Aid will, therefore, in all probability cost thire colony rrabout £18,000 for probably the next fifteen or twenty years. ' Supposing all' payments tb tle sclrhduled clergy -to cease absolutely, say twenty years hence, or in 18809, td £000 a year to rbe therriftor paid for eleven years,' I or untili1000, the colony will have paid in the next thirty-one years for minanstei'r stipends and State Aid to the Churches, a snim ecqual to about £300,000, and in the year 1000 the colony will be liable to pay over to the scheduled Churches in cash £100,000; or, by a reissue of debontures to a like' amount, incur a further annual liability! of £0000 a year for perhaps thirty years,1 or £180,000 more, with the capital sutl? of £100,000 still to be paid in 1030. ,No one will pretend to say, after this, that Tau 'mania has not scrupulously and.generoduly ,kept fitth with the clergy and the ohurdlies, to whom the faith of the Crown was pledged, or was thought to be pledged, by any act, of the Imperial Government, or by colonial legis lation prior to the passing of the Constitutional Our readers, whatever may beo their opiolbn, must he pleased with the business-like report of Messas. DOYNB,.MAlJOR, and W\ILLtecT on the :Mdland line published in this issue. Hav ing nscortained the-approximate coat,. it will now devolve upon the promoters to obtain the'ansont of.three-fourths of the owners of -l?ndli.and houses in the several districts through which tlo railway may peas to be come rusponsiblo for that part of tihe cost ,to be guaranteed by Government. Tihe inhabi tants of the North have great reason to com plain of the parliality of the Government. While thb. Launceston and Western line hlad to oncounter thule fiercest and most frivolous opposition as it it were an injury and not a bonofit to the colony, a handful of nten in the South have hitherto had it all their own.way in resp:ot to the Midlannd line. In the North tho promoters had to provide a Parliamentary survey, collect statistics of traffic, and expend large sums before they would be even listened to. Not only does thu Government pay for a Parliamontaryaurvey of the Midland line, but it employs' an, offlcer to. collect information: concerning the tratffi, and prints the papers of the Hobart Town association at the public expense.. This Isa very unjust, and half the colony feel it to be so. From allwe can learn the iMidlanders aro cilmost to a moan agaicist the railway. They believe that their properties could not pay sixty thousand pounds a year for a railway which . will not earn its own working expenses., Messrs. Doyno and Co. have administered .?4 merited rebuke to, the ignorance of thatspbrt young man at Hobart Town, who has been talking and writing about that which heoknowanothling of except the name. When our population- is tenfold what it is-when our 'cultivation is carried out on scientiio principles-when our produce bas multiplied twonty.fold, and traffic increased to the same extent, it will be time to talk of a railway between Hobart Town and Launceston, and not till then. Wo greatly fear the Launceston and Western line will not pay : the Mersey line must be a faiilure, and if the railway to Doloraine will not be repro ductive, no other possible line in the island can pay. Railwayes are the cheapest roadsyet discovered wherever the tratlic is suffioient, and we'are -advocates for railways, wherevor they would be roa.unerative ; but weo cannot recommend their construction, in oases whore tboe:traffic would not equal the working oex peonses, and whose creation would be a source of perennial loss to' the: country-involving tho embarrassment of every landed proprietor, and injury to all the permanent sectionslof society. 