[?] ' q ^ft^ralong series of revei^esvVthe^vaTi (tharities in New Zealand have' succeeded lin atricking a blow which, must have a very (sarUtary effect in convincing rthe Hauhaus jih^1 th'eir ? chance of success' a'gainst; the [white ' people is very small. . , TJhere , is ,n,o ^oijbt^that the New Zealand ? Goyerri inent /iand the unfortunate choice- b'f .their military leaders have created a spirit of. hostility in the Maori chiefs that' would- never have existed had the troops been efficiently officered and had they been able iti the commencement to strike an efficient, blow against the Hau Ijaus., The success of the last attack upon m Ti Kootiwill have revived the drooping spirits of tli e; colonists, and if this attack is vigorously followed tip- we may hope that the, native forces will b.e so disorganised that it will be a matter of inrposibility for this mighty chief to gather his warriors to gether in sufficient forces to endanger the settlers. The late encounter between the two forces was altogether xinexpected as ..the colonial troops came unawares upon Ti Kooti's Pa;, but by a well directed movement the Hauhaus were not only at tacked in front but their retreat was cut away and a large number of them were killed, the chief himself not escaping with out receiving a serious wound. There is only one chance for the natives and that is to confine their warfare to the scrub , 4%here nature affords them that shelter & which they are deprived of in the open ' field. If the previous successes of these Hauhaus induce them to change their tac tics the war will soon be put an end to, but i if thev confine themselves to the natural ambuscades with which their country abounds, it will be a serious and tedious as. well as expensive campaign that will bring tliem to subjection. At the present time tlie religious ideas that are spreading amongst them mainly tend to show the coldnists in the light of aggressors and to teach that the time has arrived when it is necessary to prevent any further en croachment into the Maori territory on the part of their white neighbours. Froni ?other savage nations we are taught that it is only a matter of time when the colo nist-will be the sirpreine master of New Zealand. And the very course adopted by Ti Ivboti and his followers will bring this. abo,ut much sooner than if he as sumed an attitude of friendship towards the white population; with which he is sur rounded. %. The; Hunter River District is certainly a very, favored, spot, for it 'receives more ministerial visits than any other district in the colony.; The visits of Miy Parkes and of Mr. Byrnes, while they occupied seats in the ministry of Mr. Martin, were of fre quent occurrence, for' there .were Public schools to be opened, or railway and other ?works to be inspected. - On Monday, the Hon. the ? Premiei', and the Minister for Works, paid a* flying visit to this favored district, and although the time was limited tlu.' local journals inform us that a consider able' amount of business was gone, through'. On Tuesday the programme commenced with a grand breakfast at Maitlahd, at which the Mayor, and, other celebrities were present! The' new! bridge, over the Hunter, was visited, after, which the party proceeded to. Wallis Creek, where the Premier' laid tlie,foundatipn: stone of the Floodgates, *\vnich are intended to prevent j tlio*e iaundations ' to which that part of the dbtiictuis, subject, ' When this business was over, the ministers were entertained at a luucheon?' at which some two hundred J pmoaiHvbre present, and where the j usual ;\mouut of speechifying took place. ?|At tlie cloae ^p^ ,thisy ,th!e i first part of the programine, the party at once- preceded! «*o.-» Rutherford, wh(e^; !^atiiig,; : drink ing A^d-tB\kbxgl1iktt''i^0':M; be -: gone: 'thrbugh. ' In the evening thV. Maitland iHo^pital^was visited, jand the days work was closed by a grand dinner'^ which; was 'attended by all the influentiar citizens of 'that town. It must require considerable gierve ? anil gastronomic .- power for * any minister to face such a programme in one day, and it must have *been considerable relief to Mr. Robertson and 'his colleague when they found themselves on board the steamer for Sydney. The system of ministerial vists having been .established by the Martin administration, it will in all probability be followed ; by: succeeding ministries. However while districts of easy atfcess to Sydney will often see the countenances of their rulers, others in the far interior will be deprived of this plea sure, and in all probability this state of things will lead to a system of favouritism which* should find no favour at the hands of those who administer to affairs of the entire colony. A few days ago, Mr. Parkes asked a question of the Colonial Secretary with reference to the report brought up by the Braid wood Commission. It was, whether the Premier had allowed any of the evi dence to be copied and given to Mr. Hassal, who had been removed from the magistracy on account of the evidence brought before this commission. The an swer was very simple and straightforward, and for these very reasons Mr. Parkes moved the adjournment of the House and began a long and violent speech against the Ministry for what he was pleased to characterise as a breach of faith. Our readers w 11 remember that about the time when the Clarkes were most troublesome, Mr. Parkes instituted a secret police, and appointed a commission who proceeded to Braidwood to investigate the state of that district. The evidence was not taken under oath, and the witnesses felt reluctant to appear before the commission, and it was only when the pledge to keep the evidence secret was given, that they con sented to answer the questions put to them. After several days investigation this Star Chamber Commission retoirned to Sydney, and submitted the result of their labours to the then Colonial Secretary, and the only action which appears to have been taken by the Government was the issuing of a supersedeas against Mr. Hassal, who had for very many years occupied a' seat upon the bench. In the discussion which, followed, Mr, Parkes blamed tlie present Ministry for having broken a pledge given by a former Government, forgetting at the time that he had supplied Mr. Josephson with the; evidence given by Mr. Hassall. It appears that Mr. Hassall, who was re moved from the Magistracy, without having the opportunity of answering the 'charges brought against him, or even of knowing what these were, is very naturally anxious to clear his character from the stain which now rests upon it, and having learnt that Mr. R,odd, the member for the Southern Gold-fields, has in his evidence before this1 committee made charges against him, he has commenced legal proceedings, to obtain ; heavy- damages from the lion, gentleman. Mr. Robertson, when re quested to furnish extracts from Mr. Rodd's evidence, acted perfectly right, for he would never refuse the opportunity to any mem ber of the community who felt aggrieved to appear before a Court of Justice, and there to seek a vindication of his character. The debate was full of bitterness ; Miv Robertson was accused of attempting to: injure Mr. Rodd, who was a political op-' ponent of his, while Mr. Parkes was taxed with ha^ng punished Mr. Hassal, because he had refused ' t6 preside 4* a banquet giyen in, his'-li'onoiv Putting aside these mutual recriminations, $he question arises whether any Government is tb be allowed to } establish secret tribunals where the evidence is not obtained'.undeij thet§olemnr ity of an oath, and where the private as well as ^public characters of individuals can be slandered without any opportunity of defence being offered. Mr. ; Robertson's reply that such a system was too un English to obtain any footing in any British community, was in keeping with his impartial character, and the giving up of a certain amount of evidence to Mr. Hassall,} who wished to vindicate his cha racter, was only what might be expected from the Hon. Premier. Mr. Mi'Leay's select committee upon the alleged Fenian conspiracy has well nigh, finished its labours. The whole of the1 witnesses have been examined and it only remains for its members to agree upon a report in order that the whole proceedings may be laid upon the table of the Assem bly. Mr. Martin the late AttorneyGene ral, and the author of the inglorious Trea-; son Felony Bill, was summoned to give evidence, and three times he refused to appear before the committee. This conduct on the part of the honorable gentleman was brought before the Assembly by Mr. M'Leay, and far from offering some apology for his conduct ;he gloried in his contumacy and said that if he had received three hundred summonses he would have treated them in the same manner. This refusal on the part of 'a member^ of the I-Iouse to appear before a committee ap^ pointed with the sanction; of tlie ? whole Assembly to take evidence upon, a certain matter, is very much like setting the autho rity of the House at defiance. Those who have known Mr. Martin for many years will remember several occasions when that gentleman? spoke in glowing terms of the authority aiid rightful powers.' of the Assembly, and his present refusal to at tend to its summons . indicate that there is something in this investigation that proves mighty unpleasant to him. Most persons will attribute Mr. Martin's refusal to un dergo an examination, to his connexion with the whole of the unpleasant affair, referring to the charge of tlie existence of a Fenian-Conspiracy. Some have gone so far as to state that liis evidence would be so opposed to that of Mr. Parkes, that the r#ult. would have been that either one or the other would be looked upon as having raised'' this -cry of treason and Fenianism without sufficient reason, and for no other purpose than to gain political capital at the expence of a large section of the commu nity. How they succeeded is' now, well known, they have been hurled from the positions which they occupied, with very little chance of ever returning to them, and among the electors but one opinion exists, and that is adverse to them. ' In a court of justice* when a witness is asked a ques tion. and declines to answer, the inference is tllajt -it would militate against his char acter; in the same manner Sir. Martin's re fusal 'to appear before the select committee, implies that he might be required to answer questions that would involve his own character and that of his late, colleague. The Assembly has taken no action on Mr. Martin's conduct, and the question arises whether it has power to compel witnesses to give evidence. Courts of Justice have this power in them, but whether one branch of the : Parliament possesses the same we know not. The act of Mr. Martin would al most indicate that there was no authority that could compel him to give evidence in j such a case. On the same principle per- j sons not members of the Assembly will I j . jeitner appear, or not before; select commits I }tee as it may'pie,ase. them seeing that thw 1 ; have a precedent in the conduct of tlte \ late Attorney-General. ; :.. ;,...,. .; ?-?--;.., ;$::?.} . .? i-, .si:-.-,.'-. -;.- ; ???'??[ i . ? --;???? ? ? ??;.. . . -:(.v; ::.?;; ?? ^:'-.;' 'v'Vr/^ ' ''i:':j- , .; , .The .great national holiday,' the Annive^ ; ;sary of the colony- was celebrated 64 ^Tuesday with all the ^uaribyal'dembri stratioris; It1 is : vnoVV 'jeig&ty;'-bne yeat? 'since the first flekt 'anchored in Port Jackf son, and, although in point of time the colony is still ..young, yet, in ;point of pro gress it has far exceeded. its years. Iff Governor Phillip, or any other ; of , his foi£ lowers, could have looked, into the future! they could scarcely !have/ realised,. the fact; . that in less than a century, the 'few hutft inhabited by the outcasts of, society would have grown, into a country possessing alii' ?the wealth, comforts, and appliances of thj£ older countries 'of . Europe. There is ncj' jexample in history in which a country adV vanced with such rapid strides as have; .done the Australian colonies. Even Ame»; rica, with its boundless territory aricp proximity to the crowded centres of Eu ropean population, cannot boast as we can. It is no wonder, then, that the Att^o niversary of the foundation .of the colony' is observed as a general holiday, for, not-1 , withstanding that of late thei*e have been ! many drawbacks to our prosperity, stilly \ this colony affords more chances iof advance* -r ment than are to be found in other places,- L On Tuesday the weather was delightful, : and, as a matter of course, the whole city ;: turned out, and every pleasure-ground wa§ ? well patronised. The regatta was' the ;' sport most favoured, and thousands lined d - the shores of the harbour, watching the , niany races that comprised the programme, ,,- There is scarcely a holiday without a re- ?? gatta, and, certainly, there is no more ' favoured city than Sydney for such sport, [ hence for very many years past the anniver sary of the foundation of the colony hag been celebrated by an annual regatta, in. which the best pullers and the best boats meet together. Fortunately the day? passed over without any serious accident,/ -,i although four youths narrowly escaped' i! drowning through their boats being run ' down. In entering upon another year of our colonial life, we cannot look back upon ''- that which is just passed without some re- - gret, for the drought has inflicted great v lo^s upon the pastoral interests, but let us .'; look to the bright side, and hope that when we celebrate the: next anniversary, — we shall find every industry in a flourish.- ',''. ing condition. ;A letter appeared a few days ago in -; one of the daily papers denouncing one of i the little tricks of Mr.. Parkes and Co. in ? the administration of the Public School ':' Act, to assure the superiority of the a Public Schools over the few Denomina- :; tional establishments he has not yet been l able to close. On the Public Schools ' .- money is lavished to provide them with ' teachers' in number and degree of training i adequate to their want.; the schoolroom is furnished as completely as the State can ;t afford; a. house -is. provided for the teacher, r and all is done to attract and keep the best there. Denominational schools can not, of course, compete, with the State, and. even the Catholic Association cannot , ,-i afford to meet even all the rc» quirements of the various bdtai^ lishments it has taken under its pro* ,' tection.' Mr. Parkes to defend his half ' abortive attempt against Christianity in. thisi colony, and Mr. J. Stewart, his worthy lieutenant, may speak of this 1 material inferiority as proving in his favor, _'.\ . but like the Kiama Ghost or the savings ? *; of laist year, it ends all in moonshine, andt v ' shows nothing but his partiality. 