.OUR LOCAL COURTS. " ,.K, (From tho Watlarop Times.) ' Thd signs of tho time porfconod a speedy dnd radical ohange in the. Local Courts of . -tli# colony., Whatever may bo tho decision ' arrived at by the judges Tft- the adjourned caso of Carey versus jjuttjvOrland, tlio -system on which tho Local Courts aro founded, tlio Act which lends to them their authority, and the potty judges who in '-equity ana good conscience" pronounce decisions utterly opposed to tho spirit of tho common law of England, alike sustained a withering death dealing blaw in the remarks of both tho bar nndthobeiich, to which, being without de fence," thoy must necessarily succumb. Mr. Justico Gwynne has evidently not " yot got over Ins astonishment at finding that'Her Majosty was advised to give her sanction to tne JLccal Courts' Act. In a foronsic ioke His Honor thought ,that the Courts- should >bQ.ultra vires. Clearly in lus opinion the ordained course of prp cofluro.has been rather the phantasy of a i disordered brain than tho work of a trained Jawyer, And whether a prisoner on a criminal ch'argo should be summarily dealt with ; wliother ho might demand to bo trie! in the Supremo Court by a jury; or whether ho might either elect or do lt mand to be tried by both, neither the P'two judges',' tlio Attornoy.General, nor Messrs'. Ingleby and Boucaut were able to say. All that seeded to bo cortain was, that in somo manner litilo short of tho miraculous, by those twin ambiguities . " fcquity and Rood oonscionco" deliverance for the persecuted should bo wrought, and justice . meted out to the wicked. For tho grand principle of that unwritten law dating its precedents back to the ages of hoar antiqmty-no man shall bo de-* prived of his liberty, but after a trial by ? liis peer a--bo ho lord or Common, a mea sure of colonial equity and South Aus tralian go conscience has been substi i-tutod. ,>.Andi.tho fact that alteration is imperatively .ripeded has. travelled from ;s£h$ tepiple of Justice in Victoria Square (?ut in4to tho provinces. The ascreclited organs pf piiblie opinion in the colony are beginning to cry nloud for change. A wi'itor in the Jlrirckr Watch recently called attoiitidn in'a very able letter, to tho " partial;'unenlightened, and ineffi cient administration of justice," to "heaven-born Judges," i. e,, Special Magistrates, *' inflated by a sense_ of transcendant abilitios, extonsive acquire ments.and keenness <jf discernment con cealed fr.oin overy ono savo themselves." In the- leading columns of its last issije, tho Southern Argus s|oaks of tho Local Courts of tho colony asi" poclcct boroughs into which tho AttornopGerieral roturns Special Magistrates." \It is a matter of notoriety in 0110 district that tho Special Magistrate, who, at onatimo had a small partnership in a largo ,00111 raercial firm, was appointed to his ofliCG 011 the recom mendation of tho senior ^member of that firm, becauso I10 was found to bo too deficient in ability to bo entrusted with the management of business. There is another district in tho colony whero a large amount of litigation is saved by tho introduction of a system ropleto with injustice and wrong. Both plaintiffs and defendants earwig the Magistrate in " Chambers," and having learnt his opinion decide whother to press or defend tlieir suits. If a person threatened with an action finds that an opinion has been given adverso to his case, ho pays ruthor than throw money away by going into Court. That it is timo a system, produc tivo of such fruits, should bo terminated, most persons, friends of the colony, and boliorers of oquity and right, will admit. Any mcasuro of reform to bo thorough must commence with tho Local Courts' Act. Their Honors, tho Judges of tho Supremo Court, aro j^et cpnsidoring in what tho jurisdiction of tho Local Courts in criminal matters consists; but tho jus tice to bo obtained on the civil sido is slow, ineffectual and expensh'Q. Trades men complain, and justly, that to bring tho multitude of small debts: thoy make into, tho Courts would be simply throwing money away. Wo will tako tl\o instance jof a debt of £2. Tho tradesman has first tho pay the costs of tho infoviUation. On going into Court to prove his debt ho has to pay tho hearing foe. Should lie iget a. judgment and tho debitor, not then i pay,1 ho issues an unsatisfied1 judgment summons and moro costs ire involved. , Ho again goes into Court,5 incurs more costs and gets an order for an instal ment to bo paid por week or month. This I order is taken no notice of, and ho agnin brings liis debtor before tlio Court, ob j laining an order for imprisonment, moro costs aro incurred, than the original amount of the debt, and in the long run, he finds himself minus the amount of tho debt still owing to him, tho expensos in curred, and with tho only satisfaction of knowing that lio has wasted both his time and labor. This is supposing that the Local Court's Act has been properly administered. The writer in tho Border Watch, to whom wo formerly alluded, .very truly says "no man, destitute of oxperisnco or practiso as a barrister or an attorney, is capable of satisfactoi'ily, much loss irreproachably, discharging tho duties of Juage in any Court of law." After this ho says, "I deny tho com petency of the majority of our Stipendiary Magistrates to adjudicate fairly, in num berless cases in which provincial statutes confer upon them jurisdiction, involving tho most subtle and intricate problems and principles of our civil and criminal law." There are but, few persons who could frequently attend our Local Courts WHUOUD arriving at the conclusion that tho decisions given are often, besides being inconsistent with law, irreconeilo able with common sense. It is an open question whether the Special Magistrates, destitute as they are in the majority of instances of legal loro or training, would not do well to ignore the law altogether, and attempt to take a common sense; view of tho case. Tho little smattering of law that tthey unavoidably pick up only seems .to confuse them, thus illustra ting tho old and true proverb "a little' knowledge is a dangerous thing." In deed something of the sort would seem to have been contemplated when the Local Courts' Act was drafted and tho first bntch of Special Magi^tratps appointed. The Court was declared to bo orio of " equity and }jood conscience." Hut the question soivly tries many a suitor, whether he should rely upon the law of ?the case, which he is aware tho Magistrate is only partially enlightened respecting; or the common sense view of it. ot which there exists the strong probability the little law known by the Magistrates will render him legally blind to. The first step towards providing a remedy for this grievance, under which the people of the colony labour Would be to appoint none but professional men to sit specially on the Bench. The anomaly of a-practical lawyer arguing cases and raising points of law before Special Magistrates, who, he well knows, not having had a legal education, are utterly iinable to follow him, deserves at once to be put an end to. It necessarily entails a great hardship upon poor suitors or defendants. Should the plaintiff employ a lawyer, and the defendant. be unable to scrape up the necessary guinea or two, he must be a poor lawyer,- indeed, who could not so embar rass the defondant and ..bamboozle the unprofessional Bench with' legal subtleties «s to obtain certain ' verdict. ? If it be objected- that professional men of note vroftli require larger . salaries than the miscellaneous collection of Special Magis trates now sitting, to recompense; them for retiring from practice, the answer is ready to bd^gjven. They should have their circuits,v\fj)en fewer Magistrates would be required. " Either a London Police Magis trate or; an English County Court Judge would get through a month's civil and criminal business on the Peninsula with ease in three hours. And, even if the expense should be somewhat greater, the colony would gain incalculably, in the quashing of the numerous committals in which there is not the ghost of the chance of a conviction, being sustained, and in the certainty which would attend the adminis tration of justice in civil cases. CHINESE IN, VICTORI A-?-An instance of the case with Which our celestial colonists might, by a kittle' conspiracy, defeat the ends of justice, was furnished in the case of a Chinaman rejoicing; in the name of Ah Pack, who was charged hy a compa triot with having committed' upon him a violent assault. When the case came before the City Bench, on Wednesday, Faok Sing, the Chinese detective, who acted as interpreter, stated that the case had been settled in a friendly manner and endeavored to elict a statement to that effect from the prosecutor, who, however, was averse to give any information, arid preserved an impassivenoss of feature which led tho court to believo that ho did not under stand tho interpreter, Foolc Sing, how ever, stated that this could not bo tho case, as thoy both camo from the Canton district, and the prosecutor confirmed this statemont by unexpectedly blurting out, " Canton me !". ultimately, on Fook Sing addressing him in a very vehement manner, ho guvo out, through tho inter preter, that ho "not want put Ah Back in plisen," and tho prisoner understand ing this shot like a comet out of tho court. Fook Sing stated, for tho benefit of the bench, that tho Celes tials, when engaged in terrestial occupa tions, sold cabbagc, an:l a-dispute having arisen as to which should havo tho custom of a certain house, the prosecutoi began to use, his basket pole, whereupon Ah i-'ack snatched it from him and gave him a good thrashing witlVhis own stick. The poosecutor was then advised to call in tho aid of tho police, and during the early part of tho court's sitting a grand "yabber" had taken place, and tho affair was settled amicably. 