SONG OF THE WIFE. In Mlence, wtary and worn With books— every one bad been read— A woman Bat in a womanly pout Quite tired of needle and thread, Smoke, smoke, smoke, It was the plague or her life ; And still with a voice that coughing broke, She Bane the sone of a wife. Puff, puff, puff. My husband will smoke till he dies, And smoke, smoke, Binoke, In spite of my nose and my eyes. When first be gets out of bis bed, And before he brushes bis hair, He's sure to stick a pipe in his mouth. ' To puff away all hit care.' Smoke, smoke, smoke, Till my brain begins to swim, Smoke, smoke, smoke. Till my eyes grow heavy and dim ; Meerschaum end clay and wood, Wood and meerschaum and day, Pipes of all colour and every size Are puffing my health away. ' Oh men with sisters dear, [ Oh men with mothers and wives,' . It's not tobacco your burning out, But the very breath of our lives. For who would live such a lot, Or who wonld wish te share Tbe bed and board of a chimney-pot, And live in this tainted air t Or who wonld seek the bliss With a Bmoke-jack forever to dwell, Or the joy and delight of haviug a loss With such a tobaccoey smell ? Smoke, smoke, smoke, His smoking never flags ; And what if it did, for the smell is left So long aa weary time wags. My room Bmells like an old bar ; My clothes decent bodies must shnn, For the villainous odour of pipe and cigar Have really their very worst done. Smoke, smoke, smoke, Fiom matin till vesper chime, Smoke, unoke, smoke, When awake he smokes all the time : In spite of all I can say Oi health and sweetness pure, He smokes away till the end of the day, And at night, too, he smokes be sure. Smoke, smoke, smoke, He ruins my enrtains and clothes, Smoke, smuke, smoke, Till one wishes one hadn't a nose. When first I open my eyes, Above my glass I behold A St. Nicholas pipe, a fitting type Of the misery that I've told ; For 'tis long and grim and gaunt, 'Tis thin, and ghastly, and pale, A very ghost, and I tremble almost, And my heart begin) to quail ; For I know that while life shall hut That pipe will ever be there, And my only hope is the river or rope, To save me from utter despair. Smoke, smoke, smoke, There are pipes where'er I turn. Smoke, smoke, smoke, And each must be uted in torn. I look at my mnatle shelf, Where vases I've placed with oire, Hoping in vain some praise to gain From my friends for their beauty there j But alas I each holds cigars or a pipe, And some of them several more ; For I've counted them oft as my tears I wipe, And they number more than a score. Oh, but for one short hour No longer to see the smoke wreathe ; Ho precious leisure to gather the rose, But only time te breathe ; To breathe as I used to breathe In my chamber up aloft, Before I knew a husband that smoked, No matter how much I scoffed, In silence, weary and worn ? A woman sat in a womanly pout Quite tired of needle and thread. Smoke, smoke, smoke, It was the plague of her life j And still with a voice that coughing broke, She Bang the song of a wife. 