SERMON ON THE CARDS. One Richard, a soldier, attending divine service with the rest of his regiment in a provincial town, instead of pulling out a Bible, like his brother-soldiers, to find the parson's text, spread a pack of cards before him. This singular behaviour did not long pass unnoticed, both by the clergyman and sergeant of the company to which he be longed. The latter, in particular, command ed him to put up the cards; and, after church, conducted him before the mayor, to whom he preferred a formal complaint of his indecent behaviour. ' Well, soldier,' said the mayor, ' what excuse have you to offer for this strange be haviour ? If you can give me any satisfac tory reason for it, 'tis well. If you cannot, assure yourself I will cause you to be severely punished.' 'May it please your honour,' replied Richard, ' I have been eight days upon the march, with a bare allowance of sixpence a day, which is hardly sufficient to maintain a man in meat and drink ; consequently he must want ability to buy a Bible or prayer- book.' On saying this, Richard drew out his pack of cards ; and presenting one of the aces to the mayor, continued as follows: -'When I see an ace, your worship, it reminds me there is but one God; and when I look upon a two or a three, they remind me of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. A four calls to my remembrance the four Evangelists, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John ; a five, the five wise virgins, who were ordered to trim their lamps. There were ten, it is true ; but your worship may remember that five were wise, and five were foolish. A six reminds me that in six days God created heaven and earth; a seven, that on the seventh day He rested from all that He had made; an eight, of the eight righteous preserved from the Deluge, as fol lows :-Noah, his wife, his three sons, and their wives. A nine, of the lepers cleansed by our Saviour. There were ten; but only one returned to offer thanks. A ten, of the Ten Commandments.' Richard then took the knave, placed it beside him, and passed, on to the queen. 'This queen reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who came from the uttermost part of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon; as her companion the king, does of the great King of Heaven." ' Well,' returned the mayor, 'you have given me a very good description of all the cards, excelt the knave.' ' I can give your worship the same satis faction on that as on any of the pack. That reminds me of our sergeant.' 'The mayor laughed at this humorous con ceit. Richard then continued as follows:— ' When I count the number of dots in a pack there are 365, which brings to my recollec tion the number of days there are in a year. When I count how many cards there are in a pack I find 52, the exact number of weeks there are in a year. When I count how many tricks are won by a pack I find 13, and so many lunar months are there in a year; so that the pack of cards is a Bible, an almanack, and prayer-book to me.' The mayor ordered the soldier to be well entertained, gave him a piece of money, and said he was the cleverest fellow he had ever heard. Admiral Lord Cornwallis quarrelled with his ship's crew, who in a round robin de clared they would not fight. Cornwallis read the letter, went on deck, turned his hands up, and thus addressed them, "So, my lads, you don't intend to fight if we meet the French ? Well, never mind, I'll take care you shall be shot at, for I will lay you near enough." They gave him three hearty cheers, and in the subseqent battle no ship could have behaved better. An ancient impertinent rhyme, divides female beauty into four orders, as follows:— Long and lazy, little and loud, Fair and foolish, dark and proud. Arrant scandal ! the following is the true reading :— Tall and splendid, little and neat, Fair and pleasant, dark and sweet. Or, the exact translation:— High and beauteous, little and witty, Fair and lovely, dark and pretty, 