? A.J.O. RANDWICK SPRING MEETING. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) SYDNEY, Sept. 4. Saturday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, 4th, 9th, 10th, and 11th September. Patron. His Excellency the Right Honour- able the Earl of Belmore. President The Hon. E. Deas Thomson, C.B., &c.; Vice president Alfred Cheeke, Esq.' Stewards. Richard Jones, Esq. ; the Hon. W. M. Arnold, M.L.A. ; Jno. de V. Lamb, Esq. : Aleck Osborne, Esq. ; Geo. Rouse, Esq. Judge. John Lackey, Esq., M.L.A. Treasurer. Buchan Thomson, Esq. StarterS. C. Burt, Esq. Clerk of the Course. W. G. Henfrey, Esq. Handicapped John Lackey, Esq, M.L.A. ; A. Thompson, Esq. ; S. C. Brown, Esq., M.L.A. First Day. September 4. The glories of the Derby day have in no way departed. Beautiful weather, a large and fashionable company, fine fields of horses, with close and exciting racing, inaugurated the opening day at Randwick, and the campaign of the season '69 and 70 has commenced under auspices the most encouraging. The drop scene fell last autumn on the meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, after a most successful year's racing. The best horse Australia ever produced then made his farewell bow to the turf, leaving behind him a name that few of his kind ever gained in any part of the world and in his new sphere of action as lord of the harem at Tocal, we predict that his children's children will shed lustre on the glorious deeds of their forefathers and that the Barb will be remembered as long as there is a Ruff or a Stud Book in existence. There is an old saying that there are as good fish in the sea as over came out of it, but when shall we see the Lemon's" like again? Is there one amongst the rising generation ? Time alone can tell. But this we can safely say, that for good looks, fine condition, and performances, so far as they go, there is no falling off in the breed of the Australian horse, as the majority of the field which this day contested for that coveted honour, the blue ribbon of the turf, shows. Victoria has for years tried to wrest both the Derby and St. Leger from New South Wales, and up to the present time once only has she been successful, and that in one of the most memorable contests known in the annals of Australian racing, when Fishhook cut the Barb down like mincemeat in the autumn of 1890, after a struggle for mastery the like of which has seldom been witnessed on any race- course, and few horses would have come out scathless from so desperate a cut-throat game, far less victorious, as the great son of Fisher- man and Marchioness did on that occasion. Last year, when the sons of Ferryman, also a scion of the house which the hero of a hundred lights has founded in these colonies, made their appearance on the Flemington course, Victorians felt proud of the youngsters, and the close and exciting contests between the sons of Juliet and Gaslight gave them unbounded confidence in being able to gain fresh laurels on the green sward of Randwick. The struggle over the Champagne Stakes showed that these colts met foes worthy of their steel, for the game manner the Fog came to the rescue when his stable companion, Bar- barian, compounded to Lamplighter, was something to remember and afterwards in the Nursery Handicap, when the black son of Sir Hercules and Young Gulnare, receiving 10lb. in weight, took the bit in his mouth when the King fell, and never gave the Victorian pair a ghost of a chance. Those varying results rendered the Randwick Derby a race of great interest and speculation during the recess, and it was not for- gotten how Moselle polished off the Demon's brother at Homebush, seemingly showing a line whereby the daughter of Cossack ought to be considered one of the cracks of the season. Nor has the high reputation which was given to Detective by his clover owner previous to his intended appearance as a two-year-old been lost sight of, and the followers of the lucky stable were not loth to believe in the prowess of this chesnut son of New Warrior. These may be said to have received the greater share of public support in the betting market, and as the day drew nigh, the training-ground at Randwick saw constant crowds of anxious visitors, watching the preliminary preparation of the horses being "put through the mill." Idle Boy, also a son of New Warrior, was not only fancied for his beautiful shapes and high-bred appearance, but for the manner he used to get through his work, with that clever hack Mr. Baldwin had provided Holmes to act the schoolmaster. Agnes, too, was not friendless, as it was observed that Warrior, in spite of her lameness, had enough to do to shake her off in her gallops, and the game manner she used to struggle to best him was a convincing proof she was a sterling daughter of that game son of Sir Hercules, Yattendon, who had often proved the worth of the blood which flows in the veins of so illustrious a family. Lamplighter had most friends, however, of the lot, during the winter months, until rumours, a few weeks back, were afloat of there being a screw loose," when he fell from his high estate of first favourite, and his place was taken by Bar- barman, but his tenure of office was of short duration, as one fine morning his owner publicly declared that it was all up a tree " with his black colt, who, accordingly, took a back seat, and although he did show out for a few days taking his melancholy walks before the pen was put through his name on the 30th of last month, neither bakers nor layers cared to meddle with such a dangerous customer in so sorry a plight. There were many long faces over his downfall, as, barring accidents, his friends considered him a certainty, for a few days favouritism was in abeyance, as there was a great diversity of opinion who should be prime minister, but when the owner of Lamplighter came, uke ayouog man from the country, he very soon dispelled the illusion as to there being a screw loose, as he sent the colt along at such a pace that re- assured his friends and opened the eyes of unbelievers, and ten days or so before the race, so great was the rush to " get on " that the bookmakers had to put on the screw, and raise the rate of their discount to 2 to 1. His backers again cooled down, and during the last week he had to succumb to the Pope, who had been gradually gaining ground until he reached 3 to 1, taken, with the same price offered against the gentleman who lights the lamps. The very mild manner Detective was being sent along was a mystery for, weeks to his supporters, but owing to the confidence reposed in not only the luck, but in the good management of his stable, he maintained his position in the market, fluctuating between 4 and 5 to 1 until he also touched 3 to 1. Whisperings as to the shaky state of Charon's fetlock joints made backers say, more especially as lately his owner persistently refused all the tempting offers against him, having got on months ago. The colt went on with his work notwithstanding the rumours, and as there was no appearance of a flaw during his last gallops, he increased in favour until he reached 7 to 2. Unknown to the public, however, it was touch-and-go with the Ferryman of the Styx. Moselle did not please the cognoscenti in her gallops, and her last flutter with the Italian sent her to the rightabout, and she had to resign the premiership amongst the fillies to Agnes, who advanced to 12 to 1 ; 100 to 6 was offered against any other of the young ladies, Mr, De Mestre's pair finding now and then a few friends, especially Quiver, by Archer, from Lauristina, whose beautiful style of action was universally admired. Considering the fluctuations which the market has shown for some time back with regard to the candidate for so great an event as the Derby, it is rather: an extraordinary thing to record that four horses were within half a point of one another in the betting the evening before the day, and the ups and downs which took place with regard to the favourite must have made the Derby a good betting race for the ring. Tattersall's was thronged in the evenings, and with the exception of double and treble event betting transactions were limited, and the Calcutta sweeps were indulged in only to the same moderate extent. A good line was, however nightly drawn as to how the "wind lay" with regard to the favourites. There was little speculation on the Trial Stakes, for which Orville was the most decided favourite, am the great uncertainty that hung over Bal belle's starting for the President's Handicap which looked a moral for her, prevented many from operating until they saw who would put in an appearance at the post. The Innkeepers' Stakes and the Epsom Handicap were treated in the same way, the offer about the last race being 100 to 15 on the field. The Derby and Metropolitan absorbs nearly all the betting, with Tim Whiffler c 7 to 2, Barbelle at 0 to 1, the Earl at 8 to 1 for the favourites for the latter event. Sue was the state of affairs up to last night. We must now proceed to give an account e what took place on the day itself. By noon the 'busses and cabs took the road to Randwick freighted inside and out. The trustees were not unmindful for the safety and comfort Her Majesty's lieges, as men had been away for several days previous putting the wor parts of the temporary road into repair. . the dust was a nuisance, the effluvium from Moore-park as we passed was anything but a nosegay. However, people willingly submit as the improvements made and about being carried out will render the road to Randwick in two or three years a pleasant drive through a handsome domain planted with' Norfolk Island pines and rare shrubs,, also parapets, terraces, parterres, and artificial lakes, instead of through "hummocks" of sand covered with scrub and fern. On our arrival on the course we found a goodly company assembled. The grand stand was well filled, and the lessees of the St. Leger and Derby stands had no reason to complain of the patronage awarded them. The Vice-Regal corner was occupied by the Governor, the Earl of Belmore, and his Countess, surrounded by a large circle of the élite of Sydney, and the sprinkling of ladies, although presenting a sad comparison to the " gay and festive scene at Flemington, was larger than is usually seen at the A.J.C. meetings. Of course there were on the lower ground the three-card men, thimble-riggers, serenaders, and cigar vendors doing remarkably well," but these have so soft and again been written about and particularised, that an account of their proceedings and little peculiarities would be tedious; sufficent to say that they were there, and their bonnets were there, and that their gulls were as numerous as ever, and will be to the end of the chapter. At the Derby stand Mr. Joe Thompson held his levee, where his numerous constituents were accommodated with odds-on the different events, and the same kind offices were performed by Mr. Ground to the public under the St. Leger stand, so that the smaller fry were accommodated with the chances of little fortunes for the small investment of half-a crown and upwards. Smoking was strictly prohibited in the grand stand, which must have been a comfort to the olfactory organs of the ladies and Mr. O'Brien displayed his well-known abilities in the catering for the refreshment department underneath, where the usual posse of dark-eyed maidens, under the supervision of Mrs. O'Brien, dispensed cooling drinks of comfort to the thirsty crowd. On the lawn, the German band enlivened the] amusements, during the intervals, with some fine selections of music. Punctual to time, the ever-welcome sound of the bell announced that the proceedings of the day had commenced, and that the racing season was opened. At one o'clock, five candidates for the Trial Stakes went out to open the ball, Mr. Tait's Orville being entrusted with the greater portion of the betting money at the shortoddsof3to 2, although the Baron came just before leaving the paddock, and was backed at 2 to 1. The race was a good one, with a close finish, half a length separating the first three. Juanita made the running, when the Baron, followed by Orville, came most gamely in the end, resulting in favour of Mr. Winch's horse. Nine went out to contest the President's Handicap with Barbelle at even money against the. field.' Notwithstanding the hue and cry about the weights, the run was a very fine one, as the lot kept well together all the way, ending in a dead heat between Barbollo and Sir William. The weight told on Ragpicker, and Davis wisely pulled her off when he found he had no chance. A protest was immediately lodged against the first two horses by the owner of Rawdon. Sir William has grown into a grand horse and was very fit ; so were Blabber and Rawdon, although the latter has not grown much since last year. Of course after luncheon there was a large muster in the saddling paddock to scan the Derby candidates, and the four favourites had their several partisans about them in crowds. There was no fault to find with the appearance of any of them, and as they left the paddock it was considered one of the'mostopen Derby. that had yet been run! for. THE TRIAL STAKES, Of 44 sovs. each, with 40 sovs. added. For three-year-olds and upwards, which have not won a prize exceeding BO sovs. in value up to time of entrance One mile and a quarter. Entrance, law. Mr. I Winch's b g The Baron, by Tarragon, 4 yrs, Sal. 91. (T. Brown Mr. J. M'Grade's b f Juanita, 3 yrs, (6st. 12 lb. (A. Shone) 2 Mr. J. Tait's br li Orville, aged, 9st. 8lb. Ashworth 8 Mr. J. De Clouett's b g The Gift, aged, 9st. 8lb. (F. Martineer 0 Mr. A." Thomson's ch g Hector, 3 yrs, 7st. (Right botham). Mr. J. Tait's ch m Poison (lateSweetheart),(lyra, 1st. 31 dr. Mr. R. Dines's b of Little Dick, 3 yrs, 7st dr. Mr. Lee's ch f Ladylike, 3 yrs, list. 121 dr. Mr. T. Ivory's ch I Lady Elizabeth, 3 yrs, 6st. 12 lb. dr, Betting 3 to 2 agst Orville, 2 to 1 agst the Baron, 4 to 1 agst Juanita. After one break away the flag fell, when the Baron got on his legs first, but was immediately passed by Juanita, who led to half way down the distance, followed by the Baron, Orville, and the Gift, about two lengths behind: here Orville made his endeavour, but failed, when the Baron also came out, caught the leader, and defeated her by half a length, the same distance separating Juanita and the Baron; Mr. Thompson's colt outpaced. Time, 2min. 17sec. THE PnESmBST's HANDICAP, Of 12 sovs. each, h ft. Entrance fee only if declared by 26th August, with 150 sovs. added for then four-year-olds. One mile and three furlongs. Second horse 24 sovs. from the prize. Weights on the 16th August. A winner of any handicap there- after to carry 5lbs. extra. Entrance, 3 Sovs. Mr. A. Town's br h Sir William, 7st. 111. (J. Davis) at Mr. B Lee's ch m Barbelle, 7st. 8lb (Lewis) .. t Sir. Ohaafe, ns h Rawdon, 7st. 4lb. (finn) .. 3 Mr. E De Mestre's b h Marksman, 7st. 8lb. (Atkins) 0 Mr. D. Melhado b m Coquette, 8st. 12 lb. Thompson 0 Mr. H. Fisher's br m Ragpicker, 8st. 4lb. (A. Davia) 0 Mr. A Town's br g Darkie, 8st. 4lb. (Ramsay) 0 Mr. C. Baldwiu'sch m Regalia,- 7st. 12 lb. (Holmes) 0 Mr. J. T. Ryan's of li Blabber, flat. 5lb. (carried 7st. 2lb. (Mortimer's Mr. S. Bradbury's b m At flat. forbade. Betting. Even on Barbelle, 4 to 1 agst Sir William, 5 to 1 agst Marksman. After a deal of fiddling at the post, and one false start, the lot got well off, with Rag- Picker in front. At the rocks Blabber took the lead, and led them along the back of the course. When they reached the last turn they all got together, with Ragpicker last, Barbelle had rather the best of it at the distance, when Sir William came up and collared Unfavourite opposite the stand, and the pair ran' a dead heat to the winning-post, Rawdon a length behind, third. Time, 2min. 31sec. THE AUSTRALIAN DERBY STAKES, Of 80 sovs. each, h. ft. ; 5 sovs. only for those which declared on the 9th May. For three year-olds. Colts, 8st. 10lb. ; fillies, 8st. 5lb. The second to receive 60 sovs. out of the stakes. One mile and a half. Entries closed with 44 subs. Mr. ! Hurtle Fisher's bro- Church, by Perryman Jillet (Morrison) 2 Mr. W. Forrester's ch f Moselle, by Cossack-Crucittx (Ramsay) 2 Mr. J. Lee's b c The Pop, by Sir Hercules-Vanity (Thompson). Mr. B. Do McBtre'soh Í Arokoress, by Archer-Ruby (Atkinson Mr. J. Tait's ch c Detective, by New Warrior Edith (Ashworth) 0 Mr. J. Driscoll's br J Agnes, by Yattendon. Moon- shine (Bennett). Mr. Chaafe ns b of Bay Regent, by Rioter Queen of Trumps (R. Rayney Mr. J. Lee's ch f Ladylike, by Sir Hercules Maid of the Oaks (C. Green) 0 Mr.: W. Pearson's br c Lamplighter, by Ferryman Gaslight (8. Davison Mrs. Baldwin's b c Idle Boy, by New Warrior Valetta (Holmes) 0 Mrs S H. Perry's ch o Lottery, by New Warrior Item (Bishop) 0 Betting 3 to 1 agst Fop, 3 to 1 agst Lamp- lighter, 3 to 1 agst Detective, 4 to 1 agst Charon. I Charon and Lamps got away with the lead, Ladylike next. At the back of the course the field was well together. At the St. Leger corner, Fop went up into second place. At the last turn, Lamplighter and Pop were leading, with Charon close at their heels, Moselle next. On entering the straight, Lamps, Pop, and Charon closed together, Moselle joining issue with them, and a desperate race ensued, Charon answering most gamely to Morrison's determined efforts, and winning by a head, half a length between the second and third. Time, 2min. 47sec. 