IN LIFE AND IN DEATH : A PAGE OF FAMILY HISTORY. chapter I. A long, old-fashioned, magnificent room, grow ing dim ami shadowy in the twilight ; a room lined with shelves full of hundreds of old books ; a room that seemed really to be haunted, as the white busts gleamed out spectrally through the growing darkness. Far- stretching, silent, and solitary; so large, that the one living figure in it was almost lost and swallowed up in space ; so dreary in its vasttiess that it was wonderful any living creature could endure to stay there. Four great windows, side by side, looked out 011 n terrace, where a fountain played, and cold white nymphs stood as if turned to stone while they danced. The terrace was solitary, like the room that opened on it ; only at one of the windows, leaning against the frame, aud keeping a steady watch through the glass, was a man. The light was so dim even there that his figure was but just plainly discernible ; but it could be seen that he was not old — not, perhaps, quite young, but under middle age — slender, pale, worn. His profile against the window looked almost too delicate for a uian ; aud his band was painfully thin. bu'lilenly a sott, almost stealthy, foot came along the gravel. A woman wrapped iu a large cloak, with the hood drawn over her head, came on to the terrace ; the library window swung open, and she stepped in. " It is really you, Helen, at length !" " Am I late ? I could not come sooner." " Not very late — but you come so sel.dom now. I suppose I am impatient." She let him take off her cloak, and stood quite passive while he looked at her for a moment and theu bent down and kissed her. She was in a very simple evening toilette; a little woman, but finely and fuily proportioned ; old enough and beautiful enough to have suited a much richer style of dress than the plain white she wore ; and with a kind of steady calm about her, even when she met her lover. " Close the window, please," she said in her composed musical voice ; " I want to have a long talk with you, Philip. Ho obeyed gladly. " I have scarcely seen you for a week," he answered. " You see me three time3 every day — is not that enough ?" " If you call that seeing. Are there to be no moro lessons, Helen ?" " I am afraid not. I did not make much pro gress last winter. My aunt noticed it." His face glowed. "Last winter? No. But it was not altogether my fault. How often did you miss coming ?"' "Several times, certainly. And Philip, you know n.y reason." ' Lord Daintry was here, and you were often occupied." " Other people as well as Lord Daintry were here, and I did not wish our secret to be dis covered. You would certainly have ruined your self if I had not been cautious for both." " Perhaps you are right. But Helen, it is hard to see so little of you as I do now." She was silent for a moment. She had sat down in a great carved armchair that stood near the window, and he, standing opposite to lier, leaned against the projecting side of the recess, and kept his eyes constantly on ber face. " Listen !" 'she said, looking up at him with a faint colour flickering over her calm features. "Don't you think that this constant dissimulation has lasted long enough ? Don't you think this secret keeping ought to be put an end to ?" "Do you consent, then?" he cried eagerly. " Will you risk all at last and let me speak ?" " Hush ! hush ! You misunderstand " " For three years," he went on, quickly, " we have been living a lie; better the truth with any penalties it may bring, than to go on like this !" " Yes, I am glad you think so." " My darling, I began to fear I cannot tell what. Only to night, ac I waited, I thought yon bad tired of me ; and now you will give yourself to me openly I" He knelt at her feet — he took one of her hands and covered it with kisses. " Stay," she answered. " Don't deceive your- eelf, or let me deceive you — that, at least, I have never done." Something in her voice sounded as if she were trembling, and forcing herself to stand on the defensive against an accusation. She laid her other hand over bis two with a kind of re luctant caress. The clasp of his fingers relaxed. He fell back a little, as if ho had been struck, then grasped her hand more firmly than before. " You are jesting?" he asked. He dared not assert that it was so — Helen Fortescue seldom jested ; but he asked it in agony. J" No," she answered. " You are hurting me. I am quite in earnest." He got up, turned away from ber, and went into the darkness of the room, staggering and catching at the tables and chairs as he went. She sat still by the window, with the palo light falling up. ui her golden Lair, while she considered what she should say nrxt to him. He went nil tiie length of the room, and came buck to his former place opposite her deadly pale, but ready to listen. " I have something to tell you," sho began again, " nnd you will not like to hear it. This morning I had a letter which is of importance to both of us." i She paused a moment, shook off all hesitation, and went on quickly, " Lord Daintry wishes me to marry him. He is rich, and I am tired of poverty ; he is anxious to give me a home, and I am certain soon to want one. Ought I to refuse him ?" " You have accepted him ? Your word to me is nothing, Helen Ho spoke brokenly and harshly. " Not yet. I must answer his letter to morrow." Suddenly he fell, half kneeling, before her, grasping her bands again passionately. " Yeit cannot do it ?" he cried ; " you are mine, and I will not give you up. I could not live and lose you." " Hush, pray bush, dear Philip!" she answer ed, soothing him as if he were an intractable child. " You see that I have come to consult you. I have done nothing, said nothing, yet that you need complain of." " You come to consult me ?" he repeated, bit terly. " Do you come to ask me whether I will give you up to this man who is rich, and can make you a Countess ?" " Honestly, yes." " And you said you loved me ?" " I did — I do. But you know what I am, and what our prospects, both of us, are. I don't think I could bear to live in a small house, to have everything about me poor and miserable and straitened. Release me, Philip, Let us each seek something better for ourselves than this hopeless waiting." He got up and stood facing her : while she also, startled by something in his tone, rose, and waited with her hand upon the arm o( her chair. " Helen" hesaiil, " there has beenono inequality between us always. You have, where you choose, an iron will. I am naturally week, easily persuad ed. You have made up your mind to break your word to me, nnd to marry this Earl. You will do it. But for once I am as resolute a3 you. Here, where you have over and over again promised to bo my wife, I tell you I never will release you from your promise. Go, marry whom you will — get all the good you can from your bargain : but married or single, rich or poor, living or dying, you are mine." He had rnised his hand with a threatening gesture. His words sounded like a curse. For all her steady nerves, she shuddered. " Philip ! hear reason — let me speak — " she cried. " No more. If I have been blind, it has been wilfully. Now I see. But you are bound, now and for ever, in life and in death." He broke from ber ; and rushing away through the window, past the white nymphs, was lost in stantly in theMarkness. Chapter h. The little church at Gaysborough stood within the park, and was therefore at hand, either for a wedding or a funeral. And to-day there was to be another wedding from the Hall. The morning had been fair and lovely, village children were out early gathering flowers and weaving garlands, according to their custom, to strew the bride's path ; but at ten o'clock all changed. A heavy black cloud rose up from the horizon, and passed bc-foro the sun ; a strong, fierce wind seemed to follow it, and shrieking round the church, swept the flowers from the path, and tore down the arch above the gateway. It fell with a crash upon the roof of the carriage, which that moment passed, carrying Helen Fortescue to her marriage. The startled horses plunged, and could hardly be drawn up at the el.urch door ; but the bride stepped out, calm as ever, though her face was deadly pale, and its delicate lines drawn into unnatural hardness. Her uncle, a feeble querulous old man, followed her trembling, and as they passed into the aisle the storm burst. Sheets of rain fell like a deluge, vivid flashes of lightning shone, and quick terrific peals of thunder rattled over the building. The party gathered round the altar, but there was a minute's pause while the clergy man waited for a lull in the storm before he com menced the service. The lull came — heavy, deathlike, ominous. The darkness seemed to increase, but through the silence the clergyman's voice, was heard, low and unsteady at first, but rising fuller and clearer each moment, till be came to the words, " If any man can show just cause why they may not law fully be joined together, let him now speak, or else hereafter for ever hold his peace." Then, at that instant, a peal of thunder, louder than before, shook the building ; crash after crash it came, and in the midst of it a voice cried, " There is cause. Before God I forbid this marriage." But the thunder and the voice ceased, and the speaker was invisible. The frightened guests looked at each other, and then into the dim corners and recesses of the church, but there was no one but themselves, and the old sexton cowering and trembling behind a monu ment. The bride caught at the alter-raii, but neither cried nor fainted ; the bridegroom glanced around haughtily, hilling his dismay under a show of pride. The vicar, stepping back, called aloud to the unknown to come forward, but none answered. A second and a third time he called, but in vain. Then they began to say that it must have been fancy — that the thunder bad sounded like a voice — and' that the marriage should go on. So it went on. " I require and charge you both, as you will answer at the dreadful day of judgment, when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if either of you know any impedi- ' ment why ye may not be lawfully joined to gether " A strong shudder seized the bride, and shook the cloudy folds of her veil, but she repressed it, making no sign of hesitation. Then, in the pause after that solemn adjuration, there came another mysterious response, audible through all the church ; an inarticulate sound, that was neither sigh nor groan, but more full of despair than ever was either. And still there was no one visible. It might have been some strange effect of the wind, which still swept in stormy gusts round tbe building, rattling the wiudows and whistling through crevices in the stone work. But, whatever it might be, it was not repeated. The marriage went on ; and Helen, Countess of Daintry, turned from the altar to receive the congratulations of her friends. The bridal party reached tbe Hall while the storm was still at its height. They sat down to breakfast; nnd tiie depression which had been inspired by tbe tempest, and by the interruption of the service, passed gradually away. Speeches were made and toasts drunk, and the bride looked calm and lovely. But she stayed not one unnecessary moment. Her silent will broke up' the party, and sho found herself for the lost time in lior own chamber. Her dress was changed, and alio was ready for her' journey, but at the very last sho desired to be leit alone. Then she locked the door, and listened intently for a moment. Sho took n key from' a hiding-place in tho back of her wardrobe and unlocked the only drawer which wa3 not empty. Even in that there was not much — a small packet of letters and notes, a small likeness done in water-colours, and a book of verses. She took them out, lifting them with strange tenderness, and carried them to tho hearth.- That morning she had said she was chilly, and asked for a fire — it still burned brightly. She moved the coals, making a hollow in tho hottest place, then quietly put the whole pile of things she held down into it. Then she clasped her two hands togethor, almost wringing them, and witii n long, sobbing sigh, watched the fire gradually devour them. But when she turned away and opened the door, and met her uncle coming up to fetch her, she went forward smiling to take his arm, with out a cloud on her face. Tho old man was trembling nnd infirm, and they went slowly along tho gallery till they drew near the stair case, when there were voices heard speaking loud nnd angrily below. All at onco they ceased, and Philip Conway, the man who loved her, and to whom sho had plighted her faith, dripping with rain, splashed with mud, torn, dishevelled, panting, rushed up the stairs in great strides. Face to' face with the uncle and niece he stood a moment, labouring to speak — then suddenly his figure swayed, and he fell heavily forward at their feet. One shriek burst from the new-made Countess. Her husband, standing below waiting for her corning, beard it, and came to her. Others, servants and guests, came too. Tbey lifted aside the body and let her pass. " He lias fainted," she said, in her soft steady voice ; nnd behind her they said, " He is dead !" Chapter III. Ten years since Helen Fortescue, poor and handsome, was changed into Helen, Countess of Daintry, rich and powerful. Ten years since Philip Conway was lifted, dead, out of the bride's path. In a distant county Lady Daintry shone as a star and reigned as a queen. No one had yet begun to say that the star was paling, the queen losing her inherent right or power of ruling. To her maids, however, site was no divinity. There were enough of them ; for she seldom kept one about her more than a few months, and they all went away in tbe same miud. " She has an awful temper," they said, " and seems as if sho never could be quiet for a minute. All tho money in England would not pay one to face ber, as she Jooks_sqmetimes." One other strange thing was known about ber. She had consulted — no one knew on what subject — a certain clairvoyant, or dealer in super natural mysteries, and bad, moreover, been observed to change colour when tho subject was named, and to shudder involuntarily when dis belief in it was asserted in ber presence. It was tbe Earl s pleasure as well as hers that their house in Blankshire should be a hospitable one. Tbey spent most of the year there, and tbey were never alone. No matter bow unpro mising the season, they bad always a party, and almost always it was both largo and gay. There were perpetual morning and evening amusements, a continual ebb and flow of dinner guests, and everything to make a diuner invitation worth accepting. Perhaps' this was the aspect of the case which presented itself most vividly to the masculine minds of the neighbourhood. A fine house, a pleasant host, a beautiful hostess, a faultless dinner, and wines not to be equalled in the county — every man could appreciate these ; every man accordingly prized the Couutess's invitations. One of these invitations was the subject of a little discussion one evening. It had been sent to Ralph Murchison, a young squire of the neigh bourhood, and he, going to his lettor-case to find something else, had just pulled it out and tossed it to his friend and guest Captain Conway. " It includes you," be said, " all righi. I was over there playing croquet yesterday, and took an opportunity of telling tho Countess I expected you. Before I came away she begged me to bring you with me to-morrcw, which I promised. So you are booked." " I don't believe there's a soul I know there," Conway qnswered, twisting tho note round his fingers. " More shame for you, then. There's the jolliest people in England always there, and it's the jolliest house to meet them at." " Lady Daintry can't be very young," Conway said, irreverently, after a little pause, and through a cloud of smoke. Ralph went off into a fit of laughter. " By Jove ! it is easy enough to see that you have never seen her ! Tho bare idea of talking of a womnn like that not being very young !" " Well, upon my word, I don't see the joke." " Why, man, she is scarcely a woman at all — she is a goddess 1 By Jove, there is not another woman in England to compare to her !" " Conway knocked tbe ashes off his cigar, stretched himself comfortably back in bis chair, blew a whiff or two lazily, and then answered, iu a provokingly deliberate manner between the puffs, " Her great-grandmother and my grand mother were sisters." " 13 that humbug ?" " No ; truth." " You seem to bo pretty well up in the relationship after all ?" " Well I remember that particular, relationship for a particular reason." " What was that ?" " I found various allusions to it in some papers which belonged to Philip, my elder brother." "Never knew you had a brother." "Perhaps not. lie died ten years ago when wo were at Eton." " He mu3t have been a great deal older than you." " Fourteen or fifteen years. He was my half- brother, and I scarcely ever saw him." "Did he know Lady Daintry?" "Helen Fortescue she was then. He could not very well help knowing her. for they lived in the same house." " How was that ?" " Philip was secretary to old Gaysborough of Gaysborough, who was a distant relation of ours, and who had married an aunt of your friend's. She, I suppose, was an orphan — at any rate she lived with her aunt, and married from there." " Well ?" " Well, that's all. Poor Philip died there — died suddenly of heart disease, and what few papers and so on he left went to my aunt's, where on her death I found them. There were notes and memoranda, and Miss Fortescue was some times mentioned." " I shall introduce you as a eousiu." " As you please ; but I think it would be as well not." Their talk rambled off after that to other sub jects, and never came back to the relationship between tho beautiful Countess and the young soldier until the two friends were driving to that dinner-party which they had discussed over their cigars. " Well, Charlie," Murchison then said, " will you go in for cousinship or not ?" "Not — at any rate not at present ; so please keep quiet on the subject." " As you like. Here we are." They were, nil hut late. So near it, indeed, that Conway had one momentary glimpse of Lady Daintry as sho received them before dinner was announced, llo found himself, however, at no great disti.uco from her at table, nnd | Murchisoi. smiled to himself as he saw his friend's oyes tnrn instantly towards her. "Ah," bethought, slily, he'll bo glad enough by- nnd by to claim kindred." But as dinner progressed, Conway still looked at the Countess. He said nothing to the lady beside him — ho put away the dishes that were offered him — he did nothing but stare fixedly at his hostess. Again and again his introducer glanced ncross the table at him ; with surprise and displeasure ho noticed this extraordinary behaviour, and tried to attract his attention. No efforts wero ol tho least use. " What the deuce does the fellow mean ?" Murchinson thought to himself uneasily. " Has he gone mad all at once ? or what is it ? Every body is beginning to notice him. Won't I give him a blowing up when I get hold of bim !." But as the long ceremony of dinner progressed, Ralph grew more and more uncomfortable. He saw that tbe influence of bis friend's silence and strange behaviour was making itself felt — it seemed at last even to reach the Countess. She still talked witli her usual grace to those beside her ; but she grew slightly paler, and once looked for a moment steadily at Conway. Murchison, watching anxiously, was struck by the fact that, while her eyes evidently rested for that moment on the young soldier'e face, his did not change or falter as if lie met her glance, bat rather seemed to look over or beyond her. She continued her conversation and be his gaze. _ At last, when dinner seemed to have lasted twice the ordinary time, Lady Daintry rose. The moment the ladies had passed out, and the door was shut, Conway turned to the gentleman next him, and in a voice full of horror asked, " Did you see it ?" " See what?" the other returned, and Ralph leaned across tho table to listen. " The figure that stood behind the Countess — a tall man, who mimicked everything she did." The stranger drew a little farther away ; he evidently thought his neighbour was mad ; and Ralph coming round, took the empty place. " Did you see it?" " I saw you behaving as if you wero out of your senses. What on earth did it all mean ?" " I don't know — except this. A9 we sat down to table there came a — a thing — and stood behind Lady Daintry's chair. It seemed to come with lior into the room. It stood there the whole time, now on one side — and now on tbe other. Whatever she did, it did ; and it followed her 1 away just now." He shuddered, and Murchison shuddered too. 1 Thore could be no doubt that he believed be bad 1 seen this — thing. " Bill, what was it like ?" 1 " Like the shadow of a man — if it was like 1 anything. A shadow having substance, if you 1 can underttand that." 1 " I daresay it was a shadow." " Look at tbe place whore it stood. The light is full, bright, equally diffused. No shadow could be there." " Imagination, then." " As you will, only never ask me to sit in the room with it again." Murchison paused for a moment. Ho tried to persuade himself that Conway was practising a foolish hoax that he bad had too much wine — even that this might be the first illusion of a coming fover. But none of theso theories would stand. Conway was a cool, insouciant temper, not tho least given to practical jokes ; he had not swallowed a single glass of wine ; and he had not the faintest sign of physical illness about him. What he did show were strong, unmistakable symptoms of horror, and of perfect good faith. Yet it might have been some fantastic effect of light and shade ; and if so, it would certainly not re- appear in the drawing-room. "Come," he said, "lot us go nnd join the ladies. If it was a shadow it will 3tny here." " Look here, Ralph, it is no use talking in that way. I 9ay nothing about ghosts. I only say that I have seen — and don't know why you should not have seen too — what I described to you." He shuddered. " And I suppose you don't entertain any idea of trying to lay the 3 ghost, as you call it. I doubt whether tbe Countess would thank you." " The Countess ? Do you imagine she has any consciousness of it?" " How can I tell ? All I know you know." " Very well, than, come into the drawing-room and try to find out something more." He was obstinate, hut fairly divided now be tween belief and unbelief ; and Conway was ob liged to yield. There were about a dozen ladies, young and old, in the room, when they entered. Lady Daintry was sitting on a sofa talking to a dowager in black .velvet and diamonds. They were a curious contrast — one old, wrinkled, and shrivelled, gorgeous iu black and scarlet and flashing light; the other in the very perfection of beauty, iu a rich quaint dres3 of puro white. But behind them, standing so that the Countess's golden hair seemed to touch its breast stood tbe dark shadow. Conway told Ralph by a look that it was there. Tbey separated immediately, aud Conway found himself near tbe lady he had taken into diuner. She was the only person with whom he had the slightest link of acquaintance, and she, after his neglect, was not disposed to be very gracious. He turned his back upon that sofa, and applied himself to being civil to her. 1 But it was a task beyond his powers. He felt himself drawn back irresistibly to look at the Countess. Other men have now come in, and she had left her seat ; but wherever Bhe wont the shadow followed her, moving as she moved, and keeping always so near that it seemed as if she had but to put out her hand and touch it. Seeing this, Conway soon ceased to be able to see any thing else. He found a quiet corner and pretend ed to look at some photographs, but his eyes con tinually followed the spectre. Once Murchison came to him. " Well," he said " is it there still ? " It stands in the corner, between her and the piano. There, that girl who is going to play almost touched it ! " As Ralph strained his eyes following tbe di rection of Conway, be became aware that Lady Daintry was watcbing them both. She moved abruptly from the place where she stood, and cast a rapid, almost, imperceptible, glance backward over her shoulder. He fancied ho saw her lip quiver and her colour change. Next moment, however, 9he deliberately crossed tho room, and comiug up to Conway, spoke to him. It was only some question or remark about those photographs which lie had not looked at ; but while she spoke, and he answered, a curious scrutiny was going on. His looks, instead of rest ing on her face, went past her to tho thing stand ing close behind ; iters seemed to express sus picion, distrust, uncertainty. Her words were very sweet and gracious, her voice soft and un constrained ; but Murchison said to himself, " Does 9he know of it ? 'Does sho fear anything ? Is it real after all ? " Then he became awaro tbat tho Countess bad asked a question to which Con way gave 110 answer. She stood wailing, tho ex pression of her face deepening into an indescrib able mixture of pride and terror, as he, bending a little forward, was wholly absorbed in the dis covery, as it seemed, of some now revelation. Murchison made a step forward. The Countess turned suddenly away, pale ns ashes, and Conway drew a deep breath of relief aud turned to his friend. " Ralph," said lie, " I must go.' Heaven knows why I should -he the only person to know her secret, but I can't stuy hero longer and keep it. Are you ready ? " " What was the matter just now ? " " What could possess her to come and talk to me ? I told you there seemed to ho a dark u»9t about its head. Well, while she spoke, it leaned over her shoulder, nhd the mist seemed to open. I could see its face almost distinctly." " What was it like ? " " A corpse ! The features set and pinched and white — that was all I could make out." " She suspects something. Come, wehad better go." They moved slowly towards the door, Murchi son stopping here and there to speak to an ac quaintance as be passed. But at the last moment he again turned to Conway. " Look once more," ho said ; and as he spoke ho felt himself shudder, for tho horror of the vision had begun to infect him. " Take one last deliberate look at her, and don't carry away any fancies." Conway obeyed. He glanced round the room in search of the Countess. She wa9 quite at tho further end, aud had her hand on tho handle of n door, as if going out ; but at the raomeDt when the two friends paused, looking at her, some one spoke to her, and sho turned from the door to reply. Murchison just perceived this, and then, trying in Conway's face to discover what lie saw, took alarm at the awful pallor which crept over it, and drew him quickly out into the ball. " For heaven's sake, what was it ? " For a moment Conway seemed unable to answer. His lips were white and stiff, his hands trembled, and he grasped his friend's arm to support him self. " The mist was almost gone from about it," lie said at last. " It is a corpse, long dead, decay ing, livid, phosphorescent — I don't know what to say — it glimmers — it lias shreds of a shroud hang ing about it. Oh, it is horrible ! horrible ! " He trembled convulsively. Murchison's own serves thrilled. " Come into tho dining-room a minute," be said ; " there are two or three men thore yet, and then we'll be off." Tiiey went in. It was still early, nnd the host sat patiently waiting the ending of a political argument. Three or four of tlio guests were ab sorbed in it ; they formed a little group at one end of tbe table. The rest of the room was empty. The two young men, after exchanging a word or two with the Earl, sat down apart, and Murchison asked, " You saw it more clearly then ?" ' " Yes, quite clearly. Don't ask about it now. I'll answer all your questions after." " Better do it now. It is either fancy, or else the most awful visitation that ever mortal was subj-ict to." "Fancy! I tell you it is no fancy. You saw her take her hand off tho handle of the door whoa tho girl spoke to her ? "Well, tbe — tbe thing put its horrihlo hand on the handle as if to open the door, and its other arm was round her — not close, not absolutely holding lior, hut making as if it would open tho door and draw her into the next room. But the horror was, that it loosed tho handle, and raised its arm, as I looked, and looked at me and beckoned ?" Their talk was suddenly interrupted. A shriek, ringing through the house, broke it off. Doors opened and shut in all directions, and tbe whole party, rushing into tho hall, found servants hurryiug wildly about, and the Countess's French-maid screaming and exclaiming, " My lady ! my lady I She is dying — she is dead — she is poisoned ! Malbeureuse que jo suis I" Struggling on with tho crowd, tho two friends reached the door of a small drawing-room opening j from the larger onn. In a low chair, near the fire, sat the Countess, her eyes closed, her face white and rigid. A coffee-cup had fallen from ber hand, and lay broken on the floor — a stream of the dark liquid marked her rich white dress. Beside her, on. the table, was a small case, and the room was full of a subtle deudly odour. As the bolder or more intimate visitors gathered round, following the Earl, Conway laid his hand on Murchison's shoulder. "There it is!" ho saiJ, "close beside her, bending down. It put its arras round her." The rigid figure, so still in the midst of the terrified excitement, suddenly moved. The Countess opened her eyes. She turned her bead slowly, as if looking for some one close at her side. " At last, Philip !" she said, distinctly, and died. police magistrate for , nnd that your commission will bo duly forwarded to you thoro. Your appointment will bo notiSod in tho next num ber of tho Government Gazette. (2.) Your salnry will be £ per annum, with a travelling allow ance of 25a. per diom when absent from your headquarters to hold courts elsewhere, monthly vouohcrs for such allowances to bo forwarded by you to tho Colonial Socrotary. (3.) Tho arrange ments contemplated, not less than the principle of your appointment, being now. I am desired to ox- plain thorn to you. (4.) Tho time, it i'b believod. lias arrived when, bv a smaller number of police magistrates, with onlargcd and modiGod duties, a paving to tho rovonuo may bo effected, whilo tho business of tho various Courts of Potty Sessions will bo more efficiently performed, with increased regularity, and with greater facilities for tho public conronionoo. (5.) By placing the hoadquartora of a police magistrate in a central position, with facilities for his roaching other Courts of Petty Sessions namod, and providing for his immediate communication with the resident magistracy of such courts, it is contomplatod whenever liis pre- sonoo nnd nssistanoo arc required, to prevent delay in holding a court, ho may attond nnd carry on tho business required with facility. (6.) Should two cases nriso, in which his prosonco 19 required on tho pamo day. whero courts cannot ho held by tho resident magistrates. I10 is to uso his own discre tion ns to which ho shall loavo unattended, and make tho best arrangement within his power for performing tho duty on a subsequent day, report- v ing tho samo for tho information of the Colonial Socrotnry. (7.) Having thus far explained to you as directed tho intention of tho Government, I am to stnto that vour headquarters will be at i and to request that you will re pair thither with all convonicnt despatch. Id tho Polioo Court nt that place you will lmbitaally pre side: but you will considor youself also responsible that Courts of Potty Sossions nro held regularly at the placos nam oil in tho margin. It is not intended that you should periodically visit such courts, hut that you should keep yourself in communicatinn with tho resident magistracy, and prevent, by yonv attendance when required, any public delay or inconvenionoo. (8 ) Should you ho required to perform any duties in tho charaotor of a gold commissioner under tho 12th section of the Act 23 Victoria, No. 8, no further romunoration, be yond your salary, than tho travelling nllownnce of 25s. por diem, already alluded to, will bo allowed you for such duties. (9.) I am desired to add. in conclusion, that tho Colonial Secretary wishes you to roport your arrival in your district on your reaching it; nnd that, as soon thoronfter as con venient. you will confer with tho resident magis tracy of tho several oourts referred to, and arrange days to bo recommended ns tho most convenient court days nt each, duo consideration being paid to tho opinions nnd experience of the gcntlomon with whom you are now called upon to co-oporato for tho public convenience, and to whom a copy of this communication will bo forwardod for their in formation and assistance." Tho S. M. Jlerahl writes: — Mr Smith, appointed for tho Hunter, will hnvo for his district Mnitland (East and West), Mo.rpeth, Paterson. and Singloton. 'Mr Gnrrott, appointed for tho Upper Hunter, will hive Soono, Murruruudi, Muswellbroob. Merriwn, and Onssilis, Mr Cowpor. jnn.. appointed for Bou'rkc. will hnvo Browarina, Meniodio, and Golgolgon. Sir Marsh, nppointod for Mncqanrio, will iiavo Bathurst, Oboron. and Rockley. Mr Knightloy will go to Wel lington, Dubbo, Stony Greek, nnd Belong. Oolonol Russoll. appointed for Quoanboyan, will Iiavo 1 Quoanbeynn. Braidwood, Bungendoro. and Gun- dnroo. Mr Farrand, who will go to Wentworth, will also hnvo Euston nnd Poonoari. Mr Cox, who will go tho Lachlnn, will hnvo Forhos, Condohlin, and Grcnfoll. These gentlemen will bo called upon to lonvo their hoadqunrtora only when they God that in tho other parts of their district tho unpaid magistrates will ho unnblo to hold a court on any court day. Importance is attached to this arrange ment not only on economical grounds, hut also because in somo cases it is said that great jealousy has been felt by local justices at what they thought the unnecessary appoaraneo of polico magistrates in their courts. By this chango tho polieo magis trates of Stony Creek, Oanonhar, Oorowa, nod Gronfell will bo written off. and tho duties provided for with n saving of something iiko 1 7007. a year. As a check against unnecessary expenditure it will bo soen by tho instructions that monthly state ments nro to be sent in. It is said that tho travel ling cxponses. which might perhaps bo looked on ns a set-off against the reduction in expenditure, will not be so largo ns tho nmount of tho ' allowances " Gxod at present in an eccentric manner, and which, undor the now system, will ho discontinued. Tho officers with the oxtended duties will hnve tho same salaries nB their predecessors with tho limited duties, with ono exception, that of tho Lachlnn, whero tho salary is reduced from 500/. to 150/. English and Australian Racino. — A smart discussion is boing carried on in the columns of tho Australasian on tho relative merits of Tho Harb and rnenhorses in England. Ono of tho writers, who signs his lottor "Old England." oontonds for tho superiority of the English racers, nnd gives the following comparison: — " Littlo Lecturer, not a first- class hnrso, when a four-year-old. did three miles in 5 minutes -10 seconds, carrying lOst. That was when I10 won tho Alexandra Plato. The Duko, at Goodwood, a four-year-old, carrying Ost.. won tho Goodwood Oup. doing two miles and n half in 4 minutes 39 seconds. Supposing theso horses nrq secoDd- clnss, though tho Duke's subscription at 40 guineas a mnro is full, their doings are superior to Tho Barb's. In I860, Rama, threo years, 7st„ ran two miles five furlongs in 4 minutes 43 seconds, beating Ackworth and Lord Lyon. " Ornngo Blossom " will find that this, 'gives tho two miles at the rata of 3 minutes 35 soconds. which caps The Barb. Rama was not first oIosb. I mny remark regarding the timo test, that nmongst good judges it is the only reliable one, nnd, although n portion of tho sporting Press in Englnnd ignores it. I nm glad to soo that in tho colonial roports tho timo is always given. In experienced hands tho watoh is an infalliblo guide. When I pitted Bluo Gown v. Tho Barb, I merely took up n challenge. I did not throw ono down. Quito possiblo it is that this climnte (delightfully varinblo. is it not P) may in timo produce horses faster nnd stouter than Eng land or Franco. All I say is. it has not yet done so. And as to Franco (Glndintcur excepted, who wa9 a wonder). England has beaten Franco oftonor than Franco Englnnd. Ely boat Fillo do l'Air in a cantor for tho Ascot Gold Oup, tho French filly being the favourite, aftor a dead heat with General Peel. Tho Earl won the Grand Prix last year. Has La Bello Franco a Bclladrura or aPcro Gomez this year P I think not." A Police Court " Barney." — On Friday, the Oontrnl Polico Court wns mado tho scene of ono o£ those amusing squabbles which frequently ocour between .justices and attorneys, and which to tho hystnndo s is as good as 'n play, A publican waa being prosecuted by tho polico for soiling liquora on n Sunday morning. Mr E. S. Thompson, solicitor, appeared for tho defondnnt, Tho police man (witness) was about relating a conversation botween himself nnd a third party in the absence of the nccused. Mr Thompson : I object to that question. His worship (Mr G.Hill): Why P Mr Thompson: It is not evidence. Mr Hill: Never mind, put it down, Mr Bailoy (deposition clerk). Mr Thompson : I object. I am taking a fair objection. Mr Hill : What is your objootion. Mr Thompson : I am objecting to tho witness giving Gvidonoe of a conversation between bim and another person whon tho defendant was not tbore. Mr Hill : Woll, never mind ; it b!ib11 go down and you oan go to the Supremo Court, if you like. Mr Thompson: Yes, I will; and I will put itin my affidavit that you darod mo to do it. I will not go boforo Mr Justico Hill. Mr Hill: I will have none of your insolenco, Mr Thompson. I will put you out of tho court if you don't stop. Mr Thompson : I nm not insolent. I would not insu't your worship. I hnvo tho greatost respeot for your worship.— -Emptre. 