A WICKED FRAUD. ill' is seldom pleasant to tell one's self; : but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession. I lectured in New York lately for the young gentlemen of the Clayonian Society. Daring the afternoon of that day I'was talking with one of the young men just referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from some cause or other, seemed.to have grown perfectly bereft of all emotion. And with teai-3 in his eyes this young man said, " Oh, if I could only see him laugh . once more ! oh, if I could only see him . weep ! " I was touched. I never could withstand distress. I said bring him to my lecture, I'll start him for you. "tOh, if you could but do it! all our family would bless you for evermore, for he is very dear to us. Oh, my great benefactor, can you make him laugh F-can you bring soothing tears to those parched orbs ? " I was pro foundly moved. I said, "my son, bring the old party ro :n l. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make ' liim laugh if there is any laugh in him; and if they miss fire,' I have some . others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other." Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neck, and went after bis uncle, lie placed him in full view, in the second row of benches that night, and X began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, and riddled him with good ones; I fired old jokes into him, and peppered 'liim fore-and-aft with red-hot ones. I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and on the left, in front and behind; I fumed and per spired, and charged and routed, till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious -7 but I never marked him once. I never started a, smile or a tear, never the ghost of a smile, and never a ? - suspicion of moisture. I was astounded. I closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek-with one wild burst . of humour, and hurled a joke of super natural atrocity full at him. I never pleased him. Then I sat down be iwildered and exhausted. The Presi dent of the society came up and bathed .my head with cold water, and said, What made you carry on so towards i-tholast?" I said, "I was trying to 'make that confounded old fool in ' "the ' second row laugh." And he . 'said, "Well, you wore wasting \- your time, because ho is deaf and dumb, and blind as a badger." Now, was " that any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and an orphan -like tne ? I simply ask you as a man and a brother, if that was any way for ;.* him to do.-Mark Twaii. ,How TO GET INTO AN EXCLUSIVE Cr.UH.-The Marquis do , to save his son, who wished to enter one oftho principal clubs in Paris, from being blackballed, had recourse to an inge nious ntse. He called on each member; of the elub separately, and said in an indifferent tone, "I am annoyed that ' my son should put himself forward as a candidate. He is sure to be black balled." " Why so F" invariably asked -the person accosted, moved more by .courtesy than conviction. "I know .not," replied the father, "it is a pre sentiment I have. I will bet a napo leon that he is blackballed." " I will 'bet that he is not." " Done." This :. 'little conversation having been repeated in turn to every member of the club, it is needless to add that the son of the Marquis was admitted with unanimity. . AN ENTERPRISING REPORTER.-The "enterprise of newspaper reporters at . Washington has always been famous. The following story was told lately in the " Correspondents' Club," which has been formed in that city :-At the fu neral of the late General Baker, which was held in the white House, the cor respondent of a New York journal, unable to get a ticket of admission, got down through a coal-hole, and after groping his way reached at last the East Boom, directly in the rear of the officiating clergyman. While .the - clergyman was engaged in prayer, the reporter observed a roll of paper in his hat. To seize it and fly was the work of a moment. . Wben the clergyman turned to find his sormon he found it not. Ho attempted ?to' deliver his remarks from memory bub made a wretched failure of it, much to the astonishment of the dignitaries .who ware present. <The next morning he had the satisfaction of reading his .discourse in the 11 Now York Herald." WB learn, from the last number of the AIUHIM Herald, that the ladies of that territory drink a bottle of whisky before dinner as an appetiser, and top off after the meal with whale oil. Raw fish is the favourite dish with gentle jt/ti'pn-Mim'X'W ?ifiriiiii-nrrtr-iii men... In Sitka there are more bar rooms than private houses. Copper abounds, also drunkenness. Second hand clothing sells well, as the natives are enthusiastic in their adoption of the ? new-fangled Yankee idea of wearing clothes. AN entorpvising bookseller in Paris has bought up all the first edition (15,000) of Victor Hugo's new story, L'Homme qui Bit. Messrs. Bradbury and Evans have purchased the conces sion of copyright for England, and the story is to be commenced next month in the already very popular new scries of-the Gentleman's Magazine. The general title, wo believe, will be " By Order.of the King." The first book is called- "The Sea and the Night." The story opens in England about the year 1690, and there is in it a wonderful , description of Portland in a snow storin. We are told by a gentleman who has seen the French proofs that this story .will prove to be the most powerful of 1 all Victor Hugo's writings.-Durham Chronicle, A.pril 16. NOVEL RKPOIITIXG STYM.-Professors of religion often do things with im ! pnnity which in everyday people would be shuddered at as profane. Here is a specimen of Biblical phraseology be mircd. Wo find in the Christian Guardian (Toronto) the following nar rative of a tea-meeting. As the reports of such gatherings aro sometimes said to be characterised by great sameness, , it may be well for once to introduce an | original one. " It came to pass, in the village of Bulwer, in the provinco of i Quebec, in the first mouth of the year 1869 after the birth, of Jesus Christ, that George, tho son of Simon, said unto Isaac and George, the sons of Joseph, and to James and his brethren, , ' Behold, the priests of the tribe of Wesley do labour to instruct us out of the law of the Lord on the Sabbath days, and we have nob requited them according to their deed. Go to now, let us make a feast for them ; and let us eat with them. And let us bid our brethren and their wives and their little ones of all the tribes that are here, in Bulwer, to come.' So they agreed together to make the feast; but they said one to another, who will prepare it for us? Then George, the son of Simon, answered and said, ' I will even ask the principal women round about, peradventure our wives will j help them, if they consent.' Then George, the son of Simon, spoke unto one of the women in the presenco of her husband, ' Wilt thou bake calces for the feast ? ' And she said, ' Lo, I will bake cakes that will suffice for twenty persons to eat.' Then eight of the principal women said, ' We have Sour of wheat, and butter of kine, and sugar, and sweet spices of the merchant, and dried grapes, and currants, and we will even provide enough that the house may be filled with guests.' Then the ninth day of tho second month of tho same year, they came together to the feast; and they said, ' Let us every one give to the door-keeper a piece of money for the priests, because they have no inheritance of houses or lands, that they may have garments, and gear, and flesh for themselves and for their households.' And when they had reckoned and found the sum of money, behold it was sixty shekels of silver ; and they delivered the money into the hands of the priests. And behold there were some there present of the tribe of tho Cougregationalists, and of the tribe of the Baptists ; and a priest of the tribe of the Baptists was there, for his brethren of the tribe of Wesley had said unto him, Come with us to the feast: and he came and did eat and drink with them, and spoke kindly unto them. And though there were so many that the house was filled, they did all eat and drink, and were satisfied, and left. Then William, the son of John, the chief of the Council said unto the singers, ' Sing, I pray you, some of the songs of Zion ;' then they sang and made melody. Then said he unto the priests, one by one, 4 Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the people, that which may profit them;1 and they did so.* And because the priests spake much, and the singers sang many sweet songs, they abode together until the tenth hour of the night. Then the Chief Priest lifted up his hands and blessed the people, and they departed, merry and joyful in I heart." | WORTH OP A WASTEDASKET.-Tho sale of the books sent to a well-known I literary periodical for review brings in | more than £1,000 a year. As an instance of the value of a review in the Times, an authoress agreed to receive so much for her last novel, and £100 more if reviewed in the Times. It was, and the extra £100 was cheerfully paid. NAPODEOX III. AND ins MAitsiun. It appears, if we are to believe " L i France," that the Emperor and Marshal Pelissier were once rival poets. Tho conqueror of the Malakoff had, how ever, nothing in bis demeanor or ! appearance to indicate a romantic or sentimental turn of mind. The occasion he selected for giving vent to his poetic genius was not, we must admit, one calculated to invite an. aspirant to the honours of Parnassus. The marshal, whilst ambassador in London, was sent a huge cheese from Chester, which lie forwarded to St. Cloud with the accom panying lines :-. On m'ofFro ee Chester pour vous fitre remht; J'expddie a Saint-Cloud Io fromage attondu. (I send ynu the cheese, which no doubt you've expected. . . It was sent here to me, but to you 'tia directed.) . ' To which responded the Emperor Vous Otes mai'cehal, moil tr<Ss cher Piilissier : Pourquoi vons illustrez par des vers d'<5picier? (The sort of rhyme to which a tradesman's partial Does not enhance tho glory of a marshal.) And we must confess His Majesty was right. PRO OP POSITIVE.-The following anecdote is told of tlie late J. F. Herring, the animal painter :-A dozen years ago he painted a small picture for one of our best-known dealers, and received a cheque in payment. The cheque was written on a slip of paper, " Pay Mr. J. P. Herring," and duly signed, but without the insertion of the words " bearer," or " to order." The clerk the Union Bank losked very doubt fully, first at it, and then at the person presenting it. Tho artist noticed the hesitation, and demanded what was wrong. The clerk explained. '. Don't you see it's payable to J. P. Herring ? " " I do," said the clerk. " Do you know what J. P. Herring is ? " " Rather," said tho clerk ; " I've got' Three Mem bers of the Temperance Society' at at home." Herring was delighted. Ho seized a pen, and, on a sheet of blotting-paper lying on the counter, dashed off a sketch of tlie horses' heads drinking from a trough which compose the picture. "What do you think of that ? " said he, handing it across. Tho clerk paid him at once. THE father of Baron Bunsen, a shrewd and humble-born German, sent his son out into the wide worll with this advice as to expenditure : " In clothing live up to your means, in food below your means, and in dwell ing above your means. Don't be a soldier; stand erect before a man with a title." CAN any of our readers render the assistance so courteously asked for in the following paragraph, which ap peared lately in a Bremen journal ? " A young gentleman on the point, of getting married is desirous of meeting a man of experience who will dissuade him from the step." Do YOU wish to know how to make a sensation in the world ? : It ? is to have the small-pox twice; the first time you will be marked, and the second you will be remarked. TUB Bishop of Now Jersoy, it is said, has given notice that he will refuse at confirmation to lay his hands upon the piles of false hair and chignons which disfigure t'ae heads of so many young ladies seeking admission to the church and communion. A CONNECTICUT editor fell on the icy sidewalk last week. He did not use " unparliamentary language," as some would have done, but bit his lips, rubbed down the bruises, and while a benevolent smile radiated his counte nance, remarked, "We don't cherish any ill-will ; but for light and enter taining reading just now, we should like the obituary of the man who didn't sweep this pavement." JOSH BIIJJ.VGS was asked, " How fast does sound travel ?" And his idea that ifc depends a good deal upon tho noise you are talking about.. The sound ov a dinner horn, for instance, travels half a-mile in a second, while an invitasliun tew gitupin the morning i have known to be 3 quarters of an hour going 2 pair of stairs, and then not hev strength enuff left to be heard. 