NOTES AND NEWBS. A meeting of ladies and gcntlemen willing to assist in getting up the proposed bnzaanr in aid of the 1fund for building a new wing to the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, was hold it the Town-hall, Hawthorn, on Friday after inon last. It was convened by the Mayors of hnawthorn and Kew, in compliance with requisitions from the inhabitants of each Borough. Owing to a heavy shower falling it the time for holding the meeting, the at tendance was limited. Mr. Lawes, Mayor of Hawthorn, was voted to the chair, on the mnotion of Mr. [1. J. lIenty, Mayor of Kew. Mr. Mlaraden, hIon. sec. of the Bazaar Com mittee, infornued the meeooting that numbers of applications for admission to the asylum were refused solely for want of room to ac conmmodato the applicants; and the institu tion was now so crowded that several beds had to be made up on the floor. In order to meet the necessities of the case, it wvas pro posed to build a new wing, and the committeo hoped to receive the active co-operation of theu residents of Hawthorn and IKew in fur nishing the bazaar in aid of the building fund. Mr. Mauraden suggested that a local eoimmittee be formed, and that the Borough Councils be asked for a contribution. On the mnotion of Dr. Braggo, seconded by the 11eov. it. Counehee, it was resolved that a local committeeo beo formed of the persons present, with pao0er to add to their number, for the purpose of iidiug in the proposed bazaar. It was also decided that the com. mittoee be divided into two sub-committees, with a viewv to operating with greater effoect in eaclh borough. The procooeedings closed with a vote of thanks to the chairnuan. We may mention that the cosmuittee will gladly receive contributions in money; and we would also iniforln thoso who desiro to assist is this charitable undertaking that subscrip tions,will be received at the ollice of this paper. AThe weelily mnceting of tilhe Couneil of' tli, . Accliatioat li ion Society tna hold on Monday. The iloulthers preceit wuere Dir. 'thos. 13nlrk (president), Professor M'Coy, aol Mr. J. 13. \Vere. 'The secrcetary was instructed to writo to the secretary of the Angliiig Society (Mlr. E. Ilowiltt), reioesting him to call a meeting of that bodly for the lpurpuose of adoptioig such steps as shall be dleemed iioess:iaiy to obtain froth G0overiieit prultction ftor the young imported lish and 'fry. Tlhe president drew the attentiwn of the mleeting to a paragraph in that dilay's AiIgus, inwlhich it is stated that a nest of young Europaiu thrushrs fadl been stolen from the Fita roy.-g rdlens, anid that a rewardt of £5 h:td been oullred lfr tIhe con viction of the guilty party. It was resolved that the coiiuncil of tli san.:ity should offer an additional reward ut £10 ftr the santo purpose. It was rICporteld by the secretary thit a in ber of lEnliish skylarl ks awerce to be seen ii thIe lishlis between E] piig jul \Wood stock. 'i'ie prejsident plaied on the table the reports of t ;lhe Ipr'ceeldings andil tranotions of the onligiedal Society at lidondo for 1801,. 1807, Imd 188, which magnificeni t volumes will Prove a very acceptabie addition to tbe society's library. The banquet given by the leuding citizens and other distinguished residents of' thie me tropolia to General Latluni, late United States consul, on the occasion of his retire. ment from office, and departure from Victoria, was aI most sncceassful nalir. It took pilace on Tuesday night in the new dinning- hall of the Criterion Hlotel, and the guests numnbered some 200 persons-a laIIrge number of late arrivals tending somewhbit to upset the ar ranguements which had been mado. The mayor of Melbourne occupied the chair, and tlhere were present most of the members of the Ministry, a number of the foreign consuls (not, however, including Mr. Pinnell, the present U.S. consul), and a number of mem bers of Parliament, city councillore, end other persons of note, including the Hon. C. Mac Malhon and Mr. Jas. Lorimer, president of the Chamber of Comunerce, who were vice clhairmen. The diuier table presented a fine spectacle, and iltlhoughl the arrangeineuts were sadly interfered with by the unexpected press of visitors, the tables were well Iro videdu, and the wines were excellent. lhe chief tonasts were those of" The Ministry," which was receivedl with immense eitlhusiasin, anidl " General Latluhaun," which was greeted witlh loud and pirolonged applause. " A very singuilar blunder of a public body was madle piublie on Friday," says the Dayles ford .lfe'rciry, " during the hearing of a case in the police court. The Yausdoit nud Fratlt lii Road Board sued a numibur of doautluers for rates, wlhen Mr. Warton, for the deteunl ant objected that plaiutitls wore out of court. There was no such body in existence as the nnaudoit antd Franklin Roead Board, the dlis trict lhaving been proclailmed under the style of the Fralnklin nd Yanldoit Road District. On retlbrence to the Gazelle, this proved to be the fact, andl both this particular surnm mions andl others were dismisised, with £1 Is. costs agninst plaintiffs. It thlerefore apperis that the board for nine years lhas beein kuown by a wrong namne, autnd all tihe boolks, ipapers, ,h., printing during thait time have been erro neous."' The Port Phillip Farmers' Society still holds out, waiting for better times. The an nual general meeting, which had been ad journed train the 7th July last, was held at the society's otlices, 48 Burke-street west on Tuesdlay ait'ternoon, cnd there were eight per sons present. Mr. J. Finlay, J.P., took the chair, and Mr. M. lI'Caw, M.L.A., acting secretary, read out the minutes of the last two meetings, which were confirmed. The next business was Mr. P. M'Crilckei's Iotico of iiotion, viz.:-" Tbhat the balance to the credit of the society at the Colonial Bunk be returned by the treasurer, amid be at the dis. posal of a meeting of not less that 15 sub scribers to the society, such meeting to be called by the treasurer on the requisition of 10 members, nid seven clear days' notice to be given." Mr. D. G. Clarlke asked if the society had enough to pay its debts; to which Mr. M'Caw rieplied that it had £600. In answer to another question fromi Mr. Clarke, the noting secretary further stated that the papcr which certain members had signod in order to secuire thlieociety in a piar. ticulnar way had long since been buret. Mr. I. M'Cracken, on being appealed to, said hie would not naove his brother's motion, but the following, viz:-" That the meeting be ad journed for a period not exceeding three moithts, the notice of motion stancting for the next meeting." Mr. D. G. Clarke seconded thie motion, which was opposed by Tlr. Brisbano on the ground that it would be best for the Port Plhillip f'armeors' Society to surrender at once. It was then urged by thi acting secretary and others that while the Board of Agriculture existecd thi Port Philip Farunors' Society could only stand as a local society, but thait were that gbost of a public bodty quietly laid, there would be no dilliculty in pgtting the latter on its right basis. Even if another society were to be tlrmed, still tho existing society hiad yirds which it would be betteir to traunsfor to its saccessor thnu give lip wholly to tho Goveriiiineiit, wvhus all tIme unonoy silent oii thieiii woutld bu lost. The motion was thou put isuid carried, and the meeting brolce up. Hew Mr. 7MlKean proved rather mors thinia a miitch fbr his ophionent at Ciuriabrook is thus told by the Aleryboroug1 Advurtiser :'i " M~r. DI['Kcar fairly Lrrncli tiro Ipolitk'rl tables on Iris opponent, Mr. S:uinels, at a meeting hell at Car is'raik on i M'riai ii girt. 'liTe Iatter geiitlnrri ha it iiinnunrI'ed by ari Vertlireiiert tirrr Ihe intended to addII rine thU electors at tuhrn plan', bit, soi trir ia rlary boroigh as cort cerrrd, he omitted to stirte thalt lir'. J. M1 (tairt \woild be presrit, antII ' stuin i' it, i his favour. A bihnaI inure scut riuirid Crnisiiroork at tirit nist irunrert to iii formi tihe irhabitarrts timit tihe ex-Dliistr of Lauirs would 'shoiarr r. 1 Kerrrn upr.' It hapllpened, ihowever!', bunt the srcr'it wras ron vryed to Mir. Ali'KIur, who trt tire timne wires ou thie point of irranguiiing tire electors tihe sname evening. On discoverinig tihe tncties resorted to, Mr. A'Ieni pironstponeld iris iii. dress, rird with Ia urirrer of irieidtls spedlIi to Carisbrook in one of' Cobbb's coaches to imeet Mir. Grunt erree to tlheo. Mr. ML'Kern urrriv'rd just ins AIr. Sarueles ens firishirng his addre'ss, and remarkably eroirgir, it a juncture nt whihe one of tihe electors, in playiirl barlirrago, ax clnimdl, 'Give us Ilsrlert's Ghost, Sriiurmy.' At tire rrorrent itr. MI'Kenu urexprectdly appeared in the room. Iiin an instrant there was tihe wildest exeitemnert, and cheer after cheer went uip ais a greeting. Thire chiririnrrr anrd AIr. Sirruels were both noprlrrssed, nud tie contermplated stub in the dark was averted. AIr. Grant, who was on the door. step of' tire iall outside, lucked tire courage to come forward anid srpeak. Air. Sairuels tendered a feeble apology for tihe disappoint. ment, arid, under tire circumstrances, Mr. AI'Kenn refrained from taking advantaige of Ihis prosition and addressing the eleetors, irsti mannting tlhat he wira only present to defelud himinself Imnrediatelyaftrarrvrrds Mr. AL'Keani started for Iaryboroughi, andt wlas in time to address the electors fromn the balcony of the Commercinal Hotel." 