FM f I) AY, JULY í). 1869. In tlio Lecislative Assembly yesterday, the Speaker took the chair at half- past four o'clock. In reply to Mr. Lanstou, Mr. GKANT said bo thought that the papera connocted with the charge of bribery against certain members referred to on a previous oc- casion by Mr. Everard, would be laid on the table of the House on Tuesday next. The report of the Railway Extension Com- mittee was presented, and read. The House went into committee for the further consideration of the - Land Laws Amendment BUL A lengthened debate took place upon Mr. Kernot's amendment on the , 14th clause, to the effect that the power of exe mption of lands from selection, and tho re- vocation of such exemption, should only be exercised in- accordance with regulations which for the period of one month havo boen laid before both Houses of Parliament. The amendment was ultimately negatived by a majority of thirty-one to twenty-two. Anothor amendment was moved by Mr. Dyto, to tho effect that whilstoxemptions might bo niadoat Hie pleasure of the Government, revocations should only take place with the consent of Parliament, After somo conversation, this amendment was still further amended by pro viding that revocations of exemptions should only take place aftor being gazetted for four consecutive weeks, and the clauso thus amended, was agreed to. Clauses 10 and 17, relating to proclamations of land office and officers, and to applica- tions for licences, wero passed without ma- terial amendment. Progress was then re- ported, and leave obtained to sit again on Tuesday. Tlie llouse went into committee for the further consideration of the Scab Act Amend- ment Bill, and all the clauses, with the ex- ception of a few postponed, having been agreed to, progress was reported, and at twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, the House adjourned till Tuesday next. The main feature of tho report on the Victorian Railways, for the year 18G8, is the large and continuous de- cline of the passenger trafilo which it exhibits. In no one year since the entire lines have been opened has the number of passengers, or the revenue received from them, been so small. Naj', the passengers in 18C8 were actu- ally less by 20,000 than in 186-1-, when the Murray line was only open as far as Sandhurst. The figures for the last four years show how steady and exten- sive this double declino has been : 18C5 18C0 18G7 1808 Passengers. I Revenue. 1,066,178 1,1112,274 1,101,083 043,327 £ 255,470 248.721 236,574 220,207 The passengers last year were thus less by 123,000 than in 1865. and the re- venue sufiered a corresponding diminu- tion of £29,000. On this very unsatis- factory condition of things the report remarles that "under the system for " merly pursued, the number of pas " sengers arrived at was certainly in " excess of the number of passengers " who actually travelled, and there " fore the decrease in the num " ber of passengers here shown " is to some extent only apparent, " but of the decrease in the receipts " from passengers there can be no " doubt." And it might havo continued that the decrease in passengers is tole- rably real after all, since both receipts and passenger traffic show just about the same proportionate falling off. The report candidly enough admits that this decline cannot be attributed to any de- crease in the population of the districts through which the railways run. We are assured by the registrar-general that the population of the colony was 026,000 at the end of 1865, and 684,000 at the end of 1868. These figures indicate an increase during the interval of 58,000 souls, yet the travellers on the Government railways were not so numerous by 123,000 per- sons as before that accession to the population had taken place. Taking the lii.es separately, we find that the decline has been greatest in that to the Murray, 1868 showing less passengers by just "about 100,000 than 1865, and £37,000 loss revenue. In regard to the falling off on this line, Mr. SULLIVAN expresses the opinion that it "may be accounted for by the more " settled habits of the people ;" but the analysis of the traine on this line for the last four years does not afford much support to this view. In 1865, the first-class tickets issued numbered 55,262, and in 1S68 only 32,S90, the receipts from them being in the former year £37,244, and in the latter £24,646. Can it be supposed that the first-class travellers have become so much more settled in their habits that railway travelling for business or plea- sure is no longer necessary ? We could understand Mr. SULLIVAN'S explanation if shearers, miners out of work, and those bush tramps, whom Mr. MICHIE once described as " skullbankers," were formerly in the habit of travelling about the country by rail in search of work, food, or plunder, and have now settled down on their own allotments under the benign auspices of Mr. GRANT. But unfortunately for the Commissioner of Railways, there is nothing to warrant the belief that at any period the railway traffic was swollen by people of this class. To what, then, are Ave to attri- bute the decline ? Why should nearly 200,000 people less travel by rail in 1868 than in 1866? King COBB has not again entered the lists as a compe- titor with the Government; nor istherail way traffic less of a monopoly nowthan it was two years ago. Nor can it be sup- posed that the locomotive requirements of our increasing population are dimi- nishing year by year. The only explana- tion which seem3 to us to be adequate and reasonable is the highly unsatisfac- tory one, that the means of the people were smaller in 1868 than in former years, and that railway travelling was one of the luxuries which many persons had to curtail or dispense with. As some compensation for this unfor- tunate decrease of passengers, the goods traffic improved last year, yielding £40,000morethaninl867,and£14,000 more than in 1S66, the highest previous year. A great part of this increase is no doubt attributable to the growing quantities of wool and stock forwarded from the Murray. The report does not give the increase of stock carried, but the wool from Echuca in 1868 exceeded that of 18G7 by 26,549 additional bales. During the last four years, the revenue from goods, cattle, &c;, has been as follows : 18G5 .£320,096 1800 .340,915 1807 .315,457 1808 .355,195 The gross revenue from all sources for the same year was 1805 .£585,476 I860 .5S9,G37 1807 .552,031 1808 .581,402 which shows a considerable improve- ment in 1868 over 1867, but shows also that the revenue of 1868 was below that of either 1865 or 1866. ' A stereotyped paragraph which has appeared in the previous two or three reports appears also in this. For several yeara His Excellency has been informed by the Minister of Railways that the ex- penses of working the lines are greatly increased by tbo want of a suitable goods-slied at tbo Melbourne station. ¡Nothing, however, has been done to remedy this costly inconvenience. Nor does it appear that anything is intended to be done. The Railway Loan Act of last year provided, to be sure, for an expenditure of £239,000 on certain works, which were to include >J a new goods-sbcd in Spenccr-strcet . but under the regime of Mr. M'Oirt LOCH, the law furnishes no criterion whatever as to what the course of the Government in any given matter may be. Much more money than is ie quired for the purpose has been al ready obtained, yet neither of the esti- mates of expenditure for railway pur- poses during 18G9 which have been laid before Parliament, make any pro- vision for this work, the want of whicli Mr. SULLIVAN declares, year after year, " prevents the economical managemontof " the goods traffic." A thoroughly busi- ness man at the bead of this department would very soon put a stop to these annual and insincere complaints of de- fective accommodation, and would, we are inclined to think, discover some method of management under which the passenger traffic would in some degree correspond to tbe growth of an increas- ing population. A* subject is attracting attention in England, both in tbe Legislature and the press, which lias an interest for the people of this colony equally with those of the mother country. It has reference to the stability of life assurance com- panies, and the means to be adopted to enable the public to become acquainted witb the real position of such associa- tions. Mr. S CAVÍ:, vice- president of the Board of Trade in the last Administration, bas introduced a bill having for its object the compulsory periodical registration of accounts by the various offices, which lias had the effect of bringing the topic into pro- minent notice. A committee, composed of tbo managers and secretaries of the English life assurance companies, has been formed to consider Mr. CAVE'S measure ; and, in the opinion of this body of experts, the proposed legislation will not be comprehensive enough to meet all tbe requirements of the case. A draft bill far more stringent than that of Mr. CAVE has been drawn up and submitted to the consideration of the right honourable gentleman, who will probably embody in his enactment many of the provisions therein sug- gested. The committee recommend that, in addition to an annual registra- tion of receipts and payments, together with balance-sheet to the close of the financial year, each company shall be required to make a periodical actuarial investigation into its affairs, and upon such investigation shall com- pile a return stating "1. The table or tables of mortality on which the valuation is based. " 2. The rate or rates of interest assumed. "3. The total amount of net valued liabili- ties of the company proceeding upon the above data. " 4. The cash surplus to be divided ; and " 5. The amount and nature of the reserve made for future expenses and profits." In addition to this, the committee propose that at similar recurrent in- tervals, statements shall be deposited with the registrar of joint-stock com- panies in London, setting forth the fol- lowing details : "1. Tho table or tables of premiums for assurances for the whole term of life in use by the company at the date of the return. " 2. The amount of all sums assured on lives for the whole term of life, in existence on the day when the account is closed, show- ing the sums assured, according to the ages at the date of account, for each year of life, from the youngest to the oldest ages. "3. The amount of annual premiums re- ceivable in respect of assurances mentioned under the lost head, for each year of life, dis- tinguishing ordinary from extra premiums. "'1. The amount of all sums assured for other periods, or on other contingencies, than expressed in No. 2. "5. The amount of annual premiums re- ceivable in respect of assurances mentioned under the last preceding head. "G. The amount of all existing rever- sionary additions previously made to poli- cies, classified as expressed in No. 2. " 7. The amount of deductions from pie miums by way of bonus, classified as ex pnssed in No. 2. "8. The amount of immediate annuities payable on lives, showing the sums payable at each year of life." It may be thought by many that in recommending these voluminous returns the London Insurance Committee has proposed minutire of registration unne- cessary for the public safeguard. But the position of a life assurance com- pany is widely different to that of any other commercial undertaking, and although the general public may be utterly incapable of judging of the merits of the information desired to be set forth, yet it will be advantageous for it to be furnished, so that it may, if necessary, be brought to the test of adverse professional examination. The liabilities of a life assurance company are remote ; its receipts immediate ; and this being the case, its proceedings can scarcely be hedged in with too many precautions. Actuaries, doubtless, differ on the technicalities of assurance. They disagree in their calculations of the rate of mortality and the proper estimate of interest, and consequently have no settled computation of the "present value" of a company's liabilities. But their differences are all contained within certain limits, and the utility of the publicity sought to be obtained by legis- lation would become apparent when a new company, in its anxiety to secure business, outstepped these limits. Similar swindles to those perpetrated in past years by sham assurance companies would be rendered impossible were an act in force of the character described. It would not interfere with a company in insuring the lives of the public, but it would enable the public in some degree to insure the stability of tho company. That this is not altogether a needless precaution is shown by the chronicles of life insurance enterprise during the last quarter of a" century. From the year 1844 to the year I860, there were no less than 519 companies of this kind provisionally registered in Great Britain. Of these only 258 com /pleted their registration, and of this aiumber actually started in business, only forty-six remained on the 31st December, I860. Undoubtedly many of the associations which ceased to exist effected arrangements with esta- blished companies, so that their policies were not dishonoured, but as this trans Jerence involved a considerable cost to the original association, it could s only bo accomplished when there was a substantial proprietary to fall back upon. But the mere fact of so many companies having started, and failed to establish themselves, shows the necessity which exists for the legislation sub- mitted to the British Parliament. The London Economist, in an article from which we have gleaned the figures just quoted, remarks upon them :- I "The nature of the trade would lead one to anticipate unsonndness in it even before experience had shown us what we see. Every business is suspicions that brings capital-~ that puts into the hands of thoso who havo to carry it on much money which is not at once wantod in the ti ade, which they can spend if they like or speculate with if they like. AVe showed on a late occasion that the private under writing ti ade at Lloyd's had grievously suffered fiom this cause. Many \- persons have gone into the business to get capital, and continue in it becauso it is not convenient to repay that capital. In life insurance the case is worse. The liabilities in life risks are much more distant than in sea risks, because human life is much longer than a sea voyage. Accordingly, during the itrst j cars in the careel of an insurance com . pany which gets business, money comos in japidly and goes out slowly. There is a largo fund in hand, and wherever there is a fund there is temptation. Not only is fraud likely when money is floating, but men far above fraud may be tempted to rash enterprise. They fancy that by liberal advertisements, conspicuous offices, large percentages to many agents, and by other like methods, they may gain more business. If tbey had no money in hand probably they might bo wiser ; but as it is they act on their pleasant hopes, spend more money than tbey ought on publicity, give moro than they ought to agents, and in the end the office is insolvent." The Economist properly points out . that the publicity of accounts and re- turns would not prove a complete check against the evils set forth, and that there is indeed no absolute cure for them. But there cannot be a doubt that it would act as a stumbling-block in the way of the initiation of bubble enterprices. Life assurance, properly carried out, is an immense boon to the public, and the establishment of companies under sound actuarial supervision must be ad- vantageous to the community. In spe- culations, however, involving compli- cated contracts extending over half a cen- tury and more, during the whole of which time the duty of one of the contracting parties is confined to receiving pay- ments from the other contracting party, it will be admitted that the law regu- lating them can scarcely be too inquisi- torial and stringent. This fact is now admitted in England, and it will be well to recognise it here, where at present there is virtually no law dealing with the subject. The Legislative Assembly, by a majority of thhty-oneto twenty-two, have decided that the Minister of Lands shall have and exercise the extiaordinary and arbitiary powers pro- posed to be granted to him by the bill now before Parliament. The fight on the 14th clause-which allows the Government to re- serve any lands they please fiom settlement, and to revoke such reservation at their plea suie-was commenced on Wednesday and finished last night, when the clause, without any material alteration, was carried. The amendment proposed by Mr. Kernot, which to some extent would havo brought these laige powers under the control of Parliament, was rejected, and the only chango effected was the providing that all revocations of exemptions should bo gazetted for four consecutive weeks before taking effect. An amusing attempt was made by some of the membeis with squatting proclivities to pre- vent any revocations being made save when Parliament was sitting, They had no ob- jection to exemptions in their own favour being made at any timo, but they wished to throw every obstacle in the way of such re sei valions being abolished. The nouse, however, was not prepared for this. Fifty three members voted on the clause thirty-one for and twenty-two against it. Neither the Speaker nor the Chairman of Committees voted. There were twenty three absentees, viz., Messrs. Aspinall, Bayles, Bowman, Burrows, Butters, Carr, Davies, Duffy, Everard, Fellows, Frazer, Uanna, Haibisou, James, Jones, Kitto, Lalor, Long- more, Mackay, M'Lellan, Richardson, White- man, and Williams. Messrs. Fellows and Mackay, and Duffy and Burrows, paired off; but it is rather singular to find so many other members of the Opposition absent from a division on such an important subject. When the Legislativo Assembly went into committee on the Scab Bill last evening, the propiieties of the case were admirably pre seivcd. Four natives of "Caledonia, stern and wild "-Messrs. Macpherson, MacBain, Wilson, and G. P. Smith-drew chairs to the table, and plunged into the subject con amoic, whilst another Scotchman (Mr. Bus- sell) occasionally threw in a suggestion from the comfortable corner in which ho had ensconced himself. A hearty laugh was occa . sioned by a suggestion that provision should be made in the bill for the erection of four posts, and that the bill should be headed with the ancient motto, " God bless the Duke of Argyle." It is just possible that the papers in connexion with the alleged case of bribing, or promising to bribe, members of Parliament will be laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday next. It is reported that Mills, ono of the parties in the case, . some time since made a declaration that M'Neil, who had taken up land on Mr. Tobin's land, was a dummy, and had mado no improvements upon it. Shortly aftor wards he was visited by a member of Par- liament, who told him that he would bo pro- secuted for perjury, as two other members of Parliament had received the sum of £500 to secure the land for Mr.-; that they were determined to got it, and would prove too powerful for him. By such repre- sentations he induced Mills to write a letter withdrawing the declaration previously made " by him, but on the understanding that the letter was not to bo handed in until he .(Mills) had consulted his friends. As soon, however, as the M.P. got possession of the letter he forwarded it to the Lands-office, and was thus successful in the little scheme planned by himself and his associates. .Mills went subsequently to Mr. Ross, a former officer of the Lands department, and by him the facts wero communicated to Mr. Grant. It is not at all unlikely that quite sufficient time will have elapsed before the matter is ipresentcd to Parliament to render any sucb/ factory inquiry impossible, as no money will be spared to keep thoso silent who could speak. The eighth report of the select committee upon railway extension in Victoria has made its appearance. It disputos the propriety of constructing our railways on tho English imodel, and enters into au analytical oxamin ation of the cost of the principal lines in Europe and America; from which it con- cludes that in a new country with a limited population, sparsely settled, and with a limited borrowing power, the most ad- vantageous system of railway construc- tion is that which will provide the inhabitants with sufficient ordinary ac- commodation, at moderate speed and mode- rate fares, and in this opinion the committee state they aro supported by the opinions of the great majority of eminent English engi- neers as recorded in the English Royal Cora mission Report of 18C7. It is believed that such railways, including rolling- stock and stations, can be constructed for £G,000 per mile in Victoria, suitable for ali purposes of trafile for many years to come. Tho annual report of the Government botanist has been laid before Parliament. It is accompanied by a lithographie plan of tho gardens and the surrounding grounds, indicating tho principal plantations ; and is followed by a supplementary report, showing avhat additional work it is desirable to effect during the current year. Appended to this report arc the tables of a very extensive series of analyses, conducted in detail by Mr. Clip Hoffman, in reference to the yield of potash in our moro gregarious native trees. They show that the manufacture of this alkali can be pursued hero moro profitably than in those count!ies in which the supply of original timber is far less extensive than in Victoria. The examination into the yield of iodine and bromine in our seaweeds is commenced ¡ likewise, the yield of soda in ono of the principal littoral plants is recorded. Dr. von Mueller adds, " I have entered also on a series of toxicological researches, by which it is hoped the nature of those poison plants so injurious to stock will be fully elucidated." A deputation from tho shire council oE Barrabool, accompanied by Messrs. ITopkius, Richardson, Cunningham, and Lak>r> M.L.A.'s, waited on the Minister of Roads and Bridges yesterday for tho purpose of re- minding him of a promise made in March, 18G8, to assist the council in building a bridge at Waurn Ponds, which had since been erected at a cost of £0G0, on the strength of the promise from the department. Mr. Sullivan said that if an account of the actual cost of the bridge were sent in he would endeavour, in tbo event of an additional vote for roads and bridges being passed, to procure half the cost for the council. Messrs. Duncan and Blake, of the Ballan Shire Council ; Messrs. Shaw and Ilansman, from Barry's Reef ; and Messrs. Walker and Milliard, from Golden Point, who were ac- companied by Messrs. Riddell, King, and Smith, M.L.A.'s, yesterday had an interview avith the Minister of Roads and Bridges on the subject of Government assistance in the erection of bridges on the main road from Blackwood to Gisborne, or by Barry's Reef. One bridge was required at Golden Point, on tho main Gisbornc-road, and tho other at Dale's Creek, on the same road, between Ballan and Blackwood. Mr. Sullivan pro- mised to consider the application, which was accompanied by a request for assistance for roads, and to give one-half tho cost of the bridges, the amount not to exceed £750, in the event of an additional vote being ob- tained. There was a good deal of routine business transacted at the sitting of the Equity Court yesterday, but none of it was of great inte- rest. In the suit of Jennings v. Tivey judg- ment was given. The case related to disputes between two former partners in a business at Inglewood. In the division of the partner- ship property two allotments of land wore given to plaintiff and two to defendant ; but a quarrel having occurred, defendant refused to execute a conveyance of his interest in the two allotments given to defendant. Mr. Justice Molesworth considered that the plain- tiff was entitled to the allotments, and made a decree accordingly, but without costs. A Gazette notice has been published extend- ing Trinity Term to Saturday next. A vacancy, it is rumoured, is about to occur in the representation of Gipps Ward in tho City Council by the retirement of one of tho present members. In anticipation of such an event, a requisition has been prepared and is now in course of signature to Mr. I. Barnet, formerly of Swanston-street, asking bim to place himself in nomination. Mr. Barnet has resided in the ward for the last sixteen years, and holds property there. Ile was also assessor for livo or six years, and it is to be presumed, therefore, that he is woll acquainted avith the requirements of the ward, as well as avith the affairs of the city. No experience is more familiar than tho surprise which the creators of a nuisance affect to feel when their proceedings are publicly complained of. With adverse facts staring them in the face, their usual plan is to deny ilatly that they have caused any nuisance whatever ; and in this fashion one portion of a description of Yarra pollutions, which appeared in Tuesday's Argus, has been utterly contradicted. In that article, our re- porter, without naming names, mentioned the maizena works at Hawthorn-bridge as "draining stinking refuse into the river." Upon this, Messrs, Young and Co. write to us, and " beg once for all to deny that any- thing offensive or injurious is used at our avorks, or goes into the river." It is really ex- traordinary how Messrs. Young and Co. could delude themselves to this extent. Our reporter went to the place yesterday, and saw there an open pit, containing a thick whitish iluid, avhich was draining in an apparently diluted form into the river. To stir this whitish composi- tion with a stick was to produce a hideous smell, which, in a less degree, was to be found in its diluted form. That there should be no mistake, our reporter brought away bottles filled with the stuff referred to, and it is pro- bably identical avith the stuff taken in the same way from the same establishment in February last by tho Health Committee of the City Council, avho, in their published repoit, referred to this establishment as "draining foully-stinking refuse into tho river." The formor specimen, wo aro told, was exhibited at a meeting of the Medical Society, and had to bo promptly removed be- cause of its offensive odour. The diamonds which are now being found in tho Mudgee district, New South Wales, are conveyed some sixty miles to the nearest rail, way station and thence by rail to Sydney. From Sydney they have been transferred by ship to Melbourne, but this trade, thanks to our protective tariff, will have to bo discon- tinued just as it was bidding fair to become profitable. On their arrival in this port the diamonds are subjected to a duty of five per cent, ad valorem, thoy cannot conveniently be brought to Melbourne overland, and thus, through the sagacious restrictions placed upon our commerce, this lucrative business will bo driven from our doors. We understand that representations are about to bo made to the Government to induce it to permit the dia- monds to come within the list of oxomptions, as " unwrought stone." As it could never have been the intention of the Legislature, in its wildest moments, to protect the colony from the introduction of these treasures, it is to bo hoped that the Government will be ablo to concedo this liberty to those inter- ested in this now industry. A number of fine pearls discovered at the fisheries carried on in the vicinity of Nicol Bay, Western Australia, have been exhibited in town. They aro of great size and beauty, the most valuable among them resembling in shape and dimensions the eyeball of a largo fish. This is said to bo worth upwards of £200. This collection of pearls is by far the richest which lias been found in Australian waters. Wo observe that tho parsonage attached to tbo Collins-street Independent Church is now tenanted by a medical man. The back of the magnificent block upon which the church and parsonage stand has long been used as a marble and stone yard, in absolute defiance of the conditions of the Government grant. We are informed that the attention of the trustées has, in moro than one instance, been called to the letting of tho portion fronting Little Collins-street, and the reply to these remonstrances now seems to bo the letting of the parsonage as well, the minister having migrated into an aristocratic suburb. On the principle of not making ilesh of one and fowl of the other, it is to be presumed that Mr. Grant will deal with the trustees of this church as ho lately dealt with those of the Presbyterian reseive at East Melbourne. It is out of all reason that one of tho most valuable sites in the city should bo given up to a body who, instead of using it for the purposes for which it was granted, use it in direct violation of the terms upon which it was originally given them. However much we may be inclined to en- courage colonial art, it is not often that wo havo occasion to give unmixed praiso to tho works of any of our colonial painters. One is stiff, another bad in tone, a third faulty in composition, and if they are ever to be cor- rected of these defects, it is of course neces. 8ary that they should be pointed out. Tho duty, howover, of doing so, is by no means a grateful one, and hence it is that wo seizo with peculiar satisfaction tho opportunity which M. Buvelot has afforded us of bestow- ing unqualified commendation upon two works from a Victorian ease!. We refer, of course, to tho two landscapes in oil which he exhibits at present at Messrs. Wilkie, Webster, and Allan's, Collins-street, and which have, for some time back, at- tracted so much admiration. Ono of these views represents tho homestead, and the other the woolshed and sheepwash, at Mount Fyan's Station, tho property of Mr. William Cumming. Wo do not of courso ex- pect in these works the beauty of composition to be looked for where the artist's freedom of selection is less restricted, but we should be disappointed if they woro more coloured charts of tho country, laboriously minuto and studiously correct. M. Buvelot, with a true artist's feeling, has found the happy medium so well adapted to this peculiar sort of work The scenes aro no doubt represented with a truth to nature which cannot be denied, while there are sufficient ovidoncos of choice and distribution of accessories to show a re- fined attention to effect. Tho tone of these pictures is admirable, better than in most of M. Buvelot's former productions, and there is all his usual freedom of pencil, in which he is unequalled amongst the artists of Victoria. The "Homestead" is the better work of the two, but it would bo almost unfair to mako a comparison disparaging to the other picture, which is scarcely inferior. They will both add considerably to M. Buvelot's reputation, already so deservedly great. We are informed that the credit of rescu- ing the boy Press from drowning, as men- tioned in yesterday's Arf/us, is due to Manuel Betancor, the Custom-house ferryman, who saw the boy fall into the river, and promptly saved his life. We regret to have ^ to record the death of Captain Brown, of the ship Ulcoats, which arrived hero, from Boston, on the 2nd inst. Ile caught a severe cold whilo loading his ship at the latter port, and died of consump- tion, at Cohn's Hotel, yesterday. His funeral takes place this afternoon. The County Court list for July was com- menced yesterday, before his Honour Judgo Pohlman. There were 290 undefended cases under £20 disposed of, tho remainder being adjourned. Tho Court was subsequently engaged hearing new trial motions, nono of which possessed any feature of interest. Another caso of sticking-up occurred on Tnesday night, about half-past eight o'clock, near the Queensberry-strect entrance to the Carlton-gardens. A man named John M. Turnbull, employed as a letter-carrier in tho Post-office, was stuck-up by a man, who drew a large clasp-knife, and demanded his money in true footpad style. Turnbull, however, showed great pluck, and struck tho robber two or threo rapid and well directed blows in the face, at the same timo calling out for the police. The would-bo robber finding he had not got the easy prey ho had expected, scrambled over the gardon fence and mado off. Yesterday afternoon Detective Brown arrested a man named Charles White, on suspicion of being the offender. The prisoner was at once iden- tified by Turnbull among six or seven others as the man who attempted to rob him. Ho had had a good view of his face under the gas lamp, and ho also recognised his voice. Tho prisoner has a "black eye, and his shirt-front is spotted with blood. When Turnbull carne to the light after tho encounter, he found his hand all covered with blood, show- ing that he had inflicted some severe punish- ment on his assailant. Tho prisoner will be brought before the City Court to- day. Richard Bellamy was yesterday called upon in tho City Court to surrender to his bail to answer a charge of perjury. This young man, whose protracted trial for the murder of his wife about eighteen months ago will bo re- membered by most of our readers, was ar- rested a short time ago in Maitland on a charge of perjury, and remanded to Melbourne, bail being accepted. When called upon yes. terday he did not appear, and it was not stated if any warrant was to bo issued for his apprehension. The perjury is said to bo in declaring himself of age when he was married to his late wife on her death bed, whereas, in reality, he was not nineteen years of age. In connexion with this matter, it may bo men- tioned that there is a sum of about £470 in the hands of the curator of intestate estates, the remains of a sum of about £l,GO0 Bel- lamy's wife brought with her from Sydney. On being acquitted of tho charge of murder Bellamy mado a claim for this money, but for some reason was put off till he left the country. Probably it is the desire to got tho settlement of certain claims on this monoy that such an anxiety is shown to bring Bel lamy back to Victoria. The weekly meeting of the council of tho Acclimatisation Society took place on Tues- day last. Tho members present wero Dr. Thomas Black (president), Dr. Joseph Black, Messrs. J. B.Wore, G. C.Lovey, J. C. Christie, and Count Castelnau. A letter received from Mr. S. Wilson, of Longerenong, was road, seating that the Axis deer continue to do well, and that from tho large number of fawns seen amongst them they must bo increasing consi- derably. Ho estimates their number in his immediate neighbourhood at from sixty to seventy. Tho ostriches he reports also as in very good condition, and, from their appear- ance, likely to make their nests soon. A new parcel of 250 feathers, plucked from theso animals, and sent by Mr. Wilson, was then exhibited, and much admired by the morn, bers of tho council presont. A letter from Captain E, Loyard, of tho Cape of Good Hope, was then read, in which that gentío man thanked the council for the modal awarded to him, and much regretted that tho work of tho society should bo crippled by tho want of Government aid, and of suffi- cient funds. In reference to Phillip Island, t was decided to remove to the main land all the deor, hares, and other gamo now on tho island as soon as possible ; and the secretary was instructed to distribute the animals caught amongst such friends of the society as would apply to him for them. The president was intrusted with all tho arrangements ne- cessary to tho removal of theso animals from the island. The weekly meeting of tho managing com- mittee of the Benevolent Asylum was held yesterday at the board-room of the institu- tion. Professor Wilson presided. Also pre- sent-Messrs. Marsden, Ploos van Amstel, Wiscwould, Lynch, Wild, Curtain, Dickson, Carson, Martin, O'Brien, Rolfe, and Bar I wise. From the report of the suporin tendent it appeared that tvt-o inmates of -tho institution had died during the week, namely, John nanson, a native of England, admitted September, 18G7 ; and John Wilson, also a native of England, admitted in March, 18G4. Tho report also suggested that the committee should apply to the City Council for permission to graze ten cows on West Mol boumocommon. Stateof thehouse- Mcn,3G3; women, 157 ; total, 52G. The medical officer reported that an inmato named Richard Brady had become lunatic, and suggested his removal to the Yarra Bend Asylum. Under treatment-men, 183 ; women, 93 ; total, 27G. Mr. Rolfe moved, in accordance with pre- vious notice, that a return of all stimulants supplied to the inmates he furnished for the information of the committee. His reason for moving the resolution was that ho be- lieved souio irregularities existed relative to the distribution of stimulants to the inmates. It was also apparent that the resolution passed by the committee June 14, 18GG, re- quiring a weekly return such as that ho now moved for, should be furnished to the com- mittee. After some slight and uninteresting discussion, the motion was lost. Mr. Rolfe gave notice of his intention to inquire, at the next meeting of tho committee, why the resolution of July, 18GG, had not been com- plied with. Mr. ltolfe called the attention of the committee to the fact that b, portion of the Taranaki fund, which had been appor- tioned to tho Benevolent Asylum, had not been claimed. Mr. Wisowould stated in reply that tho delay arose from certain formalities relative to tho transfer ofthomoney not having been complied with, and that the matter was still pending. Mr. Tankard gavo notice of motion for the appointment of a committee to make arrangements for holding a bazaar with a view to supplementing tho subsidy which, he understood, the Governmont was about to grant in aid of the building fund of the institution. The remainder of the busi- ness avas of a routine character. The arrangements for the sports on the Melbourne Cricket-ground on Saturday, the 10th, aro now as complote as they can be made, and if no moro rain falls, tho course avili be everything that could be wished. Yesterday it avas quite fit for running and for velocipede racing, but another fine day will make it even better and firmer. The competi- tors are all ready, and anxious for tho day to an ive. Mr. Harris took a spin round the course yesterday afternoon, in a stylo andf orm which delighted some of his hackers, avho were present to avitness his performance. Several bicycles also carried their owners two or three times round the ground at a very fair pace. All that is wanted is fine weather on Saturday to make the meeting completely successful. As before noticed, half of the ladies' reserve, plentifully provided with seats, bos been allotted for the accommodation of such of the public as do not possess the right of entrée to the pavilion, and are avilling to pay an extra shilling for the privilege, The result of each event, with the time in which it is performed, will be announced by means of large telegraph-boards, placed conspicuously in tbo quoit-reserve, while the bowling-green will be appropriated to the competitors, for whom two tents have been, provided, and who are reminded that they must enter at the gate behind the bowling-green rcsorve. nis Excellency the Governor is expected to be present ; and the Band of tile 14th Regiment, by the kin" permission of Colonel Trevor and the officers, will, most probably, bo in at- tendance. There was a little more business than usual done at the yards yesterday. A commis- sion from Sydney to lay against Freetrader, Salem Scudder, and Lamplighter for the Melbourne Cup, was executed at COO to 20 each ; and 100 to G was taken about Shoot Anchor. There is no chango to Tcport with regard to tbi events coming off at Croxton park to-morrow. Most of the double-event books are filling rapidly ; but there is no par- ticular favourite, and 20 to 2 is taken about almost anything for the two principal events. 100 to 1 was laid in one instance against Maid of the Wannon and Planet, it being supposod that the mare was, in turf parlanco, "stiff,'' as she has not recovered from her trip to Bylands last week. Bo this as it moy, from other causes it is doubtful whether sho avili start or not. The entries for the velocipede race avere made last night, and are considered satisfactory, there being eight bicycles, and as many tricycles, avho havo paid their 5s. to have a llutter for the twenty sovoreigns offered by Mr. Hitchcn. They will run in heats of four, a heat to take place between each of the more legitimate races. Tbo usual monthly meeting of the com rcitteoj of the Horticultural Society was held on Wednesday, at the Mechanics' Institute Dr. von Mueller, vico- presidcnt, in the chair. After the reading of the correspondence a long list of donations avas reported, and it avas decided in each case to convey the thanks of the society to the donors. It was also re- solved to call the attention of tho Richmond Council to the state of the road leading to the gardens, complaints being frequent of its impassable condition by visitors thoreto. The annual meeting having to be held ac- cording to rule during the month of July it was decided to fix Wednesday, the 21st inst,, as the day on which to hold the same, and a sub-committee, consisting of Messrs. Clarson, Moule, and Toon, was appointed to prepare tlio annual report. The consideration of holding the spring exhibition on a larger scale than heretofore was post- poned until next meeting. Payments amount- ing to £50 9s. 9d. avere passed, and the follow- ing new members announced ¡-Messrs. Ariell, Harris, Prévost, Pollard, Girschill, Glen, Lissignol, Oats, and Williamson. The only oxhibitor was Dr. von Mueller from the Botanic-gardens, who forwarded a plant of selaginella cassia arboria, obtained from Messrs. Guilfoyle and Son, Sydney, and four neav kinds of calladium from Messrs. Veitch, of London, all of which avere greatly ad- mired. A cascillnstrating thodanger one incurs in in- terfering in the quarrels of man and wife came before the Hotham Police Court yesterday. A young man named Richard Davies was walking along Queensberry-street on the evening of the 14th Juno, avhen he heard cries of "murder," and "help," proceeding from a house on the other side of tho street. The erics were followed by blows and a fall, upon which ho went into tho house, and there saav a avoman lying on the floor, and a man kneeling upon her, and having his hands at hor throat. Davies pushed the man away, and stood between him and tho avoman. The prisonor then closed avith him, and they had a scufilo, after which Davies left. On gotting into tho street ho found he had left his hat becind him, and on going back for it ho was mot by the ' prisoner, who struck him twice - once on the chest and once on tho abdomen -and Davies felt that ho had been stabbed. A young man named Cookings, who was with him, avent to Davies's assistance, and the prisoner attempted to striko him too. Davies had to bo taken to the hospital, and tho man avho bad assaulted him-James Donnolly avas taken into custody. Davies was ton days in the hospital. Ho had sustained two punctured wounds, from an inch to two inches deep, in an oblique direction, A pocket-knifo, from which tho large blado ap- peared to havo been recently broken off, was found, on the same night, near where the second scufilo took place. Donnelly was com- mitted for trial. A correspondent sends us the following ex- tract from a private letter recei\\-ed this mail ; and the representations it contains merit attention and " thicken proof " of the neces- sity which exists for tho exercise of the utmost care and caution, both in preparing preserved meat for the London market, and in properly placing it before the English public :-" The Australian meat shops are not doing well, neither do they deservo success. I They scud over large cases of meat in tallow. These cases are too often unequal to the weight and rough usage they receive. Instead of the meat being hermetically scaled, it is more or less exposed to the atmo3phere from the limo the case is broken. To save loss, a variety of dishes are made up-pies, polonies, and a kind of brawn. This latter is sold at 9d. per lb. I bought a pound. On looking at it next day it was mouldy. I asked the shopman what company's meat they sold ; he said 'Melbourne.' I asked for a prospectus, and I qot some of the Clarence River (N.S.W.) Company. I told tho man that sort of thing might do ; in fact, he might not know the difference ; but ho might be certain the truth was best ; and Clarence River was as far from the Yarra, as the Thames is from the Danube. He simply laughed at me. I am sorry to see such doings, for tho meat has prejudices enough to work up against, instead of extra ones being created here. They are professing to sell at Od. per lb. When you get in, it is only the mutton you can get at that price ; and a very respectable man told me how he was taken in by having a piece of it sold to him which drove them all out of tho house by the stink it made whilst cooking. I can- not say if this is quite correct, but you, from your knowledge of the 'poor of Lon- don,' will know that their iguorant prejudices will soon cause them to pass a shop where such things are dono ; and, onco the meat gets a bad name, it will be years before it can carn a good one again." Complaints are often made of tho difficulty of getting really well-bred horses, but tho fact is owing to the heavy drain on this class of stock for the Indian market. Tho Andro- meda sails to-day for Madras with sixty splen- did horses, comprising about forty thorough- bred Touchstones, selected from Mr, Lyall's stud'; several of the Snowdon andj Prince William stock, bred by Mr. Mitchell of Table Top, and some few thoroughbreds from Mr. M'Lcod'sof Gipps Land. The ship has beon visited by many sporting men, who have com- mented very favourably .as well on the stock as on the admirable arrangements to secure their safe carriago in the ship. Many of these horses will, it is expected, be brought out at tho Christmas and January meetings in the Madras presidency. Wo see by tho European Mail that M. and Madame Simonsen, so well known in musical circles in Melbourno, aro on their way to this colony by the Marpesia, and may bo oxpocted to arrive about the middle of this month. A movement has been set on foot of late among the mechanics in Melbourno, for the purpose of getting up some agitation in order to obtain for themselves tho samo privileges as enjoyed by the residents of tho gold-fields -namely, the right of selecting residonce sites on tho lands belonging to the Crown in the immediate neighbourhood of the city. Several reserves are mentioned as being desirable for trying the experiment, and it is said that a public meeting will bo held on the subject, for the purpose of bringing the matter under the notice of the Government. A Mrs, Gibson, tho wife of a labourer re- siding at the Williamstown Junction, died suddenly yesterday morning. Sho had given bil th to a child on Monday last, and was re- covering slowly from her confinement. About four o'clock on Thursday morning sho sat up in bed and nursed her child, when she com- plained to her husband of sudden illness. Ile went to call a neighbour, and when ho returned she appeared to be in a swoon. He then ran off to Williamstown for a surgeon, and when they came back, it was found that life was extinct. An. inquest will be hold upon the body this day. Anothersudden death occurred at Williams, town early yesterday morning, the deceased being a young woman named Nora Mary Sandy, the wife of an officer attached to the steam-sloop Victoria. From tho ovidence taken at the inquest, held before Dr. Maclean last evening, it appeared that sho was at home on Wednesday evening up till seven o'clock, when her husband left her to go on duty. After his departure she obtained a glass of ale and a bottle of gin. She drank about two glasses of hot gin and water, and on getting sleepy, the servant put her to lie on tho floor, and placed a pillow under her head. Tho servant then lay down on her own bed, with her clothes on, and on waking, about three o'clock in the morning, she found her mis- tress dead, the body being in nearly tho samo position in which sho had placed it. Mr. Figg, who had made a post-mortem exami- nation, said that death had resulted from congestion on the right sido of tho brain, caused, in all probability, from alcoholic poisoning. The deceased was twenty-one years old, and was of a weak constitution. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence. Wc have Adelaide papers to tho 5th inst., but tho cream of the intelligence they con- tain has been already skimmed off by our telegraphic correspondent. The velocipede mania in America has, ac- cording to advices received by tho mail, gone far ahead of anything that has yet been imagined here, or apparently even in Europe. One firm in New York is said to turn out two thousand bicycles on the averago per week, whilst other firms manufacturo thom on a largo scale. Many hundreds of theso are made to order for westorn cities. As a matter of course, improvements of every kind are continunlly being made, until the later article is considered a great advance upon its predecessor of tho procoding week. London Punch has conceived the idea of it coming to a young lady on a velocipede, followed by a footman on another ; but the Americans have actually turned out hundreds of machines on two wheels so contrived as to carry both lady and gentleman. These latest inventions aro called tho " Boau and Girl of the Period Velocipede" and are similar to the best bicycles lately exhibited in Molbourno, with tho addition of a crank on tho second wheel, and a small side-saddle projecting over it. On the latter tho young lady sits, and assists in the propulsion, whilst the gentleman drives and manages tho front wheel in the same manner as is done with the bicycles in use at present in Mel- bourne. Tho Melbourno Philharmonic Socioty havo token a leaf out of tho book of tho Philhar- monic Society of Ballarat, and propose to givo shortly a performance which is certain to bo -very popular. Tboy will perform the whole of Verdi's opera of "Ernani," much in the stylo of an opera di camera, having the whole of the music in band and choral parts. The performance will probably bo given at the Haymarket Theatre. Speaking of the land sale gazetted to take place at Castlemaine on the 20th of this month, and at which it is proposed to offer the Maryborough reservoir allotment for pur- chase, tho Maryborough Advertiser observes : -"Somo semblanco of bulk was givon to the notico by the insertion of a string of fifteen items, which made tho sale worthy of atten- tion. But now, however, the salo has dwin- dled down to a mere shadow, tho withdrawal of tho aforesaid fifteen lots having been sub- sequently ordered by official notification, so that Mr. Mackenzie's allotment is greatly needed to swell out tho sale to respectable proportions at all." Tho Bendigo Independent montions that " on Wednesday, as Mr. Bernard Ward and his workmen were engaged in making a cutting for the formation of the new Sheepwash road at Grassy Flat, they carno upon a skeleton at a depth of twelve feet from tho surface. From the appearances it presented, it is con jectured that it must have been buried for ten or twelve years, probably in tho earliest days of this gold-field," Tho Warrnambool Advertiser stales that " the body of Mrs. Fceny, who was drowned in the Merri on the night of Saturday, 12th uH, at Cassid} s punt, avas found on the morning of the Gth msfc , floating near the bank about 200 jards aboae tho punt, the pro\ailing winds having no doubt propelled tho floating body up stream lins will also account for its not being soon« discoveied, for obsera ation was confined to places below tho punt Tho body a\as in an adaanced stage of decomposition " Hie following strange stoiy appears m the Ballal at Stat -'It vail bo remembered that some time ago an hotel at Cambuan hill v as burnt to the giound, and that a body aa as found burnt toacmdei amongst the embers said to be that of tho landlord, M ho had gono into the flames to saa o sorno property. The landlord, John Bioaui, aaas the last of a group who had m the early dajs of the gold fields gambled togcthci Ono associate a\as the notorious Seailc, of the Piggoreet mur' der and of ta\ootheis, one drowned himself and the othci poisoned himself. The jury found a acrdict of 'burnt to death in (ho case of tho landlord, stating their belief that tho body Mas hw, and ' acci dentally set fire to' in that of the hotel Aiumour, which appears to baa e some foun ditton, is noav afloat, w Luch lunts at a fright ful tragedy hawng bein glossed o\er acci dental!} bj the juij as it is now said that the eli vtrcd skeleton avas not that of the landlord of the hotel, but that of an unfortunate man aihoin he had inuideied for the purpose of obtaining possession of £350 « Inch the man had upon him It is asserted that « hilo, to all ai pearana it was thought tho landlord of the hotel a\ as the man burnt, the skeleton was that of his a ictim, and that ho ha^ nig got cletu away loft the countiy foi Now Zealand shortlj aftci tho occunencc, and that ho went to europe or Amenca It will doubt less be remembeied that tbo file took placo at night, and vas supposed to ha\eoiiginatcd from a laigo flio that tho landlord lind allowed to remain lighted on going to bed , and that Ellen Clarke, tbo barmaid, avho gaa c e\ ideiice saw him rush into the flames It is said that some man who was a boarder at the hotel has at least, expicsscd his in tcntion of making au nfhdaa it, 01 s\\\ earing an information, according to tho tenor of the i amour aae ha\e stated " A certain member of tho Assembly, afeamst avhom moie than ono charge of dummjism undei tho Land Act has been preferred in the House," avrites tho Mai g botough Adie) titei, " a\ as negotiating avith a aïcllknoaan studowncr in this district foi nso and hire aï hereby he hoped to mercase and impiovo Ino horses, but a\ ould flin havo a reduction in the teims beyond tho usual allow - anco made fora specific number Aftor a great deal of persuasion oi what may be teimed ' haggling, ' tho horse breeder intimated his unwillingness to allow more than the oidi nar} discount, whereupon a happy thought struck our not too conscientious legislatoi Ho would tlnow Ins parliamentary miluenco into tho scale lhon fortifying himself w lth an alluring and scductne smile, he o\ claimed, ' Don t be hard with mo, ¡ou may vant a little parhamentai} business dono somo day '* The obtuse studownci, sooth to say, didn't sec it 'lho Albury Banner states that the ícports of pioneer piospectors in that district havo attracted the notice of a company of Ballarat capitalists, and three or moio well equipped paities baa o been sent tbero to tako stock of the aunfeious capabilities of the land The proceedings of tho prospectors aio of couiso kept secret as much as possible, but ave liai e reason to behea o that satisfactory results ha\o been met avith somuwhere m tho neighboui hood of Kyarubu as Mell as at the bettor known prospectings at Boroo As the managei of one of the parties has gone off to S} dne}, people are expecting that an application foi a mining leaoc is not unlikely to happen V.0 have Hobart lown and Launces ton pnpcis to tho Cth mst Wo aro glad to perceno that the favourable ro turns fiom the quartz obtained at the Watcihouse Reefs are likely to stimulate mining enterpnso in the island Speaking of the reef, tho Launceston Biaminei says that "the richest part of tho stono follows a well defined a em m the general mass Mr Richardson, \\\ho nirived in town on Sunday night, repoits that Mr Cohens patty had stiuck on gold, mid that all the other parties were aery sanguine of success Mr Wil hams returned from Melbourne by the Dei went on bunda}, and confirms the report pre viously leceiaed as to the assay of tho sample of quartz taken o\ er by him lho ton of stono yielded rather abo\e twenty nina ounces of gold for aa Inch hoi eceia ed about £87, being at tho rate of £2 19s Od per ounco the low puce being consequent on the laigo amount of silvei avith which the gold is alloyod The sample taken to Melbourne by Mi AVilhams ^as undoubtedly picked, but it is tho opinion of men experienced m such mattera, that tho stone might be expected toaaorago at loast from three to four ounces per ton A party of four practical miners has also como over with Mr Williams, hawng been deputed hy Melbourne capitalists to icport on tho loot Should then report be favourablo, a largo amount of Victorian cash will ho expended in opening up this roof, and in scaiching foi others A concei t took place last ea enmg in the 'lown hall, Prahran, in aid of tho band fund of the Southern Rifles Tho concert was under the patronage of Colonel Anderson, and the hall a>ns quite filled with a largo and appreciative audience Among tho ai tistes piesent aveie Mesdames Fox and Pott, Miss Easdown and Miss Peicy Eosdown, and Messrs Cope, Rouvray, Furlong, Coles, and Dwight Tbo piOL,ramme, wlulo including se^ eral selections of high class music, a\ as genoially of a popular character, and, as the audience avas a mixed ono, tho applause during the eacning atas consequently nono tho less heal ty on that account Wallaces song, " Hear mo, gentle Mantana," avns sung veiy effecti\oly by Mr Cope ; but his second effort, "lho Standard Bearer, avas sadlj a^animg m stylo and finish. Tho ballad, "Donnot Asthoro avas given with great feeling by Miss Easdown, and hoi sistei, Miss Percy Eosdoavn was desera cdly applauded for hor artistic rendering of tho scum, " Stude laVampi," from Verdi's "II 'lio\atore" Ktichon's delightful duet, "At Down of Day so Larly," as sung by these young ladies, was, perhaps, tho gem of tho« eacning, and lichly merited tho hearty encore avlnoh it received. Mrs 1 ox; sung Smg to Me a Merry Lay, ' and Bishop's avoll known cavatina, "lell mo, my neart," avith fcohng and expression. The cal atina vas encored, and in roply she gaa o "Home, Sweet Home, ' aahich is cortomly ono of her most successful efforts Messrs Coles Furlong and Rouvray also sung several songs, and each a\as avarml} applauded by tho audience Tho song, " Popping the Question," which ai as gn en with considerable humoui by Mr Dwight, a\as encored, but in gonoial lho audience avere with reference to the comic song nuisance, unusually considoiato and tits eliminating "Antony and Cleopatra " nud tho bur Iesque of " Crossing, the Line, w oro repeated last night, at tho Theatre Royal, to a tolora bly avell filled house This ovoniug, Mr Walter Montgomoiy takes a "complimon tary benefit, appearing in two pieces, "Antony and Cleopatra" and "Tho Honey moon " In the former play Mi Montgomor} will bo supported, as usual, b} Miss Clove land as Cleopatra, and in tho lattoi by Miss Bowning as tho Duchess, and Mr Coppin as the Mock Duke The mnnagomcut announce that as Mr. Montgomery is not duo in Ado laide until tho 20th inst, "it is quito pos bible" that ho will play at the Royal for a few extra nights, and, in accordance willi this notice, ave presumo, tho same bill is advertised for tomorrow (Saturda}) as for this ca ening Notice is also gi\ en, that, " in compliance with the desire of many friends, and in obedience to the law of the land which requires the theatic to be closod by («eh e o dock the performances will com monee on Saturday cvenme, at the ibsuril t nd inconvenient hour of seven o clock Messrs V eston and Hussy s cntertainmonl vlncb was upeated last night to a well attended house is of that peculiar kind that the utmost cncumspection should be exercised to prevent anj \iilc,ar double ei« tendí es or coarse local illusions from ciecp mg into it As a gcneial rule the. greatest caro seems to be manifested in this di Kction but wo noticed on one occasion lntelj rnattei of a verj doubtful natuio in troduccd in the othemiso unexceptionable eomiealitj entitled A Ghost m a Pawn Shop M o trust that suth a fault will be avoided in futuie or tho Lthiopian Opera house -«ill rapidly lose the good name it has gamed and almost uniformly deserved Some Mutual Triends was the subject of a v ory interesting lecture gittn at the Wil lmmstown Mi chaînes Institute on Ihuisday vening by Mr Robert Munay Smith Hie chair w as occiq nd by tho mayoi Mi Power lho lecturo vtas extremely clover and Mr Smith v\ as suecessful in securing the attcn lion of tho audience throughout Mr Down mo\ ed and Mi Russell seconded a voto of thanks to the leeturei which was enrnod enthusiastically A ltctuio was dchvcicd last evening in limitj Church Past Melbourne by the llov f O Vance M A on the subject of arctic evploration in aid of tho Oigan lund liefui e the lect ire was dein ercd Mr Platsltd oifcanist of St Stephen s Richmond played a \oluutiiy on lho organ and at tho conclu sion a lady momber of St Stephen s chou sang i solo Dr Tucker on behalf of tho committee and the contretation thinkcd Jh Vance for the mtercstinc, lecture ho had gitcn them lhe choir of St Stephens then stint, an anthem and Mi Pltusted played another voluntarj It tv as announced that Di Tuckei would deliver a lectuio next Ilnusday on lhe English Captn es m Abys suiia lhe lecture «as poorly attended lhere not bcnifc, abote a hundred persons pre cnt lhe City Mission Committeo held then monthly meeting on Tuesdaj in the lecturo loom of Mr Ramsay s church Mr H Cooke m the chun A note from Mi Shaw tho itnssioniry recently elected was load ni which he intimated that ho would delay ac ccpting the ofltco till ho was able, to decide bet« een this and another ollico he evpocted tobo invited to lill Sovoral lotters on the subject of tho bush mission i\ere lead and disposed of One of tho nussionai ios m formed tho committee by letter that ho had ken summoned to seivo as a juior at tho (jencral Sessions and the judge it fused to o\empt him vriicn he appealed to him on his name being called lho secrotaiy was ap pointed to correspond with tho sheuff on tho subject Hie trcasurei loported that ho bad it balance m hand of only AU los lOd and the salaries of last month wero unpaid lho treasurer was appointed to conespond with tho elim cues whoso collections were duo Dr Singleton reported that tho demand for gratuitous medical aid ni Last Colhnt,wood was as urtcnt as ov ei , that upwards of 1500 costs had been attended to during the last si\ montlis that he was moie and moro convinced every week of tho propuety of having opened the free dispensary in con ucMon with tho city mission aud that ho seriously contemplated raising £1 COO by sub scnption, to elect a buildmfc, which would seive as a disponsary¡ and also as the means of forwarding a vaiiety of benevolent and lehgious objects lho committee expressed their fciatification at healing tho fav oui ablo report Dr Singleton ga\e notice that at nc\t meeting he would move that tho/,iadu attd scale of rtinuutiation to missioiiaiics adopted at last meeting be applied to all tho agents 