THERB is a well known aphorism which fell from the lips of one of Britain's greatest statesmen at the time of that debate the result of which keeps the old country still so prosperous and progressive. This saving was in the shape of an assertion that " The true purpose of legislation was to effect the largest amount of good for the greatest number of people." This is a broad, comprehensive, liberal and enlightened view of the then much vexed question, and it will be found that in this colony of Victoria of ours now is the time to settle it at once and for ever, it is,, or should be, unnecessary to draw a comparison between the woso-nf; (stpfA 1 of the country, with it x t i n i novel industries, and thei A a 4 ing extension, with the i ujh <. i ^ /aire system of the old d y « 2 0 a , } j when Time and the grac i ^ t i c ^ I sequent upon its effluxion, were all tiiat was required to ensure the ultimate large profit. The occupier of thousands upon thousands of acres, with any amount of miles ox river frontage, had, as it were, but to breathe, smoke, eat, drink, and sleep, and as the seasons came round, that which was but simple enterprise became substantial capital. Except, indeed, in some cases where litigation or a preference for town residence unmistakeably took "the gilt off the gingerbread." The characteristics of this system of sleepy contentedness are fast fading away 1 into the shadows of the past. They are emphatically gone, like the superstitions of old—the belief in ghosts and the swimming of witches in horseponds. The "Lords of the soil" must be content to become the vassals of the spirit of enlightenment and the genius of inevitable improvement. Suit and service shall be no longer due to the owner of large "clips;" the disburser of cheques to be " knocked down," or, be it farther said, to those hitherto gigantic but highly respectable monopolies, the banks of this colony. It would bo unquestionably wrong to snv that the land laws of this country have not undergone considerable amelioration, but, as yet, much remains to be done to realise the apothegm al'uded to at the commencement of these observations. The extensive fortiiioatiou of land monopoly is, as yet, but overthrown in its counterscarps and outworks. The citadel of the system is ail but scathe- 1 1 1 \ , 1 h 'l V. 1 4 ^ 1 b ° 1 ^ ^ I O 1 "1 1 A ^ 1 >| JL 1 ! 3 t ' l e r L i ^ - j i ^ i "i j r A L a o-id 1 t- P \ I > C " t 1 1 if 1 1 ! T IL Yt a i ii 4 , C n ii or ei I ac" )iore the yerpetnai 1 t ' £ f 1 (. JL ne"t i ^ > t 11 r^ r^V i ^ V 1 i I in such a pro] through the" pery tiling can neutral, form t tiono the most The ena of i n tenure, and ii ,...... i . . . L £.33113X5.' t e > C the advantage those who dee v e •eap the benchis of : skill and mdi t „ i 'it*. -; . ' i . < V' to" t c Li i. i i a • J • t t) G t i v rv^" -> v , .so oi xae ^ J • c f e r jT-i cr ^ n ^ u 1 'j " »i v h • nr"-'' i ' ' „ > L v c c i ^e t. . " , ' v : ^ f J ,0 l .j ' ' -f y3 of V 11' i to * d ; i d > i.i h * 1 i . t !» tl O p C> . C 1 € h in ,Le A ' 1 c CJi c± J \ ^ nt au „, t 1 v ' t " . :z | < i i 1 Ii t j y it, )tO pr r i L < . r to .- ^ i 1 i i c i ^ '' o , '"h J 0 i ' o, * - I : ° i' ^ ot l ^ <. i 1 " 1 i £ „ 1 I C L^h A ^ ) Gil i 'j i _ . g t i 1 r j /j i i/T 1 uj t, 5 * f ihe Lc^ ..i^d t c\\-l w ' i. lit, , 'M.r < it i LO oo mo ntJ, and no measure coum be sound ot wnich that principle was not a permanent feature." A somewhat verbose petition, containing nine clauses besides the prayer, and signed by seventeen firms of contractors with the Government, has been presented to the Legislative Assembly. The document sets forth the losses resulting from the late dead lock ia the delay ia payment and in terms, asks for payment of interest on the sums due from the ordinary time of payments to the actual receipt of the money. True i'c is that the prayer of the petition simply requests that an enquiry may be made, but although the real object to be gained is put in a very delicate shape, it is palpable enough nevertheless. For ourselves we fail to perceive any grounds for the request, looking at it in a legal aspect. The contracts, we believe, contain no proviso as to payment of interest, and everybody knows that a charge of interest on a simple contract debt cannot be sustained in a Court of Law, however long the creditor may be kept out of his money. Interest is payable on negotiable commercial securities ; upon debts made matter of special agreement on this head, but not otherwise. We are at a loss to understand any special claim of the seventeen petitioners over any other Government creditor for the time. On Thursday last, at the Lexton Police Court, before C. W. Carr, Esq, P.M., two civil cases, two assault cases, and two cases of trespass were disposed of, as also an application for a license. The Court then adjourned. Oariag the past week the town of Avoea has been particularly lively with locomotive traffic. In additioa to the ordinary coaches, in the eariy part of the week a gaily painted vehicle made its ap- ^""—nc", vi*h c-r —fri-Tl 1 " f - — as C* , C > i I i it r I' 1 n t() ' " ii. 1 1 i l l i- [t -;t tl c i t ''on i n I. a- 1 t " i i ? Si i t , t , 1 as •-re « S C I c ( ' I >., O d»-r (f f ^ r v-i ,y t', V '•> 1 t' C 1 O 1!, C )" Li 1 lg t i ' i , C. ; n ui.il 0 i u l ) i iO" 1. z n<u , > ctam t i^e, » l j ' w n - "' * so \- 1 v. e 1 J u ' ) t f , up 1 t <j > .f i ' n i ^ ^ 1 v. h t c I ' «. 1 « J * » , , 5 1 / ly u 3t> eh f t ! _ HI, • _ llfr 1 t. ) U P it dates frcr i ^ i p i .as t c lie i > : ' !so i-c- J is he < -> ' \- 1 . i t ° j t "t r^ " od 1 _ t .. 1 ! " L's ' » will be found embodied i; our vsiiairsg vev? 3, At the local police C 1 i V !•• r, rh ^ i , 1 V. * « t 1,1 fi- ' 1 I;-- h e " ling to commit " 1 f It ha C 1- !e O'DonrieU, wl 0 u . 1 en C J ) :srge of du-y, tv 5 ng ' Cl ' am thence, havi vr ne < 1 * 11, * sgivirgs as to a ! ?.S .nside—Bergier. So s >- " A I L )o net t 1 13 he c r i ^ * r ' 1 .1 t 1 i J the rt>83 himself bket : . . . ' , . r , » a wound > } 1 c C been t I v/l.t'-> ' v, ! t 0 ' won!,-be suicide, s.nc t 0 E & much baste as possib! f i , t e * l. place at which to obfc? i 1 t ' t Te 'r' I a d " m ), ' ttcl t ? t' i " ' i i i i • ' n 1 i per u % ' e if 1 mi s pn rhc 1 f L u t_ l \ ci ti \- 1 J r r v Dht i ! r 1 ^ - ^ I „ a a -v ,-c y 6< } \ \ r > i. ' nt. ip e \ "s t V * ' . he ' ' r K i was scant, and strangely bat i ! r ' . » 6 e ex p,< f o ^he ' ' T ( " /)> t ^ ( ^ ,, r aild C G t I 1 X 1 r t -ot. g&oie; was found to b t l y e) the little pack, well t< 1 i » its r i o . 1 , > loriously, "Onward" . E " .A an ami esnfne mouths. The kangaroo made for a «> a check and threw ^ t it tailed gsroe was qu \ " * i i f o f " K t ' O r pari of the field raad t oil in the direction of Lexton, but tbe scent fai'lr*" L c ! r - </ fected end tbs select X I *» C 4 C. f UU * t alike to hounds, hers "> u , I^/B 1 c u 1 «. cf h ' s i (ted, i 1 1 1 ' of i^i i , ?as c o ' y u ^ c x 1 p ret ) v. 1 1 f ng SDin. 1 a . t. , '-> t ! f f VI i sh™ T > » p* r r -li i-Jj-X-j S. 0 but becaane c t e v monify far m cr afteni r ' i h i in q lee 1 ' •..;* 1 L was under the * i ! . t I % "sr.: nut uuiy i i > 1 OSii'- ugh good feelisg by all cl&ssss; cf o „ :1 beina: be The * 1 8 J tl t) , O 1 ^ y a® Mr Clappertoo, a>:iuu. £• rem the evidei.ee adt t - sed was driven to a in an American c i^l ha deceased, who v. i i 3k was" l&rking;," u iv.ypieu mai over cue suae of the vehicle, upon this the groom threw the reins to deceased which went round his neck. On the driver recovering from the effects of his fall, h e tracked the w aggon for a quarter of a mile on the road to the station, where he found it upset, the deceased under it, and the edge of the vehicle resting on his neck, and Smith quite dead Senior constable Brady deposed to finding the body as stated. A verdict of accidental death was returned; We have received from Messrs Law, Sumner and Co., of Swanston street, Melbourne, a capitally got up catalogue of garden, agricultural, and flower seeds, with a list of flowers having common English names. The whole publication shews extreme care in the compilation, and extends to 56 pages, excellently printed on good paper of small quarto size. There are also some instructive pieces of advice on the management of flower seed;?, destruction of insects, manuring, &c.;, &c.; Much useful information may be gathered by the agriculturist and amatuer gardener from this publication, which is embellished with woodcuts of the mangold wurzel and Swede turnip. The Land Bill (writes a Hamilton correspondent of the Telegraph), will agitate the minds of those squatters who happen to have " agricultural land of good quality" on their runs, which can be picked out by any free selectors—the squatter's, ruin, perhaps, notwithstanding. But one feature against this, to somewhat counterbalance the evil, is that the selector will not be allowed to depasture any stock on his selection until ii is securely fenced. Ey the operation of the new bill, " dummy ism" will be put an end to, and the "land sharks" craft will be in great danger, if not annihilated. Something more than a rumor has been flyin about Avoea and the neighborhood, upon the ah leged "coming to grief" in a commercial sense of Mr Hugh Glass, an universally known colonist and owner of some extensive property in this district. Like raost such phases of gossip there appears to have been much exaggeration. Anything in the shape of scandal increases by dissemination, upon the principle—or rather the want of it—of the old fable of the " Three black crows."- In reference to this subject we subjoin the following from the Melbourne Herald :—" The alleged pecuniary difficulties of Mr Hugh Glass have been the general Ulk of the town during the past few days, and several meetings have been held to inquire into the matter by those interested. Wg underhand that a meeting was held on Friday afternoon, at which were present representatives of the various banks a , "l ^ ,of I firms who have advanced money on ^ • C< i s's rr^perty, and after carefully going into •hc.rTvr it, was discovered that things were not r • ' T^ey were represented, and there is every ' . 'n <f of .in arrangement being entered into i / vl> ^ r Glass will retain his property." The A.fjts thn comments on the above subject:—" A tu my rumors have been current during the 1 t«S 'A.k or two as to the state of affairs of Mr Hugh Glass, the extensive squatter and station owner. As the interests involved in the subject matter of these rumors are very large and important, we have not thought it prudent to allude to them hitherto, but we have now the best authority for stating that a definite and satisfactory arrangement has been arrived at between Mr Glass and the banks. The balance sheet laid before these institutions, though the estate was valued at a very low valuation, sho vs a surplus of upwards of £270,000, Accordingly, the five banks interested have agreed to carry on Mr Glass for two ; years, as owing to the low price of wool and the depreciated value of station properly, a realization of the estate at the present time would be impossible." The Geehmg Advertiser says :•—"Now that the people of Aielbourne have been disabused of the i ° » ii at the rabbits of the Western district had >- ' sled by disease, the trade is rapidly ini , over two tons of splendid rabbits having I i ' -arded by rail on Monday. Mr George <i c ieceived an immense quantity, and offers t' ' 1 j idred couples at one shilling per pair, 'y ach a low figure will induce a ready sale." 1 ci i cation with the supply of wholesome, not to say dainty Lod to Avoea and neighborhood, we have to notice and commend the spirit of enterprise shewn by our townsman, Mr R. Filbey, who periodically makes long journeys to obtain fresh sea fish and oysters direct from the coast, and who has no'? become a rabbit merchant on a somewhat extensive scale. We should say that a genuine wild rabbit, let alone the Savor of one, must, be quite strange to many of our older inhabitants. 'Hie weekly meeting of the council of the Accli- matisation Society was held on Tuesday at their office. The members present were Dr Thomas Black (president), Dr Joseph Black, Count Oastelnm, Mr F. S. Dobson, and Colonel Champ, as visitor. The president stated that the trout which haA liberated in different streams of the colony ' seen by competent and trustworf v persons, the fish having attained several inches in • The attention of the meeting was again d ' 'o the subject of sericulture, for which a f<r* ( ( p the colony is so well adapted, especially rthern slopes of the dividing ranges, and it > c V ed that cuttings of mulberry trees should t r r 1 at the disposal of all persons interested in e, on application to the superintendent of the Royal Park. It was also decided that some new experiments sheuld be made to acclimatise the oyp.'er from England and New South Wales in the Victorian waters. The Railway Extension and Construction Committee t:-:ys the Argus had a regular field-day on Tuesday, and examined a considerable number of wit nesses. The first was Mr Griffin, engineer to WarI namboolshire, who submitted an imaginary section of a line of railway showing the curves and gradients which could be constructed, with rolling stock and appliances, for about £5,000 per mile, He was examined in detail upon his plans. Mr Green, resident engineer to the Victorian Railways was nest examined as to the general working of the Echuca and Sandhurst line, and the nature of its construction. General Latham, United States Consul, followed, and gave general information as to the working and charges on some of the United States Railways. Five to six cents per ton per mile was, he said, a cemmon charge for heavy goods and three cents, per mile for first class passengers ; and in construction the ballast was not so heavy as on Victorian Railways, and the stations and platforms were erected of wood. Mr Lilly was then re-examined on the statements he had submitf.ed as to the earnings of the Echuca and Sannhurst line, and by these it appeared that the earnings by mileage was—in 1868, £40,759 13s 4cl., against the average of ,£48,000 submitted by Mr Higir.botham ; but these figures left the terminal charges unaccounted for, no returns by which that expense could be calculated being at hand. Lastly, Mr Joseph Dyer explained his mode of constructing a patent railway for thinly populated countries, which has been already described in these columns. The cost of construction he set down at about, ^1,000 per mile, no ballast being used, Pearson, the bushranger, who was sentenced to death, has been respited for a week, pending inquiries respecting, the confession he has made since his condemnation. The prisoner was formerly in the army, and belongs to a distinguished family, A letter from Venus Bay to the Southern Argus contains the following :—"The inhabitants of this place and Bramfield were thrown iuto a state of great excitement on Sunday, May 24, on account of a woman getting lost in the bush. Mrs Fergus- son, with her children, one two years of age and the other ten months, living in a hut on the Bram field run, on Sunday, May 24, went to see another woman, living at Rocky Valley, on the Talia run. After staying some time, she left at three p.m., to return to her own hut, situated about three miles S.S.W. of Rocky Valley : but as the country is scrubby, she lost her way, and was in the hush from three p.m. on Sunday till five p.m. on Monday, when she managed to get to the Mount Wedge station, very much exhausted, and with only one child, having left the other in the bush. As soon as the poor woman had made Mr R. Love aware of this fact, he and Mr W. Linklater immediately started in search of the missing child, and they managed to find it at half-past nine p.m.) lying quite stiff with cold. It is the opinion of all who saw the child, that if it had not been found that r ight it would have died before morning, as the weather was both wet and cold, Mrs Jt'er- gusson must have travelled about twenty-five miles alrhough the Wedge Station is only fifteen from where she got astray. But the bewildered woman appears to hsve gone rll round the Mount, as het child was found in quite a different direction from that from which she came herself. The poor little child was was picked up on the north side of the station, while its mother came in by the- Capawanta-road, which lies south." The Argus of Thursday says :—A curious instance of what may happen to a man in Victoria occurred in the Police Court Wednesday morning. A man named William Nelson was brought up* charged with having deserted his wife. Nelson stated that he was a farmer, living at TaradaJe, About four months ago, having no work to do, he left his home for the purpose of earning some money on the roads as a carrier. He left his wife on the farm, with a good supply of flour and potatoes, also six cows in full milk, During his absence he said he hed written three times to his wife, send». ing her money each time. When he was arrested he was discharging a load, with the intention of starting for home the next day. A witness named James Pemberton stated that Nelson had baen in his employ, and bore a good character. He also corroborated the prisoner's statement that he wasjust starting to go home. The Bench remanded him to Taradale, accepting Mr Pemberton's bond for his appearance at that place on Wednesday next. How superficial observers and flippant writers, ike Mr Wentworth Dilkes, get up the materials for a book about Australia, is very well described by the Sydney Morning Herald, which says :—" A stranger drops down at Hobart Town, passes rapidly across the country, forms his estimate of the people and their tastes, looks into the public institutions—crosses to Victoria—runs over the goldfields, visits the Legislatnre, the police offices, the ports, and then degsigns to visit Port Jackson. He scans the aspect of George-street-moves along without a pause through the more populous districts, and goes home to England and writer a book!; If he told what he rearly saw, he would have little indeed to tell. But meanwhile he has picked up, in various quarters anecdotes—sometimes no doubt misstated, but often ill-remembered. These are embellished by a florid pen, and so served up in a volum, priuted in pica, with a broad margin. If the book bears a name somewhat notorious, and is brought out by publishers of influence, an edition is soon worked off. The most striking passages are extracted by the reviews, and so it goes th rough the country, repeating old scandals and' inventing new ones ! It is really pitiable to find, men professing to give an aceount of colonial life running off with such absurdities and pretending at a glance to estimate men and things of which nothing but a long acquaintance could enable them to judge." s * We have been shown a case," says the Argus^ " containing fac similes of the fourteen largest diamonds in the world, from that which is known as the " Mogul," in the possession of the Royal. Family of Russia, down to the " Schar," and including the celebrated Koh-i-noor, the historically famous Regent or Pitt diamond, and the uniqueblue diamond belonging to MrBeresford Hope. In, cutting, color, and size, these fac similes are unc'is-. tinguishable from the originals, and only want the " heart of light" to render them in all respects as beautiful. They are the property of Mr Charles Morgan, of Liverpool, have been cut in Paris, and are to be exhibited in the Public Library, by the trustees of which institution they will probably be. purchased*. 