FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1869. TnB; bill to. prevent the spread of ' "Oidiani Tuokeri," tho nature and objeots of wbidb had been already, to -somo. extent, made known and discussed among those 'most' oon oerncd, was introduced-in, the Assembly.bj j Mr. NOWLAV, on Fridjiy evening Instr, android ' a.first time. .The.next morning, at axneetirig ;| of vinegrowers held in -Albury, a resolution ii ' was unanimously carried thar. Mr. NOWLAN'S ! bill will not meet tho requirements of the j vine-growing interest; These vinogrpwers . did not, however, stop with a raero protest \ -against: what - they coasidcr.inn ill-advised , measure j by another rc3o'nlion they ' reoorded their. opinion that any measure for the suppreesi n of the disease should be oarried out under the direction of local bodies elected by vinegrowers. This expression of opinion on the'part of those who have the' greatest interest;in tho "matter will doubtless have its effeat in inducing .the Legislature to i consider well the provisions ©f tho bill they are invited to pass. It may be alleged that the vinegrowers of Albury) take a narrow view of tho question, and are not alive to the magni-' ? Jude.pf...th **i all the ? vines "in :tHe-:coüntry, -or~-tp tho-' efficiency-, of ' the ; remedy, wbiob i has been successfully applied elsewhere.'-But it would be unfair and ttnreasonable to assume that there; were none, present at the meeting : referred to able to take a comprehensive as ' well as apraotïoal view of the subject. Thai the vinegrowers of Albury are not alone in tboir objeotion to the. passing of an Act of Parliament to enforce the uso of sulphur, we [ learn from the Australasian, which, after rej forring to the aooöuuts reoeived:from New . .'"outh Wales pf. tho. aproad, of the disease", the successful application .of the remedy, and the . .proposal to introduco a^bill to render the.use ; of that remedy'? compulsory) Bay3 : "Wp t$ust I thero will > be no neoessity for,thia legislative interfcrenoe to make 'men' attend to their own ' interests-although,' indéëd,J after tho Treasop Felony Bill, wo should not be earprise'd^at any interfcreooo with the liberty !of» the subj-1 1 -jePt iii-New South Wales." Notwithstanding ; ttc: inference ; which tho Vibtorion journalist draws from that unfortunate' mistake o ii our Legislature, r we think . tho lesson taught -by: , tho oómtnents of tholUpèrial;:'GtfvernneDt; and by our : fellow-subjeots at homo and in sister -colonies, has'not been lost; and "thaT the Perliamonli pf New Sputh;WalcB will .be more on their guatd for tho iutu'ro against hasty .legislation.. . '. vv- rt?- j , The evidénoe* furnished of.'the rapid Spread ' and devastating;effoota of the oïdium. Tuckeri demands, indeod,. prompt aotion on the part \ of vinegrowers ; and-' tho oonourrent testi- monies reoeived from England, Franco, Italy, \ Spain, and parts of this colony, oonoorning the salutary offoot of sulphur, leave no room to doubt ai to the prudonco of forthwith apply- ing this agent to tho infeotcd vines. Like various1 other -forms! of vegetable! disease, tho oïdium' consists of minute fungi, propa- gated with a/marvellous rapidUy by means of still moro minute .spore, or miorosoopio germs, of whioh thousands or millions aro " borne on thoÍ 'breeze Hha't rp'asBes over? ab iri fbpted district.' Tho disease is ârat perceived . upon tho. leaves ; " it .has " a,'whitish' mealy appearanoe, v afterwards', becoming cottony. '- ' The leaves thus attaoked ? dry,- ourl up, and . fall,, oft On the . fruit the disease appears at . first''as'a Bmall;^whitish "spot on A. single grape ; others arè sàon'âffeoteâ, and à.VoÎvet . like ¡ mass rapidly J; spioad s over, them ; beads form, at ~ tho-^ 'ends'1 ?'? of-"'- ibo ' minute J: -Bfiykßf/; i-ji&ä^, . .soonbooome filled with sp'ors." It is:manifea6 tnat'suohjan \- ènomy must.proyeiniQBt.rfifficult; .tp^oxter tai . nate or ovon;to: oheok. - It ÍB aámittedí'that ¿tho-'applioation'pf'(sulphttr pf ten requires to bétxe^eáíed Veyptfy jp .erádioatod; from[.a.'eungie yinîsr .'But/j'as it is undoubtedly,; efMcaoiouB;.to>a> ¿Wat oxtén^ 1 ftb'oró'.-n'ood bo 'no; hesitation'- in" using it. j "J "'"*. Tu'ebilllubw:bofôro7fho"L'egt8làtivô Asse mr ,bly, proposes, to rendêr^oom.^ of "sublimated sulphur, or-such other ^dressing' SB rthë ? Gdvatnor^thoy from' timo to ttdfo; direct;" ' Every owder 'bf infected' vines is . reo,ujrod,.w^out dolay^oithor.to dpstroyjth'o: ! yiupvpr,' to .BQnÙ'nfâloiï'tioihiin'eare^tbvine vnspootor/a'n'dtó^ ¡Hg vinoyards, and to "obtain a ; license to keop tho 'vinoB' for-thtí purjjós,o'; of cleansing thom. Then1 a'certain1 timo 'is allowod fpr^ dressib'g tho ; : vines-two daya forlá númbór not ¡oxr, ceeding . ¿00, 'three days ,-for 2000, : nnd; under, flftcon for, 20,000 and , upwards. Numerous penalties aro: to' Be iufllotedj 'one poand' for every .day that tho'o wner of iin |Í9oted vines 'aegleotf to áetttoj Üttm at tiré' notice to the inapeotor «nd to his neighbours : v»nl proof "^of ttiï^f»ot of the vines having been infeoted for forty.eight hours is to be held as proof that the owner know it. For broach of quarantine by removing vines from tho vineyard proclaimod to bo in quarantine, a penalty of £20 may be enforced ; for negleoting to drees vines within...the^ time, spooifled £10; for importing vine s*£ôêks7 cuttings, or seeds in .contravention of the Act, £20, in addition to tho forfeiture of-suoh vine stocks, outtings,,or seeds and their paoksgea; for neglecting to register a vineyard and the number of vines it contains £5 ; for wilfully communicating the disease, sod thiB at all events is no undue severity, ¿20 ; for removing infeoted vines £20; for failure to contribute the rate enforced 40 shillings, and an .addition of ono fifth tho amount of the rate. If penalties oould seoure obedience to ; aa Act of Parliament there need \>e no - fear about this. To carry ont this stringent measure, inspectors aro tobe ap- pointed; and OB the ojoapation of inspectors pf sheep is now happily gone, through the dis- appearance of scab, it is proposed td instal 'these ¿. gentlemen in the new ofEoe |of " inspeotors: of vines. Though tho ivinegrowers of Albury ' aro not pre ¡pared to appreciate tho qualifications ¡of these gentlemen, and insist: that " any . measure for.; tho suppression of oidium should bo'carried out under the direction ol local bodiesi elected by vinegrowers'," the : framer of the bill, and those with whom he bas taken'counsel, seem to have thought that the " experience", required in detecting thc presence of a pestilent insect in the skin ol sheep and applying tho proper remedy, is. a good ^preparation for*'the discovery of .a troublesome fungus rooting' itself on.' the leaves and fruit of tho vine. Perhaps thc word oidium, whioh appears to be derived from the Greek word ois, bidos, a sheep, suggested tho" adaptation of the inspectors of sheep for the inspection of vines attacked by thiB new disease. ? Thoso -who ohose the name had in view probably the woolly appearance of, the fungus at a certain stage ol its growth. These inspectors are to be om powered to enter any. vineyard at any timo, and "a refusal to allow him to enter, or the withholding, of information as to where vines have been planted or taken, subjoote the owner to anothor penalty of £20. Thc inspectors may grant or withhold licenses tc ! owners bf infeoted vineyards, to enable them to Jress them. When aa inspector refuses lioehee the vines must be destroyed, or the penalty of £1 a day will be incurred at long as they aro suffered to exist without s license.' - And an inspootor may plaoe any vineyard which > bo finds to bo infeoted in quarantine. . Of course a staff of inspectors sufficient tc take charge of all tho. vineyards in the colonj oannot.be maintained without a substantial fund. To próvido this, it is proposed to levj an annual contribution of six shillings pei thousand vines, from " all owners possessed of more than ono hundred growing vines per- manently planted for tho purposo of fruit bearing." . Alter looking into the provisions of thif bill, it oan hardly be wondered at, that vine growers should be unwilling to be incon- siderately placed under tho burdens and liabilities to which it would subject them, With a sheep inspector as primary judge ic every oáeo of supposed oidium, and a court ol petty, BCBBtons, in whioh there may bo not one magistrate who understands tho nature ol the vine, as tho only tribunal of appeal-wit! .anannual,taxation of six shillings for ever¡ thousand vines, and a list of ponulties, to some of; whioh, a more overs ¡gut,on his own part, oi a groundless 'surmise by an inspeotor, maj expose, him-and with the nooessity ol admitting tho -inspector, at all timet into" their vineyards; tho vinegrowerB weuld probably find this bill an intolerante yoko, But we trust .it. will not bo passed, or at all events that time will be given for a discussion of-its-provisions and un expression of opinion on the part bf ;tho vinegrowors. Surely thej who know;tho vast injury that m»y befal them from, tho?. aproad;of. tho disease ' have sufficient motives to ase a known and reliable remedy.;. _'_? ^ ANNIVERSARY REGATTA, 1869. - There was a full attendance of the committee last evening at Tatter- sall's, for the completion of arrangements. Captain Elmslie having offered to place his magnificent clipper ship, the Sobraon, at the disposal of the committee as flagship, it was decided to accept the offer, and it was notified that the steam life boats, imported by Captain Elmslie, would ply about the river upon the occasion. Tho services of the band, of H.U. 50th Regimen! wero also, by. the ,'Colonol and officers, offered thc committee, and accepted with thanlia. The -followingi -IIB Í.'.A'.I list' of en'ries :-Dingies: Four entries. Gentlemen amateure : Elvira, . -Star.-Ghost Stella,-Adelphi, Barb.- Sailing dingies: Flying Scud. Tim "Whiffler, Alice, Barb, Duke. Sail- ing Bkiffs: Cur'ow, Friendship, Katey, Sueey, Desde- mona. Youths under 18 yearn of ago: Not sufHciont entries..; . Champion ltaco: W. Hiokoy, J. Dunnett, Rlohard Green. Yachts: Mistral, Xarifa. 2nd Class Yachts: Pert, Vivandière, Mischief, Peri, - Nereid. Open Boats : Bronzowing,, Ixion, Foam, Jarreauxe. All-comers handicap, pulling ECUIIS in light skiffs. Amatoura that havo novor etartod : Stella, Albert, Tarragon,' Adelphi'; ?' Volunteer, Victoria, Barb, Zoo, Amateurs under 21: Barb, Tirragon, Albort, Fisher- men,' .Hope,,Friendship, Naomi. It was also decided to havo a third clasa yaoht race, entrance's te bo re- ceived, up to 12 o clock to-morrow at tho office of -R-Driver; Esq.; secretary, Pitt- stroet. MATCH.-Ámatch Is to.como off at Randwick, on Friday,.6th February,, at 5.30 p.m., between Mr, B liker's b'g Chunipkin and Mr. Service's b g Blanket ; 2 miles, 10 st 7 lbs, . Tho amount of stakes has not b.'en mentioned. , . PONY RACIS, AÎBEET GBOUNB.-Tho committee for thtao races met Inst evening, at Tattersalls Hotol, and received the-following ontrios:-Pony ra^os, for ponies of 14 hands-Firefl7,' Traveller, Maritana, Rabin Hood, Jorry,,-Alice, : Lady Elizaboth, llippor, Gay Lase, Jenny: Lind,. Tomboy. Plumduff, Ponies of ,18-hands -Paddy, Edith, 0>rn,! Sultana; Lady Kingston, Quail; Lady Elizaboth,' Oossaok. ACCIDENTó'Ñ'l?»ú0itT Barbais -Between 0 and 10 o'olook yesterday'.-.mbrhing, .as a gontWman namod Elliott was riding bvor Byrmo'nt'Bridgo,hie hqrso shied ) suddonly ait a piece of pnpor,' .whioh was blowing' aeróse the-bridge,' and :threw hiin violently on to the back.of his hoad. ' Ho laid for eoms minutes insoa , aiblo' biforo lie'reviTod, his head being muoh cut and ,lacerated. Tho. horse was, a vory quiet auiraal, and Mr»EUiôtt waB'groätly surprised,.,at his eonduot, say i.jog,,..that,, hö .-had .neyer., kno'w'n him . to behave ¡aa, jaoíóto. .. He', did'not.',attempt to, run ! away, but ^allowed Mr. Elliott to catch him without the least ¡diffljjuHy.'an'dn^ ho had jrcMjyqd, Iha't'-gontlbmop/mbun^edi ,nnd .returned to. Sydnoy'.' Subscq'ucntly,'lth'0wevgr,j hb'booamo' con ^.dprably^,^wprso, ", nhd ., 'j had' 'Mo : boj ,.o inducted : trame,-,,, in., ,ia. almoist ./Unconscious, "condition.. Hj.ia v)t .present siifloring .much irom tho wounds Hof feöeivod, alth'ouKh ,itj is nbtilik'oly.' that oby pprinit nent injury will be ! oausod .to him^ through .thom:-^' .On . Monday, last a' horse'shied ' at a' pioco /of jjpaper .also/ blowing /along tho - ..liridgo, bjcarae. reativq' had' unmánagoabló, and' filially,: tho gif tbs of tho saddlb bursting,; tho' rldor was thrown, ut fortunately .without sustaining any serious injury. Too muoh oars cannot bo taken ' in hooping tho bridgo1 'otaar of all ligbi matoridis likoly to biow about, as it i is will known that oven the best tempered horses! aro rffi^'f&i; fte wlihBnftQTeWÜOa """j118 8 