Aa Assassin in Berlin Cathedral. (From the Times' Correspondent.) Berlin, August 11. "I believe in God the Father, God the son, and God the Holy Ghost," "You lie!" A shot, a cry, a general commotion. On Sunday, August 8, in the presence of a numerous congregation this sacrilegious scene was enacted in the Cathedral. Church of Berlin. The Rev. H. Heinrici was standing before the altar reciting the Belief, when a young man, rising from a front seat and interrupting the clergyman, gave him the lie, and at once discharged a pistol at his breast. The next moment he was in the hands of the sexton, and quietly suffered himself to be led away to tbe vestry. A portion of the congregation, seated at a distance, having only heard the report and seen the curling smoke, without any definite notion of what was going on, immediately began to move towards the door, and creating considerable tumult; but those near the altar, who had been witnesses of the daring attempt, retained their seats. . In preserving their Composure they, but imitated tbe noble example of the clergyman whose life had just been placed in such jeopardy. The Rev, H. Heinrici was unhurt; nor had the moral fi-mness of the man whose body the ball had missed been shakes. No sooner had thetrying interlude, the details of which seem to have been observed with ter- rible distinctness by those near, come to an end.than the intended victim calmly resumed reading the Creed, and with rodonbled fervour, proclaimed that Belief the utterance of which had imperrilled his life. After this the service was continued in sccerdance with .the pre- scribed ritual. The Rev. H. Heinrici left the altar, when the Rev. Dr. Kogel ascended the pulpit and preached a sermon, in which be introduced a passage expressive of his thanks to God for the miraculous escape of his clerical brother. Quiet had been speedily restored, and the greater portion of the congregation, agitated as they were by the most powerful emotions, left the church only after the final benediction. In the meantime the criminal had been conducted by a policeman to the nearest station, and examined by a superior officer. To all tbe questions put to him he replied with the utmost frankness and composure He said:- "My name is Biland, I am 19 years of age, a. Protestant, and the son of a blacksmith, in the village of Lank, county of Lower Barnim, a few miles from Berlin. My parents sent me to a grammar-school, wishing me to become a candidate for the ministry in the established Church. But my eyes were soon opened to the falsehood of the creed I was expected some day 00 teach, and my dislike was increased to disgust when I perceived that many of those professing to believe it were liars at heart, I refused pursue a career which had become so hateful to me, and relisted all attempts of my parents to force me to persevere. Eventually I saw myself left by them to my own devices, and began to study art— the dramatic art, I mean. I wished to become an actor and to preach to the public in my own way; but the religions mendacity rampant around me gave me no rest. Some I saw uttering deliberate un- truths, while others, knowing them to be such, listened with contemptous indifference. Gradually I taught myself that some strlking deed was indispensable to rouse the public mind from its apathy and chase away the mists of superstition, I, therefore determined to seize the first favourable opportunity that offered for shooting a clergyman while in the act of uttering his accused perjuries. I have done it I have myself cast the ball and done my best to render the shot fatal I am sound in body and mind, and scorn the saggestion that I have acted under the disturbing influence of temporary insanity. I perfectly knew what I was about, and am convinced there are many able to comprehend the disinterestedness of my purpose, though they may, perhaps, not approve the method chosen to compass it. My design was to shoot Mr. Heinrici, and I was pre- pared to pay the penalty of the deed" Such in substance was the statement of the reckless, misguided young man. Inquiries seem fully to confirm his words. His having missed at a distance of three paces at first gave rise to the surmise that he had fired with blank cartridge ; bat it is only too true there was a ball in the barrel. The course of the ball has been exactly traced. Passing- within an inch of the clergyman's heed, it penetrated the open balustrade of the gallery, ia which the Dom Chor— celebrated for its vocal performances — was stationed, and grazed the cheek of one of the choristers, a boy of 12, The little fellow, although his cheek instantly began to swell, did not leave the church, but sang his alloted part to the end. The Prince Admiral Adalbert, the only member of the royal family preseat, when the service was over hastened to espres his sympathy to the two clergymen and the little chorister boy. The event throws a light upon the sad state of re- ligion in this country. I am afraid the prisoner was right in supposing that many will appreciate his mo- tive, though they will abhor the deed I have previously stated in these columns that three -fourths of all educated men in Germany are estranged from the dog- matic teaching of the Christian creed - estranged from it to the extent of disbelieving the sincerity of many of the clergy. Only a small fraction of the nation attends Divine service the educated men, more es- pecially, yon meet in church on a Sunday are few and far between. 