THE STAGE. "The best in this kind are but Shadows." — Mid- scmsieb Night's Dbeam. Mr Chapman has enjoyed a fair amount of patronage at Weston's during the past week, and, as wizards go, I dare say he deserves it. I don't care much about modern wizards mvself. as they are mysterious without being supernatural. However, there can be no doubt that young people— very young people— like wizards, and take their papas and mammas to see them. This is true in Mr. Chapman's case. What I like 'best in Mr. C. is his quaint, off-handed way of talking, and introducing his sleight-of-hand. He is gradually improving the capacity of his audiences to understand his puns, which some people could not at first, and which puns are at once simple and — anything you please, except difficult to understand. But. then, you see, the Athenians are such a quick, 6krewd set. I hare, or had, much to say this week, and, perhaps, I shall not get through it all. The Press is an institution which will not wait, and it map happen, in the present instance it does happen, that a "critic" may have to sit down and write "iu a humour." Critics, you know, even at the best, are but — no, gentle reader, not men, as you expected me to add, — but shadows, just us much as actors are, vide the motto at the top of this paper. So, then, let shadows have their humour — "Gentles, do not reprehend : If you pardon, we will mend." In medias res, with Richard of Gloucester — that wretched, mangled olla podrida yclept Colley Cibber's version. Why it keeps its place 011 the stage I cannot think, unless it be to show the English, to their shame, how little they really care for the acted works of their own mighty poet. How I detest that interminable scene with Henry of Windsor, Henry YI., most sweet Athenians, which opens the play. I suppose it was meant as a foil to the bloody Duke's entrance in the following scene. For Rogers' sake — not Mr. Higinbotham's Rogers, excellent Athenians, but Mr. G. H. Rogers — for his sake, as he played the King well, we will say no more about it. Shakspere's own tragedy, the real " Richard the Third," is a magnificent work to read, and I can not see why it should not be equally so to act ; but distinguished men say it is not. That Colley Cibber's play acts well, no doubt, always except ing that abominable drawl at the beginning, and the " sensation " scene iu which the young princes are lorn from their mother, in the fourth act. -I never can stand these two scenes, the latter, especially, but withdraw from the house while it is going on. Last night I saw a bit of this "agony" scene, enough to be able to record my strong, my real, honest — I am so honest — appro bation, bah! admiration— of Miss Eioise Juno's Queen Elizabeth. How very handsome Miss Juno looked, and how well she played all through not overdoing anything, and at the same time not underdoing it, Athenians. Her fine, tall, shapely' figure, marked features, and good voice, and her graceful carriage conveyed to me the best notion of Elizabeth Woodville I have yet been able to form. I really am exceedingly obliged to you, Miss Juno, do you know ? Herr Bandmanu's Gloucester is an excellent conception of the part, so far as evenness of style aud consistency go, but more tinged, perhaps, with the melodramatic manner than the strictly classical fancy might approve of. My own taste being anything but classical, inclining rather to the romantic, I like Herr Bandmann's Richard prodigiously. I don't like these exaggerated ex pletives, these forced metaphors — prodigiously but let it pass ; English a little scratched, that's all. There is not much subtlety about it. Richard is pretty plainly the villain all through. But Herr Baudmann gives you a good idea of his tremendous force of character, his iron will, liis unflinching purpose. We fancy to see him as he mutters to himself — " I'll make my heaven to dream upon the crown, And, whiles I live, to account this world but hell, Until my mis shaped trunk that bears this head Be round impaled with a glorious crown." In the opening soliloquy we see Gloucester de liberating calmly upon his position, reviewing his plans, forecasting and already in will execut ing the future. In the scene with the king he veils his purpose at first with a grim and soldierly bluutness, as though the " bloody deed " were forced upon him by Henry's recriminations, the hypocritical interjection — "Think'st thou I am an executioner ?" was excellent, and when he does slay him, the sudden ferocity is really superadded to the cool preconceived intention. This scene alone would etamp Herr Bandmann as a thorough artist. He came there, we see at once, to murder Henry, but the victim himself excites him to the act at the particular moment. This I call masterly acting. Of the wooing scene with Lady Anne I thought less favourably. Miss Ev.,us was stilted, without being impassioned, and perhaps this had some thing to do with it. Neither did I like the burst of laughter Gloucester breaks into when the scene is over. Herr Bandmann gives us the samo laugh exactly in Iago now and then. It is a little too melodramatic in quality. " The scene with the Lord Mayor was another fine piece of ac6« But it was as nothing compared with the final break with Buckingham. The change was marrellous. The rapid dialogue with Stanley, the impatience, the gathering frown, the plucking of his robe around him, the cold but bitter mockery, mixed with that kind of subdued rage which made a Plantagenet in Ins mood not unlike the tiger about to spring, the gleaming iron iu the eye, and ihe last contemptuous rejec tion of the Duke's suit, mixed of kingly diguity, pride, scorn, and insult, all this could scarcely, in my opinion, be surpassed. The famous ghost scene was no less a triumph of the actor's art. The agony of terror, guilt, and utter confusion of thought for the moment, as if, indeed, he had seen the phantoms of another world face to face, and heard their icy voices, was depicted with a power of facial expression and tone of voice I never Eaw equalled. Richard literally breaks away by main force from his fearful visions, his soul astonished, his whole body convulsed — " Cold fearful drops stand on my trembling flesh." It was grand acting. I should like to go on to speak of other excellences, but I have not space, and can only say further that Herr Bandmann dresses the character both appropriately and, in the final acts, magnificently. He introduces a few different readings, which appear to me to be improvements, and he com pletes liis merit by making Richard halt, as the text docs, and as most actors, who are not of Herr Bandmann's conscientiousness, do not. Upon the whole, I feel bound to place Richard among lierr Bandmann's portraits, and to accord it not only a place among his beat impersonations, but to pronounce it the completest and therefore the greatest Richard we have yet wituessed on the Melbourne boards. I hope to see it again aud again. Herr Bandmann was repeatedly re called. I do not know where, or why, Mr. Stewart studied the part of Catesby, but I must compli ment him upon it very highly. Dress, manner, the curt enunciation, the reserve so becoming to the soldier, and above all, the shrewd soldier and confidant of Richard of Gloucester, were ex cellently expressed. Of Miss Juno's Queen Elizabeth, I have already spoken. Mr. Ireland's Buckingham was good, but he could have made it yet more effective, had he pleased. It is just one of his parts. Mr. Leathes fulfilled the minor duties of Ralcliffe attentively, as he always does most of his duties, aud I need not say he dressed the part well. The Lord Fernando Yillabella of Mr. Greville made its usual impression on the audience. Mr. Warde's Stanley is completely erased from my memory. Miss Blanche Clifton was by no means the least agreeable Duke of York I have 6een. Mrs. Wooldridge succeeded in uu-duchessing the Duchess of York very suc cessfully. I think Mr Claremoiit. presented Tressell, and the playbill reminds me that Mr. Humphreys Mr. Barllett's Richmond was young, vigorous, and exceedingly well-spoken. I rather imagine Mr. Bartlett studies diligently, aud that he has a laudable reverence fur the lines of Shakspere in their integrity, a custom with too many of our actors, more honoured in the breach than in the observance. Last, but not least, like a lady's postscrijrt, Miss Rose Evans. I have seen few actresses who had it iu their power to make, in all points, a better Lady Anue, and I never saw any actress who, possessed of the power, chose less to exert it than did Miss Evans on Monday night. Herr Bamimami hath appeared also this week as Don Caesar de Bazan, in the play of that name, but I that night was absent, as befell, bent on a voyage towards the gates of Heller, the magician, from whose prestidigitation, pianoforte- playing, and from the marrellous clairvoyance of whose sister, Miss Haidee Heller, I have not yet wholly recovered. Being completely under the wizard's influence, I became clairvoyant myself, and seemed to see the Herr as iu a dream, putting on his hat, and exclaiming, " I am the King of Spain," amidst twelve rounds of applause. I also saw Miss Juno as Maritana, and Mr. Warde ill-treat ing Don Jose, and heard Miss Docy Stewart singing Lazarillo, and then suddenly I felt as though I had been eating of lotos fruit, and I re membered no more. Mr. G. H. Rogers, who was playing the part of some antiquated nobleman, tried to keep me awake, but in vaiu. " Break we our watcli up." I had meant to speak of things before the curtain — of things behind it, so far as they are properly to be spoken of before it — of the extreme liberality shown by "the most critical public in the world" in pa tronising the dress-cirele, and of their discrimina tion when there — more of Hamlet's " advice to the players" — a word or two on the ethics of criticism — and of other matters hereunto pertain ing but " The glow-worm shows the matin to be near, And gins to pale his uneffectual fire." These things must be remitted to next week. " Brief let me be." FIGARO. Not Mr. Nay er's. — F. It has beeu agreed by the councils of Emerald Hill and St. Hilda, to request the Legislature To allow Ferrers street to be continued from Emerald Hill to St. Hilda ; the road to be one and a half chains wide, and a reserve half a chain in width next to the railway to be planted. TWre will thus be on a frontage to the pafrk.- 