THE CATHOLIC JUBILEE. . Last evening -the Jubilee of the. .Catholic Church Was opened by lho;Rev. Father Slattery, at: tho ? Church of St. Mary, Hargreave-streot, who before ?t'ie benediction of tho most, lioly sacrament, preached an eloquent? sermon, taking liis text form the 25th chap; of Levitious, from the 8th to l3th verses. ? The? rev. Father com-, monced liis discourse by explaining the chief: fenturcs of the'year of jubilee under the Jewish dispensation. Pope Boniface VIII., lie said,: introduced jubilees into tho Catholic Church in the year 1300. At, first" thoy woro fixed to take place every fifty years, as thoso of tlie Jews, but this was: afterwards changed into intervals of .thirty years, 'and again to intervals of twenty-five years. 'During the. present century, however, it lmd been the. custom to proclaim jubilees on spe cial occasions, when the Church required tho . special interposition of God and the speoinl aid of his Divine grace. There wore, said the rev. preacher, scoffers and contemners who enden- \- voured to lnugh to scorn the proclamation of a jubilee by tile Church, but tlio faithful saw in it ?a divino origin, and those who scoffed did so at their God. - The sermon eoneludcd with an elaborate argument ?on the power of theChuroh. to forgive sin and remit the punishment duo to it. He quoted from St; John the Evangelist, and urged that according to the words of the text Christ, as the son of man, said to the sick of tho palsy — " Thy sins be forgivon tlieo and proved tlmt the son of man on earth (not- as the. son of God from Heaven) had powor to forgivo sins, by saying to the afilictedman,?" Ariso ; take up thy bed and walk," and- moreover tlmt tho multitude went away praising God, who lmd given suoli power to men. The. authority to forgive sins had?been distinctly, given to the Apostles, and that it was intended to perpetuate it was evident. from Christ, nt the same, time ns ? lie. conferred ..the power, sending them to preach to all nations; and promising to be with thora to the end. This coqM 'not mean to confine the instrpotiona and' . ' i powor to tliom only, but continuo it to their sua- oessors. Thore woro hundreds of Christians who flippantly repoatod the Apostlos' oreed : " I believe in tbo Iloly Ghost, tho Holy Catholic Church ; the communion of SaintB ; tho forgive ness of sins but who as flippantly denied the truth of: the very words they spoke. As to 'the romiasion,- of sins, for 1800 years Christondom had rosounded with tho words, "Thou art Pe ter, and on this rock I will bnild my ohurch. Whatsoever thou shall loose on enrth shall be loosed in Heaven, and whatsoever thou ahajl bind on earth shall bo bound in Heaven." Those, 'words would resound: ns: long ns Christ was with them, eVen-to the end of time. Tho objeot of tbo jubilee was to make special intercession to Go"(l to ,'give his guidance and grace to the sovoroign Pontiff at tho great Council which was now ou tho vory eve of assembling. This could only be obtained by tlio fulfilment of Christian duties by the members of tho Ohurch and earnest prayer. 'At the benediction of the sacrament, the Roys. Father Moore and Maonamara as sisted, and tho- full choir was called into requi sition. . 11 . . .. ... .. . ,, j 