THE LATE REV. H. DOWLING. A friend has handed to us for publication the following address which was presented to Mr. Dowling, "on his closing the monthly lecture at No. 18, Aldermanbury, London, previous to his going to Van Dieman's Land." It is copied from a little penny magazine entitled Zion's Trumpet, September, 1834, and will be interesting at the present time: Beloved Brother in Grace Relation and in the Fellowship of the Gospel, - We bow the knee to holy thanksgiving to our covenant God, for the grace gives you to preach amongst us the un- searchable riches of Christ, which has been in the demonstration of the Spirit and with power, to our instruction, consolation, and joy, in the mys- teries of God. We bless our God for all the grace bestowed upon you, in uplifting amongst us the glorious acts of Godhead, revealed in the person, grace, and salvation of our glorious Head, husband, and Surety; and that your preaching has been attended with the unction and power of the Holy Ghost. We thank you for all your labor of love, that you have sought us, and not ours, that you have freely proclaimed amongst us the gospel of his grace, and God has very specially crowned your tes- timony in the rich communications of his love to our souls. Though absent in the body, you will live and die in our affectionate remembrance. We have watched with you the hand of God, in your removal to the regions beyond us, we have marked the concurring circumstances that have opened the pathway, and bow to his sovereign will who has we trust, destined you to preach Jesus and his great salvation in that distant part. - We commend you to God; we pray for his overshadowing protection, presence, and blessing; our hearts' desire for you is, " Send now, O Lord, I beseech thee, send now prosperity." May he crown all your future days with the greatest nearness to himself, with large dis- coveries of his endless love, with the outpouring of the Holy Ghost in testifying of Christ and his vast salvation, and give you a peaceful departure in conscious acceptance in the Beloved. We now present you with this testimony of our affection, and pray the God of all grace, who has called us to his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, may bless you in person, in your family, in your mission, and render you a great blessing to his church in Van Diemon's Land. Amen and Amen. The following lines were sung by the congrega- tion at Enon Chapel, Woolwich, on Sunday evening, July 13, 1834, after a sermon preached from Jude, v. 24, by our esteemed brother, who sailed on the following day for Van Dieman's Land, in the 54th year of his ages Brother, beloved in Christ our Lord,, We wish you well in his great name; Across the seas go spread his word,, And all his wondrous love proclaim. It distant lands, away from us, The heights and depths of grace unfold; Your theme, your boast, Christ and his cross, To rich and poor be daily told, May He who holds the stormy wind, And rules stern Ocean's restless deep, With you be near, in yours be kind, And all your souls to safety-keep. Though now we grieve to say, farewell I And feel it hard with thee to part, One thought our rising sorrows quell - If scatter'd wide, we're join'd in heart. 'h God the Lord, the Great Three One, Thee we commend in holy love; An d when the toils of life are done, Us may you meet in Heaven above. B. S. 