Residents in these districts have received abundant proof that it is much easier to project an association than to establish one. In Gundagai, Tumut, and Adelong. a variety of schemes for the benefit of the district or districts have at various times been propound ed, preliminary meetings have been held at which, speeches setting forth the advantages of the project under consideration have been delivered, resolutions have been adopted, and . probably.a commmittce to consider the best means of raising the funds requisite to. carry out the comtemplated undertaking has. been appointed. In nine cases out of ten after this stage has been reached nothing more has ever been heard of the matter. We could enumerate jnany hopeful schemes that have thus collapsed ; but wa sea no good purpose that would be answered by recalling the phantoms of defunct projects or the ghosts of good intentions unfulfilled from the oblivion to which they have departed. Out object in adverting to. this topic is to. urge the wisdom of supporting associations that have passed through the preliminary ordeal, and have attained to actual existence, instead of projecting, fresh, societies for the same end. As a case in. point we may ^efer to, an advertisement that appeared in the last issue of this journal, intimating that a public meeting was to be held this, week in Tumut for the purpose of forming a Cattle ' Stealing Prevention Association. All must acknowledge that residents in pastoral and agricultural districts should unitedly endeavour by every means in their- power to aid in the suppression of this prevalent arid- demoralising 'Crime, which so often forms the first stage in vice of the future bushrangers? ; career ; but a society for this purpose is already in existence. More than a year ago (sometime in June 18G8) a meeting was held at Adelong, presided over by Mr .D. F. Johnston, and at which many squatters of tho Tumut and Adelong districts attended, for thepurpose of establishing the Adelong, Tumut, and. Gundagai Cattle JSteal ing Prevention Association. Meetings subse , quently took place at Tumut and at Gundagai, committees were appointed, office-bearers elected, rules adopted, funds subscribed, and in fact the association, survived the trying period of, project, and became- an established fact; In proof of our assertion that this society still exists, we may mention that on the 21st ult.; an advertisement appeared in this paper, signed by the Secretary, Mr. H, Sharp, offering a reward of .£25 for information that would lead to the conviction of anyone stealing horses, cattle, or sheep the property 'of any member of the association. Such being the case,, what is the use. of attempting to organise ^another association for tho some purpose, only apparently to be confined solely to Tumut.?. . The wishes and interests of all respectable residents in the three districts are certainly identical as regards the suppression of cattle stealing; and a society that commands 'their united support will surely be more likely adequately to' fulfil the purposes for which it is established than, a minor one, confined to. one locality. If the existing Cattle' Stealing 'Prevention Association has. not exhibited signs of active vitality of late we must blame the apathy and' want of support of the general public for 'this. It has not been dead but sleeping, and can easily be stimulated to fresh energy and' exertion. We strongly- deprecate an attempt to organise another society for the prevention of cattle-stealing while the present survives ;- it can answer- no end except, possibly, that of affording someone burdened withwords.orlackingoccupation^snopportunity of talking in public or. of scribbling in private. If the residents of the Tumut district,, or of Adelong. and Gundagai- desire to. aid in the suppression of cattle- stealing they have the ?opportunity- of joining the association already established/- the regulations of which haye been printed and- will be issued to all members or intending members; and if this society does, not meet with adequate, support it is manifestly absurd to. attempt to establish ' another that has even less chance of sucoesa.. ' If the present Parliament were young- and vigorous, instead1 of aged- and rapidly, tending *;. to inevitable diBSolutidn.it might be interesting ? to speculate on how the Ministry would fare ' during, the 'ensuing Session., They have a difficult ordeal to, encounter, as they v\\]\ not ' only be called-to account for what they have done, but will have to'announce their intentions (? to what they will be requested to, do, Amongst the former class is tho retrenchment policy thnt has been inaugurated during tho recess. - Tho measure has acted as such' measures generally do, not on the large salaries of those at the head of the Civil Service, but qn the small ones of those at the foot, and to these its operation is apparently to be confined. Certain country stipendiary Magistrates have been disrated, the fees of Clerks of1 Petty Sessions have been reduced, the district registrarships pf births, deaths, and marriages being handed over to them in com pensation j the police service has been altered and not improved; a compassionate project has been mooted of hiring out 'well-behaved old inmates pf Benevolent Asylums who have some remains of health and strength, as servants, 3s. a week being paid by Government towards their wages, until they are quite used up ; and, tho ' ingenious, idea has been broached of economising in the maintenance of lunatics by boarding simply- idiotic, or harmlessly cranky patients, with relatives, at 10s a week per head. Such are the main features of this statesmanlike scheme. If retrenchment — which is a necessity — cannot be effected other-, wise than by these pitiful, paltry . expedients we presume they m\ist be acquiesced In ; but if such is the case the colony has come to a very sorry pass. Some explanations will probably bo required relative to. this measure when Parliament re-assembles, and as Mr. Bobeetson informed a deputation from Young that the rule adopted as regards the diminution of Police. Magistrates had been to discard those recently appointed and retain those who. had been longest in the service, some members may desire to learn where Mr. C. Cowpee, Junr., acquired the Magisterial seniority that entitles him to preside at Fort Bourke.. Passing from what has been done to what is desired to he done, we find that both squatters and free selectors agree that the Land Laws require amendment, and that each class desires the alterations, made to. be such as will enable them to acquire their land on easier terms and afford greater, certainty of tenure. The free-selectors near Albury, indeed, have quite settled that Government ahould thankfully accept ten per cent, per annum for, ton years on the amount they owe for land in settlement of their obligations to. the State. This amount is 15s. per acre, on which sum they have now to pay five per cent interest ; but they desire to clear off this 15s. an acre by ten annual payments of Is. 6d.. pn'each acre, which are to extinguish claims for principal and for interest. It is a novel conception, and if carried out would at least benefit free-selectors. Then again wo have the question of railway exten sion. We residents of the Southern districts desire the railway to be carried on from Goul burn to the Murrumbidgee — for the national benefit, of course— the poople of the Western districts wish their line extended, and so do the Northern folks theirs. Doubtless the Southern railway is the one that should be pushed on- j but it is equally certain that any Ministry that proposes to do so without extending the Western and Northern lines will encounter strenuous opposition from the representatives of the neglected districts. When we add that the 'ad valorem' duties are expected to be diminished,- the Newspaper Postage Act repealed, public works prosecuted, public debts provided for, and that without further taxation, the colonial revenue is required to show a surplus of income over expenditure, we have given some idea of the difficulties the Ministry would have to encounter, and the problems they would have to attempt to solve if this were a Parliament commencing its career. Being in its last session, and moribund, it is not likely that the solution will be attempted. Probably after the usual fiery contest for place between the Ins and the Outs some provision will be made for current expenses, and the members of the present legislative body will pass through the Medea's caldron of general election. It is to be hoped that from this ordeal a rejuvenated and vigorous Parliament will return, prepared to legislate for the benefit of the country, and to avoid needless wrangling, place hunting, and party strife. 