THE THEATLRES. "Let hlim bear the palm who has won it." The Spanish gymnasts have concluded thlleir engagement at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, and it is to be regretted that they were not better patronised. Mir. Frank Drew appeared hereon Saturday night, for the first time in Melbourne, in his ' favourite character of Rip Van Winkle. Of Mr. Drew's performance of this character a good deal can be said, and that too in his favour. His first appearance is lively and frisky, the "same old drunk"'': being well kept up through the piece. His appearance and make up after his twenty years' sleep is certainly second to none that we have had here, and his acting and delivery when he discovers that his wife is dead secured for hlim agood round of applause. Mr. Drew is to be complimented for keeping within the proper limits and not overstepping the bounds of decency. Mlr. Rogers deserves praise for his rendering ofKnicker booker. Miss D. Stewart was decidledly too childish in her make up for his wife. Mr. Claremont makes Herman Van Slaus a decidedly heavy villain. Mr. Stewart made the most of Seth. Tihe burlesque of Masaniello has concluded the per formance, Mr. Stewart appearing as the hero His make up reminds you very much of Mr. Squires, and hiis imitation at the close of the piece of various artistes is very clover. Mr. Floxmore as Fenella is very good, while Miss M. Stewart, as Alphlonso, is far too tame, in fact, you are in doubt as to whether she has just awoke from a sleep, oreis going into one. Miss Bentley, as Elvira, pleases certain portions of the house with her peculiar style of dancing. The burlesque, on the whole, however, is very fairly placed on the stage, but it is far too long after a three act drama. Wcston's Opera Troupe having vacated St. George's HalJ. Mr. Chapman, with his spirits, has taken up his abode tllhero, and evidently in tends to make a lolng stay, if we may judge from the numbers that attend his performance every evening. Mr. Chapman has a peculiar style of address, very similar to the late Artemus Ward. His remarks are quaint, anud his puns are so very deep that it takes some little time to find them out, and when you find them they are not worth the trouble. Some of his tricks are very clever, more panlrticularly his solid rings, which hlie fastens and unfasteos with the greatest ease. His expositions are very amusing, and his clairvoyance, or what ever else he may -all it is, exceedingly clever. A word of praise i- also due to his assistant Willie, who materially m~rists him in his various acts. On Saturday evening Mr. Chapman will present a man in a sack tilled with ghosts, which have been im.sorted from '!ho neighbouring colonies at his special order. Weston's Opera Troupe are playing at Ballarat tovery good houses. They purpose appearing at Sandhurst next. The Spanish Gymnasts and MIr. J.E. Taylor leave for Sydr.y on Monday next, under an en gagement at the Prince of Wales Theatre,. 