THE INTOLERANCE OP THE CHURCH OF ROME. (an illustration.) The following extract is from the Pas toral Charge of the Irish (Romish) Bishops, as published in The Orthodox' Journal (A Roman Catholic periodical published in London in 1824), vol. x. 487, &c.; The editor ot the Journal introduces the Charge with the following flourish : — "We give tho following extract from this most excellent document with feelings of unspeakable pleasure. The Biblicals are furious at tho sentiments and advice given, and consider the principle despotic. All we shall say is, if to follow truth and avoid error be spiritual despotism, advocate and lover as we are for freedom ! ! we shall prefer despotism, and so wo are sure will the generality of our readers." Thia is not the first time we have heard of slaves preferring bondage to liberty, nor do wo suppose that it will be the last, but what we wish to have more especially noted is, what this writer calls " following truth and avoiding error." Here is the way the twenty-seven Irish Romish Bishops would have truth followed and error avoided : — " As to the books which are distributed by tho Biblo Society, under tho names of bibles or tes taments, or tracts/ or whatsoever names may bo given to them, as they treat of religion, and aro not sanctioned by us, or by any competent au thority in tho Catholic Church, the use, perusal. tho reading, or retaining of them, is entirely and without any exception prohibited to you. To enter into thoir merits or demerits is foreign to our purpoBo ; such of them as have come under our observation are replete with errors, many of them aro heretical, and generally they ubouud in ; calumnies or misrepresentations against our holy religion; as such thoy are to be avoided; and should any of them happen to be in your posses sion, they are to be restored to the persons who; may have bestowed them to you, or otherwise to be destroyed, except only bibles or testaments, wliich, if not returned to the donors, are to be deposited with tho parish priest. " It is not without reason, dearly beloved, that wo thus exhort and enjoin you to exclude from your houses those pernicious books, as by accept ing of them, or retaining them, you would keop in your prcscnco artful and designing enemies, who sooner or later might deceive you to your ruin. They are books, says St. Agustine, speaking of such like, from which nothing good, and much evil, can bo learned; they aro generally artful compilations of truth and falsohood blended togethor, having as their immediate object to defame or ridicule our holy religion, its doctrines, its ministers, its rites and coremonies. . "Hence, dearest brethren, such books have been, and cvor -will bo, execrated by tho Catholic church ; and licnco also theso salutary laws and ordinances, whereby sho has at all times pro hibited licr children to read or retain them ; nay, why sho has frequently ordorcd them to be com mitted to tbo flames. " Suoli prohibition of pernicious books is so consonaut to right reason, that tho voice of nature instructed Pagans to remove them from society. Rome, when immersed in idolatry, commanded by nn edict of the senate that books hostile to licr institutions should be burned in the Forum; and Athens, a city not less celebrated for her wisdom, expelled a tcnchor of impiety from amotgsb licr citizens, and condemned his works to the flames. So tho church of God, ever opposed to error and iinpiely, from her very origin, has employed all her zeal and energy in condemning false doctrines and pernicious books. Tho apostle Paul at Ephesus, prevailed on the new converts in that city to eolloet togolhcr, and burn in public tho impure and wicked books which tlicy had iu their possession. In the great council of Nice it was decreed (and the decree wus executed by the renowned emperor Con stantino) that the works of tho blasphemous Arius should bo committed to tho ilamos. The other goncral councils followed a precedent so wise and salutary. Tho writings of the impious Nestorius were condemned in tho council of Ephesus, and burned by order ol" tho emperor Thcodosius. Those of Eutyohus condemned at Onalccdon, met with a similar fate, and each succeeding age fur nishes new examples of this seasonable inter position ol' her authority by tho church, and by tlioso wiso and religious sovereigns who sceurod their own thrones, and' 'the ponce and happiness of thoir subjects, whilst tlicy lent their aid to tho suppression of pernicious books. Exclude, there fore, from your houses and from your possession, from yourselves, your children, and your domestics all. tracts and books of whatsoever description; which, treating of religion, come from a suspected sourco, or which do ' not bring, with them tho genuino sanction of thoso whom the Holy Ghost' has placed to rulo tho church of God." The Church of Rome has burned men, women, children, hooks, hones, and we know not what, heside, and has called this following tr ntli and avoiding error. From the above quotation the readers of the j Standard, and the very liberal protestants I of N. S. Wales may perhaps learn, who j i are the authors of. the "Wrongs of I j Ireland, "r" and what themselves, or their ' I children may expect, should this most t intolerant church ever obtain the do-' : ininance she . is so earnestly seeking in these lands. : ' ' J. S. 