GiiLNi'ELi,-In its weekly report upon the Emu Creek reefs, the Mining Record of Saturday last says There ports from the machines this week are as under ; At Martyn's 55 tons from the Enterprise were retorted this week, yielding 44 oz. The machines are engaged as under : Parker's on 200 tons Outward Bound, and also 200 tons of the Enterprise stone. The Brundah is still on tailings. Martyn'S is on forty tons from the Surprise. Wellington's on tailings; will stop next week for repairs. Vaughan's still on O'Brien's leased ground. The Victoria, Hall on No. 1 Result. Bevan's on the prospecting claim, O'Brien's. Clyburn'B has stopped for repairs ; will go on the Outward Bound stone next week. M'Connell's is still on tailings. Campbell's large machine is on No. 3 Wel- come, and the small one on No. 2 North O'Brien's, Seven-mile. Tho same paper writes of the rush : Washing is still going ahead pretty regularly If lots of wash-dirt, furnished from the Peep o' Day Gully. We give the yields of the undernoted claims, reserving notice of some others till next week, when several more lots will have been completed. About 100 loads from O'Brien and party's lease went nearly at the rate of half an ounce to the load. They have upwards of 100 loads still to be gone through. Kearns and party have 135 loads ready for the machines. The few block claims which had paddock washed during the week averaged returns varying from 3 to 9 dwts, per load. The miners working on the upper end of Chance Gully have not met with any luck jet. Twenty loads from Noonan and party's ground only gave 15 dwts, in all. On the 5-acre lease further down matters are equally unsatisfactory. Eight shafts have been sunk in different places, but nothing payable has yet been obtained. The 3 acre lease next! to it promises better; but the aspect of affairs generally beyond It king's lease is certainly dis- couraging. Alluvial Diggings near Ahmidalb.-Tho Armidale Telegraph reports About a week ago, Messrs. Arthur Tait and Company announced to Mr. Gold Commissioner Addison that they had discovered payable gold working near the head of M'Intyre's Flat, about nine miles from Armidale, and made application for a prospecting claim, which we believe was granted them. Since then rumours have been afloat as to a number of large nuggets having been found by the prospectors, and we have heard on reliable authority that a 6 oz. nugget has been found, as well as many smaller ones, A party who went out to visit the place yesterday informs us that there are about twenty five men and boys prospecting, and that he saw himself two small ghost-like nuggets- picked up, weighing together about li dwt. Two parties are sinking, and have reached! about ten feet. His own opinion was that the most likely place to meet with gold would be in the gully at the head of M'Intyre's Flat. The Rocky River. We understand (says the Army dale Telegraph of the 6th) that on Thursday last Commu sioner Addison, under special authority of the Government, visited the Rocky River, to arrange, if possible, no matter in dispute between B. Rooney and J. Roberts and Co., respecting the water-race. After some discussion between the parties interested, an offer was made to lease the land required for the race to Roberts and Co., on payment by the Government of the sum of £70, by way of compensation. We believe that the race proprietors agreed to this, and that it will be recommended for acceptance by the Commissioner. Should the Government approve, this vexed Question will be definitely settled. ..... , Gold Discovery Mr. E. Charlton of this town has shown us (Mudgee Liberal) several specimens of extraordinary rich quartz, said to be taken Ham the newly mu chased ground of Mr. N. P. Bayly, formerly the Pipe-clay gold-field. These specimens are very rich ; it, is supposed they will yield 500 ounces to the ton. While we congratulate Mr. Bayly upon his purchase, we cannot but condemn the action of the Government in allowing such highly auriferous land to be sold. We are convinced that, had any cold commissioner been called upon to report upon this gold-field, he never would have recommended its sale. In this instance a gold reef of incalculable value is rendered perfectly useless to the public through some unaccountable blundering between the lands and gold departments. So rich a reef has never before been on covered in the Mudgee district. The quartz is white, aw perfectly interlaced with gold. The crochets denounced by Mr. Quinn, who as Burt, the Farmer's Club of the American Institute, that, oxen harnessed after the fashion of horses ww drew one-third more than when in yokes, "If this a. 'true, and it is the result of experiments and trials accurately compared, we shall hail the abolition of the yoke as of merciful relief to the animal, whose $»'«»» always seems to be put to extreme endurance BJ the torments of that awkward mode of hwesswg-, 