FRANCE AND THE ŒCUMENICAL COUNCIL. (From the Saturday Review.) * I THE Parisian correspondent of the Times has lately been discoursing on the relations of French society to the approaching Council in a tone which contrasts conspicuously with the contempt for common sense and common fact that usually characterises the religious utter- ances of the leading journal. At the same time we suspect that his view, though it con- tains elements of truth, is a superficial one. The general upshot of what he says comes to this—that 'French Catholics are prepared to receive, if not with enthusiasm, at least with unquestioning acquiescence, any number or kind of spiritual dogmas that may be imposed upon them, not excepting the crowning paradox of Ultramontanism, Papal infallibility; but that they will meet with open opposition or silent contempt, as the case may be, any attempt to dictate to them on the mixed questions where religion touches on the modern prin- ciples of civil or social life. Now it seems obvious to reply to this that, whatever else they may be, the French are a logical people, and it requires no very severe intellectual effort to perceive that acceptance of Papal infallibility involves, among other things, acceptance, ex animo, of all the propositions of the last Encyclical, which includes, to go no further, a most emphatic consecration of the principles of political absolutism, of religious persecution, and of the divine right of the Pope's temporal sovereignty. However, we are not concerned here with the accuracy of the Times' corres- pondent, but with the very interesting subject to which he has adverted—the probable bearings of the promised Œcumenical Council on the state of religious thought in France. There are obvious reasons why this cannot be con- sidered a matter of merely national importance. France has long arrogated to herself the title of Eldest Daughter of the Church, and if it does not now belong to her in quite the same sense as under the ancien regime, there never was a period when the French nation stood more completely at the head of the Latin civilisation, and there- fore of the Latin Church. The Catholic Church of France is a microcosm of the Catholic Church throughout the world, and what has been said of the former by a keen observer, who is a Frenchman though not a Roman Catholic, is equally true of the latter ; " it contains within itself, not merely two parties, but two spirits, two souls." In attempting to gauge the effects of the present policy of the Papal Court on France we are gauging its effects on the whole Roman Catholic Church. And " the Church of France," to continue our quotation, " is the principal, support of Ultramontanism, and at the same time its most formidable foe." These are the words of M Pressensé, in a very remark- able article on ' France and the Œcumenical Council " in the current number of the British Quarterly, to which we propose to draw the attention of our readers, We shall not of course hold ourselves bound, in what we have to say, to the writer's opinions, or even to his esti- mate of facts, though in this latter he appears to us—with one exception, to be noted later on —to be quite exceptionally accurate in his in- formation. But we shall make full use of the very valuable summary of the antecedents and present position of French Catholicism which he has put before us. To appreciate the present state of parties in the French Church, and its attitude towards the Papacy, it'is necessary to go back some eighty years and take a rapid review of her history since the first revolution. The Gallican Church under the old monarchy possessed, to use the words of the reviewer, " all the characteristics and all the disadvantages of a State religion. It was servile to the throne and persecuting to religious minorities." This is true, but a writer who was no less of a liberal than M. Pressensé, though he was also a sincere Roman Catholic, has dwelt in glowing language, of which we had occasion very recently to remind our readers on the brighter side of the picture to which his extreme and somewhat narrow antipathy to all established and en- dowed Churches hardly allows him to do justice. De Tocqueville thinks the Gallican Church had never been, on the whole, in a more satisfactory condition than when the Revolution crushed it. There was, no doubt, too much subserviency to the Royal power; but, on the other hand, there was a breadth and enlightenment of view, a healthy spirit of national loyalty and independence, and the en- dowments of the clergy, immense as they were, acted as a serviceable counterpoise to the caste- like and anti-national tendencies of an unrecog- nised, and especially a celibate, priesthood. M Pressensé considers that, if the Port Royalists had been fostered instead of being persecuted, they would probably have modified their ex- treme doctrines of grace, and that the infusion of a new and holier spirit would have materially affected the subsequent history of the French Church. This may well be ; but the Port Royalists were ejected more rudely than the Wesleyans from the Church of England, and Jesuit influ- ence triumphed for the time, though it could only hold its own by wearing the mask of Galli canism. The old Church fell whether suffer- ing most for its virtues or its vices we need not here discuss—and the Church of the Concordat was, to all intents and purposes, a new creation of the Emperor and the Pope. Napoleon aspired to restore the old Empire of Charlemagne, and nothing could be more to his purpose than an infallible and irresponsible Pontiff, who should also be his own head chaplain. This, as we know now from his words as well as from his acts, was the secret of his whole ecclesiastical policy. An unscrupulous despot who, if his own statements in the intimacy of familiar conversation may be trusted, was no believer in Christ, was the cynical but deliberate founder of modern Ultramontanism. He forced upon the terrified but not unwilling Pontiff whom he had alternately outraged with the chincanery of a vulgar attorney and the brutal violence of a Corsican bandit, a spiritual autocracy at which the proudest of his pre- decessors had never even dared to aim. But Napoleon contributed as much indirectly as directly to the advance of French Ultramon- tanism. His insolent contempt for the religion he had so haughtily reinstated alienated the sympathies both of the clergy and their flocks, and, finding no national centre for their loyalty, they turned inevitably towards Rome. The whole influence of the restored Jesuits, who had no longer any motive for concealing their colours, tended in the same direction. From 1815 to 1830 there was a brief interval of suspense, as the Bourbons did what little they could to revive the old traditions of the Gallican Church. With the Revolution of July, Ultramontanism finally triumphed. The suicidal policy of Louis Philippe and Guizot arrayed all that was most earnest and religious in French Catholi- cism on the side of the extreme Romanisers. From that time three parties have been gradu- ally forming themselves—that of absolute Ultra- montanism, of liberal Ultramontanism, and of reorganised Gallicanism aiming at moderate reformation in the Church, but rejecting the old monarchical traditions of the earlier Gallicanism, and embracing heartily the principles of civil freedom. Each of these parties had, and still has, its representative men. Joseph de Matstre may be considered the founder of the first, of which the chief surviving prophet is Louis Veuillot, who has probably never had an equal in the virulence, the coarseness, and the reck- lessness of his theological vituperation. The reviewer justly remarks that, when the history of contemporary Atheism shall be written, Veuillot must come in for much of the blame, " for if anything could inspire a horror of religion or extenuate the blasphemies of the time, it may be found in the careers of this furious zealot." The hideous imprecations on Passaglia which he published in a work entitled Le Parfum de Rome may be in the recollection of some of our readers. The most depraved imagination of an inquisitor or a fiend could hardly have rivalled the horribly minute ingenuity of the tortures invoked on the head of the man who dared to disbelieve the Pope's temporal power. Yet this man is the darling of his party, and his organ the Univers, when denounced by some of the bishops—the Record would be milk and water to it—received the solemn approval of the Vatican. Lamen- nais, who for a time had followed De Maistre, became the leader of the second or Liberal Ultramontane party, till the emphatic condem- nation pronounced by his infallible oracle on his most cherished convictions as to the sacred rights of conscience gradually alienated him from all belief in Christianity. He went to Rome in unhesitating faith—for to him the voice of the Pope was as the voice of God—but he came away bitterly complaining that " at Rome they would, if they could, sell everything ; they would sell the Father, and they would sell the Son, and they would sell the Holy Ghost." Dupanloup, the eloquent Bishop of Orleans—so far as we can classify such a very uncertain, not to say incon- sistent, writer—may perhaps be best reckoned among the present leaders of this party. The brightest ornament of the third party, of reor- ganised Gallicanism, was Lacordaire ; and his friend Montalembert, in his latter and better moods—for he, like Dupanloup, is not always consistent with himself—also belongs to it. The Archbishops of Paris for many years past must be reckoned among its most eminent representatives. One of them, Mgr. Affré, it will be remembered, was shot down on the barricades in 1848, while ministering to the wounded soldiers, and his successor, Mgr. Si bour, was stabbed by a suspended priest in church just as he was about to commence a suit against the Univers for its libellous attacks. Two distinguished writers, the Prince Albert de Broglie and the late Frederick Ozanam, must also be named among the ornaments of the Liberal Catholic party, which moreover numbers in its ranks Bishop Maret and Father Gratry, the two most learned theologians of the modern French Church. M. Huet, who formerly be- longed to it, was driven from Christianity by the Encyclical of Pius IX., as Lamennais had been by the Encyclical of Gregory XVI., and as some of the ablest of the English converts have been whose names will readily occur to our readers. For a farther account of the distinguished per- sonages referred to, and of others who have exercised a critical influence on the religious thought of France, we must refer to the paper in the British Quarterly already mentioned. The Imperial regime has perhaps done some- thing to foster the growth of a moderate and national temper among the French clergy. Its Church policy has been more friendly than that of Guizot, and the Emperor has usually shown himself anxious to recognise the claims of men of learning and intellect, like the present Archbishop of Paris, who are op- posed to extreme views. Three events have occurred, however, since 1851, which have in different ways seriously complicated the approaching crisis of Catholicism. These are the promulgation of the doctrine of the Imma- culate Conception in 1854, the Italian Revolu- tion, and the Encyclical. The importance of the first lies not so much in the particular doctrine proclaimed, which had, no doubt, been very generally believed before in the Roman Catholic Church, as in the Pope's claim to define it as a matter of faith on his own ipse dixit. And there can be no doubt that this was the real ground of the urgency of the Jesuit Camarilla to get the doctrine promulgated, and of the Pontiff's compliance with their desire. For Pius IX. is well known, strange as it may seem, to be a firm believer in his own infallibility. The Italian Revolution has brought into pro- minence the rights of the temporal power of the Pope, and with it the whole subject of political liberalism. For it is clear on the face of it that no one can mantain absolutism as a sacred principle at Rome who is an honest advocate of liberal principles elsewhere. It is not wonderful, therefore to find M. de l'Ariége, a liberal Catholic, insisting that every conquest of liberty will be precarious, every solution, in- complete, so long as the question is not radically settled at Rome by the abolition of the temporal Papacy. Hardly less startling to the devotees of Rome was Montalembert's bold proclamation of unreserved liberty of conscience at the Catholic Congress of Malines in 1863. The Mortara case was still fresh in people's minds when he stood forward before a large assemblage of prelates and clergy, including Cardinal Wiseman, as well as laymen, to assert broadly and unequivocally his " inexpressible horror " at every kind of re- ligious persecution. " The faggots lighted by the hands of Catholics," he exclaimed, " do not excite less horror than, the scaffolds on which Protestants have immo- lated so many martyrs, and I quiver with pain as I feel on my own lips the gag that has been forced into the mouth of those who preached their faith with pure consciences. The Spanish Inquisition saying to the heretic, ' The truth or death,' is as odious to me as the French Terrorist saying to my grandfather, 'Liberty, fraternity, or death.' The human conscience has a right to demand that these hideous alternatives shall no longer be imposed upon it." These words were spoken in August, 1863\. In December, 1864, appeared the Ency clyical and Syllabus of condemned errors. Among these errors are the following : —" That the Church has no right to use compulsion and temporal power ; that it is useless in our time to regard the Catholic religion as the only State religion, to the exclusion of every other worship ; that the law is right which in some Catholic countries allows foreign residents the en- joyment of their own worship ; that the Pope might and ought to put him- self in accord with progress, liberalism, and modern civilisation." All these principles are solemnly condemned, and their opposites are to be accepted—as Dr. Manning is never tired of reminding those who choose to listen to him—as intellectual laws to rule the thoughts of all good Catholics. The Bishop of Orleans, as is well known, went down on his knees to the Pope to entreat him not to publish the Encyclical, but, when it appeared, he explained and defended it in an elaborate Pastoral com- pared to which Tract 90 is simplicity itself. It remains to inquire, in view of these facts, what will be the attitude of the French Church to- wards the intended Council of the Vatican. The writer we have so often referred to speaks of it as "a Jesuit plot." We believe he is mistaken, and that the original suggestion emanated from the opposite party; but there can be no doubt that the Jesuits will leave no stone unturned to use it, now it is decided upon, for their own purposes. They are said to have abandoned the idea of extorting from the assembled Fathers an assertion of Papal infallibility, in consequence of the deter- mined attitude of the French Bishops. But they are pretty sure to use all their influence to extort from them a solemn approval of the Syl- labus of condemned errors. There can be no doubt that, if they succeed, they will bring about a " fearful crisis, which will alienate the minds of men from the Gospel, and indeed from the very idea of God." For the present we content ourselves with quoting M. Pressensé's conclud- ing prediction that if, instead of Catholicism being itself reformed, " liberal Catholicism is crushed and extirpated, there will ere long remain nothing of the great Roman Church but a life- less corpse ready to vanish away." It is well to remember that the religious future of some 150,000,000 of Christians is seriously involved in the result. 