WALLAROO: SATURDAY, JUNE 12. THE signs of the times portend a speedy and radical change in the Local Courts of the colony. Whatever may be the deci sion arrived at by the judges in the adjourned case of CAEEY V. SUTHERLAND, the system on which the Local Courts are founded, the Act which lends to them their authority, and the petty judges who in " equity and good conscience" pronounce decisions utterly opposed to the spirit of the common law of England, alike sustained a withering, death- dealing blow in the remarks of both the bar and the bench, to which, being without defence, they must necessarily; succumb, j Mr Justice GrwnnsTE has evidently not; yet over got his astonishment at finding that . Her Majesty was advised to give her sanction to the Local Courts' Act. In a forensic joke His Honor thought that the Courts should be ultra vires. Clearly in his opinion the ordained course of pro cedure has been rather the phantasy of a disordered brain than the work of a trained lawyer. And whether a prisoner on a criminal charge should be summarily dealt with; whether he might demand to be tried in the Supreme Court by a jury; or whether he might either elect or demand to be tried by both, neither the two judges, the Attorney-G-eneral, nor Messrs IUGLEBY and BOUCATTT were able to say. All that seemed to be certain was, that in some manner little short of the miraculous, by those twin ambiguities " equity and good conscience " deliverance for the persecuted should be wrought, and justice meted out to the wicked. For the grand principle of that unwritten law dating its precedents back to the ages of hoar antiquity-no man shall be deprived of his liberty, but after a trial by his peers,-be he lord or Common, a mea sure of colonial equity and South . Aus tralian good conscience has been substi tuted. And, the fact that alteration is imperatively needed has travelled from the temple of justice in Victoria Square out into the provinces. The accredited organs of public opinion in the colony are beginning to cry aloud for change. A Writer in the Border Watch recently called attention in a very able letter, to the "partial, unenlightened, and ineffi cient administration of justice," by " heaven born Judges," i.e., Special Magistrates, " inflated by a sense of transcendant abilities, extensive acquire ments and keenness of discernment con cealed from every one save themselves." In the leading columns of its last issue, the Southern Argus speaks of the Local Courts of the colony as " pocket boroughs into which the Attorney-G-eneral returns Special Magistrates." It is a matter of notoriety in one district that the Special! Magistrate, who, at one time had a small' partnership in a large commercial firm, was appointed to his office on the recom mendation of the senior member of that firm, because he was found to be too deficient in ability to be entrusted with the management of business. There is another district in the colony where a large amount of litigation is saved by the introduction of a system replete with injustice and wrong. Both plaintiffs and defendants earwig the Magistrate in " Chambers" and having learnt his opinion decide whether to press or defend their suits. If a person threatened with an action finds that an .opinion has been given adverse to his case, he pays rather than throw money away by going into Court. That it is time a system, produc tive of such fruits, should be terminated, most persons, friends of the colony, and believers in equity and right, will admit. Any measure of reform to be thorough must commence with the Local Courts' Act. Their Honors, the Judges of the Supreme Court, are yet considering in what the jurisdiction of the Loeal Courts in criminal matters consists; but the jus tice to be obtained on the civil side is slow, ineffectual and expensive. Trades men complain, and justly, that to bring the multitude of small debts they make into the CourtB would be simply throwing money away. "We will take the instance of a debt of £2. The tradesman has first to pay the cost of the information. On going into Court to prove his debt he has to pay the hearing fee. Should he get a judgment and the debtor not then pay, he issues an unsatisfisd judgment summons and more, costs are involved.' He again goes into Court, incurs more costs and gets an order for an instal ment to be paid per week or month. This order is taken no notice of, and lie again brings his debtor before the Court,obtains an order for imprisonment, more costs are incurred than the original amount of the debt, and, in the long run, he finds him self minus the amount of the debt still j owing to him, the expenses incurred,! and with the only satisfaction of knowing that he has wasted both his time and labor. This is supposing that the Local Courts' Act has been properly administered. The writer in the Border Watch, to whom we formerly alluded, very truly says "no man, destitute of experience or practise as a barrister or an attorney, is capable of satisfactorily, much less irreproachably, discharging the duties of Judge in any Court of law." After this he says "I deny the com petency of the majority of our Stipendiary Magistrates to adjudicate fairly, in numberless cases in which provincial statutes confer upon them jurisdiction, involving the most subtle and intricate problems and principles of our civil and criminal law." There are but few persons who could frequently attend our Local Courts without arriving at the conclusion that the decisions given are often, besides J being inconsistent with law, irreeoncile-1 able with common sense. It is an open question whether the Special Magistrates, destitute as they are in the majority of instances of legal lore or training, would not do well to ignore the law altogether, and attempt to take a common sense view of the case. The little smattering! of law that they unavoidably pick up! only seems to confuse them, thus illustra- \ ing the old and true proverb "alittle1 knowledge is a dangerous thing." Indeed, something of the sort would seem to have j been contemplated when the Local! Courts' Act was drafted and the first batch of Special Magistrates appointed. I The Court was declared to be one of "equity and good conscience." But the question sorely tries many;.:a suitor^, whether he should rely upon the law o£ the case which he is aware the Magistrate is only partially enlightened respecting, or the common sense view of it, of which there exists the strong probability the little law known by the Magistrate will render him legally blind to. The first step towards providing a remedy for this grievance under w hich the people of the colony labour would be to appoint none but professional men to sit specially on the Bench. The anomaly of a practical lawyer arguing cases and raising points of law before Special Magistrates, who, j he well knows, not having had a legal education, are utterly unable to follow him, deserves at once to be put an end to. It necessarily entails a great hardship upon poor suitors or defendants. Should the plaintiff employ a lawyer, and the defendant be unable to scrape up the necessary guinea or two, he must be a poor lawyer, indeed, who could not so embarrass the defendant and bamboozle the unprofessional Bench with legal subtleties as to obtain a certain verdict. If it be objected that professional men of note would require larger salaries than the miscellaneous collection of Special Magistrates now sitting, to recompense them for retiring from practice, the j answer is ready to be given. They should have their circuits, when fewer Magis trates would be required. Either a London Police Magistrate or an English County Court Judge would get through a month's civil and criminal business on the Peninsula with ease in three hours. And, even if the expense should be some what greater, the colony would gain incalculably, in the quashing of numerous committals in which there is not the ghost of the chance of a convictionTteing sustained, and in the certainty which would attend the administration of justice in civil cases. At the Moonta -Mine matters are progressing much as usual. The crushing and hauling machineiy in RichmanV new engine house is being fixed with all expedition, and will shortly commence operations. The newly discovered lode to the eastward of Buchan's shaft is yielding grey ore of good quality. The shaft is down about fourteen fathoms, and the width of the lode is two feet. In Fergusson's shaft sinking has been commenced below the fourteen fathom level, and drives are being extended North and South. At Prince Alfred shaft drives are extend ing in order to communicate with Fergusson's shaft. The Kurilla Mine near Kadina is about to re sume working, preparatory to which the engine is to be replaced by the tubular engine at the Duryea. It is confidently anticipated that this property will eventually remunerate the adven turers for their enterprise. Operations fit the Wheal James are pushed forward vigorously, and the prospeets of success in the new shaft are as favorable as possible.^ Sinking has been prosecuted tq a depth of eight fathoms in proximity to a fine course of ore. Another important mineral discovery is stated to have been made in the Franklin Harbor district, and a party of gentlemen from Moonta intend visiting in the course of a few days the locality of the asserted " find/' The gardens in and around Moonta are looking remarkably well at the present time, the vegetable products thriving with a luxuriance that would do no discredit to the gardens in the vicinity of Ade laide. Vegetables are consequently procj^Eable in the township of a quality much superior the imported, and at reasonable rate. - f| At the Poona a complement of nhiemenjhave been engaged in sinking a shaft 7 by 4. on Tuesday last some nice pieces of green carbonate were found at a depth of nine fathoms. JEhey evidently form part of a champion lode, and great hopes are entertained of its turning out well.' At the Euko men have been engaged timbering up the shaft. The lode is ab^ut 2k feet (ride, composed principally of steatite and gossan, earry inf^a little black ore. Payable quantities of ore, however, are not expected until a greater depth has been readied. The North-East Moonta are carrying out their prospecting operations with vigor, and, it is said', with eneouragmg prospects. Dalwood, the cos "teemiig contractor, has between tweatjesmd thirty Wen employed searching for coppetj and fifty additional men are expected to arrive in the course of a day or two to aid in the search. In twoof the coateening pits gossan has been found, together with other favorable indications. The Moonta Prospecting Company are engaged in following up a large course ;of spar fifty feet wide, thickly impregnated with mundic, and con taining a few specks of copper, forming, in the captain 8 opinion, a large cross course. The Kadina Mining Company appears to be regarded with much favor by the mining public, and it is said that applications for shares have been sent in for an excess of the number to be distributed. A rumour has beeu current during the past few days to the effect that several miners had been discharged foom the Wallaroo Mines, in conse quence of tin re bemg insufficient employment for them. On enquiry at head-quarters we learn that the report is altogether untrue; so for from there being a scarcity of employment at the mine, the case is Quite the reverse, skilled miners being in demand to the number of some scores. ' ' ' The Register states that the Port Angustt^ Railway Company has been registered and a copy*, of the articles, names of promoters and other particulars, deposited with the Commissioner of Public Works. The Company hag two Civil Engineers in the colony, and a general agent, Mr Harvey, who will proceed to Poit Augu^a on a tour of inspection before he signs the final papers. A favorable report has been received from the Captain of the Morrowie Mine, which states that the lode cohtanues to improve as it is traced deeper. The title of honorable has been conferred upon Mr B. B. Andrews, Attorney-General i» the -T Ayers Ministry. This is because he has ikn a Ministry during three years. r We would direct attention to an advertisement setting forth that the cutter Minders will shorfly sail for Franklin Harbor. We learn by telegram that the banquet given to Mr Vale, late Member for Ballast West and ex-Commissioner of Customsi ^Ko pesigned his «eafc ^nd hia place to contest the election with Mr E. Jones was a veij successful ai&ir;, both parties in the state wishing to do honor to iKe towuccesaful candidate. As excessive vanity isa prominent feature in Mr Vale's character ; the banquet may possibly have a beneficial effect upon His jfiitwre career. There are some diseases that require coaxing and "wheedling up to a certain stage, when they collapse, and a more healthy organization sets in. The attempt of the Attorney-General to obtain fiom a meeting ~ of special and ordinary Magis trates some definite expression of opinion, some tangible grounds upon which to go when framing his proposed measure for securing a better system of licensing public-houses in the colony, resulted in a failure. But it appears the lion. gentleman. faaB not given the matter up. On Wednesday he received a deputation from the commercial travellers, which submitted various propositions to him. These were, that the number of licensed houses is excessive ; that a licensing bench sitting in Adelaide should solely issue licenses; that Special Magistrates and ordinary Justices of the Peace were unfit to be trusted with the power of licensing in their localities; and that a properly qualified Inspector should be appointed. The -Attorney-General practically admitted the failure that had attended upon his recent labors. He invited the special and ordinary Magistrates to meet and discuss the question, imagining they would do so gravely and decorously. In place of that he was informed that there were never less than half-a-dozen speakers at the same time. In feet, the place was turned into the traditional bear garden. We imagine that the first proposition made by the commercial travellers is amply demonstrated at Port Wallaroo. In this small township there are seven public- houses-at least four too many. Two could do the business of the place without finding themselves over crowded with customers; three would afford the most ample accommodation for alL That seven houses should have been permitted to obtain licenses is a fact proving the urgent need there is for reform in the system. The other proposition of the commercial travellers, that licenses should be granted hy a properly qualified Board sitting in Adelaide, after the evidence for ind against the desirability of a house being opened had been heard, carries on the face of it a recommendation. Licenses have too often been granted in deference to a wish of *' brother Justicesand that brother Justices have indicated their wishes too often for the welfare of the colony is sufficiently proved by the utterly unwarrantable number of houses scattered throughout the colony. The deputation also recommended the abolition of wine licenses on the rather extraordinary grounds that these were issued by Special Magistrates who were often large wine makers. The Attorney-General intimated that the recommendations of ^deputa tion, or any others he might receive; would have careful consideration. The velocipede fever seems to be setting in both hi Adelaide and Melbourne. It would appear that riding a bicycle, or two-wheeled velocipede is almost as ticklish an operation as sitting in the boat of the Irishman who cautioned his passenger not to sneeze on pain of an upset. By a letter in the Register we see that some young man got a buBter in Flinders-street, on the 9th. In Mel bourne an unruly tricycle twice deposited its rider under a cab horses nose, after which feat it refused to go any further, and its owner had to ignommously lead the thing home a la Pickwick and the tall horse. By an advertisement it will be seen that the Daniel Family commence a series of concerts on the Peninsula during the ensuing week. The ?various reports that we have seen in the news papers published in the colony and elsewhere, agree in speaking quite as enthusiastically of Mr Daniel's concerts as they did of the entertain ments given by the Nathan Family. The pro gramme, which will be found in our business columns, is an inviting one. It appears that King Colton's Bail way tariff given in foil in the Government Gazette last week is being reconsidered. As it had been con cocted in systematic defiance of business prin ciples, we are not surprised to hear of this. But what of King Colton, the maker of childish tariffs ? Would it not be well if he were re-con sidered. The Commissioner has since sub stituted a rate per mile per ton for his classifi cation of distances. Under ordinary circumstances the rate for agricultural produce is slightly increased ; but by hiring a truck or trucks from the Government and loading each with five tons of goods a considerable reduction is effected. In most respects the second tariff is an improvement upon the premature one and also the old one. - The classification of goods retains its original absurdi ties. We would direct attention to an advertisement of the sale of property in Wallaroo, by Mr A. France,, this day.. More disagreeable truths from His Excellency. After visiting an .Agricultural Show in the South East, and inspecting the system of agriculture pursued in the garden-of the colony, at the dinner ..in the evening, he condemned the slovenly system of farming pursued, and also of horse breeding. A German procession bearing torches he ad dressed in their own mother tongue. The Hon. W. Cavenagh promised to recommend to his col leagues an increased expenditure upon the roads in the district. Would that we could see the physiognomy of the Attorney-General when the Commissioner of Crown Lands, hacked of course by the Commissioner of Public Worts, makes his recommendation! With such an assurance the South-Easterners should be perfectly satisfied.' In due season they will reap if they faint not. His Excellency was preparing to visit the great drainage works. We shall be curious to hear his opinion of them. A peculiarly clever transaction has just come to light. The Treasurer has received advices of the shipment of six tons of tallow for use on the Rail ways. For anything we know the tallow that will arrive may be the product of some of our own boiling-down establishments, upon which, the Goyernment, or rather we, the unfortunate colonists, shall have to pay for freight both ways, agent's charges, interest of money, &c.; The transaction refers to the Public Works depart ment, and, indeed, it is redolent of the Public Works o&ce.; We maintain, that without delay, an Act of Parliament should be passed making Ministers responsible for such expensive, blunder ing folly. If the present or any former Commis sioner of Public Works sent out the order, he should be sued in Her Majesty's Courts of law for the loss he has occasioned, or the amount stopped from his screw. We want responsibility in something more than name. Melbourne journals point out that the great fault of the Land Act now un(jer discussion in their House of Legislature, is the facility which it affords for the prolongation of that arbitrary rule of the Land Minister all parties seem to be alike tired of it. He with his comrades can constantly frame and issue regulations. The people say that the Land Bill should all be con. tained within the four corners of an Act of Parliament. This is a fault in oar own Lend Bill, to which we drew attention, although no member In the House seemed to have the slightest consideration about the large amount of power he was handing over to a Land Minister who might1 or might not exercise it for the public weal. In the proposed Victorian Act the squatters are left to put their trust in Providence and the free selector, who may -wander at will over the colony1 pitching his tent and having his section surveyed i on any run in which he may fancy the soiland the situation. * . j It is stated that there is every probability of! the project of a submarine telegraph line between Gaile and the Western coast of Australia being carried out. It is supposed that the two pro jected Companies will amalgamate and thus con centrate their strength. Either Perth, the capitol of Western Australia, or the North-West Cape, is spoken of as the probable terminus That the Company will land it&cable; at the unin habited North-West Cape Khen Perth can be reached by extending the wires over two or three* hundred miles, we can scarcely belie re. Should it be landed at Perth our energetic neighbours in Victoria would, we imagine, soon form a Company to carry the wire from Western Australia to Mel bourne, and there can be little doubt such a Com pany would pay as well as, if not better than, the ocean line. It is rumored upon what appears to be good authority, that some important changes will take place at the Smelting Works. It is said that the furnaces will shortly be allowed to go out prepara tory to a general stocktaking, after which, nearly, if not all of the furnaces at the works will be lighted. A Company of miners called the Fergusson Prospecting Company, has been for some time at | work quietly costeening on some sections taken out I to the South-East of the M!oonta IMine. The men have this week come upon a lode that they believe I will prove to be of value. A portion of the stone taken from it is under the hands of the asBayer. whose report it was expected would be received this day. On Wednesday last, an accident occurred at the Wallaroo Mines, by which a boy named Drew, re ceived serious injury. He was employed driving a truck irom one of the shafts when by some means his head came in contact with a portion of the ironwork of the truck. Dr Croft was soon in attendance, but he is supposed to be in a precarious state. 