NEWS AND NOTES. BY AN A DETAIDE MAN. Wednesday -Evening. The municipal campaign has commenced. The first gun was fired at the Prince of Wales Hotel on Monday evening last, when a great crowd of the Grey Ward electors assembled to "express their views." Councillor Wright occupied the chair. After some stray shots had been discharged at the convener of the meeting, who thought proper to keep in the dark, Mr. J. Jones proposed the first resolution -" That a committee be appointed to confer with committees from other wards, for the purpose of procuring the services of a suitable gentleman to serve as Mayor of the city of Adelaide for the eneuing year." He considered. , it would be a disgrace to the city if a man could not be found to succeed Mr. Fuller, who had served for three years. During that Hir>« very little work had been carried out in the city; an official, however, had swindled them out of £4,000, which was probably considered by some persons equivalent to any shortcomings in the public works line. The debt on the Town Hall was the cause of there being so little money spent on improvements, and as that edifice would not be wanted for the next twenty years, their descendants ought to be made to pay for it. The electors wanted a Mayor who could keep Mr, Raphael in order. This allusion to "Sammy" drew forth yells, groans, catcalls, and otber hideous sounds, which continued for several minutes. Mr. Frayne proposed as an amendment that candi dates for the mayoralty should be at once nominated. This was seconded by the Hon. E. Solomon, M.L C., who suggested Mr. Judah Moss Solomon as a suitable person. The city could afford to keep a paid Mayor. It had been urged in Mr. Fuller's behalf that that gentleman did the work for nothing; but in answer to that he would remark that apparently cheap sfrvants sometimes proved to be the dearest. After a rather stormy discussion as to who should be invited to fill the office, it was proposed and carried that the Mayor be requested to convene a meeting in the Town Bali to consider the question. The councillor ship of Grey Ward was next brought under consideration, the Hon. Air. Solomon proposing Dr. Spicer as the right man in the right place. Mr. Frayne opposed the motion, as Dr. Spicer would do his utmost, should he get in, to for ward the interests of the Gas Company. This speaker's remarks were suddenly brought to a termination by one of the "free and indepen dent" seizing him by the legs and jei king him off the platform. Dr. Spicer said he would oppose the lighting of the city until the voice of the ratepayers was taken on the matter. Messrs. Pink and Whiting were also proposed as can didates, but the row was so great the Chairman eoaid not get a hearing to put the names, and left his seat, but afterwards returned and declared the majority in favor of the doctor. An attempt at a vote of thanks to Councillor Wright concluded the proceedings, which were throughout of a most disorderly character. The Postmaster-General has received the unpleasant information that his services will be dispensed with at the end of the current year, it being the intention of the Government to incorporate the Post-Office with the Telegraph department. Mr. Lewis has been twenty-six years in the service, having been appointed chief clerk of the Post-office in the year 1843. It is rumored that he will be made Collector of Customs, vice Mr. Douglas, who goes to the Northern Tei ritory as Government Resident. Griffin Cant, the cornfactor, of Currie-street. has called a meeting of his creditors. The estate is expected to realise about 5s. in the pound. The Southern Cross, a Roman Catholic organ, has given up the ghost. In his dying declara tion, the editor tsks its subscribers to transfer their patronage to the Irish Harp, now pub lished by a company. A meeting took place in Goolwa a few days ago to consider the advisability of memorialising the Government to take steps to open up the Coorong, as an easy and expeditious route to the South-East. A motion affirming the desir ability of such a course was adopted. A meeting of policy holders in the European Assurance Company took place a few days since at the office of Messrs. Cullen & Wigley, King William-street. A committee was ap pointed to watch over the interests of South I Australian insurers in the unfortunate venture. A telegram states that the well-known clipper ship Lightning took fire early on Sunday morning, and burned until late in the after- noon, when she was scuttled. She had on board 4,600 bales of wool and 200 tons of copper. It is expected that half the former and nearly all the latter will be saved. A case of poisoning is reported to have recently occurred in Victoria, and which, if not the result of accident, is one of the most diabo lical attempts at murder within my recollection. It appears that at Mr. Robertson's station, Mount Emu, twenty-two men employed as shearers were poisoned by the cook having used arsenic in the water employed to boil the cab bage in instead of carbonate of soda, the quan tity used being sufficient to kill 200 men. Dr. Johnson, of Beaufort, and Dr. NaBon,of Carng ham, were immediately sent for, and Mr. Robertson promptly administered such anti dotes aB were available, pending the doctor's arrival. All the men are recovering, but they have undergone severe suffering. It is said that a cook who was discharged recently, at the instance of the shearers, told the new cook thai; y the bottle contained carbonate of soda, whereas * it was really arsenic. This is regarded as so suspicious that the police have taken the matter in hand. The introduction of the salmon into Aus tralian waters is now an accomplished fact. Intelligence has been received announcing the first capture of the noble fish in the Derwent. The specimens exhibited measured about ten inches in length and five in girth. Of the fish being the true salmon there can be r.o doubt. Sir Robert Officer and Mr. Aiiport at once recognised them, the latter gentleman etatirsg that he was prepared to stake all he was worth that the fieh were the emolt of the real salmon, and the fruit of spawn produced in the Der went. The experiment of stocking other rivers in the Australian colonies will now be a matter of liltle or no difficulty. 