Jitntmj Intclltffcitcc. Mount Wheeler. — Wo bihv sovoral parties from Mount Wheeler yoslordny upon ivlioao rcpoils ivo could rely, uml they informed us thut tho gcnorul aspect of tho diggings was rapidly improving. Thoro n-o about. GGO mon fitllv omnloycd, almost tho wholo of whom aro satisfied with tho results of lltoir work ; Bouio are obtaining considerable quautitios of gold from various parts of tlio ground. Mr. Gosgtovo still continues to bo exceedingly foriunate, but he says little iiboul what bo is obtaining. Ho is working up tho hill tit a depth of about ! foot. On tho Hat very hand- some returns are being procured, and at Cross' rush puyublo gold is being washed. Altogether tho field is, up to this time, a success, but as one of our informants observed, " wo liavo only oiir littlo too in yet." CoMMtutaur, Oiiime, — Tho return of the names objects, capital, liabilities and particulars of Joint Stock Companies wound aip, or winding up, umlor legal jurisdiction sincq August, 1802, movod by Alderman Ijiisk in tho House or Commons, lias furnished tho world will! strange opisoilis in tliu history of com mercial orimo. " Tlieso last seven years (says tho City I'ress) aro like Joseph's luun kino ; I hey imvo eaten up tho surplus of I ho seven years that preceded Ihein, and they will undoubtedly bequeath to the years to ooino a heritage of dobt and demoralization, During the seven years over which tlicro port extends, the companies wound-up, or in process of undergoing I hat operation in the United Kingdom, numbered <180. Their nominal capital amounted in the aggregate to about two hundred millions ; their paid-lip capital nniounled to about t wenty five millions j their liabili ties lo about a hundred millions. Wo are obliged to employ the proposition " about," allliougli the oilieiul return is before us, because in tho respect of many companies, few particulars are given -, tho particulars in many cases aro obviously incorrect, and probably llio whole triilli in respect to some dead ventures will never bo made known." An Indian Duel. — An American paper lias an account, of a recent duel between two Indians lit Helena ; — A few Indians were in a cabin occupied by Bonui ot (lie employes of llio mill, when one of them displayed his revolver, at tho fanui lime expatiating on ilj merits and his own extraordinary skill in its use. Tliis lie carried to such an uxtcnt that another bravo of the party denounced him as a bragg rt, at llio same lime saying Unit lie could put him to slmmc at Ida own game, Whereupon native No. 1 proposed a test of skill, giving bis opponent the advantage of a rille, his f'nvourito weapon. This was at once acceded to, and immediate preparations were nindo for a duel in llieir own peculiar style. I!y this time about 20 warriors had collected, and all repaired a short way from the cabin, where they marked oil" about 40 feet, tho distance thai was to separato t ho hostile savages. During these preparations the doomed warriors looked upon eaihol her willi the most stoic indilferoiiee, and the crowd wril.cd for llio denouement in silent wonder. 'When lilt was made ready the opponents took their position willi their heels on tho mark, bnek lo hack — one willi the revolver and the other with his rille. One of the natives had been selected lo net as second to both. He look his position a lit lie aside from thu line of lire, waved a spear, decorated with paint and feat hers, two or three l iines above his head, gave (lie terrible war-whoop, and on tho instant I lie dorllisls wheeled and tired. Hut h fell — one shut, through tho brain, the other pierced to the heart . The Modeun Tints. — Amid all the whirl nud rattle of (lie present turf times, when the secrets of a man's stable are proclaimed on thu liouso-lops almost before lie knows ttiem himself, and louts send utt" telegrams far and wide tho instant a trial is won, it is a treat lo hear a Yorkshire chlcr have his say. Once set hi in going, with llio full consciousness that lie bus . .'.i.„;_ i: - 1 1». nierees into the bowels of his past, and recounts cacti loved recollec tion of " llio horse and the rider. " Ho will tell you how u great and not over-scrupulous jockey " got into money," uml rattier let tho cut out of I lie hag by otter ing a .(HUGO note instead of a ,1'luO in change lo tho horse's owner on settling day j how Boh Uidsdale who began as hotly footman to Ltuly Lamhlou, mmlo it'll), OUU, only to lose every halfpenny of it again m the ring j of Gel. i.'radoek saying to Sam Ghifney in amazement as it lev gazed oil 1 1 in saddled contortions of little Johnny G ray at a finish, " Is lie pricking, .Sam, or is ho pulling?" of u noble duke only giving his jockey " u pony " when ho hud won tho Oaks, and thinking lie had done lliu correct tiling ; of that holiest, simple soul Ben Smith, beguiling his waste milks by giving good advice lo the perspiring lads at his side, " 'full' care of yersel, ho a good boy, and yo'll get on of Rhodes Millies, thu racing friend ot Lord Darlington and .Mr. J'elrie, who was of such decisivo Dutchman bulk, (lint he could hardly sit straight, up lo a table, and was, wit 1 nil, the lightest of dancers ; how too many modern jockeys are " all hands nud heels instead hands and head," and faill to collect and keep their horses together when tlicy are defeated j how Nuworth was spoiled as a two-year-old (when lie was us good as the four-year-old Pyramid), by overpowering his lad on tile Middlchani i'ligh Moor, aud jumping a wall as ho hunted a inure lo Tom Dawson's j how it was Glurk of Burn by Mour's special pride to have his 10 or 12 wheat slacks in array, aud smooth shaved to a shock by Doneasler race week; how old Forth had bis weigh ing beams in two rooms, so that his jockeys might not see what Wrights they curried in a trial. YeiiY ChiKUX.— -Tliero is an old riddle, we ago, which usks us " Why peus of a bail color should be sent to Kensington?" Because, "It is llio wny to Turn 'em Green" (Tiirnhuui Green.) An American lias whipped this reeeipu hollow, as llio following clearly proves. — " Tho green color of leaves, one clement of which must be a vegetable bine, led to the conclusion tluit leaves turn rod at thu end of the season through tho action of acid, and that thu green colour could bo restored by thu action of nil alkali. The conclusion lias been verified by experi ment — notuniiml Icarus placed under a receiver with vapour of ummonia in nearly every instance lost the red colour and rcnowed tlieirgrocn. In some, such as tho eussafrus, blackberry and maple, tho oluingo was rapid and could bo wutuhed by thu eye, while others, particularly certain jpuks, turned gradually brown, without showing any uppenriineo of green." What a pity it is the clever American lias not discovered the elixir or lil'o, or found tho herbs from which Ale, lea extruded the juice she poured into thu veins of old (Esau; ho would then have something to brag about, although we very muuh doubt whether expectant heirs would snsberibo for tho purposo of creeling a monu- m oi i in his honor. Uouttilitii Outrage. — Ono of the Hind horrible outrages ever eotniiiiUed ill thu colony was reported to llm detective polieo in Melbourne early on Tuesday morning. It appears that Mr. F. Edwards, u farmer on the Upper Plenty, near Whiltlcsea, had in his em ploy a liiiin named Tommy Jones (but known in con sequence of somo powder marks on his face, as " Gin ger Blue,") who was an " old hand," having been trans ported to Van Dienuni's Land many years ago. At a very early hour on Monday morning Mr. Edwurds hud occasion to leave his homo on business, leaving his wife and infant child asleep in bed, and in the sumo room was also sleeping a nurso girl named Alary Ann Cord, aged ton years ; and tho limn Jones was sleeping in a detached kitchen. About daylight or shortly before seven o'clock, Airs. Edwards was aroused by Jouos breaking into her bedroom, aud upon her demanding wliut lie wanted lie struck lierou llio licud willi a ham mer which lie had eoneealod about him, rendering her senseless. The nurso girl, who commencod screaming upon seeing tier mistress treated i i Unit manner, was also struck on tho licud by thu riiltian, and silo becimo insensible. Jones then committed a capital oll'eiieo upon Airs. Edwards, and in jrdcr to screen liimsulf sot lire to tho building in several places, intending to burn Ilia victims to death. They however recovered suit!- eiently to crawl out of the burning building, but before v mui" "IIWIU Ul bllU |llUlliiai'2f and their contents wore totally destroyed. Tho two women remain in a very precarious jstuto, but iiopos aro entertained of their ultimato recovery. Tlio nioii- tcr was last seen going in tlio direction of Alolboiirno, 111 as he ib well known to tlio polieo in thu neighbor- pood, nud sorural other oUiccrs have been sent to the h pot , there is but little elianee of bis twin,. Inn,. ,.i liberty.— Leader. St. PnTniisiiuitan.— Afr. Taylor in ins "Bye-way of Europe, " presents a most interested and lifu-lik picture of " Winter in St. Petersburg!!," tho Iblloivin scrap will givu a fiir idea of the author's stylo, mid of the great capital of the North, when ice and snow Imvo lakoii possession, and oolil and darkness reign trium phant for mouths. " The lea res, whether green or brown, disappeared at one swoop ; snow-gusts obscured tho little remaining sunshine ; the inhabitants einnu forth in furs and bulky wrappings; oysters and French pears became uiircusoniilly dear; and sludges of frozen fish and game crowded down from tlio northern forests. In a few days tlio physiognomy of llio capital was completely changed. All its life nnd stir withdraw from tlio extremities and gathered into a few central thoroughfares, as if huddling together for mutual warm th aucl encouragement in tlio cold air and under tho gloomy sky. Ono winter pieturo remains clearly outlined upon nty memory. In llio beginning of Decmnbur wo bnpponcd to drivo across t-lio zliuiiriilvt Square in tho ourly evening twilight— it o '<;!> isQV.u afternoon. Tlio tcmpcrnturo was about fJogyoes below zero, the sky a low roof of moveless clouds, which seemed to ho frozen in their places. Tho pillars of St. Isaac's cnthcdrnl — spluunid monoliths of granite, sixty-feet high — laid precipitated llio moisture of tlio air, nud stood silvered with rime from liaso to capital. Tlio Column of Alexander, llio brnnzo si iilito of Peter, with liis liorse poised in air on thu uclgo of tlio rock, and tho trees on the long esplanade in front of llio Admiralty, wero all similarly coaled, every twig rising as rigid us iron in the dark air. Only the lingo golden hemisphere of llio Cathedral donio, and t ho tall, pointed golden spire of llio Admiralty, rose above I tie gloom, and half shono willi uniitlllcd, sullen glare. A few people, awuclcilcd from head to foot, passed rapidly to and fro, or a drosliky, drawn by a frosted homo, C sped away to llio entrance of llio Novskoi J'rospekt. Even those appeared rather like wintry phantoms than creatures filled witli warm blood and breathing the breath of life. Tho vast spneen of llio capital, tho magnitude of its principal edifices, and tho display of gold and colours, strengthened llio general aspect of unreality, by introducing so many inliariiiiiioiis elements into tlio pieturo. A bleak moor, witli tlio light of a single cottage window shining across it, would linro boon less cold, dead, and desolate. Tuts Tot' Swindle. — Ha-lia-l.a-lia-lia- lia I So it wasn't a diamond after all ! As M. Hugo would probably say — sublitno enthusiasm of human gulli- bility ! Tlio Diamond " Soil," is worthy to Inko its place beside tlio Coek-huio Ghost or tlio Moon Hoax, i. am not sure but that it docs not even excel those brilliant examples of popular delusion. Tho idiots who believed in the rapping spirit of Arnry l'ursoiis tiro paralleled in our day by Homo sweet Home!, and his gathering of silly women with deranged nervous systems. Tho moon hoax was but u corollary to tliu glorious " sells " perpetrated by Mint prince of jesters and jester of princes, Tlicodoro Hook, but tlio Uig Diamond is a "sell" so giguntie, so vnsl, so pecuniarily advantageous, that it tops all swindles of the age, To absolutely povsuado tho people that some body bud found a diamond 13nz. ill weight, mid lo make tlieni buy the thing on " spec," is magnificent. I do not wish to go into the ethics of thu business, for 1 am not much above member-of- Pnrliumeiik standard myself, and rcjoicu to swindle, client, or dolruud a friend when a sale opportunity occurs ; but she it) it imagine that such a proceeding as t lie one characterised in iny hearing by a shareholder as "(lie Armidalo caper" is uot strictly ill accordance with the rules of commercial honesty ; hut that docs not detract, from the magnificence nl the liuux. It utmost fulfilled tlio unpublished prophecy of Douglas Jerrold, who said that if the Koh-i-noor was on sale to-morrow, sonic one would start a company to purchase it, and let it out on hire at evening parties.'' Tho company lias been formed, hut tho Koh-i-noor was not, l'orl beaming. One million, two millions, tlireo millions, lour mil mid only a piece of rock-cry still, mid not worth li vo shillings! Dear fellow humans ! excellent fools! admirable knaves! Oh, forgive me if 1 laugh, tint, tiro thousand pounds for a piece of rock crystal ! It is too much I— If o-ho-ho-ho-lin-ho !— -Auslralasiau. A Hits hand's IJi.uiv. — Here is a gentleman's diary of his wile's It-taper : — Alonduy -u thick fog ; no seeing through it. Tuesday — gloomy and very chilly ; unseasonable weather. Wednesday — Frosty, at limes sharp. Thursday — Bitter cold in the morning, red sunset, willi Hying elouds, portending hard weullu-r. Friday — Storm in the morning, witli peel of thunder; mr clears afli rwnrds. Saturday (pay-liny) — Gleams of sun-liiue, willi partial lliaw; frost again at night. and pleasant lit diiuiur-'.imc -, hurrienno and ciwiiijsytko at mailt. 