v j , THE AFRICAN GOLD FIELDS. , ; (JTiobi the Haupt Alexander Mail, Aprp 5.) t A DoitKESi'ONDENT who lately left this district for the new African gold- fields, writes :- i , - ,...,. . A Natal, December 16" 1868. u "I arrived here on the 12th instant. At Mauritius three of our party were laid up with the fever., 11 fortunately escaped, We were detained a few days in consequence ; but it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that nearly all the reports we had heard regarding the gold-fields were lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by fourteen men for twelve months, during which time they have only knocked out some 3 oz. of gold. Distance certainly lends enchantment to the view, for few here appear to know anything about the diggings, One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of-¡circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz, from which he said he could got 60 oz. to the ion, which I am sure would not produce a pennyweight. I think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try v of prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely-looking stone who failed to discover' the ghost of a spec, nor could we find the colour on any of the lot he had. If over a fellow deserved lynching he certainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that an English prospecting party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distar ce up country quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 miles. No chance of wagging it here. It will cost £40 per man for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, provisions. &c.; ; consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with then in for a penny or a pound ; we are borne border and are bent on seeing a little of the country ; "but what over you do stay where you are till you hear from you again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians" coming \- over You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the % Diggings if you paid, them, I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again, I say, stay where you are. You remember Mount Hope rush, or-JMount-Hoax, as it was called. The roma good deal ofl'Oi^to'''nb'dâ} this affair, something not quite the a pure merino.' -By the way, I tried to get job at my trade to Vîsa time) but it wouldn't. , earlier The Khtflrs York for/UQxt|^nf)lhing-12s. port months and tweeds of sweet potatoes per day and as for single being as vory(ohcap,|you 'can live as cheaply in'" cretonnes here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing I ' invoices' as yet- 3d for thlrty\pcacnos, and the same amount for ten motors. . . A I wilQlrito as soon as- over I can got a chance of doing so. I wish I was back at Guildford again ; catch me coming on a wild-goose chase again, that's all." 