Tuesday, October 19. Before Mr. Justice Lutwyche and a common jury. His Honor, addressing Mr. Dick, said he had giren the fullest consideration to the point raised last night, and had gone through all tho authorities. It was a point of law, and the prisoner had a right to have it reserved, and lt was reserved accordingly. But it waa his duty to toll Mr. Diek that tho prisoner should be informed that he waa not to place any reliance whatever on the point. Furl her, though it waa not his du*y to draw up the resorved oaae, but the prisoner's advocate, ho would give him what assist ince he conll, end would plaoe his note book at Mr. Dick's dis* poBsl if he called on him at the Fitzroy Hotel. The Term when the reserved point would be laid before the court would commeneo on the 7th of December, and close on the 17th ; after that time tho law should take ita course. The statement made by Archibald before the police court waa then received and read. This statement baa alrendy appeared in our columna. Charles Taylor, examined by . Mr. Pring : Wae a groom, and lately resided at Rock- hampton f knows the prisoner Arohibald ; beoame acquainted with him about twelve months ago; knows John Williams; ssw him in Rockhampton in February last i witness was living with Archibald, looking after a horse called Boomerang ; Baw Williams at Archibald's several times in Fcbruory last; Archibald lived then in Little East-street, where the rail- way Hue goes dowa to the river 5 saw Williams at Archibald's house; koowa George Palmor; first seen him in the latter end of January, about a mile and a-half from the railway elation, up the line ; Arohibald was with wit- ness ; tl WBB bcin-oen eight, and jittiQ o'clock at night ; witness was with Archibald, who was taking some bread and moat to Palmer ; pri-oner had some conrorsation then with Palmor, in his hearing ; there was nothing particular said ; they stayed with Palmor about tlirje-quartars of an hour ¡ Archibald, after their return, spoke to witness about Palmar, and ss'd Palmer was ooming down the nett night to aa allotment af land near the railway, at the end of Little East-street, where Arohib lld lived i he said he was coming down to get some more (hinge ; Palmer came down the next night ; witness ssw him three t thone wore three others ; thore wero Palmer, Williams, Archibald, bimaelf, and a man namsd Mills-, witness went down from Archibald's house with Williams ; saw Archibald there i knows that Archibald went to fetch MillB before bo went there i whon witness got to tho paddock he saw Palmor standing on tho footpath holding his horse ; hu asked witnea- if he would hold hie hores off the foothpath in tho middle of tho road; did so i whilst so engaged the others-Palmer, Archibald, and Williams, were by themselves in tho allotment i saw Mills first when he struck a match ; ho waa sitting under the fence looking in a pocket book for a paper i it might hare been (Ivo and. tttonty yards from where Palmer. Williams, and Arohibald stood I it was very dark; they remained there about twenty minutes; Palmer oame out, git on hil horse, and said he was going out to his camp; Archibald was present i don't know what baonmo of Mills; thinks Williams, Archibald, and himself, went up to Archibald's h TUBO i after that meeting saw Willama and Palmer together, near the butcher's shop, on that allotment; it might have been two or throe days ; prisoner waa not with them, nor did ho see thom ; priaonor went to reside at the Lion Crook Hotel ; that waa about three weeks after tho meeting on the allotment; prisoner told witnees something ater tho meeting, and before he went out to tho Lion Creek Hotel ; he told witness bc had taken Jack out to Palmer, and thoy were going to stick-up Halligan or somo ol the other gold buyers; he said he had giren Williams a saddle and bridle, tho joint property of prisoner and witneei ; went out with prisoner to live with bim at the Lion Ci eel Hotel; saw Williams there often before thc 85th of April ; saw Palmer lhere twice at tl» sids of the house, in the paddock ; never san him in tho day time; saw him once at nine o'clock, and on another time at half-past tee o'clock at night ; never eaw any rationB given tc anyone during the time he was at the hotel; after they had boon about a week at the Liol Creek Hotel Archibald said to witness-" Their, men have misBed Halligan, he had come tin long track ;" understood by " them men ' Archibald to moan Palmer and Williame ; sa« Archibald and Williams four ar five weeki after they went to tho hotel, on the verandah between six and seven o'clock in the evoning ; ii was not dark ; witness was in the bed room ; they wero talking together on the verandah, ano witness wont out lo them ; hoard Williams ask ing Archibald what waa the reason Halligan wasn't going up now ; Archibald said he would go in and see ; that was about seven or eight weeks before the 26th of April ; did not con- tinue to reside at Lion Creek Uotel ; came to live to the Cornstalk Hotel ; on the night ol the 24tb of April was at the Lion Creek Hotel ¡ elept on tho verandah there; was drunk; did not ses Williams, Archibald, or Palmer, on tin verandah or baek yard that night ; or tho 25th of April, got up in the morning, took off his clothes and wnt into bel] got up just before dinner time ; had dinner there ¡ rode a horse into town aftei dinner with Jock Paton, Archibald's groom ; after the 25th of April saw Williams, it waE eight or nine days ; Archibald said to witnesi on the Monday,the next day-"Palmer and J ark have been sticking np Halligan and hart shot him ;" witness asked him how he knew, Archibald said ; " He had had llalltgan's gold in his hand ;" witness asked him where they had gone to ; Arohibild said-he didn't know, ann he wat» b-if he cared ; thare was no. thing more then ; tbie conversation was in thc back yard of the Allante Hotel . «aw William eight er nine days after the 25th nt the Oort ?talk, about half-paat ll o'olook at night witness waa in bad when Williame came to tr, Cornstalk > ho was aslled up and eaw Wilban in the bar i went away with William! to til aorub near the hospital btlow the Range) aa' Palmor there I had a conversation with William and Palmer; afti>r that he came buok again b himself; next day bought a tomahawk and spring balance ; saw priaonor that day oppoait Jagers' butcher! shop ; apoke to him ; toi prisoner he had aoen these men last night, ani i they want'd bim to buy a tomahawk an spring balance, and ho bought them; William and Palmor gave him money the night before told prisoner ho was to take tho spring balano and tomahawk to the Gracemere Scrub, «ni asked prisoner to go with him, he said-" al right ;" priaoaarAnd he went out to the som' on hor-eback t3$cl tho balance and tomthaw] in front of him on the horse t prisoner took i lemonade bottle full of brandy ¡ the aorub wa about th zee-quarters of a milo from the Eace course ; they wont into the scrub about fifty o I sixty yards ; they saw Palmer and Williams ; i I was a little track, and a camp place inside prisoner and he took their horses tn ; saw tin gold in it with Palmer and William«; tho ba| was a rough canvas beg, about fifteen inche long ; saw the bug turned out j there waa i lumtj of gold turned out, it was the ehipe of i doughboy ; heard in tho conversation botweet Palmer, Williami, and Arohibald, it wa retorted gold ; saw Brearme with them ; then was a revolver. By Dis Honor : It was about a foot long. Witness in continuationSsw two or thret revolving pistols: Palmor showed ArchibsU one of the pistols, and enid that was the pisto thev had got-that waa a bright pistol j sav Palmor nnd Williame get a long knife, lay thi gold down, and pat the knife enroll it; the; put the gold on e piece of wood ; a piece wa chopped off: thevnit the knife with something he did not know what, it cut it oft*. Befon this wai donj aaw tll-m stick tho hook o the balance though the bag ; the bslsnoi produced ia like tie one he bought ; there wat a dispute about tie gold hotwoen the whole lol nf thom ; bel wien Arohibald, Williams, ant Palmor ¡ Willisros ho thought said-" Hi thought they hue mire af it, and they said, thii thing weighs sixteen ounoes ; it wae after thal tiley cut tho goll ; could not say whether it wai out with a root or a stick on which the gold wai cut ; after tho picoe was cut off they weighec the little pioor first, and then the big piece Palmor said ttore was not enough in tbs littli pieoe, and tlon they weighed the big piece ¡ Palmer enid he would ohop witness off six oz* from that if he went away with him that night Witness «old, he did not care about goinf away ; thinks both pieces wore ultimately pul back into thc bngi Archibald said nothing al this time about the cold, it came on to rain; Palmer told Arohibald to koop one of th< revolvers out of the Tain ; it was the brigW revolver; saw Palmor give Archibald £3 Archibald eaid he wanted to pay a lemonndi bill; Palmor asked him how he was of foi money, he said he wanted to pay the lemonadi bill and others ; Palmer gave him the £3 : Williams gave £1 to witness ; hs lessee William« whether it should he £2 or nothing! lost the toss ; saw Williams rake up with hil finger a ring ; he fossicked it out from tht roots of a sapling; it was a very larg; ring ; il looked like gold er brass, was not very close tc soe ; it was no: very clean i thinks it wai I plain ono as far si he could eoe it ; Williamt said he had tossed Palmer for it in the morning and he could not say which won it ; Archibald dunged hats with Williams ; the hat produced is eomolliing like the hat prisoner gave tc Williams. Sorgrant Judge t The hat produced he found on Williams' hiad after being arrested. Witness in continuation : Changed hil bel with Palmor ; Palmor eaid William! had got i good hat, nni ho might as welt have one too | had u drink at the Cornstalk, another at thc Racecourse ffotel, and a drop out of the bottle Archibald took out ; Archibald took some ol the brandy out of the lemonade bottle and thc other« also ; prisoner and he returned to Rock- hampton, and loft Palmor and WilliumB in the scrub. The prisonort Tour Honor, Detective Mooney ia in the roora behind thc witness box making faces and grinning at me. Hi« Honor : It is very wrong and indeoent indeed if it be true. Prisoner! Deteolive Mooney it a bitter enemy of mine ; ho is grinning and putting out UH tongue ut mo. Dotectire Mooney ¡ All thc constables can say, your Honor, if I have done so. Hu Honor (addressing tho oonatablos) i Ie that true ? Two constables said it was not true, nis Honor ¡ lint will di. Witness in continuation : Saw Williams after that day in the scrub-thc 6th of May ; he carno to live at tlie Cornstalk, but did not see Palmer ; don't know what became of the tomahawk i san the eprint; balance given to Arohibald -, prisoner sud William! then came to the Long Bridge Hotel, near the Yeppon Yeppen Lagoon ; I left Archibald down the stroet; witness got drunk ; saw Archibald tho next day in the Corn- stalk ; he said to Williams what have you done with my huT, saddle, and bridle; he said nothing oonnected with the murder; tho day i witnesa was nrreatod, on a Wednesday, had a conversation with prisoner, on tho road between I Rockhampton and Lion Creek ; it wes before witness was arrested ¡ witness was coming in with Martin O'Neil from Lion Oroek ; prisoner j said to witness he thought the best pinn was to go in and give information to tho police ; Archibald 6nid it waa getting pretty hot | witness [ aaid he could go if ho likod, he should not Bo | ; had a conversation tho day after with Arohibald ; witness wa« tn th" cell and prisoner was on tho verandah, near the door, wliioh hos an opening in it; witu?a« did not know then prisoner waa in custody ; pi isuuer spoke to him first, and said, the people outside had witness half hung already ; prisoner then asked witness if he could tell him where there was and gold planted ; he said he would sell it at £1 BD ounce, and get witness s lawyer before be would be licked ; witness said ho knew a b - sight more about it than he did ; that was all ho could remember. By Mr. Diet : Has told pretty well all be knows about tho matter i his recollection is not a very good ono ; told Judge part of what wit- ness told to-day ; did not tall Judge that «ss ali ho knew ; did'nt care to tell Judge any more ; did not like to tell ¡ told Judge he knew nothing about tho murder except what Archibald told him ; still swears he knows nothing about the murder except what Archibald told him ; gave evidenco against Williami in that Court ; told then everything as he told it to-day; hie memory was better to day than on the trial of Williams ; come from the gaol that morning ; ia a prisoner there on a charge of being aoceesory to the mordor of Patriok Halligan ; no one spoke to him about giving evidenoe in this case; was asked to give evidence in Williams' case, and refused ; was blowed if be could remember who asked him ; wa« told at the gaol that- he might be wanted, and ho refused to do eo against Williams ; that was one or two dava before fae gare h¡8 evidence on the trial ; Mr. Elliott spoke to him ; no one asked him to give evidence ; Mr. Elliott did not show him at the time Archibald's statement ; he had na con- versation with witness ; Elliott said he might be 1 wanted ; witness said he would not go-he'd rather etand his trial'; the only other conversa* I tion he had about going into the box was with the prisoners in the gaol ; Elliott did not say to him, if you don't go into the box to hang Archibald, Archibald will go into the ' box to hang you ; Elliott and he were in a cell by themselves when the conversation took place; bad someconver eatiou with Mr. Elliott in th's lockup ; he did not then say "if you dm't hang Archibald, Archihdd will hang yon;" they brought him down from the gaol by force to the lockup, and then they asked him if he WBB of the same opinion still, and witneB« «aid hs was, and then J Elliott said if you don't go into the witness box you'll have to go into tho dock ; witness J Baid, "I'll think shout;" he did think aboutit, ^but WOB never asked afterwards until he waa called into the witness-box; there waa nn farce ueed to put him in therj¡ don't ano» whether Ilia being tried dependa upon Arjlii'iald'e con- viction or acquittal > beard Arohibald tell in the Court what he knew of the murder- in Bris- bane gaol aaw Willlama i aiw a oap; of the depositions with him i witness can road a rory little i Williams hadn't a oopy of the denosi I tiona whilst witness waa with bim ¡ should not think he was friendly inolined towards Archibald ¡ reeo'lects calling out to O'Brien in the gaol whilst speaking to Arehibild, " don't speak to that b--y hangman ¡" flret met John Williams, not at Gympie, but at Toowoomba rsoes- know Archibald in Victoria b 'fore he knew Williams i hal seen Williame at Too- woomba racecourse and several other race- courses before he came to Bockhatnpton ¡ Williams was a friend of bia i Williamt was not very clover at cards ¡ don't know wHtt he did for his living ¡ went out to Baker's hut, and saw Palmor when ho got there i Baw him there afterwards ; saw priaonor with him t had a shrewed guest what they (Palmerand Williams) were doing there ; waa thors three or four times ; went out Bret to swop a bay mare for a grey oob Palmer had ; that was tho first time he, Palmer, and Williams were st Baker's hut - bis shrewed guess, as he was toll, was to stiok-up some of the gold buyers . he knew they wera there for that purpose i that waa the latter end of February, when he was living at Archibald's, as boarder i don't reoolleot riding psst M'Nevin'e hut in Marou last with William«, believes it was with Palmer ; don't reoolleot seeing M'Nevin at Baker's hut at all- never took out any pro- visions to any of them; didn't oars about giving information that Palmer and Williams wore waiting at Baker's hut to stick up gold buyers; on a Sunday, the 2nd of May, saw Mrs. M'Nevin at the door of her hut ; did not say to her, "do you know where the body of Halligan wa« put ;" hoard her examined a« a witness against him in the Polios Court ; the enid to him first Halligan'* death was a fearful job, or something like that; then she asked witness if he had anything to do with it ; told her no ; and then witness said, " I wonder where they put the body ;" she said she did not know ; witness told her that Archibald had told him all about it; witnosa was going out to Chandler's that day, about a mile further on ; knows Fred. Charlton ; did not see him ab >ut Biker's hut whilst Palmer and Williams were there; first boeatne aware of the fact that Palmer and Williams intended to stick-up Halligan in January this year ; it was ofter he went to lire at Archibald's tint he went to Baker's hut ; heard of Halligan being missing on tho Monday morning about ten o'clock ; was working about the sale yards for bis living; didn't oare about giving information then to the Police about the murder ; saw Williams at the Cornstalk eight or nine days after the 25th ; did not see him between, nor Palmer either, until the night when Williams esme to witness at the Cornstalk ; went out to M'Nevin'e, not with the intention of getting tho reward, but told M'Nevin if he could find the body he would give information and got the reward ; he went to the scrub near thu Hospital with WilliamB, booauee he waa asked to go ; he did not go for nothing ; he did not go with the intention of getting part of the gold or the notes ; be did ! not know until he got there ; when be returoed from the Bomb it waa before one in the morn- ing ; had an idea that the balance was wanted to weigh the gold ; Arohibald said he wu afraid to go any further ; when lie got out towards the Graoeranre sorub, Arch bald asked witnosa to tell Palmor and Williams not to come near his place ; did not eay to Archibald you had bettor ooma ta see thorn, Palmor would go away if he went to see them ; witness got none of the gold at the sorub | Williams gave him the £1 for taking out the tomahawk and scales. Archibald did not get any of the gold ; the three (Palmer, Williams, and Archibald) were speaking about tho nciglit of the gold i the £3 was given to Archibald to pay Maurice Harris a lemonade bill. Palmer offered a piece of gold to witne'B, but not to Archibald ; ehangod hie hat, because Palmer could not very well come into town to get one i his reason for going to see Williams and Palmer in the sorub was because he was acquainted with them i did not know until after the conversation with Arohibald at the lockup was finished that the polios were outside at the time ; but whon Arohibald left tho door, wit- ness saw Mr. Elliott pass the cell door; saw Williams tho day after he met him in the aorub ; knows nothing of that horse of Archibald's that was takei aw vy. By Mr. Pring : Was brought down in hand- cuffs to the Polioe-oourt, that wal what he meant by force ; after having seen Mr. Elli Mr. Jones, an attorney and solicitor, and after that he thought it best to give his evidenoe i in the case against Williame, he ivis nover asked about anything that had ooourred prior to the 25th of April ; Archibald knew Palmer and Williame oampod at Baker's hut, when he was at Lion Creek. Andrew Bagot, a dairyman, deposed : Knsw P. Halligan ; saw him last on the 25th of April, at Lion Creek Hotel, in the forenoon i Archibald kept the hotel ; saw Arohibald there when he saw Halligan. Jan it Fulton, deposed to seeing Halligan at Doon Crook, returning towarle Rockhampton, on tho 25th, about five o'clock in the evening. By Mr. Diok: Never «aw Palmor, knows Taylor; never saw him there; saw MoNerin there, Frederick Norris deposed to seeing Halligan on the Downs, on the «ame afternoon, u'ioiit two miles from the sorub, on tho Morinish side, about half- past fire o'olouk; be was riding towards Rockhampton at a strong canter. Robert Byrne deposed : He was nt tho Lion Creek Hotel at twelve o'clook on the night of the day on which Milligan's body was found ; he saw Archibald with a bottle of brandy in his bund; the bottle WM then absut half full, and he was drinking ort of the bottle ; Mrs. Archibald asked witness to take it from him ; ho triod to do so, but prisoner would not give it to him; witness then went to the bar to get a drink ; Paton supplied bim | Archibald WSB on tbs floor, and swearing by the Holy Ghost that be was master of the house, and no woman ; Arohibald followed them out, and threw the glaBB he held against the fence. By Mr. Diok : Arohibald had been taking too much to drink. William Pattison, dopoeed: Was travelling from Yaamba to Rockhampton, on the 25th April, in a buggy; knows the oorner of Trelaedee fence ; a road brandies off there through the sorub ; passed the oorner of the fence on hie return home ; paseed a man stand- ing there, whom he recognised as John Williams ; it was about ten miuutea past five o'clook. By Mr. Dick : Saw Archibald in his own house when witness got there. By His Honor : He pulled up at the door to have a drink, and aaw Archibald inside ; reached town close upon eix o'clock. John Henry George Mills deposed tint he esme from North Ipswich, ia thiB colony, and was a »took drover. In January last he was coming from Ban Ban, in the Burnett district, towards Rockhampton. At the Boyne Cros- sing he met a party travelling with a person in charge of sheep ; that person was Palmer. Witness oame on to Rockhampton. Palmer came in company with him. He arrived in i Rockhampton in the latter end of January or tbe beginning of February. Palmer gove him a j oheque for something over £3. This was at Alligator Creek, coming in to Rockhampton. When they got to Rockhampton they parted company, and witness went to the Leiohhardt Hotel. He knew prisoner. He saw him after his arrival in Rockhampton. On the night after his arrival prisoner came to him at the theatre. He tola him George wanted to see him. He went with him to the crossing where the tramway crossed the road to the wharf. There were persons there, but he could not tell who they were. Palmer waa there. It was a . dark night. Prisoner left him there with Palmer, who was on his hons. Witness went up to him and Palmer spoke to him. Coull not Bay Archibald waa there. Archibald went over to others who were there. Palmer did not give him anything. Ho did not see prisoner again that night. After Palmer had spuken to wilna» he vont back ta the theatre. He atilt had tho oheque in lui possestion. The neit da; he eaw prisoner in Bolsover-atreet, near where they were before. It waa near prisoner'a place. WitnoBe aaked what was tho real name of the man. Witness had known Pulmer pre- viously as George Rjae. Prison r anid nothing to that. Prisoner said the police were after thu man George, and they had been firing at him, and he said that Georgs wantod a par of pistols, would witness buy them for him. Ho said that George said he ought to get a piir for £i IOs. Prisoner represented to witness that I ha had a £20 oheque, and wanted t<> got it changed at the bink. He left him and went to the bank near the Fitzroy Hotel. Ho said he waa going to the bank. Witness siw him about half-au-hour afterwards. Witnosa met him at tho corner of Shepherd's, near the poet-otBco. Ho oiimo up to him and gare witness between £3. and £1. He told him to get a pair of pistola before witness took the money, but ho did not buy the pistols. He thought better of it-lomothing told him it was not right. Wit- ness went into Maoaroe's pawn office, and came out again. Prisoner was waiting for him, and he gare the money back to him. Witness stated to him that be oould not get them at tbc price hs had mentioned. Prisoner said nothing, and they separated.* He did not soe him afterwards ta speak to. He gars the oheque ho rooeivocÇfrom Georgr, to prisoner the next morning after he had seen Rose at the railway crossing. I By Ur. Diok : He did not try to get. the pistols at Macaree'a, sad when ba stated he oould not get them at the price he named, but did not till prisoner about them. When he went in he asked the price, and wa< told they wero £71 if he got. them for Aro shillings lie would not hare taken them. John Aytmn Paton deposed that in April last he waa labouring about prisoner's place the Lion 0 eek Hotel. He ¿new Palmor and Williams, and had seen them in the dock during tho pressât assize. Previous ta Satur- day last he had seen them at prisoner's house Ho had seen them on Sabbath, the 18th April. He saw priaonor talking with Williame Did not hear what passed. On Saturday, tho 24th, ha saw P ilmer at the house. He came about eight o'clock at night. He came on foot up from the paddock. He remained until twelve. Witness sat on the baok verandah with him, talking, Tiley went in bad a drink, and wit- ness went down the paddock with him, and helped him to take a saddle off a block horse and put it on a bay nun. Prisoner was not at home when Palmer earns. He saw Williams oo ne home with Archibald at night, at 12 o'clock. Tom Bignell was with them. Palmer wat then ia the house. The witness repeated the evidonoe given by him in thc preceding trials of Palmer and Williams, and said in addition that he had Been Palmer and Williams together at the hotel before the 25th April i had never seen them leave it together ; he snoe asked prisoner what Williame was, and he replied, a shepherd on the Downs i he remem'iered the day the body of Patriok Halligan was found; prisoner o ima home that night, about ten o'clock, with.Cnn Btable M'Mulkon ; he said they had been away in eearoh of Ur. Elliott, to tell him of the news of the body being found ; he knew Robîrt Burns ; saw him at the house that night ; wit- ness served him with a drink ; after, strangers went away, and the house closed ; prisoner got into a tremendous oxoited state ; he grabbed up a bottle nearly full of brandy off the the table, and lifted it up to his mouth, saying he would poison himself; he enid the worda twice| he then went into the bar, and got a full bottle of brandy, and told the missus to let him poison himself ; Bhe would not let him ; he then ran towards the oreek, saying he would drown him- self ; he further said that the body was found, and ho was done for ; ho got priaonor into his bedroom, and put a sofa across the door, where witness laid all night. Br Ur. Dick : On the evening of the date the body wot found, there were three strangers tn the house-a bulloak driver, a shepherd, end Donnelly-also, Mr. A'ohibald, Prior, and the laundress; the shepherd and bullock driver were camped on the other side of the lagoon ; prisoner said about the body being found when witness was bringing him up from the creek, after he bad gono down to try to drown h'tneolf ; wit- ness lisa hold of one arm and prisoner's wife of the other i witness thought by prisoner's con- duct then that he knew something about the murder ; witness said something about it to the police, but oould not say whether before or after prisoner's arrest; prisoner had a fe»- nob Sion that night ; the poison he wag going to take waa brandy. By the Attorney-General : Prisoner had ordered Lissie Prior to her bed before the dis- turbance occurred. Elizabeth Prior, who had been in prisoner*! employment, gave evidence similar to that given by her in the cases against Palmer and Williams By Mr. Diok ; Prisoner had been drinking on tho a ty the body wee found. Ho had not been drinking much before that day. Prisoner dii not go to bed before her th it night. She went to bed at twelve at night. She slept in tin house. About threo o'olock in the morning sui was roused up by a rory great noias. She gal up to see what it wes. It was priaonor kicking up a row. Catherine M'Nevin repeated her formet evidence. Don lld M'Nevin was also examined, ano testillH to tho facts already detailed br him. By Mr. Dick : Had seen Taylor with Palmei and Williams at Baker's hat and witness1 plaoe Frederiok B. Hall deposed to selling Taylor i spring baku '0, about the 6th May. Robert Dunoan and Elisabeth Duncan re peated the evideaoe given by them, and airead} reported in our oolumns. Sergeant Judge deposed1 to Anding the ep-inj tn'aico at the Lion Creek Hotel. Prisoner tole him ho would And it banging up in a smsl room off the bar. He tola witness he wouli find his bat on prisoner Williams, and that wu the hat prisoner produced. By Mr. Dicks Whe.i p.isoner give him tba information, he did not think he was in thi same oeil with M'Nevin. Prisoner volunteered the information. Thia closed tho caso for the Crown. Prisoner oalled no witnesses, and Mr. Diok addressed the jury on behalf o prisoner. He said the prisoner stood charge! as an accessory before the fact-to murder. Am they might not perhapi be aware that thi punishment of that off'nee was death, equal ai with the puniahment of murder. He would draw their attention to the foot in order th« they might not confuse the crime as being accessory before the fact with the crime o accessory after the fact. And if they acquitted prisoner on the present charge, there was no tbig to prevent hie being arrested again, end indicted by the Attorney-General on the charge of being accessory after the fact. Now the one with which prisoner waa charged was punished with the eapital puniahment of death, and the other charge by " certain terms of imprison- ment as was laid down by Statute." He (Ur Dick) laboured under great difficulty and die' advantage in defending the prisoner, he had opposed to him the leaders of the bar in the colony, and hie addreai would be replied to bl tho learned Attorney-General. He would asl the jury to take into their consideration, that the life of tho prisoner was at stake. It waa nc ordinary case of felony, such as stealing olothet or goods, but they wera trying the prisoner foi hie life. He (Mr. Diok) felt the great respon- sibility of the defence devolving u-ion him, and however incompetent he might be to discharge the task, be would endeavour to the best of hil poor ability to put such features of the case, at were in priaoner's favour, oe plainly ss he could Ha would aik lame of the jury who eat ai jurors in the trials of Palmer and Williams, tc be very careful and throw out of thar con- sideration all that they had board respectini prieoner in the trial of those two men. The prisoner's cass as be atood in the dock, was a different one altogether from that of Pal mn and Williams, and it would be their duty to give a verdict in occor lanna with evidence, and thc evidence adduced at that trial only. They should not allow into their consideration anything con- cerning the case they had heard ont of doors, what thar had asea ¡a (he papen ar hid been told. Then thing« they should throw out of their consideration, and be guided only by tibe evidence. It was with the jury to «av whether th; life of the prisoner should be taken sway or his being discharged, and ai it might tura out hie being arrested on another charge. They should bear in mind that a life taken away could never be restored, and it would be too late then to diaoovsr that they had been in- fluenced by any bias or by aoyoirounutauoe not connected with the eridenoe. Now wai their time to think of it. Ho asked them to keep thoso matters in mind when they were oort «¡dering their verdict-what ¿he awful con sequonaes of such a verdict might be. He would point out that to be au aeoMsory before the fact-prisoner should know a orime «rae to be committed-that murder was to be tlie . result. If they, therefore, thought on con- sideration of the whole of the evidence, that prisoner did not intend to take any part ia the robbery, and merely stood by and ei'ently aoquieioed, he thought His Honor would tell them that they could not find bim guilt) of being an accessory before the fact, ft is re- quired not only a knowledge but a commanding* aiding, advising or assisting in some way the commission of the offenes. The ooh/ evidence with respect to that, they hid, «rai the state- ment ra¿de by persons, and they bad to look to the ohvturajtaacBi under which it was mada, and .as His Honor would inform them, , they might believe the whole or any part of it, or diaboliere it altogether. The only evidence adduced wa«, he submitted by that statement, aa to whether prisoner had advised, oounselled, or assisted in the robbery of Patriok Halligan. (Ur. Dick here quoted from Russell on Orraes on the law of accessories ) In considering the question aa to whether there waa a robbery or murder-they should consider whether Palmer and Williams premeditated it, and whether they believed prisoner wa« awareof their intent at the tims to oomrait murder, and that he did no mote than conceal it. He (Ur. Ttiok) ?aid he had not. Kow, taking the story from its commencement, how did it look ? Why, Williams was a friend of Taylor's, not of Archibald's, end eo far aa Old Jack's acquaintance related to Taylor,-and prisoner oould not have oounselled him to do what he would have done without prie mer's knowledge. It was oontended that Archibald tras the putter up of the robbery of Halligan. What proof waa there ol it F What did he get for it? What was his motive F What benefit did he attain by it P He never claimed and never got any of tho gold. He oould not get any benefit from tbe house at Lion Creek-it wai absurd to say it He waa not the tentrnt-Scanlau waa the to'tant from Halligan, and Archibald took it from Scanlan, and he therefore oould have had no interest-BO far in the result of Halligan!** death. And it oould not be contended that the words used in a (tate of half drunken insanity, were to go in support of tho theory that bo was to reap any benefit with reapeot to the hone, hy the non- recovery of the body. It did not matter what Williami and Palmer said after- wards with reepeor to prison sr \ it was not with haviugaknowledgo of it ns abouttobecommittod, that prisoner wai charged with, but with having a knowledge of it before it was going to be com- mitted. Taylor's evidence, eo for os it related ta prisoner with respect to a conversation alleged to have taken place previoui to tho commission of the ofibnoo, waa totally unworthy of belief. The jury had hoard him swear that he stood by without reporting the matter to the police, as he said because it waa no business of bia. Did he not appear to beliere that if he failed to give hil evidenoe satisfactorily that he would be, sa he could be, placed in the dock, and on hil trial. It waa to him s mattor of the greatest im- portance that he should get out of custody. the witness box ; he knew he wat to «weir, nod swear ho did t could they say they oould believe one word of his statement, He kn ta- all about it, sod if anyone put up. the murder lt was Taylor i he knew what he hid to swear,-it was li's against life, and he swore to (ave hit own neck. But in what way oouIáUhe jury believe animal courage, and Archibald throughout the story wai showti to be an ignorant mon nnd a coward. Pris mer had certainly not given in- formation ebout tho robbery, ont it wie foi them Co eay if they beliored he planned it Tho whole of the story went to show that what hs did before fae wai arrested, he did under fear and terror. He knew that hie life WSB at*|he command of those two mon. He wai, no doubt oowed, tts many a man yunJfi be, living in so lonely a situation as LianBMk, and two armed eoou tdrels riding ttiroUgoTSbe district, and prowling about the neighbourhood of hts house- They should reoolloot that tbs ouniibmunt of tho offence with which prisoner wa« charged was not a term of years of imprisonment but death, and they should I e rory careful how they reoeived the evidenoo. It had boen said he heard tho oonreri iti in about the «ticking up . but was there eridenoe of hil having assisted P did he take either gold or notes! No | be never mide a claim for it, avid oould reap no benefit from it They should rerolled that people did not jeopardise their lives for nothing. What did prisoner do the moment he saw lu's life wa« in danger F. Why be told all be knew, end in fact asked T -ylor to go in with him that afterno sn. But whit wo« Taylor doing at U'Nevin's hut F end why did he go riding about the country with Palmer and Williams P He (Ur. Dick) said to the jury, that if any got the gold, Tayl ir shared it with them. Taylor wai, he submitted, unworthy of belief-out out bil eridenoe and where waa tbe evidence to show prisoner had assisted and plotted in the oommiesion of the oSenoeP What Paton said was no evidence of assisting- Then osme Mr. Mills, who had hil .part of tbs story plain and pat. To his endues, credence could not be given j so it waa tK(t?pt>rideoce against firisoaer was brought by snob witnesses link by ink-Taylor and those two witnesses. Now the evidence pointed out that Archibald did not buy the pistols, end had nothing to do with.it. He unfortunately could not give his testimony in contradiction to Mills, Paton, and Taylor. Prisoner's mouth was closed i and he (Mr. Dick) submitted, that from the whole of the facts dieoloBed, the jury oould feel justifie I in returning a verdict of uot guilty against the prisoner. If the law were stretched to ita fullest extent, there was not one concerned or knowing of the murder but oould be put in the dook. But justice «rai temperad with mercy, and those persona were not all charged with being tmplioated in the murder. The jury sh'iuld be satisfied that prisoner bad aided, oaiiated, anet abetted the murder. Why,, if Palmer or Williami were put in the witneBs bix, he did not suppose that either of them wonld tell the jury that when they set out on this expedition they designed to oommit murder. How, then, oould they say prisoner knew of it beforehand, and sided, assisted, and abetted it, ? Now, he came to the statement, and, as he had said already, it waa for the jury to say what portion of if they would cut out of it, or dis beliereitaltogether. WhatwerethecircumetsneeB under which it was given. First, they bad the reading of the telegram st the public meeting, end the offer of the reward, and free pardon ; then they bad prisoner's arrest t but when ba waa arrestad, he knew that then hil life was tafe, and ha gave a voluntary statement con- taining evidenoe that the sccompUoe Taylor would have given had he dared. They saw the information that prisoner gave hod been suited on by Sub-Inspector Elliott, who arrested prisoner upon that information. Archibald thus i did all in his power to bring tba rigot parties to iustioe, and most likely Williams would never nave been found were it not for Archibald. 1 Again, he could get to the Lion Creek Hotel in ten minutes, and when ha i was arrested most probably knew that if he gave information bia life was safe. He had been incarcerated for several months, end had every difficulty against bim getting witnesses to prove tbese matters. He made no claim to the reward, he wanted Ur. Elliott to have it. It would be for tbs jury to say if the action of the prisoner after bia arrest waa luob ai would lead them to the belief that he aided, abetted, and aiaiated before the murder waa committed. He told hie story plainly, he kept nothing bock, and gare ie knew that fae or Archibold would of all tba information lie copld «hen bia carno of terror waa removed. Could they believe that a peraon living in town, and gaining hil living by horse-dealing, »nd moving out to a lonly plaoo tike Lion Creek, that he would not stand in fear of euoh men aa Palmer and Williams were deaoribed to be. If he knew of the intention to rob, yet stood silently by, he wai not guilty of the charge he waa indicted on. A number of witnesses bad been sailed to testify to a murder, and (hero waa no-doubt but a murder had been committed, and that they knew who oommitted it- but the Crown, he submitted, bad failed to eonneot prisoner with it. The jury should consider, after leaving the scene of . the murder how far it bore on prisoner i cut out the evidenoe of Taylor, Paton, and Milla as unworthy of belief, and consider the circum- stances under which the statement had been made by prisoner, end there waa nothing to sustain the charge against him. He trusted he . had not taken up too muoh of their time, but begged of them in considering their verdict to keep impressed on their minds the duties im- posed on them by their oaths to look narrowly into the evidence, and he felt sure that what- ever their verdict might be, it would be a verdict of justice and of right. The Attorney-General, in reply, said that prisoner was charged with being an aooeiaory before the foot to a murder committed hy one or two persons, and he might tell the jury at onoe that from his review of the oiroumatanoea of the ease he oould not charge prisoner with any lighter offence. He would ask the jury to satisfy themselves beyond a fair and reasonable doubt whether prisoner bad been an accessory before the fact to the murder of Patriok Halligan. They would bear in mind they should discharge their duty on the oaths they had taken, and without fear, without con- sideration es to the oonaequenoes to the prisoner. Even if the penalty were death to him, they should not shrink from the duty imposed on them, and they were sworn, he need hardly remind them, to perform it. The crime of an a-oompliee before the fact waa held by the law very much in the same estimation as the orime of a principal. If they did not oonolude that prisoner ministered to the crime, the charge against him ended. But he thought he oould show the jury that prisoner had moved and helped in the commission of the orime, end had concealed it, that he had not been misled or misguided, because tn effeot he was one of the actual instigators. In approaching the case, the consequences to prisoner were not alone to bo rogarded, but also the influence and ofloot t e orime wherewith he was charged, had upon society-that was supposing their con- clusion between tho Crown and the prisoner were so evenly balanced, and they felt all the obligations of their oaths in pronouncing Snioner guilty or not guilty. The labour of the rown in establishing the charge ogainat prisoner waa directed to two points, namely-was Patriok Halligan ' murdered P and was prisoner in the terms of the statute an accomplice before the faot of the murder F It waa necessary for them to consider whether men, before they set out upon the commission ot a felony, intended to murder. It was the natural remit they should judge of, and if a prisoner charged with being an aooessory before the fact had, when they were setting out, etsieted, or appeared to have given them the least aid. If, in the accomplishment of that felony, Patrick Halligan had been done to death by thoie men, under the command or inatinotion of the prisoner who stood in the dook, he was equally liable with them. They were his instrumente according to law, and by that law was the jury sworn to deal with the facts of the ease, as shown by the evidenoe. The fha re knowledge of an intent to commit murder would not make bim liable, but it had been lain down in law that those who by ooun esl, .eonjmsnd, approval, assenting, aiding, or abetting, were liable, and that their actual presence or aid in watching and keeping off any help that might ooma to deliver the "viotim waa not ueoussjf, But, if by finding arms, or by Îliving information they assisted, tbeir liability ollowed. If by any of thsae. means the Crown showed prisoner had aided in {the murder, he wai liable to the punishment of the orime. On thia point he (the Attorney-General) would have full oonfidsnre in their deliberation. He knew they woulc do justice to the prisoner, while tiley would also do what wai right on behalf of the law, and they would bs satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt before arriving «tr then- conclusion. It wai for them to say whether he wai guilty or not leaving the matter of hil pn-Jshment to be'dealt with by the law. He ML only briefly draw attention to the facta of.fpBKase. He thought that from the evidence-they would be eatisfled that Patriok Halligan wai murdered on the 26th April, near the Six-Mile Scrub, and that his body had been found in the river Fiteroy with marks of deadly violence upon it. They should be satisfied as to who they believed robbed Halligan, and by the evidenoe how far prisoners Archibald, Taylor, Palmer, and William! were oonneoted with it, es after the murder they were found dealing with the fruits of it. That alone would only be ?ufuoient evidenoe of prisoner being an aoootn piles after the faot, but if, in addition to that transaction, he is found engaged with those men, acting with them, counselling and assenting, then the evidenoe became etrong in support of the charge of being an accessory before the faot to rob-to arm to rob with violence If they -were sativfied of that, then it would be then duty to see they did eo without entertaining any reasonable doubt on the subject. What kind of man was the man they sought to rob F It had been testified to, that Patrick Halligan waa a toon of about thirty-five years of age, active and resolute, and on the 25th April he wai armed. Did the jury believe these men knew he waa armed t ' did they n-expeot him to be so that they provided themselves with arms F Sow, what wouldheMnonelusion the jury, OB reasonable men, wWoVtrrive at in ooniidering what would the conséquences of the iticking up of Halligan. A mea like Halligan, armed, being etuok up by two armed men for tbs gold he had in bil possession, and for the protection of which be was armed. Would it not be death to both of the armed men, or one of them, or death to Halligan himself. If that orime were aided, -counselled, commanded, or procured by any means supplied by prisoner, they should find him guilty. It did not matter if the men at the outset only intended robbery, Kow, he would assume that it waa the body of Halligan, found in the river, and that he wse murdered murdered-by whom? He said by Palmer and Williams-the whole of the evidenoe pointed to them as the ootual robbers and murderers. There oould be r.o reasonable doubt of that, yet he would still caution them as judges of the facts to weigh them for themselves. It was bia duty, representing the Crown, to put the facta before them in accordance with the appearance they assumed to him. Ti hit complexion of the facts bora any bias, it waa for them to deoide upon it, end tost it accordingly, he but put the ooneluaion presented to his mind. The learned Attorney-General here. referred to what had taken place, as shown by evidence at the Six Mile Ssrub. Palmer and Williams were the men who, in fact, oommitted the murder. Those fast* were uncontradioted by anything that had fallen from the lips, of either Taylor or prieoner. gaylor told them-Palmer, Williams, prisoner «ind himself were dealing with the gold in some way in a sorub, and though it don't appear Archibald got any of the gold there it waa enough for the purpose of the Crown tbat he bad been dealing with the dead man's property in a scrub. Why were they there secreted if they were rightly possessed of the gold. Now, when waa the deed moved, and by whom Î He had to remind them of the difficulty frequently thrown in the woy of the administrators of justine, and then being obliged st times to call for the Crown some witnesses, wi o were not free from taint. He was not aware that Taylor was the instigator of the murder although it had been erserted again and again by the attorney j fr* tho prisoner Where was the evidence of it F That he knew of the intention to stick Halligan j up was plain, but he failed to soe how it was shown Taylor knew of the intention to murder bim. He was not seen in the councils of those men-he was not always with them. Yet, he (the Attorney-General) was not there ti say that Taylor was a mon of unblemished reputa.- . lion, or a mau of u moral lifo, and an example of reipeotahUity. When four crimínale «et out on a felonious enterprise, each one expected the othor's tongues to bo silent. If the instru- ments of crime did not sometimes fail tbeaotors in the commission of orime, and not let out the dread aeoret the lav would fail to atrille home, ?nd deal out ita juatioe to those who deserved it Now, as to wheo this orime was moved, they found that as early aa January last prisoner was active in introducing Williams to Palmer-be brought them together, and et an ullotment of lund, near Little East-street, Aohibsld, Palmer, Williams, Taylor met. Taylor told them that and he was corroborated in that particular by Slr. Mills, end what did Mr. Milla say that they aa reasonable men oould not believe. Mr. Mills, it appeared, wai sought out by prisoner, talion to this allotment, and then solicited to prooure arma for Palmer, whom hs only know at the time as Georgo Boee. They found that after- wards Archibald went to the bank, and gave Mr. Mills money to go to Maoareo'e and pur- chase some revolverá. Tbere something struok his mind that lie wu not doing what wai right, and he did not purchase them. He told Archibald hs oould not get them for the money he had. Now wai his eridenoe folio here and not worthy of credence. Might »ot the wordi token exosption to by the couniel for the defenoe have boen twitted in some way. There was hardly an expression that fell from the human lips that subjected to contortion would not appear in accordance with the meoning of the person first uttering them. No doubt Mr. Milli wai glad when he found he oould give a good exouae for not purohosing the revolverá. But it waa valuable to the extent that it wai in corroboration of Taylor who wai oaufirmed not only by Milli but prisoner him- self. But even setting aside Mr. Milli' eridenoe, what did prisoner tay, that he lent Palmer £2, and Old Jack bought the arms, and not only did he know that the arms were purehaeed, and that Halligan waa to be atuok up by these armed men, but they found bim after the murder in the Graoemere Scrub, taking bock (rom Palmer the £2 he lent for the purpose. They bad that statement from prisoner's own lips. That wai alto a corroboration of Taylor who told the truth so far ai he knew. There was no fear of his being tried for hit life. The jury might dismiss from their minds any thought of the intention of the Attorney. General to plooe bim in the .dook-every man knew that once in that witness-box ai Taylor had been, and he wai equitably a witness for the Crown, and he was as free from an; such cir- cumstance ea if he held a free pardon in hie hand that day. There was no evidenoe there to show that he oould be plaoed iu the dook. True, hs knew of tho inteution to stick up Halligan, but they were in possession of hu evidence, and if they found bis testimony con- firmed in the leading particulars, his evidenoe might in fairness and reason be relied on in oironmitanoes of smaller note. Now removing from tbe allotment seor little East-street, what did they find. The presenoe of a person-one of .the murderers under prisoner s roof at Lion Creek Hotel, wai that toot inconsistent with the theory of prisoner having a knowledge of the preoonoerted design of the men. Haring introduced Williams to Palmer, he mored to the line of road between Morinish and Bookhampton, where penong opon whose property design waa meditated, paned backwards and forward, and by prisoner's hotel. Palmer and William! sometime! visited Archibald at hil house, and other times were lurking about Baker's hut and the Six-Mile Sorub. There all passengers to and from Morinish, and other diggings, were oommanded by them, and by Archibold at Lion Creek. Why, he wai a spy for them, and could tell them from time to time who went up and who oame down past his plooe t and as hil statement said, they missed Holligan ono«, becouie they were dressing iq Baker's hut. When their plane matured, they had Archibald at Lion Creek, and Williame at Trehudes fence. Halligan bas passed Lion Creek, and gono to Morinish i the two are waiting near the acrub, Archibald tolls Halligan when leaving-bo sure to oall in, even if he (prisoner) ie in bsd. Now, why did he soy thatf Beoauae if Halligan called there he would know he must hove paned through the snare laid for him at the sorub. They bad now evidence of the Orel movo in the tho crime-of prisoner's proouring or aiding, by lending the money for the purchase of the arms, then the move out of this army of assassins to the soene of the murder, where the deed was oommitted. They had it that on tho Saturday sigbt Williams, Archibald, and another man, came into town. While they were in town " How is it Holligan has not gone up eines," soys Old Jaok. " I'll go in and see," says Archibald. Sid they, or did they not see F Then came tbe arma and the rope. Unfortu- nately poor Halligan did go up, and priaoner knew he would oall at bia bouse going np, The jury had been told he hod no motive to cause him to be an accessory before the fact i thot owing to some legal construction of the law he could not gain poiseaiion of the Lion Creek Hotel. He was an ignorant man, it wai oontended. Well, he might be, but they did not know what had beoome of ell the gold. It woa stated Halligan had 600 or 800 on. of gold, or was supposed to hove. Would that cause him to move in the orime f would thot be his motive t It wai for the jury to judge it. The mare foot of hit not having taken any gold, was no evi- dence that if the amount were lorger he would not decline to take a allure. The motive was, before they got the gold, and having got it, finding it too small in amount, was perfectly coniietent with the presumption that he thought the share too contemptible to take I end perhaps his fear, as be stated be felt when made to touch it by Old Jack, Taylor told them priaoner was on the allotment near Little East-street, but be did not tell much further. If he were a Eerjurer, would be have retted there P Would e not have gone on with the details of a story like the one they had beard ? He mention! the intention of sticking up some gold buyers. He said he was at Lion Creek on the Saturday night, arid there he was corroborated by Paton. Taylor wu corroborated to some extent by Archibald himself and by Judge with respect to transactions at the Gracemere sorub. The Crown did not pretend to say Archibald wat present when Halligan wai killed, but bil own statement showed that he bad a knowledge of the commission of a deed of violence | and if the jury were satisfied with the evidenoe before them, they were at liberty to find prisoner guilty. Taylor's statement was confirmed by Mills, Judge, Paton, Hall, and Prior, and last, and not least, by prisoner's own statement. It was cot for tbe jury to soy under whit oircumitanoee prisoner's statement bad been procured, that waa already decided by the Judge, who received the state- ment ai evidenoe. If they believed priioner a .¡ar and not an accomplice upon that statement, let tbem discard it, but they would hove to clear away the statement! of the other witnostet. There was a sufficiency of evidence, be con- tended, before the jury to justify a verdict of guilty. He said in justioe to those who took thot statement, that they were justified in what they did. M'Mulken might have committed an error, but did he say anything to prisoner that any one else might not have told him about a reword P He soid also, !f you told all you would not have been arrested. But Archibald told them in hie own statement, that be did mislead the police when searching near one of the stations, when Palmer and Williams were concealed behind some rooks. It wo« the re- word he looked for, and was anxious to get that before he would be token SB Queen's evi- dence against his fellow-criminals. It WBS blood money tempted him in the first Ínstanos. Why, in coming in with Doyle, did be wont to tell Sub- Inspector Elliott something to his ad- vantage P At the cell be »poke of the reward, but nothing about hie anxiety to bring thc cri- minals to justice. The jury, he might observe. were not bound to act upon his (the Attorney General's) conclusions, unless they were satis- fied beyond reasonable doubt that they were right Now there was not the slightest eridenoe about pardon or reward being mentioned to priaoner, who by cross-examination suggested a compact had hewn made thit he should be solemnly oautionod aa a matter of form, and was not to mind it. He could hardly conceive 1 lint au officer like Ur. Elliott, of long expe- rience in the duties of hil ofuoe, would entrap a man at the hagard of that man'i life, upon a oonfeuion gained by mob a cowardly and das- tardly stratagem. Oould the jury believe it P How oould they but believe Elliott-but it did not rest there alono, he waa confirmed by Judge and Murray. And tuen priaoner signed the state meat. At the introduction of bis story he a tated that he aided in purchasing fire-arms i and whet did he say when from the lipa of the murderers oame the information that they left I Halligan where he wu dying P Was it ono of I pityP "Leave him on tho road," hs said, "so that some one may find bim."' He believed by his own statement-if they believed it-that Halligan was gagged. Why did he not go I out to Halligan and bring him in, or give tom* information to the police P-if ho were not a willing agent of thole men. But he gave no aid, rendered no oiaiatanoe, did nothing but mercifully tuggeited that poor Halligan should be loft on the road to die-that was his own statement from his own lipa. They hod that statement with Taylor's evidenoe, and upon which he saw no reason why they should not reat. If they believed either prisoner I or Taylor, they should, be admitted, under the dirsotion of the judge, on the oaths upon whioh they were responsible, find priaoner guilty of being an eoosuory before tho faot to the murder of Patriok Halligan. He was turo they would jndge impartially on the foote submitted to them. If they felt satisfied then that they pointed to a verdict of guilty, they should uot, through any apprehension of con eequenoes, hesitate to return it. Tbs Court adjourned shortly before six, uni 1 ten o'olook next (yesterday) morning. 