PUBLIC LECTURE. A lecture, the proceeds of which were devoted to the benefit of the Building Fund of the Baptist Church, was delivered in the schoolroom of that place of worship on Thursday evening, the 17th instant, by the Rev. J. M. Day, on a subject an- nounced as " The true story of certain ghosts I have seen"—-a title sufficiently sensational to attract a large audience, let alone the further attraction afforded by the performances of the Welsh Singers. There was a pretty good attend- ance, and the chair was taken by His Worship the Mayor of Kapunda, who opened the pro- ceedings by calling on the choir to sing the well known glee "Hail, Smiling Morn," in which, however, the want of soprano voices was very much felt. This was followed by a Welsh piece, which being aided by female voices went off much better. His Worship said that some present might have heard the lecture previously. He had not done so; but as the rev. lecturer had been asked to deliver it a second time, he had no doubt it was well worth hearing a second time, and having the help of the Welsh Ghoir, he was sure they would spend a pleasant evening. Both in in his private capacity and as Mayor of the town he was glad to be with them that evening as Chairman of the meeting. He would not farther take up their time, but would at once call upon the lecturer. The Rev. J. M. Day must at the outset confess that he was a firm believer in ghosts—from his earliest childhood he had lived in dread of them. Never should he forget the terrors of the night when he first slept in a room by himself without a lighted candle. The memory of the efforts he then made to keep himself from the power of the spectral crew was burnt into his remembrance, and the determined stand he then made ac- counted, he supposed, for the manner in which they had since beset him. His belief in ghosts was not a consequence of a prepossession in their favour, but rather the reverse—it was the somewhat unwilling, but still absolute belief in the evidence he had himself met with. With Horatio he could say, "I might not this believe without the sensible and true avouch, of mine own eyes." The old proverb had it, that " seeing was believing," and he had seen; still he felt at liberty to examine and cross-examine all the witnesses for and against ghost stories, and to give a verdict according to his judgment. As he had previously stated, with his own eyes he had seen ghosts, his own ears had heard their sepulchral voices, and himself and friends had been the victims of their cruel enchantments. There were stated hours and places when and where ghosts stalked abroad, and a genuine aristocratic ghost would no more go on its rounds in any but the canonical hours than would a fashionable lady commence her morning calls at ten o'clock. The solemn midnight hour was the time of their appearance. The churchyard with its vaults— the ancient hall with its secret rooms and pas- sages, and mysterious closets which had not been unlocked for years—and the halls where some had been put to violent death—these were the fashionable quarters where aristocratic ghosts delighted to dwell. Ghosts were lovers of soli- tude—shunning the noise and din of the busy day, and courting the quiet and solitude of night. Then it was that they made their calls of friend- ship. The progress of civilization, though bene- ficial to all in the long run, like all other changes, brought destitution and poverty to some whilst the change was in progress. If or had the ghosts escaped a similar experience. Sometimes a railway passed through the churchyard, and old houses where they had dwelt were pulled down, thus burning adrift a whole colony of ghosts. Dis- gusted with this treatment, they sought a home elsewhere—left the land of their fathers, the home of their childhood,and taking up their abode in foreign lands, resolved to "shape their old course in a country new." This was how he accounted for the strange phenomena he had met with—in encountering ghosts not only in ordinary pas- senger and emigrant ships, but also in the colony itself—where they might be least expected, seeing that it was in every sense of the word a new country. Indeed, if what they were told by geologists was correct, they were just in the position of a good many families in this colony— they had taken possession of their house before it was quite finished. This, too, accounted for the non-aristocratic character of colonial ghosts ; here they were no longer specially attached to any particular spot, but changed their quarters frequently—a misfortune in which he could sym pathize with them; for though only a new chum, he had had to change his lodgings—or what he sometimes fondly called his home—half-a-dozen times. This was the result of circumstances. It was all very well to say a man should control circumstances, but that was not always possible. Just fancy, by way of example, a man going home after a long hard day's work and there finding a smoky chimney lor a scolding wife, or— worse still, a smoky chimney and a scolding wife—or (as in every depth of human misery there was a still lower depth)—a smoky chimney, a scolding wife, and a squalling babe; what man would attempt to control those circumstances, in place of letting circumstances control him ? All he could do would be to grin and bear it. Grhosts were in the same predicament, and they, too, had to be controlled by circumstances. After this lengthy introduction he would proceed to redeem his promise, and introduce certain ghosts to his friends one by one, and tell their true story. The first ghost was a lady—one of very uncertain age. In her younger days she had been by no means ill-looking or unamiable. She was also reputed to be connected with a very ancient family. It was impossible, however, accurately to describe her, as it was extremely difficult to obtain a good look at the features and form of a genuine ghost. But this one was sharp in feature, with keen scent, and an acute eye; her bonnet was of larger dimensions than the exigencies of modern fashion required, and her dress was distended by one of those hencoop-shaped things which fortu j nately had now passed out of fashion.^ She also wore spectacles, not so much to aid her vision as to enable her to watch those around without being observed so to do. This ghost went i bv the euphonious name of " Mrs. Grundy, ^ and was so quick of foot as to be almost ubiquitous. I She ruled all fashions, and because of her bounce most people lived more in dread of her than of the most ghostly ghost. Though not herself very attentive to dress, she looked carefully after the dress of others; (and latterly had decreed, that as taxes and household expenses were already high, and likely to increase, ladies should wear dresses of such a length as would do away with the necessity for scavengers out of doors or brushes in the house. At another time she decreed that the only fashionable coloured hair was what she called auburn, but for which at school they had a much more expressive name. More lately she had decreed that both "hair and complexion shoidd be dark, as near dirty as possible—so that at present; their friends the aborigines were in the height of fashion. At one time she ordered bonnets to be made of coal-scuttle dimensions— and now, they were as nearly as possible to resemble an oyster-shelL Mrs. Grundy first led tbe colonists to wear puggeries. He should not have been surprised to have seen them in the summer; but he never should forget the impres sion created when on his landing in winter he saw these things worn so generally. Until he looted at their tengey appearane he thought that there had been p. great funeral, and that the Chinese plan of wearing white for mourning had been adopted. [Then he came to the conclusion that they were worn for the same reason that hatbands were in favour with a class at home—because they hid a dirtyand bad hat. Mrs. G . influenced the Crown, the Church, the Court, and the Senate. She it was who decreed that at a fashionable wedding the bridegroom must be at the church half an hour before the bride, leaving him to cool his excited feelings by kicking Tip his heels—enduring a sensation somewhat similar to that of a man who was waiting for the expiration of alike period before he should be hung. Mrs. Gr. ruled in the nurseiy also; and lie was sorry to say that she was also answerable for the very senseless and disgusting practice of turning funerals into fes tivities, so that sometimes those who should be the chief mourners were by the time the funeral took place unable to know what they were doing. Mrs. GL decreed that 3udges and barristers should wear a dress as much like that of a clown as possible, though he was glad to know that in America Judges and lawyers were to be seen in the simple dress of gentlemen; and in this colony, too, the lawyers dispensed with wigs, though they still wore gowns. Mrs. G-. decided which was the fashionable church to belong to, and insisted that all but very stupid people should enter after the service had commenced. Mrs. G-. was not consistent. 2fot long since she looked upon it as a horrible thing for a man to wear a beard or moustache. Dr. Angus (the principal of the college where he studied) had a rheumatic attack, during which his beard and moustache grew; before he shaved again he went to preach at a church at a distance, and when he (Mr. Day} went there shortly after, one lady epeaking of this told him that no Christian man ghould wear a moustache, nor could such an one preach acceptably. These senseless customs were the ghosts they needed to fear most—which con- 1 strained their actions for fear of the ever-watchful ghost whom he had endeavoured to personify by the name of Mrs. Grrundy. The Welsh singers at this stage sang "Ye Gentlemen of England," and the " Spinning "Wheel." The Chairman said that eighteen years ago, when hp was Superintendent of a Sunday School in Adelaide, he let his beard and moustache grow, gome of the ladies took offence, and spoke to the minister, who told him (Mr. Uoeb) that he wished bim to call at his house, as he had some thing very important to say. He went, and the minister said the ladies thought he was a very pice young man, but that he was going wrong as to beard, &c.; Well, out of deference to the ladies, he shaved. But some years subsequently he allowed it to grow again ; and about four or five years back a lady took offence thereat, and left his class in consequence. The rev. lecturer said the next ghost he had to introduce to them was one not only of un certain age, but also of uncertain sex. However he had set it down as an old hag. She troubled the bootmaker very little, for her step was so light that one could scarcely hear her approach. They had all heard of the Irishman's telescope which brought the church so -close that he could hear the organ play. This was surpassed by the ghost in question — Mrs. They say— for she could hear what never was said, and saw things which never occurred. Mrs. They say once gave it out at Mount G-ambier that he had been thrown out of the mail coach and severely hurt, whereas, at that tune, he had not even made ae-: quaintance with those execrable engines of torture -—Cobb & Co's coaches—known as Her Majesty's mail. Mrs. Grundy was simply annoying; but Mrs. They-say was positively wicked—the baddest of the bad. She started malicious whispers which blighted many a fair character: she uttered a few works by which the peace of a household was banished, and discord introduced. This old hag wag a downright hypocrite. She would talk badly of others to you—hugging you meanwhile, and would then go away and speak just as evil of you. She loved the countay best, because there she had most power, Lake the English constitu tion, Mrs. They- say never had been, and never would be, understood. Artemus Ward said they had no daily newspaper in his village, but that they had a female sewing circle, which answered the same purpose; he supposed Mrs. They-say was there. He had a great respect for females generally—for aged females in particular; but of this one he would say—strike at her. She was hard to hit, but if they struck at her, would she like her father the devil, flee away. The lecturer proceeded to introduce and point out the spe cialities of other ghosts. Mr. To-morrow was a veiy troublesome ghost, and a terrible liar. Like Capt. Wragge in Collins's " No Name," he j kept a lot of skins to jump up in, and seldom ap- j peared under his own name. He remembered i once when a young lad, having a strong admi- ! ration for a lady old enough if not to be his ; mother, at all events to have been a very respec table maiden aunt; and in one of his confidential moments he told her with more truth than polite ness, that she looted much better by gaslight than by daylight; and the box of the ears he re ceived quite scattered his affections. Well, he might with less lack of politeness say the same of Mr. To-morrow. To-morrow they would lock the stable; but the horse was stolen to-night. To-morrow were always going to do, but never did. Mr. To-morrow and Mr. To-day reminded bim of a picture in JPunch some time back. An Englishman (whom he would liken to Mr.. To-day) shot a pheasant, when up started a ^Frenchman (whom he would call Mr. To-morrow) and found fault with him, saying that bird had served him for sport for the last fort night, during which time he had always been aiming at, but never hit it—expending lots of powder and shot, but doing no execution. Then there was a son of Mr. To-morrow, a great rascal, who went by the name of Mr. Long Credit. He led people to believe that if they could only get their bills deferred, they would eventually be able not only to pay them, but also to make their fortune. It unfortunately happened that in ap pearance he was something like a brother of his, fin exceedingly honest fellow—Mr. Legitimate Credit. Mr. Long Credit, however, usually led his - captives to the Insolvency Court. Occa sionally he went by an alias—-Screak Bargain— and in this character chiefly haunted thrifty wifes, and led them into acts of folly. Great bargains, whether of merchandise, husbands, or ■wives, frequently turned out to be^no bargains at fill. There were three other ghosts closely related to whom he would introduce them. They were like the three witches in Macbeth—always toge ther for mischievous purposes. Miss It-can't be-helped, who 6afc down bewailing misfortune instead of striving to remedy it; Miss That-will do who was very busy in this colony in house hold matters; at least, that was how lie accounted for the strangely unfinished and uncomfortable nature of some colonial homes. The third of the family was Miss You-don't-know. This ghost chiefly troubled the old, but the young felt the effects of her mischief—she was a sort of concrete embodiment of the old proverb, that " old people knew that young people were fools." These three ghosts might be called by the soubriquets bestowed on three old maids in the town he came from—Plague, Pestilence, and Famine. The pecu liarities of Mr. I-quite- forgotwere next glanced at. In conclusion, the lecturer said he had promised to tell them the true story of certain ghosts he had seen. He was acquainted with more of the family, but he though he had introduced enough for the present occasion. As for ghosts, in the conventional sense of the word, he would gooner meet 10.000 of them than one bushranger; I but he was afraid of ghosts in his sense of the word. They were constantly surrounded by ghosts of all lands, and he must give them a re ceipt to exorcise them, as universally effective as Holloway's Pills were to cure all maladies—Pre serve a good digestion 3 keep a clear conscience 5 and exercise a living faith in Christ. The lecturer on resinning his seat at the termin ation of the lecture, of which the above is only an abstract, was loudly applauded. The Welsh singers having again exercised their vocal abilities, Mr. G-ates moved and Mr. Stobie seconded votes of thanks to the lecturer, the chairman, and the Welsh singers, which having been carried and responded to, the proceedings terminated by singing a verse of the national anthem. 