COiiFLI -liN IAit 1 LmN.NKR TO TH .- ME >!- ' BKRS FOK MAN'DUHANG. . Hsssrs sailirm asi Cater, the Enrsbtri fjr | e*-M:o;s:«-rs of Mines sod Justice, I wi.'» entertained by their constituents list fcight at Gscb's Hotel, Kangaroo Flit; the form of the enter tainment Ukirj t&st; of s complimentary dinner. Mr Tb^mps-oii Moore, President of tbe Marcng Shire Codicil occupied the cbiir, and on hii left were tie bon Mr Ca»ey and Mr Burrow"!, stud on his right, the hon Mr Sui Jirim and Mr Mackay. M,L.As. At the cross *.»y ? ver*als5 Mr Balierstedt, J.P; Mr James Moore, J P, President <f the Bendigo Lnyal Libera) Aita elation; Mr Warden Cordon, and other gentle 3tD. Tie rice chairs tr ere filled by Mr Ct.ar"»s Ten, cf Woodstock, and Sir Arery, :.{ EigHhawk. Tie assemblage consisted of re-t'e:a»n from all parts of tbe electoral district of Muudarasg. reprtieatiog the localities. The '.Ma tras laid oa! in a most tasteful and pleasing manner, asd was cOTerei with ail the substantial and delicacies proper and suitable for »ncb an occasion, tie ten! fzitrrr.i<U being Y*rr pretty, The room in .ihicb the dinner w»s laid was a pretty large one, but for all that it """U crammed, about eighty gen t'tsen jittinj down at tie Labi*. After full justice r/ii bees cone !o the repast proriaed by Host Gunn, who superintended all the arrangements ia the most fScien! manner, The Chairman cailed upon the company io 511 their r'&fsej; to tbe brim and drink the health of fler Msjesty the Quern, and h;5 inritation was heartily rMponded to, the tout being drank with ai! tbe Air-" God *are the Qaeen." Mr A rery proposed tie next toast, "Tbe Prince of Wales and toe Royal Family," vihieh was also drink amidst cheers. Mr T« gate " His Excellency the GoTernor," who be aaid they all knew was a thorough old English gentleman. Tha tout was enthusiastically drank. ifr A.r?ry in a few humorous remark* proposed The Army, Naryand Volunteers," stating be him self -was too smali er»r to hope to achiere to tbe position of eilbtr, but n»r erlbsltss be greatly respected them, Air-'. Role Britannia." Mr Graham responded briefly to the toast. The Chairman now a«ked the assemblage to fill their glasses again, and this time to fill them to orer 3owjcg. Before proposing the toast, be must, bow. eTer, draw their attention to a telegram be bad receiTed from Mr Sibley, President of the Marong Shire Coascil, who was to hare occupied one of the Tice-chairs, bat who had to go to Geelong as he had receired intelligence that his brotbor was dying. Mr Sibley assured tbe guests howsrer of his warmest sympathy and support whenerer it was required. He bad also to apologise for the absence of Mr Matchett. President of the Huntly shire Council, who had been I detained by business of an unexpected kind. The chairman after these explanations proposed " Tbe aaem'bers for Mandurang," and in doing so, took occasion to speak of tbeir past and present career in the most eulogistic terms, and to state that this meeting was a refutation of tbe lying statements and minors which had b««n spread about concerning the chances of tbeir re-eIe=tion for Mandurang, which he felt certain from what he knew and what be saw here this night, were as good as erer-(Cheers ) The toajt was drank amidst the greatest enthusiasm -" Auld Lang Syne" being played. Three hearty rounds of cheering were giren for Messrs SalliTan and Casey, another cheer for Mr M'Culloch, another for Mr Higinb'itham, and yet a third for the con stituency ot Mandurang. "For he's a jolly good fel'ow," was sung with enthusiasm. After the ex citement had subsided, The hoa .Mr Sulliran rose to respond amidst tremendous cheering, which lasted for a considerable time. After tbe assemblage had become somewh it quieted, the hon gentleman said that he supposed it was his duty as th» senior member for Mandurang to respond first. There was, »aid tbe hon gentleman, a class of people who eupposed that because a i Ministry was deprired of office its members were ! miserable and fallen. He disclaimed such a supposi tion. When he had sucb a reception as he bad had this ' nigbt; when he looked around that room and saw tbe men who were there he had no reason, he thought, to feel fallen or miserable-(Cheeis.) It was now j somB six years ago since he joined the M'Culloch Administration. Un that occasion a similar compli ment to this was giren to him, and when he looked around and saw the faces now at this board they were almost the same faces he had seen around it on that occasion, and this was to him a certain proof that he still had the confidence of tbe same men and of the electors of Mandurang-(Cheers.) When he looked around not opon tbe number but the quality of the m»n present; when he considered they had trare.'ied to be present at this reunion; and when be considered the occasions and tho many causes which of a necessity had arisen to estrange these men from him he had reason to feel proud-and he did feel proud-for tbe confidence reposed io him, and felt tbe most deep and lasting gratitude to those per sons who so generously bad assisted and sustained him on all occasions-(Cheers } He imputed a great deal of his support to what he prized Tery highly the personal estimation in which he was held by many persons iu the constituency; but) although this might hare had a considerable amount of influence, no member would be so continuously supported if his public actions bad swerred from tbe principles of his constituents, or if he swerred from tbe principles he had been elected to carry out; and bad he done so be would not hare met with the reception to-night he had had-flmiaense cheers.) How was he here, and why was he here? He had proof of }heir confidence in him when ha went into office, and why now was be out of office, and why were they brought together that aii'ht ? Because of any great principle of legis lation he had riolated-(^o.) Because tbey had benefitted any one class at the expense of good government? Through any other causes connected with any other treachery to the country or misuse of its laws? No; they were not out for any such weighty causes; they had not lost the confidence of the electors-(Tremendous cheering)-but they were out through cabul, intrigue, and misrepresentation, yet, while tbey had the confidence of the country .who could say that they were a fallen or dis graced Ministry-(Cheers.) There was something else public men bad to lire for besides oSce; There ; are plenty of people who will generously accord that j there is something better for representatires to strre after than the mere mercenary rewards of office; some higher and greater rewards-(Cheers) as Sydney Smith wrote in a letter of his to the Penn sylvanians, " There's something else to lire in the world for more than gin-sling» and sherry- cobblers" -(Laughter)-and although a large number of the public writersbereiuculeated tbelessons thatofSceand salary were the only things politicians in this country were working for, there were, be was glad to say, many generous men in the colony who cou;d beliere such not to be the fact, and to beliere thit the estima tion of tbe country was something to b» prized. Now, who were tbe men who had lately been taken into the bosom of the Constitutional party, and had thereby become 5iighly respectable and esteemed (Laughter.) Tbtse men ere tbey lurag J round and forsook the party they owed their being in Parlia ment to, were scouted by the Constitutional party as the lowest of the low, and had any of the racaucies in the M'Culloch Administration been filled up by one of them, the Constitutional party and their writers would hare said the rery worst selec tion possible had been made; tbey would hare been coarse, rulgar, ignorant-(Laughter.) That is what they were called while they remiined honest to their party and principles, but when tbey became dis honest to these principles they were fauded to the echo. Such dishonesty-for ho could but call it that -he scorned, and he could not respect men guilty of it. And yet these men accused him and hii colleagues of doing that which vras not right, and reriled tbem at large, ^'uch was tbe cooduet of the party who set themselres up in thi3 colony as the champions of law and order, ntio, as soon as the men acted dishonestly in going agains; their principles, supported them, and lauded them up to the rerj highest. Ha used these expressions to put them selres right, These men had sirme be'-n going about tba country making capital of the presumed mal administration and perpetrated swindles said to hare taken place io therarious Gorernmental departments under the M'Culloch regime, and tie was sorry to say there were many weak enough to Uiiere these baseless assertions The statements were go con- j stantly reiterated that at las', tome people began to think there was something in t.'iein owing to their rery reiteration There mj, he w-jj well &.*&"., a certain class of the community who was only too willing to beliere the worst of my man But in regard to all these alleged corruptions this was to be obserred, that they took care, howerer plentiful they alleged them to b", to uertr instance any of them. It was easy enough to lay charges, but not so easy to prore one of them. Amon^ the other departments, ?" "ra'. mismanagement had taken place iu the Mining Department. He hail been connected with rarious departments of trio Gorernment for sir years, and during that time there had not been one caio which had been brought under tho notice of Parliament of v.hieh ho had been ashamed (Cbeering);-y»t these charges of malpractice rrere brought egtiatt thens, and the nerr M:r.'stry ?*<re going to rectify tbem. He dtBtri t:.em to do to or l'j prove any one action of bis «» a Mir.i'ter of which he was aihamed -(Cheers.) He aid n-'! set up to b; infallible, not a Judge on the Bench was that, not a Judge but commits m:EUk*s at times, snd in giving his judg ment on the many difficult and perplexing ques tions and cjt!t*3 which came before him from time to time be might on occasions bare committed mis take*. He defied anyone to prore that he had erer benefitted one person more than another, and yet he had been unceasingly traduced. As for answering these baseless accusa'tions, were they day by day to be eontinaully denying thtm? He in reality felt too much contempt for them to do so (Cheers ) And yet the new Ministry were making capital out of this although they went to the country without auj principles. At a meeting in Melbourne lately, a gentleman-a Constitutionalist-in sup porting the giving of the Constitutional rote to the new Ministry, S3id ti-.ey should support them because they bad no principles !-(Laughter,) Well, if these were the kind of men the Constitutionalists supported as Ministers be was sorry for them-that was tbe mildest term he could use. What would be thought of the eonstitueneie* who bad returned them. Tbe rotmber is a r»flex of the constituency, and what tbe constituency is the member should be." When he saw a good man representing a constituency then be telt a grest respect for the men who sent him in, bat when he saw a vuigar, ignorant kind of a man in Parlia ment be could not avoid asking himself, " What kind of men sent him here !"-(Laughter.) If he found a constituency sent in men of no principle then be would think thsy had no principle tbemselres [Cheers.) Sow that tbe M'Cullocb Ministry are out, and the present Ministry in, let them take a retro spectoftbe history of the colony since the M'Cullocb Administration had begun, and see whether tbe condition of Victoria was belter or worse-(Loud cries of " Better.") To begin with tbe settling of people on the land, be fancied that more people had made homes for themselves on the lands cf the colony daring the past six years, while the M'Culloch Ministry were in power, tban during all tbe previous historical period of Victoria, and this added more to the resources of tbe country in agricultural produce. He believed too tbat suc cessful settlement was not altogether owing to tbe laws passed by the Legislature, but in a great meacure by the administration of these laws (hear, hear} under the M'Culloch ngime. In other respects tbey would recollect that some time ago there was in this colony a great dearth of employment for the growing up people of the country. One eminent colonial man on being asked what be .could do with the boys said, "Marry them to the girls," But when these b ys | and girls got married they would require something to eat and drink. He thought he could fairly claim tbat the rising generation were at present* better employed thm they were some years ago. As, however, there were many other causes which mi^bt lead to such a result be would not absolutely taks all tbe credit to the M'Culloch Administration, but be thought a great deal of it was dua to them, so that their rule had not been barren of results. The other side could not destroy these facet. As for the ridiculous nonsense which was preached about setting class against class, it was all an absurdity. What they had done bad been to awaken the public mind to a just Tiew of the great matters at stake, and not to demoralise the people, as was asserted. He held that the making the public think for themselves upon questions of public importance, and study the great questions of the day, was a moral elevation, and education-(Cheers). Sow did they leave office ? He was happy to sav the financial position of the colony was as good as it could be-(Cheers). Some sixteen months ago Mr Langton-[Laughter)-stated the deficiency In tbe revenue at the end of thijyear would amount to a trie*-just only to a trifle-some L700.000.) Now had bis friend the late Treasurer, Mr M'Cullocb, been in office at the end of the year, there would be, instead of a deficiency, a considerable surplus (Great cheering). That was how they left office; all branches of tbe public service doing well. The retrenchments which had been mad^, he assured them, were more difficult than they imagined, and they bad managed as fairly as could be done with due respect for the country and atten tion to the feelings of those who had to be dealt with. The speaker referred to the fact of his seeing a statement in a journal that he stood not a ghost of a chance for .-Jandurang, but from bis reception tbat night, he thought the writer was very much mistaken. He believed the people of Mandurang had as much confidence in him as eTer they bad. The hon gentleman sat down amidst great cheer ng, which lasted for some minutes after he had resumed bis seat. Mr Casey said it could not be expected that upon such an occasion he would make a political speech, yet there were events still green in their memory that indeed led to his receiving this flattering reception from his constituents-which be presumed ha could not well pass over. The party conte3t3 in this as well as in every other country are conducted upon rules, asweilknown asthoseofchess or any other game of skill. Each party in its contention for vvLer ^laS s.u^)ln't to 'he country for approval. When a party fails to secure popular support it must stand ajide for those who can. This is free and responsible Government. This the first and fundamental rule 6f parliamentary government, and one for which he had the utmost respect for its justice a°d One party believes that "the men who should be called upon to govern are those that have hostages to give to society in tbe shape of wealth; in other words, that they have a stake in the country that the people should be governed, hut not govern.'' Another party believes that " the whole peopTe should govern the whole people, and for the benefit of the whole people." And "as all are compelled to obey U >a,7s' a" have a Toice in tbe making of them. The policy of each party is made known by the measures they introduce. Some favor class interests, such as in politics the representation of minorities; in trade, the removal of taxes upon the exchange of wealth, and the placing it upon the producer. As for instance if LI03,000 were taken off the importers of Melbourne who import from foreign countries, and placed upon say tbe owners of land, the farmer and the miner. Occasionally tbe people had one view of a political question, and yet by a clever shuffle of the cards the Legislature would give effect to another. The Healoj Government were returned With a majority in favor of a Liberal Land Bill, vet as soon as his Government was disposed of the majority dwindled, away, and the Land Act. 1862 was carried although the people were opposed to it' It Js these clever shuSes of tbe cards that tbe people have to fear. If a government was to be put out only upon questions of great national policy the puolic would, no doubt, be appealed to more frequently. The Constitution in its abundan* wisdom provides that a partial appeal shall be made to the people upon the formation ef every Ministry, and as a consequence upon the displacement of the' preceeding administration. This appeal is nod iubt partial in more senses than one, for while at most the question cannot be submitted to more than nine constituencies, the person forming the government bdS the privilege of choosing whit constituencies he will ask to approve of the rejection of tbe old ministry and the appointment of the new. This is a considerable advantage in the hands of cabinet 1 miters, as no doubt the selection is invariably made of those constituencies where victory and tr:umpbant success is most certain. Indeed we have painful evidence of tbat in the recent selections, as we find persons appointed to th. high offices of state whose r * t ° , V 4^kUM,cu« in examining wf "CeDt a|,Peal ,0 the people, we find that eight constituencies had bean appealed to~".'pi persons voted, and 5718 voted a "air,*t the "H-Jlmte"a"d5335fort!lem- M"j°riiva8£u»t"tbem of ooj. Even in the electoral districts chosen by themselves a majority of tin electors to whom they appea ed condemned them True that by some hybrid sy,tem we have 3122 electors onlv securing two representatives, while 3343 secured 'five. Mr Fellows desires to have minorities represented; he thought that these returns would show that they wer* represented with a vengeance-(Cheers). It is tnemajority that is not fairly represented. Tactics had been adopted in the reccnt contests th.it he noped would not be followed. It reminded him of tne old Story of the attorney who gave a blank sheet of brief paper to his counsel in defending a prisoner, . , °° "ih"" a" explanation the attorney , * V,'"?.." n° C1,e' 5ir' "buse the plaintiff's S.J the/V-'f V Tl pr.^p"t,Gf;ro(rnra'-'»t have no policy ey ,tLj. Ihj.MCuloch Government were not nut out upon any question of legislation or for mal ration. Something must be done to get up action. And so the public and private cha I"-ru'T'ml C'x'mu";!er3 'A,°rc- subjected to the most aceuLt o ,"tah " * wC!"- here, and "re i of /i c! At TV'"1' Mr M'Culloch was r«'ire it ' V""5' ,a"'® 'horefore was anxious to HiiinU£maCor l"°i' Mr, M'GuH0Ch ^ Mr , i . , . £/ n0,nK to support the new nromn'tlVm'.T'" f *-hat ll'ese statements were Lc-i-iti" a- replied to, then came a series of eb-V.h Mr M'Cu"oeh himself! The -TO fctatemonts that great exposures fact bein,. ,,T' ^ Wit,J0ut 0De substantial t' .i utu'ro|l by any reputable person, or oven I, 01 U'°. P°"0Di wll° now advise His ExoelUncv It was «aui Mr M'Culloch had aUtion. on the Murray. That was very t-jnn explained. Buj suppose be had, has it been *bewn that they have influenced 3Ir M Culloch or bis colieazues in dii. charging his duties to the public. There art some pertons in the world who can subordinate their owq interests to what it due to tbe public. The Warden of Galway, from a sense of public duty, did not hesitate to sentence hi« own sor. to death. When a Chief r-ecreurj of Victoria from a sense of publio . doty gives »xpression to the will of tbe public should he not be anplauaed rather than condemned if by doing so his personal interests suffered. Theia blatant nonentities did not say that Mr M'Culloch had settled 30,000 families upon the lands of the colony. They did not say that from the foundation of the colony to January 1S65 there were only 479,403 acres under cultivation, while during the four following years the quality of cultivated lan(j increased to 712,565 acres en 1st January, 1S69, Tbey did not say, that tbe administration of the land laws under ifr M'CulIocb's Government had reduced the value of station property to almost no. thing. They did not say, that tbe Xtw Land Bill was based upon the Contention doctrine-ites selection over the entire colony before arid after »ur. vsy-fixed price for the value of land, and the rent to be counted as payment of the purchase monev. Commons where needed to follow settlement. Noa« of these did they «ay, on the contrary harped upon ».b<! string, that ten years !»ases weri giren to tbe squatters. What roust they think of men who raised such a cry, when he assured them tiiere w»i no clause in the bill that gate such a tenure to sqnat ters. The section in the Duffy Act relating to squat ting licenses, fixei the period of time when such licenses should cease. But if they would refer to the corresponding clause in the New Land Hill. they would find that provision had been omitted, and ha stated in the House, that these words were deliber ately left out to prevent tba possibi:ity of er.y such argument being urged, either at law or in parliament. But, a clause at the end of the biil which merely limits the duration of the bill to ten year;, wai laid bold of, and all sorts of absurd arguments used to torture it into muting it mean ten years tenure for tbe squatters. But it would not do. B ack and white were too plain. The clause *poke for itself, and so they were discomfited. Besides, there were other clauses in the hill that expressly Isij down no squatter would be entitled to any compensation, by reason of that bill being hereafter altered, ar.d that all psstoral licenses issued u'ider tbe bill, were to bo subject to that biil and any other law now or here after to be in force relating to the public lands- Yet in face of all this-these statements were made, and made, as it were simultaneously, in ail the Constitu encies, which precluded their being fully answered before the elections. Another phase of the subject was the alliance formed between the New Govern ment and the Constitutional party. At Csilingwood, the liberal party was to be sundered. Ijiiidt el imperi. The back of the mob was to be broken. They knew the result: Mr il'Kean publicly thanked the Constitutional party for its support of him at tha Maryborough election, and, so in the other constitu encies. He was gratified beyond measure that tbe country pronounced so unmistakeably iu favor of the M'Culloch Government. No', because he was a member of it. But because it was due to the tribunes of the people that they should be supported by the people. James M'Culloch planted the germ of the great political party in this country-contended for the rights of the people, and by his genius, has placed this colony in a sound financial position. He has given an impetus to local industry. Our shipping has increased and with it our trade. He has taken the taxes off the miDer and the working man, and placed it upon shoulders better able to bear the bur then. The Civil Service is reduced to moderate proportions. He proposed to abolish State-aid to Religion, and to expend L200,000 a year in construc ting new railways and developing tbe resources of the country. This was the policy of his Chief when ejected from office. Without referring to the various measures of social and law reform they w ere iden tified with, he would content himself by saying that upon retiring from office, and on looking backward, he felt proud of what had been done, and if he looked forward, he felt assured at what was proposed to be done would receive the hearty approval of the great liberal party in this colony. It was said the party would be divided, and that Mr M'Culloch would be deserted. There could be no greater mistake A few of the party leaders may go-but they would not be followed. Tha working men are true to them selves, the people are thoughtful and capable of for ming their own opinions, and with the ballot, ho for one would always contend that, ti.e public of Victoria were faithful and true to their public men so long as they were entitled to public confidence. This mark of esteem his constituents held of him, so far as coHld be manifested by tbi» public dinner, was peculiarly gratifying lo him. He was a comparatively young politician, and endeavoring to earn aod secure public confidence. After serving the elector;! of Mandurang six years, he felt that he had done his best to faith fully represent them, and the welcome his frieuds gave him that evening, would cheer hioi on to re newed exertions on their behalf, in which, he hoped to continue receiving their confidence and support. Mr Casey, who was repeatedly applauded, sat down amidst great cheering. Mr James Moore. J P, proposed "Tbe Parlia ment of Victoria," and in doing so made some strictures upon Parliamentary etiquette, referring particularly to a late debate in which Mr M'Culloch and his party were charged as being Orangemen, Mr Burrowei, responded in a smart speech. Ha said that a man did not know himself until he re presented a conslitueucy in Parliament, 'f he first night of hii membership he went to Led at peace ai.d goodwill with all men, and thinking himself not such a bad fellow, but when he got up in the morning and read his character in the pubiic papers, be did not know himself-(Great laughter.) In regard to the statements of the new Ministry about corrup tion, &c;, ho might instance that he had heard of some groat wrong which had occurred (?) on Sandhurst wiiich was exposed at the Maryborough election, but he had never heard of it, and he moved amongst the people, and they wore not very reticent about such matters. Had he, although always sup porting strongly the M'Culloch Administration, known such facts as the new -Ministry alleged they knew, he would long ago have challenged tho M'Culloch Ministry at one? and not stopped until he wouid have brought tho matter to a climax. The M'Cuiloch party had somewhat brought the defeat upon themselves, and were in a manner to blame, but the result would have a good effect-(Cheers.) Mr Burrowes sat down amidst considerable cheering. Mr Mackay, who was received with tremendous cheering, said that in responding to a toast one finds in the speech of the proposer generally the sub ject for a reply. He could say there was little in the proposer's toast he had to be thankful for, as he (Mr Mooie) had used not a kind word about members of Parliament, but had showed what a bad lot they were. Perhaps Mr Moore thought legislators were generally be sug&red; and praised that he turned the reverse of the shield to show them for ones the contrary. Mr Mackay then entered into some enlanation with regard to his. conduct in Parliament in connection with the late crisis. It was soma consolation to members of Parliament, after tbe trouble and discomfort incident to their position, to be met with such sympathy and support as Messrs Sullivan and Casey met that evening. He was glad to see so exceedingly snccessful a gathering. There were many persons in Melbourne and elsewhere who would have been glad had this affair turned out a failure-had the members for Man durang come there to night to see a beggarly array of empty seats-(Mr Sullivan : " I wish they would only attend.") As for the late M'Culloch Adminis tration, a little adversity would do them good, for an uninterrupted course of prosperity would spoil oven angels-(Laughter.) Mr Mackay then referred at length to the late Ministerial elections, and after an able speech of some duration, ended by stating that after all thn anomalous position might bo witnessed of tho M'Culloch party yet stepping in to save the present Ministry from the false friends with whom they had linked themselves, He trusted the country would progress in the futuro as it had done during the past six years. The hon Mr Sullivan proposed " Tho Borough and Shiro Councils," which was responded to by Cr Avery for the Eaglehawk Borough Council, Cr l'eo for the Marong Shire Council, and Cr Heino for tho Strathfieldsayo Shire Council. .Mr Mackay proposed "The Agricultural In terest" whioh was drunk with the usual honors. Mr Clay, of Bagshot, responded to the toast, remarking that with an abundant supply of water tha Bendigo district would bo ono of tho best producing in the colony. Mr Nicholas, of Shelbourne, also responded, point ing out that tho district in which he lived had within & very short time progressed from the condition of a sheepwalk to that of a prospeious and productive portion of the country. Mr Casey, M.P, then proposed "Tho Mining and Commercial interests." He said that the commercial interest of Sandhurst was never iu a sounder condi tion than at present, and thut was due to tho pros perous and improving condition of mining in tho district. Mr T. Ballerstedt responded for the mining interest, happily remarking that tho deeper the mintri w#nt th# highflr the commercial intereit roi»» He mado some interesting references to the parly days of Bondigo, when ho ami his father commenced quartz mining on Victoria Reef. Ho concluded his remarks by stating that whatevor newspaper writers might say to tho contrary tho represent itives of Maiidurang hml not lot tho confidence of tho miners. Mr Robort Richards, member of tho Mining Board, also responded to the toast. Victoria owed hor prosperity to the mining interest, by -which she would become a great nation. To mnhv inin>i>» prosperous capital and labor must go hand in hand, and it was because Mr Sullivan had urgod this truth at Spring Creek that the cry was got up against him thoro. During tho last three months it would be seen by tho mining registrar's reports that liendigo had produced 00,900 ozs of gold. Mr Uichardn con cluded with aomo interesting remarks^ in referenco to mining .on Keudigo. Mr Jacob Colin respondod for tho commorcial interest, stating that tho district had not beon so prosperous for several years, and that tho increased business wns no doubt owing to the prosperity in mining. Mr Hrift proposed tho to*st of " Tho Press," observing that when tho press was conducted truth fully and honestly it was a publio benefactor, but when, as they had seen lately, liowspapers published tho most opposite statements about tho orents of tho recent elections they worn not worthy of respect, He hail observed that for some time past a portion of tho press had been particularly unjust to their representatives Messrs SulMrau and Casey. The toast having beon honored In tho usual way, was responded to by Messrs Macltay, Ilea, and Campbell, for tho throo Sandhurst papers. Mr Madia then, in an amusing speech, proposed tho toast of " Tho Ladios," which was happily re sponded to by Mr John Neoson. "Tho Chairman" was proposed by Mr Sullivan, and ro3pondod to; and C.isav then proposod tho host, Mr Gunn, paying him a high tribute of admiration for tho staunch manner ho had always stuck to tho Liheral parly and tho publio spirit ho evinced. Mr Gunn having replied, tho proceedings terminated at one o'clock, not half a dozen persons having left before. The party was ono of tho most ordorly and respect ablo wo havo ever soon in tho district, and not a singlo thing occurod to mar tho harmony of tho evening. ________________ 