A BREAKFAST WITH SEA-LIONS. Of all the lionB of San Francisco the most unique are the sea-lions. This morning a party of friends and myself rode out to breakfast with them; and if they did not .join in the banquet, they at least countenanced it. From Montgomery-street, we drove up Bush, an exceedingly sharp hill, passing residences winch are chiefly of wood, and have large, pleasant gardens. After the cobble-stones of the old business thoroughfares and the Nicolson pavement of the resident streets were left behind, the blowing sands grew trying to the eyes. In the beginning these bare sandhills must have been very dreary; but the grass and shrubbery of the yard is covering their nakedness more and more, and in time San Francisco will be the most picturesque of all our large cities. The view of the water and the shipping, from hundreds of dwellings, is superb. Past raw outskirts, past Lone Mountain Cemetery, where sleep Broderick and Baker and Starr King, we reached a splendid macadamized turnpike, and our horses flew like the wind. The pace into which the noble animal is persuaded in this cool, bracing climate, would soon kill him in an Eastern city, and would set Henry Bergh to wringing his lands and tearing bis hair. Rising to the crest of the last hill, we looked out upon the great Pacific, its green expanse flecked with snowy foam. I wonder how often one must see it to destroy the associations of in definite far-off-ness, which always give it a charm for strangers' eyes! At the water's edge we stop at the Cliff House —a long, low, pleasant frame building, with A wing of horse-sheds stretching afar, and deep hospitable porches in front and rear. The Cliff is a favourite resort. Omnibuses run constantly from the city—eight miles—and private parties go out daily, sometimes choosing moonlight nights, but generally breakfasting here, that they may return by noon, before the winds grow furious. The gentlemen of our party all wear overcoats, but arrive so chilled that the coal fires prove a strong magnet for the first few minutes. Then from the rear porch we gaze out eagerly upon the Pacific. To the north is the entrance to San Francisco Bay, with its romantic name and its yet more romantic history. Further, and just beyond the reach of vision, lies Drake's Bay, where, 300 years ago, the great navigator and captain lay for months and never found the golden gate. To the north-west rise the Faral lones, which supply San Francisco with the eggs of the murre or foolish guillemot, a nutritive but unpalatable substitute for hen's eggs. Straight before us, to the west, stretches the great Ocean, with its new currents of commerce, its new paths of empire. How the thoughts crowd upon one as his straining eyes try to pierce the horizon! The Sandwich Islands—Japan—China—India! The beginning of a new era, which links us to " dusty nations living in strange countries, wor shipping strange gods, and writing strange cha* racters from left to right!" But we leave speculation about the distant and the infinite to study the wonder which lies at our feet. A few yards from the porch are the famous Seal Bocks, two or three huge granite piles streaked with white from pelican deposits, and washed and worn by the waves into picturesque shapes, with a curious arch piercing the top of one. Here, during the summer months, these sea-lions or seals congregate as they do nowhere else in the world. On other coasts, especially on the North Pacific, some of them climb ledges, but these isolated rocks, washed on every side by the sea, are their pet resort. A wholesome State law forbids the killing of them; so their numbers do not diminish, and they are likely to remain permanently the great curiosity of the city. Some very young ones are not more than two feet long; the largest are twenty feet, and weigh 4,000 lbs. They bark like dogs, and on very dark nights, it is said, their voices enable pilots of incoming ships to find the entrance to the harbour. Fully a hundred lie upon the rocks. Through an opera-glass we can study them with the greatest minuteness. Some are sleeping in the sun, some crawling slowly up from the water, some nursing their young, and some fighting* One leviathan is scratching his head with Ins huge flipper, while his moony face contracts into a puffy oleaginous scowl. When still fresh from the water the lions are black, but their coats dry to a dirty brown, like that of an ordinary buffalo robe. A few however, are almost white. One theory is that some are white at particular seasons; another that all grow white with age. They are said to have the slowest circulation of any warm-1 blooded animals, and to stay under water from half to three-quarters of an hour at a time. Their eyes are matchless, large, liquid, and tender. As they sit with heads erect, their necks and shoulders do have a leonine look. While crawling up the rocks they suggest primeval monsters or enormous blood-suckers. Their heads are wolf shaped ; hence, I suppose, the Spanish name for these rocks—Lobos Point. Still, a white one swimming in the water looks quite enough like a human being to have originated the fable of the mermaid among old mariners. The tail, too, ends in a fin, in orthodox mermaid fashion, and the cry of a young one is strangely like the wail of an infant—though it doeB not proceed from the infant of a whale. As a general rule sea lions don't walk about seeking whom they may devour; but one of our group tells me down the coast a lady saw one lying upon the sand, and, supposing it to be dead, touched it with her parasol. It proved to be only asleep; the stroke awoke it; she turned to fly, and it went lumber ing after her. While she ran, shrieking with terror, a gentlemen of her party came up and despatched the animal with his revolver* Whether this be histoiy, or a "Caiifornian yarn," I have not the least idea. Breakfast interrupts our observations, and we sit down to it with keen appetites. Profusion and excellence are the characteristics of all Caiifornian meals. At this white wine serves instead of coffee, and conversation flows like a river. Colonel Foster, our host, recalls the days when he used to go down to the sea in ships ; Harry Linden lives his adventures in Mexico over again; Swinton invokes: the ghosts of the Army of the Potomac; and, at short intervals, Evans blossoms in some fresh story, always droller and more extravagant than the last. The meal ends with a California fruit offering—strawberries, raspberries, apricots, enormous peaches, fresh figs, and mangoes, all produced near San Francisco, and thus early in the season. The mango, a little larger than a hen's egg, tastes somewhat like the banana, but has a richer tropical flavour. Breakfast over, we make our adieus to the lions I and turn homeward. -Correspondent of the New 'York Tribune. As American contemporary has the follow ing :—" We are glad to announce that the fishing of Ausauauquotausongomongotongo Lake in Ox ford county, Maine, is reported as first-rate." The Two Roads.—"Dar are," said a sable orator, " two roads through this- world- De one am a broad and narrow road that leads to per dition, and de udder am a narrow and broad road dat leads to sure destruction." "If dat am de case," said a sable hearer," dis cullnd individual takes to de woods." A meeting of 2,000 persons was held in Berlin on August 29, demanding the suppression of con | vents and the expulsion of the Jesuits from the i country. These demonstrations probably hare ! some connection with the recent attack on a 1 monastery in the neighbourhood of that*city, | and the excitement caused in reference to the proposed (Ecumenical Council. 