tO THfi ELECTORS OF TtJMUT. PER FAVOUB OF THE GUNDAQAI TIMES. Gentlemen,— I presume you have read the two letters in the supplement to the ' Gundagai Times ' of the 11th instant; one signed ' Canvasser,' and the other 'Creditor.' I must certainly say they must be the effusions of very sensible men, and that they place a very low estiraato on your discernment. Mr. Brown's friends must be verv hard run when they have recourse to the same system of falsehood as their leader (Farkes) the Ghost. . Mr. Canvasser's cry is, if you declare who you intend to Vote for your person and property are in danger. I am confident that not one elector in tho Tumut electorate believes one word of it, but just as much as they believe in the ' Kiama Ghost.' Canvasser says he sympathises with the electors who suffer from intimidation ; I know this electorate for twenty years, and nearly all the electors in it except tho diggers, and I defy Canvasser to show me a dozen honest electors who will corroborate his statement. Now Mr. Creditor you will much oblige your brother creditors by letting them know how many shillings in tho £ you are to receive for that very valuable letter of yours, so that we may go and 3o likewise. It appears to me Mr. 'Brown's friends muBt be in a very forlorn condition when they are compelled to attack Mr. Lynch's private affairs to make electioneering capital of it ; but a drowning man will grasp at a straw. As I said before, Mr. Lynch has been officially before the Tnmnt nnd Adelontr oublic for sixteen vears. and in all this time I113 enemies cannot find a flaw in his acts to seize on j therefore they must go into his private affairs as if we (the electors) had anything to do with them. Now, brother electors, I call on you to study your own and your childrens' interest, and on Wednesday next be early at the poll and record your votes for Mr. Lynch, who pledges himself to have the welfare of your children, yourselves, your district and the colony at large at heart, and to do all in his power for your benefit. Don't be lead away by the clap trap, ' I got money to make roads to Tumut Plains' (my m'othei-in-law'a prosperity) 'and also to Kiandra ' (on tho road lies my own urnrmrttA ' tliprpfnrfi von nupht to return me. you perceive, who studied yonr interest for the throe years I have been your representa tive.' My advice is go in and vote for Mr. Lynch, a gentleman, a scholar, and no dummy. Do so, and in a short time you will perceive tho benefits you will derive by the victory you are now about to obtain, which will cbnfer blessings on children unborn. I am, eeutlemen, yours sincerely, AN OLD ELECTOR. Hillas' Greek, December Hth, 1869. 