LOCAL ITEMS Institute Entertainments. — Wo are advised to say that as no tickets except possibly a few at largely increased rates will be issued for these entertainments after next Saturday, aud as a large number of chairs have been already applied tor, persons desirous ot securing good scats had better address their appli cations to the Institute Librarian before the pnd of nest \vcck. The Weather —The rain still holds off marvellously. A little fell on Satur day aud Sunday last, but nothing Hire enough, to supply the wants of the farmers. The days are beautiful almost beyond compare in this season, being sunny aud bracing ; but the evenings and nights are bitterly cold and frosty. Them hap been ice during the week almost an inch thick in Gawler, no such frosts being remembered here before. A LiBr's Coin; age — On Monday laafc, at Stockport, a cowardly scoundrel a:id a lady of Spartan courage wero brought face to face under circmnstauers of sen sational interest. Miss Grant, tlip daughter of a farmer, was at h ime .imi! _i ? ? i. _j. _..._. ii i . i j.i i aionc, wjira a mnn cauca at t.'ie Jiouse carrying a gun, which he presented at her and threatened t'- shoot her. With quick woman's wit, shemncta n remark to gain time which arrested his intention, and takirg iho gun from the shoulder, he proceed to ram home thp. charge to con vince her of her peril. But by this act the advantage of tho villain was lost. Quick as thought, Miss Grout seized two pistols vruich hung in read. ness near, aud presented them iu turn at the vagabond before her. At the sig!-t of the threatening barrels, all tie valor of the miscreant took the direction of Bob Acres's, and either oozed through his fingers* ends or some other conve nient channel. Trusting to his heels, he made off as fast as his legs could carry him, letting fall the guu in his fright, was shot afr, as he roared for mercy. It is very unfortunate that part of the charge from the gun struck Miss Grant in the feet and inflicted very painful injuries. We can scarcely express an adequate admiration for the conduct of the young lady, nor the full measure of our disgust for the viUanous poltroon who committed this outrage. \-- Edith PAiuEnsToif.— On Wednesday evening last this lady performed in Gaw ler at the Oddfellows' Hall to a very poor house. Footbai.t.. — A came at football was played on the Park Lands on Saturday last, at which there was a good attend ance of spectators to witness the sport. Tajtcjtda DorifEK. — We are unable to give a report this morning of last night's dinner at Tauunda. We will give a digest of the proceedings nest week. The Gaswobks. — Tho Provincial Gas Compauy's works on the banks of the Para are now iu a state not far from eotn nletion. but we do not exnect cas can be laid on till tho long summer nights will render it nest to needless. The Victoeia Mill — The works for therenovatiouof this fine building arenow in active progress. Kew and elaborate machinery is in course jp introduetion,aud the carpenters are bu:-'y preparing for its reception. Tbe masonry of the wall is sound iu the opinion of the profession, inuch more so in fact than that of many buildings wisich have never passed turoujjn. tae ncry ordeal wuicn. tnifl nas done. Babossa. Diggings. — Good accounts came down during tbe week from tbe dig gings, some flue specimens being shown iu Gawler. As an evidence of tho faith of the general public in the district as to the ultimate prosperity of Barossa, a new Company is ia course of organiza tion for the establishment of fresh crush ing machinery. Already nearly 500 shams have been taken up by people in and arouud Gawler and on the diggings. The shares are 30s. ones, and 1,000 is to be the maximum number, A meeting is to he held at Mr. Lowe's, Victoria town ship, on tho diggings, on Monday next, for the purpose 01 considering tlie motrer and making further additions to the list of shareholders. Mudla Wieua North DrsrniCT Council, — July 19. — Present — Messrs. Barrow, Thomson, Coffee, Boutell. Mr. Barrow re-elected .Chairman. Circular read from Destitute Board, refusing renewal of rations to M. J. Nunan. Mr G. Cheuey's offer to grub road at 3a. per chain accepted. To be grubbed road from n 1 * ? 1 ni 2.O tTOO U n J-nm. ..ami. .«. OeCHOn iOJL tu /-J»/. J»ilLU|/cl-Jt7iO III arrears to he allowed to work out rates. Kesslved to get table for use of Ashwell School. District Council meetings to be held every suuiruaiiu oabuiuay m 4 p in. Receipts, £13 lls. 7d. ; payments, £8 2s. lOd. Di6Thict Bakossa West. — July 17. Election Meeting. Lyndoch Valley Ward— Richter, 10 ; Ku-se!l. 7 ; Porter. 7; Dr. Bichter was declared elected. Auditors— Riehter, 10; Kayser, 9; Pierce, 7; Howell, 7; Schultze, 7. Messrs. Knyser and Pierce were declared Auditors. At a meeting of Council held on Jnly 19, present, Messrs. Sim, Ttichter, McCallum, Martin, and Eva, Mr. Jarres Sim was elected Chairman find Messrs. Oehm, Porter, Clarke, Scharonbpvg, and Taylor chosen as con stables. Dr. Pophani'a destitute account received for Chairman's signature. certify the account, as the work had not been satisfactorily performed. W. H. Wussell notified assignina; his contract to E. Donaldson. Clerk to revise the as sessment. BeceiiitR, £11 10s. 3d. ; pav ments, £98 4s. 0-i. Tlie Council wi meet the first and third Monday iu each month. Mtota WntTtA. South Drernrci Council. Mr. Winckle elected fihair nmd. Present — Messrs. D.twkins, Ebsary, Adcock, aud Dingle. Bills passfiii for pavment — Deland, £l 7s. ; Simons, £2 18s. 6(3. : Tullv, 13s. 2-1. ; Auditors, £2 2s. ; Woods, £20. That petition from persons resident near boundary road bo not received, as several parties signing it are not ratepayers. That the Clerk raise the assessment of the district. Tenders received for making road near Stone Hill, Gawler ?HIvprfLT. Ward. £3 5s. per chain; li. Barnfield, £4; T. & N. Pedriek, £1; W & A Goodger, £2 19s. GJ.; M. O'Brieu, £3 10s. Also tenders for makinff rond .it Kangaroo Elat — Jno. Good. £5 17s Gd. per chain ; W. & A. Goodger, £4 12s. do. ; John Oats, £4 19s. do.: 1?. Hogben, £5 10a.; j. Harris, £4 19s. 5d. AV- & A.. Goo-1ger's tnnrfer accepted at ' £2 19s. 6d. per chain fur roa^i at Stone Hill ; .and John Oats at £1 19a. for road at Kan-rarco F.'afc. Receipts, £G0 ; payment*, £37. RunssA. East Disthtct Counctl,— July 19 — Pivecnt — All the rarmbers Sir. J. BarWtt elected Chairman for fh-? cnr.ront year. Messrs. Ahrens and Pfeir /f^fifl^aa nf i-Tia Info V TTrtMi^R nstiif**4 .?]-wm;-,iTiJeH by Mr' C. yon Bertouch, w:iitnl on tho Council in reforenc? to rscinntrin' pni'tian of reserve adjoining Sp.-iion 2072 for part of Section M)t. A 0 immittfe, consisting of the Ohnir man, .-nd Messrs J'o'ter and Dcnton wero appointed to inspect thp reserves mid report at next, meeting. Messrs. Meshach. Burge, Johannes, Schulz, and Timothy Baker, were re-elected to serve as constables for the ensuing year. A doputa) ion, consisting of Messrs. August Munchenberg and Carl Messner waited 011 the Council, and presented a petition signed by 18 ratepayers residing Jn 'Rowland's Plat, asking the Council to repair the Rowland's Flat private road, aud expressing their willingness to trans fer the road over to the Council. To be considered at nest meeting. Letter received from the Mount Crawford District Council, asking co-operation in cutting hill on the road between Section 571 and 512. As the road was reported to be in a very passable condition, the request was not complied with. Medical officer's account for the past year signed by the Chairman. Meeting of rate payers to adopt a rate to be called. Be ceipts, £1 10s. s-s-gessssasaa WiLiASToy HoxEt,— We understand this hotel is shortly to pass into the hands of Mr. O. Adcock. 'The Ikbtast Comxkg.' — Mr, Percy Whitestone announced for the evening of Tuesday lest in the Oddfellows' Hall a lecture under this rather sensational head. 'The Instant Coming of our Lord and the Preparation of the Church, to meet Him,' drew together a large audience that listened, with one single exception, attentively to tbe novel utterances of the lecturer. The lecture commenced with explanatory matter that the instaut coming of Christ was not to be understood literally, but more in a figurative sense. The speaker then re ferred to tho predictions of Scripture, and explained how he thought they were to iuterpret the signs spoken of. G-:d ordered us to give heed to these signs — the earthquakes, ware, &c.; What was the meaning of those political storms that agitated the world half a century ago ? Men could not help asking these questions, and ninny learned men put it very seriously to themselves, praying parnesilv for lirrlif; gnif in ffin m« loan they got the firut answer. Tbere were families in Scotland who spoke the words of the Holy Ghost as they were put in their mouths; Afterwards the same kind of thing occurred in London, where members of the Clurch of England began to prophecy and speak in unknown tongues. There was a theory that when the apostles were inspired to speak in divers tongues that they spoke in living languages of men; but that had been ably refuted as an absurdity by Kemder, the great German commentator. When these men in London and Sro'land com menced to speak people expected to hear French, German, Spanish, or Italian. But it was not so. The laneuaee tbev used was the tongue of communion only with the Lord. There had been a great revival of religion throughout Christen dom, and these revivals were different to any that had gone before. The lecturer Quoted largely from Scripture to give illustrations of and corroboration to iis position, but we were never able to make out precisely what that position was. Mr. Whitestone seemed always to bo coming to a point, but never reached it ; though to do him justice, he has a very clever way of talking round a subject without saying anything about it. AJfter explaining that this was only the fiieti part, properly speaking, of one lecture u^nuiu iuiu i»u, uuu aiming luttb 110 should deliver the second part on Mon day ni«ht next, he closed his lecture, when several gentlemen put questions to him concerning1 the doctrines he bad enumerated. Mr, T. O. Jones asked the lecturer what he meant by impugning the scriptural statement that the apostles spake in divers torgues which men of divers natious understood ? Mr. White stone said he intst have been misunder stood, as he did not directly deny that, Mr. Edson, Mr. Davis, and others also put questions to the lecturer, which he answered in a manner entirely satis factory to himself. However, 0,3 it in never well to ciiticise a half-fiuiehcd work, perhaps it will be better to wait for the second instalment which Mr. Whitestone has promised us. Something to boast of. — The Sydney Morning Herald is very jubilant over tbe feats performed by tlie horses of New South Wales, and seems to think they have done something to astonish the simple South Australians. A slight in cident which happened to our townsman, Mr. J. Mitchell, on his recent trin to New South Walua and Queensland, is thus spoken of: — 'A few day's ago a gentleman from the colony' of South Auustralia, accompanied by three friends, paid a flying visit to Bathursfc, the western metropolis. Beaching Mount Victoria by rail, they were disappointed to find that a two-horse conveyance, previously telegraphed for to be ready., was not available. Host Avery speedily, came to the rescue, and ofcn»d a boree and buggy, for the journey of 52 miles. Considering the weight to be carried (45 stone), and the heavy nature of tbo road, the strangers could not realise tho chance of getting lo a speedy end of tbo journey without inflicting cruelty on any liorse. Their scruples were, however, so far overcome by Mr. Avery that a start was effected, and in 12 hours, inclusive of two hours spent in baiting, Bathurst was reached ; the horse (known as ' Honest John ') never being pressed, and fit to proceed 29 miles further. The return journey was commenced the fol lowing afternoon, and, giving the horse a spell of ll hours, Mount Victoria was ? t. _ j ? j.,. _ j.t_ ' ? 1 3 ? _ ? j 1 ? . reaiMieu on me iniru aiy WjEj:o:ii- any pressure or difficulty. We have no doubt other horses could he found to do the same, hut the above facts are worth recording in the interest of tha hr^ed of horses in New South WaJes.' There is no doubt after such a feat that ' Honest John' has completely vindicated his^ claim to the title he beat*, and we con gratulate ' Ilost Avery ' *on his posses sion of ' a very ' jewel. Toe Stoht or the! Lost Cbzlv. — The melancholy interest attaching to this sad episode in colon:al life is very wide spread in the district. There is t very little further to report since we last ^^ Wrote, but the parents of the child, taking fresh heart from the vague hope shndowpd in their last information, are sparing no pains to elucidate the mystery. Sir. Campbell, the sometime bereaved father, was on the Murray, when the informa tion reached him which his wife recently obtained, and he at once started for home to assist in ihe discovery if there was any to be made. He saw Mr. Andrews, at Williamstown, the adopted father of the deserted child previously referred to, but was refused permission even to Bee the boy. He coaxed, threatened, and implored, but all to no purpose ; and had to return after comrouoirating with the police without being gratified, fie called rr r T — «b our office on 'Wednesday last to Uarrate to us the result of Kb- mission, and his mind seemed in a -great state of perturbation at being unable to satisfy himself either one way or the other. Naturally the refusal of Mr. Andrews to allow the father to -Bet himself at rest, acts almost like conviction on the mind of the arxious parent, and it really does ueem extraordinary. Since seeing Mr. Campbell, however, we have made en quiries, and Mr. Andrews's reluctance is stated to arise from no other cause than afear that Mr. Campbell will carry out the threat he has made of carrying off the boy by force or stealtb, and as the law stands Andrews Las a doubt of his power to prevent hirs. We must say, however, in justice to Mr. Campbell that ho aisavow.id to us any such iutentiou were he openly allowed to see the child, saying that should bo be convinced on examination of the boy's identity wi h his lost child, he would not insist on taking him till he could prove it satis fnninnW. Mr. Cauinbell is the father of four children, and it is unlikely that he Would keep the child of any one else. The affair rests in a very unsatisfactory position, which a little tact or manage ment on one side or the other, or a little interposition on the part of the authorities, would tend to obviate. Mr. Campbell has declared his intention of invoking the assistance of the Supreme Court, if he fi nds it impossible to compass the eximiuation of the child in any other \v»y. Since we saw Mr. Campbell he made another ineffectual appeal to Mr. Andrews, of which he informs us iu the following letter:— ''On tny return to Williamstown, after calling at your office, Icalled on Mr. Andrews, and there appealed to him to let me see the child, to S'-e if it was mine or not ; but 'no' Was the answer from that unfeeling man, trilcss I am armed with the law and compel him to do bo. T'ie child ho sent away this morning, and when I told him that I would have the boy in spite of fate an-1 by any means I could lay hold of him (fancy now, Mr. Editor) he threatened to have me apprehended. For whai ? -=-My own ! But, Mr. hditor, I -would sooner be lying in Her Majesty's caol with the knowledge that he is not mine tliau be as I am— racked with the thoughts of my hoy beiug so near me, ?and not allowed by that unfeeling man to see whether the boy is mine or not. But time will arrive before Jong I hope, when I will have sjtisfactidn, and no thanks to Mr. Andrews.' Ekepim* Wheat. — We were shown the other dav at Mr. Duffield's office a specimen of wheat sold by him to a L Sydney n e.-elunt as long ago as 1S61, which has stored in a siloe ever since. The wheat is as fresh and good and free from weevil now as it was shipped from South Australia, proving beyond a doubt that there is no injury to appre hend from keeping wheat if it is only properly stored. Our farmers might take a lesson from this, and instead oi building large barns for storage purposes they might construct siloes in which to keep their grain when the market prices compel them to store. 