STOOK, STATION, AND PRODUCE REPORTS, j [BnsTffiTEB ABD TnEBECK J . btatlons: I no protón. dry tea on with a prospect "t , A ooh tinutnre of tho surue, bu« cn m pl te!) pat a Htnu to J all our I BIHIU.ÎÎ ni-cotí-itiona tor th» sal? of proii»»tiea ( of thia cl»-«. Th- advices ITO aro cuntinnally reiieivini» , fn.ra our fiienilH in ilia intorior describe the gene'al ila'o of tho country and the ooudilinn of the stuck aa Something very nl'THiing. 'il-e eipodionis ninny ave to al opt, and the difficult ¡en to be ronticiled nuning', lo keep »tock a'ivj can only hs understood by tho-o who have had pi not leal experience nitrier si'niUr cir. OHirjetanoi-s. lt i lo ie hope I that the Lci:i"lntufi'B of 1 this colony arni Queon»Iind viii uiimn to the roliei nf ' the Cro«n tenuntt ny alistine: them in the r p-e-oit ' hour of di>tre*«, bj returning thc whole, or a consider- | able portion, of lhe hern** fren piid tor the riykt to ' occupy land*, man» i f which ar'' ns ta'O of ijr»»i* na ' .Geori/e-s reel, while otheia without wa-cr lt>»ve bi-eri ' entirely atmuiloned. To return th« licenso lees for th« ? current year (winch have been prep i,l) »«mid, se ' think, ho no,hit j; more thau an act ot simp'o jristire. hni would nt- verthem-s he vary acrteulable to tho-e who lave otherwise h en so large Muffer-rs from the IIUAS trott* losses Htis'utned in their flocks mid beni», arising ootof a succession »f bnd seaioitH. Sttre Onulo i lvo »ates, owini. to tho imp> ssibiiity of travelling. Store Sheep: We offered ten tlmuibnd utixid t-lmep at auc- tion on the (Ith incUnt. bnt were unablti to elliot n »ale. Squatters' Kxcbsngo, Utorge-stroet, Sidney, Jannnry IS, [nAnEIEOM AMD JOXBS.J Stations: Bunine.* still ri ru jins dull, thrnngh the .continuance of drought ¡ we bear of showers hnvini; fallen in porno p.rle, I ut none of huflici>-ut dutn'inn to lie ol muuh snrvioe Oar Ale b .nnie agents uti vt.a us of the vale nf the Vamhacoona nattle stall lt. Darling Stiver, advertised by ns for «no ion BOIDB tinm since, .without muhtar, nt a «d'iiinetor» prlos. F»l Cstilft ThB number brnught forward for the week's nupoly hus been fully equal to reunir, meats, the great/ r (juun'ity being of middling quality ; any goud lol« huvu 'realised fair prices. tho best mobs during the week have averaged £G, £5 IKH 8d. and £'?> ; middling lois, £4 4s mid X4 IS«. Oar Melbourne telegram stales 16 O omi« lor tho noak, prices about 30* lawer. Fat nlieep i Tho-c "havo boen rather more aheap ia for sale this wo«k, bat pries remain abont sa last raporter), 50ib. sheep sold yesterday tit about 7s 6d. Our Melbuarao ni»ODt» telegraph 11,0(10 sheep in, Prices ndvunced from la to3i; prime wethers worth 12a. Storo Cattle: Toe State of the aauntty »till prevent« «took b*ini* travelled louth, which conflues transactions to northern sal-a, arid are necessarily very much circumtcriricd. We Bold a draft of di bullock < and 5G0 cows, delivered northward, at saliafaotory prices, Store Sheep: The inquiry for store sho»p Ss very slender, and resulta in little bat inquiry, "Wool.-To al number of bales catalogued for jrst.-r day'aaale was 1151-783 being Bald; on the whole", tho pales wont more satisfactory. The b'ghost and lowest prices throughout the Bale were-forl)ojco, 7d to Hil ; grea«y, 2jd to 7 ld ; scoured, 3Jd to 17¿d. Amongst tho lots sold by ourselves, we may notice Shnrpley, 4% thales, greaHy, atS.Jd: H, 15bales at 5JI; \V in diamond, S bales fleece at )Oïa; Boro, 10 bales at I2jd ¡ AVJ, 8 bales at 10jd ; JO, 3 balee ot 12}d; IR, 12 baloi ar, 8 Jd ; DD, 4 balos at 10d; H over K, 20 bal» at Ujd. 6heet.ek!ns: About half of ibgas offered were passed, although the Iquantity wa« about equal to tho usual supply Tb» range of prloei, yr »lob, wera somewhat lower thin Ult . fee*, ran between 2Jd to 4jd, "We offered a considerable quantity, bat as there waa nat a 'satisfactory competition, we withdrew the whole.] Tallow : Fiom to-day's «alt» we are induced to lower our quotations a little; this li owing in some measure to the high freights asked by the ships now loading. 137 ca «lr fl were c ff ti red, 1Ï9 of »hieb were sold: the range ol prices being for mutton, 37a 9d tv 33*31; beef. 3*» to 37« j ttatiou, 33« fid to 36i. We -ld F & ß, 7 casks beef at 34s ; WfJ, I cask Btation, 33« (id; H, 5 eu.ka mix-d at 354; HM, 6 casks at 34a. Hides i About 1200 were offered. Driest were a lit' lo hatter than la-t wnek, ranging between for rood heavy about 17a to ¡¿.lt 31 ; li¿ht and middling, 7a fid to 14-1, We fold about Ut, mostly indifferent, at quotations, and about SO calfskins at from Ss 2d at I 4a 2d. January 15, 