RICHMOND RIVER MAILS, PER STEAMER WAIMEA. * TO "TUB EDITOll or TIUÉ'EXAMWB*. Sin,-Referring to a report of a publio mooting, con- tained In your issue ot tlie 21st Dccombor instant, andjiold nt Woodburn on the 8th December iruitant, rcBrréctinB-the discontinuance " nf tho mailB by' tho steamer .Welmen, for Casino nnd Woodburn," I beg to supplement tho statements given therein, with tho + following particulars. , t .' 'I. Every mail hitherto forwarded from Sydney for * Cusino, and for other plncos requiring to pnss through * '? Casino, lins been delayed thereby from four (ii) to ten M (Wi) days each mail longer than they would have boort hád thoy been sent by 810 usual route, via Lnwronce. 2\. Tho residents of Casino, und others requiring their dorrespoudenco to puss through Casino, held a Sublic mooting in the Court Dlouse,. on tho 8th' of " fnvcmbôr last, for tho purpose of protesting against this unwarrantable and unnecessary delay of their , mails ; and for thc purpose of devising proper means * for terminating; this stnto--of/things, by having tho ... mails for Casino, and those mails requiring to pan through^Catino, confined to thc usual routo. 3\. At tho request of tho moating then assembled, « : the matter waa explained by letter to the secretary of I, tho General Past Office, Sydney, by Mr. C. H. Fawcett, P.M., who also endorsed copies of resolutions ' " Eassed bv the mooting, arid was further reported upon ' y mvseff, from eittrlcB mado in thc office books. i. 'In tho Iciiers Veferrod.to, all mails for pott offices lower down <Ae J'tc A mere àrptessly exempt from any partieipàlionSn tho \iattcrsyA complaint, and n further Clause wu>>ijjyrtcd*tating\iat the complainants par- ticularly desired, thlt it lis^rJjHtlnctly understood, that they in no tcay desired to interfere or alter any arrange ' mont* that might haveViccn thought expedient or necessary ¡for tho conveyance cf the mails-as to route orothcrtoiso ¡V -to any of the offices on the lower part of the river, ? ' 'fl. 1'hd " people nt Casino never did,'.' recommend . * . ¡ "the stopping of the Woodburn mails by - tho-stea'mir-*."; *.» Waimea," or nnythitig else that could poBBÍbly'bo construed into anything of thc kind. Further, if I may bo allowed to give an opinion on tito matter, tho " people of Casino," have no nmbitlou to posscsi " any authority to stop tho conveyance ¿of tho Woodburn mails by the steamer Waimea " or any other routo they may fancy j honorable und important ns such authority may asuiear to bo to our Woodburn friends ; but-I nm very Much mistaken, if tho *' people . at Casino," have anmdcsire, With reference to tho mails for Woodburn so HVOIAIU that of getting rid of them altogether, nnjjeawuuMlMWrtica concerned to maka their own rc[(rese>is4ti(JT Will complaints. Judging from'tho cliuractcA of tire many communications insertedin'yourjuufaalfrom'our friends qt Woodburn » . -somo of whom ittSMtlonatglv describe us as "giving tho lost kick boforo ¿wing up tho ghost," etc., etc.,- -*» they aro quito competent to manngo anything in tho ». ;.way of grandiloquent and declamatory complaints, without any, .feeble assistance . .from , the 'unlucky Inhabitants of Casino or ahvbodv elso. ' . . <,' . >-;' ???(.. I nm, Sir, your obcdientscrvnnt, ? - .' " JAMES STOCKS. Casino/ 23rd\ccembcr, 1800. 