OUR NEW STEAD LETTER. (FBOII OUB OWH CORRESPONDENT.) Nothing is to be said of Newstead this week, bat that drongbt incessant, scorching drooght has the field to itself not a green blade is to be seen anywhere. A shower fell on the slopes of Mount Alexander a few days ago, and caused a a Blight flood, bat that too succumbed to the dronght and the Loddon is as dry as ever. Of course everything languishes except the thrashers, Bnd those busy bees are giving poor consolation to the farmers, many a poor fellow expected his crop would turn out better than his neighbors had done, but the testing machine speedily blew down his house of cards, and left htm to console himBelf with the thought that he wag no better off than tbetn after all. Plucky men these farmers are no doubt, for they steadfastly adhere to the opinion that prices will yet rise, and so afford them a trifle for their outlay. The season has been particularly Bevere on the 42nd men. so much depends t>n a good field and a fair price, that they cannot afford to look on the present ruinously low figure for produce. Our telegraphic difficulty remains as it was, hoping against hope we remain in doubt as to the ultimate suocess of our endeavours to retain it. I perceive the Argus reporter has been round collecting information regarding the 42nd squadron, and some extraordinary things I see he has discovered regarding our part of the world. I think one of his informants must have been trying his credulity when he linked the building of a stable so neat and trim on the church ground for the horses of the worshippers, with the success of the 42nd idea, what relation exiists between the young men's stable and the 42nd section 1 It reminds me of the stump speech at the pantomime, when the question is asked, If Jones got ^60 from Alexander and got into a row about it. is that any reason why the City of Launceston should 60 up in a balloon t Motley's the wear yet, in more cases than one. By the way, what constitutes teetotal drink ! I kuow some of the sons of Racbab that go in for mead being the correct thing. Oue worthy of the class can sail along steadily under three bottles per day, while another essaying two— we wont say nobblets—tastes, came along the bridge; and, to bis astonishment, saw Brittiuglism's lamp and tbe moon polking together, and working away at the Can-Can like clock-work, while the ghosts of all tbe bees murdered, to get tbe material for this refreshing tipple, were buzzing inside bis bat in the most charming manner, like the witches at Alloway Kirk. This discovery set our Herapath to work, and by Bome alchemy he discovered the ingredients to be mel cera JUvra ap recti el aqua in certai proportions. 45o Rachabites and others concerned better beware. On dii we are about getting some new magistrates, in place of Mr JohBon who retired some time ago, and Mr Kir wan who is .appointed for the Ballarat district. Messis Bouse (the engineer and secretary to the Shire), and Mr W. Stewart are named as likely to be appointed, and it is certaiuly time we had some .new ones to keep pace with the requirements of the place. The accident to Mr White is freely canvassed nnd grave doubts exist as to the circumstances connected with the affair, at any rate poor White is unable to tell how he received the injnries he suffers under, for his lucid intervals are so few that nothing has yet beeft learned regarding the case further than the abatement of Mr Spinks which is received with misgivings on all hands. To turn to a more genial topic. The Band of Hope boys, under the supervision of Mr Mackie, had a pic nic on the banks of Joyce's Creek, on Thursday. Everybody knows that Joyce's Creek is famous (or at least supposed to be) for • its fish, and many a nob and «any « snob have essayed to begoile the scaly things from the water holes, so, as boys are only epitomes of-men, they must have a go at fishing too ; an ft, of course, great was the preparation of 'tackle, from the eighteen-penny rod, down to that made with a Jack knife ; bobs and books' were ran on, but Bath, who is believed to have tackle enough to catch all the fish on the banks of Newfoundland, was equal to the occasion and «ach boy got a line ready for the battue. So, when fifes and drums, cakes and fishing rods were duly stowed, a start was made and the procession moved off, beaded by a youth in an historic sbsko and tunic, that did duty once at Lucknow. So begirt, with a sword, the youth rode right royally, followed by the stable commodity. vis., the band iti their scarlet jumpers, in full fig. Once on the ground, _ then tbey would a fishing go, and kept it np with unflagging seal during the day and were quite as successful as their seniors, for one boy hooked a frog—To tbe intense delight of the troop—then another hooked a crayfish, and a" third a thing about three inches long which the savans said was a fish, and no mistake, then they voted fishing for leeches, this they did after the most approved fashion, for bait was getting short, and necessity knows no law, so they peeled and into the waterhole like a lot of young ducks, and it appeared clear that swimming,- like reading cad writing, comes by nature, for they swam hither and thither like young tritons and canght some leeches, regular bounties, worth two bob a dozen. Then, with that innate cwelty that usually distinguishes British youth, they begin to ill-treat an ancient lady that happened to be present— by name Sarah; and poor Sarah was not allowed to smoke her pipe in peace, for these relentless lads seemed determined she should not smoke. 1 suppose it's against Band of Hope rules to smoke And worse than all, a grave and reverb end seigneur egged them on, by promising sixpences to those who did the lady most damage. Then came sixpenny races, and haDdicapping a la Jockey Club fashion ; more eating ; more fishing forfrogB, crayfish, and leeches ; now and then a contest whether the piper or the boys could make the most noise with their respective machines. At last a move was made homeward, in time to escape tbe terrible squall of wind and sain that came down on us at sundown. Grand pic-nics may be the thing, but as much amusement can be got from a boy's treat as any reasonable being could wish for, and ample room to philosophise if yon be so minded. One thing strikes the looker-on at thesetroys* gatherings, which is not over pleasing, vie, the extraordinary precocity of colonial youth, so prone to slang and chafi, and showing a knowledge of things mundane perfectly astonishing. "Whether it is owing to the climate or the carelessness of parents, it.may be difficult to say; but itensta" in force, and possibly does not augur well for the well bang of the ris"mg_generation in yeare to come. At all events, a Band of Hope movement is a step in the-right direction, ana Mr Mackie deserves immense credit in thus endeavoring to improvethe materials provided for him in the neighborhood of Newstead. ASSAULTS OK GAMEKEEPERS.—Six men were before the county magistrates .at Derby .on November 7, charged with a serious .assault on gamekeepers. The prisoners had been attacked while poaching, with several others, by the keepers of Sir^jT. H- Crewe, iand -« contest eusaed, which resulted in several of the combatants on Jjotbsides 4>emg:left insensible on the ground. Bix oE the poachera were arrested either At the -lime .or subsequently, and .were committed for trial at the assizes. One of the keepereWBBseriouslyiurt, . . • .. • Temperance ' lias promising children ; 3Jbt Drunkenness are Pebt, Diahonor. Disease, and Death. 