A YANKEE ADVOCATE. Tho following specimen of a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no comment : — 'Gontlemen of tho jury, the Scriptures saith, ' Thou shalt not kill !' Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do so 1 No such thing, gentlemen j you may bring the piisoner in guilty, the hangman may do his duty, but that will not exonerate you. No such thing. In that caso you will be mur derers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day 1 Who, freemen —who in this land of liberty 'and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie-knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets arc odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in.the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but hang my client, and the scaly aligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the spinal vcrtibrw of your anatomical construc tion is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory golilins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing ! Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of Time's theoietical transmigration, to do no murder ! I adjure you, for the love you have for the esculent and condi mcntal gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder. I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country — I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic tele graph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder ! And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you — if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain buffalo — and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut throated, braid ed, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctiliility, uccjnit my client, and suve your country.' The prisoner was acquitted. 