ffic Salmea jtftotmng Gerald« SATURDAY, JAN U Alt Y. 9, 1869. IN the Assembly yesterday, Ministers in answer to questions said : That thc Government did not intend to introduce any new Laud'Law this session ; that they ' did not intend to . equalise the Ministerial salaries this session ¡ tint several progress reports from tho Water, Commission had been laid on tho table, and the final report would probably be shortly received; that it had not boeii contemplated to offer Mr. Duncan any appointment except that bf Collector ;of. Customs ; and that the total length of tho Clarence tunnel was 530 yards. On the motion of Mr, TUNKS the consideration in committee of a vote , of £1000 for u wharf at Blue's Point was fixed for Tuesday next. ? Clifi's Mineral Leases Bill, and the Coogee Road Transfer Bill, wereibrought in nnd read a first time. < The petition of'John Neilson was ordered tobe printed. Mr. EAOAK called attention to complaints which were mndo by passengers on board the Kaikoura, steamer now in quarantine, that they were kept on hoard that vessel and not allowed to go on shore. ' ilr. SAMUEL enid it was ' necessary for the safety of the colony that the quarantine law* should be carried out, by keeping the ship and passengers the prescribed time in quarantine. At the same time thero was no objection io the passengers going ashore, or to their living in the houses there if they thought proper. After some remarks from Mr. WILSON, Mr. TUNKS, ar.d Mr. LUCAS, the matter was allowed to drop. Mr, WILSON, tis a matter of personal expUna'.ion, called attention to a statement which Mr. Samuel had been reported, in one of the papers, to have said, and denied that he had gone to Mr. Samuel nt the time of Mr. Moore's dismissal, and requested Mr. Samuel to take the matter up. Mr. Samuel had come to him on the occasion referred *b, and had spoken, not as n mem- ber of Parliament, but as n member of the Exhibition Commission. He had asked Mr. Samuel, in that capacity, to state in tho House what ho knetv of Air. Moore's case, and beyond that he had not gone. Mr. SAMUEL said this was virtually what he himself had stated, so that there was really no difference of opinion between him and Mr. SVilson. Mr. LUCAS moved thc second reading of the Water Supply Bill, but as the third and fourth clauses were found to contain a power to the municipality in question to Bell water, the Sr EAK BU ruled that tho bill was a private one, und muBt be introduced in the regular way. The order of the day for the second reading was postponed to Tuesday next. Dr. LARG was proceeding to address the House in favour of a grant of £1000 to Mr. Scott, of Brisbane Water, and had already given the history of a large portion of Mr. Scott's career, when the House wa« counted out nt five minutes past 5 o'clock, there being then only nineteen members present. Tho House adjourned to Tuesday next «t 3 o'clock, THE esprit de corps, the corporation spirit^ the professional sentiment, or whatever term people choose to employ, includes an element of which, a large importation is required, and which is of the highest value to any people. If we wanted negative illustra- tions of tlie importance of this sentiment of duty and obligation ; this inward and self-imposed restraint, we should find in this colony too many examples. No legislation can more than half meet the interests of society. Unless there exists a power apart from, the law, and independent of it, the law itself will often be defeated of its pur- pose, or become an instrument of mischief and wrong. . Men rightly trained and educated hold one another amenable to this unwritten law. It is in vain to say that a thing itself is not outside the permission of legislation ; that people have only gone to the extreme of their legal rights ; that they have done no more than accept the advantages offered by their position. An intelligent view of duty and of the interest of society causes true men to turn with disgust from such talk. What is felt to be wrong in itself, though not liable to any penalty inscribed in the statutes, places men in a disreputable class, and renders them unfit for intercourse with the honourable and just. It is, indeed, quite possible that society may fall so low that this unwritten code of perssnal obligations shall have no force cr recognition j at least that there should be no disposition to condemn a wrong unless it be suffered by the censor himself. People may see meanness and injustice without approval and without condemnation ; or even with feelings so divided that they are disposed rather to praise the ingenuity and cleverness of the process than to estimate by its proper standard the thing itself. The army of England would not hold together for six months were the only restraints upon those who command in it, such as are contained in the Articles of War. It is the undefined and unwritten law which is its grand barrier to meanness, falsehood, and petty oppression, and to the exacting vanity disdained by every man who comes up to the ideal of " an officer and a gentleman." It would be no defence on behalf of officers violating sentiments of this class, that they had done nothing not permitted by the articles of war,-that they had committed ho act , which could bring them under the censure of ' a court-martial. There is a region called Coventry-not indeed the city of that name, or any that can be measured by surveyors or made subject to taxation. But it is a cold and gloomy region where men walk like unquiet ghosts, and where they ruminate on fate, and are unnoticed except askance, perpetually chilled by their sense of lonely de- solation. If the character of that region called Coventry should be se changed as to become equally populated with the regions outside, then military society must pass into a state of demoralisation which will soon show itself in the field as well as in the military quarters. The dread of this social Siberia, unless in the case just supposed, is far more powerful than any law could be. And however men may persuade themselves that they are right in doing what they are permitted to do, when they walk in this dull and dismal solitude their own reflections will compel them to feel how they are not only degraded but despised. This has' often caused men to sell out and to quit for ever a profession in which, perhaps, they have had qualities which might have given them the rewards of fame. Not, indeed, that th's is often the case ; for noble natures that dare and do great things are commonly elevated in both moral and intel- lectual power. Happily for the world the good and the great are not always, nor often, so divided. «** It would be fortunate, indeed, if in the official intercourse of our public men there was the predominance of this spirit. - That want of confidence which shows itself every- where in the civil profession would then dis- appear. Our officials are afraid of each other, and they have good cause so to be. Mean detraction, whispering, undermining-are by no means uncommon, and they are suspected in a larger degree perhaps than that in which they exist. It may be one of the evils resulting from the defect of our Civil Service laws that people are estranged from each other under ideas of risk and danger which would never otherwise exist. If those _ in office welcome talebearers; if they take up small points, and watch for accidental errors to exaggerate them into monstrous faults ; if there is a feeling that one man is the favourite of the head of the office whose desire it is to push him into the place of his superior, and if this feeling passes through all the lines of the ser- vice, how is it passible that there can be ! anything but meanness and misery ? If it were known throughout the profession that any mah acting otherwise than as a gentle- man should act, would not be countenanced afterwards ; that a black mark would be by common consent affixed to his name, there would be some approximation to the spirit which hos kept together the army of England and made it a body respected by the world. In pointing out this essential condition !of safety and comfort in any public service we have had a case in our thoughts-^indeed, more than one. The application, however» we shall leave to the knowledge of our readers'. If they should find an illustration beyond the examples which have presented themselves to ? our view, it will only more fully. prove .how tiue and just are our cóncluf sions. Every man who degrades the' publie service, , or' introduces espionage or back-! biting, , or secret plotting within it, 4s' ari enemy to ;all its members, and any man .who gainB advantage by his skill in this course of proceeding does so at the sacrifice of every- thing that would, entitle him to be classed as " an officer and a gentleman." In a body like the Legislative Assembly,' an esprit de corps ought to exist quite, dis- tinct from its party organisation ; but it is only as yet in its infancy. The admiration of BUNSEN, of the House of Commons, when he attended its debates, was not more of tho order of its discussions and the freedom of its opinion than that of that unwritten law by which its members were more or less influenced, controlled, or intimidated. The whole House would have risen as one man against anything like clear dishonour in its members. Several instances have occurred of men of very high connections and distinguished for their talents, losing entirely influence and authority in the House in consequence of detection in some mean action or some evasion of truth unworthy of a gentleman. They have sunk lower than zero, and no power of elocution, no vigour of effort, could ever raise them again. The eccentricities of opinion are tolerated. Members are heard with more willingness when they have the ability to ex- pound the views of some minor party in the Slate. No man is heard with more readiness than Mr. BRIGHT. No man has made state- ments more unguarded and mow unfounded; but the belief in the fundamental truthful- ness of his character has not been Bhaken. If it were a question within his intellec- tual and moral competence, and if he were to tell one corrupt and distinct lie he would lose all power in the House for ever. It has been up to the present time a maxim in that body, that a liar is a common disgracej and that men who do mean tricks in the accomplishment of party purposes, may serve a party for the moment, but that they con- tribute to its ultimate ruin. IT must be clear to every one that the real difficulty of our public finance is the diffi- culty' of living within our income. For the last five years public attention has been espe- cially called to the state of the Treasury. Up to the time that Mr. COWPER lost office for having incurred and concealed a deficit it was difficult to get either Parliament or public to give a close and intelligent criticism to the state of the accounts. But the people were roused a little when they found that a deficit of £400,000 had been incurred, and that new taxes were wanted to pay it off. They were still more roused when they found that the Ministry that succeeded Mr. COWPER managed in one year to double that deficit. Since that time there has been somewhat fuller exposi- tion and more debate on matters financial, though some whose duty it was to make things plain have rather laboured to confuse the state of affairs. Yet, in spite of the additional interest that has circulated round financial matters, and the additional light that has been thrown on them, we find that we are drifting into the old style, and beginning deficit-making again. It appears that, though last year we were faithfully promised a surplus, we were landed with a deficit of over £150,000. The conse- quence is that the Sisyphus-stone which was laboriously rolled a little way up hill has rolled down again. During his tenure of office, Mr. EAGAR had managed to pay off about £150,000 of the old deficit, and then he winds up by incurring fresh debt to about the same amount. So that we are as we were. This debt used to be £850,000, and it is £850,000 still, and that in spite of the fact that new taxation to the amount of nearly £800,000 has been levied off the people. The taxes were submitted to under the impression that they would pay for the debt. The Govern- ment has Had the money, but it has not discharged the obligation. Fresh claims on the revenue have cropped up, and they have shouldered the older claim out of the field. In this state of affairs the late TREASURER appears to have given up all idea of the rapid extinction of the deficit as a bad job-to have thought it useless any longer to be pre- tending to pay off what could only be paid by fresh loans, and to have made up his mind to settle the deficit on to the general debt, and so get rid of it. A measure for this purpose was found among the papers he left behind him. The present TREASURER has so far inherited his ideas that he, too, proposes to make a deficit [loan, and allow a long term of years for its extinction; only he proposes, as an improvement, to make the loan purely local, and not trouble the English capitalists with it. This is the ultimate result of our promises to pay. We first get recklessly into debt Parliament pushing Government, and Govern- ment not daring to resist. Then we repent, and promise to reform, and prove the sincerity of thc repentance by paying fines in the shape of fresh taxes, the Government undertaking with the money to pay off the accumu- lated obligations. Then having discharged our consciences in this manner we go on aB before pressing the Government for miscel- laneous expenditure, or the Government itself suddenly flush of funds courts popularity by proposing new expenditure. Then when we find our old deficit staring us in the face as large as ever we cry out, " What has become of the produce of the new taxes ? " The answer is, " that it has been spent as fast as it accrued." We then have to consider what is to ' be done with this deficit which cannot get itself' paid off in spite of adequate provision made for it, and the best plan our TREASURERS can devise is to postpone the payment in- definitely. No one has the face to ask for fresh taxes to try a second time. For what security could be offered that the new taxe* would not' go the way, . 'of , the old taxes, and that four years hence we should not find ourselves still saddled with the same deficit, and with a scale of expenditure nugmented exactly in proportion to the enlarged income. No coming Government would be under more sacred obligations than past Governments have been to do the utmost to keep faith willi the taxpayer and the creditor, and where is the assurance that future mem- bers and their constituencies will be ' less pressing, or that Government will be more virtuous ? We have passed through one spasm of repentance and good resolution, and are not much the better for it. What assurance have we that a second effort in the same direction would be a whit more prosperous ? ! Of course, if the deficit cannot bc paid off it must ; bo ; borné, and the TREASURER'S skill iá then confined to shewing how il can be most easily borne. This is practically the con- clusion we have now come to. It is the easiest way out of a .difficulty, but it loaves a stain upon bur honour. It is a practical admission that we cannot be restrained from overspend- ing, and that we cannot be trusted with the funds to repay a debt of extravagance. What effect will it have oh our credit to be told that .we;have been trying for five years to poy. off a deficit incurred in two, and that we have at last given up the tatk as hope- less ? We rejoice that the last loan sold well in London, but it would be more satisfactory if we could honestly feel that our financial management had been such as to justify the most implicit confidence. The statement made by the TREASURER is a confession that wo promised what we have not performed and what we ought to hare performed. KEV. GKOHOB E. TURNER, OP RYDE.-Wo rogrot .to leam thnt tho Rov. Mr. Turnor still hos in n precarious sutto from tho injuries caused hy tho accidont ho mot with a fow days ago. UNITED THAYER MEETINGS.-Tho lost of tho series of meetings for United Prayer- which havo been hold in various churches in tho city and suburbs during tho prosent week-was held last ovening in tho Pitt-streot Congrega- tional Church. A United Communion Servico was also held in conjunction with tho prayer mooting. Thero was a very largo attendance. Tho Rev. John Gnibnm presided. Tho Rov. T. S. Forsaith, tho Rev. T. Johnson, tho Rov. A. Thomson, tho Rov. Dr. Steel, tho Rev. J. P. Sunderland, tho Rov. S. Rabone, and Bovoral other clergymen wero present, besides many communicants from tho city and suburban churches. Tho Rev. W. Kclynnck preached a vory impressive sermon to tho" congregation; and tho Rev. J. B. Laughton delivered an earnest nddross to communicants, after which tho ordinance of tho Lord's Supper was ad- ministered. Tho spooial subject of prnyor-to which tho sermon and address had especial roforoncc-was " For tho conversion of healhons and Mahommodans ; tho growth of missionary zeal ¡ tho removal of hindrances to preaching the Gospel among all nations ; for recent con- verts ; and for all who aro suffering persecution for tho truth."-Pursuant to tho recommendation of tho central committee, meetings for united prayer havo been hold during tho week at Woollahra, Paddinglon, Waverley, and Newtown, all of which wero well attended. On Monday ¡ evening, tho meeting was hold in tho Congregational Church, Point Piper Road. Mr. Forsaith, tho pastor, pre- sided. Tho Rev. Messrs. Milne and Gainford, and Messrs. J. Thompson and S. Goold led tho prayors of tho ussombly. Tho chairman spóko briefly on ono of tho titles by whioh God has been pleased to ninko himself known to His people, " Tho Father of Mercies.".-On Tuesday ovening, tho meeting was hold in St. John's Church, Paddington.' Tho pastor. Mr. Milne, presided. Prayers wero offered by Rev. Messrs. Forsaith, Ridloy, Gainford, and by Mr. Steel. Mr. Ridloy addressed tho mooting, referring to late promi- nent events in England, America, and among tho nations of other parts of tho world, deducing from thom motives for increased nctivity in all Churches of Christ.-On Wednes- day ovening, at tho Congregational Church, Ocean-streotJ Tho place WSB well filled ; Mr. Gainford, tho pastor, pro- sified. Prayers wero offered by tho Rev. Messrs. Milne, Burdett, Hardio, Forsaith, and by Mr, Bonnott, tho Rov. Mr. Rigby (WeBloyan) delivered a very effective animated address on prayer, its hindrances, and the means to surmount them. On Thursdoy ovening, in tho Wos lcynn Church, Wnverloy, tho pastor, Mr. Amos, pre- sided. Prayers were offered by Rovs. Mossrs. Forsaith and Burdett, and by Messrs. S. Thompssn and Wostoll. Mr. Gainford gave tho address. At Nowtown tho meotings wero held every evening, at tho Municipal Council Cham- bers (lato School of Arts). Tho Revs. Messrs. Kent, Taylor, Hurst, Shophcrd, Gilchrist, and Foggin took a prominent part in tho services of cachevoning. Tho sub- jects of intercession on each occasion hare been tho same ns thoso announced in connection with tho meetings in tho city. DEATH MOM ANIMAL PorsoNrKG.-Tho City Coronor held an inquiry nt his office, yesterday, respecting the death of a mon, named Timothy Slater. Margaret Slater stated that deceased was n Inbourcr, and resided at Fairfield ; ho wns about 04 years of age, and n native of England ; ho has left Eovcn children ; on Saturday last ho complained of some sores on lus hand ; when ho went homo on tho pre- vious (Friday) night, ho said ho had been cutting up a boast that had died suddenly, and that in doing so, ho cut his hand in three places with tho bones ; tho itching of tho soros con- tinued all Sunday and Monday ; on Monday, sho observed that his right arm was swollen very much, and at night sha applied wet bandages and bread poultices, changing them repeatedly during tho night ; ho did not tako any medicino ; on Tuesday ho came down to Nowtown to gGt medical ndvico ; he Baw Mr. Kingsbury ; sho followed him on Wed- nesday, and mot him at Newtown ; ho, then complained of pains inwardly; ho appeared te suffer soveroly with his ami ; ho wont to seo Dr. Sedgwick", who pref cribed for him; ho took tho medicines that Dr. Sedgwick ordered for him ; on Thursday ovoning sho went to tho Sydnoy Infirmary with an order for hor husband's admission, but found it waa too lato ; yestorday morning she left Nowtown with her husband in a cab, for tic Inlitmary, but ho died on tho way thoro ; ho was in perfectly good health up to Friday last. Mr. W. J. G. Bedford, houso Burgeon nt tho Infirmary, Btatcd that deceased, on arriving at tho Infirmary about half-past 9 o'clock, was quito dead; ho had mado a post niortotri examination of the body which was that of a strong, well developed man; thero wits general lividity of the fuco, neck, arms, chest, and tho whole of tho back ; rigidity was well marked ; a yellow fluid escaped from tho mouth and nostrils when pressuro was applied to tho abdomen ; tho pupils of tho eyes wero dilated ; tho right hand and arm as tor os the elbow was swollen ; throe malignant pustules appeared on the right hand, and thero was a fourth just abovo tho wrist ; tho blood vessels of tho nook were largely filled with liquid dark-coloured blood; tho trachea and bronchia wein filled with a yellowish matter; a largo quantity of yellowish, red coloured, fluid escaped from tho abdomen un being opened ; tho bowels protrudod, and tho liver was one mass of adhesions ; tho wholo of tho in- testines wero in an ncuto state of inflammation ; ho was of opinion that deceased died from peritonitis, brought on most probably by animal poisoning; tho symptoms des- cribed in evidence wore thoso which ordinarily manifested themselves in animal poisoning. A verdict in accordance with tho medical testimony was returned by tho jury. ACCIDENTS.-A man named James Listor, a drayman, was ndmitted into tho Infirmary yesterday, having had ono of his ankles dislocated by a caso of goods falling on his foot. The case had just boon hoisted out of tho Sobraon at the Circular Quay.-On Thursday, a man named James Purcell was admitted into the Infirmary, having had ono of his thigh bones broken by a bale of wool falling on to him at the stores of Messrs. Daniell, King, and Co. CAUTION TO BATHERS.-A correspondent writes : On Monday last a shark about fourteen feet long got par- tially stranded on the mud near the Pyrmont quarry, between Glebe Island and Blackwattle Swamp bridge. The shark was for nearly half-an-hour before it could get away and splashed and plunged as though in great fury. Although there were upwards of fifty persons who saw the monster, not one attempt was made to capture it ; one man stated he would not attempt it for a-thousand pounds." BOROUGH OP ALEXANDRIA.-A meeting of tho Alder- men of this borough (convened by tho Council Clork) was held on Thursday evening, tho 7th instant, nt thoir tem- porary Council Chamber, for tho election of n Mayor in tho room of Mr. E. J. Hawksloy, unseated by an order of tho Supremo Court, Inst term. Thero wore present Aldermen Mnrlnnd, Sparks, Bretncll, Farr, Bancroft, and Biackloy. Tho chair having been taken by tho Conncil Clerk, and thc position of tho Council fully considered, it waa moved by Aldcrmnn Marland, seconded by Alderman Bretnall, and carried unanimously, that Alderman Sparks bo Mayor for tho remainder of tho current year. Tho now Mayor then returned thanks and tho Council rose. PIUNCE AU-MI) BAND OP HOPE.-This sociotyheld their usual meeting last evening, Mr. Gregg occupied tho chair. The Urogramme was very varied and entertaining ; soveral excellent recitations wero given by tho lads, one especially elicited applause, entitled "Buy your own cherries," and others sung in good style. A young girl also Bung two songs. Tho secretary announced that next Friday ovening, Mr. A. Cano would doliver a locturo with experiments, tho Rev. A. H. Stephens taking tho chair. CORRECTION.-Instead of tho "(esthetics of population " in yesterday's second leader, relativo to tho stato of Greece, read Ibo ethics of population. BHADLKY, Newton, and Lamb wish to call tho nttentlon of furniture buyers and others, to their salo, this dny, at ll o'olook, of furniture, pianos, &c.; and at 12 o'clock, oil paintings, S.o., and thc usual household utensils.-AMT. ' 