THE AFRICAN GOLD FIELDS. t fi-otii tin Mount Alexander Mail. April 5.) AcojiHEsyoNDENT.who lately left this district for the now African gold-fields, writes :— ? 'Natal, December 16, 1868. ' I arrived here on the 12th instant. At Mauritius three of .mr party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately \- scaped. We were detained a few days in consequence; lut H matters bqt JitUe, 1 am ewry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that noarly all the reports we bid beard regarding the gold- fields were lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by fourteen men for twelve months, during which time they havo only knocked out somo 3 oz, . of gold. Distance certainly lends enchantment to Vie view, for few here appear to know anything about the diggings, One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz from which he said he could get 60 oz. to the ton, which I am sure would not produce a pennyweight. I think (he fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after ponndfsg and wishing a dishful of the most likely-looking stone we faded to dis cover the ghost of a Bpoc, nor could we find the colour on any of the lot he had. If ever a fellow deserved lynching lie certainly does, and I fhon'd not mind making one to do it. MobI people are ef the opinion tbat the two specimens that wore dent home came first from AustralU ; at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here before or Bince. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that an English prospecting party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on waiting their arrival The diggings are no end of a distance up country —quite i Burke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 miles. No chance of ewafrgfng it here. It will cost £10 per man for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, provisions. &c; : consequently we have thought it advisable to bold on a week till the prospectors make their appearinoe, and then try and join with then. In for a penny or a pound ; we are come so far and arc bent on seeing a little of the country ; but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from ffic again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, but I have sot been able to drop io. with them. Again, I Bay, stay where you are. You remembrr Mount Hope rush, or Mount Hoax, as it m called. There is a good deal of 'ditto' about this affair, something- not quite tha ' pure merino.' By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but ' it wouldn't wash.' The KafBrs work for next to nothing— 12s. per month, and two feeds of sweet potatoes per day ; and, as for living being so very cheap, yon can live as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing I have seen as yet— 3d. for thirty peaches, and the same amount, for ten melons. ... I will write as soon as ever I can get a chance ef doing so. I wish I was back at Guildford ngain ; catch me coming on a wild-goose chase again, (hat's all.' 