THE AUSTRALIAN" MUSE. Scriptural, Historical, and Experimental Facts, Put Together and Illustrated According to Ability. By Henry Boehme, Bough Carpenter, &c.;, Ashfield. — "Gutten- berg" Printing Office, Sydney. Such was a pamphlet, blue as to its external cover, typographically eccentric as to its contents, and twenty-four as to the number of its pages, which was sent a few days ago to the Punch office. The benignant owner of that popular and vast establishment cast his eyes over the title, and imagining it was a heap of new-fangled theories on spiritual manifestations, having, possibly, some reference to the " Kiama Ghost" — the five hundred phantom specials — the Ku Klux Klan, and the "glorious Nine" — or something equally abstruse, com plicated, and appalling, sent to him as a present by some one well acquainted with liis deep sympathies in favor of political mystery, was about to cast it into the waste paper basket — he should say receptacle for articles " saved from the flames " — for perusal on some other occasion when he had nothing else in the world to do. As Mr. Punch was raising the pamphlet to its destined resting-place, a small piece of paper dropped from between its leaves, which he immediately picked up, and found inscribed on it, in handwriting, the following lines : — The press is called an Engine ef great good I am a strainger but in this here land For moneys sake ; you press on chaff or truth Though I am poor — still justice I demand. Long and anxiously did Mr. Punch ponder over these mysterious couplets, but failed to understand their meaning. Luckily, he has two or three Polyglot experts on his staff, and these gentlemen, after laying their heads together for some time, furnished him with a free and easy translation of the enigma, the gist of which was that the pamphleteer was anxious to get justice "in this here land," and in the columns of Punch — in other words, wanted Punch to review his work. The great man smiled complacently, and, re-opening the leaves, discovered that he was handling a small collection of lyrics on a perfect ollct podrida of subjects, by a new Sydney "poet." As Australian Literature has even been " most dear in his regard" (which is the reason he pertinaciously abstains from ever purchasing it), he smiled a sweet assent to the prayer of the new-fledged Pega- sean, and hence the present article. He would premise, however, that he has no intention to " gild refined gold and paint the lily" by any elaborate criticism or commendation of the manifold beauties and striking peculiarities of these brilliant additions to the Lyra Australis. These will speak for themselves to the highly poetically- tinged instincts of his feilow-citizens. He will, therefore, confine his " review " to simply observing that he has certainly read poets who wrote rhyme and reason together — others with plenty of reason and very little rhyme — and others who gave any amount of rhyme and no reason at all, but it was reserved for the year 1869, to Mr. Henry Buffi me, and to his new work to prove that New South Wales has a man capable of producing twenty -four pages of poetry in which there is not one atom of rhyme or reason either ! This is certainly a great triumph ; and Mr. Punch almost envies the delight he is about to confer on his readers, by exposing to their enraptured gaze the fol lowing haphazard extracts from this casket of gems. Ex pede Herculem. I. ABOUT THREE MONTHS AGO. I went to a phrenologist To get well squeezed my bumps. He told me plain, predominant, I had some tidy lumps. He told me all my qualities Which I knew well myself, I asked him just to fork out those Which stuck behind the shelf. He asked me did I ever write Some poetical works, I told him I know pots of treacle And spoons, and knives and forks. When I came home my wife squeezed me Jnst tell me where you been, I told her that my bumps had been tried, I like to confess clean. I told her all the odds and ends Without the least being shy, I told her that I could be a poet, She said well that 's a lie. (8®" Evidently a practical and truth-telling woman. — Toby.) She says again whilst I am writing Will that give us the cheese? The doctor wants you with one broom To sweep his two chimnies. Whoever got one bob to spare, And wants for it reward, I advise him to go down George Street And give it to Edwards. II. ASK AND YOU WILL BE GIVEN. Never trifle, look about well, Seek but for reality. If you stand and dote 011 trifles Trifle in the end you Ml be. "lever hasty safe old lumber Up into a spare garret. Men who preach but now 0:1 mutton Might make rattling shepherd's yet. Be contented, never envy Other people's shining lot, All the bricks which is in castles Are but burned original mud. Always ready, never wearv To defend yourself and truth. Men who pride but in illusions Do less than an instincted brute. III. ON MR. HENRY PARKES. Know ! there is different honours for different members due, Just as for nails a hammer, a driver for a screw. (fs Ricbard Driver? Not much fear of his getting "screw" from Parkes. — Punch.) In childhood but we can be taught To see life's stream ruu plain, If Cain but studied nature's laws No Abel would been slain. (8®" A specious attempt to clear Cain's character. The writer probably would have us believe that Cain's ignorance of natural law3 would prevent his knowing that a knock over the head with a stick was hurtful to the feelings. — Toby.) Let then Parkes' Education Bill For ten years work or more, The present generation will Yet glory in Parkes' lore. ( ' ' Lor' ! will they. " — J udy. ) Though Parkes is called a heretic Some say he is a dunce, But Parkes done more than all the lot, He blessed our li ttle ones . We say it is Parkes who brought to light That horrid Treason clause, But had there been 110 Treason hero There would have been 110 cause. (py The last verse was evidently suggested by Goldsmith's "Madame Blaize." — Printer's Devil.) Advance then, young Australia, Drop bigotry, be brief, Know every Public school we build Is a new laurel leaf. And when the country is then one All sect disputes cut down, Otu- Parkes will be a monument, All laurels due his crown. There ! Mr. Punch would regret that he has only room for these imperfect specimens of Mr. Boelime's poetical genius, hut that he as fully believes his readers have had enough of them as he is perfectly certain he has. It is to be hoped that great meat-rical patron and mutton chop Maecenas, Mr. P. M 'Carroll, will take an early oppor tunity of engaging this felicitous combination of the "rough car penter" and the rude poet, ere the nose of another great bard of " arborous Ashfield " be put completely out of joint by him. By the way, should the author's ' ' Scriptural, Historical, and Ex perimental Facts " ever reach a second edition, he would find a very much better title for them in "Gurglings by the Gluepot." This, bound in the very strongest calfskin, would be a neat and appropriate companion to its kindred " Murmurs by the Stream" on the shelves of all the most illustrious bibliomaniacs in the Australian colonies. At the head of the title-page of this refreshing production, Mr. Punch finds the following equally refreshing couplet : — All earthly treasures gained, are gained to loose them, But talents given us, we are bound to use them. He would recommend the author to paraphrase, and apply these lines to himself, as thus — AH earthly treasure gained, wo are hound to use it ; As for my poetry, Heaven grant I lose it ! 