DESTRUCTION OP ST. MARY'S TEMPORARY CATHEDRAL BY FIRE. Another heavy calamity has fallen upon the Roman Catholic community of Sydney, in tbo totnl destruction by fire of the spacious temporary Oathodralof St. Mary's, with its varied and valuable oontents, embracing almost everything that was saved from tho fiamos when tho chiof edifico was destroyod on tho 29th Juno, 1805. leaving tho numerous congregation onco more without a place in which to assorablo for Divino worship. Tho fire was disoovorod about half-past throe o'clock on Tuesday morning, and in less than half-an-hour tho fabric was level with tho foundations. The wooden material of which it was constructed, ex- oopt the bnsement story, which was of stone, wns highly infiamable from the recent drv weather ; and as n north-oast wind of considerable force wns blowing at that hour, tho flames spread with un paralleled rapidity. From an inquiry into tho cir cumstances under which tho calamity occurred, wo gather that tho origin of tho fire seems at present to bo involved in mystery. Three persons, named respectively John ICiornan (sacristan), Patriok O'Rourko, cathedral cleaner, and James Rynn. a groom, slept upon tho premises, and it is reported by them that when they re:ired to rest the doors and windows wore all fastened, tho lights thoroughly extinguished, and everything perfectly safe." Ono of them, Kiernan. was awoke, as near as lie enn rocolloot, about half-past three o'clock, by a crack ling noiso, and Bull'ocating smoke: on rising and looking into the intorior of tho building ho saw that the cathedrnl was in flames. Ho instantly aroused his companions, and they set to work and got out tho church registers, with which they had just oleared out of tho building when constnblo Chapman, tho officer on tho boat, arrivod. Tho constable, it should be noted, had passed tho ca thedral on his round at about a quarter to three, and porceived no signs of firs then, although ho particularly noticed tho place in passing. In tra versing his beat ho had occasion to go into Dow- ling-street, when ho saw the reflection of fire inside tho edifico through tho windows of tho building, and roturning found the fire was raging with groat fury, nnd the parties escaping with tho registers as above related. Two stenm-engines, tho manual and tho handreels, of tho Insurnnca Company Firo Brigado were upon the spot almost immediately after tho alarm was given. Tho members of tho two volunteer companies, with thoir appliances, wero also speedily in attendance, but could not render much service as thoy had not sufficient hose. At this timo the flames wero flaring in dangerous proximity to tho stables on the south side of tho qundrnnglo, when a party of men took out tho horses and led them to a placo of snfety. Tho carriages wero left in tho coaoh-hou<o as they would probably have boon broken to pieces if any attempt had been made to remove them. Tho flames, however, wore fortunately confined to tho main building, which presented this morning a most desolate nppoarnnco— tho wholo of tho wood work down to the stono foundations had disap peared. and was utterly consumed; excepting in one or two places where tho timber used in the construction of the building wns rathor thicker than usual, nnd which still continues smouldering, nothing but nshes remained. The first ecclesiastic who arrived on tho ground was father John Dwyer, his Qrnco tho Archbislytp and tho Vicnr-Genoral arriving about four. "Tho venernblo Archbishop was received with touching sympathy by the multi tude of persons present, and scorned to be much affected when contemplating tho catastrophe. It wduld soom that the firo first broke out in or near tho choir or tho organ loft, on the south side of tho edifico. Ono very romarknblo circumstnnco | wns noticed shprtly after the destruction of tho roof. Tho gas exuding from a pipe nenr tho mater i wns perceived to be burning. A constnblo wont to l tho box i/i which tho muter was fixed, and found c tho gas wns turned full on. In tho offices at- ( tachod to tho cathedral there wero two iron safes, r ono of which wns much injured, Its contents s wero for tho most part destroyod. Tho other is j still surrounded by burning dobris, and being t almost rod hot has not. of course, bepn yet examined. Tho building was insured with the United Insurnnco Company for 1000/., "of which | 5001\. was ro-insured. _ ' It is almost impossible to estimate in money tho | loss sustained by the destruction of ecclesiastical 1 property contained in the edifico. Tho Archbishop's ( vestmonts and the vestments of the clergy wero of t tho estimated value of 10002., nnd fully 5001. worth j i moro had been purchnscd since the great con- | i flagration. The organ was not an exponsivo one, ( I and its prime cost was about 3001., but tho loft contained 1001. worth of musio, saved in 1805, i to which hnd boon added a largo solcction of 1 masses, &o.;, with full orchestral accompnniments, bringing the value up to about 5001. The total < loss by tho firo is ostimnted at from '10002. to 50002. 1 Among tho debris discovered under tho site of I tho altar, was a silver trowel. This trowel was i the ono used at tho laying of tho foundation stono of St. John's Golloge. nnd wns tolorably well pre- I served, considering tho calcining process it had i undergone. Tho cost of tho Tomporary Cathedral was estimated at over 20001., so that, exclusivo of I tho fittings, furnituro, &e.;, tho insurance will not 1 covor tho loss by a considerable amount. The registry books that wero fortunately saved wero transferred to tho Church of tho Snored Heart. i Tho three persons who wero on tho promises i wlion tho fire broke out nil slept in rooms nenr tho oast end of tho building — Rynn and O'Rourko in rooms in tho stone-built basement, and Kiernan in thesnensty or offico on a level with tho floor of the main building. Kiernan, who war. alarmed by tho flames beforo the others, states that when he first snw the firo it nppenred on tho south side of the cathedral noar tho nest sido of tho choir. Others who saw tho firo from tho outside stato that it nppearod to bo not in tho choir, but a littlo to tho west of it. wlion thoy first saw' it. Thoro had been no servico in the cathedral nor any occasion for lights sinco Sunday evening. Those who slept on tho premises stato that when they retired to rest all lights wora put out in their rooms: and it is evident that from whatever cnuso tho fire originated it did not commence in the part occupied as sleeping apartments. Tho remains of tho ecclcsinslical dresses and furniture, books, &c.;, uro still to bo soon smouldering in henps between the foundation walls, whero they fell when tho floors wero consumed. Many of tho vestments boing of silk, a fabric very incombustible, par ticularly when lying in heavy folds or closely packed, accounts for thoir partial esoapo for n timo from tho rapid destruction which overtook tho I building. A not unnatural, but, wo bolievo, a very un founded suspicion, appears to pervade the minds of many Roman Catholics — viz,, that tho firo was tho work of an incendiary, prompted by scctnrian animosity. Thoro is not, so far as wo oan learn, tho slightest tangiblo ground for this unworthy suspicion ; and when the ooroner's inquiry takes placo we shall bo much surprised if tho ovidenco does not point to tho probability that tho firo originated from somo oversight or nogloct in con nection with tho gas --which, as stated above, wns found yestordny morning after tho firo fully turned on. Wo learn that tho magnificent gold communion service, presented by her Majesty tho lato Queen of Spain, was not within the building, and bus thore- toro escaped in;ury.- — Empire. the S. At. Herald states — Some of the furnituro of tho clerk's ofiico and of the offico of tho Vicar- General. however, was saved, nnd so, too, was an iron safe containing tho church registers. Every thing olso— books, vestmonts, nnd church pinto of 1 the utmost valuo — perished in tho general ruin. Tho loss to tho church in vestmonts alone is esti mated at not less than 15001. Amongst these vest ments wns tho magnificent and invuluablo suite presented to tho cathedrnl by tho Into Countess of Shrewsbury. The cope of this suite, worked in cloth of gold and set in jewels, wns worn by tho Archbishop for tho Inst timo a few days since, at tho laying of tho foundation atono of tho new Cathedral. Thus tho vestments and church plate which wero snved from tho burning of tho old cathedral havo now been destroyed. On Tuesday evening a publio mooting of tbo Roman Catholic iinhabitnnts of Sydney wns hold at St. Mary's Seminary, for tho purpose of collecting funds fur rebuilding tho pro- cathedral, destroyod in tho morning by firo. Tho hall was densely crowded by an excited but orderly mass of per sons of all alnsscs of society — both men and women. The Most Rev, tho Roman Oatholie Archbishop presided. " % Tho Archbishop conoludod nn affecting address thus — Lot us proceed forthwith to raise up onco moro that tomporary cathedrnl in which we huvo worshipped God; to rebuild on tho same spot that House of God which has been so suddenly swept away. Lot us mnke such n collection for that high i and holy object, this very night, that by tho first ; Sunday in Lent we may meet in our now temporary ' cathodrnl nnd thoro offer up tho adorable sacrifice of tho Mass, and there pass tho Holy season of \ Lent in such a manner that wo may prove ourselves rondy for tho glad festival of Eivstor. (Cheers.) Lot us havo no conjectures now ns to the cause of i this affliction which has so grieved us, no bus- pioion unworthy of ourselves and tho great task that is set before us. (Loud cheers.) Oa9tallsus-,' picions as to tho cnuso of this firo entirely asido. and think but of what wo have to do. (Renewed cheering.) Only let us submit ourselves to tho adorable will of God, in all that ho has brought to . pass, for without Ilis will it certainly could not havo happened. In your namo, my dear children, do I offer up to Almighty God my entiro submis sion to His will in this most afflicting dispensation, detorminod to see nothing in it but that which Ho has wisely and mercifully ordored. Let us resolve at onco to rebuild our temporary cathedral for our immediato uso, and let us further rosolvo to com plete the cathedral which wo havo worthily begun, for tho greater glory of God, and for tho salvation of our immortal souls. (Loud cheers.) Tho recommendation or tho Arohbisbop having been adopted in tho form of resolutions, the Archbishop stated that an estimate had been made of tho loss, nnd it wns cnlculntod to he from 15001. to 17001. They would bo enabled, by the insur ance. to start with 15001, What ho asked them, therefore, to raiso was 15001., putting down pound for pound. His Grace Lnnouncod to tho meotin"' that ho had received a very handsomo subscription from a Jewish gentleman, whoso liberality ho nc- : knowledged in tho heartiest terms. Tho Archbishop also announced similar subscriptions from Mel bourne and from Bathurst. A subscription was then opened, and alnrgosuxr wns collected beforo tho closo of tho meeting. Referring to tho calumity in its lending article tho Herald remarks— But what a dcplor.ibb thought that any doubt exists of tho nccidcnta origin of this firo. Wo should certninly hstv disdained such suspicions ns a scandal to th colony, woro we not aware thatthero are publishei in this city pnpers professing to bo Protestant am Catholic, whoso sole aim is to stimulate th passions and to mako men enemies to one anothe on occount of their nation or their laith. Thes publications are a dishonour to the names the profess to bear. Tho intermixture of religiou interests with thoir atrocious politics must inclin tho minds of men, who havo not thought deepli to doubt whether religion itself is not another fori of ovil. It is not necessary whero malice is to I gratified that there should be many instrumont To a widespread passion ono or two agents ai sufficient. We havo had deplorable evidenc confirmed by the clearest proof of the ranlignai results of publications, which seom to havo r other object thun to rendor civil society impossibl nnd to kindlo everywhere tho flames of parson hatred. It will, perhaps, be our duty to sole I engaged a young man as coachman, and to aic- ; company his daughter when out on horseback as ; groom. Time ran on, and before many months , had expired it was generally observed that when : out riding, the coachman, instead of taking his proper place, a few yards behind the young lady, 1 was always by her side, chatting in a most familiar manner. Things went on in this way for several mouths, till at last it began to be : noticed that the young lady's visits to the stables ; were not, like the angel's ' few and far between.' : The familiarity carried on between her and the coachman excited remark, and the latter one fine morning received notice from bis master that after a certain time bis services would no longer be required. The time arrived, the man left, | and obtained a situation at , a small village I near , as coachman, &c.;, in a gentleman's i family. All went on very well, apparently, till about a fortnight since, when the young lady f 'oft her parent's house on a supposed visit to London. Instead of proceeding there, it appears , she found her way to — — , and before many . hours had passed away from the time of herleav- . ing home she was married by special license at > — church to her father's late coachman. . After the ceremony was performed she left the 1 village and proceeded home, and on the following j morning (Sunday) she took her seat as usual at j the harmonium in her father's church, just as if , nothing out of the usual had occurred. However, j before the day was gone the truth came out, the news spread like wild-fire in the village and i neighbourhood, and created the greatest excite ment, for the young lady was not only respected, but beloved by all who knew her. She is highly accomplished and ladylike in the extreme, and t what is more, is, or will be, possessed of £50,000. Her age is twenty-seven. The most extraordi- ; nary part of the affair is that the bridegroom is nothing out of the usual way in appearance. As ' a description of him, we should say he has the ! appearance of what is commonly called ' horsey,' : a thorough coachman to look at, stands about five | feet nine or ten inches high, full red face, with no 1 whisker, and no address whatever. He is well \ known in the neighbourhood of this town. His f father is a hawker of earthenware, and the \ mother is in the habit of going out charing, i Much sympathy is felt for the rev. gentleman and ; his wife, who are universally respected." ; " To Excite Sympathy." — An inquest held : by Mr Payne at the Queen's Bench Military j Prison discloses a system of refined torture which ; would be considered severe for the Inquisition. The deceased was a soldier and an inmate of the prison. He bad been committed for striking his corporal with his clenched fist. He appears to hare been a most violent man, the prison autho rities had great difficulty in managing him, and : altogether bis character was not that which in j itself would move one to pity. But the punish- j ment inflicted for insubordination is nothing less i than disgraceful. He was put upon bread and ij water. This might be needful. But bread was | only served out once a day, at twelve o'clock. | Having had this, the prisoner had to wait till ft twelve o'clock next day for another meal. But j£ this is not all. At breakfast time — that is to t say, when the prisoner had been some twenty j-' hours without food — he was taken down into the " breakfast-room to see his fellow-prisoners eat ; and after breakfast marched back again without having his hunger satisfied. Is it very strange ; that when he found a rope in his cell ho used it for putting an end to his existence ? The posi- tion of the gaolers on the question is peculiar. They were unanimous in their opinion that the fX; man tried hanging (without intending to kill him self) as a means of exciting sympathy. Meeting of Three Eminent Men. — When Mr Disraeli launched his first tale, and found it j to be a great success, Lord Lytton, then Mr ; Edward Lytton Bulwer, had achieved the proud , place as a novelist which he has ever since re- > tained. The aspirant for literary distinction had long admired at a distance the renown of his senior, and, encouraged at the reception which his own maiden offort had received, he did what young authors under such circumstances are apt to do. He sent to Mr Bulwer a copy of " Vivian Grey," writing at the same time an apologetic note, and giving reasons for the liberty he hod taken. The letter, with its accompanying gift, were at once acknowledged, and Mr Disraeli was requested to name a day for dining with their recipient. It happened that Mr Disraeli had arranged for quitting England the day but one after receiving this invitation. He wrote to say so, and the morrow was fixed for the symposium. Four gentlemen sat down to Mr Bulwer's table on that occasion — one being, of course, tho host ; another, Mr Disraeli ; the third, a man shy, but evidently intelligent, for though he said com paratively little, his remarks, as often as be had hazarded them, were keenly to the purpose. The fourth, a private friend of the host, need not be specified. It was an evening not to be forgotten, because then, as now, Lord Lytton and Mr Disraeli shone in conversation. The party broke up about midnight, and the host and his friend were left alone together. After discussing Disraelli, the question was put, " Who is your j silent guest ?" " He is one of the ablest men I ! know," was the reply. " He was my contem- | porary at college. He is now a barrister ; and, I mark my words, he will attain the highest honours \ of his profession. His name is Cockburn." The | climax to this little domestic history or gossip j is very remarkable. The two brilliant novelists I and the painstaking lawyer, who dined together : some forty or more years ago, comparative)-. ; obscure men, have all risen to positions of emi nence in the State. Mr Cockburn is Lord Chief j Justice of England ; Mr Bulwer, after serving the ; Secretary of State for the Colonies, has become a ' peer of the realm; and Mr Disraeli, on more j than one previous occasion Chancellor of the ; Exchequer, and leader of the House of Commons, . is First Lord of the Treasury. So much for the . practical working of a constitution which Mr ; Bright denounces as repressive of merit, and Mr : Gladstone, forgetful what it has done for himself, seeks to overthrow, i' A Yankee Advocate. — The following speci- | men of a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs | no comment : — " Gentlemen of the jury, the | Scriptures saith, Thou shalt not kill 1' Now, h if you hang my cliont, you transgress the com- i mand as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder : is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen ? or an humble individual like my client having killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in guilty ; the hangman may do his duty ; but that will not exonerate you. No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to day ? Who, freemen— who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie-knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentle men, beware of committing 1 Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative 1 Gentle men, I adjure you, by the mauumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking time-piece of Time's theoretical transmi gration, to do no murder 1 I adjure you, for the love you have for the esculent and condimental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder ! I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country — I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal game-cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murdor 1 And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you — if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain buffalo — and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut -throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted." 