I ©mi Scmpnmoc (ttohimu. | FOR LIFE. , PABT III. — TUB DOOMED LIFE. \B ot two years after tbc incident last record ed I wa« retuniing in the middle of a cold but not dark" winter night, from the house of a natieut who resided in the oucskirts of our town Mv way lay across some fields, and through a low suburb by the banks of the river. When I -;i — fn tho last field 1 thought f saw some one crouehed down by the stone wall thatfo-med M the boundary. Unheard, I drew near, and saw that it was a woman, watelnng apparently the lights of a low public-house, noted as the rendez vous of the worst characters. I seemed instinc- ' lively to know that 'it was some wife, watching for her husband ; and as I passed I said. - Go home, my good woman. This bitter night it is % enough to kill you to be watching about in this v.- b eak place.' ... A voice with despair in its tone quietly re plied, Nothing will kill me. or I should have , i,een dead long ago ' There was a sort of laugh —a hollow ghost of a laugh— that chilled me to the bone, as the words ceased. Suddenly a KjfP throng of people, somo of them women, came '$M out of the public-house, and the crouched form Clf! rose and. glided along, at the side of the wall. I H! passed the . rabble who were shouting out riha'd songs, wild, odious, joyless laughter of women's voices adding a sort of chorus to the strain. 1 saw a tall man among them, a large tawdry wo- || man was clinging to his arm. The light of the p| lamp was on his face — it was Warner. I glanced J?;| at his companion, and my mental comment was j? — ' If that poor girl you once called wife is dead, the virago on your, arm is better suited to you.' -jj I hastened on anxious to put as wide a distance between me and a creature I could not look on without loathing; hut for some streets I heard the shout of the revellers, rending with their fonl cries the quiet of the night Next, day -there were rumous of a murder, one e W.irst of murders, a murder called of old. and still iri our law books named " Trkason 1 ' A wife '.ha!d murdered her husband in their own home. This wretched, guilty creature had shed her husband's blood on the very hearth that ought to have been sacred to love and fidelity. Men looked calmly stern, women bitterly en raged as the tidings of this murder spread. I was no reader of newspaper horrors, but when such a crime came nearly to one's own door, I turned more eagerly to tho local journal laid on my breakfast-table the following day, and the first thing that . startled me, was the name — Warner. Fo- a moment I thought' of the woman I had seen hanging on Warner's avm, and a kind ofistem contempt filled my mind. ' A drunken brawl : no.wondeivhe ended so,' was my mental comment. But as I read, w hat was my surprise to find it was Ann, the 'Annie' I remembered —the gentle, loving wife and mother, whose sweetness of temper had been the drunken boast of her husband. How could it he-possible 1 The murder took place so near the time of the assizes, that the trial followed the inquest and the committal in quick succession There was no one to urge delay for the . procuring of evidence or the arranging of the defence. The evidence was clear, the accused was poor. I at tended the trial."' The court was very full — many, ladies there, most of them vehemently: against the prisoner. Oh, ladies 1 if you ob tained what some of you deem your right— per mission equally with man to practice law — few of you would prefer being tried by a female judge or a female jury. It is a wrong, say some, that woman is not tried by her peers— that trial by jury in its strict sense does not exist for her. If this be a wrong, methinks woman would j cherish this wrong more than most of her rights. „ The prisoner was poorly dressed. She had S evidently, though still young in years, lost all | care lor her appearance; dospaii had done its :| work. She looked once timidly and wonder- l irigly round the court, then collapsed into her- " self a still, white effigy of a woman. How much of the proceedings were understood J by her can never be known. Occasionally her ( fingers twitched at her old shawi, once she jr pressed her little bony hands hard on her eyes. I felt certain' those tearless eyes were so dry and ho, that she pressed down the lids to ease them ; but those around me said, 4 AVhat a hardened creature ! ' All the whispers I heard, and they were in female voices, 'soft in tho vowels,' were ' What stolid indifference ! ' ' There's no tears ; Bhe puts up her hands to her eyes to pre tend to wipe away the tears she does not shed.' 'Faugh! I cannot bear to look at her hands.' What a bad countenance!' 'Wasted to the bone with evil passion ! ' &c.; There was no hesitancy and no delay in the trial : all was clear. The husband had returned home late, intoxicated certainly; but this wretch ed woman, this base wife, had waylaid liim managed to enter the cottage they occupied a few minutes before him; lie followed and fell down across the fireplace,' and she had thrown a -a heavy smoothing-iron on his temple as he lay, and killed him instantly. J . There was a feeble attempt by the counsel for I the prisoner to make out that the fall might have cau-cd death. The surgeon's testimony v entirely disproved that. There was a wound in flicted with the strange weapon employed ; ' not | so deep as a well, nor so broad as a church door; | but enough.' j Except the man's fall, no sound had been 4 heard by the other lodgers iri the house, and the ; tragedy was discovered by a woman noticing a ; small stream of blood that had run under the ; door into the passage. She had entered and found the man dead and cold, and the murderess i crouched up in a corner of the room, looking ' calmly,' they said, at her fearful work. And so there was no doubt: the word ' Guilty' was: spoken with less sorrow than common; and in -he court there was a murmur— could it he of approval ? Yes ! human justice was satisfied — the traitress was condemned. , After the thrill of the -moment, I was not eithor angry orsurprised at that approving mur- mer. It was outraged fidelity that spoke. Mar- riage— honourable, tender, holy— had been violated bj the red hand of murder: the ties, dear -as life, strong as death, had been rent in twain, and society rose indignant to avenge the crime. Sentence was pronounced. There was the same stillness in the prisoner. 'I he gaoler touched her. She started like one awakened frem a di earn, and her frame being light and small, she stepped down quickly. With deep' dis:;ust a voice near me said — ' She actually seems to " trip " away ! ' I went home fevered with the scene I had lookedjiclow tho surface; I had known the daily death that miserable woman had endured— the many murders her intemperate husband had per petrated ; how lie had slain licr hopes, her health, her peace, her mother joy. her wifely comfort Yet that her hand should have dealt the awful retributive blow seemed veiy fright ful. I pondered, too, on human law, and mourned that it should be most insecure where for the safety of Bocicty it should be least so. All whom 1 conversed with believed the extreme penalty of the law would be inflicted All thought it just it should be I urged the conduct of the husband, aud was, I confess, startled at the reply ; ' Oh ! allow a man's bad conduct to he pleaded in extenuation, and you'll have plenty of murders.' Pondering tbc case, my mind went through a ghastly ehronicle. ' The glorious un certainty of the law ' does not cease with the verdict, it extends to the punisinent. I remem bered that a mail, a few years back, destroyed a woman on Battcrsea Bridge — a most . hideous murder : no douht. and no extenuation in the case, and yet that man was reprieved. A French woman deliberately bought a pistol and shot a mere youth, her paramour ; and her life was spared. An adulteress, discovered in her amours, put her four young children to death, and the plea of insanity was allowed. A mother deliber ately brings her child of ten years old to her home and cruelly murders it, making the name ot 'Celestinc' infernal for ever, and she was spared. A poor, ill-used woman, in one of our southern counties, waits up for a brutal husband, who returns, reeking from the arms of a para- m ur to insult his wife : in a paroxysm of frenzy she strikes him with a hatchet that lay at the fireside, no premeditation and the greatest pro vocation. In her terror she makes a bungling effort to conceal her guilt — and she perished on the scaffold ! And, more terrible still, timid or merciful jurors have allowed murderers — yes 1 many to escape, whom, had the penalty been less than death, they would surely have convicted. As I thought of these strange anomalies in our social system. I wished two things— that some lawyer with a sound brain a<id heart would make a list of crimes and punishments for one year, tabu late and compare the sentences, and send such a paper to the Social Science meeting. My other wish was. that human justice would, for the security of society, try whether a life of stern toil would not be a more deterring punishment than a death of excitement to those who by their crimes show tliey have no love of man or fear of God. But I found few to comprehend or sym pathise with me, and I looked with a sickening horror to the close of Annie Warner's ' doomed life! ft # O (To be continued.) 