THE JUNE MAILS] FROM ' ' ENGLAND. » The following aro ,the letters of our london correspondents :-, | ' LONDON, JUNE l8. THE LORDS V. COMMONS. ' , This week has been one o£ groat political excitement, It is many years since questions of such grave moment were debated amongst us ; and now-so say the prophets-the oyes of all the centuries are upon us. Wo are turning the first leaf of another, chapter,of history, and are every morning warned with due solemnity to take care what we writo therein. The crisis certainly is one of much interest, and it is not possibles to predict the precise issue. The House of Lords is arrayed against tho House of Commons, and the con- flict must exorcise an important influence on thef uture relations of these two constitutional powers. It is possible that a direct collision may yet bo averted, but it is i not probable ; and meanwhile the agitation increases. The fate of tho Irish Church, which is the occa- sion of this difference, has become quite a subordinate consideration by the side of the principles which are now involved. THE IRISH CHURCH BILL. The third reading of Mr. Gladstone's bill was not allowed to pass without challenge in the House of Commons ; but it was carried by a majority of 114. Tho debate was in no- wise remarkable. Mr. Holt, the member for North-East Lancashire, led the Opposition, and effectively repeated the usual platitudes about "pullingdowntheBritishConstitution,]' assuring honourable gentlemen on the other side that " thoTiistorian of the future would give them tho whole credit of having done their best to removo the main foundations of the noblest political structure the world had ever seen." Lord Elcho seconded tho moiton for the rejection of the bill, and in very dubious figuro reiterated the taunt as to Mr. Bright's influence on the Government. Mr. Glad- stone, ho said, commanded the quarter-deck with a most powerful and oloquent trumpot, but in these days of steam the real com- mander is in tho enginc-ioom, where Mr, Bright presides. Mr, Disraeli carno once moro to the charge, and predicted civil war in Ireland as the result of tho bill. Mi. Gladstone, undismayed, drew happier augu- ries. He contended that the compensations Mr. Disraeli proposed would have con- ferred upon tho Irish Church more than he took Irom her: and ho spoke with confidence of the advantages she would gain ' by liberation from the state. "Our trust," he said, "is that if she is for war, rid of alli- ances fatal to her moral power as a national religious establishment, she will pass through the ordeal she has to endure, and come out of it with a clearer consciousness of her mission', and with a greater singleness of purpose for the fulfilment of her work, when separated from political associations." No important mcosuie has during recent years been passed to the House of Lords by so large a majority. Additional emphasis. is given to tire bill by the fact that the Com- mons were but recently elected, and that the main issue raised at the elections re- lated to this very quostion, so that the vote of the House fairly represents a majority of the nation, and is on this subject the latest expiession of the national will. It seemed impossible that the Lords should refuse to accept a decision so pre- sented ; the people are the supreme and ulti- mate authority, and as the Crown would not dare in theso days to assert its individual opinion by a veto, so neither can the Peers resist the clearly-expressed determination of the nation as declared thiough its representa- tives. At the same time, it is within the functions of tho House of Lords to revise a decision, and io offer it again for reconsider- ation ; and it is bound, on an important ques- tion, to seo that the national judgment is matured and fully declared. The provisions of Mr. Gladstone's bill have excited intense dissatisfaction in certain quarters, and tho agitationagainst them is sufficient to justify a dread of hasty legislation. The occasion is fairly one in which the Upper Chamber is called to exercise a judicial discretion, and men with deep conscientious feeling may be excused if they hesitate to îatify a measure that to them seems revolutionaiy ; but it will be neither discreet nor constitutional to reject without reserve a policy distinctly ap- proved by the people. The course that would be taken by the leaders of the House was for some time un- certain ; butaf ter a preliminary meeting at the DukeofAbercorn's, there wosalargergathering of Tory peers at the Duke of Marlborough's, when finally it was resolved to "meet the bill on its principle." Lord Derby and LoTd Cairns declared for this bolder policyi and proposed to reject the bill on its second reading ; and of the 180 present all save nine were understood to pledge themselves to the same procedure. These nine included the Marquis of Salisbury-who has previously ex- pressed ideas which limit the power of the Upper House-the Earl of Carnarvon, theEarl of Limerick, Lord Sidmouth, and Loid Nelson. When, on the following Monday night, Mr. Gladstone entered the House of Commons, he was significantly greeted with cheer upon cheer, which told the temper with which the_ great Liberal majority awaited 'the action of the Conservativo peers. As the week wore on, and opinions oozed out, it bo came evident that the Lords could not sus- tain the majority by which they last year threw out the Suspensory Bill. But the moro uncertain the issue, the keener tho interest. TÏÏE DEBATE IN THE LORDS. It is not of ten that the House of Lords presents so brilliant a spectacle as during the last few nights. When on Monday oven ing, Juno 14, Earl Granville rose to pro- pose the second reading of the bill, the House was filled in every part. The steps of the throne were thronged with privileged strangers; the galleries w/ere gay with listening peeresses; every foot of available space was occupied. , I,t was not possible to add much force to ¡the' aiguments already ad vanccd in favour of the bill, but Earl Gran, ville acquitted himself with his usual skill. Ho urged that, great as was their lordships' L power, they could not, more than the House of Commons, more than the constitutional sovereigns of the.country. or even,,he would say, than despotic monarchs in other empírea -they could mot thwart the national will when deliberately, and constitutionally e*J Piesscd. The, Earl of Hanowby then stood «rward as the'elected champion, to propose! that the bill be read a second time that «ay three months. He announced as his latest discovery, that'its'provisions werd almost identical with the suggestions made; by MrÉ< Miall, a prominent member of tho Liberation Society, in'a speech in tho Housd «I Commons as far back as 1S5C ; and ho urew the inference that the present movo T?ení YM"but the Prelude of an attack on the lingiisli Church. His'main plea, howeverJ was that the democracy of the country wore awakening, and were looking to their lord-' ships to secure a longer time for the consider-! ation of the mensuro. He was followed by Lord Clarendon, who rominded the 'peels of lormcr false alarms, and 'argued that experi-' tnee would soon, expose the visionary oha-l Wr *oi, Prcsont fears. The Duke of Hni d lJ)ased his opposition to the ¡m," °n ¿hP . necessity. of íesisting Ro $T Cathohcisni by every means at the «»posai of tho state. Lord Stratford de Rod- óme counselled moderation, ana laying stress SLÍa rcS?lt o£ the elections, advised the SS read.in-8 of the bill withJa vidw to its, ?rmwn,ent. "ieommitlee;"pledging himself, «A îf?msore' ATpi,iyi,tBat AaGe greatly improved. The, Archbishop of Canterbury, to whose speech' MAT?' af»ohod,.tQok a similar view.I' 8 th0 MU stood, it eave^no adequate induco mente to tho Protestants to associate thora- i ,selves together to cany out i(a provisions; but with all its defects, ho was not sure that it could not he turned into a good measure Lord Carnarvon also urged that in the interest of the Church the bill should bo revised, with a view to the introduction of more generous terms. At tho same time ho ac- knowledged that tho principio of establish- ments was gradually crumbling away, and that it would be impossible to resist, either with dignity or success, tho deliberate and distinct opinion of tho country. Tho Bishop of _ Derry wound up the debate with much spirit and animation, contending that volun- taryism was unsuited to Ireland, and that the bill Was fraugbfc , with .danger and con- fusion to tho empire. , . Tho .second evening was opened by Lord Grey, Who, while he charged the Government with having sacrificed, national harmony to party interests, yet advocated tho second reading as tho safest course. The Archbishop * of Dublin, in a speech that disappointed his admirers and could be but indis- tinctly heard, argued that if tho Church was in a' falso position, the state -w;as responsible for- it,-and that the consequences ought not to be visited on an institution which the state had created, and which had only occupied tho placo provided for it, Tho Bishop of St. David's (tho scholarly Dr. Thirlwall) introduced a bolder vein of thought, in a speech which has been much praised, and will# still exort a further influence. Ho stig- matised as " heathenish the vain and super- stitious notion that Church property was m any sense divine, that material offerings might be accepted by the Most LTigh as sup- plying some want of the Divine nature. No material offerings were so acceptable to God as those which were most beneficial to man. Miss Burdett Coutts's market at S pi tal fields was as religious a work as Mr. Guinncss's restoration of Dublin Cathedral. He was as eager as any ono for Protestant ascendancy, but ascendancy of a religious, moral, and intellectual character, the ascon dancy of truth and reason over error. Of that ascendancy he did not believe this Church to be a pillar. He had no fear of, because no belief in, the power of the Popo. Everywhere he saw it on the declino, and a serious blow would be dealt at it in Ireland by removing a grievance which gave the priesthood an artificial hold on tho sentiment of the people," Ho confessed, however, bis sympathy with a '/levelling-up" policy if practicable. The new Bishop of Peterborough (Dr. Magee), long famed as an eloquent preacher, presently followed ; and while wor- thily sustaining tho dignity of the Episcopal bench, at once established his reputation as a brilliant speaker. The House listened with rapt attention, and were stirred to enthu- siastic applause, in which even " strangers'' joined. Thiee main arguments had boon urged for tho bill- those of justice, of policy, and of tho national verdict; and on each point he joined issue, with much sharp epi- gram and rhetorical skill. As to the argu- ment that the national veidiot had boen de- livered against tho Irish Church, heintimated some doubt how far it would be necessary to feel bound by that verdict, even if admitted to havo been delivered, considering by what arts and misrepresentations of the lush Church it had been extorted. But ho vehe- mently denied that tho national verdict had, in truth, been pronounced on this special measure, cruel and harsh and niggardly, if not worse, as it was in many particulars to which he referred, and utterly as it failed to redeem last year's pledges of justice and gene- rosity. The measure had been put forward as a magnanimous specimen of national re- pentance for English injustice to Ireland. Hut the remarkable thing was that tho bill placed tho sackcloth on the Irisli Church." Lord Derby led the van last night with un- compromising courage, calling on tho House to yield "neither to the cwium ardor prava jubentium, nor to the vultus instantis tyranm-tlie severest and most absolute minister that ever swayed tho destinies of tho nation." But he spoke with much less than his old force. Almost more importance attached to the deliverance of'tho Marquis of Salisbury, whose influence grows as Lord Derby's declines. "Ho recommended their lordships to agree to the second reading of tho bill ; because, when the wish of the nation had been clearly expressed, it was not their duty to stand in the way of its realisation ; and he recognised the fact that the consti- tuencies had declared plainly and unmistak- ably in favour of disestablishment. At the same time he maintained that the national judgment had not been pronounced upon the question of disendowment, and expressed pretty plainly his opposition to the provisions of the bill which relato to that subject," PUBLIC AGITATION. The friends of the Irish Church havo been pouring petitions into the House of Lords, and vehemently appealing to the peers and to the Crown to interfere and save them from the Commons. It is on this popular agita- tion that the Tory loaders tuko their stand ; and Lord Derby was careful to preface the debates of this week with a reference to it, He may be said, indeed, to have commenced hostilities by presenting 150 petitions-one of which, from Blackburn, boro, he said, 81,000 signatures, and others of which were adopted at open-air meetings attended by many thou- sands of people ; the attendance at a meeting in Manchester, on Saturday last, he estimated at 230,000 persons." Large meetings have, it ia true, been hold in many places throughout tho country-at Dublin, Belfast, Liverpool, Brad- ford, and a'number of important towns, as well as in London ; and they do represent, if not the temper of the country, yet a very angry and violent minority opposed to the Government Orangemen, and ultra-Pro- testants, and vehement state-churchmen, have assembled in groat force ; yet there has been a great deal of doubtful manipulation to secure the semblance of an imposing mul- titude. For example, the Manchester gather- ing is the largest yet reported, but it is said that excursion tickets were avowedly sown broadcast through the whole district-that 70,000 special railway tickots weie issued with the determination to have a greater assemblage of- people than was ever known. So > also at Belfast an excur- sion is advertised " to London or the Crystal Palace" (!) to take part in a demon stiation against the bill, and return tickets are offered at less than a singlo faie. Ittntist not be forgotten that/ as yet, the Liberal party, secure in their strength, have made no special appeal to tho country by means of public meeting ; but should it be required, they can organise counter demonstrations on a still larger scale. j Tho chief characteristic of the speeches de- livered on these occasions is their bitter vehe- mence of-language. The vulgar mind is astonished to find what a power of anathema is possessed by clerical orators. There is an exciting suggestiveness in the-pictures thoy draw. For instance, at a meeting " in Tannamoro-hill^ In Tyrone, tho Rev. Leslia .Carter told,a crowd of Orangemen that "if Barrett was executedifor blowing."up a prison, the time might not be far distant when, for attempting to blow up our vener- able Protestant Constitution, Gladstone and his co-conspirators might be hanging as -' high as Haman.'" Nearer home Sve are treated to like personalities. ' The comparison with Judas. Iscariot is now quite Btale.l Another > speaker has discovered i that the Fromior is " a scourgo of God." -'At Manchester, Lord _Ç.'_J. Hamilton spoko of " that grim, horrible countenance of his-that sinister expression which overshadows his ''countenance when-l ever he allude^ to, any, of the Protestant in- stitutions of this country ;" and tho Rev. Dr. -Massingham-concurring in .this reference to Mr. Gladstone's physiognomy, vsaid :-"If wo look at his face, wo cannot wonder at the description. If we could only clothe him in a Koman Catholic garb ho Would maka a very good Papist, arid theil he .would appear before us in his true colours.1!11 These are but specimens of tho miserable' rhetoric which is now daily "used against the present Govern-, nient and its measure. ¡ ' , ' ' MR. BRIGHT ON ' THE HOUSE OP , LORDS. . ¡ At a stormy meeting hela, in Birmingham the other day, a letter was read from. Mr. ? Bright,-who could not'attend, in "which ko refers to the Houso of Peers in a manner that has given great offence, and that at tho pre- isest crisis"bas /Teemed almost minatory., The following is the snbstaiico of this remarkable epistle,:-, ' ', , ' ' ' , ». "r. ' ? \\\ i . " Tho Lords aro not very wise, but there ist sometimes profit to tho people even'in their unwisdom, Ii they should delay the passing of the Irish Church Bill for three months, they will stimulate discussion on important questions which, hut for their infatuation, might have slumbered for many years. It is possible that a good many people may ask what is the special value of a Constitution which gives a majority of a hundred in one House for a given policy, and a majority of a hundred in another House against it. It may be asked, also, why the Crown, through its Ministers in the Houso of Commons, should, bo found in harmony with the nation, whilst the Lords are generally in direct opposition to it. Instead of doing a little childish tin- kering about life peerages, it would be well if the peers could bring themselves on a line with the opinions and necessities of our day. In harmony with the nation thoy may go on for a long time, but throwing themselves athwart its course, they may meet with acci- dents not pleasant for them to think of., But there, are not a few good and wiso mon among the peers, and we will hopo their counsels rriay prevail." I This letter certainly exceeds the usual lan- guage of a Cabinet Minister, and many of Mr. Bright's friends regrot that he. wrote it, but it is not to be expected that the Conservative Îiarty should retain a, monopoly of strong anguage. Lord Cairn's has attempted to elicit from the Government a repudiation of this letter, and in strong terms has condemned "the menace "it embodies. But last night Earl Granville replied in a somewhat jocular strain, admitting " the John Bnllism " of Mr. Bright, but in the name of that gentleman repudiating all intention of a threat, and ex- pressing regret if any undesigned word had given pain. He was proceeding to recall cer- tain strong phrases used in the Upper House when an appeal "to order" was made, and thb subject dropped with his assurance that Heir Majesty's Government repudiated utterly any notion of threat or menace to tho House of Lords, , The Life Peerages Bill, to which Mr. Bright referred as " childish tinkering," bos passed the Upper House ; but tho number of Peers is restricted to twenty- eight, and as amended, not more than two are to be created in any one year. THE FRENCH ELECTIONS. j While we are debating theßo constitutional issues, < our neighbours across the Channel have been engaged in a struggle of still livelier interest. The French Empire is upon its trial. It has reached a crisis when some change of policy seems inevitable-whon it must lead in constitutional liberty, or dare some new reactionary course. Notwithstand- ing the Emperor's own personal appeal at Chartres, the voice of tho elections is unmis- takably against him. The large towns have pronounced with ominous decision. There will be a large Imperialist majority in the new Chamber, but'its power will be broken by a formidable Opposition, such as the Go- vernment cannotsilence withoutencountering great risks. It is evident that' the Empire is waning in popularity, that its prestige is im- perilled, and that it will need all its sagacity and strength to control the political forces now set in motion. Tho final result of the elections, as now es- timated, is to give the Government 213 mem- bers, the more moderate Opposition forty-two, and the Radicals thirty-five ; but this repre- sents an Opposition increased at one bound from about twenty-five to nearly eighty. Nor is this the most significant fact. The appeal is to universal suflrago, and as the Journal des Débats points out, the Opposition has gained in six years, that is since the lost elections, more than a million of votes. The strength of the reaction against the Imperial system is, however, best judged by the character of the returns in the great towns. Paris, Lyons, Marseilles, Bordeaux, Nantes, have, by overwhelming majorities, returned deputies of the most advanced type. In the capital, for, example, M. Emile 01 1» ier, the most conspicuous representative of the tiers parti, who would reconcile the Em, pire with constitutional progress, has beon defeated by M. Bancel, a man exiled at tho time of the coup d' état, whose utterances since his return have been of tho most vior lent kind. So, also, the young advocate Gambetta, who suddenly roso to fame thiough his fearless speaking at the time of tho Baudin prosecution, obtained a majority of 12,000 votes over M. Carnot, the veteran democrat. The -official candidate^ have all fallen behind ; the liberal leaders, whose names have a European reputationj were for awhile thrown into the shado by more ardent partisans of the Red Republican school. The depth of political feeling was shown by the number of persons who used their privilege to vote, a proportion far larger than in our own constituencies. In the second circumscription, or electoral district of Paris, M. Thiers, on the first election, got no moro than 13,333 votes ; M. Devinck, the official candidate, obtained 10,104 ; and Count D'Alton-Slice, the extreme socialist, as many as 8,721. In the fifth dream srription, Raspail, a Republican, who has tested his principles in prison, obtained a majority even over Garnier Pages ; and in tho seventh, Jules Favre was closely pressed by Rochefort, whose biting satire iy his only claim, and who still ¡remains in Bel- gium to escape i the penalties incurred by his audacity in La Lanterne. In the eighth cirj cumsenption, M. Jules Simon obtained 30,305 votes, tbo official candidate receiving only 8,742. These figures will sufficiently indicate the force of the movement with which the Govornmonthas now to cope. The French law requires that there shall , be an absolute majority of the entire votes polled, in order tq securo the return of a candidate ; and in moio than fifty districts this has necessitated a second appeal to the constituencies. In Palis, these second elec- tions brought the moro moderate men agaiii to the fiont. MM. Thiers, Gamier-Pages, Jules Favre, *and Jules Ferry, aro all re- turned. M. Raspail has to retire ; and M, Rochefort is for the present excluded. This result is matter of congratulation ; it places the triedlcadersof jtheOpposition in theirright place ; it imposes a check, on the subversive, zeal of the Republican guerillas., M. Thiers is,a more formidable antagonist, a greater power-moro likely in useful alliance to wiri necessary liberties-than any one or all of the extreme men. ', There will yet be some modifications, for it must be noted that certain popular candil dates have been elected for nioio than one place. Thus M. Gambetta has been elected also at Marseilles ; M. Bancel at Lyons, wherel too, Mr Raspail, though, losing m Paris, is secure of a seat ; M. Jules Simon has obtained a second election in the .Gironde ; M. Emile Ollivier, though rejected in tho capital, will sit for the Var. But the strength of the oppoj sition is in the great towns. In the country the Government recovéis its ascendancy, ye^ it "is estimated that the number qf elector^ voting for it throughout Fiance is not iraore than double the number voting for the Oppoj sition : whereas at the establishment of the Empire, there werb '8,O00,'000 votes ia its fai vour, and'only 300,000 recorded against it.l The altered proportion indicates a 'great revival'of1 independent political feeling. 'In Borne of ' the ' piOvincial cities , the elections were accompaïned'by acts of violence, and the old Revolutionary cries at Amiens, Nantes] Lille, Toulouse, and elsewhere; but! order was soon restored, without serious conflict. As regards the rural districts,1 the ' special cor j respondent of 27«; Times asserts that the) heavy Imperial vote is quite as much due to ignorance as to preference for theEmpireJ "Thb1 peasant calls tho Government ticket) ' le bon ¿iiiífeít'n.^meaning thereby not that ho likes it, but that it is the one which is sure to ' keep lura out of 'trouble and 'difficulty ; and, he'is'so'convinced that if he'docs hot take back to the ballot-box the very same} ticket sent him by the mayor, he will bo committing an offence, that his, wifd often takes' it back for him in, the absencq of her i husband. This may be gross igno-j ranoei but is not worse than the system which has too long prevailod in certain sequestered, districts of England, where landloidism is, strong and poor^ Hodge but a submissive serf. , i MOTS IN PARIS. ' I was'in' Paris at the time of the second elections, and nothing could bo moro unliko a! . city on the verge of revolution. > ' Beyond the placards of rival candidates there were few! traces of political exciterr/ent. The sun shone brightly,, and, the streets werejthronged with' holiday-makers of alliclosscs. The churches . displayed 'their1 gorgeoas "ceremonial to crowds1 of ou-lookers.-'On the' steps, o£x the Madeloine, a temporary altar Lwas^ erected, and people I worshipped under the- ßhadow of its lofty I porticos. A stream of carriage s flowed unin- terruptedly along tho Champs Elystes, and bore a medley of all ranks to the racecourse beyond. Yet all through that Sunday a host of electors were defiling past the ballot-boxek When towards the close of the next day the results wore made known, crowds gathered at certain points, and there was much excite- ment; and later in the evening some stu- dents ' appeared on the Boulevards, with shouts of " Vive Rochefort !" " A bas Jules Favre!" and calling aloud for tho "Rappel, which is the successor of La Lanterne in politics and in boldness. 'What moro natural than this sort of hilarity, after such an elec- toral contest? | ' On Tuesday evening, ' I strolled down to tho Boulevard Mont" Martre, enjoying the delicious breeze which 'had begun to blow, ; and thousands more were in pursuit of the same refreshment, or quietly seated ni front of the cafés. There was no sign of agitation, when suddenly, after I had turned, a band rjf men in white blouses made their appearance on the Boulevard, shouting " Vive Rochefort !" " Vive Lanterne !" The sergens-de-villo werie soon on the spot, but order was not restored before the appearance of the mounted Garde de Paris. Meanwhile, another band of men advanced down the hill of Belleville, breaking lamps and windows, but were also soon dis- persed. _ ' i These disorders were resumed on the Wed- nesday evening. Again a band of some hundreds of persons in blouses, said to be mostly youths and boys, emerged into the main avenue with cries of " Vive Roche foil!" " Vive Raspaiir and others singing the Marseillaise." The agitation spread, and the confusion soon became intense The commissaries of police ordered the shops and éafés to be closed ; and the mounted guard had great difficulty in dispersing the crowds. An attempt was made to break into a gun shop in the Ruo YiviOnne, and other acts of violence were committed Newspaper kiosks were overturned, and at more than one place there was a show of creating a barricade with chairs and tables, and other such insubstan- tial materials. The following evening affairs assumed a'much moro serious aspect. > The rioters swept down the most fashionable boulevards beyond even the Madeleine, and did much damage on either stdo. Gangs of mon, armed with bars of iron, broko into the offices of tho General Cab Company, and smashed the windows of several horses. In tho very heart of Paris a crowd pouftíd through the Rue Richelieu, " destroying everything they could lay hands on." In one street an omnibus was upset to form a barricade. In the notorious Faubourg St. Antoine, moro than one red flag was hung out ; and at other 'points more distant from the centre, bars of iron and planks of wood were caught'up and applied as weapons of destruction. Tho gas was extinguished in i several places, and a scene of wild comino [ tion ensued. But there was no real fighting, and at length, after repeated charges of the municipal guard, the Boulevards were cleared. An uneasy feeling pervaded Puiis when the morning came. There was an uncertainty as to what might happen next-an expectation ' almost of coming disaster. In the afternoon, the Emperor and Empress, in open carriage and four, and without escort, drove boldly through the disaffected districts, and along tho whole line of the Boulevards. They were everywhere recognised, and their cool courage at once won admiration and restored confi- dence, Frequently their carriago was sur- rounded, and almost stopped, while the crowd shouted " Vive l'Empereur !" " Vive 1'Itnpe ratrice !" " We desire order and tranquillity !" with an enthusiasm that seemed to move the Emperor. Thus far it had boen left to the police and municipal guaid to restore order ; but by midnight on Friday the military occupation of Pans was complete. Troops from Versailles patrolled the Boulevard ; the artillery, from Vmcennes, took'possession of the Place du Trone ; and an additional regiment was stationed at the Tuileries Ciowds gathered, but were without difticulty dispersed, if at any timo serious fighting was designed, it was now made abundantly clear that, until the army itself becomes insurgent, no insurrec- tion can hope to succeed in the i new-built -open thoroughfares of Paris. Happily,-not ii gun was tired, and scarcely a sabre stained with blood ¡'but the sudden ebullition sent a thrill through Europe, for.no onoikuew how much combustible material might he within the range of a single spark. So great was the alarm, that it is said more than 42,000 strangeis hastily quitted the city during those fewdajs.i ARRESTS. Numeious arrests were made on the suc- cessive evenings, and many innocent porsons -mere passers-by or curious onlookers have suffered with tho guilty. Some amusing instances arc related of gentlemen seized in full dress as returning from the opera or from dinner. Baron Alphonse de Rothschild was kept in custody three hours before ho could satisfy his captors as to his identity ; a presi- dent of the Correctional Tribunal was also mistaken' for one of tho mob ; and Other persons in high position have had to pay an inconvenient penalty forthoir curiosity.'More than a thousand persons have been placed in the fort of Bicetre, of whom it is probable that a large proportion will be piomptly re- leased. Moro important arrests have been made at some of'tho newspaper offices, The Rappel and the Réveil have ceased to appear, no printer being found bold enough to carry them on. Numerous press prosecutions also have been instituted, both in Paris and the provinces. General Cluseret, an American citizen, has been expelled the territory. , The origin of these riots is still wiapt in obscurity. The Legitimists, who were no- where in the élections, were at first charged with fomenting thom, but without a shadow of reason. Then a wide-spread suspicion pointed to the Government and its police agents ; and I confess that, considering tho character of tho movement, I inclined myself at first to this view. The riot was concerted, yet ap- parently without plan, and utterly powerless. It ivas noticed that the¡ men who bogan ib were all dressed in new white blouses ; and it is said that those arrested nil agiee in stating that somebody carno to them and asked, " Will you have a broom ?" and on their say- ing "Yes," gave them 2f. 10c, whereupon they went" to work. One man in a white blouse was attacked by the police, and so inj jured that he was J taken to an apothecary's, where it is affirmed he declared that he had repeatedly called out, "Je suis Baptiste," which is supposed to have boen the watch- word of the agitators, and in one of his i pockets a police card was found, iltis remem- bered, also, howsomemonthsagothoexremest utterances!of certain socialists were allowed free circulation j and as the dread of social- ism is ono . chief conservative eloment in Paris, so now it is argued the Government; m ay i havo designed to excite a wholosome fear in the bourgeoisie, and to induco a reac- tion against the Red Republicans which shall make i its policy) of repression easier. , Few things could) havo happened more likely'to strengthen the.Emporors hands at tho pre: sent crisis. On the other side, the authorities profess to have evidence of u democratic conspiracy; and on reflection, it seorasunore probable that those disturbances should bo the work of a few roshuyouths tori desperate men than that the Government'should oouj descend i to'.risk so much) byiso baso a plOt. , '. , I ! , 1 I ' , THE EMPEROR'S POLICY. i There aro many speculations as to how the Emperor will meet the altered situation. Sonio think he will presently atierapt another coup d'état, take back the liberties, ho has granted, and rulo with a more absolute hand Others, and the majority, hope that ho wil| accept the new conditions which tho elections impose, abate his pretensions to apersona' government," and allow the. constitutional principle of ministerial responsibility. .To this moro liberal courso, it is said, he is urged by Prince Napolepn, who in that case would probably become President of . the Council. But there are many who fear, that' tho Em peior will j seek to diyert attention Irom nome politics, and to recover, the prestige of , his dynasty by plunging into i a war with Germany. Tho new Chamber is already convoked for the 28th inst"-and it,will pro- ' bably not bo long before somb, distinct declaration puts an end,to, all surmises, j r Tho; Duka do Persiçny^hfts., addressed a letter to,M. Emile Olliyior/, in whick ho main- tains that the Empire, and freedom, aro, not incompatible, and, wbilq,admitting that, tbd Government has appeared .weak and irreso- luto, advises tho Emperor to porsovoro'witti liberal measures, but to coll to his councils a new set of mon-young, strong, mtelli fent, and, above all, courageous and earnest, le urges that tho present state of moral dis- order has been produced not by things but by men. hot by tile concession of liberties so much as tho attitude of tho authorities who have allowed the Sovereign, religion, family, and property to be outraged. Ho hints riot obscufely that ho would; curb tub licence of the bar:-"It was not tho law on the right of meeting which improvised the popularity of Gambetta, but that incon- ceivable weakness which permitted a young lawyer to bravo the whole empire under the very eyes of justice." This letter was pub- lished in the Constitutionnel, and it is said that the Duke has since telegraphed to thp Emperor his regret that it Was made, public. Tod only intimation which has yet escaped the Empeior himself implies that ho will not yield to'popular intimidation. The Peuple publishes, a letter addressed to a member of the Corps Législatif, in which 'ho says that " the concession Of a principle, or the sacrifice of individuals, is always ineffectual in the face of popular movements, and that a Go- vernment which respects itself ought to yield neither to pressure, to excitement, nor to revolt." . i COLLISION AT ST. ETIENNE. Thej-e has been a collision with the military at St. Etienne, where a number of miners have strnck work.' The troops had arrested some men( who were intimidating others, when they were assailed by a mob, who at- tempted a rescue.' They were compelled to fire, and from six to ten of tho rioters were killed. THE SPANISH CONSTITUTION. Spain is to remain a kingdom. The Cortes, by a majority of 214 to 71, have so decreed ; and the new Constitution, fresh from their hands and finally approved in its various clauses, has been proclaimed with all due pomp and solemnity. But the form of govern- ment determined,1 the more difficult question 8till"remains as to how to carry it on. Bight months have passed since the leaders of the revolution expressed their desire to establish another monarchy, but as yet they have found no king. Admiral Topete, in the final debato on this question, made a remarkable speech, in which he called upon1 the Republicans to beware lest by rendering any legal solution impossible, there may arise some iniolenC< bold man¡ Whose ami 'bition ' may cut the' knot which they are evidently unable to solve." The emergency has, for the present, been met by the appoint- ment of Marshal Serrano as regent. He has this week taken the oath of office, and under his direction the revolution now enters on another stage. THE ALABAMA QUESTION. The Alabama controversy has again sub- sided into quietness. Mr. Sumner's speech did real service, by bringing into strong relief tho unanimity of English feeling and our determination to resist all extravagant de- mands. A speech of Mr. Forster's, at Brad- ford, gave clear expression to the most moderate views, and must have shown the Americans how thoroughly opposed were even their warmest friends to- the pretensions raised in the Senate. They now assume sur- prise that we should have taken them at their word, and attempt to make merry over our consternation. Mr. Motley has meanwhile arrived, and been received with due courtesy at Liverpool. His reply to the address presented him was all that could be desired in tone and spirit, friendly without effusion'; but as yet nothing formal has transpired respecting his instruc- tions. The Philadelphia correspondont'of The Times telegraphs this week that the American Government sanction the publication of the following version :-" He will explain to the British Government the circumstances attending the rejection of the Alabama Treaty, without committing America to any particular policy. Mr. Motley is not instructed to propose any settlement of claims, but to secure the tcmpoiary postponement of the question, hoping, when the present excite- ment subsides, that England will invito re- newed negotiations. He is not authorised to announce the readiness of the United States to make any propositions, or to demand the paymont of claim's, but to assure the British Government of the sincere desire of the United States to have the dispute adjusted ou terms honourable and satisfactory to 'both nations. He is also instructed to state that the neutrality proclamation is not in itself a cause for demanding compensation, or a separate ground of complaint, but that, taken With subsequent acts, it was unfriendly, as showing a feeling of hostility to America during the late war, and lesulting in losses requiring reparation." SOCIAL MOVEMENTS. I have but little space left forj domestic in- cidents. At Mold, in Flintshire, there ha? been a serious riot, resulting from a colliery disputo, in which four persons were killed! The month has also been' signalised by a great disaster, an ' explosion at the Ferndale Colliery, by which nearly sixty people lost their lives ; at Bingley, in Yorkshire, too! fifteen persons have been killed by the ex- plosion of a boiler in a manufactory. The Derby Day was this year kept as usual; and the concourse of Londoners on the ground was larger than ever. It was splendid weather, but there was nothing exceptional in the race which I, need to repoit, I regref to add that.the Duke of Newcastlo has fallen a victim to turf speculations, and that his! noble mansion isj in the hands of bailiffs. The Earl of Derby has come out as a reformer of the racecourse, and speaks in the strongest terms of the abominations which are now practised upon it, RECENT DEATHS. \ Lord Stanley of Alderly is among the dead of this month. ' Although not a man of the first poweri" ho had filled with honour various secondary offices of state, and was held in the highest respect by all parties. J The United Service Club experienced a ?painful shock the other afternoon, when Admiral Sir Geo) ce Lambert, G.C.B., was ,seized with a fit of apoplexy, and died, in a few minutes.' , , , Lord Broughton, better known as Sir John Cam Hobhouse, the friend and companion of 'Byron, has also a place in our obituary. I In Nottlngliam, intense oxcitoment was causeel by, the death of Sir It. J. Clifton! M.P. His body lay, in' state, and was visited by great numbdrs, while as many,as 30,000 people .attended the funeral. MV. Seeley, a Liberal, has tinco been elected to succeed ¡fun in Parliament. The' seat was contested by Mr. Digby Seymour, and thei ",Npttingharrj lambs" showed themselves in their proverbial character. , II1 From Bellin ,tho death is reported of Dr] E, W. N. Hengstenberg, the twell- known professor of Í divinity, and author of many important theological works,, , , From New York we hear, of thp death of Mr. Fiederick .Seymour, the Governor of 'British Columbia, who died onboard)a gun- boat whije inspecting the coast. - ' AUSTRALASIAN'TOPICS. NEW ZEALAND AND THE IMPERIAL t; GOVERNMENT. , I , Tho rcíátionsuetwecn the home authorities and this unfortunate colony show no signs of improvement. All its prayers for help aro rejected with an ' official callousness which shocks us herjé,, heavy disçquragemént to tiioiburdoned and baffled, colonists. ¡The principle of non-inter- vention is to be carried, out with ¡the' most rigorous consistency. 'Self-'government is to be accompanied .with its corollary, self-help. The pains,,of independence must be shared as well as its pleasures-its penalties alike with its privileges. Such appears to bo 'the' irrevocable, 'resolve, of' our present! ¡ Government,, Whether a Conservative, Ad- 'ministraiion, would ',have been ¡ equally, im pervious to the appeals of colonial -distress is doubtful ; but the Liberals are an power,' and they have now a fine opportunity for carrying out their favourite doctrine, with the general concurrence of Parliament and the nation. People feel that it is very hard for New Zealand ; but then a time of difficulty, disaster, embarrassment, is, they think, just the time in which to exemplify tho soundness and efficacy of this policy of leaving the colony to shift for itself. It is to be trained in habits of self-reliance, union, and self support ; and it is in emergencies like tho present that those civic virtues are to be de- veloped and confirmed. Despairing of mili tary aid in any shape. tho colonists pro- fessed themselves willing to undertake their own defence and tho subjugation of tho Maori rebels, provided the Imperial Government would afford their guarantee to a loan of a million and a half, and thus enable them to raise the money on the least onerous terms. A definito request to this effect was made by Mr. Fitzherbert, in February last. Lord Granville, before answering this appli- cation, thought it would bo only respectful to tho colonial Government to refer it to the Treasury. In reply, he was informed that the Lords of the Treasury were not prepared to endorse the colonial bills. Earl Granville then addressed a despatch to the Governor of Now Zealand,'in.which bo expressed his con- currence in the decision of the Treasury, and briefly discussed some statements which had been submitted to him by Mr. Eitzherbert in support of tho colonial appeal. This despatch, together with the letter on which it com- ments, has lately been presented to the House of Commons, and has called forth Borne correspondence in the newspapers. i As was almost sure to bo tho case, thoro was the utmost divergence between tho re- présentations of Mr. Fitzherbert, as the ground of the colonial ¡claim, and tho viows of Lord Granville, as the organ of a do-no- thing Government. The implied argument of the colonial envoy is thus summarised by Lord Granville. It is represented that "some years ago the French and English were com- peting for the possession of Now Zealand j that, in order to exclude tho French from these islands, tho English Government ac- quired the islands subject to certain onerous obligations towards the natives; that the islands being in consequence occupied with English emigrants wore, by tho Imperial Go- vernment, plunged into a war with tho na- tives ; that during that wan the Imperial Government forced on tho colony the adop- tion of all Imperial obligations towards tho native race; that the obligations so im- posed are greater than can be discharged without Imperial assistance, and that this assistance imay be most conveniently given in the form of a Joan." Lord Granville objects to this theory of the original settlement of New Zealand, and proceeds to give the Colonial Office view, which has elicited a letter from Mr. William Hutt, the last survivor of tho small band of public men primarily responsible for the incorporation uf New Zealand into the dominions of thè British Crown. He protests against Lord Granville's statement, that "a number of Englishmen, without invitation or encou- ragement from tho British Government, took on themselves to' form one or more settle- ments in New Zealand," and details the real facts of tho case. After reviewing the Im- perial dealings with the colony, Lord Gran- ville says:-"It follows that tho Imperial Government have not transferred to that of the colony any obligation whatever, except that imposed on all of us by natural justice not to appropriate the property of others ; that all the Imperial expenditure on the colony has been for tho benefit of the colonists, and a great part of it may be viewed as the price paid by this country for the territories which have been 'recently, and,as I think unwisely, appro- priated by them ; and, lastly, that no part of the colonial expenditure has been in any degree for the benefit of the mothor country. So far, -therefore, as there is any equitablo claim remaining unsettled, it is not a claim on the part of New Zealand against Great Britain, i but the reverse-a claim, and a very heavy claim, if we thought proper to urge it, ort the part of the mother country against the colony." This conclusion to tho controversy seems very ungracious, and will certainly bo bitterly unpalatable to the suffering settlers. The Spectator thinks that this despatch is ' ' ti remarkably strong one on the wrong side, and will cause very keen regret and give very deep andi needless offence in the colony." And "as to the question ot reciprocal claims," adds the -writer, "New Zealand has never been so silly as to urge a legal claim for money on Great Britain. But she has said, i and .very justly as wu think, that wars which, i though in great measure paid for by Great Britain, were always mis- managed, and always mismanaged without paying much attention to colonial advice, on the ground of the duty of the Butish Go- vernment to ' tho Maori, do give some claim on the mother country when she suddenly withdraws and leaves the colonists to their fate." But while sympathising with our countrymen in their difficulties, The Times thinks "we are bound to reject unreasonable and unjust claims. Mr. Fitzheibert did not approach the Government in the most be- coming spirit, and it is well that Lord Gran- ville has ürmly, though tempoiately, rebuked such assumptions. We do not even now, as Mr. Richmond seemed to think tho other day, repudiate all responsibility for tho colo- nists, but tho time has come when, as they have admitted in cooler moments, they are able to help themselves, and they ought to do so." The above allusion is to a long letter of Mr. Richmond, the Native Ministor in New Zea- land, which appeared in The Times of tho 2lith ult., who enters into an elaborate vin* dication of colonial policy, refutes misstate ments, explains difficulties, and expounds what it is that New Zealand really wants. Three days later, another lottor from Major Atkinson, formerly the Defence Minister of the colony, appeared in the Spectator, plead- ing for an Imperial guarantee to a loan, or an annual subsidyi ior four years to come of £150,000. Moro recently still a supple- mentary letter from The Times Wellington correspondent, by the lluahino, gives us tho speech of Dr. Foatheistono bofore the Pro- vincial Council, which shows that while tho home Government has peremptorily declined all aid, military or pecuniaiy, tho public mon of the colony ato still disposed to look almost abjectly to the mothor country for succour and support. Rude will be tho awakening. Whether these reiterated ap- poals which havo appeared sinco Lord Gran villo's despatch was written will exercise any modifying influence upon the determination of lthe Gladstone Ministry remains to bo seen ; but I fear they aie incorrigible. Tho colony will do well to accept tho decision a? final, and fulfil their destiny. Freedom of action has its advantages. By unity of pur-, poso and effort, by the merging of intor-pro-¡ viudal interests, ' by a heroic rising to tho height of the emergency, lot tho colony once for all make an ond of its Maori difficulty. "It is time," says tho Australian and New Zealand Gazette, " that tho settlers discarded all the theories of the Aborigine's' Protection Society, and were up and doing. They owe this duty to themselves ; and it would bo far! moro humane, and cost far less bloodshed, to read the natives a stern lesson than to allow tho present desultory i hostilities to drag along, entailing in the long run far more loss of life and waste of property." Let them accept the challenge Of tho Colonial Office in a spirit of self-reliance, and set about the task of exterminating the Hau-haus. Let the watchword of tho new policy be, "Live among us' in peace and quietness, or perish from tho face of tho land." That is tho only' logical meaning of Lord Granville's. despatch. , NEW. ZEALAND MEDAL. - j The Queonhos been ploascd to'extend ta tho OfflcerU andjroeri in the navy and marines employed in'oporatipns in New Zealand'fruin' 1845 to I847. ,and from Í860 to, 1800,. tho stimo mcdaTwhich is,awarded- for isorvico in,tho array, It will be granted ¡to, thoso, survivors who formed part ,of the naval brigade onj shore, and took actual part in tho operations against tkoenemy.,' , c , ,¡ , , , . m .COLONIAL'TAtïlFFS., ,' ' At the monthly meeting of the directora of tho Manchester Chamber'of Commproo, held on the 20th ult, a mémorial to bo'prw BOnted to Earl Granville, principal ;Sec'rqlaW of State for tho Colonies, was adopted. .In -it the ' unsatisfactory ' character of tho present polioy of most of ,the colonies with' roforonco to tariffs, is pointed but, and a hope: is ex- pressed' that itho' connexion, rJotwaom.Great i Britain 1 and tho'colonies may boi rplaoodj lorui a'lfooting iirelatively-ncouslstont-^witlJ their I mutual 1 interests. 1 ,Thc>reply, ! dated' Juno 1st, states that, " in the prin cipal British colonies, and not least, in Cunada, it rests with the colonial Govern- ments to determine^ on what principles tho levenuo is to be raised. Her Majesty's Go- vernment aro fully alive to the advantage which would accrue to the commerce.of this country by a reduction of customs duties, and ,iho colonial Governments cannot be unawaro of the views entertained by the Government and the neoplo of this country on this, sub- ject ; and, as indicating these, viows, copies of the present correspondence with the Man- chester Chambor of Commerce will be sent.to the Government of Canada, the, colony to which tho memorialists muko special refe- rence. With reference to the last sontonce of your memorial, I am to state that his lordship entirely concurs in tho principle that troops for colonial, apart from Imperial, pur- poses should not be paid for by the British , taxpayer. I am to add.that this principle is, in fact, in course of application to tho colo- nies, some of which delray the whole expense . of the. troops assigned to them, and others a considerable part of that expense." NORTH AUSTRALIAN EXPEDITION. , On the 24th ult., a telegram was received from tho Government of South Australia, announcing that the northern surveying party had arrived at Port Darwin, and in a few graphic touches, hit off a picture of prospective plenty and prosperity. This was extremely gratifying to those who havo a heavy money stake in this new Canaan, and who havo been so long kept out of its possession. Their transient joy was, how e\er, damped by a correspondent in T/ie Times, who wrote to say that tho port in qutstion was condemned as a place or settle- ment in thorepoit of Mr. F. Howard, R.N., dated May 1st, 1865, and also by Colonel Finnis, the first Government,resident in the territoiy. He adds:-"Tho settlement now proposed to be planted at Port Darwin com- prîtes the very country which tho Govern- ment of South Australia withdrew from and abandoned." Further details will bo anxiously awaited. ' 'SALMON. Mr. J. A. Youl, whose zeal in the work of acclimatisation is so well known in, both hemispheres, has, it appears, rather an un- pleasant time of it. As Noah, while engaged in ark-building, was mercilessly quizzed by the ' unbelievers of his generation as to when tho threatened dolugo was coming,iso Mr. >Youl is constantly worried, ho tells us,' with such pertinent or impertinent questions as, " Have they caught a salmon yet out in Tasmania'?" " AVhy don't you catch a fish and show tho success of your experiment ?" whilo a waggish Fiench sawtnirecoutly wrote warm congratu- lations on the assumed fact of salmon having been caught, bo Mr. Youl pours out his heart in the columns of The Times, states tho grounds of his unabated confidence and faith in the ultimate success of his beneficent enter- prise, and relates several facts ' to prove that his piscatorial labours havo 'not been wasted. Is there no one in Tasmania who, by fishing tho river Dérivent, could supply Mr. Youl with a 301b. or 401b. answer to the cavils of these provoking scoffers? THE LYRE BIRD. ' Abouc three weeks ago a curious action was brought in the Bail Court to try tho right ,of two parties toa " lyre bird," which had been i brought from Sydney, and sold to the Zoolo- gical Society for £100. According to tho plaintiff's caso (the Hon. J. G. Ellis), ho had been some timo in Australia. Ho went to Sydney, and called upon a person named Palmer, in Hunter-street, in that city. Pal- mer was a naturalist, and ho had a malo lyre bird, which was a very scarce bird, and therefore very valuable. It had been tamed, and Mr. Ellis agreed to purchase this bird, and gave £25 for it. He directed Palmer to .endeavour to obtain a femalo lyre bird, and to send them over together to him in England by a vessel called La Hogue. He intended to present them to the Zoolo- gical Socioly. The defendant (Ross) was the steward of that vessel. Upon the ship aniving, tho plaintiff received a letter from the defendant, stating that ho was sorry to inform Iiim that Palmer had obtained an- other of those birds, and thinking it was a female he had pat it in the cage with the other bird, but that during his absonco the buds had fought and killed euch other, and he liad brouglit Jiiin over tho skins and tails of the birds. .The defendant took a similar . bird to the Zoological Gardens, and sold it to the society for £100. Tho plaintiff, hearing this, ,\\\ cnt to tim gardens and saw and ex- amined the bird, and he was convinced that it was tho biid he had purchased of Pal- mer. It took notico when he called 'it "Cockey," which was the namo by which it went when tamed, and in Palmer's posses- sion. Mr. Hawkins convulsed tho Court with laughter in opening the plaintiff's case. Tho bird when at the gardens hud quite rccovored itself after its voyage. It hopped about and fed, and appeared proud and happy. Its tail had grown, and it was admired by all who saw it, whethor they paid Is., or Od. on a Whit Monday, as well as by tho Fellows who bad the opportunity of visiting it at their lcisuio on Sundays. At last, however, this action was commenced, and that had a visible effect on tho bird. It seemed to say, "lam now pulled about by lawyers and by inquisi- tive persons. They have put me in exhibits in affidavits. I am put in interrogatories ; and this is not confined or limited to week da) s ; but Mr. Denman, who is a Fellow, comos on ¡Sundays, and examines and cioss-examines ino to my great annoyanco. I can stand it no longer. Iwill give up tho ghost, and go and join the other birds in ParadiBo, who are my relatives." And the bird actually died. Tho question was whether this bird had belonged to the plaintiff or the defendant. Tho plain- tiff swoio that ho purchased a biid of Palmer, and,he behoved it to be the one ho had seen 'in .the Zoological Gardens. The defendant swore that ho had bought this very biid of Palmer/ giving bim £20 for it, aud it was sont on board his ship five or six weoks after tho purchase. Ho called him "Jooy." He brought bim home, and sold' him to the Zoological Society forj £100. Palmor wanted to re- purchase the bird after it was on board. Ho had sold a similar bird to tho society the pro ivious year for £125, which is still living. > Tho jury roturned a verdict for tho plaintiff. ABORIGINES, PROTECTION SOCIETY. At i the annual meeting of the Aborigines Protection Socioty, prominent attention1 was called to tho Queensland traffic in PaciQc Islanders,.and a determination Nyas'cxpressbd to agitato the authorities until this new-born evil is suppressed.1 > ' ' > ' ' ' ' MAIL ROUTES ,TO THE EAST. A report,by Captain Tyler to the Post-office, on the facilities afforded by thoiBrennor Pass and thOiBrindisiiirOute, has lately, been pub- lished. Ho is.in'favour of an oxpress being (Oiganisodion'ithcj Brennor'lino. The time , occupibd,in, travelling, .by i it from London! to . Alexandria would bo' 160 hdurs ; by Mount 'Ceöis,?150J hours, Or 147-i wheiiithe tunnel is I finished. > There would'be'a'saving of thirty , hours- over tho i Marseilles route. Captain Tyler says,, howevor, that these routesf will only be provisional) pending i tho'advance of railway communication through tho south- east of Europe and >thc west of Asia. >'.' Tho hopo of i the Indian traveller ' of, tho next {generation,", ho adds, " chimerical as it may appear to many at present, must be nothing less thail'to pass dryshod from» London to Bombay- through a submarino tunnel from .¡Dover to Calais-throughi Europe by railway -over tho Bosphorus by a bridge, and for I ward .byi railway down tho Euphrates Valloy, ,and round tho Persian Gulf to Bombay." ' iWith regard to the mails, Captain' Tylor only recommends at present that a supplb imentary maihshould be sont, by Brindisi, to be! made up in London on Saturday evening, auch overtake the usual mail at Alexandria, This wilünot only gi vu a day longer for urgent correspondence,4 but ' will bo i specially 'eon venient'forJtho ,posting of . tho. ? nurnorous weekly tiewspapora publishcdiiri'London dn Saturday Imorning; Captain IiTylor likowiso niakes some remarks'on the1'probably [in- creased importance of Brindisi when the Suez i Canal »is oponed. ,Wlien thora is no tranship i mont in Egypt,- but ships may pass/from the I Mediterranean to .'Bom bay,'those ports, .will dli-axly have an advantago which aro nearest . to Egypt. They Will have a shorter voyage, and will need less coal for the trip. But at present all this is problematical. Tho capa hilities of the grand canal have yet to bo -tested. EMIGRATION. v The emigration question is losing none of its interest. The cry is, " Still they go ;" and the favourable accounts which we aro re- ceiving from the large companies of working-., men who left these shores in April and May, are likely to stimulate, instead of retarding, the moyement. The official reports received by Government, the accounts of thoir re- ception and disposal, published in the Cana 1 dian papers, and the private letters seut to ' their relatives and friends by tho immigrants, all concur to show that they are heartily welcomed in the new land,1 and that imme 1 -diäte employment is found for them, thoré. . 'The Toronto Globe speaks very highly of the 1 dockyard artisans. Their exceeding buoyancy .of spirits is contrasted with the bearing, of ?? imost of the emigrants who _ cross tho \- 'Atlantic as steerage passengers ia ordinary 'Steamers.' On board the Serapisthey seom to have boen treated with n considerate kind- ness that touched their hearts and won thoir ' gratitude. Nine hundred of these emigrants arrived at Toronto on the lOfcli ult, and by the next day most of them had been de- spatched to various parts of the province. 'The only griovance we hear of is the infamous way in which they were swindled at the re- freshment rooms on their way up from Quebec. I am sorry to see it announced that tho Ad- miralty have decided not to afford any further facilities for this description of omigration. On the 2nd inst. tho Midland Railway station presented a spectacle similar to that described last month-a party numbering 034 leaving for Liverpool, cn route to Canada. The adults were chiefly skilled artisans from the east of London, and were partly sent out under the auspices of the East end Family Emigration Fund. The secretary of the British and Colonial Emigration Society reports that through its agency 1,043 persons have beon assisted to leave this country for tho colonies, and that the carrying out of this work has exhausted the funds at the society's disposal. Many pressing applications aro now before the com- mittee, and an appeal is made for subscrip- tions to continuo the operations which have been so well commenced. On tho 3rd inst., several deputations from different parts of the country, and from several districts of the metropolis, headed by the Duke of Manchester, waited successively upon the Colonial and Homo Secretaries, at their respectivo offices, to urgo the claims of the working classes to Government assistance in aid of omigration on a large scale. Memo- rials embodying their views wore presented, and a promiso was given by Earl Granville that the subject should be brought before his colleagues in the Cabinet. It is scarcely probable, however, that Go- vernment will adopt any steps to accelerate -, the exodus which is now taking place from i these islands. During, tho past six or eight weeks the emigration from the Mersey has been enormous. Nothing com- parable with it has ever bofore been known, in one single week nearly 8,000 sailed from i Liverpool, Many of these, certainly, wero Germans, Hollanders, and Scandinavians, but after deduoting the foreign element, tho result is still startling-nay, almost alarming. It is doubtful whether this emigration touches the classes who are supposed to need relief most urgently Probably most of the per- sons who crowded the ton steamers which left the Mersey the week before lost were from the great towns and cities of England and -Germany. Their emigration is the result of the late commercial panio and of tho re- cent strikes. An impression prevails in Liver- pool that several active American agents aro at work inithis country, and especially in Lancashire. A large number of factory hands go out in almost every steamer. Many mer- chants and manufacturers aro alarmed at tho signs of the times, and wonder what tho end will be. The Emigration Commissioners have ceased to act on bohalf of the colony of Victoria in i all matters connected with emigration. This duty will in future devolve upon Mr. Verdon, But, meanwhile, in this outrush of our popu- lation, Australia and Now Zealand are ' scarcely heard of. What is Victoria about ? The letter of tho Melbourno correspondent of The Times, published on Wednesday, will do much to attract the attention of intonding emigrants to your fine colony, with, its in- tensely English associations. THE CERBERUS. Tho novel specimen of naval architecture ? bearing the abovo name, and intended for the defence of Melbourne, arrived at Chatham about ten days ago, to recoivo har final fit- tings previous to sailing for Australia. This useful monster of the deep was designed by ' Mr. Rood, and built at Messrs. Palmer's yard, 1 at Jarrow-on-Tyne. Though of comparatively small sizo (2,100 tons), sho has two turrets, each constructed to carry two eighteen-ton guns, and in defensive power is equal to any vessel now afloat. In many respects, such ?as low freeboard, absenco of bulwarks, over- hanging stern, &c; , sho very much resem- bles tho Miantinomah, but the great point of difference is that all the principal apertures in the ship are protected to a height of ten or twelve feet above tho water-lino by means of an armour-plated breastwork situated amidships, and enclosing a space equal to about ono-half the length and one-half the breadth of tho ship. Great precautions aro taken to prevont the swamp- ing of the vessel. She is to bo fitted with a temporary deck and jury-rig, in order that i she may be navigated to Melbourne Uko an ordinary ship. An interesting description of i the vessel appeared in tho Daily News of . Juno 12. I MISCELLANEOUS. The Lansdowne, from Melbourne, has brought 2,000 cases Australian beef and mut- ton, of about seventy tons weight This is 1 the tenth shipment which has arrived sinco . the beginning of March, and tho consignóos, Messrs. M'Call and Co., state that the do ' mund for these provisions is so groat from the <\- manufacturing districts as to engage each -shipment long before its arrival. The Rov. W. G. Cowie, rector of Stafford, i has been appointed Bishop of Auckland, Now Zealand, in succession to tho Right Rev. Dr. Selwyn, now bishop of Lichfield, Tho now bishop will most probably bo consecrated in Westminster Abbey on St, Peter's Day, the 29tb, with the Vonerablo Dr. Chambers, "archdeacon of Sarawak, who has beon ap ' pointed bishop of Labuan. i Tho misunderstanding which led to tho consecration of the Rev. H. L. Jenner, ono of 1 the very High Church party, as bishop of i Dunedin, New Zealandl has been followed by unpleasant consequences. He writes; " The truth is, I am nearly wearied out with this business. The isolation, the humiliation of my position, which culminated last Sun- day in my having to sit under a lay reader, have woll- nigh broken mo down. I feel in- clined to let matters take 'thoir chance, givo myself no further trouble, and ask my Monds to leave mo to my fate." ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM " ' MEROIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FHOM OUR OWN oonitESPONDBirr.) i LONDON, JUNE l8, i ' The condition of our money market has .iindergono a very marked improvement slnco . the corresponding date of May. Four weeks ago wo wero dreading a further rise of tho < Bank's minimum to fi per cent. ; and it was ' not till it was known that tho court mooting of the 20th ult. had broken up without . making an advanco that tho commercial > world breathod freely again. That day was the i turning point in our monetary affairs. Tho i publication of the Bank's weekly return \- showed that tho process of recovery had com- menced, and each succeeding week has con 1 tributcd to the strength and amplitude of the .resources of tbatr*establishmont. The higher rate of interest which ruled attracted largo .amounts pimoney from the Continont; loans and aavjDgces to a formidable aggregate matured, aaaVound thoir way to Thread needle-streot ; ¡Rid as thoro has for somo timo past been i an absence of foreign demand for gold or silver, thoso supplies rapidly accumulated, tfind romoved all ground for anxiety. So effectually had the discount ' screw dono its restrictivo work that, on the 10th inst., the directors felt justified in ?mitigating tho pressuro by reducing the mini- mum rate from 4A to 4 per cent. The movo .ment was generally anticipated, and seems to . have been universally approved. All danger ¡had passed away, monoy was evorywhoro ? abundant, and terms of accommodation wero ' rapidly receding in tho open market Tho recovory in tho Bank's resources during tho .fivo weeks of the 4J por cent discount ' was very remarkable. Between the 5th of i May and tho 0th of Juno, tho reservo liad risen i £3,211,877, whilo the increase in tho .«oin and bullion was £2,048,797. The re- servo is now brought to a higher point than it has attained since tho beginning of Oc- tober, 18C8, when the Bankfcate was only 2, and tho value of money in tho open mar- ket was as low as là per conti But while the wholesome rigour of the Bank managers stifled tho perilous speculation in foreign stocks and loans, and kept capital 'at home which would otherwise have gone11 abroad,^ it undoubtedly did harm air the same timo, by ^checking v the wel- come rovivftl that had commenced in trade generally. The statistics of the clearing-house for May show this, for the daily clearancos for that month were a mil- lion below the average attained during the first four months of the year. Mr. S. Morley stated lately in the House of Commons that, on the day on ,which the Bank rate was so unexpectedly advanced, early in May, nume- rous "ordeis wero cancelled by post, owing to* the fear of impending panic. i A temporary increase m the business ef the Bank of England discount department fol- lowed tho reduction of the rate, but it speedily exhausted itself, and transactions are now cn 'a very moderate scale, with a sure falling market. Tho terms in Lom- bard-street for short first-class paper have been 3| to 33 ; in the Stock Sxchango, loans on English Government securitios have been obtainable at 2J to 3 per cent; while the future course of the money market is indi- cated by the fact that six months' bankers acceptances havo been negotiated as low as 3.1 per cent., or f below tho Bank minimum for three months' paper. The position of tho two great national monetary establishments last week was as follows : Coin and Notes in bullion. circulation. Bank of England .. £18,630,883 ... £22,842,486 Bank of franco.. .. 40,857,248 .. 63,303,504 ' Totals .. .. £67,088,181 .'. £70,140,040 The opinion is very goneral that before long we shall havo a further reduction in tho offi- cial value of money. Owing to the sluggish- ness of trade, and to the improbability of any considerable rovival of speculative venture, there is likely to be an excess of loanable capital-small, no doubt, but still sufficient to depress current rates. _ At the date of my last summary, the Eng- lish funds were rising, a tendency which con- tinued to bo developed for about ten days, and which seems to have been caused princi- pally by a short supply of stock for tho ap- proaching settlement. Since thon a slight re- action has occurred, arising from a combina- tion of unfavourable political causes, such as the alarming disturbances in connexion with the French elections, the unfriendly attitude of America, and the threatened resistance of the House of Lords to the Irish policy of the Government and the House of Commons. Consols have ranged between 93J and 02¿, ex div. In foreign stocks thero was a goneral ad- vance dunng the early part of the month, owing to the plentifulness of money, but the agitations in France and the impression which prevails that tho advorse results of the elec- tions will drive the Emperor into some perilous course and perhaps into war, have somewhat alarmed holders of securities likely to be prejudiced by Continental commotions. Since tho cessation of the rioting in Paris, however, a more tranquil feeling has re- turned, and values have improved. American bonds, which wore çreatly depre- ciated by the outrageous requisitions made upon England by the people of the States through their self- constituted mouthpiece, Mr. Sumner, are gradually recovering their position since the arrival of Mr. Motley, and tho friendly assurances with which ho inau- gurated his ambassadorial mission. Canadian securities, too, which had sympathetically suffered,|are again in active request. English railway stocks have generally been firmer. London, Chatham, and Dover havo advanced in consequence of the overruling of the decision of Vice- Chancellor Stuart. Metropolitan stock has been adversely affected by the call of £1 per share on the now ordi- nary share capital, and by the general sus Ílición with regard to the management of the ine-a suspicion fostered and aggravated by speculators. Most of the leading companies snow good and growing traffic returns. In banks, finance, and miscellaneous com- panies, nothing worthy of special remark has transpired. , It is notified that the interest on the Juno Exchequer Bills has been raised from 2.J to 3 per cent. It appears that the Customs duties hypo- thecated for the payment of the interest on the bonds of Ecuador havo been wrongfully appropriated by the Government. The Eng- lish bondholders have held an indignation meeting, and invoked Lord Clarendon's good offices. The Austrian Government, moreovor, having declined to accede to the demands of the Anglo-Austrian bondholders in regard to the compulsory conversion of the Austrian debt, a meeting of sufferers took place in London on the 3rd ins t., when strong resolu- tions were passed on the subject. Mr. Lowe has been uttering in Parliament some exceedingly irreverent sentiments re- specting the Bank of England and its relations to the Government, and tho presumed duty of the Government, in consequence, to avoid everything calculated to disturb the balance of tho money market. The City was shocked at the daring heresies propounded, and gavo way to the slightest possible shade of a pauic. We shall probably hoar moro of this anon. The following are tho latest quotations of Australian securities and shares : Share i -a . I or '3 g. Names of Companies, Jtc. Bond. *3| Latest Pricoa. Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock 1 Stock Shares' 20 5 1 li 1 1 25 26 eo io 26 26 Stock Stock Stock 100 100 All fl | OOVKRNMKNT STOCKS.« 100 IVlotorla Government, 0 por cont. (Jan. and July) 100 ¡Do., do. (April and Oot.) 100 iNowSouth Wales,6porcont., 1871 to 1870 (Jan. & July). 100 Do., do., 1888 to 1890 (do.).. 100 Do., do., redeem,, '03 to 78 100 South Australian, 0 per cent. (Jan. and July) .. MolbournoCorporation, Opor cont. (May and Nov.) Geelong Corporation, 0 per cont. (May and Nov.) Queensland, Oper cent (Jan. and July). Now Zealand, 0 por cent. . Do,, 6 per cent (consolld.) Tasmanian. 0 por cont, 1805 (Jan. and July) Victoria Government, 6 por cent (Jan. and July) Now 8outh Wales, Sporoent., 2 por cent annum, drawing COMl'AMKS' BONDS. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, 0 per cont. Bonds (1880) Do., 6 percent., 1805 BANKS. New South Wolca .. " Australasia. 25 lUnlon of Australia .. South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia. English, Soottlsh, and Aus- tralian Chartered Oriental . Now Zealand ,. .. Victoria . Otago. National of Australasia MINES. Vudanamutana of SouthAus. tralla . Port Phillip Mining Company Scottish Australian Mining.. Kapunda, S.A. Worthing Coppor, 8. A, .. Yorko Peninsula MIBCEM,ANBOnS. Australian Agricultural ., Australian Mortgage, Land, and Financo Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway. Otago and Southland In- vestment Company > Now Zealand Trust and Loan New Zealand Loan and Mor cimtilo Agency .. ., South Australian Land Trust and Agonoy of Aus- tralasia, . Van Dlemon's Land.. North British Australasian.. Pool River Land and Mineral Scottish Australian Invest- ment. £ 1151 111} 101 1001 101 lill 106 105 110 103 04} 108 102} 00} 46} 24} } dis. ! 15 il ' 62 40 80 J * Thcso quotations Includo tho accrued interest on debentures. Australian securities, in common with most other good investments, have improved con- siderably during tho month. The lost mil- lion loan for New South Wales has advanced 1 yer cent., and the Victoria 5 per cent. loan of March last, 2J per cent. Tho January and July sixes never, to my re- collection, stood higher. Now Zealand de- bentures aro dull, and very naturally, as the public are alarmed at the chronic state of war in which the colony is plungod. and the finan- cial difficulties which are confessedly closing around its distracted Governments. What is imperatively needed is a strong central Executive, empowered to wield all the resources of the islands in ono sharp and decisive cam- paign against tho troublera. Tho consolidated "-Ö per cent, stock, inclusive of 3 per cent, interest, may bo purchased at 91A. Mr. Muir, the manager of the Land Mortgago' Bank of Victoria, who carno to this country two mails since for the purpose of establish- ing a branch of that bank in London, has, > itisunderstood, successfully accomplished the ' object of his mission. A highly influential' boord of directors has been formed, and offices taken at 10 Cornhill. As tho objects of the company aro for the investment of money on freehold property in tho colony of Victoria, it has met with great favour, and will no doubt result in a large increase of profitable business, as well as do good to the colony, as every sound undertaking established hore tends to make it better, known and appro dated. ?. N \ .J FINANCIAL OPERATIONS. Since thojast out-going_maù7not a single foreign loan, nor a domestic operation of any magnitude, has been so much as mentioned. The scare of last month has had a wholesome effect, and tho rapid successive advances in the Bank rate has killed'dowh for a timo the spirit of speculation. Foràsoason, therefore, we may look for caution and quietude on our Stock Exchange., Yot. although the in- troduction of now foreign or colonial loans may for the present be checked, thero is Still , tho prospect that a steady supply of stock, 'representingin great part new creations, will come forward as prices rise. Combinations of bankers on the Continent take loans at prices considerably below those current here, and then, as favourablo opportunities offer, they feed the English market^ Any marked return to buoyancy, therefore, in the foreign stock market would probably exorcise a prejudicial effect upon tho bullion move- ment, and tend to turn the exchanges, which i at present aro in favour of this country, , The management of the City of Pans loan has created great indignation and disgust. More than a month has elapsed since tho subscription lists wero closed, and the result has not yet been announced. The delay is annoying, and it causes much inconvenience by keeping locked up a considerable amount of money. The great banks, which sub- scribed for large amounts haye, it is true, had portions of their deposits returned, but the tens of thousands of persons who applied for a small number of bonds, and will get only a small percentage of what they sought, have not got back any part of their surplus deposits. All who subscribed by means of registered letters wxere compelled to attend at the Hotel de Ville with documents proving their identity. Tho applicants amounted to nearly half a million, so that there is some excuse for delay in settling so vast a transac- tion, i , The Portuguese Government is in great financial straits ; but, owing so its bad repu- tation, it cannot raise a loan, except upon ruinously onorous terms. Messrs. Frühling and Goschen aro said' to have contracted for a loan. DIVIDEND MEETIN03. London and Australian Agoncy Corpora- tion.-At the meeting on the 25th ult., the directors' report was adopted, and a dividend declared at the rate of 10 per cent, por an- num, freo of income tax, making, including a previous payment, a total distribution of 10 per cent, for the year 1868. The accounts show a balance of profit for the period named of £9,998. Losses are anticipated in conse- quence of the drought which has prevailed in Australia ; but in order to economise ex- penditure as much as possible, the directors have reduced their remuneration from £2,000 to £1,000 a year, and the manager in Aus- tralia, whose salary had been £1,000 per annum, has been recalled. These and simi- lar explanations gave great satisfaction to the shareholders present. An extraordinary meeting of the proprietary is convened for the 21stinst, for the purpose of altering the articles of association. , London Chartered Bank of Australia.-The annual meeting was held on the 4th inst, when a dividend was declared at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum. The report expressed the regret of the directors that during the past year tho pastoral interest of Australia had been subjected to trials of unusual severity. The absence of sale for sur- plus stock, as well as the continued low price of wool, has seriously diminished the profits of tho sheepownor, while tho drought and heat of last summer had caused numerous casualties among the flocks. Still, these unfavourable circumstances had not materially affected tho general business of the bank, although a trifling reduction in the profits had necessarily arisen. The gross profits for 1868 amounted to £85,093, reduced by bad and doubtful debts, &c;, to £51,189. Of this sum £40,000 are appropriated to the dividend, £3,000 to the colonial building fund, leaving a balance of £8,189 to bo car- ried forward. Deposits aud circulation havo largely increased; 571 new accounts were opened during the year, and a promise was given that the reserve should, as far as pos- sible, bo invested in consols or"Government debentures, Australian Trust Company.-A general meeting is announced for to day, to receive the first annual report of the liquidators. Anglo-Amorican Telegraph Company.-At the meeting on tho 14th inst, a dividend of 17s. per share was declared, making, with a previous distribution, a little over 24 per cont for the year. Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company.-The half-yearly report was sub- mitted on the 11th inst., and a dividend of 3 per cent, was declared. The directors de- scribed tho operations of tho company as en- couraging. The shipments of silk from China, although comprised within a shorter period than usual, have consisted of a somewhat larger number of bales than last year. The export of cotton from Bombay by their steamers, during tho season now about to close, also exhibits an in- crease ; and there has been some revival of the remittances of specie to the East Tho company's business in tbeso branches and in its intermediate carrying trade, is now, how- ever, most materially affected by the compe- tition which sots in from every quarter, and tho directors have been compelled to make concessions in their rates of freight, which teU very sensibly on the total earnings as com- pared with the extent of operations. On the other hand, there has been a diminution in the cost of coals at some important stations. No accidents of any kind have occurred in the six months, and the mail services havo been punctually performed. Otago and Southland Investment Company. -On the 10th inst. the directors' report was adopted, and a dividend of 5 per cent, was declared, making with a previous payment a total distribution of 10 per cent for the year. Tho net profit for tho twelvemonth amounted to £4,699. The annual meeting of tho proprietors of the Bank of South Australia will bo held on the 29th inst. The annual meeting of the South Austra- lian (Land) Company is convened for tho 30th inst. The Bank of New Zealand have given notice that they will pay tho interest due 30th June and 1st July on the outstanding bonds of the Otago Eight per Cent. Loan, 1861-2 (£50,000), the Otago Six per Cent. Loan, 18G2 (£500,000), the Canterbury Eight per Cent Loan, 1856 (£30,000), and the Canterbury Six per Cent. Loan, 1862 (£500,000). FAILURES, EMBABBASSMENTS, AND FRAUDS. Fresh disclosures aro being made from day to day of the wide-spread instability of our comraorcial firms in almost ovory department 1 of business. The frightful stagnation of trade prevailing in-all directions, taken in con- nexion with the costly style of living which has sprung up of late years, is at length telling fatally upon houses not radically unsound, and which manaced to survive the first con- vulsions of the financial crisis. Tradesmen in shoals are going into the bankruptcy court, or aro, compounding with their creditors. And it is to be feared that we have not yet seen tho worst. The following will be found among tho failures of the past month :~ Messrs. Shore, Kirk, and Hargreaves, a firm of Manchester stockbrokers, said to have ben caused by the default of some of thoir clients; liabilities, about £150,000, of which £120,000 is covered by securities. Messrs. Livesay and Thorpe, in the cotton brokering trade at Liverpool ; liabilities, about £250,000 ; assets largo ; tho failure attributed to constant losses, and depression of trado in the Lancashire and Cheshire manufacturing districts. Messrs. Murdoch and Doddorell, an old established firm of sugar relmors at Glasgow ; liabilities about £160,000; liquidation ex- pected to bo favourablo. Their premisos wero burnt down some years ago, and woro rebuilt at a cost of upwards of £100,000. Messrs. S. Isaac Campbell and Co., mer- chants, East India-avenue, London ; liabili- ties about £140,000. Wore in difficulties some years ago, from which thoy have never com- pletely recovered. Their names have been prominont lately in connexion with tho re- clamations against tho Spanish Govornmont for the capture of the Tornado. Messrs, E. G. Muntz and Co., in tho copper trade, of London and Birmingham ; liabili- ties not lal go. i Messrs, H. and A. Wallis,, of Ipswich, an old-established firm in tho corn trade, owing to beaty losses in whoat, of which thoy aro largo holders ; liabilities computed at £150,000, and a liquidation of 10s. in tho pound anticipated. i , Messrs, N. Wedd and Son, a firm of about eight years' standing on tho London Corn Exchango, with establishments at Boston and Hartlcpool; liabilities upwards of £30,000. Further embarrassments in the corn and hop trades are spoken of. < Mr. Alfred Falten, merchant, of Manches. ter ; liabilities, £10,000 to £15,000 ; assets small. Mr. Georgo Mason, Bradford ; liabilities, £60,000. Composition of 7s. Od. in the pound offered. Mr. John Clough and Co., machine wool combers, of Bradford ; liabilities, £5,000. Mr. Shackleton Smith, of Gomersal, worsted spmner ; liabilities, £10,000. A composition of 7s. in the pound accepted. Messrs. Wallace and Murray, wiucoy manu- facturers, of Glasgow ; liabilities estimated ams.ooo. "' . ? v; ' . ! ' ' y Messrs. Carter and Garth waite, Manchester' warehousemen, of Watling-streot, City"; lia- bilities not large. ¡ , Messrs. Jas.'Morrison and Co., of Toronto, Canada, in the dry goods trade ; liabilities about £25,000. Mr. John Manners, tinplate manufacturer, of Rugoley; Messrs., Watson and Sherburn, spinners and manufacturers, of Padiham; Messrs. T. and A. Wilson and Co., manufac- turers, of Glasgow ; Messrs. Felix, Leach, and Co., cotton- spinners and manufac- turers, or Accrington ; Messrs. Pasquali and Co.,\merchants, of Rood-lane ; Messrs. Har i rison and Fripp, oil and seed brokers,, of" Leadenhall-street, through losses in oil and tallow ; Messrs. G. Eilbeck and Co., ware- housemen, of Milk-street. Tho liabilities in all these cases ,are only moderate, and the prospects of liquidation fair. , L , Telegrams from Kçw,York announco the failure of Messrs. Schepoler, and Co., mer- chants, with liabilities for a considerable amount, including a moderate sum duo in Europe. i Advices from Canada refer to the suspen- sion of the Royal Canadian Bank, > havinç a paid-up capital of £220,000, and liabilities amounting to £700,000. The stoppage is at- tributed to the issue of a damaging circular by Mr. D. M'Donald, one of the directors, charging tho board with reckless advances. It is said that the capital is intact, and it is hoped the bank will resume business in a hort time. The principal establishment is at Toronto, and there are twenty-three branches. The deposits > are believed to amount to £1,000,000. Mr. Ryan, proprietor of the extensive flour mills at Bruree, in county Limerick, has stopped ; debts, about £80,000. , The unfortunate, London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company has again been pro- minently before tho public. With the laudable object of extricating the concern from the destructive hands of seventeen firms of solicitors, and promoting an equit- able settlement of the claims of the various conflicting parties, a bill had been introduced to Parliament, authorising the directors to submit everything to the arbitration of the Marquis of Salisbury and Lord Cairns. That bill had passed the Commons, and been read a first time by the Lords, when the intervention of the Vico-Chancellor was invoked to restrain the directors from pro- ceeding further with the measure of concilia- tion ond relief. The order was granted, and chaos returned again, with rum perpetual and hopeless. The triumph of the advocates of litigation, however, was of brief duration ; for, on an appeal, the lords justices promptly reversed the decision of Vice-Chancellor Stuart. It may be hoped now that the last obstacle to the settlement of the tangled affairs of this company is now removed, although I see it stated in TJie Times that strenuous efforts are being made to take the conduct of the Chancery proceedings out of the hands of the company s solicitor, and to place it in those of one of the legal firms reported already to havo grown rich out of the complications of this unhappy concern, the intention of course being to press on tho Chancery proceedings with increased vigour, in the face of the proposed arbitration. The protracted examinations of the di- rectors and manager of the English Joint Stock Bank, on the charge of conspiracy to deceive tho shareholders, have terminated at length in the acquittal of Messrs. Bradshaw, Abbiss, and Captain Mangles. Mr. Finney, the manager, however, has been committed for trial on a charge of perjury. He made a deposition bofore the Court of Chancery to the effect that he had received nothing beyond his salary, whereas it came out during the investigations that he and the secretary had both received a present of a sum of money for negotiating the purchase of a worthless bank. Further revelations may bo expected at the Central Criminal Court. Although the directors have escaped, The Times speaks in strong terms of reprobation of their conduct, which was irregular, and suspicious in the. extreme. With reference to tho prosecution of the directors of Overend, Gurney, and Company (Limited), it is understood that Dr. Thom, the prosecutor, and Mr. H. U. Gordon, one of the defendants, are anxious to get the trial disposed of at the earliest possible moment, but that tho other defendants do not appear to concur in this view. In the event of such concurrence being obtained from all parties, a decision from a special jury as to the (milt or innocence of the accused may be given during next month. The Chancery suit, Dundas v. the directors and the trustees of the late Mr. Gibb's estate, has been ripe for hearing or some time past, but the committee, it is tat ed, have been unable to push the matter o a conclusion. TRADE BETDnNB, TELEGRAPHS, &C.; The Board of Trade returns for April are of a far more encouraging character than would have been inferred from the sense of depression everywhere existing. Whatever our retail trade may be, it is clear that our foreign transactions are of enormous magni- tude. The value of our shipments shows an increase of £1,049,323, or 7 percent., on tho corresponding month of last year, and of 12 per cent, over April, 1867 ¡ while for the first four months of the present year there has been an increase of 4^ per cent, over the same four months of 1867 and 1868. It would therefore appeart as The Times remarks, cither that a satisfactory business has been carried on, or thr t consignments hove been made for the sake of raising money at any sacrifice, or that the returns are inaccu- rate and worse than useless. Under the circumstances, it is difficult to solve the cause of the apparent anomaly in the figures presented, but tho balance of probability is in favour of the conclu- sion that the trade. of the country has been on a fair scale, and that the dull tone which seems to hang over everything is simply consequent on the way in which the misery created by the panic of 1866 is being aggravated and prolonged by the Chancery and other suits promoted on all sides, ana the use made of the power to threaten crimi- nal proceedings. With respect to the details of the month of April, the following are the figures :-An in- crease is shown of ten per cent, in the value of our shipments of cotton manufactures, and of four per cent, in the quantity, while in those of cotton yarn thero has been a decrease of twenty-four per cent, in value and eighteen per cent, in quantity. Linen and woollen yarns likewise show a decrease, the former of 25 per cent., the latter of 30 per cent. ; but in linen manufactures there has been an increase of 8 per cent, in value and 21 per cent, in quantity, and in wollen manufactures an in- crease of 37 per cent, both in value and quan- tity. An increase is also shown of 6 per cent, in silk manufactures, 15 per cent, in earthen- ware, 19 per cent in haberdashery, 27 por cent, in hardware, 6 per cent, in machinery, 30 per cent, in iron, and 4 per cent, in the large class of goods comprised as " unenu merated articles." On the other hand, as regards the importa tations of the month, it appears that the arrivals of wheat havo been 1,998.612cwt., which is 32 per cent, less than the ? total in the same month last year. Of cotton, the arrivals havo been 859,440cwt., which is 25 per cent, less than the total of last year. Tho activity of the American import trade continues to increase. The total gold value of the goods landed at the port of Now York during the first four months of this year has been £21,000,000 against £17,000,000 in the same period of last year, and' £11,700,000 n 1867. This is exclusive of freight and duty, which in many cases would go far towards doubling the amount. Meanwhile, he exports continue to diminish. "This business," it is remarked hythe New York Journal of Commerce, "would soon collapse of itself if we had to pay specie 'for the difference, but as long as we can pay in bonds, only close observers seo any dangor ahead." The value of the Australasian gold im- ported into the United Kingdom in tho two months ending February 28 this year, was £658,686, as compared with £859,900 in tho corresponding two months of 1868, and £583,529 in the corresponding two months of 1867. Official returns show that the export of gold from New Zealand in tho year 1868 amounted to 637,474oz,, of the value of £2,604,326, being 49,279oz. less than in 1867. The total export from the colony up to tho end of'1868 was 4,383,688oz., representing a sum of £17,044,899. This, at the rate of 2s. 6d. duty per ounce, would yield to the colony a revenue of £547,961. ' The completion of the French Atlantic cable was celebrated on the 9th inst., by a luncheon on board the Great Eastern, at Sheerness. The entertainment was given by the chairman and directors of1 the Tele- graphic Construction and Maintenance Com pany, and many_ distinguished guests wore present. The big ship started last Saturday on her task, and her passengers wore limited to those scientific gentlemen who are con- nected with' the expedition. At Brest, the directors- general of most of the Continental telegraph lines have assembled to inspect the cable, and witness the laying of its shoro end. As soon as the Great Eastern has com- pleted this work, she will return to Sheerness; and commence preparations for receiving the Anglo-Indian "cable, to" be laid between Suez, Aden, r, and , Bombay, and is of oxactly the same length as tho French Atlantic cable-3,250 miles. There has beon a controversy in the papers as to whothor the French Cable Company has any'right to land the'cable'on American territory with- out the 'special sanction of Congress. An act to that effect, introduced some months ago, was rejected, it will be remembered. However, right or no right, the attempt will be made, in spite of the adverse opinion of the Attorney-General of tho United States. The Hull steamer has passed Gibraltar with the Black Sea cable on board. This cable is 100 miles in length, and forms a portion of the now telegraphic route botween England and India, via Prussia, Russia, and Persia, now in course of construction for the Indo European* Tolegraph Company' by Messrs. Siemens, a member of which firm, Mr. C, W. Siemens, has gone out to superintend personally the operation of submerging it. Two-thirds of the land lines through Persia have beon completed, and tho construction of the remainder of the line through Russia to unite with the Prussian telegraphs, is making rapid progress. Concessions havo been granted for a tele- graph scheme to connect tho British India telegraphic system with a line frdm Bankok, through Siam and Cambodia, to Saigon, and thence to Cape St. James or Cape Padaran, from which a submarine cabio will be laid to Hong Kong, The privileges obtained in- clude exclusive rights from tho French autho- rities at Saißon for forty years, the exclusivo right of communication through Cambodia, and a concession from Siam for ninety years, It is anticipated to have Saigon in connexion with Europo bof ore the end of next year, and that the connexion between Saigon and Hong Kong may be established in the summer of 1871\. The London agents of the parties in- terested are Messrs. Bremner and Laycock. A new direct submarino cable, via Denmaik and the Baltic, to Russia, has just been opened. This route is announced as also available for messages to India, China, Aus- tralia, Persia; &c.; Additional submarine lines to Norway and'Rus <ia, via Sweden, will also be laid during the present month ; thus affording duplicate communications with those countries. It is stated that the Russian Government has granted to certain parties in London the concession of the right of laying a submarine cable, with a monopoly for forty years, from the mouth of the River Amoor, in Eastern Siberia. The cable is to run to Japan, and thence to Shanghai, the Government under- taking to complete as far as the mouth of the river the land line of tolegraph wire, which already crosses the greater part of Siberia up to a point within 600 miles from the coast. It is understood % that the Postmaster General has just concluded a contract with the Pacific Steam Navigation Company of Liverpool for the monthly conveyance of British mails between Liverpool, Brazil, and the River Plato, calling at Bordeaux and Lisbon. By this means the time occu- pied between England and the Plate will be only about twenty-nine days, which may be curtailed two days by despatching letters "via Bordeaux," and landing there the homeward mails for England. The award has been made in the case of the concession of Reuter's Telegram Company to the Government. The total amount of compensation claimed was £1,243,000 ; but the amount awarded is £726,000, the com- pany to pay its own costs. The New Zealand Quartz-crushing and Gold-mining Company (Limited) appears to be now established. Its share-list was closed on the 25th ult., and its machinery is making. All now will depend on tho management of its affairs in the colony. One of the direc- tors, who holds a largo interest in the com- pany, proposes to go out with the manager, and to give his assistance in establishing the woiks. The enterprise appears to be devoid of many of those elements of speculation and risk that frequently attend gold-mining. WOOL SALES. The second series of London sales of colo- nial wool, which commenced May 6, will close to-morrow. It will bo gratifying to know that in the latter stages of the sales a favour- able reaction set in, competition became moro spirited, and a general recovery of prices took place. According to Mr. Helmuth Schwartzo, there have been catalogued Victorian .. .. 05,168 against 87,688 in 1833 New South Wales .. 40,201 - 81,406 - South Australian .. 10,682 - 25,078 - Tasmanian .. .. 7,838 - 0,478 - West Australian .. 3,507 - 2 857 - New Zealand .. 21,068 - 19,055 - Capo.80,299 - 82 600 - Sundries .. .. 063 - 2,050 - 218,606 - 208,627 - Close upon 240,000 bales had arrived in time for this series, but of this quantity about 7,000 bales were forwarded direct to the country, leaving 233,000 bales for actual disposal in this market. 15,000 bales appear thus not to have been put up at all, but this figure is probably below the mark, for 5,000 to 6,000 bales may fairly be estimated to have been catalogued twice. We havo thus about 21,000 bales actually re- served for a latter series, and to this quantity must be added what has been withdrawn and not re-sold either by private contract or public sale, and putting this at about 9,000 bales, we arrive at 30,000 bales as the actual total held over for next sales. The calculation may not be quite exact, but it is probably not far from the truth. The course of this series (continues Mr. Schwartze) has been an uneven one ; starting , with a decline of about Id. from the avorage § rices of Maroh, the sales after but a few ays' duration, exhibited the downward ten- dency of the market in a more marked degree ; 2d., and even 3d., less than in March were paid for Australian washed combing wools, the greasy sorts suffered in pro- portion, and a fall of Id. to 2d. according to quality and condition-marked the sale of the Cape descriptions. For about a fortnight great dulness and irregularity prevailed, the buyers themselves feeling evi- dently uneasy under a decline as unexpected as material, and which, as it was showing itself at the outset of what for both past and future may prove the heaviest series on re- cord, naturally thieatened still greater weak- ness for the further course of the sales, To whatever extent, however, these fears may have been entertained, the result has proved them groundless, for af terabout half the avail- able quantity had been disposed of, a reaction in tone set in, which, aided by an increased attendance of buyers, brought the prices slowly and gradually back to their starting point. In this position the market has con- tinued-not always ovenly_ firm-for the lost eight or ten days, with a fair amount of com- petition and spirit, but without any appre- ciable tendency to a further rise. The great built; of the wools offered has been taken by English buyers, the Continent operating very cautiously and within narrower limits than is usual at this season. Export, about 76,000 bales. I subjoin a few observations on the leading descriptions : Victorian.-Fair assortment of well-con- ditioned wools ; many flocks elaborately got up and almost overwashed. The superior brands markedly deteriorated in quality. An abundant supply of cross-bred kinds, which being momentarily in great demand, realised exceptionally hich¡ though towards the close of the sales, declining prices. Scoured sorts, except skin wools, very scarce. The majority of flocks in the grease. New South Wales. The fine descriptions much sought after, and very adequately paid. No chango in the general character of tho bulk of poor and faulty sorts. About 165.000 bales (130,000 Australian and 35,000 Cape) are likely to arrive for the August sales ; if, thereforo, the 30,000 to 35,000 bales that have been held over from this and the preceding series bo put up at the next, the total quantity for disposal will reach about 200,000 bales. " MICES cuniiBNT or COLONIAL WOOL, JUNE l8,1809. " Victoria.-Fleece-Good to super., Is. 8}d. ; mid- dling lo good. Is 41d. ; hoavy and faulty, Is. Scoured -Good, Is 8Jd. ; skin, la. ljd. ; heavy, 11}<L Greaso -Well-conditioned, 9}d. ; middling, 8d. Lambs Good to super., Is. 8d. ; middling, Is. 8Jd. ; good greasy, lOd. Pieces-Good washed, Is. Locks-Good washed, 0Jd. Now South Wales.-Fleece-Superior light, Is. Ud ; middling to good, Is. 8d. ; heavy and molty, lid. Scourod-Good clean-Is. lOd. ; light discoloured and molty, Is. 4Jd. Groase-Middling, 7d. i South Australia.- Groase - Good combing, 8d. ; heavy and mushy, 5d. "New Zealand.-Fleoco-Well conditioned, Is. SJd,; middling, lljd. Scoured-Good, Is. 7Jd.J grosso, 8d. " Tasmania.-Fleoco-Middling, Is. 2Jd. " Capo.-(Western)- Fleece-Well-grown, Is.; middling, lOJd. (Eastern)-Fleece- Light clean, 10}d" middling and fair body, Od ; heavy and short, 81.; heavy and faulty. 7d. i Scoured-Snow white, 1«. 2Jd.; gocd, lOtd. Bandwashed- Middling. Sid. Grease-Good, 6fd.; middling, 4id." * , PRODUCE MABKETS. Australian Tallow.-There has been an activo demand throughout tho month, and the 5,851 packages offered at the weekly fcalcs havo been disposed of at advancing prices. Present quotations aro Is, to Is. 6d. por cwt above those current lost month, viz. : Mutton, fair to good, 43s. 9d. to 44s. Gd. ; mixed, fair to good, 43s. to 43s. Cd.; and beof, fair to good, 42s. 9d. to 43s. Cd. per cwt Im- port 4,708 casks ; sales, 5,854 ; stock, 4,103 packages. % s >' _ AusJ;ralian_Hides.-Demand dull, with only moderate quantity offoied since last mail. Heavy sorts have been with difficulty sold at decline of \ñ. per lb. ; light weights in more plentiful supply havo found buyers, but at a" reduction of ¿d. to Id. per lb. Sales com- prise 5,622 hides' ; imports, 2,538 ; and present stock, 4,057 hides.' . ' Australian'Leather,-Very large quantity offered, bat demand only moderate. Prices in consequence have fallen id. to ki. por Ib., at which about 10,500 crop sides'have gone off :-Fair to good, lOid. to lid. ; light do, lOfd. toll- id. ; middling, 10}d. ; second, !Hd, to lOid. per lb. Horns dull all the month. Bones.-Shank in steady demand at £18 to £20 5s., for good to fine ; £15 to £17 for fair ; and £10 to £13 per ton for common and middling. Mimosa Bark.-Demand dull, except for some few pareéis of fino Adelaide, which havo biought extreme prices. ' Copper.-No transactions to report. Quota- tions nominal. Petroleum.-Market quiet at Is. 7d. for standard white, but this prico could not be obtained for any quantity. Wheat-Affected by tho variations in the weather. After a fortnight of bright growing temperature, it has again become cold and dreary. _ y ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE ARRIVALS. Countess Kintore, at Dual 10th Juno, from Auck- land. City of Dunedin, at Gravesend 2nd June, from Otago. Chill, at Southampton 3rd Juno, from Sydnoy. Champion of tho Seas, at Doal 1st Juno, from Moi- bourno. City of Manchester, at Gravesend Oth Juno, from Melbourne. i Dartmouth, at Deal 1st Juno, from Otago. Ernestine, at Gravesend - May, from Moibourno. Esaox, at Gravoaond let Juno, from Melbourne. Fugitivo, at Deal 16th Juno, from Launceston. Glenmark, at Gravesend 3rd Juno, from Lyttelton. Hendorson, at Deal 1st Juno, from Otago, i H. Brycodalo, at Liverpool 10th Juno, from Ade- laide Himalaja, cu Plymouth 13th June, from Australia. Julio Tatham, at Gravesend 3rd Juno, from Brisbane. Lansdowne, at, Deal nth Juno, from Melbourno. Maid of Judah, at Deal 1st Juno, from Moibourno. Melita, at Gravesend 10th Juno, from Wellington, Paramatta, at Gravesend - May, from Sydney. Bobort fllno, at Doal 16th Juno, from Adelaide. Ruahlne, at Southampton 2nd Juno, from Wel- lington. Sobraon, off Portsmouth 81st May, from Sydnoy. Salamander, at Deal 16th Juno, from Melbourne. Verulam, at Deal 22nd May, from Adolaido. Wave of Lifo, at Gravesend 11th Juno, from Mel- bourne. DEPARTURES. Abdil Mojed, from Gravesend 24th May, far Nelson. Asteropo, lrom Deal 20th May, for Otago. Annie Story, from Clyde 2nd Juno, for Sydnoy. Britomart, from Deal 20th May, for Port Phillip. Coonatto, from Gravesend 28th May, for Adelaide. Christian» Thompson, from Gravesend 23th May, for Port Phillip. Ceylon, from Gravcsond 6th Juno, for Brisbane Claverhouee, from Gravesend 14th Juno, for Bris- bane Excolsior, from Gravesend 6th Juno, for Auckland. E. A. Other, from Deal 30th May, for Adelaide. Ellen Stew art, from Deal 27th May, for Sydney. Holcyonc, from Deal 29th May, for Wellington. Harlow, from Gravesend 10th June, for Goolong. Hecuba, from Livorpool 26th May, for Moibourno. Harmootous, from Gravesend 3rd Juno, for Bris- bane. J. M. Joshua, from Gravesend 1st Juno, for i'oit Phillip. Lochawo, from Olydo 29th May, for Melbourno. Mackay, from Middlosborough 3rd June, for Laun- ceston. Melpomene, from Liverpool 2nd Juno, for Mel- bourno. Naval Reserve, from Gravesend 13th Juno, for Mel bourne Penthesllea, from Liverpool 14th June, for Mel- bourne. Runnymode, from Gravesend 20th May, for Hobart Town. Superb, from Gravesend 8th June, for Melbourno. Sea Wave, frsm Gravesend 14th June, far Hobart Town. Suffolk, from Gravesend 22nd May, for Port Phillip. Star Queen, from Greenock 18th May, for Queens- land, T. S, Hall, from öravesond 11th June, for Port Phillip. Talisman, from Gravesend 10th June, for Port Phillip. Verulam, from Deal 24th May, for Adelaide. Warwickshire, from Livorpool 81st May, for Sydney. Westbury, from Gravesend Juno 2, for Launceston. Zomlnder, from Deal, 6th June, for Sydney. VESSELS LOADING. AT LONDON. For Melbourno.-Sarah Grics, Ernestine, Kate Kellock, Niagara, Moravian, Brockham, Lord Raglan, Alexander Duthie, Holmedale, Ascalon, Colonial Empire, Vernon, Somersetshire, Orto»tal, Royal Standard, Essex, Nardoo, Wavo of Lifo, Lansdowno, Highflyer, Coleroon, Sussex, Lord Raglan. for Sj dney.-Cornwallis, Dllawur, La Hogue, Surrey, Ann Duthie, William Duthie, John Duthlo, Abergeldie, Centurion, Landsborough, Paramatta, Nourmahal, Sam Cearns, Sobraon, Ambassador, Maid of Judah, Oto of Sjdnoy, Middlesex, For Adelaide.-Yatala, Darra, Ettlo, South Aus- tralian, Bundalcor, Beltana, St Vlucont, Orient, Duke ot Sutherland, St. Leonard's, Glen Osmond. For BrlBbano.-Royal Dane, Alfred Hawley, Wa goola, Anoto Gray, Hopo, Light Brigade. For Hobart Town.-Ethel, Windward. For Launceston.-Arounah. For Sw&n; River.-Palestine, Bridgetown, Zephyr, Fitzroy, Chalgrove. For Auckland.-Rod Rover, Glenmark. For Otago.-England, Victona, Chile, Robert Hen- derson. For Nelson.-Hero. For Canterbury.-Hydospes. For Wellington - Electra. ) For Napier.-Turnbull. AT LIVERPOOL For Melbo'irno-Great Victoria, Robert Kerr, Houghton Tower. For Sydney-Cbacabuco, Valparaiso. For Adolaido-Tenby Castle For BriBbane-Wressel Castle For Auckland-Pride of the Thames. AT GLASGOW. For Moibourno-Marla do O. For Sydnoy-Girvan. VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. Fugitive, from Launceston, May 17, 3dog. N., 30deg. W. Ballarat, London to Auckland, May 22,17dog. N.. 26dfg.W. Roxburgh Castle, London to Molbourne, April 6, 28deg. S., 86deg. W. Mystery, New Zealand to London, May 16, 20dog. N., 40deg. W. Moss Trooper. London to Adolaido, April 14. Surprise, Adelaide to Liverpool, April 11,30deg. S., 19deg. W. Robert Hine, Adelaide to London, April i, 45deg. N., 17dog. W. Adelaide, London to Hobart Town, April 10, 23dog. S., 80deg. W. Agra, London to Sydnoy, April 13, lOdoe. S., 33deg. W. Aberdeon, Livorpool to Australia, March 6, 8dcg. S" 27deg. W. TUB BOBMNO OP TUB BLUB JACKET-NOWS has boen received that one of the missing boats of tho Blue Jacket, from New Zealand, burned at sea, has boen picked up. There were only seven pooplo in it, and no mention 1B made of the 4,000 sovereigns which were put in the boat when she lett tbo Bluo Jacket. TUB LOSS OF TUB OMAR PASHA -A Cork newspaper states that the Augusta (Gorman brig) took on boaid from the Anita Tagliarla, on the 20th April, four officers and nine men of the burnt ship Omar Pasha, from Brisbane to London BAHÍA, April 28-Tho Explorer (British ship), from Liverpool to Melbouruo, came in collision, in lat. ISdog, S long. SOdcg. W., with tbe Bretagne (French brig), from Buenos Ayres to Bordoaux, whon the lattor vessel sunk. Tho rnostor, mate, and three other peisons wero drownod, the rost landed hero by the Explorer, which proceeded to Melbourne without coming to anchor._ 