THE CAPE GOLD FIELDS. The following letter appeared in a late Mount Alexander Mail from a miner who left Castlemaine for the above gold fields : " Natal, December 16, 1868. " I arrived here on the 12th inst. I told you in my last that Mauritius was dreadfully unhealthy. Three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately escaped. We were de tained a few days in consequence; but it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for to our great disgust we found that nearly all the reports we had heard regarding the gold fields were d d lies. The so-called diggings had been worked by 14 men for 12 months, during which time tlicy have only knocked oiitsomethree ounces of gold -distance certainly Jends enchantment to the view-for few here, appear to know anytning about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz frem which he said he could get 60 ounces to the ton, which I am sure would not go a penny weight . I think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely-looking stone, we failed to discover the g'host of a speck, nor could we find a single color on any of the lot he had. If ever a fellow deserves lynching he certainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of the opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came from Australia ; at any rate nothing like has ever been found before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told me that an English prospecting party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of a distance up country, quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions the last 400 miles. No chance of swagging* it here. It will cost £40 per man for the pur chase of waggon, bullocks, provisions, ect., consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appearance, and then try and join with them. In for a penny in for a pound; we are come so far and are bent on seeing a little of the country, but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again I say stay where you are. You remember Mount Hope rush, or Mount Hoax, as it was called. There is a good deal of ditto about this affair, something not quite the pure merino. By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but it wouldn't wash. The Kaffirs work for next to nothing*, 12s per month, and two feeds of sweet potatoes a day; and as for living being so very cheap, you can live as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing I have seen as yet-3d for 30 peaches and the same amount for 10 melons. . . . I will write as soon as ever I get a chance of doing so. I wish I was back in Guilford again; catch me coming on a wild goose chase again, that's all. Your's &c.;, HARRY WAY." 