MISCELLANEOUS. OFFICIAL DELAY.;-Some five or six years ago Captain Creighton, of a British steamer, j rescued, with great gallantry, a large number of United States'troops from death on board the shipwrecked'vessel San Francisco, on which they had been embarked. Congress voted him-a medal, in acknowledgment of his services-and to-day he is to get It. It has only tftken six or eight years to accomplish this little feat. How'fortunate it is in this country there is no such thing as redtape,but everything is done promptly-at just theright time and in just the right way: Whether Captain Greighton still lives, and is sufficient ly in possession of his meqiory to Tecolleot the sorvice for which he is to be rewarded so munificently, we c^imot gay, - Rem Yorjc j Ttrm. Scshb nr i.GjmaMtuf crous incident: occurred at "the theatre on Saturday night. A soldier, on whom the good intentions of the Saturday night liquor law had evidentlybeen thrown away, became excited daring the s rendition, of the play, the "Lancashire Iiass^" and made several times for the stage, where he wanted to collar die representative of Robert Redburn, whom he evidently considered the greatest villain un hung. He was several times pulled down into the pit from between the foot lights j but eventually, to restore the tranquillity of the audience, had to be carried out of the house. ?Toronto Globe, JSov. 16. GEOGRAPHICAL-"John, where is Alricar' " On the map, sir." " I mean on what con tinent-the eastern or western continent P 'V " Well, the land of Africa is in the easteijrr continent, but the people are all of 'em down south..'' How do the African people live ? " " By drawing." " Drawing what-water? .' "No, sir, by drawing their breath." " Sir down, John.5' " Thomas what is. the*equa tor?" " Why, sir, it is a horizontal pole running perpendicularly through the im agination of astronomers and old geogra phers/' " Gro to your seat, Thomas.*' " William Stiggs, what do you mean by an eclipse ?'' " An old racehorse sir?" " Si lence." "Jack, you are a scholar, what is an eclipse? " " An eclipse is a thing as appears when the moon gets on a burst, and runs against the sun; consequently the sun blacks the moon's face." Schoolmaster looks like thunder; Class dismissed. .; A BEBBON-LODGE EXECUTIONEB.-There is -no more rancour or malignity in th&mind; of the Ribbon executiner against the obnoxious landlord than there is in themindof the sports man against the doomed grouse. It is :a matter of business, nothing more. This is the pleasant way in which one of these gentry descants to MJ\ Trench upon his ^bootless efforts to shoot him:-" Do you remember, Sir, the night you were returning,-you and Morant and another chap " (my son)-" the day after they killed, old Bateson?-well Sir, there we were, lying behind a wall, deter mined to have you down, when those--polis came up and savedyou; we were angered that you should still be 'on the walk,'and the boys in Castleblayney got down a man that was not wanted nigh as much as you. And do you remember, Sir, the evening you were re turning home from Culloville, and two chaps riding, one on each side of you, and you with the big pistols in the holsters ?=-- and we let you pass that night to." ''And why did you mot fire?'' I asked. " Bedad we were afeard, ?ir,'' he replied ? " we heard how you could shoot a crow on a bush with a pistol, and that the other chaps were darlint shots too, and bedad we were afeared to fire lest maybe we'd miss you, and then we were sure to be dead men.!' " Then, my. always riding with armed men alongside of me was not a bad plan ?" said L "Bedad, if it hadn't been for that, you were a ghost long since, as sure as you're now flesh and blood! *' TBAPPING A YOTEB.-During the Cork County election a voter from Carbery, who was not accustomed to the exercise of the franchise, was prompted by his ardent attach ment for Mr. Downing to go into Bandon to vote for him. A person standing in the booth which he entered asked him, by way of j joke, to vote for Barry and Boyle, judging j from his emphatic observations that it was one of the last acts he would think of com mitting. The farmer got enraged at the pro I posal, and while the usual question was put, [" For whom do you vote ? " he kept re. peating in petulent tones, "Barry and Boyle, indeed!" The pole-clerk recorded it as a vote for those gentleman ; and when the ex cited elector discovered he had voted the wrong way and could not amend the error,he gave uproarious expression to his disappoint ment, and finally, as the story runs, knocked down the practical joker who had Entrapped him. CLERICAL WEJTING.-The Registrar-Gene ral of Births, Marriages, and Deaths in Eng land states, in a communication made to the Marriage Law Commission, that- the copies sent to him of registers of marriages solem nised by clergymen are so illegible, "owing* to the bad writing of the ecclesiastics,'' that names frequently cannot be read or are mis? taken, and consequently in the great general index errors oeeur, and when in after years the np,mes are searched for, spelt as they ought to be, they cannot be found. . He is obliged to enter many marriages with aliase^-^-rftther a disagreeable way of being registered. -He says that the civil registrars of marriage write more legible. He is1 rather alarmed at the proposal to authorise ministers of #11 deno minations to register marriages. : A Chicago paper'sketches the life of I^ncy Stone, and says, when her husband "proposed to her he said he wished her to become his wife on her own terms. She consented ? Jier terms being the retention of her nrairiftri n&me;, and the xenunciation on bis part ofpll his legal. rights and authority as a husband." It adds that" Lticy Stone- the name Mrs Blacwell always offends her- is very far from hgad» soi»e." A DIFFERENCE, 'Tis Jims High Churchman differs quit From "Ritualist defaulter, The one doth alter now his light, Tbe olker ljghfc Ms alter, Pios.rLi have been, looking at _oui fonr v swme.not of thelast lot, but those in process aft jfettamng. They lie among the clean rye-; stpawintbe sty, nestling close together; for : thw 'Seein to b.e beasts sensitive to the cola, j is a clear, bright, crystal morning, " coolnorth-west wind. So there lie these | fojirblack swine, as deep among the straw as they can burrow, the very symbols of sloth fulease and sensuous comfort. They are quick, to. notice any one's approach, and utter a low grunt thereupon-not drawing a breath for that particular purpose, but grunting with their ordinary breath.-at the same time turn ing an observant though dull and sluggish eye upon the visitor- They seem to be involved and buried in their own corporeal substance, and to look dimly forth upon the outer world . . . Anon, they fall asleep, drawing short .<4te»and heavy breaths, which heave their hugh sides up and down; but at the slightest noise they sluggishly unclose their eyes, and give another gentle grunt. They also grunt among themselves, without any external cause, but merely to express their swinish sympathy. X suppose it is the knowledge that these four grunters are doomed to die within two or three weeks that, gives them a sort of awfulness in my conception. It makes me contrast their present gross substance of fleshy life with the nothingness speediy to ^ come. Meantime, the four newly bought pigs are running about the eowyard, lean, active, shrewd, investigate ing everything, as their nature is. When I throw an apple among them they scramble with one another for the prize, and the success ful one scampers away to eat it at leisure. They thrust their snouts into the mud and pick a grain of corn but of the rubbish. No thing within their sphere do they leave un examined, grunting all the time with xnamte variety of expression^ Their language is the most copious of that of any quadruped, and, indeed, there is something deebly aud indefin - ably interesting in the swinish race. Haw thorn. M~_ ABOUT ON THE SUEZ CANAL.-it you happen to be a person whose good opinion is worth gaining, or whose good word will carry weight, you are certain to be invited to see the works at Port Said, and to be well feted into the bargain; and who can be very certain of what he sees after drinking two bottles of champagne ? ... at each stage you meet a body of workmen, shovel in hand, half a hundred tents, and even half a dozen houses, which take to pieces in a few minutes, and these accompany you throughout your entire journey. You land from, your steamer ; you admire the works ; you enter a neat-locking house, and there drink a bottle of wine and eat a crust of bread.. Scarcely have yoa turned your back then the village and work men take a short cut across country and await you at the next station. All the French have been taken in the same way, even the Prince Napoleon, who passes for being no fool \- amongst the., senators. A national idea! a. national speculation ! and, above all, the na tional wine ! What wonder, then, if one's head is a little turned. Sir Henry Bulwer, on his visit, provided himself with a knife and cut a notch in the chalet wherein M. de Lesseps had offered him the first breakfast, and all across the isthmus he found his notch accompanied him. At the last banquet when he took leave of the company, M. de Lesseps and his friends looked for some small compli ment, but all that they obtained by way of thanks was-" Messieurs, j'ai 1'honneur de vous faire observer que, si les diplomates ont une langue c' est pour se taire(if diplomatists have a tongue, it is to hold it). How TO GET WOBKDOUE.-Very late last autumn a brewer at Essen, Prussia, determin ed on enlarging his cellars, for which it was necessary to remove a considerable quantity of earth as quickly as possible, in order that the work mi^ht be finished before the winter. He accordingly engaged a good many men, but withont a proportional result, as they were all incorrigibly lazy. Suddenly, however, a new spirit came over them, and they began to work with a will; every man was at his place before the regular hour, and when the time for breaktast arrived they would hardly spare a minute even to light a pipe. The brewer looked on and rubbed his hands with a somewhat roguish expression in his eyes. * When the necessary depth had been attained, the men could hardly be induced to leave, and were anxious to dig deeper still. And what was the explanation of this curious psychological phenomenon ; the brew'er, cun ning man, had buried an old earthen pot near the-surface,- coutaining a slip of parchment bearing an inscription in antiquated writing, of which the following, may serve as a trans lation : " Much money here lies buried deep; Who digs and finds; the same may keep." SUGGESTIVE DISCOVERY.-e have a won derful account in the Indian journals of the contents of the stomach of a crocodile which was captured near Agra. The following is a true and correct list of the_various articles or extraneous substances which were found, and which had no business there:-About a dozen /* large bunches, pellets of hair (probably hu mian), 68 rounded pebbles averaging in size Ifj? from nearly three inches to one inch in dia meter, one large ankle bangle ring of mixed metal, 24 fragments, of various sizes, of vitre ous armlet rings, five fbronze finger rings, one small silver neckcharm, a sm≪ defaced silver coin, with a metal loop for suspension attacked tb it, one gold bead about one-thiirS ofia inch'sqnare, onelargish bfea&of; black stone veined with white, and, 30, small neck lace beads. All these things (barring the stones) it is taken for granted must have been the ornaments of some' woman, (if not more than one) who had been devoured by this monster- The skeleton of the crocodile was being prepared as a specimen for the Reddell Museum, Agra. SBMMABY JUSTICE.-Two pickpockets, who were caught plying their trade on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, were taken from the train by the.passengers and hung to a tree.-New York Times. . Members of the House of Commons will learn with regret that Mr Henry Ley finds himself unable to resume his well-known seat at the table of the House- in the approaching session. He will be succeeded by Mr Re ginald Palgrave, who has served with credit in different offices of the House, and is at present one of the Examiners for Standing Orders in both Houses of Parliament. -Times. Mas LINCOLN.-We are quite sure that even with the loudest demands for economy, aud the strongest opposition to unnecessary expen ditures, the American people will approve the passage of the Bill introduced in Congress (Jan. 24) by Senator Morton, to give a pension of $5000 per annum to the widow of the late President Lincoln.-New York Times. The nameof Mr Savage, a Fenian head centre has been submitted to Congress by the Presi dent as a United States Consul at Leeds, but it was not expected that the appointment would be confirmed. A verdict of £1000 damages has been found against the Great Northern Railway Company, for injury sustained by a youth of six'or seven years of age, who was knocked down in the street by a van belonging to the Company. The little difficulty which had arisen be tween Brother Ignatius and a Miss Robinson, respecting the possession of the new chapel in, the rear of his "monastry" at Norwich has been satisfactorily settled. Miss Robinson is to be allowed to preach, and Brother Ignatius has publicly stated that he sees " the image of Jesus very clearly reflected in her face and spirit.'' The services of the police had been at one time invoked by Brother Ignatius to clear the chapel. The distinction between the vero and the ben trovato made by the Italians is that of truth and good fictitious description. The stories of the two classes only differ in this, that the first often have an improbability which the second dare not reach. The true stories of absent men cannot be exceeded. We know the man who has-more than once or twice-put on his spectacles to help him to look for them. We know the man who bad forgotten the name of-say A, and the first time he met a man who knew it, burst out with " I have forgotten A's name; what is it We are inclined to believe, from the manner in which it first reached us, the anecdote of. Sir Thomas Strang^, the Indian Judge, who found, on paying a visit, that his friend was not in, and that he had forgotten his own name. I'll call again ; never mind my name. -Sir! master always likes to know the names of those gentlemen who call.-Why, to tell the truth, I have forgotten my name. That's strange, sir.-So it is, my man. You've hit it! -and he went away, leaving the ser vant quite in the dark. But we suppose the following anecdote of Robert Simson must be ben trovato, though the tradition is strong. He used to sit at his open window on the ground floor, as deep in geometry as a Robert Simson ooght to be. Here he would be accosted by a beggar; he vyould rouse him self, hear a few words of the story, make his donation, and dive. Some wags one day stopped a mendicant on his way to the window with, " !Now, do as we tell you and you will get something from that gentleman and a shilling from us besides. He will ask who you are and you will say Robert Simson, son of John Simoen, of Kirktonhill." That man did as he was told; Simson gave him a coin and dropped off.. He soon roused him self and said, " Robert Simson. son of John Simson, of Kirktonhill! why that is myself! That man must be an impostor!'' " On one of the warm days last week," says the Warmnambool Advertiser, "a very large number of salmon trout were caught in the Hopkins, near the bridge. Seven or eight boats were kept busily at work in a circle by their occupants, who trailed flies from the stern, and by this means caught an average of sixty or seventy fish for each boat. The majority of the fish weighed over lOoz. each.'' QUAKER SHREWDNESS.-A Quaker broker in New York having a bag of golden eagles (coins) stolen from his counter while he stepped into his back room for a moment, never mentioned the loss to anybody, but quietly bided his time. Several months after wards, a neighbor being in his office, care lessly asked, " Have you ever heard anything about that bag of eagles that you lost P"11 A<h, John !" exclaimed the Quaker, " thou art the thief, else thou couldest not have known any thing about it!'' The shrewd old Quaker was right, and the gold was restored with interest. NAVAL.- They have Been in the habit, for some time past, of using" Chilled shot" in' the navy; out of compliment to the present .First Lord, it is now to be called Childers' shot. 