THE SKELETON IN THE CLOSET. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. . Sir, — Tha night-soil of Melbeurne — what is to be done with it ? Can a city councillor enjoy rest or sleep with that ' skeleton in the closet ' eternally thrusting its unwelcome presence into view, without ever giving sign whereby its unquiet ghost may be consigned to the limbo of sanitary success ? The writer of a letter in one of your contemporaries ni-j ustly, I think, accuses the Town Clerk of recom mending the pneumatic tank process as an in vention of bis own, whereas, I apprehend, he merely proposed it us a means towurda the so lution of the difficulties which attend a pruc tioally satisfactory schome. I forget at this moment the name of the colonel who recommends the separate sewer system for night soil, bnt ns this is as y^t an untried system, I would advise a searching in quiry aa to its probable Buccess, I think it might answer ou some of our steep incline falls, bat over long fiat levels the excreta will moBt assuredly choke the pipes unless its passage is assisted with water, to which aid the colonel objects. But let ns suppose that the soheme would work, whore is it to fiad an outlet ? It 13 not to be emptied iuto the Yarra ; ia it pro posed to be emptied on the shoreB of the Bay ? If so. the affair will end in a wide aoread nuisance all along the nea-beaob. To return to tho To mi Clerk's . aoheme, I think it will involve a great amount of detail work on tho part of house tenants, so as not to recommend itself to tho public. I would suggest another method of dealing with this difficult subject, uud one that would not involve a large outlay, considering that if it be adopted the present surface sewago may be retained if the method I am about to propose he adopted ; and boar in mind, Messioura of the City Corporation, that I never yet saw er heard of a town or city which had, contracted an elaborate system of sewers, but what still had the skeleton in the closet in the shape of nuisance-giving outlets, poisonous up-draughts, through sinks and terri blo ofllnvium from drains. Tho grand and most recent sewers the world has yet »een since the Cloaca Maxima of Rome — tho London sewers — are noiv loudly complained of on the points named. Another thiug, the city is not over burthened with funds to undertake the con struction of a gigantic sewer system snch as is, I tUiuk, ooutemplatod. There is another thing to be rememUered : with tho exception of letting loose the daily water closet accumulations at midnight, I have no hesitation ia saying that all tho streets of Molbourne, or its suburbs, which I have been iu, they bear the palm of freedom from fonl Bmells and for general clean liness of streets. What dirt we do create, it is freely exposed to the absorbing powers of au atmosphere which from its dryness will render inocuous any amount of tilth we may venience demand that it shoild bo got rid of. I would, however, urge that our only present imperative sanitary necessity Jios in the nuiBance of the water- cloBet ; remove the contents of those on to our parks, market gardens and poor grazing lands, and we shall have us aweet a city as can possibly be. The city of Melbourne nnd its newly absorbed suburb, Carlton, in built on a succes sion of rolling laud, which afford good falls for draining to certain low-lying lands. At suit able places on theeo levels (of which tho S.W. side of Flindera-stroct would be tho moat impoitant), there should be built cemeDted tanks large enongh to contain the excrttal matter, together with the dos;t water service, for the streets they are intended to serve, through, cist iron pipes ; care being taken that the pipes be of sufficient diameter to prevent their being choked. If desirable the liquid portion of this closet sewage (if too abundant for the ordinary capacity of the tank?) might be made to overflow into filtering basins and then allowed to escape inocuously by the surface drains. In each tank there shonld be built cast-iron brackets to receive one or more upright four- inch cast iron pipes, the lower end to reach within six inches of the bottom of the tank, and the upper to be fitted to oonnect with the pneumatic Ir.ak hose lead iDg from the nir-exhaueted iron tank cart — which, by the bye, should all be on spriugs, otherwise the ordinary vibration would tend to loosen the riveted joints of tho tanks ao as to destroy tho vacuum. To create the necessary vacuum in the tanks, there should be stible and cart depots at suit able places, where a nmall steam engitio coutd not only work the air-pump at the time they would bo wanted, but they could also ba made to crtiHh oats and cut chuff for the horses em ployed. Let us suppose these preliminary arrangements made ; the carters would attach their tank-conneotins to the air exhaust pump, which, by n few strokes, would create the necessary vacuum in the strong, half-inch, one-ton capacity iron tank. The driver would then proceed to h'n appointed tank, put an iron lever through a sunk ring of the close fitted iron cover, fitted over the perpendicular foar inch pipe (already described), to the end of which he would then attach his connecting pipe, the cart end of which would be fixed to a four-inch valve; when, by opening the valve, the sewage (the most offensive part from the bottom of the tank, be it ob served) wonld then rush up into the tank, until the vacuum were destroyed, when the man would turn tho tank valve, disconnect the connecting hote, wash it out by means of a Yan Yeau tap close at hand, put on the ceBS pit cover, and drive off to the place of deposit ; when, by opening an atmospheric valve ut the top to give pressure, the contents of the tank would escape ioto the ready dng-open trench made to receive it by opf ning the escape valve. By means of tbis system, thus conducted, the whole of surrounding swamps could be let on easy terms to Chiuamen, when in a year they would be a perfect network of vegetable gardens. The above is easily within the means and working capacity of the City Cor poration. TOM ORINGLE. Melbourne, 15th February. 