THE DINNER. . Ox tho evening of the second day, tho raemhers an friends of the Association assembled together in th long-room of tho Freemason's Hotel, to discuss very excellent spread, prepared for the occasion b Mr. JAMES LAIRD. Owing to the state of the wcathc many were unavoidably absent, there being proser between thirty and forty persons. Mr. THOM." BAWDEN, J.P, (tho ,1'resident of the Association' occupied the chair ¡Vth'e vice-chair being Ailed by Mi Alderman T. G. HEWITT, the vice-President. Ample justice having been done to the vinndi champagno was called for, and toasts followed i quick succession. Tho CHAIRMAN said tho first toast it was customar on occasions such as the present, was one which WJ always drank with enthusiasm by British subjooti wherever assembled, and therefore there was n necessity for demitting them, but having charged thc! glosses, ho would \¡k llîcm to drink *' Thc Health c her Most Gracious \Majosty Queen Victoria." (Checrs) \ * 1 Tho CHAIRMAN ttfpn gave "Tho Health of th Prince of Walts ond\tho other members of the Boy« Family," coupling with it tho name of their distin guinhed visitor to tho colony at the present time " Prince Alfred "-who, until a few days ago, it wn thought quite possible might have been amongst then that evening, but his time had been so fully occupied having to dino'with members of the Ministry-Si: James Martin,MrMIenry Parkes,andothcrequallydis tinguished porsonYges^ptherwise he doubtless woult have been present at^their Exhibition that day (laughter)-ho might, however, come yet, as whatevei Fenians there mny Ufcnt Kiama, there was none on th< Clarence, and ho believed only tho gho»t of ono then -(laughter)-however, should ho come, every mar on tho Clarence would welcome him, and none mort so than tho members of tho Clarence Pastoral one Agricultural, Association-(cheers) j though ho wai sorry they had nbt had the great honor of exhibiting his Boyal Highness tq-dny, ns in that case, if th( residents would no^tura. out in the rain to look nt flu live stock shown, they would have done so to gnro al tho Prince, and thcnXjho Association would have hntl moro shillings to take; at tho gate. (Laughter.) He thought he need not make any further apology foi tho absence of-Iiis Royal Highness, but merely otk them to drink tlievtoast tn bumpers. Tlie toast was dronky with great enthusiasm, three cheers being given for tire Prince, and a groan for Mr. Parkes' ghost. \ Tho CHAIRMAN said ho was sure they would drink tho toast he was now about to givo quito as heartily as the last-it was the " Health of their Patron and tho Governor of tho Colony-tho Earl of Belmore. " Ho believed, wltii tho exception of the New South Wales Society, tho Clarence was tho only Agricul cultural Association In tho colony of which he was thc Patron, nnd it is possible that hud he not been detained in Sydney, owing.to tho visit of tho Prince, ho might hnvo been p'rpsent that tiny, as it was under- stood nono were more' anxious to visit tho Clarence district than his Excellency, Had his visit taken placo they might have had a live nobleman, if not a Prince, to exhibit. (Laughter.) lu tho last toast some allusion had been mado to FenianUm, ho might hero mention incidentally that tho Helen M'Qregor had just arrived from Sydney, bringing nows from England In twenty days-(cheers)-by which thoy wero informed that Whajnhj the assassin of Darcy M'Gco, had been executed In Canada, and as thoy wero now being brought so'near to England, ho thought If any FenianiBm existed there, he hoped tho colonists would soon put lt down, for though thoy might not succeed at first, th.»y would ultimately extinguish it altngothor, as ho did tho fire that evening with tho L'Extincteur, though in his first attempt with bis fire cngitio, owing to its having boen tampered with, ho had not been successful ¡ however, ho was travelling from tlîo toast, which wa» tho " Health of tho Earl of Belmore," Drank with musical honors. , Tho CHAIRMAN nostt called upon tho company to charge thoir glasso>, ns tho toast ho was about to proposo was ono that\ ho was suro nil present that evening would drink most cordially-lt was " Success to tho Ularenco Pastoral, ^Agricultural, nnd Horticul- tural Association." (Applause) Ho was not sur- prised at the clapping, aa nil present were hrnrty etippoitcis of tho Association, Ho would, before malting any remarks, read a note which had been handed to him, and which ho bcliovod tho writer had intended should bo made public-it was as follows : " Td TUB CHAIHUAN OF TUB AOMCULTUBAL SOCIETY, .' ' ' ' * GRAFTON. ' #-, >:;, "Grafton, 18th March. " Sin,-Being a -worm supporter of tho Institution, I wish to call-your attention to, tho charge of one shilling for entrance, which I believe is detrimental to tho best interest of tho Association. My view of tho position of tho Society is, thut.tho exhibitors should deposit their exhibits, and tho public should have free entrance to Inspect tho same after the Judges' inspection. I regret I cannot at this, your third anni- versary, bo present nt your dinner. ??<???" "I am, Sir, yours truly, * "I. 8.;DnEw." This was quite a novel'su-tgestion, and a new track altogether, as ho believed lt, was customary at all similar exhibitions to charge an admission fee to non- members, as if it were hot so, how could tho Asso- ciation bo supported, as to admit tho general public nat'subscrlbcrs to the Institution-ftee, would, in his opinion, bs detrimental rather than otherwise. »Though Mr. Drew, who was a supporter of tho Asso- ciation, ho felt sure was ^actuated by the best of motives in submitting his suggestion. True, on tho present occasion, they had not been su fortunate with their shillings, os just about the time for admission, that day, when largo numbers would hovo nttended, tliero was a regular down-pour of rain, and thus their takings at the gato had only amounted to about.£17, which under moro favourable circumstances, he fuit certain would not havo been less than £30-(hear, hear)-though tho officers of the Association were very thankful for the general support of tho public, as when the storm abated, ho was surprised to see eo .largo an attendance. Tho prizes paid over to success- ful competitors amounted to about £105-being about £80 short of -what was offered by tho Associa- tion for competition. Many things for which prizes were announced, ought to have boen exhibited, BB there? V.'BS not rf «Ingle article in the schedule open to competition, but what tho district was capable of producing, and he hoped the members of thc Asso- ciation would not only bccomccxhlbitors themselves, but would usetheir iuilucnce amongst their friends mid then in tho futuro thoy would have an Exhibition that would be a credit to the Clarence district. Thc chair- man then alluded to a subject which he said would have to bc taken up before the next annual meeting and tho sonner tho better-it was thc question of fencing and improving thc grounds of thc Association, thus making permanent provision for stock and exhibits that would bo satisfactory aliko to tho exhibitors as well as to tho Society, and towards ? which there would by a balance In hand, and though not so much as £60, ns ho had mentioned when dis- tributing tho prizes* still these would bo £20, which would be n very pico Xlittlo nest egg, as the old .women would say, nrftl the bes* thing the now com- mittee could do would be to set to work at once nnd get more eggs to add to it \and thou instead of two persons only being able to \ompeto for tho right to thc show being held nt thcu\premiscs, it would bo open to ovcry innkeeper in the town to buy tho right to occupy a booth for the accommodation of tho public on tho grounds of tho Association. [A Voies ! Then charge ls. a nobbler.] (Laughter.) It was not - fair to ask any ono to pay a large sum for the right of having tho Exhibition, and then require them to erect yards-some pinn ought to bo devised to corry out this desirable object without delay, so that thc next Exhibition cou'.dbeheldon'hogrounds of tho Associa- tion ; but beforennythingcouldbo undertakcn.trusters would have to bo appointed, which should bo dono forthwith, and then they could go on improving tho ground, towards which two gontlemon had promised £20. Ho would now ask them to drink " Success to the Clarenco Agricultural, Pastoral, and Horticultural Association." Tho toast was drank with onthu-iasm. Thc CMAIIIMAN said tho next toast he wis nbout to propose, was one ho felt certain they would all drink most heartily, it was thc " Health of Mr. James Page, their Secretary," os without him tho Association would not succeed ; though ho looked and ho was almost sure felt, quite tired, and anxious to get homo that evening, therefore he would not detain them by any lengthy remarks-they all knew him as well as he (thc chairmnn) aid.'lio Vfpuld therefore ask thom to drink the health of l^Ir.-Jnmes Page in bumpers. Thc toast was draak with musical honors. Mr. JAMES PAOE, w-fip on rising, was loudly cheered, snid ho understood that that evening there was to ba no speech making, nor was ho about to attempt it, but there were ono or two facts in connection with tho Exhibition, which he would wish to mention, to dis- prove what had boen remarked by one or two that tho show was poor and paltry. Now ho found that tho entries of llvo stock were no less than 213-nnd in addition to that number twenty-six others competed for spécial prizes ; whilst in tho products and manu- facturing classes, there were 256 entries-making in all nearly 600 exhibits for the judges to examine. This year they had had many difficulties to contend with, on the port of the peoplo themselves. For oxnmple-ono man,\in examining tho cut flowers, re- marked, " he had got bettor., flowers growing in his garden." Anothcrr "better\corn than that ex- hibited ; " but when asked why they did not oxhibit, cooly replied, " they dicV not think it worth while." Hnd any stranger visited the Exhibition that day, he could not but havo been struck with astonishment at tho noble lot of animals shown. There were those five splendid draught heises dressed up and paraded round beforo thc judges-whero could another district out of Sydney bc found that could show such stock ; then the blood stallions, and these only formed part of a class, as there wcro tho yearlings and two years old. The value of such animals, were best known by tho caro their several owners took of them-each horse having a man to look after him. Truo they had few vegetables shown, not oven a cabbage in this fino district, but theio wore sugar canes, of different varieties, fibres, bananas, Sec., by cultivating which, thc farmers might ensure a competency and a fortune in a few years, if they only knew lt. Talk of grow- ing corn at 2s. per 'bushel, why by cultivating a qur.rtcr of tho land with somo of theso products, they could produce fivo times aiL'irnuch. [A voico ! Let them try.] At all events tjioso articles show tho resources of the district, 'and"on tho whole, ho con- sidered tho Exhibition n great success. Tho speaker then alluded to tho nrduoiiVduticB that devolved upon the judges, mon who wcro selected from a number, for their skill and competency, and they had a right to regard them as honest men. In giving their decisions they might possibly, in somo instances, bo mistaken in their judgment, but no exhibitor had a right to question the decisions, but should accept tho same, and still rcgnrd tho judges ns having been honest and conscientious in their award. (Hear, hear). If any of thc judges thought that by their decision, they would be charged with dishonesty, they would never obtain tho services of gentlemen, to act as judges, they should thtroforo accept tho decisions, whatever they might bc, as a matter of consequence, and deal with them accordingly. At this their third Exhibition, it was Vulto evident tho Association was assuming a form \nd shnpo that could not bo worked on IIB present basis, for till connected with its management were knocked'-up-and there must in future bo a division of labour'; and a regular sot of officers ; as tills was not a^chatitablo Institution, but an Association, the establishment of which was for thc benefit of tho wliolo district. During tho present year, tho committee would have to tako ,. possession of tho land, and devise means for tho fencing in of tho ground and tho erection of sheds, Sic.-£100 at least would be required to bo so expended, and then next year tho Association could hold their fourth Exhibition on their own ground, which would bo moro pleasant ; tho Society would then continua to grow, to that lu a few years their Exhibition would bcoomo ono of tho most important in tho Northern districts, and a credit to tho Clarence, (Hear, hear). \ Tho VicB-CiiAinMAN sahl ho Jind a toast to propose, it was that of a gentleman who had been conncotcd . with tho Association from Its infancy, and ho believed ho WAS tho principal man tilt ; ha had much pleasure In asking them to drink tho\¡; Health of Mr. Tilomas Bawden, J.P., tho President of the Association." (Hear, hear). Tho toast was drank willi cheers, thc company Binging *' Ho's a jolly good fellow." Mr. THOMAS BAVUBK, J.P" said In tho first pince ho had to thank theft worthy Vieo-Presldent for tho mnnnor lu which ho lf«d proposed lils health, and tho company for tho hcorty rrlçnncr In which they hod rospondod to tho snmoAAlHhnt ho had done, ho felt lt to bo only his dtttyX to assist In advancing on Association that was destined to help forward tho district. (Hear, hear,) When first elected President, ho comldcred it was an error, and that ho was out of place la that ofilcc, ss tho person who ocoupiod tho ; position of President of sucli Associations waa generally expected tn como out with tho "dubs," i which ho was notMn nt,position ta do, but ns ho promised thom whoiYclcctcd\as ho could not do that, ho would endeavour-to moko bp for lt, by dovotlng as much of his tttno toMno onrrylnn on of tho Associa- tion, ns ho could «pan-yhnw far ho hail fulfilled that promise, ho mist leave them to judge At their next meeting) he thought some one elso ought to be elected to HU the office-(Cries of "No, no.") At tho prosont time ho held two offices-that of President nnd Treasurer of the Association-tho duties of whioh ofllocB ought not to go together. Tho President should not havo much to do-their should, as their worthy socretary romnrkcer-be a grouter division of labour. He did not think it was the duty of a Presidont to be engaged running about tacking up cards, though he did not mention tills for tho sako of trumbling, but ho thought others ought to fall in, and D a share off the work. By appointing somo ono else to the,, office of President, it would glvo a greater impetus' to tho Association, as whether an officer or only a humblo mcnibor,'ho should continuo to do lils utmost to advanco the.Association and district. Tho President then alluded to special prizoshnvlngbeen given during tho last two years, and hoped that thooxample. of theirVice-Prosident,andMr.Thomns Small, In follow- ing thlscoursowould induceothcrstocomeforwatd and offer special prizes, as was tho case in other parts of tho colony. For many exhibits tho' prize offered by the Association was not largo, but by tho schcdulo hoing supplemented in thiB way, many moro might bo induced to exhibit. Before sitting down thoro was a toast, which should have boon given boforo his, it was that of " Tho Judges." Ho was quite suro thero wan no ono) who tn their hearts felt but that tho Judges had dono their duty, and given their decisions concientiously -fair and honest as bolweon tho Exhibitors themselves 1 and botween tho Exhibitors and tho Association, and he hoped choy would not hoar any complaints, as if so, it only reflectcd\tpon themselves, as tho election of thb^'utlgcs rostod with the members of tho Assocl ntion,-and<.lf they JsfKii takone or two to do, they ought not tb complaw^ftcnvntd", though he would prefer to soo a larger attendance of metnbors at tho meetings when the schedule was being prepared, and and tho judges appointed. He had much pleasure in asking them to drink the Health of the Judges, coupling with it the name of Mr. Ralston. The toast was drank with enthu-iasm. Mr. W. H. RALSTON, of Geergarow, begged to return thanks on behalf of his brother judges, and to the company for coupling his name with the toast. He was almost an entire stranger amongst them, and this was the first of their Exhibitions at which he had been present, and he must say he was much pleased and surprised at the number and quality of the stock exhibited ; but he was sorry to see so few present that evening, as the great success of these Associations was in the sociality of the members-- and more especially at convivial meetings such as these, when suggestions were often thrown out, which when acted upon were found to be most beneficial ; he could not therefore help expressing his surprise that more of the judges and those who take an interest in the success of the Association had not made it a point to attend. Ho had been connected with a similar Association in Ayrshire, and with the Highland Society in Scotland, with societies in this colony, Tasmania, and Victoria, and though he felt the Association must first crawl before it could run, still there were many improve- ments necessary, which if only a few of the influential rcsidents would meet togother might soon be arranged, and thus the Association would progress at once, and he for one should be happy to attend such meeting. (Cheers.) Tho VioE-CirAiUMAN gavo "Tho Health, of tho ' Stewards." Tho office was ono that trenched a good deal on the timo of tho gentlemen who undertook tho duties, involving considerable labour, and they wero therefore well entitled to their thanks. Tho toast having been drank. Mr. J, GitEnoit, the chief steward, returned thanks, He said but for tho rain tho funds of tho Association would< hnvo been much Improved, ns lt was, many of tho fair sex could not attend, nnd when tho ladies were not able toapin in any movement, ns they wero all well nworo, ovorytvhingjjioes wrong. (Laughter.) Tho exhibits woro (arger, and liq believed tho arrangements mado by tho stewards had given satisfaction. (Hoar, hoar.) On behnlf or\himsolf and brother stowards ho begged to thank thomX'.. Tho VICE-PRESIDENT then gavo tho " Health of the Ladies." Responded to by Mr. J. QUEOOH. Tho CHIEF STEWARD then gavo tho " Health of tho Host nnd Hostess." Mr. Laird had dono his best in fitting up and making arrangements for tho show, even beyond tho expectations of the committee, whilst every ono about tho placo liad mndo themselves tnoht agreeable and obliging, nnd Mr. Lnitd hud added to their comfort by tho very excellent spread of which they had partaken that evening ; ho was suro they would drink the toast of thc host and hostess, in bumpers. Tho toast was drank with enthusiasm. Mr. JAMES LAIIID returned thanks. It was tho first timo he had had anything to do with tho Exhibition, nnd ho did not repent it-(hear, hear)-it afforded him the greatest pleasure that ho had been enabled to give them satisfaction. On behalf of Mrs. Laird and him . self ho begged to thank them. Tho CIIAIHMAN gavo tho " Health of the Successful Exhibitors." Ho thought the competitors were entitled to such a toast, as if tho amount of tho prizo did not çlvo thom encouragement, drinking their healths might, as he was suro it was not for tho money but tho honor they compotod. (Hear, hoar.) Thc toast having been drank, after repeated calls, Mr. J. E. CHAPMAN rose. He thanked them for tho way In which they had responded to tho toast, though he could not express what ho would Uko to soy and felt at having been successful in carrying off a prizo. (Hoar, henr). Mr. J, MILLEU, JUN., of Ulmarra, as a successful competitor also returned thanks. Mr. Alderman F. LAYTON gavo tho " Health of tho Vice-Chatrmnn\\-Mr. Aldormnn T. G. Howitt," n gentleman who liad always taken an interest in the Association, and doue muçlrUo add to tho conviviality of tho gathering thaVovcnjtigVJjy tho manner in which ho filled tho vice-chair. \ Tho toast having berni drnnk with cheers, Mr. Alderman T. G\ HEWITT acknowledged the compliment. Hitherto ho had dono very little, but ho hoped to do moro in tho future. Thero woro many things which ho believed would bo beneficial to tho Association, and which ho intended bringing forwnrd at tho proper timo ; and ho hoped that others who could make any suggestions that would bo an improvc ment would do so. Mr. W. H. RALSTON, gavo " Tho Press," and pointed out tho blessings conferred by a freo Press, and ho would ask thom to couplo with tho toast, tho name of Mr. R, Stevenson. Tho todst having been drnnk. Mr. R. STEVENSON roturncd thanks, and mado some allusion to a mistake which ho folt suro had not boon made intentionally, but was an orror of judgment on tho part of tho committee, to call upon tho repre- sentatives of tho Press, to pay for admission, in order to bo present to report that evening's proceedings, and characterised tho act as both novel and very unusual. Ho mada this allusion, not because of tho amount, but of the principio ¡ as tho courso adopted was certainly nSl on^lciWing-'to foster a froo and unfettered Pross. (Heir, hoar. J\ o v\ Mr. PAOB drew attention to'tnpTnodol of a plough, in tho room, which ho said if lt had boon exhibited, would havo Interested atvleaat two hundred persons. Mr. RALSTON explnlnott* thnt it would havo been placed in tho Exhibition, but that Mr. Houison, who brought it into town, from tho Llttlo River, arrived too lato. Mr. JAMES CAMERON, of Smith's Flat, considered tho modol was excellent, and ho was suro that tho man who mndo lt, was cnpablo of manufacturing one on a larger sotilo, with whioh in this district, he (Mr. Cameron) could make a fortune. By directing atten- tion to it, tho owner might noxt year be induced to turn his attention to tho manufacturing of other agri- cultural implements. Ho had thercforcmuch pleasure in proposing tho " Health of Mr. Poter Roberts, the maker of tho modol plough." Tho toast was heartily rosponded to. Mr. ROBERTS, in thanking thom said thero was nothing in tho lino of agricultural Implements but what he onuld manufacture, from tho plough to tho reaping machine, and if any ono thought ho could make a better, ho would oven mako a better still. Ho novor intendod it for exhibition, but was mado in-lils sparo time, and given as n prosont to Mr. Houison, his employer, Ho thanked thom fur the manner in whioh they had responded to tho toast, Mr. J, E, CIIAI-MAN said boforo thoy parted, thero WM ono other toast, it was tho "Health of tholr Chairman," who had added much to tho harmony of tho mcoting that evening. Drank with musical honors. Mr. T. BAWDEN, J,P. said ho did not think it fair; they had drnnk his health once, fur though thoy wore nil very tired and anxious to got homo, yot lt seemed to him, ns if thoy wero nbuut to begin again by drinking his health doublo, however, ho thankod thom heartily and congratulated thom ou tho very ploasant evening thoy had spent, Boforo parting, ho wished to say a word or two about tho absoneo of certain gentlemon, for as it hud boen romarkod, tho Associa- tion loould not suoocotl, UIIIOSB tho members would nsscmblo togother, and glvo expression to tholr views, as by so doing, some idoos might bo thrown out quito now to many of thom, whioh might duilntt tho yoar havo boen tried nnd worked out satisfactorily, to tho turnout or tho wholo district, but If kept In tho bosom of ono man, of what good would they bo, Many of those absent might think themselves too good, but in an ABSociatlbn of this kind.ono man was as good os, another, though by that ho did not mean that they could expect eVry^Oiitlemnn to bo high fellow weil met at all tlmea\i¿n>eVry member of tho Association, but that they counl attend at gatherings suoh ns^thnt evening, and pasB^fthat appears to bo tho Rubicon of Socioty in tho place, nnd glvo forth their opinions for tho benefit of all. Ho hoped at their next annual meeting, those who were absent that evening, would bo present, ns ho for ono regretted thoir absence, and he fuit certain. suchYcellruj. wns shared in by many others then "Vsácmblcd. \\(Honr, hear.) Ho again begged to thank them tor the manner in which they had drank his health, and would now wish them all a very " good night." \ Tho «liólo nffulr pBBsrd\>iT with thc greatest oclut, it being quito midnight before tho company broke up, all being evidently delighted with tho success that had attended thc third Exhibition of tho Clarence Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Association, 