SYDNEY P UNCE AND CHRISTMAS.. THE Christmas number of Sydney- Punch isone of unusual excellence. The cartoon represents about a score of the political and. religious celebrities of New South Wales in happy union, each vieing in demonstrative aflection towards Sovereign Punch—who is. ascending the throne, shepherded by Messrs. Macleay and Martin, and attended upon,, of course, by that prince of good fellows, and keenest of wits, as court jester, Mr. Dalley,. and also by Toby. The ghost and " Parkes" in appropriate contiguity, Messrs. Duncan, and Eagar in happy fraternity, and Dr. Barker tenderly embracing his Arch-Bishop and entwining the demure Dr. Lang. Like our own Melbourne Punch, his Sydney brother has had to wage war upon base and shallow humbugs, and the profligate prostitution of high places. He thus moralises on the year's retrospect:— "He will reverence Christmas by dismissing the Legislative Assembly l'rom his thoughts. Begone Ministers! _ To" your homes members of the Opposition! Aiid thou, mightiest of all partisans, oh! ghost bf buried Fenian, who will assurcdly not .jDe forthcoming at the general .tesuirection^aisappear! and let us pass the-last .calrn daySiPf •the dying year unvexed by the noise and tumult of those saddening politics, which make life so weary, and almost kill hope. Mr. Punch has much to congratulate himself upon in ' his retrospect. He Jias fought through the year that is nearly done the good fight of reason against passion, of '..ttiitji against brutal injustice. He has pierced* the with the keen steel of humour the black hearts that nourished vengeance—he has mounted guard over the citadel of religious liberty when the guardians slept, and- .the enemy wasat the gates. He kept his headwhen some solemn men lost theirs -; and lieknbws that- there are thousands of all; creeds,' and opinions, and tastes in the country who tpoi)i' this. The work to be done was lioh^flay work. It was to chase away the gathering gloom on the faces and about the'Iiearis of thousands; it was to -Jransfbrmfelloyvs*wlio •wished to be assassi^ofjomv'pe^^tgjnugj^drariatic lmiiibugs';, it was to , ^tjGapk-iJie minds of those who bropdpd j over: schemes i>f vengeance by pictures of overpowering, "and yet merciful ridicule. It wgfc.the J^dtklof ~ the man who laughs among savages; 'wllilfe'At any instant the club may 'tall'upcto to^ndy To-xlay every journal in the-colony is aSsisting in this great and noble work ; but for months (with ono lieroic exception, Mr. Punch's independent and brilliant contemporary, the JEmpire) Mr. P. stood, and dared, and fought, and conquered alone. There are hundreds— people of influence, of malignity, of dark and dangerous ignorance, who would be grateful for Mr. Punch's humiliation, and go into ecstacies of joy over liis grave. The base, the cowardly, the uncultivated in lofty station, all these, infinitely more worthy to be described as the 'dangerous classes' than thieves and vagrants (for the former arc the pickpockets of a nation, and the swindlers of the public treasury)—all these would look upon Mr. Punch's fall as sweeter than life." All hail! Sydney Punch ! and may your chivalrous ana generous work continue until the best wishes .of every true Australian be accomplished, and the crown of myrtle encircle jour venerable brows at the bidding of admiring myriads. May we, too, have opportunities of wishing you many A HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 