News and Notes. [BY A SYDNEY MAN] Tuesday, December 7. MY last communication was on the 10th No-<*> vember—nearly a month ago—and if I were to attempt to summarise all that has since occurred here, of a public nature, the attempt would be a miserable failure. Tour readers are aware that the Parliament waa prorogued in haste, and that the writs for the new elections were issued in an unusually short apace of time afterwards. They are all made* returnable on the 24th January next, which would make the full apace of five yeara since the return of the writa for tbe last Parliament. The first nomi nation was for East Sydney, and took place on the 2nd instant. Up to almost the last day it was not certain that Martin or Parkes would come out for this constituency, as Parkes had addressed his old constituents at Kia-na, and Martin was up for Newcastle, being opposed there by Mr. Lloyd; and as Mr. Charles Cowper had consented to come forward into political life again, and stand for Ea9t Sydney, there seemed very little doubt, in most quarters, that the Ministerial party would be triumphant. But never, so far as my experi ence goes here—and it extends over the whole period since Responsible Government has been established— was any expectation doomed to greater disappointment. Eleven candidates were nominated for East Sydney, and the polling took place on the 4th in stant. There were then in the field Mr. Cowper, Mr. Parkes, Sir James Martin, Mr. Neale (one of the late members), Mr. David Buchanan, Mr. King (a highly respectable Sydney merchant), Mr. Salomons (barrister), Mr. R. A. Hunt (formerly of the Post-office), Mr. Alderman Steel, and two " duffers," of whom it ia not necessary to take any further : notice. During the whole of the polling day , the activity of the various committees was in- j tenae ; but before the close it became quite ap parent to keen observers that the organiaation ' on the part of the Martin-Parkea party i waa by far the most efficient. The elec- j tion evidently turned upon the Fenian and anti-Fenian cries, and Parkes was ', now making play for the prize which he had ■ all along had in view ever since he stimulated I that " ghost" panic of which your readers have I no doubt heard so much. He had on his side the Orangemen (of whom I understand that i there are aeven lodges in Sydney), the "Pro teatant Political Association," and, I am told, ! the Political Temperance Society. It was all a j gross humbug, no doubt; for many of the leading persona denounced by these parties I know to be, like myeelf, thoroughly English and Protestant, and thoroughly loyal to the Queen .and to Britißh institutions, while, on the other hand, Parkes had fraternised with the incipient Fenianiam of Gavan Duffy, j and Buchanan had, little more than two | years ago, delivered in Sydney a lecture ' on «The Wrongs of Ireland," rampant I ♦ with treason and the most violent language against^he rule of England. As the polling day grew* to a cloße, the interest became moat ' intense. A telegram brought the intelligence from Newcastle that Lloyd had beaten Martin there by a majority of 83, but still the i-eport gathered strength that the Martin party would be found victorious in East Sydney. It had been expected that the atate of the poll would be declared at half-past 6 o'clock, but up to half past Bit was still a matter of speculation. At that time all the apace in Hyde Park from the hustings, near the Prince Conaort'a statue, to Market-street, waa one dense sea of human heads. The Herald thinks that there were twenty thousand present; but although I don't think there were so many, the crowd waa not far short of that number. The people behaved very well, and were singing good- humored songs—only two or three single combats occur ring; but I fancy the reason of this was that both parties thought they would win. At length, at nearly 9 o'clock, the Returning-officer, Mr. Archibald Thompson, came up on the hustings hurriedly, and, after a brief conaulta tion with the Inspector- General of Police, Captain M'Lerie, announced that the whole of the returns were not yet examined, and the poll would not be declared until next morning. I and others guessed at once that the Parkes party were victorious, and that this postponement had been judiciously made to avoid a riot. I certainly think that if the true atate of affairs had been declared then and there, and especially if Buchanan had broken out into the furiouß abuse of the Catholics and their clergy which he indulged in next day, there would have been fearful work amongst the eighteen or twenty thousand excited men present. In fact, so much apprehension was entertained on this score that the troops were kept under arms in caae of necessity, though I don't think that i such a necessity as that could be likely, as we i have a rather formidable police force in Sydney. ! However, the crowd quietly dispersed, and were not Buffered to remain long in suspense. They were addressed by Parkes and his friends from the balcony of their com mittee rooms, at Punch and M'Grath's Hotel, and at once informed that Martin and Parkes were triumphant, while Mr. Cowper waa defeated altogether. Many were utterly incredulous, but the statement proved quite true. The following were the numbers, as declared next day:—Parkes, 3397; Martin, 3158; Buchanan, 2765; King, 2682. These four, therefore, were the Buccessful candidates. The others were-—Cowper, 2548; Salomons, 2106 ; Neale, 2071; Steel, 759 ; Hunt, 742. The excitement during the whole of Thurs day night, was tremendous. Parkes and his friends got the German band and accompanied Martin'a carriage to the wharf, to meet him on hia return from Newcastle, which occurred at about 1 in the morning. The news was of course very welcome to Sir James Martin, and his party, after he and Parkes had harangued them, escorted them with the band playing, to his residence at Potta' Point. The official declaration of the poll passed off very quietly next day—in fact the postpone ment had, so to speak, broken the fall; bnt Buchanan delivered auch a speech as I never before heard in my life, so vile, insulting, and gratuitous was it in its insults to the Roman Catholics and the priests. And yet this very man, three or four yeara ago, published a pamphlet at Maitland, in which he eulogised the Catholic priesthood in the most fulsome manner, describing the late Father Therry as something barely below an angel; denouncing the " robberies " committed by the Protestants upon the Catholics, and designating his present leader (Sir Jamea Martin) a " shal low-pated pretender." Of a verity, we have a " rum lot" to govern ns! I hear, and can very well understand, that Mr. Cowper was deeply wounded by bus defeat; but not more than Mr. Robertson was, for he had urged Mr. Cowper to come forward. The election for Paddington took place on Friday, when the Secretary for Works, Mr. Sutherland, a most worthy, honeßt man, was returned with out opposition. To-day the nomination for We?t Sydney has taken place. It was expected that Dr. Lang would have come for ward, or at least been nominated, as (in reply to a large requiaition) he had intimated his willingness to sit if elected. I must tell you I had heard that the Doctor, if he did go into Parliament again, would hare pre ferred going in for Mr. Robertson's late district of the Clarence, and then going home to Eng land to advocate the erection of the Clarence district into a separate colony! 3e thia as it may, however, the authoritiea of the Presby terian Church were, I know, opposed to Dr. Laug, or any of their clergy, going into Parliament again, and the result is that Dr. Lang has again withdrawn. Mr. Bowden has been elected for the Clarence to-day, unopposed. The nominations for West Sydney today were, Messrs. W. R. Campbell and* J. Robertson, on the Miuistt rial side; Mr. A. H. Richardson, formerly Manager of the Joint Stock Bank, on his own hook ; and Messrs. J. Wearne, W. C. Windeyer, G. Eagar, and W. Speer, aa the Opposition " bunch." The polling takes place next Thursday, and I believe the balance of opinion is to the effect that the Martin-Parkes party will gain another viotory. I have much to aay which I mußf postpone until Tuesday next. In the meantime I give you the results of the Mackinlay trials, in which sentences were pronounced this day, I quote from thia afternoon's Evening News: — " Before Mr. Justice Cheeke. " Denis Mackinlay, Patrick Mackinlay, Jamea Rogers, George O'Brien, and Alexander Shaw, convicted of conspiracy to defraud, were brought up at the Central Criminal Court for sentence. " Denis Mackinlay said he never intended to defraud hia creditors. If he had liked he might have sent £20,000 worth of goods away and then made his escape. All he did was to endeavor to raise money, in order to meet his liabilities. He was only sorry that through anything he had , done those other men had been brought into i trouble. He never had any fraudulent intent. *' Patrick Mackinlay sent a written statement up to His Honor, in which he stated that he had nothing whatever to do with the action of his brother. He heard nothing of his brother's speculation until the thing was completed. He (Patrick Mackinlay) waa carrying on businesa in Brisbane. He had by honesty, perseverance, and induatry, established one of the best busi nesses in the city, clearing £1500 a year. While in Brisbane, he heard of hia brother having bought a vessel, and thinking the specu lation involved too much risk, resolved to come to Sydney, and see about it. He did so, but when he arrived here he found that the goods had all been bought, and that the Snowbird waa nearly laden. He, therefore, consented, and according to instructions proceeded to Cleveland Bay, and thence overland to the Gulf of Carpen taria, where, shortly after his arrival, he was in formed of the failure of the firm. He then returned to Sydney. He had not the slightest intention to defraud any of his creditors, or in any way to act dishonestly. " James Rogers also handed a statement to Hia Honor, in which he aaid he waa a perfect stranger to Mackinlay, but waa employed by him as an agent to get a vessel to go to New Zealand. He procured the Welcome Home, and at Mackinlay's request superintended the loading of her. He had no guilty knowledge of any of the dealings of Mackinlay. All he did j in the matter was under instructions from Mackinlay, as his agent. He never committed or intended to commit any fraud. " George O'Brien said he was an utter-stranger to Mackinlay until the time of the present transaction. Mackinlay told him that he was going to send a vessel and cargo to Sweer's Island, and that he wanted him (O'Brien) to take charge of the store there. He consented to do ao. He waa afterwards told by Mac kinlay that Mr. Sayera and Captain Smith had told him that he would not be acting wisely to send the goods to bo narrow a market as Sweer's Island, and he therefore determined to send some of the gooda to New Zealand. He, however, found out on inquiry that drapery gooda would not find a market in New Zealand. He then sent them to Melbourne and employed him (O'Brien) to take charge of them and sell them, for which he was to have 5 per cent, commission. He did bo, aud Rogers accom panied him. He had not done a single thing in the matter that he would not do again to- j morrow were he at liberty. i " Alexander Shaw aaid he was employed by Denis Mackinlay, at the rate of £14 per month, to command the Snowbird, which was then about to sail for Sweer's Island. He signed for the goods, but afterwards told Mackinlay that he believed he had signed for more goods than he waa able to carry. Denis Mackinlay told him not to mind, that he would send the reßt of the gooda on to Sweer's Island by the next vesael. He (Shaw) atarted away from Sydney, and reached Cleveland Bay, where he sent a telegram to Mackinlay in Sydney that he had arrived. Patrick Mackinlay afterwards came up from Sydney, and he (Shaw) went away for Sweer's Island. He proceeded on his course all right till the unfortunate occurrence of the burn ing of the ship. He then came back to Cleve land Bay, and telegraphed to Mackinlay that the ship had been burnt, but received no answer. Shortly afterwards he was arrested. " Hia Honor said the jury had found all the prisoners guilty of this conspiracy, and he had no alternative but to pass sentence upon them. He then sentenced each of the prisoners to be imprisoned in Sydney Gaol for the period of two years. " Denis Mackinlay, convicted of fraudulent in solvency, was then brought up, and sentenced to thiee years' imprisonment in Sydney gaol, the sentence to commence at the expiration of the former sentence. "James Rogers and George O'Brien, convicted of a breach ofthe 7th section of the Insolvent Act—viz., fraudulently assisting to remove and conceal certain goods with intent to defraud the creditors in the estate of Mackinlay Brothers, were also sentenced to three yeara' imprison ment in Sydney gaol. " His Honor said the point < -eserved by the counsel for the prisoners would be argued before the full Court, but he was bound to pass sentence. " Before His Honor Mr. Justice Faucett. "Alexander Shaw, convicted of burning the ship Snowbird, was brought up for sentence. Prisoner repeated the statement he had previ ously made before Mr. Justice Cheeke. "His Honor sentenced the prisoner to two years' hard labor in Sydney gaol. " Mr. Butler, Crown Prosecutor, asked His Honor if the sentence was to commence at the expiration of the sentence pronounced by Judge Cheeke. " His Honor said the sentence waa to com mence at the present time, it is therefore con current wish the former sentence. QTJKBir V. BOTJRXB. " James Bourke, charged with concealing and removing portion of certain goods with intent to defraud the creditors in the estate of Mac kinlay Brothers, waa remanded on bail, himself in £600 and two sureties in £300 each, until {he next sitting of the Central Criminal Court." 