BOIREE AT:81 S. ANDREW'S CIIUROI, YABS. (From as . l Courier.) Ox Tuesday evening the annual soiree in connection with St. Andrew's Ohurch, was held In a marquee close to the building. There was a very large attendance. The tables were well supplied by ladles of the congregation with the usual dainties, and were decorated with numerous bouquets. B Shortly before seven o'clock the publlo meeting was opened in the church, and soon after the pro. tendings commenced, the building was nearly flled there could not have been much less then a hundred and twenty persons present, the chief portion' of whom were ladies. The tev. John Gibson occupied the chair.; On his left were the'Rev, Mr. MacLray Presbyteran), the Ven. Archdeacon Lillingston Church ofrEngland), and the Rev. Mr. Dowson Wesleyan Methodist.) At a later hourin the even. Lg Mr. W. Davies, of Goulburn, joined the meeting. The.proceedings.were commenced by singing the 100th.Psalm; after which the Rev. Mr. Msckrsy engaged in prayer. This being concluded, the choir sang Ilow Beautltul Upon the Mountain,to harmon. lum accompaniment.' I The Rev. Chairman sald they had met that even. ing to celebrate their anniversary soiree, and he was glad to see on the occasion so good a muster of Pres. byterians and other Christian friends. And he was also glad to see ministers of other denominations who were a host In themselves. They had refreshed the body at the tables in the tent adjoining the church, and had now come there to refresh the mind by listening to addresses which would be Interspersed with sarred songs., lIe had received letters from the Rev. Mr. Gordon of Taralga, excusing his absence on account of III health, from' Mr. Fitzerald, who was supplying Mr. Gordon's pulpit; elso from the Presbyterian minister at Draidwood, who stated that the daily, requirements of the large district over which he was appointed prevented his attendance on the present ocoosion, Although this was not the usual time for holding their anniversary soiree there were good reasons for their meeting on this day. Some people were opposed to these soirees; but he was not. Christians should have pleasure as well as other people.' Rowland Hill had said that the devil should not have the best of the hymns that were due to the Almighty. It always gare him pleasure to see Christians happy. i Some people would like to have religion as it were in an enclosure, allowing of no expansion.': What would a palace be with all the windows and all the doors alike ? and what would our world be without its plains, its mountains, and its rivers? ?So should there be diversity amongst the Christians, the Eplicopallans, the Wesleyans and the Presbyterians all holding to' the one faith, but all worklng out the scheme of man's redemption., They are a holy band agreeing In the one great purpore, and laboring each assiduously In our Lord's vine. yard. ;They could show to the world that although they had differences they were one. 'The age of big. otry bad passed away, and uniformity In details was impossible. ; Charles V. tried It, and finding It im possible retired to a cloister where he turned his at tention to mechanlcs. On making clocks he found that he could not make any two go alike and discovered that to do so was Impossible, There were no two minutes alike, neither were there two persons present alike; but we all had a common belief, The Rev. Mir. Macokray bad come to the antipodes for the benefit of s ihealth and the strengthening of Pres. byterianism in this land, and he had left behind him an affcotionate people, and he (the chairman) trusted that the. seeds he scattered would bring forth' an abundant harvest, The state of Mr. Mackray's health forbade him to make great exertions, but he would address the meeting .this evening. They had the Ven. Archdeacon Lillingston, and a minister of the Wesleyso Church present who would also address. them on the necessity of religious union amongst Christians,' (Applause.) In the days of the martyrs' there was no velllatling, and there should ,be, none now. .' (Applause.) Ministers desired the pryers and love of their people, and if they had these they could go on and work better,. If the people neglected their ministers they would be thelosersl their minters wanted not only pecu nlary aid but the affection of their flocks, and if they had.both these they would work on with stronger hart than ever. .They had colloeted £380, part of whilh had bse deveed to the "Hllge" I, mnsat rmember also that sile. their last solree some of ise people bad given him a strong buggy, which was much wanted for travelling over the rough and ru. ged roads in his district. IIle supposed be must wait or a better borse than the one be now had, which was very slow in his movements I and when he got a ester one he would give that which he now had to the archdeacon who would 'no doubt make him go. Laughter.) They were now in possessiop of an instrument, a posseusion which they most all rejoice in. They had also a bell; it was a small one, but it would be put Ina better place some day, and they had no desire to beat their neighbours.. By the brace auction, baaear, and soiree the church had been relieved of debt. The building however re* quired repairs and it was Intended that these repairs should be made forthwith. The treasurer although too modest to make a speech on the presean occasion, was a man of business, and had said that the suba ecripions were not coming in satisfactorily. The must remember that the great authority upon which we all relled had said that the laborer was worthy of his hire; what wu given was a reognition of ser* vices rendered, and not an act of mere charity. Seelng so large a meeting, he hoped that at the close of the proceedings there would be a considerabi: augmentation of the funds. (Applause.) The choir sang the 183rd Plsalm.. 'The Vend Archdeacoon Lillingston congratulated the meeting that from the statement which had just been made by the rev. chairman they habed laid the ghost spoken of at the last meeting, the debt on the church building (laughter and applause), even though they bad had to call In what some people considered a quack, Dr. Bruoe (renewed laughter). And be (the archdeaoon) had no cause to complain of the Presbyterians and their Druce auction, for he had got more than he had bargained for. IIe pu. chased a pig at that auction and had taken the usual means of fattening it, when to his surprise yesterday be found that this pig bad given him five little ones. (Laughter). The Venerable Archdeacon proceeded to urge on the meeting the necessity for Christian unity, and if this was always borne In mind we hould have an increase In the number of our Pro testants. If we were united we could resist any common foe; we ought not to look back to the past hut unite in one common purpose, the glory of Ood and the increase of bhi church. If we desired to live together in Christ we should not act coldly to each other, but live in affection. Every Christian should be earnest in the faith he professed; earnest ness was what was required, and if there was this arnestness the churches would, be united. That earnestness must nothbe annual or perennial, but last. ing. If we believed in Christ, lie should be the first thbought of our hearts. The present occasion brought to him recollections mied with pleasure and pain. The last Presbyterian tea.meeting held in Goulburn was presided over by the Rev. William Ross, who had gone from amongst as I and previous to that he (the speaker) had been invited to take part in laying the foundation.stone of the edifee in which they were now assembled. i Mr. Roses, who was then present, had from the irst time of their meating treated him as a brother. le was a 'most devut CObristian, a learned man, be might say hbe was a model man and a modelminister. (Applause). This was but a feeble testimony to his various excel sences; and he must express his regret that it had pleased his Divine bMasler to call him away froni amidst us. The Arohdeacon concluded an eloquent address by reminding them how the martyrs three hundred years ago gave up their bodies to be burnt, snd that in the defence of our common Christianity we should be prepared to give up our whole soul and body to Christ: (Anolauss). The Cbairman eaid that the reference to 1Mr. Roes whose voice had been often heard in, that church reminded them how soon they might be called to another world. Mr. Mackray then addressed the meeting at con. Ilderable length; but our space precludes us from giving more than an outline of wbht he said. lie alluded to the relief he felt after residing in Braid. wood and Queanbeyan where Presbyterianism bad almost died out, to fnd so much activity In. the flth here. They had raised in this district nearly £400 which would enable them to put their build. fng in,repair, their bell in its proper place, and even a small vestry where their pastor could have a few moments of meditation and enter the chburch in amore seemly way than at present. Referring to Presbyterlanism In this colony, he thought there was \less cohesiveness amongst the body than there was at home, that there was not the same esprit de corps, that the minister had to hear up the church on his own shouldersl but in Bootland the burdeo was divided between the minister, the congregation, and the deacon'i court. There the members of the church sesion took the temporal busineus into their own hbands o as to leave the mioniter to look solely after the spiritual affairs of the congregation. After crossnlog the 'line, for' this very reason, Presbyterian clergymen had been ready to accept Invitations of other congregations. The church of hli forefathers, bad been dissipated In thil colony, and it therefore gratified him to. know that an nlatitution was bing organised for the education Of those who desire~to join the Presbyterian nlnlistry. CObritianity was the most social of all religionsl it was a· Iiingl faith overcoming the world. The'enemies to faith were ritualism and Infidelity. lHe condemned the church millinery and the gewgaws connected with the former. ' Faith was solelyin Cbrist Jeasu. 1le was glad to learn that episcopacy in this colony; was is. sound (applause); and if the archdeacon were at home InEuogland.he would tell them there what had been eld4 on that subject this night. (Loud applause). We must guard agalnst sceptllcim which was cropping out, n. the press and io anovele. Boys who had no'sign of a beard talked with g aflo, about Carlisle,,. and . Vltire,, and, «poke lipptntly of the Book of Mosea in connection with eold.'clothes." Tbere .wermen, who would ihore God out of hbl own universe; there weresravns of the present day who would regard consoience, in no other light than this-that as 'the liver secretes bile,, so the' brain secretes thought., ,The soeptlo's creed wis harder to believe than that of the Chrls. tian.. The reverend gentleman referred to Rene as to the Interpretations of scripture be had laid down. Who cared for ilhop COolenst and his arithmetical poucle P It wrs a pity be thought that COolenso was stlll called a bishop of+an evangelical church. If the present was an utilitarian age, take scepticslem to that standard and show what It does. Did It build boepitale dide It: relieve 'the poor,,ortrisit the afflicted ' lIe would aslk who made the best citizens ? The reverend Ipeaker referred to the death.bed of Carlisle and Voltaire, and contrasted it with that of a young woman whom he hbad attended at Feebles at the closr of her life she had all confldence in the atoning blood of her Srivour; but what was the wretched fears and doubts of the two lnfldelIs lIe desired to see mlissionary spirit grow up and spread amongst the community. rJohn Wesley had aid there was no uach thing as going to heaven slone. He now heartily wished them God speed| if we do not agalo meet in' the church, may we meet. where congregatlons do not break up and Babbaths have no end. '(Loud and continued applause.) * , '. . The choir baring lug a hymn, ' SThe Chairmana sid that theb Re. Mr. Dowson would now address the meeting, and it would be the lilt time his volce would be heard there as he was about to be removed to Morays. : .L *- .' SThe Raer. Mfr. Dowson, in a lengthy address, ad. vocated the nalty of sects of Christlans. e loved all.who Joved our Lord and Baviour Jeues'Chrllt. Words with some people were very cheap, and went forth from the lips without any difficultyl but he desired to eeo acts amontst'Christians, that unity and brotherly'love which was the bond of our common church. While listening to the archdeacon that evening he e nce considered that he would make a' good' I lethodist preacher (laughter) I but ' he checked that thought seeing that be wes doing a great and glorious work in the episcopalian church, and he wished him God speed. '(Loud applause.) le desired that every person ehould use his con. colince as to what ectllon of the faith he should follow, and it would give him great delight to hear that the church of Christ was in great prosperity. Ue felt the kindness he bad received whilst In Yase, not only from the members of hbl church, but from others who were not so. ' The reverend gentle. man. then touohlingly referred to' the decease of MllsOreave, whose remains he had seen con. slgned to the grave that afternoon, anod bore high testimony to her piety and meeknes..'.le pro ceeded to addres the young present in the subject of ging themselves up 'to Christ 'nad that by so doing they would hereafter feel no regret. :IlI conluded a most senelble address with referring to the progrss of Christ's church daring the past three years, and resumed his seat amidst great ap. : Mr. W. Davies (of Goulburn) addressed the meet. Ing, alluding to the death of the amliable young lady whose decease haJ eo recently taken place. - IIe had esteemed her as a friend, and loved her as a daehter. Uer habd wa within his wben her breath left her, 4nd her elosllng aoments shwed how Ohrtillals die, she had lived wel l death was therefore robbed of ll' etiog. a II. had had abundant opportunity of watch. log her career in life. While n clue.-meetinr he was her instructor. Passing, then to the sulject of 'Christian union he hoped we might see more of it. Their pastor had been hib guest on several occasions, and e hopede ho be would make "ma home his bome" whenever he lourneyed bhi way, (Applause.) There would be always adilerent eburchorganiaation a but the churches would eventually be evangelised, when there will be one fold and one shepherd. Il said, "If you be a Presbyterlan, be one if you be an Epilopallin, be one I f you be a Wesileyn Method. *it, be one f ll the eml indifterenoti m was the worsL" He believed the Presbyterian church in Yeas would flourish, and were he to live there he would take his chance alongside It. After some further remarks, and a high compllment to the eloquence of the liev. Mr. Mackray, the speaker roe sameld his set amidst loud epplu?se. . Mr. Affieck (of Gandaroo) proposed a vote of thanks to the ladles for their services on the present occasion. . Mr. Hill seconded it, and It was carried by anti.* matilon. The dozology havng been ung, the benediction was given, and the meeting broke up at ten o'clock. 