gk pfe's gk»ise. Br the Author of "George Ueith," "The Bace fob Wealth," -"Crnr anb Suburb," " Phewtf. Keller," &a; {Thaexcltnlve right of pnWWiIng "A Uh'« AEriatT In Bona Aultnlii baa been purchased iiy theptopatvta at tlx ArtiWrtrf* CHAPTER XXIV. CHANGE. Some persons are peculiarly lortunate in tiia friends they meet with. Give to them the Toughest and most unlikely road, they yet manage to pick up pleasant companions, .friends by the way, and all this without apparently any desire or effort on their own part, without that seeking for sympathy and that wish for intimate association frequently noticable in the manners of those who qre yet left to plod along in solitude, or whose society is merely tolerated on account of the worldly goods they possess. Why this should be so we cannot telL We simply see the fact; and though we cry "Unjust, Unfair," not all our profound remarks and exhaustive observations can alter it. There is reason iu the roasting of eggs, though our own limited knowledge both of cookery and chemistry may prevent our accepting the axiom; and in like manner there is some principle of eternal justice—if we could only find out what it is—underlying the popularity that we grudgingly admit is achieved by those men and women who are, in our impartial opinion, greatly over rated. Niee, quiet, domesticated girls, as the com mendatory phrase goes, as well as beautiful, fashionable, accomplished belles, go to their graves without a chance of changing their state, unless, indeed, they like to accept some perfectly objectionable individual, and while they stand wondering what it all means, up comes some woman too undesirable to be thought even worthy of jealousy, who yet strews the macadamised roads of her life with broken hearts, and regards them as of no more consequence than the bad "metal" with which we repair our highways. Most estimable men, mother's darlings— and "braves" in the eyes of their admiring squaws—make few friends, get little help when evil days fall upon them, receive scant pity while limping along foot-sore and weary, and. it is not to be wondered at if they some times curse not only their own evil fate hut also the objectionable young man already, who has been doing ill all the days of his life, and yet to whom men are ever ready to stretch out a cordial hand—for whom there is at morning and noontide, and when the .evening is closing, the cheery smile, the shouted welcome, the friendly grasp which shall send him on his way lighter hearted. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, it does seem hard, but the hardness is only in seeming, most likely, after all. Far as lie went astray, the prodigal son was evidently a much agree able young man than his prudent brother1; and no doubt that father, of whose pathetic welcome few can read quite steadily, recognised not merely the fact of the lost being found, and the dead being alive, but also the circumstance that, taking him as a whole, he was a more desirable companion than the other who had remained with him always. There are little differences of manner, feeling, intellect, hard to describe and yet easy to feel, which tend to make one man more esteemed than his neighbour, hut if you enquire too closely what these differences are, and why they should exist, we are at once carried from the land of reality into that of speculation. The greatest satirist, the wisest humourist, the finest novelist of our time, in some one of his works promulgates the idea that the world is but a looking- glass which reflects back whatever face we turn to it—and this theory is no doubt correct to a certain extent —only, friends, there are mirrors and mirrors —the flattering one wherein beauty and wealth beholds herself reflected, and the three- cornered bit of glass that serves Bill Jones's purpose, and is about all the gilding and quicksilver likely ever to come in his way. After all this is what people complain of ; not that their own faces are ugly and distorted, but that the world's looking-glass is untrue, that it is unequal and given to favouritism; to making gods of men not according to their deserts but its own fancy ; to taking up one and casting down another, with the utmost indifference to individual opinions, and disregard of individual feelings. Which preamble is merelyintended to make intelligible the fact that Andrew Hardell found his lot under Mr. Dayntree no more irksome than his sole charge had been. As a rule, perhaps, the lots of curates do not fall in pleasant places; it is the three cornered bit of bad glass that the world thinks good enough for them ; but with Andrew Hardell the case proved different. The mirror life held towards him was good, and though the face it reflected might not be an happy one, he stid had enough sense left to refrain from making its ex pression more wretched by frown, or scowl, or sneer. He accepted—nay, more, he was grateful, and accordingly he and Mr. Dayntree—the dreaded new vicar — got on admirably together, so admirably that the latter begged Mr. Hardell not to think of leaving the "Vicarage for the present. "There are no desirable lodgings in Essex Marsh," remarked Mr. Dayntree, " and the house is large enough for two unmarried men who have no thought save how best to serve God," to which remark Andrew, as in duty bound, listened with humility. If his Vicar had singular ideas on the subject of serving God, it was not for him to express his opinions. If the whole duty of man in Mr. Dayntree's eyes consisted in an austere life and daily services, it would have been mere presumption on the part of his curate to correct his convictions. Providing Andrew did what he desired, he left him at liberty to do anything else he might consider necessary. There was no vexatious interference on the one side; no rearing of his head against constituted authorities on the other. The one man knew himself to be a master without render ing the yoke galling; the other acknowledged himself to be a servant without any sacrifice of independence, without effecting any compromise either with pride or principle. He had been before like one left in charge of a house, who when the master returns waits for orders. The master had come and the orders were at first given, till Mr. Dayntree found there was no need for him to exert his authority. The servant met him more than half way—did more than he should ever have dreamt of desiring, not by way of proving himself wiser than his Vicar, but simply because he tried to anticipate his wishes—and to an indolent man, to a book-worm, to one who loved the discussion of curious points of doctrine, the searching after rare volumes, the comparing of different readings, Andrew's parochial help was invaluable. It left him conscientious leisure for everything his soul delighted in, but the strain tola on Andrew, who fell into bad health, and spite of change and medical advice, became after eighteen months' trial of Essex Marsh under Dayntree, feeble, purposeless, physically incompetent. " This won't do, Hardel]," said Mr. Dayn tree, one morning when the curate came back from church, looking pale, and worn, and haggard, " you will kill yourself if you remain here much longer; I have felt so satisfied on this point for some time past, that I looked about to see what we could do, and the result is this." Andrew Hardell took the letter his Vicar handed to him as a finish to the foregoing sentence, and read it over once, twice, thrice, before he perfectly guessed its meaning. " Did you do this, Sir?" at last he broke out. " Oh! do not think me ungrateful if I say I cannot take it. I would rather stay among my poor people, and do God's worn here, even if it be His will that I must die, than go away from Essex Marsh." Then Mr. Dayntree took his curate to task, and rated him soundly; told him, though in more Christian language, and better-rounded periods than mine, that his j life and his health were not exactly his own to snake dncks and drakes of; that no .man had.a right virtually to commit suicide, when strength might be preserved and existence prolonged by change of labour and of scene. - Eang the Vicar talked, arad hard -Andrew Eleaded. Bad Essex Marsh been Eden and e Adam, the man could not have prayed more fervently to be permitted to stay in it. " Were you dissatisfied with me, iSir," he finished, "of course I oould only be sorry and go, but as you are merely sending me away for what you falsely consider my own good, I must beg you to let me remain— unless, indeed, you are dissatisfied." "You have said it," Mr. Dayntree retorted. " 1 am dreadfully dissatisfied with you, and this is merely a polite ruste of mine, in order to make our parting mutually agreeable. You need not laugh," he added, noticing that a very ghost of a smile flitted round Andrew's month; "you are not strong enough for my work. I have had your energy, and now, like all other employers, I decline your weakness. Seriously," he added, suddenly changing his tone, and laying his hand on Andrew's arm, "you must go; you must leave this work or it will he too much for you I have been to blame. I ought either to have done more myself or had some one to help you. Now I tell you what, if you are so devotedly attached to rags, and misery, and wretchedness, and the other concomitants of this wretched parish, as to feel broken-hearted at the idea of leav ing it, you shall accept this offer for three months, and if at the end of that time you want to come back, well and good; if not, well and good still. Only go—not for a few days, as you have been doing, but for weeks, months, and try whether breathing a different air, leading a different life, mixing among different people, will not make you stronger and happier." " But if you could only imagine the horror I feel of anything likeapublic life," Andrew still remonstrated. " You should have thought of that before entering the Church," was the reply; " and besides, what publicity can there be at St. Mark's-by-the-Sea ?" " It is a fashionable watering place." '' That is information to me," Mr. Dayntree answered, "and I thought I knew St. Mark's pretty well, too. It is a quiet, stupid little town, excepting in the season, when it is thronged, not with the beautiful and the gay, hut with Cockneys, who take lodgings on the Esplanade, and drive all round the neighbourhood with about a dozen children packed into a carriage drawn by one horse. If not exactly a tea-and-shrimp Paradise, it is only a single step higher in the social scale." "St. Mark's-bv-ihe-Sea," said George Trelwyn, when shortly afterwards Mr. Hardell informed him of his destination. " Oh ! don't I know it well. Not a bad sort of place to my thinking, when it is not the Snob, and Snobbess, and Snobbling season. We used to be packed off there when we were children, and it seems to me but yesterday that we squirted peas in among the respectabilities of the place, who sat in front of open windows, devouring bread-and butter and swallowing weak tea at 5 o'clock. I know old Thompson always tries to get away in what is considered the height of the season. You are a lucky fellow, and it will do ypu all the good in the world, and I will come down and look you up." " It is a quiet spot, then?" "Quiet!" George Trelwyn repeated, 4'my <2.ear fellow, life in Essex Marsh is the wildest dissipation in comparison with what you will find it in St. Mark's. You get the morning's papers there about 10 p. m., and your letters are delivered once a day at 3 in the after noon. You order your dinners a week beforehand, and if you eat too much one day have to feast with Duke Humphrey the next. Yet, withal, I like St. Mark's," finished George Trelwyn; "dear to me are the memories connected with its fishy shore, with its sandy walks, its low cliffs, its uncivilized people, its tradesmen who believe in nothing save the squire and Dissent, its shops, where with scarcely one customer a day, you wait an hour to be served, its station two miles out of the town, its green balconied houses, its picturesque old fashionedness. So you really are going to St. Mark's,—ah ! me; ah ! me." " And why—ah! me?" " Because I was in love there, and a charm will hang round the broken vase, as Mr. Moore says—even though the young woman, with wonderful sense and foresight, declined to have anything to say to your humble servant. I am inclined to tlimk she was right and I was wrong; ehat we should have made a miserable pair (she has since married a man without an idea beyond ' flowers and feathers'—from which useful articles he draws his living); but still, when I think of those moonlight walks those tender conver sations—the baggage led me on, remember— something very like sentiment stirs within me. It was not the love, it was not the girl; hut it was the time," concluded George Trelwyn; "the golden, hopeful time of one's existence, and for the dear sake of that blesssd period, I have remembered, or shall remember St. Mark's save with affection. Go, then, Hardell, remember my advice— take it easy, and don't fall in love." "There is no danger of that," the curate replied. "Hump!" ejaculated George Trelwyn, " you are going out into the temptations of a wicked world, my son, and it is my duty to warn you." After that the pair parted, and in due time Andrew went down to St. Mark's, where, if the expression be not too strong concerning a man whose life was* spoilt, he enjoyed him self thoroughly. He delighted in the blue sea shimmering in the sunshine, in the low green hills, sloping down to the very water's edge, in the long walks through country lanes aud quiet fields, in the easier work, in the more appreciative congregation. He felt pleased and happy, because, while he had taken something more on he had still left nothing behind. He was only out for his holiday; the poor in Essex Marsh were his poor still; the vicarage had not ceased to be his home; the church, where he had so often preached, was soon to be filled with liis voice again. He had not left Essex Marsh. Oh, no! he was only resting and gaining strength to resume harder work than ever. He would he with them—his friends; those who were dependent upon him for , thought and for kindness long before Christ mas—and meantime he was doing good, some good he trusted, at St Mark's. Curates as a rule did not like St. Mark's, because there was ' no society;' but then he did not want society, and accordingly as I have said, he thoroughly enjoyed his holiday, and re turned at the expiration of the three months to Essex Marsh, perfectly strong iu his own estimation, and more capable of hard work than ever. But before the spring had well set in, his health broke up again, and this time the doctors told him he must choose between Mssex Marsh and life—between working in some other place and loosing the power of working altogether. Somehow, during the course of those walks by the sea-snore, those solitary rambles through lanes and across fields, life had grown sweeter to him; existence seemed a gift better worth treasuring than he had believed it to be in Essex Marsh. Removed from the midst of bricks and mortar, from amongst squalor, and sin and misery, the man's soul had taken courage enough to ask itself whether any lot appointsd by God could be regarded as altogether hopeless— whether it were quite possible, or even quite right, for a man utterly to ignore self, to merge his own identity in the sufferings of his fellows, and because there was a darkened chamber in his own memory, and plenty of rooms with closely drawn blinds in the world, refuse to go out into the sunshine, and take what joy there still remaided in the glittering dewdrop t, in the droopinp branches, in the ripening corn, in the dowers and fruits, in the rippling streams, in the restless ocean, in the carolling of birds, and the hundred sweet sights and sounds which make God's fair earth so beautiful exceedingly. He had been morlxd, and His Father's gift of " being" seemed valuless in his eyes— but now be clung to life, and when Mr. Payntree told him he must leave Essex Hank, and never retina to it, even fox. ®n occasional visit, he only jaghefi,' and said—^ -"I suppose I shall lrad-work to do where ever I am, and I will try to . believe that wherever I find myself there., my Master means me to be, .and will •appoint my task." One again Mr. Dayntree wrote to.his friend at St. Mark's-by-the-Sea, but this time that desirable curacy was not vacant. " There is a poor thing -a few miles from here, however, going a begging," added the Sector; and if Mr. Hardgll merely wants rest and change, it might answerhis purpose to take it. A curate is required for Eclin, where the clergyman is non-resident.. Eclin is an outlying village in the paiisg of Great Garton. There ara not a dozen protestants. in It—there is no suitable boose/for a curate —the pay is miserable, there is :no society whatever—there is only one gentleman's place in the neighbourho od—but' the air is good, and the country around pretty. It is six miles from here, five from a station, and three from, the sea. If Mr. Hardell thinks of it at all, he had better write to the Rev. Samuel Waymea, Garton." To Andrew's then fancy, no description could have proved more alluring1 than that contained in the above letter—peace, green fields, freedom from the presence of bis fel low creatures—the absence of wealth in the parish—the humble borne, some poor cottage which he could beautify with flowers, and which should seem in keeping witd his lot— mon who earned their bread in the sweat of their brow alone, to talk to—pure air, green fields, long quiet solitary walks in the bright summer weather. A hunger and thirst to leave the room where he spent most of his time, grew upon him. He felt if he could get away, health might once again be his. In his weakness he thought of the strength snch a change might give him, and he panted with impatience till the matter was settled; and oe on his way to Eclin. Just as much as he had formerly lamented leaving Essex Marsh, so now in precise pro portion he desires to bid it farewell; and when in the spring weather he crawled along the familiar streets to say good-bye and may God bless you and the people he had lived among and worked for, his only sigh was not that he himself must leave, but that he could not take them all away with him into the country too. And thus it chanced that on a fine April afternoon he found himself at the St. Mark's Railway-station enquiring for a conveyance to take him on to Eclin. While an obliging porter went to order him over from the inn, Andrew stood at the door of the booking-office looking with a certain curiosity at a phaeton drown by a Eair of grey ponies, in which sat a young idy, who had evidently come there to meet some one. Presently an elderly gentleman appeared and took his place beside the girl. A groom jumped into the seat behind, and in less time tlian the sentence lias taken me to write, the greys were mere specks in the distance. "A nice pair," remarked Mr. Hardell to the station master, who had bowed the con veyance off. Yess" was the reply, "and driven by a nice young lady too, Miss Alton, of Eclin." 