FROM THE HUNTER. 'Pqimpt)._ _ . THE.-jBishop K>f Newcastle has been to Dungog, where hejpreacbed two or three such discourses as always f^U from the lips ofthis learned prelat^—sbundi scripturalj fearloss, and yetconcili- .atoiyy : Largo audiences were present to hear Pienty bf ram has fkllen at Duhgog, and the erdps War a very prbmising aspect. 1, Uust has made its appearance, butfarmers hope it will not do much harm. : A teacher's residence is about to be erected in connection with the Dungog Public School. It is to be a weatherboard building. :. Twto' weak- minded persons have joined the police reserve force at Dungog. Their friends should look after them. A Mr. J. D. Davies, formerly a well-known and active promoter of gold enterprises at the Bowling Alley Point, and other gold-fields in that neighborhood, has recently died, in somewhat necessitous circumstances. , He leaves a family behind him. Davies was: once considered a rich man, but a series of reverses deprived him of all he had. At a sale of gates, booths, &c.;, for the. forthcoming races at Newcastle, a circumstance occurred which points to. the progress of temperance principles in that quarter. The gates were knocked down at £41, from wbich.it may be inferred that a pretty large musterwas expected, whilst three publicans' booths altogether only added some £14 to the funds. * This looks to us very much like disassociating horse-racing and grog-drinking—two : practices not uncommonly indulged in together. The great case of Sclioley v. Eckford has been heard at. theMaitland Circuit Court. The words complained of seem for the most part words of passion, except that in. one instance Mr. Eckford repeated a rumor, which' he said he had heard, that the plaintiff had been transported. As the result of a trial which lasted several days, the jury found for "the plaintiff -with -40 • shillings damages and costs, which will probably amount to at least £500 more. When the three persons charged with the Maitland Bank _ robbery- were brought up for the last time,.prior. to their committal, Gibson said he was • entirely innoeent. Blain declared he had told ^everything he knew of the matter, and'that wliat he had said was true. Graaey also declared himself innocent,-and said all that Blain had alleged about his giving him'(Blain) the money, or about : his telling him that he (Blain) was as deep in. it as Gibson and himself (Grariey), was false. • We have already mentioned that in spite of these protestations, all three of tlie.prisoners were committed, but bail was allowed. The timber work of the second floodgate is well forward; the walls.are progressing rapidly; and it is how hoped that the work will be completed within the contract time. Upon the Trhole, the crops look well in the Hunter district.' Lucerne is promising everywhere except in a portibn of. Miller's Potest, where some-sort of blight affects it unfavorably. The Mercury lias seen some splendid patches of barley and oats in various localities; it describes the potatoes as getting on famously, and the young maize plants, as strong and vigorous. There is no stretch of country where rust is not to be distinguished, but it is not yet general. Feed is also abundant* and there is a delightful greenness visible over the face of the country. TheWesleyatt Mutual Improvement Society celebrated the conclusion of another half-year of its existence by a tea and soiree, which were regarded as a complete success. About200 were in attendance. After the tea, there was a public meeting as usual, at which Bev. G. Hurst presided. The. traffic over the West Maitland Bridge is so great that the approaches are already in a bad state of repair. Mr. E. Cliippendall is now laid up by a kick from a horse. The hail-storm which recently visited the Hunter was very destructive in some places. At the Dalwood home vineyard, twenty acres of vines were stripped of leaves and fruit, and nothing left.but the bare stalks. Mr. Wyndham thinks he lias-lost from twelve to fifteen thousand gallons of wine; but he does not consider the evil an unmixedone, as the hail not only destroyed the fruit, but an immense multitude of caterpillars also. Mr. Close, of Hlalong has in his possession a swan with both white and black feathers. We do not remember to have ever before heard of a parti-colored swan. The Hunter is very low. The steamers are grounding opposite their own wharves. One George Lang has been committed to take his trial for obtaining ten shillings by false pretences. A buggy accident happened in Maitland a few days ago, but the vehicle was the principal sufferer. Its occupants were more frightened than hurt. Several parties are reaping barley on the Patcrson, and some have entered on their wheat harvest. About "Vacy, and in the neighborhood of the town, rust attacked the wheat, but the grain appears to be very little affected, and good crops abound. Beyond Gresford there is no • rust at all. The Monthly Penny Headings are continued by members ofthe Paterson School of Arts, and are still successful. The racing mare '"My Dream" is now at Tocal, having been sent up to Melbourne to obtain the services of the Barb. We understand two thousand guineas have been offered and refused for this beautiful animal. Letters from Bandon Grove speak favorably of the prospects of farmers. Bust has not done much harm on the. .Upper Williams. Rev. Mr. Newland has again repeated his lecture on " Ghosts'—this time at Wollombi. We have already mentioned that this reverend gentleman firmly believes in super-natural appearances. There is no longer any room for doubt on the subject. A debating club at Muswellbrook has decided that "Retrenchment can be effected without impairing the efficiency of Government.'' A voung man named Foote has been run over by a loaded cart near Muswellbrook, and was seriously injured, but it is hoped that he will recover. 