? SELECT POETRY. TIic UnlioItcA IDoor. An ogcd widov fat nlono : Beside her narrow hearth ; , Her silent cottage never heard The ringing laugh of mirth. Six children oncc had Bportod thore, bul now tho churchyard snow Fell softly on fivo little g'avcf, tlmt were not long ago. fehe mourned thorn all with patient lovo, 'ur eyes Had sued Far bitterer tears than those which dowed Tho faces of the dead. Tho child which had boen spared to her, her darling nnd her pride, The woeful mother lived to wish that sho had also died ! Those little onc3 beneath tho snow, Not lost bnt gone beforo ; Faith (aught her «11 w is well with them, And then tho pang was o'er ; But when Bho thought whoro ICatio wns, she saw tlio _ oity'a glare, ^be painted mask of bitter joy winch need gives Sin to wear, . Without the snow was thick and wbito, No step had fallen thero ; Within sho sat boeido the fira, Each thought a sileut prayer, Whon suddenly, behind hor scat, unwontod noiso she heard, Ab though a hesitating hand the rustic latch liad «tirrc3, Slr3 turned and thoro tno wanderer s'tooS, With snowflakes on her hair, A faded woman, wild andvworn, I Tho ghost of Bomothing fair. And then npon the mother's neck tho withered brow was laid, 'Can God and yon forgive mo nil? fir I have sinned,' she said. Tho widow dropped upon hsr knees, Before the fading fire, . And thanked tho Lord, whose loving band Had granted her desiro. The daughter kneeled beside her too, tears streaming from her eves, And prayed, ' God help me to be good to mother ere sho dies I' Thoy did^not talk about t be sin, I The shame, tho bitter woo ; ' 'Thoy spoke about thoso little graves, And things of long ago. .-?' ' . And then the daughter raised her eyes, and said in tender tone, 'Why did you keep your door unbarred when you wero quite alone?' . 'My child 'tbo widow said, and smiled A smile of lovo ond pain : 'I kept it so lost yott should come, And turn away again : I've waitedJor you all tho while— a mother's love is true ; Yet is it bnt the shadowy type Ilis who died for youl-' 