OflIGINAL POETRY. 2 THE .THALTER: ; OR,. THE? ALTER. ; A Border -Tale...::: :. ' Twas in the canny,d!ays of old, . O.:wn thc.CaledoniMai liore, ,. Wihose ~hiefs w;ere t?iong their own to hold, :Arnd sometimies r3athler mre. :: " : : Tivas then and tlihere a gallanpt-vigh.t. SLived and.laughed, a douglity chlief-; But, if dame Ruimour ,li?useirs riglit, A fmobus border thief . A.nd ;Scott of I-Hiarden.vas his nanme ; On- .-Due.ihlicmlamay learnedt to0 ear;• .I i:ght of wvhi'cli he leained toiol?im Their ca tL ind theii ch1dri " About the brae,' across the our., Scot of. HIarden sallied foirth,: : :I: nor, empty-handed would return. This" Robin of the NIorth." He sallied forfh in jovial:gnise; "All his men were staunch and true ;-: . . e . ,took the English by surprise, And took their.cattle too. Near such a fiiend no more to sta?y,i:: ' - MaIIy a yeoman stoat and strong. ; Yoked his last builocl to the dray?, . :: SAnd led his teams along. Tho' strange it seems fdr very fear . " i'lhat they durst no ldnger st'iy, 'Twere stranger still new herils to rear o.:F...orhimn to drive away I Thus.itfell out, one woeful morn, H:-: Iarden scoured tlieountiry round, .' Right dolorous, foirsouth, toturn: W:./'. ith nought of booty found. When . quloth ~. lus.i.y chul to Scott'- .. " Gallant master, be..not sy ; sh One side tlie border boots theenot," :: S -Home side the bordcr.try.? : or Mui?ry j laird of Eiib.hink..- i S" Snre hath gottein hoble herds: , : TheL cmnie, gay Master, tliese to dlink;, :,Aid sipare- th3y ruefl words.'-. : That luckless night tihe: luckless wight Aps?s?edred, "!Nay thei?, let us go-!' -:: . And Harden : yard, ere morniugu light, Did noble bootyliew. li :-Of hbullocke fat, : nd oxen strong, ;::- : Milchi kuinettoo',a : ug idlytrain- - :Anid beef iind bhotter cheered the throngr -.And whi.skey ,'ga~n to reigp ':.n: :: .:. !:.'!: - " - :: ! ?! i!> : ·? . :?- ; Then up spake one to Elibank, " Sire, your cattle I have seen, 'Twas Scott of Harden drove them forth, Nor'll drive them back. I ween." Now Miurrray was a fearless laird, Hard it was befooling him ; And nothing cared, who once had dared A ghost in gloaming dim I So forth he scoured with all his men, Loud his echoing horn he blew; He brought his cattle back again And Scott pfIt Harden too ! Over his head a Pine-tree strong Stretched its never-flinching arm; Over his head a ship-knet hung, Dire token of alarm I Now Scott o'Harden 'gan to quake, . Startled at the touch of fear; When, wondering much, the guidwife spake " What dost thee, Murray ,Lar ?" " I've caugh~ t the gamesome varlet, wife, He and all his craven gang : My cattle fell beneath his knife, And he shall shortly hang I "I'l harden soon this hardy Sct, Look, the coward hangs his head ; But still. that we fatigue him not, We'll do't for him instead." Now Murray's wife was brave and braw, Witty lass and matron wise ; The damsels there in the castle saw, And thus in haste replies : " Hang such a winsome mannie, and Three suchl sorry maids within? Let him gie Margatret his hand. And wed her for his sin ! " So shall you save our noble name, And nae blude betide the house: Then give the winesome wight a dame, 4nd find the lass a spouse I" Poor " Meg o' th'mouth'" thro' all the plan Fared for wondrous length of lip ; Like Nature, cutting out her face, Had let the scissors slip ! 'Tis said-what will the folk not say, So the story can be spread ? He turned his comely face away,l Ae'd rather die than wed. "Nay. by my troth !" the chieftain cried, "Sure as on this earth I stand, His neck shall soon be tiehter tried, Who will notgive his hand I ' A whiskey cask they set below That gaunt, grimly gallows tree; And Harden now began to know How pleasant life could be. Now fear "gan thumping in his breast, Conscience wrote down bitter things, And he staggered 'neath so stern a test, And th'keen, far probing stings. H Heigh, bonnie life, how sweet thou art, Then avaunt this fondling pride ; SLet gang my head, and I'll-my heart, Ho, Murray, fetch the bride !" Now from the tree sprang Scott, scot free, Murray gave him longer life; .But lest the boon too sweet should be, He marred it with a wife. Gleesome to cain such gainly spouse, Glad that hie was not to die, Soon came poor Mag, and soon their vows Another knot did tie. Then thus quoth Scott in merry tone, Jest to catch no longer loth; " They thought to tie me up alone, But now they've tied us both. "And both the knots are clenched full tight That I trow,for death had been ; But this concord, by cunning sleight, Traps us for life, I ween." But when her smile poor Harden spied, O 'twas mair than he could bear ! Her mouth agape from side to side, Her teeth from ear to ear Then thus bespoke his better self, " Maggie's mouth was my reprieve; Had she been fair I had been dead, 'Tis but for her I live. "And the' as yet I fane but ill To love Mangie as my wife, 1ayv, let me bolt the bitter pill, And love her as my life." And here Tradition fells asleep, Snoring loud for very spite; Nor tells when Margaret ceased to weep, And Scott his nails to bite. We cannot trace the hidden grace Which might 'neath such plainer be; But from them sprang as fine a race As Scotland cares to see. Now good and glad, and never sad, Never fearful of a halter, Each bonnie lass and winsome lad Love I leacs th'em to the Altar. February,1865. 