THE SMETCHER; SPIRITUALISM m AMERICA. No. nr. • All over the Union the lecforera on Spiri tualism are actively engaged -eluaid&tihg; its principles, organising branch Societies aid - establishing children's Lyoeums.The names and addresses of 216 of these missionaries are 1 given in The Banner of Light of. the 27th February last Reports of the deliverances of the more popular speakers appear from time to time in its columns, and from three we learn the influence which the all-powerful American "platform" is bringing to bear in fayour of the movement*. From a copy of the same journal of May 30,1668, we make an excerpt from a lecture delivered by the Hon. Warren Chase in the Mercantile-hall, Boston, on. Sunday afternoon, May 10. The lecturer claimed for the doctrines of Spiri tualism a scientific basis. After rapidly sketching the progress of natural science from the infandy of mankind, he proceeded " But 'there had also-been another sphere in which the human mind ever laboured earnestly—that of religion. Man, by nature, was a religious being; not by experience, not by revelation, bnt by nature was he led to the examination of'his interior needs—just as by nature he was an active being, a thinking being. But in this field Science had made no progress. Although the colleges might label some of their theologic mystifications "Science," yet in the whole Christian system there was no such thing as science to be found. Its speculative philosophy was like the astronomic theories of earlier ages, which were exploded by the system of Copernicus, as demonstrated by Galileo. With its vague utterances it strove to inculcate a hope of something' after death—something on the ether side of the dark riveir; but every evi dence of the truth of continned existence— ef conscious life beyond this, every demon stration of an intellect exerted on our earth after the material body had crumbled into its original dost, was wholly arid totally repu diated by it If such demonstrations occurred under certain conditions inside the pale of the church, they were looked on as direct in terpositions of Divine Providence, vouch safed to the children of mortality Tot special ends; if outside, they were regarded as the work of incarnate evil. But in either case they were held to he miraculous, trans sending all natural law, and having no con nexion whatever with Science. " In the whole Christian religion, as taught by its varied and opposing sects, there was a studied effort to keep Science out of the church. Never in any department had Re ligion condescended to allow the power of Science to add its demonstrations to her truth. This direct and absolute denied and rejection of Science in religious matters had kept men theorising and evolving ideas and plans, which had increased to sucn an extent as to' oomprise some 500 or 600 differing doctrines, supported by organised bodies of believers, besides as many thousand individual •pinions, all claiming to be within the pale •f Christendom. When any new religious idea<warpreeented, or a new creed started, its .foBewcaii hastened to fortify themselves bemud the Bible ; to prove the troth of their assertions by texts and varied passages, wherettnto they had attached a different meaning from their fellows in the old systems. Ask any of them for--a de monstration of their faith, arid theywtmld turn immediately to that book, on which they all rested, and as there was no higher authority recognised towhich the disputants copld appeal no question of creedal difference could be settled, and no point was proven by them, not even the first one, in which they professed to agree- that of a continned, con scious existence after death. So long as Religion was held away from Science tame was no chance for ft settlement j of these vexed questions. Theories would in crease, till in time, a religion should arise based on acfobee, which should transcend and confute them all This was the mission of Spiritualism. Uniting Science and Religion, it demonstrated its own truth clearly to every reasoning mind.. Its weak was to explode the •Id system of blind faith, and giveaknowledge of Divine fruition. Now what had itdone? It had demonstrated the fact of Urn existence of bodies, imponderable and invisible—contain ing within themselves intelligence to guide their uses and notions—which bodies were daily in our very midst possessing the powers of language and thought we did, though be tween us and rolled the waves of a mystic rfiMip*. All along the peat the Christian religion by asked us to believe this to have faith that we shall rise triumphant in the final hour; now we have it clearly de monstrated to ub that these brings exist and as they * live, we fhiH live also! No longer need the Spiritualist hope for the realisation of this belief—he baa the ' evidence of things not seen.' ''It was true that while Theology ruled the colleges, academies, and free schools of the land in the interest of the church, this great topth would be barred, in a measure, from tbeminds of her votaries; bat outride, know ledge ruled supreme—these were teachers and speakers labouring every day; there were phenomenal demonstrations going on, to establish those facts which the. Christian church could not overthrowfi;t*jSappoee the colleges did refafie to acknovriedfri foe truth "Wi what then t They Tefoaedto take in geology or astronomy, and repelled ihe science of anatomy, till they were alljflfmlr est" ~ hehed in the great heart ofhumaoifrfutsL. Yet not one of these sciences had made so repid an advance rislpiritailism. This fact *11 who had commended with it had lived to barely 2? or 25 yearn, in «pH» of the itkad 4n to-dayit mm* ^ a laigw toe than Art contabed in we tanks of anrtsligiotB denomination in me country j and riotone of them could show „fflofowgoinff maybe taken es affording a specimen bf foe tone adoptedby the prions lec tnrers on this important Subject, i^mdienore ther addren appear to take .-I"""'■» «wmiiywy^i v. f prered ty past experience, for foe speakers "retthdm, apparently without opposition, as Jfcwnbtedfsijjta vOnelecgira; .addroWiiig a g^owUKarios irifoe Mario-hall, Boston, on ^odpy jammy 17,1869, reported to have rij)>tB3ppdM to'discun'in thisjec ^ Ate ohfi^n ^srfrit-whriierjpiritB ^o or do oommuniaSr The Bfpo&kave; «to given to tbe worid for £e tort 20 we claim-foatit isso_dearly foafc wd vtfll not -fosuttyonr It aa attempted omtforndtwon. j" *ril might the astronomers of, to "** red called upon to prove the troth of ^?Pern ^ system; or the geologist (Jeete it necessary to substantiate the fact of the existence of the earth. But we oS^av"? ,a' Spiritiuilistn is a* science, siflS capable ofl^gwht^MSSiiM geology. And we also claim that those who have made it a matter of study, should be entitled to cnditih the de gree m which they have investigated, while no weight' should be attached to' -the state* men to of'impostors and charlatans. As a science. Spiritualism cannot he denied.~ The secret of its bucccss, the methods of its opera «on, the vast resources which are brought to hear upon it, are as wide as the field of human existence and experience/' As was to be expected, daring the years it has been progressing, spiritualism has met in the United States with vehement opposition and criticism. Works have been published by writers of considerable repute, attempting to refnte its philosophy, and occasionally tra velling mediums have been detected in the practice of imposture and trickery. The fact, however, which arrests onr attention is, that, spite of searching investigation, and severe criticism, spiritualism is advancing with evi dent rapidity, and bids fair, before the lapse of many years, to become the dominant be lief of the country. The bold prophecies of its developers, nttered aud laughed at years ago, seem now to be hopeful of fulfilment In the last chapter of Davis's Philosophy of Spiritual Intercourse, we find a passage pur porting to be prophetic of the fate of existing theologies, which is worth quoting, for two reasons—first, because of the insight it affords into an oft-discussed historical secret; and, secondly, as showing the'overmastering influence predicated on behalf of the new religion:— "Actuated by the profoundeat conviction of duty, theological architects I have con structed, from a combination of right and wrong materials, a vast doctrinal labyrinth, and now, so far from being in the simple troth, they seem irretrievably lost in the mysterious windings of this amazing immen sity. Centuries ago, and about the retiring of the period of deification, when fathers, chieftains, kings, and other superiors were feared skid worshipped by inferiors, the opi nion was conscientiously entertained and promulgated that the patriarchs were super naturally endowed and commissioned^ to con vey requests to and receive communications from the great Jehovah. " That - uninterrupted intercourse with, the Deity might be secured and pre served, pyramids were founded embodying the sacredness of the catacomb, the mo nument, and the - tabernacle. Many gene rations of- incessant- toil were required' for their' consummation. - And the de votion, the sanctimonious solemnity, the honest conviction of duty, and the puritycf motive, which characterised, warompted, and nerved each person to labour for the accom plishment of the holy end, have nowhere a parallel. The materials em {Joyed were of quantity sufficient for the construction of a beautiful city; the amount of labour be stowed would, properly organised and applied, have garden ised a wildernesB; and the mass of wealth appropriated and consumed, might have enriched a nation, and alleviated the wants and gladdened the hearts of thou .sands. . . " For a succession of centuries after their completion, the pyramids were sacredised monasteries, (xnuocntodto the exdoiiiTew ^ dMfied prwsts and revered patrfarCBST And the supposition universally prevailing, that these men received unmeasured know ledge from mysterious sources, the untaught individual voluntarily imposed upon himself arbitrary ceremonies, gloomy incarcerations, and sanguinary inflictions. " But time marched on, and the scene was changed. The experience of age^ tradi tionally preserved, demonstrated the in utility and unrealness of long- fostered con victions. And multitudes, emboldened by familiarity with the sacerdotal orders, and no longer confounded or amazes by their pre tensions unestablished and unredeemed: boldly interrogated those long-supposed founts for religious illumination. But no ! voice was heard. The holy retirements were searched, and naught but lifeless bodies em balmed and interred, and a melancholy de solation, were visible to the seeker after troth, in the place where alone it was oncebelieved to exist. And now they stand in desolate grandeur, untenanted by priest or prophet, useless except as.marks of hu manity's growth, and unadmirad except by the intelligent antiquarian, who gathers therefrom lessons of Oriental architecture and food for his excited imagination. "And yet the Egyptian Pyramids are not destitute of an interior sigmficatiomAi though once the denmtonwof nrobhedes, they are now evidences teat error E> essentially mortal and SaKHrmS SSHsKsapat Kh •& be Mr "Wjtol •» v"51"* projections wound th e sensibihties of every harmoniouB and v^-balanced nundi ^ " A Voluntary departure of their present sacerdotal inbkbitonte is not dn ^ anti^ated: for theeelmve an enteflednght of all sern syswog' y^vg irnnVn ffuiy ooe til^ w. and jS^Sacnoftaperfect forms of bought, to intelti^nt interrogator in future genera rwonld sarely be unwise to shirt our ioneer to the existence of a system of [pgirml philosophy which pnts forward S3Sr.rf »• spMtoaKste =ed on hallucination or on real revela lt Is equally Interesting to w to JhSS anafter-lifether antici for themselves and Urn wodd.^ I a dace is the "Summer Land where drits dwell when not engaged in their r of elevating *e aspirations and aa j the noble endeavours of tireJwt emankind! Theewtod^maa^i oper-mundane abiding place is termed, ntodas a spiritualised earth. All that reaWe, artistic, and beautiful in tius world is there, transfigured.subliraated, and-J refined. life is as real'there as here ; in dividual identity ' as, Complete ; social en* joymeht as precious, hut a! thousand, times anon- intense. .. Everything which the educated intellect sighs for "vainly on earth, is abundantly supplied in, the Summer Land, which the good spirit trained to noble deedB and holy aspirations enters ha a heritage of happiness. This is how Theodore Parker,; one of the most earnest religions teachers of this century, is said, through the.niediumBhip of his friend Dr. Willis, to describe his awakening in the spirit world:— "What a beautiful day it was'when my Bpirit, freed from a suffering body, stood re vealed in its strength-and individual life! I biow no feeling of earth that pan express in fulness that sense of interior satisfaction. I was. I am. I shall be. - Yes, for ever. I live. God is. My very soul seemed palpable onto me. I felt its divine throbs of joy. " I stood in a lovely valley. Sloping on all sides towards it were nndnlating hills, ver dant, and crowned with trees. Something such a spot 1 had seen in an engraving of one of Turner's pictures; but ho picture could represent the whole view my eye held. In the distance I beheld villas and terraced gardens. Near me was a stream of crystal water, and tender flowers were growing and beautiful shrubs. The air about me was like a dewy summer's morning when the flowers give their most delicate fragrance to the coming sunbeams, and win their life by gifts of sweetness. I knew that a few hoars be fore 1 was conscious of a faint suffocating sense as if life were languishing, and that I lay in a room that to my closing external senses seemed cold and dark, with only one loving hand grasping mine; and yet now I was free and exultant in life and vigour. With that consciousness came a desire to move. What ecstacy of motion was this that made my will operative, so that I knew no effort save that of desire ? I moved up the valley to a spot where I had seen children at play. It was then I discovered that something be side my own will had led me hither; for there was a feeling that some one had called me. It was such a sense as in my childhood days I had felt when my mother bade me come that she might pat her hand upon me and smooth my hair and win a kiss. The same sense of restful love was with me. In my heart I was a child again, and my wish was to feel myself encircled in that same tender care, and to know myself the recipient of the same loving thoughts. With that wish I moved forward to a vine covered grotto, and beheld—who? Could it, indeed, be that loving being I had known so long ago—my mother? She had no touch of age upon her. Her body was as lithe and beautiful as those of the maidens who danced -over the grave of .Adonis .But my heart dared not gootit to this being; it held itself hack in doubt I watched the face. A smile as tender as a young mother givesber first-bom passed over it. A hand moved out in beckon ing wish, and fromit seemed to flow an attractive power; In % moment I rested my head upon her shoulders, and wept; yes, wept tears refreshing and restfoL I knew no doubt or fears henceforth. " I lived, and I was with the being I had so longed to see. All else must surely be right and best in the end." To those who make the most of their op portunities of spiritual advancement on earth the opening of the after-life is thus described as theTbeginning of ineffable happiness,—the «mnn|mfymmit yfawrml career of de velopment through sphere above sphere of in creasing harmony and glory. For the unpre pared spirit, however, there is a long period of probation and suffering to pass before it is possible for it to feel the divine influence which leads to happiness and peace. It is the constant effort of the higher spirits to assist in the development of their baser brethren, both upon the earth and in the second sphere. All the alleged spirit revela tions agree on this point Some of them supply details of considerable minuteness regarding the treatment of depraved natures, and from one of these undoubtedly unique communica tions we cull the following:— "The Prison House of the Depraved! The Wall of the Spirit-World! What'is it ? Are there chains and darkness, flaming fires, and tormenting devils? Does the sun never ahinn through the dark atmosphere of the place of torment prepared for the wicked by the justice of the loving Father? I conned these questions over and over in my mind, both before and after 1 became a spirit free to search for the abodes of the condemned, before I was -fully instructed as to the ulti mate destiny of all mankind, and the ways of God toward erring men. I reflected, often.upon this text of Scripture: 'He makefch his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, Uid sendeth rain upon the just and the J. reflected that in earth-life the flowers bloom,, the dew-drops glitter, the birds warble, arid the brooks murmur for the wicked the same as for the good; and I could see wisdom as veil as benevolence in this, asT reflected that good gifts awaken -1 the fiber BentimentB of the spirit, whereas 1 curses provoke all that is evil in man's nature to more active exercise. " I scanned the glowing, lovely landscapes term vome m coming ui uie uwauwmmsi. le heH which individuals found Was in their m natures, rather than in the sphere as a ace different from other places. "The time at length arrived when I was epared to visit the first circle, in quest of lowledge In respect to the condition of the west class of mankind that enter the spirit odd. I visited * temple in tills circle at at; the ptece of resort of all grades of indi duala of the, circle. It was a gorgeous pile, ■glittering flames andtowers sparkled in e lovely light of the spiritual atmosphere, id created such emotions in the mind as mps result from the sight of the most Dhantiy beautiful objects that can , presented to the vision. The first jw of sudh a temple would natu lly axoftesttofig emotions in the mind any individual, however low in the scale befog. - In my own mind, tire first thought ■abened by this sight was—it is sought to rase the dorm ant feelings of the people who ., tff fljftift this dazzling vision of "beauty/ I entered the tetnple,andgaeed upon tbe glittering roof, where diamonds and precious stones of every name commingled their rich rays to dazzle tbe sight, and I was assured that the mind tbatcould withstand the effect of the outside and inside view of this temple without being deeply exercised," wag indeed seared,' or by nature incapable of feeling. My observations proved to.me that very few entered the temple who were riot, in a degree, overcome by the scene presented within. It was a vast struc ture, composed of numerous courts'and apart ments for the various uses it was to serve. Nothing of beauty and harmony was lacking in this temple, devoted to the instruction of tbe lowest class of humanity of the section where it was situated. It was for the use of a com munity composed entirely of individuals of tbe first circle. The teachers who congre gated there to instruct were of neighbouring communities of the second and third circles. " With what emotions did. I gaze upon the crowd of people in that temple! They were all dark hued; their magnetism being deeply tinted with the dark colours—sore evidence of depravity. Some were careless, stupid, beastly; others were thoughtful, but had the tiger in their nature, and raged inwardly, like tigers caged. No ontward restraint was put upon them ; but they felt the power of invisible teachers, who threw their psycholo gical power over them to restrain them within proper bounds while in the public assembly. Who in earth- life has hardly yet dreamed of the use of this great power in Nature ? More potent than bolts and bars, it is the power which restrains unrecognised, guides unseen, to toe more peaceful paths of righteousness, toe slaves of vice. '' I visited toe homes of wretches steeped in crime, and acquainted myself with their ex F;riences, through themselves and teachers, marked that their homes were invariably surrounded with exquisite scenery, and adorned in a style that could not fail to be attractive to any that could appreciate beauty and harmony of arrangement. I knew that higher circles had toe oversight of this, and devised the_ surroundings of these people, that they might have all the aids which could possibly be afforded them to promote their advancement. Notwithstanding this beauty, all toe devisements of benevolence exhibited in these homes, I found that within them vice was reaping its just reward, and being overcome by toe means of imposed tortures | of mind inflicted upon individuals by toe psychological power of their helpers, as well ; as by toe means of reading toe past over and over again as memory spread before toe mini! toe open book of life, and would not that it beclosed. "'I have suffered toe tortures of the dunned/ said one to me whose powers of mind made it possible for his teachers to has ten his development by means of suffering. ' In imagination, I have traversed and deserts, gloomy forests and diamai swamps; I nave climbed ragged mountains for a gleam of sunshine which might, per chance, greet me from toe summit and help to thaw toe ice that was freezing my spirit. I have encountered deadly miasms while tra versing dismal swamps, which would rise up like demons before me, and encompass me i like toe deadly vapours of the Upas, threaten ing to destroy me at once. If death could have come to my release at such momenta yes, everlasting death, I should have rejoiced. Such experiences are like drums or visions, and I dread their occurrence as I would dread the knout. I am sometimes in doubt as to < what purpose is to be served by there expe riences ; but there are seasons when I am sore they are working for my good.' This mm bad, lwen *steeped fn -mtqafty' -fam' period of early manhood till death in middle age. His parents were not of a dare that bequeathed noble natures to their children although they stood well in society. This man had intellect sufficient to have placed him high in the third circle, at his entrance into spirit-life, had it not been that this intellect was beclouded with depravity—an inherited depravity, and which ^could only be eradi cated by suffering; either in tensely for a shorter season, or more moderately for a longer one._ The ghosts of his former crimes haunted him as memory recalled them, and as they were painted upon his imagination in vivid colours by the ever-present power, which was, by tarns, his tormentor and comforter. "Ivisited toe home of a harlot, recently added to the community from earth- life. She was in the home of a relative who had been of her own grade, but was emerging from her lowest condition, having become capable of appreciating her surroundings in some degree. Had I been ignorant of toe fact that spirits d* not die, I should have believed that the pitiable object I saw in toia borne was dying. She was reclining upon a couch, with atten dants busily engaged about her impelling info her system magnetic fluids, in toe endea vour to restore consciousness'; to awaken toe dormant energies of her whole nature. She wasps one in a deathly stupor. Her vocation m efrth-life had so vitiated her nature that abetance composing her spiritual body i rare that _ the body could not perform jural functions with sufficient power or energt to permit-toe mind to act through it so thai consciousness could result. She-had been u this condition for several weeks, and * ■ must pare before full consciousness * restored. Hem was the condition f her class on being bom into toe _lstate. Thought I, it is a terrible com pensatich for the degradation imposed upon the wbofe nature by such a life. "I "4ted a male debauchee, and learned that toe penalty of lewdness is visited aKIta uppn mak and female. Unerring justice, as axhibitedby nature, points the shaft to the seducer and his victim when the mime of , pervertingthe natural functions of the hnman system is Vanished; but there is a deadly shaft—a prisoned arrow, that stings the vital nature of urn who has betrayed trusting innocence, tad lured to toe sure path of foUj ; bis helpless!victim. This shaft is for him alone. V "The meital degradation of this class is outgrown by bffenng, like thatof every other class^ Begeieration comes by repentance, and mdividuU effort stimulated by repent ance. The sufferings inflicted upon the low are just according as their natures q" hem, mid are\only for aiding them into toe path of jspentince and regeneration. Ven geance prompts not one single experience. It is tot the prerogative of those of tbe secmd sphere who are the anpnjnt^ agents fo assist this class into toe path """^bsel to appoint the punishments hot nature has so arranged that r inishes itself; or in other words, remorse of conscience that can be in too mind of tfao criminal, is the 'of eradicating from his nature the ' depravity, whose fruit was crime, and [ature it u to continue to germinate """ forth such fruit until they are Benevolent teachers weep over r- -. i their wards ; yet stem ne oeasitife ludupon them to help than, and " ta* not flinch. She surgeon may weep j contemplates toe sufferings he inflicts blade cuts into the vital flesh of some only hastens them to the -extent hie patient 4 lieved. As the^trarge^n^fe^ia hdMthefreal canee of the' suueribg etiddred, hut the disease or accident, eoitis thenatureof the depraved which causes their suffering be they ever so severe." This gives an idea, as put forth on spirit authority, of the natnreof the after life for the - wicked and worldly-minded. For the regOf nerated spirit there seems to be no bounds to the means of happiness and elevation. We ars told— "People crawling about upon a physical planet, with no wings to propel them swiftly through the atmosphere, with no power to overcome the gravity of their physical bodies, which enchauu them to the surface, can scarcely realise that it is possible for spirits to - ' fly on wings of light' from sphere to sphere, from sun to sun of the vast systems of the universe, after they are educated into the method of doing this. With electric speed tbey travel, because their bodies are magnetic substance, and are propelled by magnetic forces which are regulated by 'will-power, as - the motions of the physical body are regulated, by the wiLL The creeping worm that emerges from its grosser state andsoars joyously through the air, fluttering above every flower, appro priating its fragrance, attempting vast heights,. and scorning the grovelling condition which was the cradle of its existence, typifies man in his physical and spiritual states. He comes forth a worn. He creeps over the physical surface for a season, and then, like the winged insect, he emerges from his prison a free spirit, and soars, at length, whithersoever he will. None may set bonnds to the ultimate power of a spirit, or limit the scope of its am bition. It ventures through deeps on deeps of unexplored oceans of knowledge, and stall sees beyond deeps on deeps, fathomless, im measurable. It soars through heights on heights of celestial wisdom, and sees beyond heights on heights, stretching to the very seat of the Infinite, and yet it ventures on, for ever soaring." Our space will not permit of oar giving further illustrations of tiw nature of the after-life as taught by the spiritual scribes. Those who derive fuller information on the subject will experience little difficulty in obtaining it, as many volumes have been: devoted to this phase of the new philosophy We have striven to supply a conception of the bigfaer developments of American spiritualism, and although the attempt has necessarily been: crude and imperfect, are not without hope that it wOl have enlightened many minda respecting the character of a truly remark able movement It will, and we conceive^ ought to he, recognised that spiritualism, whatever may be thought of the marvellous hypotheses upon which its philosophy rests, 'to calculated to exercise on mankind an elevat ing and not a debasing influence. Admitting, for illustration's sake, its astounding premises, that it is the mission of that modern miracle worker—magnetism—to bridge over the gulf that has separated the mundane from the spiritual spheres, and that this junction is to be regarded as natural, not supernatural, its further teachings partake of the very essence of Christian morality. Its scheme of ethics is, in fact, naked, uncrecdal Christianity, ft | culls from sU religions of the past and presehttbeir b^and liveliest principles, and' seeks to bring them into harmony with the latest developments of science. It is this which doubtless has caused it to fawdmato so many noble intellects among our Ame rican brethren, ft is this which ""J™ it possess a charm for minds like those of Ed monds, Dexter, Longfellow, Gray, Bush, Chase, Hare, and Willis, in the United States; and Howitt, Lytton, Chambers, and De Morgan, in England. The union of science and religion has been the desideratum of philosophers for centuries. Their anta gonism has produced bigots of unreason on the one hand and Ingots of materialism on the other* It to hardly saiptoins-toereffne^ that the advent of a philosophy prof earing to harmonise the two should have been exten sively welcomed, spite of the fact of its being: based on pretensions so diametrically opposed to the genius erf actuality which is supposed: to be the ruling characteristic of toe nine teenth century. 