OUR REPRESEHTATIVES AT ADELAIDE AND BAND WICK. • bx peeping Tom. With the exception of one or two country githeringa, the lmcing eeaion of *68«'69 mej he pud to haTO heen wpnqd np hy ; the l»te .Melbourne meetifag, eoferu thla pert of Set Majesty's dominions is: eppoerned. In Sonfo , Australia fogy, .foffo, tfcfr autyimn 1 gathering (till to come^which this year takes ] place on the old coarse at Adelaide, instead'of i ait 3&s;$piyfen, afc. formerly, anil..-the', £gjgl; traiian Jookey ^ub hare alio grtt to' bold their automn high festival, oommeno* ing on foe tUtti inst. 5W the Ade>> ImaeCdp Ahy'HfaitefrBt we may hare is centred m;foe.gpfoetitfoimanprint,who 1 is the only wpre^tatire from this colony 1% and from theform ehe showed in the Anstra? lian Cup, When carrying 7eW 7fo, I tMbk ' ihero will .nbg^thsrm in putting'iie^! down es quite'good,enough to polish off thf South Australian lot, afterthe successful peirforf manqpof lady hfohnsn&dtfonon; theDuke's day there. Of oourse a gopd deal depends npon the number rOde - Jtateaa beharedduruig hir trip when she' was onboard theAHihga, and whether thO'littte steam dipper suffered muchfrom the buffeting of the wiaTM, for tat the pieeent time I here not heard should sbebtre been at all fortunate onthe psssfcg& ! •he may be OOniidered as etas bf die .font repre* sshtatiree at the weight t7«t.) sentfromWe to take part in thatatruggle, ahioh is now looked upon among sporting men as ope olthe prit>ci» pal dishes in oolOnial programmes, ft was , ">"t y.'J _ inrihutedfotiMyctflSti^wtolNtoOOaa Rotbbck, both from Mr. Bowling's stablfc iw fitat wbdreoond in«£eld {Rowing year/Mr. Wilson's Bfcor oarriedeff the -palm nfvictory from nine other* jJbpfc statofteatheAdeteidepeoptabsvemajugbd toretain the * take in their o#n colony.; Tigo yeatoinenooeMion, Mr. SL M BftgotV vrtAl known Fisherman out Oown,wasthe «uo oestful muadidste, when seven sad three reapeotfafiyinadeup the field*. Last year, eight itatted,acdMir» Ryan'sold horse Cap foarer wtopttohiined the winner in the shortest time in which the two mile# h*d everbefore beea treversed,vfc.t8iMn.46sec. This In a measure may be eecoanted /or bythe conditions of the nee having bsen altered from weight for aae to tint of * handicap. Thie jm the origin*! entry numbered no 1m* WW twenty-lite, amongst which were to be found hem One colony Token, L. L, 8benaadoah, Fatienee, and Noma, but the tatter end I*. L. were the only onee left in amongstthe sixteen who M* cepted. I do not imaginethat our plucky doctor has any intention of again risking hie fortune at Adelaide withL.L-, no doubt bang perfectly satisfied to rest ou the laurels gained for him by Lady Manners Sutton in the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes there- STorma wid there fore have to do the trick,evidently, on her own " hook," and when I look down the list, and take their running on the Dnke's day into ao oount, I think Mir. G-. Lewis, whoever that . gentleman may be, has little cause to fear the result. There can be no doubt that the several representatives from Victoria which will make their appearance on the green sward at Rand wick this autumn are, as a lot, superior to any we have hitherto sent up to Sydney. They consist of Mr. Fisher's Ragpicker, Blondin, Charon, and Antelope, Mr. Wilson's My Dream and Gasworks, and Mr. Keighran's Lamplighter. I believe that Ragpicker has been doing as well as any filly could be wished to do, and that she has grown into a great mare since the time she last put in an appear ance on New Year's Day in the Derby, when My Dream made such a hollow example of the field. After her return from Sydney, where she ran second to The Duke for the Derby at the A.J.C. Spring Meeting, and earned off both the Metropolitan Maiden Plate and the Grand Stand Stakes, die went quite off her run ning, and the form shedisplayed at the Melbourne spring and summer meetings was not within stones of her Bandwick performances. She has hada good spell since, and if the accounts from Sydney are true, of which I have no cause ■ to doubt, there is every reaBOu to believe shejiaa returned to her former self. Barring The Duke, no one will dispute but that Ragpicker proved herself the best three-year-old of the Spring, and should either The Duke or My Dream be not up to the mark—and whispers have been pretty rife of late abbut both—Mr. Fisher's chance of carrying off the St. Leger is anything but • remote one. After The Earl's performance last week at Homebush, L suppose the Sydney interest will be at -work again, and that he will be " the Simon pure," but I must say I do not see anything in the chesnut's running there to alter my previous opinion of him. He can acoomptiah a nple and a half in 2min. 52sec., but leas than, that is beyond bis ken. His Derby running at Bandwick, then at Homebush, again at Mel bourne, prove this, and his form the other day at Homebush, both in the Leger and Maiden Plate, shows he is no better now than be das in the spring. Ragpicker, if herself keeps ' Mr. Tait's cbesnut perfectly safe; hot we have My Dream in it, and should she put her foot on to Bandwick in her Sunday garb, the race is all over but the shouting, se tta saying is. I look upon My Dream as one in a thousand, not only from what she has done in public, but from a knowledge of what she has accom plished in private, for her running this year has been such that people have been left in the dark as to what there really was in her. She won the Oaks without ever being asked to gallop until aha went of her own accord the last half mile, in ytmin. gOsec.; and the walked off with the Derby, bard held, in 2min.4Saeo. There have been all sorts of rumours flying about as to one of her legs not being exactly the thing, and when she left for her home on the Leigh after New Year's Day, there were symptoms rather suspicious. Since then she has been enjoying sweet retirement until the other day, when she showed up in the paddock at Flemington, although she allowed her stable companion to do the needful in the St. Leger, and was only walked about for the edification of her friends. There were alto rumours that Mr. Mofiatt, to whom sire belongs, would not allow her 'to leave the oolony { and that Mr. Wilson, how ever much he might wish to lower the New South Wale* flag, had no power to remove her. Be these Tumours as they may, My ' }n going, mifl irtiftnld she be fortunate in gettipg up safe,,ta^e my word for it, she will strike- naore terror into the tools of the New South Wales divirion than ever did the 8,600 guinea Fishhook. Tbisgreat maw will he accompanied by one nearly u great, Gasworks. It is no use matters, to I fearlessly say she can win everything she starts for in a canter. How l should, like to see a weight for age race, a couple of miles, between The Bayb, Whifflgf. Mv Dream, and Gasworks, all i fit. it would he hot work. When ths hipped daughter of Gaslight made her ■dibit she waa ftrfrOm being Op to the mark in -condition y besidee both Mr. Wilson's flllite ootsld hot win ,^foet^'^e*over'w^ite^e oryfpaniop » >hn,howcver,ran third/and^ for th*v*jyn«xt Teoe,tfce M&toumer; Handicap, onemUe and three-quarters, she galloped in theeatiestiof winnte»in 8min. lteeo. i wfil pus over her ...... " ,*»#be oameihahort . and was left at 'the ithw, ,8hji;/iftt^kiS|ds I i. nir ■ ^ Justin^Gap,te«>P>Ues and* quarteTt'inlliii ttaac daf/aatl.theTdtrn Hate on ths Monf1- - -—* weight oter gtatted' w handicap In veiled tab' ^ifrtimde, pop luta^Jb dn&v; U»*o. i-dosSk muenwhetber there bto everfasen bredoutbf England: ttro.suahfilHes brought oat-to tin* tatee: tieifoetion'hfr wndmou •as -.-II*. Wilson frto/thtera In Jd* trstaHg. ObethtogWSn be Very jEimwitithli Kg"*first trip it***. we must only tope for the heel, hot ehould Ww be lucky, my friend" Fogasus" will need to draw in his horns a little with regard to old Tubertnah'i stock, notwithstanding that they are both outof maree that hare shown they i toUlm. animals from other sires. Wf only horses from here in the Gold Cap we Mr. Fisher's Blondin and Antelope. What " Blondin has been doing on his native heath ainee his return I am not so sore about; bat, however 'well he may be, I cannot think he has a ghost of a show in that big affair. Ante* lope'is a horse of another colour, and he proved his calibre to be much better than the common joth at Wegga Wegga and at Melbourne in the New Year's Day Derby, when heraueeoond ten ' lengths behind the winner, certainly; hut it must be borne in mind, that he was ten lengths in front of the third horse, and as many more • before any of the others, and that the time Was 2min. 48sec. from the drop of the flag, and > cot, coording to the Band wick reckoning, as tbev pass the post. He is a big raking colt, end if be can be brought to the prat fit with his light weight, be will be amongst the front rank at the finish. Humours were afloat a short time Bince as to there being something wrong; however, he came out fresh and well at the late meeting, but a great deal too lusty to race; whether the superfluous flesh can be got off in time is a matter for Morrison to decide. I doubt it. Now for the two-year-olds, Charon and Lamplighter, that aTe going to take their part with the New South Wales youngsters in the Champagne and Nursery Stakes. Two finer colts never left these shores—Fish hook was a good one, so was Fireworks—and I have no fear of the impression they will make amongst the New South Wales sportsmen when they strip in the paddock at Handwick, They have both proved themselves to be fast and game, and it will take something out of the way to lick either of them. From present appearances, our prospects this autumn at Handwick look extremely rosy, and our plncky sportsmen, who not only risk their hones at sea, but are at considerable expense, wfll have the best wishes of the public for their success. No doubt, we have not hitherto been fortunate, but it is a long lane that has no turning; and it mast not be forgotten that every care, watchfulness, and management is neeeesary until the day, for there are quite as plucky sportsmen, as good trainers, and as good cattle as our own to be met in New South Wales. There is every prospect of the A J.C. having a great meetiog. And I can confi dently recommend any who can spare the time to take a trip to Sydney during the races at Handwick. 