&fte; tttatdr, PUBLISHED EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 17, 18G9. THE ELECTION FOR THE COUNCIL. Tite election of seven members to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Council takes place on Friday, but as yet wo ato pro foumlly ignorant where,the polling booth is to be, or who is to act as Returning Officer. The Government has not deemed it necessary to enlighten the darkness of the free and independent electors of Mount Gambior, and what they are to do nnder the circumstances we really don't jknow. The majority will no doubt stay At homo and mind their own business, resting content in the belief that the world will wag all the same whether Sammy Raphael, Coglin and Co., be let in or shut out of our Houso of Lords. And perhaps there will be little loss although our ignorance and the Govern r^ent neglect compel al) of us to forego our electoral privileges on Friday next. There has beon a singular apathy all through the present election. Candidates havo come forward as if tho'yr were very careless of the honor they seek, whilo tho publio havo treated tho matter with stolid indifloronce. Tom, Diclc, andITarry might come forward-as they havp|done and they may go in for all that the public appeal's to cure. They have held no meet ing to look out suitable men, or to get at the views of those who have offered them selves. To all appearance tho electors lmvo wished to havo as little to do with tho selection of " good and suitable" men as possible. Thirteen candidates, , it is true, lmvo come forward, but with tho exception of those fow who havo already taken part in political life, who knows anything about them P And political opinions change so rapidly, who can say that he really knows the opinion^ of tho old members? In their published addresses the new aspirants all tell us they are o!d colonists of many years standing, but what clue does that give us to their sentiments or probablo course of action in the future on any question that may affect tho well-being of tho State ? They may probably bo no greater drivellers than those they would succeed, but the " old colonist" qualification is nomiaran tec for that,nncl the publio ought to know moro pF tliera than tins. For instance, granting that such is tho ease, what is it to us that they are well- known in Adelaide. We ought to know some thing of thorn for ourselves. Without that how can wo give an intelligent vote, or how can wo bo expected to vote at all ? The'groat apathy with regard to tbo election shows very clearly tho rotten ness of our present system ? With the whole colony as one constituency the out lying districts are virtually disfranchised and tho Legislative Council election is completely at the mercy of the metropolis. At present only an Adelaide man can come forward for Council honors, as can didates without a town connexion would not have tho ghost of a chance. The Legislative Council thus represents only Adelaide ideas, and if it were not that its powers are so hemmed in the consequences would, no doubt, bo injurious to tho colony at large; and even as it is, it is injurious to have the Council pomposed of men whoso radius of vision and sym pathies are so limited. Like the Assem bly it ought to represent the colony. We trust the Constitution Act will be dealt with next session, t»nd this, among other glaring anomalies, put to rights. The first seven nominated, viz., Messrs. Baker, Barrow, English, Stow, Murray, Milne, and Duun, arc said to bo the Ade laide favorities, and it so happens that they are also the best known hero. What few votes are likely to be recorded on Friday will probably be divided among them, but we question if our readers will feel much interest as regards tho result except as the last two. 