A STRANGE CAREER. A young man, who gave the name of Robert Fucbes, by birth a German, was charged at a London police court with having attempted to commit self-murder. A police constable proved being called to the public baths in Whitechapel, where the prisoner was given into bis custody on , a charge of attempted suicide by stabbing him self on the arm with a knife. Prisoner had a wound in the arm from which blood was flowing freely. In answer to the charge, prisoner said he was tired of his life, and handed up a- letter to the magistrate, which contained a statement of the birth, parentage, and life of the prisoner, written by himself. He states that he was born in Berlin, March, 1844, where his father carried on business as a confectioner to the royal court of Prussia, after a time retiring to live as a private gentleman. Prisoner was always treated very barshly by bis father, who eventually sent bim to Geneva, as apprentiee in a mercantile bouse, but soon after wrote to him to meet bim at Leipzic, which he did, and soon found biraself shipped from Hamburg on board a Hull steamer, with only one shirt and a pair of trousers, to go all the way to Australia. On arriving at Liverpool from Hull, he was met by a gentleman who took bim to bis house, and after keeping him locked up in a small back room for five days, put him aboard of the ship Lightning, which immediately got under weigh, and proceeded to Melbourne, Australia. On the voyage he received much kindness from the captain. Arrived at Melbourne, he (prisoner) complained to the Prussian Consul, who treated him as an impostor. After working about Australia for two years, ha worked his passage back to Liverpool in the Water Nymph, and arrived in London during the time of the Exhibition. To earn bis bread in London he became a shoeblack, and while so employed he learnt that his parents were living in lodgings in Bedford-street, Strand. At last he contrived an interview with bis father, wbo, however, was cold to bis entreaties, and soon sfter bis parents suddenly returned to Berlin. Shortly after, bo (prisoner) accepted the offer of a man named Lammers, acting for his father, to be Bent to New York. There, for want of food, he was compelled to join the army, and served in the Southern army. In 1865 he was discharged, and returned to Liverpool from New Orleans. Thence he shipped as cook on board a Portuguese steamer, trading on the Congo river, but, falling ill, was Bent to London by the English Consul ; after wards he applied to the Prussian Consul and the German Aid Society for help, but in vain, and now, being ill, he had determined to end bis life and wretchedness, laying his blood on the head of his father. The letter closed with a wish that his statement might be made public. Throughout it was written in a neat and steady hand, and showed a good education, but how true it may be is another matter. The prisoner was remanded for a week. The Tablet states that Mrs Da Burgb, the wife of the vicar of West Drayton, has joined the Church of Rome. Brigham Young has now twenty-three actual wives and fifty-one " spiritual." It is stated that the office of Lord High Com missioner to the General Assembly will be abolished, and .£2000 per year saved to the tax payer. The admiration which her Excellency Lady Spencer has roused in the hearts of the Irish people has fouud expression in the pretty sobriquet of Spencer's Faerie Queen. The Mikado of Japan has issued on edict order ing the decapitation of all the inmates of a dwell ing in which a cmflugration originates, accident ally or otherwise. " Patti champagne " is all the rage in Paris just now. It is distilled from petroleum. A New Orleans inventor has made a carriage that runs by spring powor, wound up like a clock. A verdict for £200 damages has been returned in the Irish Court of Queen's Bench against a resident magistrate, Mr French, for having falsely imprisoned, in Naas gaol, a gentleman, arrested by mistake, on a charge of theft, at the last Punchestown races, and against whom no infor mations had been sworn. Mr Findlater, a wealthy merchant of Dublin, and a Presbyterian, has subscribed £1000 to assist in the re-erection of a Church of England parish church in that city, though be took an active part at the last election in favour of Mr Pirn and Sir Dominic Corrigan, being favourable to disestablishment. A lady, once a pupil in the London Orphan Asylum, has devoted the sum of £5000 to the building of the chapel of the new asylum now in course of erection at Watford. One of the San Francisco papers has added a new feature to its birth, marriage, and death column — " Divorces." This department is as well supported and as much a public convenience as its companions. The Rev. C. II. Spurgeon has received an in timation from a person wbo desires to remain in cognito that he is anxious to build a chapel, some schools, and a number of almshouses in connec tion with the Metropolitan Tabernacle. Tbo Weekly Register professes to give pretty nearly the exact number of persons who during last year left the Church of England for the Church of Rome, They number, we are told, between 2100 and 2200 ; and tbe converts, it is added, include two peers, nineteen English clergymen, and seven or eight university gra duates. A singular case of kleptomauia has occurred at Battersea. An elderly lady, waiting in the surgery of Mr Leslie, at Nine Elms, stole a piece of phosphorus from a bottle, and placed it in her pocket. She was burnc so badly on her right side that, on the arrival of the surgeon, it was found necessary to convey her to the nearest hospital. In the Countess Guiccioli's recently published " Recollections of Lord Byron " it is stated that the great poet left behind him, besides a journal of his fatal expedition to Greece, no less than five unpublished cantos of "Don Juan," and that Moore, who was Byron's literary executor (exe cutioner ?), burnt these cantos along with the journal and the famous memoirs, because tbey contained some violent attacks on English society. At an early hour on Sunday morning, I4th February, when a storm which bad been raging since the previous afternoon was at its height, a frightful calamity occurred in Glasgow, close to the banks of tbe Kelvin, and in the imme diate vicinity of the West-end Park. A tall chimney-stalk, from 80 ft. to 100 ft. high, in con nection with the paper-mill of Mr Robert Bruce, and exposed to all the fury of the south- wost wind, gave way at the hour mentioned, and fell right aslant of a row of one- storey cottages standing a few yards distant. Four of tbe roofs were completely crushed by the mass of falling bricks, and the inmates, for tbe most part, perished in the wreck of their tenements. Seven persons, most of them young women, were killed on the spot, and an eighth, who was removed to tbe Infirmary, died there shortly after. Tbe tenants of the two houses nearest the stalk had a narrow escape. When awoke by the crash they found the roofs above them shattered, and the walls bulged in, but they succeeded in crawling out without receiving any injuries worth mentioning. The mass of stalk, in fact, had only grazed it, and had fallen with its full weight on the houses adjoining. An old woman had a remarkable escape. She bad risen from her bed, and was sitting at the fireside when the crash came. Her son and two daughters, asleep in bed, were killed, but she herself received no serious hurt. The Hon. Reverdy Johnson visited Glasgow on the 8th February, and proceeded to Kil- mardinay-house, as theguest of Mr Dalgleiah, M.P. The next day his Excellency visited the Glasgow Chamber of Commerce, where he was welcomed by a large assemblage of members. An address was presented expressing a deep sense of the importance of maintaining friendly relations with the United States, cordial appreciation of Mr Johnson's services towards the solution of differences, and a hope that, at no distant day, the United States would recognise tbe benefits of free trade. His excellency, in reply, said political economists were divided as to whether commercial relations were best promoted by free trade. When tbe United States were brought to see that free trade gave this country an advantage in commercial relations with them they would not be slow to adopt it. In the afternoon Mr Johnson was presented in the City-hall with an address referring in complimentary terms to his diplomatic services. In reply, he said he had from tbe beginning of bis mission availed himself of every suitable occasion to cultivate the friendship of her Majesty's subjects, and to remind them of the duty of entertaining friendly feelings for the United States. In the evening he was presented with an address at a great public meeting, held in the City-hall, and presided over by Mr Dalgleisb. In reply to tbe address, Mr Johnson said that his Government always favoured cheaper oceanic postage, and a few days since had instructed him to use bis best efforts to get tbe British Government to adopt lower rates. The Dean of Westminster baa read a paper at Sion College on "The Three Churches of Ireland." Referring to tbe lecture which be gave on Church and State at the same place nearly a year ago, whicb was so much abused by tbe High Church party for its " Erastianism," the Dean said that nothing which bad occurred since had shaken his confidence in the views he then put forth, but he should on the present occa sion say nothing about disestablishment and dis- endowment — words which, unless they were more carefully defined than they usually were, only darkenod counsel. The three churches of Ireland, Dr. Stanley maintained, represent the three nations of whicb the Irish people is in reality co.moo8ed, and the position which they all enjoyed in respect to tbe State showed bow deeply rooted is tbe principle of establishment in Ireland. The endowment of Maynooth, in Dr. Stanley's opinion, carries with it the whole principle of the establishment and endowment of the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland. When the cry is sometimes heard that the State ought not to countenance in any way the doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, the answer was that that countenance had been given so long and so generally that it could only be withdrawn by the repeal of half the Constitution. As to the Presbyterians in Ireland the Dean remarked it was impossible not to express a hope that the aspirations of Ussher might be realised for the more cordial union of the two Protestant Churches, and that the closer homogeneousness between the Episcopal and Presbytorian Churches in Ireland might lead to a closer intercourse betwoen the Church of England and Protestant Noncon formists in that country. Newgate is a spot which readily associates it self in the mind with tragical events. But the story told in the English papers is altogether out of the common path, and suggests questions of a very strange character. A young woman, a pri soner, murdered her infant in her cell a few days since, and has herself since died from excitement. At the inquest on the child a startling statement was made. The child was born in the West minster House of Correction iu October last, the mother being then undergoing a sentence of eighteen months' imprisonment, which term ex pired a few weeks after the child was born. When confined, therefore, she bad been a prisoner in the Westminster House of Correction for about seventeen months. Who was the child's father ? The following decisions by tbe Privy Council have been given. Giblin v. M'MulIen (judgment). — This was an appeal to the Privy Council, heard on the 19th February, from the Supreme Court of tbe colony of Victoria, and involved a question of liability on the part of bankers for the safe custody of the property of thpir customers placed under their care as gratuitous bailees. One of the customers of the Union Bank of Victoria de posited railway debentures to the value of £10,450, which were abstracted by one of their officers. A verdict was obtained in the colony for the amount, and subsequently, on the part of the bank, a rule was made absolute to enter a nonsuit, from which decision the appeal was made. Lord Chelmsford delivered the judgment of their lordships, tracing from the time of Lord Holt to the present, the law on the subject of bailees. The question was whether there had been gross negligence on the part of the bank, by which the property had been lost. There bad been no negligence proved, and the court below should have nonsuited the plaintiff. The appeal would therefore be dismissed, with costs. Dines v. Wolfe. — This was an appeal from the Supreme Court of New South Wales, and there had been litigation pending since 1863, about a race be tween two horses, " Kyogle," which belonged to Mr Dines, the appellant, and " Traveller," which belonged to a Mr Doyle. The Australian Jockey Club, on a question of age, declared Traveller to be the winner of the stakes, £500 a side, and Wolfe had paid over the money. Dines then sued Wolfe for the stakes, and the jury gave a verdict for £500, on which Wolfe obtained a rule for a new trial, and before the trial Dines lodged his present appeal to her Majesty in Council, and it now came on for argument. Lord Chelmsford delivered the judgment of their lord ships, dismissing the appeal with costs. The Siamese Twins. — A somewhat numerous audience was present at the Egyptian Hall, Piccadilly, to witness an exhibition of the Siamese twins, who first appeared in this country as mere youths, towards tho close of the year 1829 and the commencement of the year 1830\. The strangely assorted pair were born in the month of May, 1811, and are therefore at present in the 58th year of their age. There is nothing in their personal appearance at varianco with these figures, and they seem to have borne the inroads of time very much like ordinary mortals. They have both enjoyed uninterrupted good health for tbe last thirty years. They speak English fluently, and without any very marked foreign accent, and they readily answer any questions that may be addressed to them by their visitors. They never, it is said, under any circumstances quarrel ; they are both of remark ably pliant and gentle tempers ; and, indeed, without this happy disposition, their prolonged existence, under the conditions in which it has been maintained, would probably have been absolutely impossible. They had for many years been settled in North Carolina, as proprietors and cultivators of the soil, but, like many greater people in the Southern States of the American Union, they have been ruined by the civil war; and they seem to have resolved on again exhibit ing themselves in the great cities of Europe, mainly for the purpose of retrieving their shat tered fortunes. They are, at the same time, dis posed to consult tho leading surgeons and physicians of this country and of France, with respect to the probable effect of a separation of the ligament by which they are at present bound to one another. But they conf68B that they have no special desire to undergo such an operation, and it is very unlikely that they will eneounter the hazard by which it would necessarily be at tended. One of the remarkable incidents in their anomnlous lives is that they are both married, and that they have both large families. One of them has three sons and six daughters, and the other six sons and three daughters. Each of them is now accompanied by a daughter, and these young women, whose mothers were sisters and Americans, not only speak English perfectly and have the manners of gentle maidenhood, but present no very marked exception even in per sonal appearance to the European outlines of face and figure. A Disgusting Exhibition. — In accordance with a public announcement duly made in several sporting papers, a wager of a rather novel and decidedly bestial character was decided on Sunday afterno in in a stable near the intersection of Jefferson and Davidson streets. Two weeks ago, a bet was made between two well-known " sports," one from the Seventh Ward, and the other from the Tenth, that a certain notorious gourmand would eat three dozen bard-boilod eggs, without drink of any kind, within the space of thirty-six roiuutes.. A large beer saloon near the corner of Division and Norfolk streets was the first place designated, but the owner peremptorily objected, so it became necessary to adjourn to a stable. Only the chqmpion glutton, the betting parties, the chosen umpire, and a dozen conspicuous patrons of the ennobling arts were premitted to be pre sent. At one o'clock precisely the word " go" was given, and with electrical rapidity two eggs were bolted, but as suddenly tbe eater stopped and protested that tbe eggs had been " soaped" — that is, boiled to a clammy state — which had been expressly stipulated against. The umpire tested and declared the objection well taken, and ordered forty new eggs to be procured, and boiled under his personal supervision. At three o'clock the " sport" was resumed. The first seventeen eggs were bolted whole in 14£ minutes. The eighteenth stuck fast in tho throat ; the operator gulped painfully, but the obstruction would not stir. The natural moisture of the throat was goue, and soldered irons could not adhere more firmly than did the glutinous egg to the parched throat. The sufferer gulped and strained in vain. He seized the iron handle of the saucepan which contained the boiled eggs, and was about to to inject the obstruction when tbe opposite party called " foul." The umpire, with extraordinary judicial perspicacity, rendered his decision— -that the operator might inject or eject at pleasure by mechanical aid, but the eggs so injected would not count. He went on to give his reasons, and got to the " thirdly" when the suffocating wretch, now purple in the face as the gills of a male turkey, eyes distended outside their sockets, breathing stertorous, bolted the recalcitrant egg with the handle of the saucepan. Seventeen regular eggs and a blank in 16f minutes. ' The eater sank into a chair entirely exhausted, with stomach in a volcanic state. After a two minutes' rest, three more eggs were bolted in manifest pain, eyes running water, and the whole frame twitching spasmodically. Twenty- four eggs in twenty-five minutes, and the operator throws up the sponge, and is taken away by his backers. The amount of the waoer was fifty dols.— -New York Tribune. Serious Charge against Secretary Seward. — A Mr Tasistro appeared before the Alaska Investigation Committee on the 16tb ult., and gave testimony of a very extraordinary character concerning alleged fraud in tbe Alaska purchase negotiations. He stated that Baron Stoeckle, the Russian Minister at Washington, informed bim that Russia only received five million dollars for Alaska ; and he (Tasistro) believed that the remainder of tbe money ap propriated by Congress for tbe purchase, 2,200,000 dollars, bad been taken by Secretary Seward, Generals Banks, Butler, and others. It is not stated who. Mr Tasistro is. His state ments are so extraordinary that very few believe there is any truth in them. The inves tigation is, however, to be continued. Profitable Reading, — The Dublin papers give, in two columns of small type, the Dames of all the persons presented to tbe now Lord- Lieutenant of Ireland at his first drawing-room. This lively and profitable reading is followed by six columns describing the dresses of the ladies. The greater portion of this reading will be to male readers an unknown language. For in- instance, what on earth does this mean, " Jupon of rich white poult de soie, with over-skirt of tulle plissed, and panier of tulle agraffed with ruban ponceau, camargo sash placed derriere trimmed to correspond ?" It is taken quite at random from about 20,000 words of a similar kind. Important to Newspaper Proprietors. — An action of a novel kind has been commenced in the Paris tribunal of commerce against MM. Wittersheira and Norbert-Biliart, the proprietors of the Journal Officiel. The plaintiff in the action complains that the journal, to which he i9 a subscriber, is badly printed, on paper of in ferior quality, that it is full of misprints, and is not punctually delivered. He is, in fact, altogether dissatisfied with the Government organ, and not only 'demands that tbe contract by which he be came a subscriber be rescinded, but claims dam ages for tbe injury which he conceives the editors, printers, and publishers of tbe official journal have already done him. Morals of Public Men — A Boston journal, the Commonwealth, makes the rather exaggerated statement that every afternoon after three o'clock some twelve to fifteen United States senators are so drunk that they are unable to attend to business. The Washington correspondent of the Missouri "Democrat also says that " tbe coming session of Congress will see the certain death and entombment of three men now in tbe United States Senate, all from drink. Take away the pay and good clothes of these three men, and tbey aro already tavern suckers and parasites of the most abject sort. I saw one of them at a friend's house, only yesterday, ask for a glass of whiskey as soon as he entered. He took it in both hands, which shook and rocked rather as in some theatrical exaggeration of drunkenness than in real light of common life, and to see his greedy lips slip by the glass's edge, cheated like Tantalus by his own nerves, was dreadful. He is no worse than two others, but, happily, his term ex pires on the 4th of March. Tho New York Sun adds It is not too much to say that the Senate owes it to its own good name to expel these drunkards. But we do not anticipate from that body any action of so rigorous a nature. The disposition of senators is to bear and forbear with the vices of their colleagues, no matter how gross or how notorious. If a senator were openly to receive bribes, or to commit forgery or murder, it is not likely that he would be punished for it by the votes of his fellow-members. Enormous Election Outlay at North Durham. — The election for North Durham, says the Newcastle Chronicle, cost the candidates engaged in it the enormous sum of £27,000 1 Tho larger moiety of this amount came out of tbo pocket of Mr George Elliot. While the expenses of Sir Hedworth Williamson and Mr Isaac Lowthian Bell amounted altogether to £11,793 lis. 3d., those of Mr Geo. Elliot were £15,302 10s. 7d. The Tory candidate, that is to say, expended £3598 18s. lid. more than both tbe Liberal candidates together. The Land Question in Ireland — Extra ordinary Proceedings. — The Cork Examiner records with great satisfaction tbe success of " a simple and practical method of settling a dispute between landlord and tenant." The credit of the invention is due to the tenantry of the Earl of Sandwich in the county of Limerick. Here is their plan. Their landlord had their holdings re-valued and an extra rent put on. The demand was " so utterly unseasonable " that tbe tenants to a man determined on resistance. They at first addressed a remonstrance to the landlord, but it remained, we are told, unheeded, and notice was given that the demand would be enforced. Submission, it was stated, would be nothing short of ruin to the whole body of tenantry, and " a bold and independent line of action was taken." They went up in a body to the agent, pleaded their inability to pay more, and tendered their old rent, but he refused to take it. They went then in a body to tbe Provincial Bank and lodged tbe amount, and intimated that they would resist any attempt to enforce a demand which, not they alone, but tbe public opinion of the country denounced as unjust. The landlord saw that it would be " highly inexpedient " to press it, and he withdrew it with a good grace. Tho Examiner observes that " it is not often that a tenantry in this country ventures on such a cool and determined stand against an unfair claim or act with such admirable firmness and moderation." Extraordinary Retribution on an Outlaw. — The Jefferson correspondent of the New York Tribune reports the death of Cullen Baker, an outlaw and wholesale murderer. What would appear to be the strangest circumstance, he was killed by a sort of a ghost — a dead man come to life again. I (says the correspondent) have seen both the body of Baker and the ghost. About four weeks ago Baker went to the house of his brother-in-law, a Mr P. Orr, residing in Lafa yette county, Arkansas, broke down the door, and took Mr Orr and their mutual father-in-law, Mr W. Foster, tied their hands behind them, and thus kept them prisoners during the night. In the morning he hanged Mr Orr by the neck until he supposed bim dead : ho then ' cut down the body that he might use tbe rope to haDg his father-in-law, who was-, however, afterward released. After Baker's gang had gone Mr Orr revived, and on the 6th inst., with the assistance of some friends, caught Baker and killed him and one of bis men, Kirby by name. A reward of 2000 dols. had been offered by this State for Baker, " dfead or alive," and 1000 dols. had been offered by the State of Arkansas. Mr Ernest Jones. — Writing to the Illustrated London News, Mr Shirley Brooks says : — " I had a warm friendship for Mr Ernest Jones in the days when his chief pursuit was literaturo, and, though his political career sundered him from the friends of his youth, it could not destroy in those who had already known hira a strong interest in his welfare. Let me say, for tho information of tho many wbo know nothing of him save that he had been a Chartist, had been imprisoned for the mode in which he had proclaimed his faith, and was to the last an advocate of extremo views, as we call there, that in earlier life there was no more delightful a companion, no more thorough a gentlc-man, no more accom plished an ornament to society (as the old phrase goes) than Ernest Jones. He was full of geniality and playful fancy, and those who may collect his poetry will be surprised, as well as charmed, by the grace of his lyrics — I may' add — it is, alas ! no intrusion now upon private topics — tbnt he was singularly happy in his domestic relations, and his home was one of grace and refinement. He sacrificed himself and his social position for the sake of convictions, for which he has suffered long, and has died early. And he refused a competence that was to be the price of his foregoing politics. I hold both his course and convictions to have been mistakes ; but I cannot see the tomb close over him without bearing my earnest testimony — it will have value for those who were acquainted with us in other days — to the affectionate nature, tho var'ed accomplishments, and the indisputable sincerity of him who now lies in Ardwick Cemetery, near Manchester." Death by a Blast of Wind. — Such was the medical testimony of the surgeon who made a post mortem examination on the body of Jane Young, Hungary Hill, Farnham, aged 47, who expired on Friday last, and upon whose remains an inquest was held on Monday. It appears that on Friday night deceased, in company with Henry Williams (a lodger at her house), took home some washing to the Royal Engineer huts. Williams left her and went to the Builders' Arms, where soon afterwards deceased joined hira. Both proceeded on their way home, by the barrack wall, and when near the Army and Navy public- house, west-end, deceased complained of shortness of breath. They went in. A small glass of brandy was given her, and a doctor sent for, but on his arrival the woman was dead. At the in quest, before Mr W. II. Bayley, the doctor, in his evidence, said, " I found an old disease in tho glottis. Death was caused by a strong blast of wind, which caused a sudden contraction of the glottis. Had a surgeon been on the spot imme diately and cut the windpipe she would have recovered." A verdict of " Died from natural causes " was returned. Mysterious Outrage in Liverpool. — a strange affair came to light in Liverpool on Satur day. On Friday night, between half-past nine and ten o'clock, a person named Tiffin, who lived in a house adjoining, heard moans proceeding from an old livery-yard in Ainsworth-street, Copperas Hill, Liverpool, in the occupation of Mr Charles Auger, carter and contractor. Assist ance being procured, several went inside, and found lying in one of the stables, near the feet of a diseased mare, an old man named JohD Worthington, upwards of seventy-four years of age, who had acted ns clerk at tho yard for forty years, and has an office there, his residence being a room adjoining the office. It was supposed that he had been kicked by the mare, his skull being fractured in twe places, and his face and loft hand dreadfully battered, and he was removed to the Royal Infirmary. Tho police, however, having learned what bad occurred, searched the place, and found that the office deskB and drawers had been ransacked. It was afterwards discover ed that £80 in Bank of England notes, about £10 in gold and silver, and the old man's silver watch and chain, were missing. When daylight came, a pool of blood was found outside the stable door, and a broken stretcher — a wooden instrument for stretching traces of harness, fitted with an iron ferrule at one end — was fouDd hidden in a mash tub in the yard. It thus ap peared that outrage- and attempted murder had been committed, and the poor victim dragged to tho stable, and placed near the horse's feet as a blind. On Saturday afternoon the police ap prehended Thomas Birchall, grandson of the old man. Shocking Tragedy at a Private Ball. — A correspondent writing from Council Bluffs, Iowa, gives the particulars of a frightful outrage committed in the house of a Mr Holloway. A dance was being held at his residence, and two rowdies, Jackson and Norton by name, went to the house and requested the girls to dance with them. On being refused, Jackson drew a re volver and fired a shot into the room, and then swung his pistol about him, striking Mr Holloway in the head and crushing his skull. Holloway's brother came to his rescue with a gun, and struck the murderer over the head. The other ruffian drew a knife and stabbed the dying man several times in the neck. Jackson then endeavoured to escape on a horse that was hitched at the door. He succeeded in getting out into Nebraska, where he was arrested at the Weeping Waters. Norton was secured at once. Both men were locked up in tho Fremont county gaol to await trial. On Saturday night, about eleven o'clock, the inhabitants of the town were alarmed by the appearance of about 100 men, many of them mounted, the rest in sleighs, and supposed to be from the vicinity of Plum Hollow, as the place is called where Mr Holloway lived. The men were fully armed, besides being provided with sledge-hammers, axes, and other tools suited to their purpose, and immediately on arriving in town proceeded to the county gaol, where Jack son and James Norton, the men charged with Holloway's murder, had been placed in confine- ment. They then demanded the keys of Sheriff Martin, and made various threats of violence in case they were not produced, but he resolutely refused to deliver them or to reveal the place where they were concealed. Happily, these threats of violence were not carried into execu tion, but the mob contented themselves with simply placing him under guard, and began with the implements which they had brought to effect a forcible entrance to the cell where the prisoners were confined. In about two hours and a quarter the door was got open, tbe cell within opened, and the men taken out and placed in a 9led, with their hands and feet tied, and the crowd imme diately and rapidly left with their victims in charge, on the Plum Hollow road. When about a mile and a half from town tbey hanged the men upon the limb of a very large wbite oak, where they were found suspended on Tuesday morning. A Sad Case of Destitution.— Tho Rockhampton Bulletin of tho 3rd instant relates the subjoined melancholy incidents:— The worst case of destitu tion and misory that it has ever fallen to our lot to chronicle in this oolony was brought under our notico yesterday. A family well known in Rock hampton — John M'Oawley, boatbuildor and car penter. about five months ago, weDt to Rosewood with his wife and six children. Here he was doing badly enough before ho left, and tho olmnge to Rosewood did not improve his circumstances. Tho littlo mnnoy he was able to earn, instead of focding and clothing his family, he spent in drink, whieh soon reducod. him to sickness and prostra tion. An nttnek of fovor and nguo followed one of his drinking bouts, aggravated by the low condi tion to which ho was reduced bv oxposure and in sufficient food. This was followed by diarrhoea, and ho lingered on until nbout three woeks ngo, whon donth roloasod him from his sufferings. His family wore also seized with illness, produced by poverty and starvation. Mrs M'Cawloy, with a false dolicaoy. concealed tho dospornte circum stances to which shonnd her ohildron wero roduoed, until concealment bcoamo no longer possible. Some relief was givon. and wo hnvo no doubt tho miners and peoplo in business in Rosewood would not knowingly have nllowed a whole family to pine away for want of tho bare necessaries of life. Rodolph Davis, carrier, finding the sad plight they wero in, kindly brought them all down to Rock hampton. Thoy were in a pitiable state. The Benevolent Society placed tho children at the old depot, where they hnvo been sinco nttended to, Tho mother was sont to tho hospital. The youngest child was put out to keep, but died last Sunday. Tho mother lay for a timo completely prostrated. On Sunday nnd Monday she nppoared to rally, but on hearing of h»r child's death she grew rapidly worse, and died on Thursday morning. Thoro are fivo children loft, all down, nnd tho marks of starvation deeply sot on thorn. Ono ot tho boys is in tho hospital with a bad foot. A lettor was received from a friend in Geelong, inquiring after them. Wo aro informed that tho grandfather nnd grnndmothor of theso poor children have left Victoria for Ireland. Thoy hnvo no relatives in Rookhnmpton. Tho Rev. Mr Hartley is to writo to Victoria to inquiro nbout tho friends of tho children, with a viow to obtain some assistance for them. Mrs Temple has takon charge of ono of tho children, and Mr W. Pnttison has taken nnothor until some information can bo obtained. Tho Benovolont Society will be compelled to find food and lodging for tho other children. Fatal Wandering of a Oiiild,— Yostordny (says Thursday's Age) tho sad intelligence was brought into Queanboynn that a little boy, son of Mr James Gibbs. of tho Burra, had been missing from his homo from tho previous afternoon, and that all attempts to find him wore so far fruitloss. The following are the circumstances under which tho child was lost:— His mother loft tho premises in the afternoon to bring up her cows, leaving tho ohild. who was not three yoars old. in tho care of a girl fourteon or fiftoon years old. Tho mother was not Jong away, but on her return tho child was_ missing, but the girl .scorned able to give no distinct account of having missed him. Search wns instituted, nnd kept up till late in the night by moans of torchos, but, as we have said, without success, and it was at length concluded that tho ohild must eithor perish in tho bush, or had already by falling into a neighbouring waterhole. Upon newB of the occurrence ronching town yesterdny morning, tho police and othors left to render aid in a further search, which resulted in tho disoovery of tho object of their solicitude dead nnd lying on its face in the shnllow water of a sandy creek not for from its Lome. Tho water barely oovered its face, but tho ohild was drowned. Forged Oiikque Troubles.— At tho reoont nssizes our readers will perhaps remember that a man nnmod Murphy was tried and convioted for passing a chequo for 10/., bearing tho signature of Mr H. M. Paul, to an assistant of Mr Zox, store keeper of this town. The chequo having been, of course, dishonoured, and the change, and a por tion of tho goods that had been procured with it. not having been recovered. Mr Zox was. of course, the loser by tbo transaction, but conceiving that Jus assistant should have exorcised grenter caution in tnking it. nnd ought thereforo to be held re sponsible for the loss that had been sustained, ho refused to pay him nn equivalent sum of 10/., be longing to him, which he had in his possession. Tho nssistant, thereupon, brought an nction against his lato employer in the Small Debts' Court, on Monday last, for the rcoovery of tho amount, and nftor a long hearing succeeded in obtaining a vor- dict.- — Wagya Wayga Express. A Canine Case. — Some amusement wns created in the Distriot Court. Sydney, on Thursday, by a ca=o in which the plaintiff brought an action in trover for the wrongful conversion of a dog. I7ia honor informed the plaintiff's solicitor boforo he opened tho caso, that he clearly considered him to be out of court, inasmuch as an action of trovor for a dog would not lio, that nniroal not being a chattel, and tbo common law not considering that sufficient property lay iu a dog to enable nn action of this nature to bo brought; a dog being con sidered a beast form naturro, and not domesticated like the horse. &o.; Tbo defendant theroupon volunteered a statement that he considered it a very hard case. Ho know nothing, he said, about the dog. which had strayed from its owner, and. ho bolioved. had got lost ; nnd subsequently tho plaintiff came and told him that he (tbe defendant) had taken him away, nnd if ho could not reoover tho value of tho animal any other way. ho would " take it out of his hide." Tho plaintiff was thereupon non suited; tho judge, howover, told the defendant that if he really had tho nnimnl ho had bottor return him. Tho dofondant: "Why, ho's dead, your honor. The judge, somowhat surprised, " Dead 1" The plaintiff (joining in), " Oh yes, your honor, ho was bitten by a snako and died I" Tho whole case, as may be observed, was of a deoidedlv nnimin character.- —Empire. 