? THE UNBOLTED DOOR. An aged widow eat alono Beside her narrow hearth; Her "sUont cottage never.heard The ringing laugh of mirth. 8ixohildr.jn once hud sportod there, but now the churchyard Know Fell noitly oil five littlo graves that were not long ago. She nrourned^hem all with patient love, 'But Bincc lier eyo3 had shod Fro- bitterer tears than those which dewed Tho faces of the doad. Tbe child which Jiad been sparod to her, her ..'..-. dui-ling and her pride, Tlie woolwmother livod to wish that she had also died 1 TheBe jjttle ones beneath the snow, Nottost, but gtmejicforo ; Faith taught her all was well with them, And thon the-pang was o'er; But when elio thought where Katie was, she saw the ci^s-glare, Tho painted mask of bitter joy which Need gave Sin to •wear Without the snow was thick and white, Nonstop had fallen thcro; Within she satbesido her fire Each thought a silent prayer, When suddenly, behind her soat, unwonted noise .she beard, As though a hesitating hand the rustic latch had Stirred. She turned, and there the wanderer stood, . With snow-flakes on her hair, A faded woman, wild and worn, The ghost of something fair. And fhen upon tho mother's neck the withered; brow was laid, 1 Can God and you forgive me all J for I have sinned," she said. Ths widow dropped apon her knees, Before tho fading fire, And thanked the Lord, whose loving hand Had granted her desire. The daughter kneeled besido her too, tears streaming from her eyes, And -prayed, God help me to be good to mother ero she -dies i " They did not talk about the sin, The-shame, ihe biltor woe; Thoy spoke about those little graves, And .tilings-of long ago. And then the daughter raised her eyes, and said in tender tone, 4 1 Why did you keep your door unbarred when j"Ou wore-quite alone i" " My tjhild," the widow said, and smiled A |mile of love and pain ; n " I kept it so lest you should come, And turn away again ; I've waited for you all the while—a mother's love is truo: Yet it is but the shadowy type of His who died lor you 1" 