GHOST GLEN. (From the Australasian.) GHOST GLEN—or the place that used to bo called by that name—lies about eleven miles south of Kiama, in New South Wales. From a matter-of-fact point of view it is simply a great scoop of land heavily timbered, dipping from the Hlawarra mountains into the sea; but, taking for truth the statements of a local poetical legend, it is something more. According to certain old Irish farmers residing at a respectful distance from the spot, it has been the nightly haunt of two spectresawyers for the last forty years.- To quote some verses, the inhabitants allege that— Over a pitfall the moon-dew is thawing, And, with never a body, two shadows stand sawing. The wraiths of two sawyers (step under and under) Who did a foal murder and were blackened with thunder. And whenever a storm-wind comes driven and driving, Through the blood-spattered timber you may seethe saw striving— You may Bee the saw heaving, and falling, and heaving, Whenever the sea-crest is chafing and grieving! In prose, this would amount to an assertion that a visit by night to the glen in stormy weather is not exactly tho sort of exercise to steady a man's nerves. The other features of the Spectral picture are the spirit of a sheepdog, and a burnt human body changed by fire into the colour of an adder. As the legend of Ghost Glen, like that of Fisher's ghost, used to he a popular fireside topicamonget the old handsof Australia, and as it has travelled to England, the present writer assumes that it will interest the readers of the Australasian. As far back as the year 1820, the Illawarra bush, especially that portion of it extending from Dapto to the northern boundaries of the Shoalhaven district, was frequented by cedarcutters, or, to use the common term, sawyers. At that time these men were tho true pioneers of European civilisation. Long before the farmer or grazier had set foot in those wilds—years prior to the novelty of clearing off and fencing in—the tent of the sawyer was a familiar object to the local blacks. With but few exceptions, the earlier cedar-cutters were convicts out on ticketof-leave, and employed by timber-speculators and others. It may be guessed from the foregoing that the word civilisation requires some qualification in the present instance. Many of the blackest-dyed ruffians of their time were to bo found in the ranks of the Hlawarra sawyers. If rocks and trees could have spoken, they might have been able to tell tales O'er-topping the very front and head of horror. But the few cases of crime that came to light independent of supernatural agency were diabolical enough to shock even the not oversensitive colonial society of those days. For instance, the murder which gave birth to the legend of Ghost Glen, was, in plot and perpetration, of a most Satanic character. A young emigrant—a new chum, in fact— stayed a night at the small settlement of Kiama on his way to Berry's station at Shoalhaven. He had some money about him of which he made a too frequent display. Most likely he was excited by drink—a supposition that is strengthened by the story that his Kiama host sold grog on the sly. A great brindled sheep-dog accompanied him. Two men—characters with the brand of the ruffian on their faces—drank spirits at his expense; plied him with conversation in which the word mate was prominent; and finally started away with him ostensibly to guide him to his destination by a short cut. The unfortunate traveller never turned up again. His companions, who were known to be sawyers of the worst class, and whose camp was supposed to be in the neighbourhood of Kiama, suddenly disappeared from the district. They left no clue to point to their whereabouts, nor does it appear that they were ever traced out. But some months after their hasty departure one of Berry's assigned servants lost his way in tho bush, noar the present site of Gorringong, and during the time camped for two nights in an isolated glon close to a sea-creek. From his statement of what ho heard and 6aw there originated the legend forming the subject of this Bketch. The man was lost for several days. A little tobacco, and a pipe, and a flint and steel were the only things he had about him. Consequently, when he was picked up—ho was found on the. fourth or fifth day—he was half-starved. The delirium of hungor may have been tho cause of tho apparition by which he Bwore ho was visited on tho 6econd and third nights of his stay in the bu6h. Tho startling fact, however, that tho burnt bones of a human being were subsequently found in the glen described by "him gave weight to his story, and elevated the whole thing into a popular tradition. Of course, the present writer does not pretend to imply that there was any supernatural feature in the case. The tale circulated by Berry's servant and the discovery of the bones may have formed a mere coincidence —one certainly equalled in the marvellous direction by others occurring elsewhere, and furnishing better proofs of their accidental character. Or it may have happened that, during his temporary insanity, the man came acroBS the human remains. Admitting this to be the true side of the case, the horrible visions of the glen are easily explained. An abnormally excited imagination drew the picture (ghosts and all) from the bare suggestions afforded by a mouldering skelton. But bo that as it may, the servant's story has become part and parcel of the ghost literature of Australia. What he saw, or rather what he professed to have seen, may bo described in a very few sentences. The first night of the visions set in rainy. A cold sea-wind was blowing, and the wanderer had to make a wurley to ensure some protection from it. By means of his flint and steel he got up a fire, but of course he was supperleBs. A quid of tobacco, however, served to allay the pains of hunger; and the poor fellow managed in time to get to sleep. How long that' slumber lasted he could never tell. Perhaps a couple of hours —perhaps longer. He was awakened by faint sounds like distant gratings of a croBScut saw. At that moment he was tapped on the shoulder. Looking round, he saw a bloody hand and part of an arm thrust up through the graBB, close to his neck. When he turned the apparition disappeared. The grating noise ceased at the same time. Trembling with cold and fright, he got up and replenished his fire. The light and warmth of the latter were hardly sufficient to restore his nerves to their normal condition. But after a while he inclined to the belief tlfet he had had a vivid nightmare, and towards morning he went off to sleep again. A cry—a distant cry from some human being in agony—startled him out of a confused dream. The grating of the saw was renewed, but this time the sounds appeared to come from a spot not a hundred .yards off. He looked in the indicated direction. He saw—just for a second only—the faint blurred figures of two men. The feet of one were over the head of the other. The lower shape seemed to be standing in a shallow pit. The other was evidently supported by a platform raised a few feet from the ground. They were sawing, but the saw was invisible. The terrified spectator sprang to his feet, shook himself to be assured of his wakefulness, and looked again. There was nothing to be seen besides the vague outlines of the forest. Sleep for the rest of the night was out of the question. He sat in his wurley and waited for the morning. The day broke fine, and continued so, but the wanderer was too weak to leave the glen. He managed, however,' to crawl about half a mile in the direction of the sea. Here he made choice of another camping- j place. He was lufcky enough to kill an J iguana, which was soon roasted and de- j voured. As night drew on aheavy thunder- ! storm gathered up from the west. It was ' followed by a gale, which lasted into the' middle of the next day. The traveller, not 1 being able to keep up a fire, took quarters in a large hollow log. Weariness and cold soon blunted the impressions of the previous night, and the result was a so^nd slumber. The first apparition came this time in one of the loudest fits of the gale. The sleeper was aroused by a terrific clap of thunder. His opening eyes were met by the appearance of a gashed blood-dabbled face staring at him through the further cavity of the log. About fifty feet from the remains of his fire there was a kind of black heap, over which a dog was apparently lying. The voices of men and the loud noise of a saw in full work were heard in the first pause of the wind. A slight movement on the part of the spectator caused face, dog, and heap to disappear. But the sawing and talking continued. Almost crazed with terror, the man got up and went out into the rain. He was greeted by a demoniac laugh and the pelting of a pitiless shower. But the supernatural sounds immediately ceased. The last apparition found him lying in vague state, half-way between sleep and a fear-stricken watchfulness. A gurglingvoice, the voice of a man in intense agony, said to him, "for God's sake, tell the Sydney people of this! " A doubled-up body, a mashed moaning body, lay at the opening of the log; a great-limbed but wasted sheepdog licked the dead battered face; distinct in the darkness thero appeared a sawpit—logs, cross-pieces, and all. Two sawyers—huge rough-bearded men—were working in a ring of ghastly light. To the right of the pit lay the smouldering remains of a camp-fire. Diabolical curses, mingled with shrieks, seemed to come from every quarter of the compass. The terrified traveller remained motionless. In one of the breaks of the storm ho heard a man say, " take the money—take everything, but let me go." A savage reply was broken short by a sudden burst of thunder. The dog howled piteously in the darkness. Then a coarse cursing voice shouted out, "let's pitch the on the fire, and cut the cur's throat." A second of silence was followed by a piercing yell and a vivid flash of lightning. The pit and its occupants disappeared aB if by magic. Dog and body were not to bo seen. The only noises abroad were those of the gale. But just beforo daybreak a dead, waxy face appeared at the opening of tho log. The lips moved and whispered faintly. The first words were indistinct, but the listener caught the most of tho rest. They were these:—"I did my best, but Louey will never know-it. They have slaughtered poor old Nep, too. That cursed sawpit. Write to Sydney, Louey." Tho traveller moved his arm, and the apparition vanished. This was the last of tho alleged supernatural appearances. A search- party from Berry's station fell in with the lost servant on the fourth or fifth day of his wanderings. Ho was very much exhausted, but he appeared to bo sane. Nothing indicative of delirium could be discovered in his conversation or manner. Want of food and shelter had made him weak and nervous, but no other effects were evident. His history was told in a clear, consecutivo way, and all his later versions of it agreod in dotail with the first. Tho present writer has already pointed out its subsequent popu larity with a certain class of people living iu the locality of the glen. Thoy assert that tho awful spectacle witnessed by Borry's servant is to be seen at intervals during every stormy night. Thoy swear that the grating of tho spectral saw is often distinctly heard by tho neighbouring farmers. But it must be confessed that tho foregoing assertions aro confined to the old Irish inhabitants of the district. No doubt thoy havo imported with them that spirit of superstition which is peculiar to tho Celt. Half tho ghost stories amalgamated with the early traditions of the colonies might bo traced to one common cause. As hereinbefore stated, there is nothing to show that the murderers of the Kiama traveller wore ever traced. But Pat Mc Anally, an old shingle-splitter, who lived at Bulli, noar Wollongong, used to tell a story somewhat startling in its character. Thirty years ago he had a mate who wont by the name of Jem Hicks. Jem was a " lifer " of tho worst class. According to Mc Anally's statements, he was in tho best of his moods a surly ruffian. Black Jem was no favourite with the settlers; but being a good hand, he was tolerated for the sake of his skill. So in time he went into a rough form of partnership with Mc Anally, and took up his abode in the latter's hut. These men were in the habit of sleeping in different berths in tho one room. Jem, whoso habitual taci- turnity appeared to arise from a morose disposition, was hardly a suitable companion for his lively Irish partner. But they managed to " hit it" together till a certain night of tempestuous weather set in. One of the wildest gales ever known in Hlawarra came on at this time. Jem, who could never sleep well in stormy periods, was peculiarly restless now. His face assumed a weary look—the look of one hunted. The wind moaned bitterly through the slabs of the hut. Thunder-cloud after thunder-cloud fleeted across the sky. Every now and then Mc Anally's mate cast a furtive glance in the direction of tho door. He appearod as if he expected somebody. Mc Anally, growing uneasy, essayed to engage him in conversation. " " Fine night for a ghost stpry, eh, Jem?" Jem remained silent. "This reminds mo," continued Pat, " of that yarn about the haunted sawpit at Gerringong." His companion turned sharply round as if he had been bitten by something, and faced him. " What's up, mate ? " asked Pat. " You hold your gab about that ere Gorringong affair—d'ye hear ? Pity we hadn't you there." "What do ye mean?" inquired Mc Anally, rising. For some time both men were silent—Pat coming finally to 1 the concluBion that his mate had been drinking. "Jem," he said, "sorry that I got my shirt up; perhaps, as you look whitish, there is something wrong with the liver." The apology was interrupted by a deafening clap of thunder. Black Jem stepped sharply across the room, muttering to himself. The door flew open, and the wind rushed in with a yell like the howl of a dog. " Curse the money," shouted Hicks. " Curse the dog. Will a fellow never get peace ? Hold your infernal gab, mate, anent that Gorringong business. You're not a-goin' to pump me." " Why, you black-faced hound," cried Pat, starting from his bunk, "you are one of them, are you? You shall not leave this hut unbound 1" Hicks picked up a junk of firewood, flung it at Mc Anally, and rushed out into the darknesB. He was never heard ofagain. 