GENERAL HETCTS. The retnromg officers for tbe different road dittricts, shires, and oorobgbs, will be called upon in a few days to advertise the annual elec tions. It ia a singular fact that, with very few exceptions an important omission has been regularly made in these notices, and that is, the naming of the ^nomination day before which the canaiaates shall Bendmjtheirnominatipn papers. Tbe more usual way has been to advertise that nominations will be received between certain dates, «nd this fcrm has been adopted in the election to fill the extraordinary vacancy atpre ?ent existing in the borough of BaUarat East, where it is notified by theSUyorthat ' Nomin ation papers, duly signed, and with the neces sary deposit, Will be received at the Town-ball, between the hours of nine a.m. and {our p.m., from the 16th inst to22odinst,bothincbisive and no later.' Such a form of notice is sot in accordance with the set, which provides that the day ' shall be named' before which nomin ations ar« to be received; and this day in boroughs must be 'not less than one day, or more jtbati seven days from the time of giving such notice.' In road districts and shires the day named must be some 'day, not less than tour, nor mots than seven, days from tne -time of giving such notice.' As some elections have been questioned from a want of observance ot this form, attention to it now may save a great deal of future inconvenience,— jtryu*. Hie most cheering acoounto continue to arrive from the up-country districta ; the yoonu crone are looking ?wSU, and our farmers ire' antidpa ting a lieavy return. At the present they are moreidonbtfnlabout the jdioe than .toe jidd —tbe question with many is, -should our yield be equal to what we may calculate Opon from prasent appearauoes, when shall wefindanur ketT WitfianeioBSsiveretun), the last harvest in California, and favourable aooounts from all other griin- growing oountries, and tie prasent etrong and promisimr appearanoe of our own crops, the above-question naturally arises. The gre^endunosual facilities Utterly oflered to everyone inclined to bare his own 'vine and Cg tree,' will recoil most injuriously upon the million who have taken advantage -ao called) of them. Ftodnoere have multiplied in far greater proportion than consumers. Pioughing and BowingVave been enoouraged, and emigration neglected, and the '42nd regiment' will for the preamt^riflBr, jiartioiilarly -those whobave oonfined their attention to wheat and oats alone. ,Wef EmnomiuA, are glad to learn that in some localities the cereals have given way to other tar more profitable crops ; we refer to bops, (Meory, tobsoco, and English grasses. Barley syid rye also are being largely encouraged, and our£romn,ra« a*-ody, will linj italwayito Uieirmdvantsge Johave a variety of crops in ateadof so ioolisbly confining their labours to «*-StwptoBy7 ~S DBS «tvte p£ a'Jverti.iog affected of late by aome -of 6fir traaestnan is certainly calculated to arreatjths jatteptioujjf it does not secure the ^rastnjB^tjdr f^be public. Some time ago tbe ' aetEBi.xtf famid Junueholdera were severely .. «faaken Ijy an aanooooement of ' Poison in the [?] [?] :: Lat_ a: l»sx. bt*^ i.Arr:itz^i ^'-t fccves ted &? -z^ Vj^5 -:i2 be ?a-T-.wi, ati tiss, is firi^re. U -*r-Et of ti' grtstes ti&cst; oi xiaJ is colosUl ;iM» ir'.iji i-= csJie-i leiie:k'' — oUtrret ::s 0-«vi j-jk.'u«- — 'Lai i-*B r-lit*-i is win: by a jtsiita^E litsij- resursei &om; FijL Ha Kory U ihit, ahile Le -n-as at tLe iijjjdt & Mr. W:jko Vie ^.^jz-caA to girt a iec t=re oii ' C--iLS*tr-dii iruDC-rality aid Venalirv.' iteig (sriOBS to iear »Lat the' iectartr had'n sav ce tbis sebject, he wtct t» Ltir, aod was co ;«e aiEcstd than Eurprii^d to find ic tbe !«- ?.crer no oibtr tian WhaUey, the fA- ainirii ab sjjB-iicg manager of the Gseiing das ComjsiEy. ,' lie iita of tkis indiridna! Itctoriisg '.'E im j is'jra;i!j- «-»s idgLiy lodicr'^OE to thott »bo knew ? iiii bistory, bi^ ttty might have ocsolfciiheiB J stivts mih tbe reflection that do one w»s more j sile from pracaesi experience to Epeak of ro ? gosry it is* vari&aE; braoches.' j The Ararat Adt^rtutr observes it it not per , Laps gt^t.-ally koown that the man who dif s covered tbe .Suibsriasdfbire gold-ⅆ wiicL if '. creating sscfa a sir is th« old country, it a for ; mts resdeot of Ararat. Kobert Gillchrist vat i ^mrtinff ttA * m%±^ ^pitYt Uaura \~⁢^.li on/I j .\viiifi. at Skcghttr Yard Hill, Cathcart, cioe / f oar yean ago, bat did Dot encceed in making &cy; very brdliaiit stroke of fortune. Shortly atvn tiiii he removed to Beaufort, where mat ten became more favourable for him, and there he managed to accumulate a sufficient earn upon which t/j retorn to Scotland, lt was, no doubt, the experience gained in this neighbourhood that enabled him to detect the presence of gold in tbe locality now attracting so much attention across the water. From the Mount Gambia- Standard we obtain particulars of the recent fracas between the Abeiaide Hunt Club and certain farmers. — ' The harriers took a false cast, and made a di version through the section of a person named Simmons. The 'whip' followed them, leaving tbe field on tbe road. On tbe entry of tbe whip on tne land, be was assailed by tbe owner and another person, both of whom were armed with loaded guns, which theypointedattbe intruder. On seeing tbe pmsition of affairs, tbe field made op, several coming in band to band con flict with tbeir opponents. A determined fight ensued, in which tbe gone were wrested from thnir possessors and fired off in mid-air, tbe re potts denoting them to be loaded with come thing more than powder. The valiant resisten then bad recourse to atones, with which they battered tb« horses and riders, the wife of one of them standing aloof at a safe rijuhrora, incite ing them vehemently to further deeds of valour. The struggle was maintained by about a dozen ot the company, some oi whom bad dismounted, the rest of the field following tbe hounds, which had gone on the scent Ope of the guns was thrown into a neighbouring morass, and the other was brought to town as a trophy of vic tory. At the close of the fray, several of tbe combatants, particularly the bon. secretary, bore conanicnmiB marirji nf -Bin nLniwli» The land was open, iinfeiw-^ marshy, and unculti vated.' Tbe Ararat Adrxrtittr says :— One of those sad occurrences which happen so easily through accident, took place last week on Mr. Walker's farm, atHiora, Mr. Walker bas for some time had a man in bis employment, who filled a trustworthy position upon his farm, and who during the but harvest, had one of his eyes rendered sightless in consequence of an injury sustained by tbe pnpil, in being struck with force by a grain of wheat when superintending tbe operations oi tbe thrashing machine. Ou Wednesday last, Mr. Walker visited the farm and requested the man's assistance, when iloing something with one of. the calves. The brute was lying upon the ground and some men were amiwring to hold it when the overseer knelt down to grasp the animal's hind legs. In stooping over it, it kicked out and ?tttmrir thn 'wnttr^U Atrn Ta7i4-.li £V*» ahajpn nnnnt. *tf its hoof, completely breaking it, and causing it to run from the socket. Tbe poor fellow could scarcely be made to understand the terrible na ture of the misfortune which had befallen bun, as be was thus rendered blind for life. An eye-witness states that when he rose' and stag gered in bis blindness towards the house, and walked -against the dividing fence, there was not a man present who did not shed, tears. The patient is now in the Ararat Hospital, and in point of health' is progreasiug favourably. Tbe MuswdWrook Monitor, of the 5th inst, has the following: — 'A man brought in from tbe btmh yesterday morning a fine bear, which was immediately skinned and thrown aside. Towards evening, a passer-by, seeing tbe skinned animal, lifted it -op and placed it on a log to examine it, when, horrible to relate, tiie poor tortured brute tamed its bead and bit the intruder fiercely, covering his hand with blood.' On Saturday evening, as tbe coach from Inglewood to Sandhurst was making the turn ronnd tbe Quartz Miners' Arms, Ironbark, into the Korong road, a passenger on tbe box-Beat was precipitated to the ground by the swing, and while in tbe act of falling, he endeavoured to grasp the rein*. The coach, -was immediately pulled up, and on being asked if he was tort, the man replied that be thought he was injured in the leg. He was placed jn the coach, and brought into Sandhurst to the coach-office. Dr. Boyd was sent for, and, upon examination, pro nounced him to be dvine, and recommended WW iCMlVfM *v WO UU01UMU* JJUB WaUf fill UUCC done, tint tbe unfortunate man expired at £be threshold of that institution. We learn that bis name was William Clark, and that he is well known in Inglewood, at which place be was at one time a member of the Borough Council, and connected with a coaching firm. It is aauposedtbat he was in a doze at the time of the occurrence, as there was no violent swing or jerk of the vehicle. A Kind Bei.ation. — A curious case of al leged fraud was brought before the notice of BQs Conor Judge Pohlman in the County Court the other day, in which two sisters and * brother-in-law played a conspicuous part. A young woman named Margaret Cosgrave came out to this colony in 1862 to her sister and brother-in-law named Brown. Tbe plaintiff went to service, and being a careful, thrifty young woman, soon had a tidy sum of money, which Bhe placed in the Melbourne Savings Bsnk. Iteeemetbatiftheplainuff wasoutof ? place she generally lodged at her brotherin law's, and paid 10s per week for her board and lodging, in return for which the plaintiff lent bun 'several Bums of money, and when a settle ment was maile between the parties a balance of £11 iraa found to be owing to 'the olaiutiff. Some time after this the plaintiff went up country to service, and, upon ooming 'down, went to tbe bank *o put some £20 in, when she found Oat tbe sum of £11 4* had been drawn from the bank by Brown without her order. Sbe immediately wtmt to Brown's bouse and asked Jum why tie bad taken .tbe money with out her consent. The defense, set apajras that what the plaintiff had said in evidence regard ing tie taking of the £Q 4s from 'Hue tank -^-~'-t 'i'- --?- ? . - -.-:--?-. --k-.Z' £'hl- :-?:— t^e fc--Ti__ l. .-: ? ;.j : ;: rtais rs./rk ~'-'-;~ ' t*~.i*~- :.i. ? .: - trei-.t; of terii-siij t-Tita ii jr*-.; i ^l ,-. iz. ifjs^ri-.T v- ta-kiV.ct \-- ?-_; L-ii::; ??_:.? t. T-si-tL:--. r^t tie f..-U ??'. '..?-:i-.,;-;L;i.:.:i;::j. Vo;c^is ixuhfaz-i, v.zs ?.??szi L-i 7-1: ? .- -L- :z; .-. i pis a»i-t ? ?'-?-' ^-- m ires. 1 _i_-. t.it re Tirer-naie aid '?'- '-' i-lf^-^r !.;?-_ Tit c.-r: u-xe : her saw , ?»'-: :2-'%e ire*L? 1; . vLt^ t-ey *€re mscL : *'-irt.r-s by a-::.^ :z zlz ;,^si, i.-ar tax fact. ! ^ *-K object ibji'. tiT hz* '.f a cit, b^t of no ; ir::;-: .ir _ J--rm. Ti;5 *x:rijniuiarT-J:.jtl2g i ????';*-~ rzi'Z-tiy. fcif-ire tie..' tyes, Ei'rarg op j i-z-j i. hL:ic: t:*ct:s about eirht feet hii. IL^i *'&\--'-; £.j :t. ij^t c-jjid zti do repiy ; wreck »* ^^i « tuck, aii.i it Eouiid+^i fafjUow. Ii ai*, ?-iaaea two o£ itaa o:ie Btj ^j^j ooe jnother. Us s.y.tLer iccau',11 tLey ret:rei to UA at tie m'JJ^ i-j\ii 'it. i ciim, siiii tight, went to eie-p, ti-pt lor t,'ja.t time, and, cpoc 01* irakicg up nar^g the D^ht. he was much Enrpri=^i to nad ;Lat tEe srhoie :i the roof o! the jrut had faeec reiu'jvfed. Ue lookin,; ost thty §a«- the tjmare, f/nt no one the was about, 'and they art ill '.nitx tare taat ntjtber on this or the f'-rmer oc '-asjua vis it either a 'i»' or a woman, lie iujdfaiy mswg before their eye*, from a mere loiLjlj: to a height of eight feet, quite daiiib-l'jBuded them. Another night thev were mocti Eurprittd at teeing a «r»ng*e aoeanbh'-iovkjn^ animal, somewhat resembling a dog, w itb a i.jng chain atrached to it. This a&iuuJ; catae r.ght in front uf the but, and com u-tuiwj gntaung at tuem, but made no noUe, titaer b- barkiug or otbenrue, save the occa sional rattiing of his chain. A« the animal wuuJd n -,t gt away, one of the men (who was a go-jd shot; loaded a gun, and fired tbe content* direct at tbe brute, but the shot took no effect upon it The dog, or whatever it was, remained for come considerable time. On an other night the dug seemed to have returned, fur they heard the rattling of a chain and a none lixe wnat a dog would make when licking a plate. Ufwn looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been lei t there was in motion, but they cjuld not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above. They watched for some time, tbe plate being kept in motion, and tbe noise being distinctly beard as if tbe plate was being licked by some animal. On Sutiday but these men came into Young, and npon ooe of them returning in the evening he found that the dour of the hut had been pulled down and its contents brought ouUide and left there. Two out of the throe meu are well known to ue, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied npon as the troth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards felled a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the mur dered man's ghost to make 1U appearance.' They must be very credulous people in Burran gong. VK/)ciPEDE Schools. — The nightly scenes at Burnham's and Witty's schools in Brooklyn constitute quite an interesting entertainment. The expert riders uf Brooklyn are multiplying rapidly, and at both theabove velocipede arenas the displays of skill and daring are numerous. Tbe fnnny side of the picture is also exhibited sightly in tbe form -A tbe collisions, falls, nar row escapes, and the wabbling movements of the tyroe in the art. The attendance of specta torE each night is such as to crowd both halls, tbe gallery at Burnham's being specially de voted to the use of ladies and those of tbe other sex accompanying them, while at Witty's hall tbe ladies have the front seats. Mr. Burn ham has introduced velocipede riding as a fea tiUri* Ol \\\tt* AIPn-iBBfl nt ll,a laifir At^ama. MnJ Mrs. Burhham already rides with a degree of modest ease and skill surprisiug to those who imagine that ladies cannot ride a two-whetled velocipede without objectionable expos&t.; The exercise ia especially adapted for ladies, aod it is simply as an exercise that Mr. Bumham has introduced it Kone bnt ladies are admitted to the hall during the ladies' class exercise, and those who have seen Mrs. Born ham ride are in a fever to learn the art themselves. The ordi- , nary dress used by ladies in these calisthenic exercises is just suited for use in riding the bicycles, not half as much ezpotti of the nether limbs being nude as in the ordinary walking attire. Never before in thehistory of mnntif^. tares in this country has there ? arisen jsuch a demand for an article as exists in relatiun to velocipedes. They arc manufactured now at the rate of 1,000 a week, and that is about a tenth part of the number of orders received for them. One contract was made this week for the manufacture of 1000 boys' bicycles.— iv«a- York Time*. 