AWAKING FROM SLEEP. ,\\) In a former paper we have attempted to explain the proximate cause of sleep. The little nervons centres.cnlled gangalia, which rcgulnte the func tions of the parts of the body not under the will, contract the coats of the vessels of the brain, and thus diminish the supply of the blood. While . ' sidoii'can "occur but in one way, the causes of awaking appear to bo numerous. They may all, - however, be reduced to ono ultimate action, namely, revoking the' force of the gangalia upon ..the arteries, and reopening the arterial current . through the brain. Hence waking is different' " " / ' ' from acting in' " sleep ; for this/can/ happen/ .uponl the return of blood to a part only of the 'brain or spinal cord, but awaking is not complete until the arteries ore all open, and tlio full stream of blood is restored. The oocasion for waking may bo in tliei brain itself, or in any of the special \- senses, 'or it iriay 'ririso in tlio unsleeping organs/ of the trunk. : Tri the last case the force of the JgatfgliiL which maihtriiri'the sleep- of the brain is; taken off by an excitation ascending nloug the sympathetic norv.e or. the spinnl cord ; and awak ing is 'accompanied with a troublesome dream, the character of which often depends on the stage of digestion," or with surprise at being pre- ; maturely aroused, and by an unlooked-for, or un known disturbance.. The first kind of awaking ! is moreradiial,. and, proceeds with somo ;sort of conWious conseiiti o'n the part of the- brain ; for : it does not commence till the brain is adequately refreshed; and qsR consequence of the replenish ing of its force. ' Automatically, then, and almost .without will, the reinvigorated brain supersedes Jjip/gariglia./the arteries open, and the sleeper is .wide awake./ In .'such a person the-norvons con stitution is the most perfect. His ganglia are as oncrgetic when relieved from the : control; of ths1 brahi, ns tlio reflex function in a paralyzed limb ; but as, in.a- sound . limb, reflex power iskept down without specific exertion of the will, by the mere' influence of the dominant brain, so is the feanglibuio-forco superseded in- sttch n sleeper oil ; tlio completion of his cerebral sleep. Many per- .! /! sons cannot .thus awake.-' They must be assisted ! / through one of the senses. One morning, accord- inglyitliey are aroused llirotigh the sense of liear- ' , ing, another through touch or the intrusion of light. . But such awaking, involves the condition that the brain shall' be capable of resuming its nc- tivily without precise dependence on the quan tity of 'Hlood it' contains. Iii! an aged "person n-hose.braiu-was .feeble, if; not actually diseased,' this condition could not be fulfilled, and the.pro- \- cess,of itwnlung.from . sound sleep ,\vas;sometimes prql64gedJover :ari hour; tvas attended w-iili blind ness, .whichpassediaway. on complete awaking, anil 'appeared1' 16' co"st an effort which tlieateued ' /-'-.jifq.,- , .s)yitliout . drawing further .upon.; the : phenomena of disease for illustrations of the subject of awaking, it may bo worthy of suggestion that , the Biii-nrisi"" r»/ni,«ijfa nf nnaanUaiiMiaiiE-.lru'-f.riWtliy explionble.by a lomporary reduction of intra cranial swellings., Arteries previously compressed, against th'c base of tiie skull being thus released, the Btate of . insensibility duo, to the pressure on, tliem is removed by tlie return of arterial fiiood to still healthy portions pf the brain. To ba aroused from slcep.by a stimulus from . without involves also -the further condition, that : the part of, the brain excited to prematura awaking shall be so situated as to cxcrciso or induce . contrq) -over tlie.gnnglia. Theso appears to bo a de finite nervous connection, through which n'one each ganglion is brought again under tile dominion of tlio brain; forit.is shoivn by.tho curious dream; in which the will' is awake; and tlio motor power dormant, thatitbero are' partsrof the'bfainiiicapablo of waking one another. ..Awaking must take placo through tlie ganglia ; but" tiio will/in the' dream referred -to it forcing tlio impulses of the cerebral surface, which is 4w4ke,rpu rtb'e.'ccutrarmnss whoso dutyit is to re- , gulato the required movements; but which remains asleep; ./The- sleep being due to the dominant gang lion beneath, to whicli the offo'rts of the will arc not directed, vthe. blood-vessels remain contracted, and. , tlio motor , ceutro sleeps on, . It should bo added, that' tlie irclativo size- of the ganglionic ninsBC-s con trolling tho rospcctire great arteries of Uiobraiu, sug gests I that, thovertobrnl arteries contract less vi- i gcn-qiisly and less completely tlian the carotids, and tjiaf'thoi'sieep of the posterior parts of the brain is' consequently loss profound than that of tlio anterior. The sympathetic/plexuses likewise aro much smaller on theivertebrals ' than on the internal carotids ; in the neck they arc mingled with spinal twigs,' and tjieir , branches witliin' tho cranium do not extend so far along the distribution of : the arteries.'. - Kolliker eyeri, assorts that the, arteries of the cerebellum aro , without nerves. . This, however, does "not probe that thepo'strior parts, do. not sleep, but that they do so through the contraction of the. trunk Vessels' chiefly : or alone — Leisure Hour. . - "Witnesses "to Chajucteb.— The doubtful vnluo of testimonials'' to' ehariiotbr lias been remarkably ex- hibited at the present Middlesex Sessions: A man, I reports the Law'Times, called Goodwin, was con- I . . viefbd, on thb olearbst testimony, of an indecent as- saqlt in a urijial; ' T/io police-sergeant of tjie!division stated- the prisoner to have been known to him for many years as haunting urinals for impropor pur» poses, and . that, ho was ono of a gang who made a business of it. On .this, (ho. presiding judge, Mr Serjeant Cox, sentenced him to seven years' penal servitude.. On. tlio following day, application was made'by counsel to tlio judge to suspond tlio sentence until tlio next sessions, as the convict could produce undoubted testimony that the police had been mis taken as to his previous character. Accordingly, at the following sessions, several witnesses were called of great respectability, who proved that they had known the prisoner for some years, and that his con duct, so far as they had seen, was decent; and a clergyman of distinction wrote purposely to say that he had. him under his eye for a long lime, and that Iris behaviour bad been alwoys praiseworthy. This mass of testimony to' his conduot by day was mot by overwhelming proof tlint ho was quito a different pbrsbiiage by night. In the first place, there was no doubt tbat he was guilty of the offence of which ho / had been convicted, for be was seized upon the spot.' This proved a certain degree of depravity. But tbo police of tlio neighbourhood swore that they had. known him for throe years as one of a gang who 'fre quented urinals . for an infamous purpoBo — as tbo '' companion -of 'a 'fellow who liad bean convicted in tliot coilrt on the previous day as a roguo and a vaga bond, 'haunting Regent-street with painted olieeke, and assuming the nnnio and language of a woman ; tbat he was not known at tlio addresses ho hod given, find epeoial inquiries made at his haunts left nodnubt wliatevb'r what' lib was— ho was at oneo recognised by hs companions as a " doctor," a cant term for a cbnracter not to bo named. So much for tbo value i of evidence of oharactor. All who spoko of liis good Conduct spoke only as to what tliey saw of him by day. Tlio police ond his companions saw what lie was by night. , May not this transformation account for, _ many, contradictions between reputation and fact? And mny not tbo respectability of noon be a mask for the rascality of midnight more often than wenre wont tosuspoct,. . i'.Cdit j/ou toll mo,' asked apundit, 'Why a co nundrumi that nobody can guoss is liko a ghost ?' j',8halkl!itell 'you1 now or next month?' 'Now, if . 'you please.' ' Well, sir, sooner or latter everybody : must gfivo it up.' 