AQUATICS. AMATEUR SUBSCRIPTION REGATTA! COMMITTEE. --- Q. Deloitte, H. Freeman, J. Hobson, V. Prout, J. Murphy, J, Oatley, A. Yeomans. Umpire and Starter : A. Park. SATURDAY, 23RD OCTOBER, I869. ' Wo have liad (or somo timo great hopes of the Subscription Regatta which came oft* in Woolloomooloo Bay on Saturday last, but our most sanguine anticipations of its success was a long, long way short of its notual realization. Tho regatta was favored with One weather, although rather warm, which no doutt holped to Induce a largo assemblage of people. The scene on Saturday romlnded us veiy strongly of the Woolloomooloo Day Regatta in its palmiest days, ami we think tho gentlemen who were tho means ot getting up this regatta wore more than compensated by tho excellent sport and unusually large attendance.of spectators. | Lady MacquariVs C>>air was fairly thronged with peoplo, and wo think wo do not exaggerate when we say thoro was between 3,000 and 4,000 present. Tho bay, os is usual ataquatle tournaments, í was covered wttli sailing crafts and boats of all kinds, and it was indeed a beautiful sight lo look at. It must now bo evident to every one that tho publie will patronise aquatic sports, and after this glorious success of an amateur regatta we shall not bo a bit surprised to seo tho Woolloomooloo Bay tryst once moro resumo Its wonted place In our aquatic fixtures ; and we advlso tho gentle- men rosidlng in that locality to imitate tho conduct of the Çommlttoo of the Subscription Regatta, and get up a day's amuse- ment for Boxing Day. Tba Committco mada a very good choice whon they selected tho barquo Minnie for flagship, and she pre- sented quite a gay appearance with tho numerous flags with which sha was decorated. There were a great many persons on board ot her, as also a considerable number of ladies, who appeared to tako great interest in tito different races. A brass band was ongaged for tho day, and by discoursing somo excellent music thoy con- siderably contributed towards tho harmony of tho proceedings. The Committeo were also mindful of the wants of tho inner roan, and in tho course of tho afternoon wo adjourned to tho cabin where a luncheon had been liberally provided for tho visitors, and to which, .we need hardly say, ampio justice was done. If the arrangements of the Committeo, tho attendance, ic, were a glorious Buccess, tho rowing, must also come under the same category, as a good many competitors started in each event, and, speaking generally, tho rowing was of a very high- class character. By the way, wo must not forget to give tho starter-Mr A. Park- ins duo meed of praise for tho capital manner in which bo sent the boats away-it could not bo improved upon. The first raco was a rathor easy victory for Mr Freeman, but wo have so rccontly given our opinion ou his beautiful style of rowing, that lt would bo superfluous to make any furthor comments upon lt. A foul took placo In tho courso of tile raco botween Mr Yeomans and Mr Harrison, which putan and to either'schanco for first placo. This was ii great pity, as thero would havo been a close contest botween them and Mr Fltzhardlngo, wiro lind, through this contretemps, very little troublo In taking second placo. Tho Two Fairs of Sculls Raoo was an equally easy victory, for tho winners-Messrs TrongroiiBe and Wickham-who havo considerably Improved since they mado their debut at Snail's Bay. The efforts of Messrs Prout and Russell were worthy of a better fato ; they stuck very gamely and determinedly to their work, but woro ovldently over-matched. Tho other two boats that started might os well havo been ont ol the contest for all they had too do with lt; had not Mcssrt Brewster and Swift retired from tho strugglo they would have made a closo finish for third placo. Tho raoo for tho boys of tho Vernon was a capital idea on tho part of tho Committee, and it was re- garded with considerable interest by tho spectators. No. 1 cuttci won rather easily, but lt was no arodlt to them, as thoy had a much heavier and bigger crew than their opponents, who, althone! little 'uns to look at ara rum 'uns to go. Whoever instructed thc boys how to row deserves great credit, as thoy kept oxccllont time, put on a " spurt" now and again, whon called on, and wo may sa) richly deserved tho applause thoy received from thc spectators al the conclusion of tho raco. What shall wo say of tho Two Pairs ol Sculls Raco ! It was a great raco Indeed, and a grand exhibition of rowing on tho part of tho winners. For a lengthened period tho Messrs Deloltto' havo been regarded as first-class oarsmen-ii fact, tho best amateur rowers in tho colony ; and judging fron thoir exhibition on Saturday, we should say lt will bo a long timi \- boforo two amateurs will bo found able to mako thom lowor theil colors. Wo regret very much that Mr Q. Deloitto did not oppos< Mr Freeman in tho Sculls Race-lt would havo been the race o tho day ; howovcr, it is too late now, but wo hopo oro long t< soo a race botween thoso worthy opponents. For tho race o Saturday, the Brotiiors Deloltto were opposed by Messrs Frcemar. and Hobson and Messrs Yeomans and Oatley. A capital start wa effected, and Messrs Deloitto took tho lead, closely waited on b; Messrs Freeman and Hobson and Messrs Yoemans and Oatley Tho lattor soon fell back, but thoy manfully struggled to tho lost and were not a long way behind nt tho finish. The other two boat: kept togothor for a timo, but tho Messrs Deloltto wero not to hi beaton, and thoy won rather easily nt tho last. Tho race migh have been much closer had It not been that Mr Hobson wa sorlously indisposed, and could not havo been In a flt state to pull Tho next raco with a Pair of Sculls in Light Watermen's Skiffs brought out six novices, two of whom only havo any claims to b considered good rowers. Tho winner-Wickham-shapes remark ably well, sits lits boat Uko a vetorau waterman, and pulls Uko i Trojan. Wo bolleve ho will yet tako high rank 'among tho vori host of our amataur oarsmen. Harrison was a bad second, but hi two provious races sorlously militated against his chanco in till event, and he may, perhaps, bo ablo at somo futuro timo to tun tho tables on his conqueror of Saturday. For tho raco in Ugh skiffs with a pair of oars, tho Messrs Deloitto, and Messrs Yeoman and Oatley showed out. Thc pulling of the brothers Deloitto wa again the theme of «encrai admiration, and tho spectators llttl expected that Messrs Yeomans and Oatley would havo mado such i good show with thom ns they did. Messrs Yeomans and Oatie; got away flrst, and took a slight lead, but os soon ns tho Mcssr Deloitto settled down to thoir work, thoy speedily deprived thor of their momentary advantage, mid eventually carno in first b. tlireo or four longths. A worthy jlnale to an oxcellont day's racin; was tho Express Boats Raco, and wa strongly recommend futur regatta committees to always have ono of these interesting events o; their programme. Three boats started --- the Herald manned by Messrs G. H. Fitzhardinge, A. Yeomans, C. Fitzhardinge, and J Oatley; the Telegraph --- Messrs Q. Deloitte, H. Freeman, J Hobson, and J. Murphy; the Marie --- Messrs R. Palmer, E. King F. Coar, and J Myers. The race, however, only lay betweem tho two former, tho Marie not having tho slightest chanco wit either of them. They got away on vory equal terms, lind th Telegraph soon got a slight lead. Passing tho Flagship they wer nearly a length ahead, and tiley continued in that position up t and round Pinchgut. When they lind fairly started homeward: tho Herald's crow put on a " spurt" niul caught the icudora ¡ bot crews then went to work in a right hearty mininer, the bow oat being oxactly opposlto ono another. Pull as hard as they coull they, wero not aldo to part company, nnd it was only by desperate spurt, as they neared the flagship, that tho nose of til Herald's boat was poked in front, and thoir opponents Urina a tho finish, thoy were just enabled to score a victory by hardly boat's length. IJoth crows woro greatly applauded at tho termini tion of tho contest, and they truly merited it, as it was ono of th gamest and most exciting races that has evor taken pince in Poi Jackson. AVo must certainly compliment Mossrs Yeomans nm Oatley upon their skill os oarsman ; wo do not stand alone In th opinion, that in a.short time, if they tako caro of themselves, the; wiU bo at the top of tho trco as rowors. The Express ¡tuce bein tho last ovent on the programme, and as there was ovcry appeal .alice of a thunderstorm, the spectators soon wended their wa; homewards, apparently quito satisfied with their afternoon' sport. Tiio following is an account of tho racing : ¿-First Raco.-2-30 p.m. :'Pair of souUs in Ught skiffs. 1st prize Êresented by AV. MacDonnoU, Esq. ; 2nd ditto, Messrs. Flavcllc rothers' speoial prise. ' Thetis-Henry Freeman :............. ; Adelphi-G. H. Fitzhardingo..". Sappho- Allan Yeomans.'.. Tommy Dodd-John Harrison In a few strokes Freeman drew himself clear, and took a stroll) Icadup to nnd past thc flagship, followed by Harrison, Yeomans, am Fitzhardingo In tho ordor named. These positions wero uialntalnci past tho Vernon, but boforo reaching Fort Denison, Harrison am Yeomans fouled and Fltzhardlngo took second placo, but wlthou any hopes of catching tho leader, who thus early in tho contes had the raco in hand. Rounding Pinchgut Freeman was first by- long way, Fltshardiiigo second, Yeomans third and Harrison Inst Theso positions wore never altered to the ilnish, Freeman winnini with ridiculous caso. Yeomans mado a lino effort after roundin Fort Denison and Insldo of Lady Mncquario's Chair, and almos caught Fltzhardlngo, hut he did not porsovoro to tho finish, am Fitzhardingo took socond place ; Yeomans, close on his stora third and Harrison last. Second Race. Two pairs sculls in watermen's skiffs, for all win havo novor won a publio prize. 1st prize, valued £0 ; 2ud dlttc £2. Torment-H. AVickham nnd Vi. TrengrOuso. ! Tliotis-Victor A. Prout und H. Russell. Í Hotty-J. Harrison and J. Tierney. . Leisure Hour-AV. Brewster and J. Swift This race requires hut very little description, as tho winners hat lt all their own way. An excellent start was effected, Tormén and Hotty being tho flrst to show In ndvanco. Thetis next, nm Leisure Hour lost. AVickham and Trengrouso soon took a com manding lead, and wero novor afterwards caught, winning the rac by about 100 yards. Prout and Russell quickly gavo tho go-byo ti tho Hetty, but although thoy pulled very gamely they had ni cilanco with tito winners, and thoy carno in second about 60 yard ahead of Harrison and Tlornoy. Brewster and Swift won hopelessly last passing the flagship, and they then retired from th contest, having a woll-founded idea they would bo Jirtt at tin wrong end. Third Raco.-All boats belonging to ships of war. Speoial prizes No. 1 Vernon cutter. 2 Vernon cuttor. I This race created considerable amusoniont among tiio spectators and botli crows wore loudly applauded as they passed tho "chair, and also by their comrades on board of tho Vernon. - No. 1 got i little advantage at tho start, which they soon increased, and the; eventually won tho nico by thrco or four longths. Fourth Raco.-Two pairs sculls, in light skills. 1st prize, volai £8 8s -, 2nd ditto, valuo £3 3s. - , Sabrina-Q. Deloltto and C. Deloltto. : Tliotis-H. Freeman nnd J. Hobson. I Sappho-A. Yeomans and J. Oatley..... I This was ii splendid contest indeed, and created a great deal o interest amongst tho visitors on board tba flagship. It was vcr) keenly and closely contested until after rounding Fort Donison when it was obvious thnt tho Dololttcs had It all their own way Sabrina wont to tho front soon aftor tho start, followed by Thetli and Sappho. They, kept these positions all tho way, generali] there not being moro than a length botween tho three boats lint! aftor passing tho Vornon on tho return home, when Dololttcs in creased thoir lead and won by several longths. A good raco tool placo for second placo, but Frcoman and Hobson wore too mucl for their opponents, and they took socond position by, about twt lengths. Fifth Race.-Pair sculls in light watermen's skiffs, 'for those who havo novar won a public prize. 1st prize, Messrs Cooko'ant Robins's special prizo ; 2nd ditto, valuo £1. . ,. ,' . , Torment-H. AVickham...'..;. 1 Hetty-J. Harrison...........,.......,..' ! Tommy Dodd-O. Harden.! Champion-AV. C. Trengrouso '.-'-. Adelphi- O. H. Fitzhardingo AVickham and Harrison took first and second positions from thc Btart, and-so thoy continued to the ilnish, tho former winning by any distance. Harden was a good third. s ixtli Raco.-Pair oars in light skiffs, witli coxswains. 1st prizo presented by his AVorahip tho Mayor and V. A- .Prout, Esq. 2ntl ditto, vnluo£3. Sabrina-Q. Deloltto and C. Deloitto.' 1 Sappho- A. Yeomans and J. Oatley . £ Yeomans and Oatloy took tho lead, but before reaching thc flagship thoy wore poasod by tho Dololttcs, who soon had a lead of a couple of longths. Thoy woro never caught, and,, dcsplto thc gamo efforts of Yoomans and Oatloy, won by throo or four longths. Seventh Race.-Four pairs seullB in express boats. Prize, vain« £5 Os. Herald-G. H. Fltzhardlngo, A. Yeomans, C. Fitzhardingo, J. Oatloy.;. 1 Telegraph- Q. Deloitto, Henry Froemnn, J. Hobson, J. Murphy 9 Marlo-F. Palmer, E. King, F. Coar, J, Myers . S Tho boats got away on pretty equal terms, and tho Tolcgraph soon took a lead of about a length, the Herald second, mid Marie last. They were In tho samo positions passing tile flagship, tho Marlo being all behind, novor having tho ghost of a chance from tho start to tho finish. Tho two lending boats wero very closo togothor rounding Fort Denison, tho Telegraph still having n slight lead, but before they had reached tho Vernon tho two boats wore lovel, nnd they rowed a desperate rneo BIIIO by Bide up to within a Bhort distance of the flagship, when tho Herald's crew, putting on t determined spurt, got n blt of n lead, and eventually wou hy a boat's length. Thu race created a great deal ol excitement, and, as tho boals neared tho winning post, tho cheers and shouts of tho spectators were alniostileafclilng. Tho races wero Just finished lu time, ns the storm burst shortly niter tho termination of this contest, and a great many of thc spectators must havo got wot through beforo they readied their respectivo lioniCB, 