THE' CAPE GOLD-FIELDS, j Tho following letter, which appearod in this morning's Mouut /Ylexander Mail from a minor who loft Cuetlomaino for thu new Eldorado, idiould be o warning to .other men who nro thinking of leaving Victoria ou similar wild gooao chases i — '< 11 Natal, December 10. 18GS.1 14 1 arrived hero on the 12th inst. I told you in ray last that : Mauritius was dreadfully 'un healthy. Tlirtu of our party wero laid np with tho fovor. I 'fortunately; oscnped. Wo. .woro detaiii.cdjfJow days. in eonaeqQenco,.hufc it matters bat little, I am.sorry to say, for io.« our great disgntft-wo found that nearly all tho reports wo bat heard regarding tbo gold- field s .were- d-- — d lies. Tlio i.o-caUeti'diggiug8 lmVo been .'worked .by. 14 men for twelve 'mouths, during which tiiuo thoy havo only knocked out soino 3oz of, gold- — tluslanco corlnuily-Jeuds 'enchantment to tho viow— for fow'hero appear to know anything about tho diggings. Oho largo merchant of this nlaca' has ovidentlv been tho cause of circulating so imony falso reports. Ho showed us somo quartz from which ho said ho could got GOoz to tho top, which I am euro would not go a pennyweight. I think tho fellow must bo cracked, for ho allowed us to try a prospect of themj and aftor wundingandwashiuga diehfal of tho.mostlikoly ooking btonn, we failed to discovor tho ghost of a speck, nor could wo find a einglo colour ou any of the Jot ho had. If over a fellow de served lynching he certainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most peoplo are of the opinion that tho two specimens that wero sent home came first from Australia ; at any rato, nothing like has ever been fouud hero before or since. I had somo conversation with a German banker, who told me that a'u Euglieh prospecting party, formed on tho strength of the aforesaid specimens, was ex- peoted to arrive ia tbo course of a few days, ho I havo deoidod on waiting their arrival. Tho diggings are no end of a dutinco up- country. Quito a Borko and Wills affair. No provisions tup last 400 miles. No chance of swaggiug it bero. It will cost £40 per man for the purchaso of waggon, bullooks, provi sions, etc., couBcqaenth wc have thought it advisablo to hold on n week till tho prospectors make thoir appearance, aud then try and jein with thorn. in for a penny in for & pound ; we are come so fur and arc bent on seeing a little of tho country, bat whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from mo again. Do all von can to prevent Victorians coming %yer. You could not got anyouo tb icuvo ivaiai ior iuo diggings u you puia inem. I bear there are some old Otago diggers hero, but I have not been able to drop in with them. Again I say stay wbero you ore. You re member Mount Hopo rush or Mcirat Hoax, as it was called. There is a good deal of ditto abont this affair, something not quite the pure merino. By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pas time, but it wonlda't wash. Tbo ICufiira work for next to nothing, 12s per month, and two feeds of oweet potatoes a day; und uh for living being so vory cheap, you can live as cheaply in Victoria aa hero. Fruit is about tho only cheap thing I have seen as yet — 3d for thirty peaches, aud the same amount for ton melons. ... 1 wilt write aa soon as over I can get a chance of doing so. I ' wish I was back in Guildford again catch; mo cproiug on a wild goose oliase again, that's all. — Yours, etc., - ' i - HARRY WAY. ' 