^bfetisfr Having to advise tlio public, may speak free." Mn/rox. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1869. "MR^'-JOHNSTEWART, the elect of Ilia.; warraj is not a gentleman of whom, in his logislativo capacity, wo have a veiy high opinion. He lias ability, but it is ability in tho rough-liberality, but it is tho liberality of the demagogue \--energy, but it is the enorgy of tho puller down, rathor than of tho buildor up. Shrewd, practical, in a certain narrow sense logical, and occasionally grimly humorous, lie is not without his use in tho House, though it is by 110 means a vory pleasant uso. No 0110 has a keener scent for what I10 would term in his somewhat honioly rhetoric a "job," or takes more pleasure in rooting it out for the benefit of his neighbours' noses. No 0110 hasa sharper 03'e for a suspicious "item" in tho esti mates-a superfluous mossengor or a superannuated clerk-or can ask more questions, in a given time, as to the qualifications of a lettor-carrier, or tho precise duties porforracd by tho head of a government department. Ho would bo invaluable as an accountant, where it never was necessary to pass tho accounts ; or inimitable as a cashier, where all fcho cheques presented wore forgeries. As it is, bis largely developed " objective faculty " is m itsoll I'^hur an objection than othorwise. Ihoro can bo little use in proposing upon principle " rednctiona winch aro impossible or unjust in practice; and of all tho melancholy objects in this molaucholy world thero is snroly nono move m^ancholy fa-"1 au eldorly gentleman, who should kn°w bettor, dividing tho Ilonso on tho question of a clerk's _ salary or a widow's pension and voting for clieoso rtavinn- in a noble minority of ono. However, Mr. STEWART is now used to this sort of thing, and we are getting used to Mr. STEWART. His objection to highly-paid civil sorvants wo accept as a not altogether inexcusable weak ness ; and, wo can understand, it we cannot altogothor sympathise with, his more than WiifcLER-ian antipathy to widows. Thero arc other peculiarities in his' move recent parliamentary con duct, which it is much less easy either to understand or to oxcusc-his raids, for instanco, against religion, or at any rate against tho ministers of religion, his puerile buffooneries and violent political partisanship. These arc the dark side of a by no means very bril liant political character, and m the dark wo aro content to leave thorn. Every man has his false as well as his true guides-his evil as well as lus <*ood genius-and it seems to bo Air. STEWART'S fato just now to find his m Mr. PARKES. The superior intelligence of that great man seems to havo com plotely obfuscated tho naturally keen common sense of tho homely Scotch man, or wo should never have seen such an extraordinary anomaly as a red-hot iconoclast crying " treason and murder," or a free- thinker believing in "ghosts." He must be regarded a3 " under the influence," and no more a responsible agent than ono_,ol JJr. GARR'S "subjects" apostroplnsmg_ a. plaster of Paris Vekus under the im pression that it is the shade _ of his mother, or sticking a pin into his own or his neighbour's epidermis. Fortunately, however, for Mr. STEWART and his constituents he lias a brighter side. Removed from the evil'influenco of ghosts, members of tho civil service and widows, and assured against sud den contact with a black coat or a " white choker," lie becomes at once a very respectable member, quite ablo to hold his own in the House, and some times doing good service there. Un couth in speech and manners, but in intellect and information far superior to most of those around him, he speaks often weightily if never eloquently, and displays an amount of knowledge and of sound reasoning powers that would do credit to some of his far ^moro pre tentious contemporaries. There is a fine scorn of shams about him, when the shams do not sit on liis o>yn. side of . the House, which is? very commend able ; and no ono knows better how to make the most of a' gooclqasp, when ho can venture to, do . so without maon-, veriioncjing' his friends.had A romarkable instance of, this feature in tho honourable; gentleman's chara^Wi the other day, when ho . proposed his motion for the repeal of the Newspaper Postage Act. That lie. was perlectly sincere in all the arguments lie used on that occasion, and lie used somo vory good ones, no one will doubt; but .we may bo 'equally sure that not the least powerful motivo of tlio honorable gentleman in bringing forward his motion was the fact that it involved some embarrassment to his opponents., If tho newspaper tax is objectionable in the estimates of Mr. Sajiuki, it was equally objectionable in those of ;Mr.> BAGAR; but who imaginos that . Mr. STEWART would havo been found ro commending to the late TREASURER the reduction of his revenuo ? With this viow of the case, howovor, we have; very little to do. Wo aro not at all . likely, to be guilty of the folly of look linn* a gift horse in tho mouth, and it :Mr.' STEWART or any other member BUC ! coeds in relieving- us of tho imposition which has crippled to so^ se rious an extent tho Press of the colony, we shall bo quite content to leave his motives in tho matter to his own conscience. Thoro aro some 'causosfso intrinsically excellent as. to be ..entirely independent of tho cha racter of their advocates, and tho aboli tion of the newspaper tax is ono of them. . It is indolbnsiblo upon any o-round but bne, and that ground the very lowest that can bo pleaded in jus tification-of any enormity-the power to dp wrong. ? IMio fundciroonfcfil iuig ol all: just taxation is, to securo the maximum of revenue to tho Govorn ment with: tlio itiltiwiunt of ^ incon veniehce to tho public, and with this rule the newspaper tax is directly m conflict. The revenuo it returns to tlio Govormnenfc is so small as to bo barely appi'ociablo, and deducting from this the revenue which it is indiroctly tho cause of losing, the amount becomes contomptiblo. Tlio average amount derived from this tax during the four years of its burdensome existence is stated to havo been somotliing less than £0000 a year, and to arrivo at this magnificent result has involved a decrease in tho circulation of news papers of 569,056 copies and tho total extinction of fiftoen journals. But it has involved something moro. ^ 1' roni the very hour of its introduction tho return of revenue from tho telegraph department has shown a steady decline. Lines havo boon multiplied at an enormous cost, communication lia3 boon oxtonded as tho country was opened up, and population increased ; but tho re ceipts have still fallen off. In 18G3, the year preceding tho introduction ot tho tax, tho telegraph revenue amounted to nearly £32,000. In tho present year, with nearly double tho numbor ol miles of wire, tho receipts for tho first threo quarters of tlio year amount only to c8"21,0.1'l shewing a probablo reduction for tho whole year ol something' like £3000. When wo add to .this tho oxpenso of working tho Newspapor Act, and tho lai'go expenditure in telegraph extensions from which thovo is 110 adequate return, is it not ovidont that tho newspaper tax, so far from being a source of profit, is a source of loss-that tho country is being doubly robbed-robbed of its nowspapcrs, and robbed of its money ? Thoro is, of conreo, a far higher ground than tho merely financial ono upon which the abolition of the "news paper tax may bo demanded, with at least equal justice, but we do not know that it is necessary to urgo it here. Wo have no dosiro even to seem to magnify our oflice, and it is more than probablo tbat if tho Legislature is un able to soo tho injury and injustice of. tho Act in its financial aspect, it is; not likoly to be more sensitive to its still greater injury and injustice in a social point of view. It is, no doubt, quite true, as Mr. STEWART puts it, that " tho advantages of tho newspaper press aro so extensively diffused, so continuous in their opera tion, that no man can enumerate them," but wo can also quite understand, in the face of this just encomium tho As sembly of New South Wales persisting in taxing this universal benefactor. It is, no doubt, quite true also that "every man who is conscious of living by : fraud or assumption, every unjust judge, every corrupt Government, every institution that thrives by fraud and; misrepresentation is against tho news , paper press, which unmasks their im postures, injustice and swindlos,".but we can also understand this undoubted fact being1 hold a very excellent and. sufficient reason for the continuance of fcho tax. Wo arc afraid it is not much use urging this high view of the; case. . Treasurers take little interest in tlio education; of taxpayers, arid, probably, oven loss in the pi-oper . exposure of shams and charlatans. If we are to get rid of tho tax at all, it will bo, not through any sudden fit of gonorosity or; compunction on the part of Mr. SAMUEL or Mr. E AGAR, but simply be cause, it, doesn't pay. 