The Hatol ©oldfleldB. A digfftr who some months ne» left the Mount Alexander district, iu Victoria, to try tin luck op tjie " African gqld-fioldf," writes from Natal to the M»ttnt Alexander Mail:--"I arrived here an the 12th Decem ber. ,At Mauritius three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately cb caped. We were detained a few days in consequence; but it matters bat little, I am ? sorry to say,for,to our great diseiii-t, we found- that nearly all the report# we had heard' regarding the gold-fields were l'e». Tbe so-called diggings hare been worked by fourteen men for twelve month*, during which time they hare only knocked out three OZB. of gold. Distance certainly lends en chantment to tbe view, for few here appear to.knovauylbioK about the diggings. One large merchant of this plaee boa evidently been the rauee of circulating eo many false reports. He showed us fcome quarts from wbieli be said he could gel slity ounces to tbe too, which I »m aure would not produce a pennyweight. I tbiuk the fellow Djiwt> be craoked, for be allowed us to try a pros pect of them, and after poinding and wash ing adi'liful of the most likety-looklug stone { we failed to,discover the .ghost of '? a spec, . nor coutd we Soil tbe color on any of tbe lot he bad. If ever a follow deserved lynch log lie-certainly dues,and I should aotmiud making one to'do-it. Most people are uf tbe opinion that the two specimens that were Bent bome came first fiom Australia; at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here before or since. I had Borne con- j versatioo with a Genua banker, who told me that an English prospecting party, ;farmed so' the Streiigth of the aforesaid i specimens, was ekpeeled to arrive in the! course of a few daye.so I have decided on waiting their arrival. The'diggings are no end of a distance op country-quite » Burke and Willi affair. No provisions for,the last 400 miles. No chanqe of swagging k hers It will cp# £K>:per roan for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, provisions, &c.; . conse quently we have thought it advisable to .bold on A week till tbe prospectors make .their appearance, and then, try and Join with them. ..In for a penny or a . pound i We are «ome eo far and arebint ob seeing a Mule of tbe country; but whatever you do, stay where yon are till yon hear from me again. Do 111 you can to prevent Victorians coming over;' Yp6 could not get 'anyose to leave Natal Fof t^e diggings if you psH them, t tieartbere are eone old Outgo diggers here but. J bai(e not jheeu |able to drppY la with th'era. Again,! say, etay where you<era lfon remember Mouut Bope rash,** MumA BoaK,<aiiit was ealled.' Thereie k«o$Bl deal of ' ditto' about (bis ufhtiv something ] loteuftitllii'pM nnioi' the way, 'I tried to get a Jobettty trade 'ta pass time but * it wouldn't wash' ?' The ? Kaffirs work -far tteaHo-Bothing-IBs poM)ontb,sBd two feeds of fweet potates-per fiayji and, ae for living being eo very cheap,1 yno dsn live as pbeapjj in Victoria ai here- ^ruit ja *|bout the only oheap.thing Ibave seen as yet-3d. for thirty peaches, and tbe same etnouut fur ten iwflotiS. . . .I will-Write as*.ion ever I oan get a chanbe of doing 00. 1 wish I was back at Guildford again ; catch tne. cornice oa* wild- goose eh aw sgsid, that's all." 