THE ELECTOEATE OF THE-HDNTEB.. ME. B0QQ1B AT LOOHIHVAB. OQ Wednesday evening Mr. Alfred Boggie mât the eleotora ol the Hunter eleotorate st Lochinver, far the purpose of giving expression to fau political views. The place of meeting waa the Bed Lion IDO, Mr Keja', end at eight o'olock some thirty eleotora bad aasembled in a large room ID the mo, while abont as many nore vere congregated outside The attendance probably norn bend eighty before the cloie of the proceedings Aftar some delay ID obLaioiog a chairman, the peraona firat proposed being nn willing to take the ofiioe Mr Cameron conaented to preside. and ID a few remaría, bespeaking a fair and impartial heanog for Mr. iJoggia, introdoosd that ge&tlcman; to the meeting. Mr. BOQQIB waa received with some demoDitrationa of applause, and said he appeared before them, with a very great deal of pleasure, lo give a faint indication (for it was impossible to give a lull explanation) of hu'political creed-an outline of the views whioh ba held respecting the present oriais in political mattera, and the ranon* qaestioua of political interest that were no« before tbe country. He conaidered the present a very important o/iaii io the history of the colony, and one in which all tbe eleotora of the ooontry were oslled apon imperatively to do their doty in sending ID proper mea ai their re* presen turves to the obiet connell of the nation-tbe ferliamest of the country i hey, the eleotora of the eleotorate of the Hunter, one of the most impôt tan I eUo.nral districts m the colooy, were called npon to exerciie their privilege, to choose the man that should represent them io tbe highett Assembly ID the colony,, and they should choose a maa who would go Into that Assembly free from all prejudices, untrammelled by any party feelioga or apiniour, who would honestly, inde- pendently, and fearlessly assert their rights and main- tain those privileges, which were their doe in common with the oolony at Urge That being their doty, wai he wrong, he woold ask, in aaying that it waa an impartant ooBt If they renewed tbe history of the five yetrs since they last were called npon to give their votes, they woold see that some very stiiring and important eveDti had taken place* Five yeara ago they had returned Mr Barna , hot he had been elected before that, and, atraoge to say, he had what waa called a walk over the ooaree, others ia rations places bad bad very hard contesta, bot Mr. Boros bad gone in with flj rag colours, and without an opponent As soon as he (Mr. Boggu) aaw that Mr Bobertion had been compelled to enecumb to the uopunoipltd opposition his Government bad been assailed with, he said that rather than Mr Barm should walk over the coarse this time, be would do battle with bim OQ the hosting**, and he was there present that Dight to fulfil that promise He might be told that it was presumptuous on hie part to take that proud position, but he could not view it as presumption ; under tbe free and liberal inatilntiona of the country, every elector had a perfect end undoubted right to come forward . the humblest elector m the colony bad a, right to aak for their suffrages to send bim ID io tbe Parlia- ment, lie did not elm m for himself any very great posi- tion, and he knew perfect y well what his position waa, be bad been for many years connected with the press ID tbe dutnot, and bad in that ospaotty something lo do in moulding and shaping public opinion on that account therefore it was cot présomption on Lis part to offer him- self to them or to think be might be ab e to some extent I torepreaenUfaemintbepiioci|.al Council of the country. The speaker then went on to explain that hu reston for oomlug forward to oppose their late member, wa« be 1 emse of the defection of the latter from the Cowper Government, wbiob he had goce ia avowedly to support, and became of bia persistent support of and blind ad- herence to the party which waa now to opposition, and of which the principal members were Mr Henry Parkes and Sir James Martin. Ile denounced the conduct of the former, and stigmatised bim as a bom bog, a tyrant, and a political impostor, who had been untrue to hi« pro« fen too, and to bia po itical creed He summarised the acta which bad been done by Mr Parkes, and whioh he contended jaitified the use of these terms the introduction otthe ttorkhouse Act, tbelhreemillion loan (a measure introduced by the P*rkea Government) , the cumulative vote dante m the Mnnicipshtiea Act, the proceedings m reference to Mr. Duncan , tbe dis- missal of Puthera Dillon and Conley, and the 'Kiama Ghost" affair He went on to complain of the no consti- tutional nature of the opposition cSored to tbe present Government npon the opening and during tbe progresa of tbe session just olosed, and contrasted with it the per» feotly legitimate opposition made by Mr Robertson to the Martio Administration before it felt, and after all ita principal mensures bad been defeated by large m »jan tits. There nae DO parallel between the two cues. The Martin Government were in a m monly, bat Mr. Robertson bad before the dissolution an overwhelming majority, and if the eleotora did not DOW take the oppor- tunity of speaking out they weald be blamable (bear hear) Thirteen geo tie m en had actually compelled a strong government, holding tbß reina of poavr, and pos- sessing the confidence of the home, to abdiente their position, and appeal to the people, and If a strong ex- pression of opiuiou were not recorded by the ooontry upon this oondoor, a minority io any future house could produce exactly the same result, to the sapping and undermining of their free institutions. He hoped It would be tbe proud boast of the electors of the Hunter that tbey had sent in a man to Parliament who woold be willing (ogive a government a fair and legitimate ob ance of developing a policy, a man who would give the present .administration a fair, impartial, and candid support. If elected, he would give Mr Robertson af ir support if a good measure was brought in he would be found ranged npon the side of the present Government, but if measures were submitted calculated to be detrimental to the colony, he woold vote againat them, He would now gire them hit vie »a upon tbe qa stioneof the day. He waa opposed to the Stamp Act, as he regarded it as liable to evasion and considered the duties under it diffi- cult to sollest. He woola also go m for the repeal of the newspaper tax They might say be waa personally inte- rested m the removal of tbis tax, and so be was be waa personally anxious for the diffusion of educa- tion and tbe spread of knowledge (bear, bear). The Newspaper btamp Act was a tax of tbe worst kind apon knowledge and he abonld strenuously oppose it, The newspaper might be called tbe literature of the working man in the atriotest eenie of tbe word, and the newspaper waa the only organ by which the renJents of the vast interior of the colony coald ascertain the political movements of the capital and the exiatenoe of thoae laws by wbioh tbey were to ba gmded The* were supposed to know the law, and many laws tbey could only know of through the newspaper« Be promised that, lu case of hu return, if the Govern- ment did not shortly bring in a bill for the repeal of the newspaper tax he would un der te ka the responsibility himself of introducing a measure having that object (bear, hear, and cheers) He came now to a very important qoestiou. Every candidate io the oolony would bt asked-"What are your views ID refer enoi lo the Pubho Schools Ael?' His (Mr Boggie'a) opinion wss that the Act waa cot so o bj foti o nable aa some pi opie thought it, but that the administration of it was at bolt. He believed io secular edooatiou. Ha tbougbt the Government should give the people who oontnbated to the revenues of tbe country the opportunity of aeanriDg a sound secular education for their children. But ainoe denominationalism still existed under the ¿ot, and the principle of purely secular education was ihm infringed, the Government was bound in his opinion to reipeot the belief, or even the prejudices, of the Urge section or the community principally concerned He was m favor of some modification in the Pnblie School! Aot In public schools no religions dogma waa taught, but ooly that sublime aenttment that underlies our common Christianity, but 10 Deno« mi nation al schools he was ia favor of allowmg the heads of the vanóos denominations to teach what religion they liked. Then, the social status of the teacher required attention The teacher had not been elevated by the Aot, «1 w«ï promised by Mr. Parkes, and expacted by the country, so far from the atatua of the teacher being improved it waa considerably worse since the passsge of tbe Act (bear, hear). He would advocate a fixed salary for tesohers, and did not consider £200 a year too high a sum r it was not exorbitant, and woold place the teacher lu the large town and the small vil- lage upon an equality There waa also un- fairness io tbe ad ministration of the Act u regarded the prohibition oF teachers from Us- ing aa local preachers ; it was possibly wise Dot to give any permissioD to cfliciate in that capacity, bnt the pro- hibition abonld be general, and not partial, aa ltnow was. Be thought it wrong for Mr Parkes to occupy the position, of President of the Qounoil of Education, but, since he was to that position, he ought to administer it with im- partiality and fairness (hear, bear) If he (Mr. Boggia) were returned he would vote for putting Mr. Parkes ODO (hBar heir), and procuring some one who would aot with, moro impartiality and fairoeBt He referred next to tja immigration question, and Mr. Parkei's speech upon JJ» second reading of the measure lotrodoced by the Goveromeut receotly The clasa of immigrante wanted in thia oolony was not the pauper pepn lation of London, the offiooonngs of Äatoliffo Hiehwav end Bhoreditcb. but the class or indaitrionj .mall capitalista from England, Scotland, and Ireland, independent mea of small capital, who woold lettie on the land, improve it and develope the country. Bool* men should be encouraged to come to the colony, ena they should have given them on easy terms, thirty^01 I forty aerea of ground aa an inducement to settle, no1 I they did not want men to oome who woold only eeapet« io an already over orowded labour market. He waaia ? jftvonr of railway extension on the preiiM tJiUm» W »as.-i-e^-.a Bathurst and to MBIT arnoch, end would then advocate tha construction of tram vats the oost of which wonld be abont £3000 a mila farther into the interior in direct taxation waa the best, moat equitable and easiest method of collecting a r«v*nne, sod he waa in favour of that method he would not be ia haste to abolish ad valorem duties, bat wen Id tax .ninnes somewhat more heavily than at present. Be wonld also tax absentees Be wonld support a bill to limit the duratioa of parliaments to three jean, as he believed members wonld be more attentive to tbeir dnties if they knew they bad to face tfaetr COBS tit neu ta three years after election, he was opposed to payment of mern* bett, wbile he contended for the correctness of the prin- ciple He denied that he was going in fora "billet" and pledged bia honor to take no appointment onts.de the Legislative Assembly, promising, if he found it im- possible to gem a livelihood in Sydney according to hil anticipations, to place hu résignation at once in tbeir bandi He denied being an adventurer, except in the sense that all were adventurers, m Irving to better bim* self, and admitted that he waa ambitions to serve them, and his adopted country, the oonotty where he bad found I a wife (bear hear), and bid reared taree child reu (hear) Bis ambition *.. to serve them, to watch their interests I with the most jetions être, lo expose tyranny in high placea and low places, to raise his voice in indignant remonstrance against all oppression, and to fight tbeir batüea in the great arena of this hu adopted country (Cheers) He thanked them for the impartial and patient hearing they had given him and informed I them that he held in his hand a letter from tbe Premier, who wished him every success in his candidature, and promised bimtodowbathecooldforbiirctorn If,there fore* they were friends of Mr Robertson, favorable to his ministry and considered its continuance in offioe to be for the good of the country, they wonld poll for him (Mr Boggu) at ti e hustings Mr Boaoiabad expressed bis willingness to answer any questions that might be pat to him, hut nene were pnt The CHAIRHÍX called apon some one to propose Mr Bog {is as a fit and proper person to represent the elco tonto. After ioma delay, Mr. M-LTTKxw BEIBBB proposed a resointion in thoie terms. Mr. MOBBIS seconded the motion. Only seven persons held op tbeir hands altogether three ia favor of the résolution, and four agaiost it, and notwithstanding the request of the chairman and candi- date, no others wonld expreis an opinion either way Mr Booen in proposing a vote of thanks to the chairman, called upon the electors to remember that they possessed the privilege of vote by ballot, and enjoined them therefore net to he intimidated at the boatings Ha also counselled them to keep in view the necessity of lending the best msn in The vote waa carried by acclamation, and the proceed- ing! of a very orderly meeting terminated at abont a quarter past ten o'clock. 