THE BYRON MYSTERY. The great Byron mystery has been revealed on authority which, not so much by reason of any con fidence which we give to the authenticator of the history as on the intrinsic and internal evidence of the history itself, we are compelled, though not without some natural miegivine and reluctance, to acoept. Mrs. Beecher Stowe tells at her ghlastly story in the pages of Maemilln's n aogazoine, the editor of which congratulates himself unon being selected os ahe organ of gpatifeing the curiosity and interest of the world. We envy neither this gentleman nor his contributor their very peculiar topics of congratulation. We shall not be at the trouble of giving an abstract or abridgment of Mrs. Stowe's story. Not one of our ?-eders can be igmnrant of its substance, which is that the manuse of the separation of Lord and Lady Brron weas the disonsery by the wife of an adulterousand inestuous connection existing between her lhusband and the only woman in the world with whom he rould commit that crime. Her position towards Lord Biren was as that of Tamsr to her half.brothler Amnon. Mrs. 8towe tells us "that thle whole history of Lord and lady Byron in its reality has long been perfeelly undeistood in many circles in England." SIre. Stone always writes it a loose, careless. itueurate war, and in this instance she moreover indulges in very bad taste in telling her story. But we take the liberty of doubting this particular aseertion. Perhaps a score of hideous tales were invented us lthe real historr of Lord and Lady Byron, at the time of the separation ; and we cannot say that Mrs. Stone's version was not one among many. We are sorry to say that we believe it to be the true one. But tlhat is has long been known, or generally or even specially known in well.informed or any other "circles," we doubt. The very first time it was ever announrced in print was three months before Mrs. Stowe's publication. In an able and interestine paper publishled in the Temple Bar Magisinse of June last on "Lord Byron's iMar ried Life," as far as we know this crime of ineest was irat publicly charged on Lord Byron, and we are bound to say that that article, remarkable for ability, good te?oa, and right feeling, has habed far more effect m compelling us to tlhe conclusion thlat this is the true solution of the mystery than Mrs. Stowe's very unpleasant narrative, or any conetdence which we repse in a writer so inaccurate, and in other ways so positively repellent, as the authoress of Urcle Ton'o Coabin. Again, we say, we accept this version, not on s?count of the external evidence which is brought to support it, so much as on its internal probability. And, first, we will endeavour to exolein why our first impressions were acainst the authoritative dis alsoure published in Maemillan's cMagazine. Mrs. Stowe says, in substance, that Lady Byron was the most Christ-like person whom this later world heas seen; that her whole object in life, between tile yeare 1816 and 1860 was, withl one exception made in the erson of Mrs. Stowe, to keep to herself the greatand freadful secret of her life; that in spite of every taunt, challenge, insult, and provocation on her husband's part, Lady Byron maintained an inflexible salence during his life; that after his death tile "intense faithfulness and love to her husband whlich sunrived private wrongs of the deepest kind"-to use the sentimental talk of the editor of Macmillan's Magazine- still compelled her to bear any miscon structions and misrepresentation rather than divulge the hideous truth. This conduct Lady Byron justi fled to herself on various grounds; some of them creditable, some nearly unintelligible, or at most of very doubtful obligation, and some to which, as far as we can make out, any publication of the story under any circumstances is utterly opposed. If, as Mrs. Stowe tells us, one of Lady Byron's motives for screening her husband and sparing his memory was that she believed in his ultimate salvation, and that the good angel would in the long run and in the next world expel the devil, we should say that this practical application of the Universalist doctrine, which it is well known Lady Byron after her youth adopted, establishes a reason which, though we do not profess quite to understand its force, is as good now in 1869 as Lady Byron found it to be up to 1856--indeed to the day of her death in 1860. If again it was only to spare the feelings of Ada Lady Lovelace that her mother, Lady Byron, was so long and mercifully silent, her daughter's death in 1852 removed this reason. Again, when we are told that "while there were other persons [living] on whom the disclosure of "the real truth would have been crushing as an avalanche, Lady Byron's only course was the perfect silence in which she took refuge," we must remember that, as early as 1851, the year before Lady Love lace's death, the person who would have been most compromised by any disclosure had died. The fact remais that, from 1816 to 1860, Lany Byron never gave this revelation to the world, nor commnissioned any one else to give it. Moore's Memoir was pub lished in 1830. Lady Byron on its publication corrected, explained, and vindicated herself on certain not very material points; but the truth-that is, the whole truth-she still declined to make publicly known. But twenty-six years afterwards, in 1856, four years before her death, and witllh her faculties not what they were, Lady Byron made Mrs. Stowe's acquaintance. There was then an intention to pub lish a cheap edition of Byron's works; and Mrs. Stowe tells us that this circumstance induced some friends, whose names are not mentioned, but who we ame to suppose were privy to the whole hIistory, to urge lady Byron to give her real version of her sad married life. We can hardly make head or tail of Mrs. Stowe's vague and irrelevant story, but she asks us to believe that Lady Byron partly assented and partly declined to make this revelation. "It was her desire to recount tile whole history to a person of another country, and entirely out of the whole sphere of personal and local feelings . . . in order that she might be helped by sunch a persno's views in making up an opinion S to her own duty." The person selected by Lady Byron for this purpose was Mrs. Beecher Stone, and into her hands was placed a paper composed by Lady Byron, "containing a brief memorandum of the whole, with the dates affixed." We pass by the obvious objection that to choose Mrs. Breeher Stowe for her confidante and oracle can only be acoounted for by the fet that Lady Byron was in extreme old age; and again that Mrs. Beecher Stowe got into Lady Byron's intimate confidence, and was made the depositary of a secret which had so religiously and for such religious reasons been concealed from the very best and highest people in England, only increases our admiration of or wonder at Mrs. Stowe's very remarkable and peculiar qualities for recommending herself to great folks. According to her own account, litrs. Stowe advised her noble friend that whlile this great "actof justice did seem to be called for, and to be in some respeots most desirable, yet Lady Byron would be certainly jnsatitble inleanvig the truth to be disrlosed after her death," ending withll a recommendation "that all the facts necessary should be put into thle hands of some persoos to be published after LJady Byron's death.'" Now it is obvious to remark that, on MIrs. Beecher Stowe's own showing, Lady Byrot never commis sioned Mrs. Beecher Stowe, eithelr before her deathl or after her death, to give to the whole world this loathl come revelation, or to write an article on the Brron mystery in lfacmilian's Ioagazine, or thle .tlantlie fafonl.thj that Mrs. Stowe has not produced Lady Byron's written memorandum, but only hler own sen sational anplifeation of it; and that, if Lady Byron aceeded-and we hlave now a good reason for supplo sing that she did accede-to Mrs. Stowe's own sug gestion that "the facts should be put into thle hands of some peraono" for publication, this intention of Iad Byron's is rather strangely carried out by thleir chleatttou by one pernon, and tIhat Tperaon Mrs. Stowe, and in this very grotesqueC form. Lady Byron's solicitors have just told us that the very coerse re commended by Mrs. Stowe was adopted by Lady Byron, who, in her will, executed shortly before leer death, entrusted hert papers to certain trustees, thlerelby excluding every other person than those trustees-c Mrs. Beeaher Stone included-fro. making any use, public or private, of theo.crent secret of her life. Mrs. Beecher Stowo, however, iceds or feiges an immediate vindication for hier contribution to Mac mtillan'os Magazine. Thatmiserablebook, IltheCounte. Guioeioli's Memoirs, she says, "etols rapidly, aend appears to meet withll utiveral favour," and utterly misrepresents the truth. We differ, exceplt in the lst point, from Mrs. Beecher Stone. If the Gniololi book is popular in America we are sorry for Americen taste; in Europe, we can assure her, it ias only met with contempt, disgust, and aversion. Its barefaced impropriety hlas done notleng but injure Byron in the eyes of lthose who, uulike their fatlhers, have never been fasceinated by his genius or daczzled by his popularity. The feeact is this, that Mrs. Stowe could not keep the great secret confidentially entrusted to her, and was bursting for an opportunity to tell it, as much for the purpose of reviving our interest in herself and of being the first to tell a horrible story, as of vindircating the memory of ote whlo in the evrs of right.minded people wanted no rindlictor. So shle has told her ugly tale with great inaccuracy and care. leesnes, in the worst possible taste, for a reaseon ahichl, if true, is quite inadequate to lhe oceasion; and, further, as far as we can make out, without the slightestjustification arising from any request on Lady Byron's part. Stripped of its verbiage and senesa tionalism, Mrs. Stonwe's autheetication and authority amounts to this:--That Lady Byron told hier a certain Ilistorn, and gave her a memorandum of certain fuels in 1856. asking for Mrs. Stowre's opinion whether they should be then and there pnblished by Lady Byron for a certain renason in 1856. Mrs. Stowe advised against the publication in 1856; and now in 1869, thirteen years after*ards, and nine years after Lady Byron's death, Mrs. Stowe publishes this hIistory, authorized and empowered and commissioned to do so by-SMrs. Beecher Stows. We bare celsred Mrs. Stowse with insecurney. She is not reven at tile trohble of ascertainin_ Ladv Bvron's maiden name, wlhieh shie spells Millbnnk. Aosin. she says that Lady Byron's married life con nist'd of "lIwo years ef coneulsire slrueekle," &c.; Lady Byron wans nmarried on January 2. 1815, and sennrPrteld from her usahond st Janusry, 1816. Arnin. Sirs. Stowe says "thlt a short time after her confile ment Lnde Byron was informed hby lher ihusbhad, in a iote, that as Oonn as slhe was alle to travel she mssl co, tal hie corld not a od eonld not loger haure her a~bout ahim." Lade Byron herself, writing to Moore, only ears, "Lord Byron Isas signified to lme,. in wrilting. his ahnoluleo desire Shat I should leave London on the earliest day that I could eonrveniently fi." which he mi.lht pelrhsp well do, colsiderine that his house was fill of executions. But Lady Byron herself nevir asys a word about the brutal '"could nut and would not lnhave her about him." Aain ; how does Mrs. Stnowe. or we may ask how could Lady Byron herself, reconciln the sssortion that after the discovery of tlhe incest Lady Beron "would neither leave him nor ho'rsv himnt" with the fact, a most indisnutable one, that Lady Byron made thle first use of hlier liberty in consulting the lawyers and doclores-a very proper step-and in dielating and compelliqtg a separatioll whieh, as the writer in Templse Bar observes, Lord Byron resisted as lone ae he could ? WVo nroceed to the question, What is gained by thlis revelatl.ion given to the world by Mrs. Beecher Stowes? Lord Byron's fame and influence hare passed away. Lady Byrout was lote ago vildicated. We knew quite enough when we know that there was something unspeakably had and wicked whlich was tile real cause of the senaratioi; and we wanted to know no more. The world is generally just enoueh in its Snal jude ments; Byron's poetry lhas sufieved, many think, undue depreeiation, because be a natural instinct we all knew that lie was ineffubly vile and vicious. Mooro's silly and improper book imposed upon nobody; even Macaulay's vindication was viewed as his one critical blunder; the Countess Guiecioli's nasty book has done her hero more harm tlain guood. In a word, is the world one bit belter for having its suriosity sated by the reselation of this tragic tale of incest and adultery ? We could quite understand the other alternative. Had Lady Byron filfty-three years ago. in the interests of religion and morality, de nounred her wretched hlsbantb - Bad-i she, in order to avert the baleful infunce which his specious and debasing poetry was exercising over the minds of ilhe suseeotibln in the days whlen the Corsair and Parisino and Don Jan were evil household words-had slhe, in tile eternal interests of right and truth, branded hler wirked lord with his incest and adultery, she would, in olr judgment, have done a service to society. But now the interest in Lord Byron is much as our interest in the ains of (Eiipus or Byhlis and Ounus. A morbid and rulear curiosity is slaked, and slaked with a baleful beverece. It is true that tihe name of Byron will be a hisring and a scorn to all generations; hut if this is a gain to tile world, it is to be regretted that the last generatlon, who suffered most by Byron's ponulurity, was deprived of this antidote to his poisonous influence. 8outley's ghost will probably rejoice that there existed so true a jtstification, thousgh unkanown to him, of his phrase of the Satanie school. But we are not so sure that some foolish nople among ourselves may not be misled by Lady Byron's amiable sophistry that her husband after all was half angel, even thlough she has left ample proof that he was a fierce and unmitigated "devil"-to use his own description of himself. A single word more on this part of the subject. The duty suggested by her friends to Lady Byron in 1856 was speciflc. Mrs. Stows thus describes it: "One last act of self-denial weeas required of hler before leaving the world-namely, to declare the absolute truth, no matter at what expense to her own feelines." Whletlhor this advice was sound or not is immaterial; but here was a special issue plared before Lady Byron, and she declined to take it. That issue was that she, Lady Byron, and she alone, and in her own person, was to make the revelation on her part, and volon. tarily. This is one thine, and a thing, whether right or wrong, very different from what lhas taken place namely, a ervelation made, not by Lady Byron, but by Mrs. Stowe, who never had the least aulthority to make it. We mnuy say even more ilan this. Lade Byron goave Mrs. Stows a eerlaut paper, containing elrtain fnets and dstails. Mad Mrs. Stowe published this we should have had somethinig authentic, st least no far as Lady Byron is concerned. This paper Mrs. Stowse has not published ; and whatever the value of tlhe article is, it is not Lady Byron's story. It is en nctlr and precisly not tlat whichl the editor of ,aemillan derscribes it, "Lady Byron's own state ment" ; it is not "an authentic statement." it is nnly Mrl. Stowe's version of what she says Lady Byron told hier some thirteen or fourteen years ago. Its publircation, as we have said, is contrary to the spirit and letter of the advice which Mrs. Slowe her self. acreordine to her own account, tetdered to Lady Byron in 1856; and, which is most important, Lady Byron's solicitors not only protest in the strongest toerms aaeninst Mrs. Stowe's conduct as painful and distressing to Lady Byron's grandclhildren, and as a gross breach of tasto, hut as a breach of trust of the eravest description, and they indignantly denounce hlier conduct in a puhlienation which is simply scanda lous. In this denunciation we hearlily concur. ThIe more iniportant matter, hlowever, remains. Mrs. Beehcr Stowe may have beeu guilty of bad taste, may have been influenced by low motives, may lhave acted without authority or even in breach of faith in telling the tale a' and where she lias told it, may have blundered in telling it, may have foiled in establishine its authenticity, may lhave prodneuced insufficient evidence for it; and after all tihe tale itself might possiblir, depending an it does solelr on Lady Byron's nsselrtion, be an hallucination to which women at the time of childbirth are occasionally sub jert; but the question remains-Is the story, through whatever unpleesait channel it reaches us, true? Rare we got the solution of tihe great mystery P For the truth of the story is quite independert of the par.icular form, which is unsatisfactory enough, in awhich we receive it. As we have already hinted, we think, though we thlirk it withll reluctance, that the hbalance of prohability is on the whole much in its favour. It is intrinsically probable, and some thing more than probable, not only from internal eridence but from a whole cloud of small corroho ratire external detsails, not one of wlirb perhaps is ill itself conclusive, but the cumulalivoe force of whichl taken together seems to be irresistible. The argument is of a critical nature, and, thoueh posrihln weak in this or that sinole link. becomes very im pressive from the muslitude of indirect and casual illustrations sanid slight confirmations of whichl it is capable. Lord Brron was an onle child; his Ilalfasiter Augusta Maria was an only child, and lher motlher was a diroredi. It is slated by Mnore that the hrother and sister seldom, perhlans scarrely ever, met in early life. Anugsta was born in 1783 or 1784, hlier motiser, Lady Crna.rvo, dyiing inl the year of lher birth; Bvron was born it 1789. I1 1807 Augulsta Slaria Byron married Colonel Loich. It was in 1813 thut Byron made his first offerto Miss M;ilhanke. Aeoerdini to Moore's Memoirs it was about Mirsh, 1814, that sAueusa Leigh's name first o-curs in Byron's Correspnndene, nnd in the fro - mentury disry whicl hlie begiun in November, 1813, and destroyed. it some violent fit of some sort of pansioi, in April. 1814, concluding it with a frenziied passage, of which the last werdy are, "O fool! I shall eo mad." On Septlunber 15, 1814, hie made his second offer to Miss ,filbhanie; was aecepted; mar ried Jansurt 2, 1815, ntd the crash come in January, 1816\. Now, necording to Lady Byrou--or ruthier from Lord Byron's own avownl, as quoted by Lady Byron in Mrs. Stowe's nrratlive ('faemsillan, p. 386) -it was in tihe interral between his first and second lroposals to Miss Milbanke that the great sin of hia life was committed; lthat is, at some time in the year 1814, and the period covered by his fragmentary diary; prohabla in the spring or summer of 1814. Byron on his wedding-day is reported by Srs. Stowse and Lady Byron to lave said to his bride: Yosi mngt hasve ased i el froni thiiai iladat I tou hsnd all in yonsr own lower Sins I esletred myclifto you reut. Thseni vnu nmigchti iienode ale wdnt s ouh Iseo adu ; bt t nuuton w-l ilud thlat yoau lv oarreld a dse is. This canu but mean that he had lately become a devil, and that thlis diabolical transformation occurred soon after, or, as he wishled to iafcr, because Miss 3Milbano lad rejected him. Mrs. Stows herself fixes this date. He nrde sn offer of marriuge to Miss ltillbsnke .... they continued a rorrespondene .... from tire heiCht tich mliht have omade hinm happy as tile housband oa noble rewoman, he fell into tie depths of secret adulterous Intrie wnith a blood relatlon, on ear in rorsangsulnty, c .... front lenreforth tills damning goilly secret becamre the ruling fore in sis life, holding tim wells a morbid tsebnaolon. yet Citing him l't remorse and nguisb, and irsain e dread ofdetection. lTo years auhr his refusal ley lis iiibank lit was less toall two years, sad th' lad1', name. as everybody but Mrs. Siowse hnors. an blilbankhl, his various friends, seeing that ir some cause he tao retcrhdd, pressed a mariage upon i bim. The rest requires no repetition. We have goiso tlhrosseli Moore's memoirs relating to this period, 1813.1815, and it is unquestionable nad utideniahle that it uffords grea crrot orroraion to tre. Stoam's---or Lady Byron's-narrative. Byreon's life up to that time Iad been bad ensoug l; hut now thero apps eaeria soelng secret, mysrterious, aid hidden, a frequent referetice to some erpecial guilt and argony, wallic shows tlat something had happened ecry dicnl?ent from all Ithat had happened before; sten guilt dilferent in hind from tsihe unclean and coarse ald drulhken life of ties previous years. It ist aot so much en what Byron atoys, as ois hatl hehints, thisut we fourd this judgment. There is we all knoew, in eases of great ill a strange, unnatursl, or perhaps naturotal, dallinog and playing ronesnd the secret. It is concealed prhape, but it is alwoys on tle verFl poist of being revealed, as tlough, whioh is perihops true, tlhre were some horrid fascittation in crime whicl all but aompels tite criminal to avow it. Read hy t lurid ligit of Mre. Stowne's narrative, wht Byro soid ih o his letters to Soore at this time, hoot lie isertoed in his Diary, and the poems which lie wrote, b•eemo of the highest interest and signifcaone. Some passages from Moore's book we etraet. Titse very first mention of Augusta Leigh oecurs in the Diary : rch2lb. 181. sahe is a friend of Augusta's, and lwhatever aie lores a i can't reltp liing. Mtareis 8. Agunst wants me to mske It up nsrllhCfrlnlrl. I have refudeseed cr is []i body else, bhut I an't deny e her anylhing so must e'en do ILt. pll. I do otw hnve shat w ar haplto ahen se; but tsis s sure ol, hatbt tleer am loneg the society even of er I love (God koowro too well. and the Devil probably tool without a yearning for the company of my lamop. And a week afterwrards the journal was discontinued. We turn tol the eorrespoudence with Moore:--, Peb. 4,ll1814. iMrs. Leit osit lle aL, e.Lteaod. Mareh I [alfter retuomngt toondonl. I Lhae a great mind to tell you that I m uncomfeortable If only to mabe you come to tson .there Is h o one to who would sooesner turn hr coso s laoton. .... ille truthi is, I rae nolack oPfaroumcat to ponder upoe n of tle most gloomy desrptione but tills comes fromu oter causess ... Three Ios nthen upon the spot rinlser to love or hate, but I certaloly hare oubjects 'or both at no very great distance .. . treb 1j Guess -?rkty. . At present I shall say tno more, oand, perhLaps--but no maoter. AprlO. It havemore or less been brealnog aofew of thre favourtte comtaedrmets; but I nean to pull up and marey -if any one mill have me. At this moment Blyron declared a sudden resolutiorn, hiol, however, he did nrot keep, never to write again; snd from other notices, thlr etchnoge of books and letters, wme find that he was in daily eommunsicatio witt his haloltister. NMay 4 he sends Meoore a song, whiellh, by the way, was never published till after his deati, whicl seem s at is time signilicante : I speak not, traoe not, I breathe not thy name, There ts g lelin toe sound, there it uilt an the fame; IToo bre for our passion, too long for our peaue iere those ourors--can their oy or their btrness cease We repent--ere alure--we will breae thom our chain, We rill part--re it l ay-to unite it agogin Oh I tiene he tre gladness and mine be tile guilt. he., &e.;, re. Ar we hare said, not one of thlos erpressions is conclousie, hut taken together they become important. We now come to she separation. Passing over tire briof year of married life, Lady Byron's conduct, as we p vhe all along known it, ier consoltation with Dr. Baillie, Sir Samuel Rtemilly, and Dr. Lushington, are familisr to ererybody. Dr. Lusslington, who had m t first tltought a reconciliation prohable, on further iformation eommunicated by Laedy Byron, altered his opiltion, declared it to be " impossible, and added that if suc tt idea s hould be entertained, le could not, professionally orotherwise, tabeahy part towards etfeeting it." The w-rilr in Tebmje Bor, to whose acurte paper, published three months before Mrs. towe's we hlave already done justice, argues with great force that whatever tbhe offence in Lord Byron's ease was, it must hare been in the eyes of this great ecclesisstical lawyer equivalent to that whihc thle House of Lords had in a celebratedjudgmeut declared to be of suoh an aggravated cature that "duty to God and man" made reconciliation impossible. That offence weas incest. eNo doubt it may be argued that all that Dr. Luhingtoepu hd to guide him in coming to this conclusion was Lady Byron's own unsupported assertious. This is quite tue; and the question narrows itself to this, on hllich everybody must form their own conlusioos. Wao Lady Byron's reela tio n to Dr. Lushigteon a mere erezy foncy and hallucia' tio, or are thlore independent and corroborative circumstances which Lady Byron could not have invented, whlieh invest her story with a high degree of interonal prohbility ? As we have said, the balance of proof in ourjudgment leatts to the latteralternetiowe. With that proof we proceed. Aen soon as Byron was clear of Englanad, he wrote the famous verses "To Augusta," whtich were nvere published till after his death, beginning ,ily sister, sy sweet sister. It is certaioly open to anyhbody to may that it might be only fraternasl love which dictated thr very strong lanseuagoe of this remsrkable poem ; it is also certain, on the oeher Iand, thor, read by tLeo ligltht of Lady Byronto stots, these strange lios are also susteptible of a very difresnt ansd blacker interpretation. As we have said before, token by itself this poem concludes nothing; taken iT coineoioo with other things, it seems to mealt a good deal. ire person to whom lthey ore addressed, it must not be forgotten, had a lhusebaod, ad, aus the peerage tells us, "issue." Poets may addres hs Ihir sisters in very affentionate language, but they teldoma talk of living, and living for ever, with a married woman, oven though she mayg be a favoorito halfnsiscter:? o nhere t wll. to me tou arst the same, A loved regret h s Ie iould 1 nnot resipen. Them yet are tto things Is myas dessiny- A Reorld to roam tlmough, and ahome north thee. Tbe irt ere noftlllstc-lad I still the lasst, It were the iesoen of asy Itlpinfes : . . ees at monesnr I wounld trint I see somen sv hln thing to rlove, but none like thee. Ol! that thou nert hut winhbse! Htnd but ston ulearnt o 1 irai been beter than I not ae he. Tiloe irssn reb bore m tom me would ave slept, I lad not suered, and ion had not wept. We rere. al;d re- -Imos, even as thIu art Beings ho ne' her each other can resign: ie are entined, let deatol come slow or fast. lyrole's first literary work after the teparatiot waoo to write ?agfred, a ehustly tale the interest of whlich centree on incest. We are quite aware that poetsand dramatists are not to be identified with tie charoacters or plots which they draw. Racine wrrto s Pdre, but thic is no proof that lie or any otlter tragedian pree. tised ilte vices of the eharoeters whicrl he draws. We certainly cannot agree with Mre. Stowe's wild assor' tiots trltt "nasybody wtho reads Msftel wilh this story in Isis mind n-ill see that it'--tlle story we stp' pose--"is true." But when it is raid, on toe other hand, as has been said by a writer in the 'irues, "that it is almost impossible that a man wito tite secret of incest on ttis soul would have w'ritteso lIosre." we should ray, for the psyclhologirel r,.sson to wn- hich we liave already referred, this is o very likely thing for him to do. This view of the real aignolieacee of Moulfr'ed is illustrated by a remarkable posenge iso o letler to Stormsy of July i, 1817, soon ofter its publi' cation, and refrcring to a criliquc which had been sent by Metrmy to Byron :--" Send me ttle rest; and also p. 270, where tlrre ic an 'account oftho aupposed origito of this deodful story' ;-in whriclo, by thle way, whloitever it may be, tile conjeclurcr is out, and bmsows nosthirrg of tire mattes'. f Pnrd a I,rellCr riis Floer jlfrnfredj CLra re ran roderie or' rhiri-/efor" Ires son/ of dies." lust lris summer of 1016 wasospent not only isu urioing Morfrerl, bht in Shtelley's companry; and Slilloc at thlss very moimeut was engaged in writing tIre Resell of elaten, a direct and elaborate ritodication of istcet-- and nhielh, if we remembor rigltly, ito its origioal form as Laous and CyC/ho was cress more offensirtve bn it now is. We Itare heard an iogenious but oner- fancifol speculation tltat Astarte, the stronge name of the incestuous sister in Mrnf'ed, contaias a sort of sneurmn of the principal letters ot the tname ot Byromor half-sisler. Bdt tlhis is probably a casual coiticidence. The druma of g'le, ou5 which Sira. Stows rests so airschl as confirming the chtsego of incest, is of mrielt later date. To conclude, is it probable, or even possible, that Strs. Stonee insvenrted tllis history' ?ost improbable \--all but intpossible. is it probable, or even possible, that Lady Byron iuventod this history P Most improbable-all but impossible. Is it probable, or ereto puossible, tltat Lady Byron, withlout intending to misstete or misuanderatnod, did take en osriesu ome foolish snd culpable affectation of vice, some swagger and boost on her hlusband's part of some great aud secret crime, which oibted only in his own morbid imagination, and was only uttered for tbhe sake of annoying his wife, and in his ordinary or oextraordinary evil temper? Just possible-but very improbable. In the story an hallucination on Lady lyroo's part ? Not at all likely-but of course possible. If therefore there is nothing absolutely to discredit Mrs. Stowe's trutlhfulness or Lady Byron's truthfulness, and if the probabilities against illusion or misunderstanding are so great, we are driven to the conclusion that, on the whole, the hIistory in its essence--that is, as a chlarge of incest-is more likely on all accounts to be true than not. That it ought never to have appeared in this most unsatisfactory form, and that great blame attaches to the author of the revelation, we make no doubt.-Saturdoy Reeview, September 4. 