COMMUNICATION WITH PERSONS INFECTED WITH SMALL POX TO BE CUT OFF.-A supplement to the Government Gazette, pub lished on the 4th inst., contains the following order :-Iu pursuance of the provisions of the Public Health Statute 1865, the Governor in Council hereby orders and directs that all communication and intercourse between per sons infected with small pox arid the rest of her Majesty's subjects in Victoria shall be forthwith cut off; and the Governor in Coun ci1 further directs that the central and all local boards of health shall-be, and they are hereby charged with the execution of this order, and such boards are hereby authorised and required to use all lawful means for the enforcement of the same-J. M'Culloch, Chief Secretary. Chief Secretary'sOffice, Melbourne 3rd February, 1869. GossIP ABOUT Louis NAPOLEON.-TO an Englishman, Napoleon's most remarkable accomplishment is the ease and fluency with which he speaks the English language. He talks it well, and, besides, he wants to know all about everything going on, and takes quite as much interest in the approaching elections as if he expected to vote for one of the candi dates. Napoleon is a small man, bright-eyed, with' greyish hair; and while his portraits resemble him, they all flatter him. He is neither. of commanding presence, nor does he seem to be a man of power. Perhaps, how ever, he only shows himself truly great; on geat occasions; yet certainly he does not appear to be more than the ordinary style of mortals. He makes the best show in his uniform on horseback, and is said to be one of the first horsemen of Europe. His face is careworn and sad; he does not look like a happy man; nor does it seem as if he cared so much now as he formerly did about the pleasures of royalty. Perhaps Napoleon would not be sorry if he could get back to private life, and be able to move about with out fear of assassination. He is sixty now; and his hopes are centred in the Prince Imperial. The Empress Eugenie is a faded beauty of forty, of magnificent figure, and full of the sweetest smiles for every one whose eye catches hers. With excellent tact, she surrounds. herself only with ugly maids of honour; and I am told she exerts her woman's privelege quite royally by being in an almost perpetual quarrel with her husband.-English Correspondent in Paris. A snake was killed in Mr. Barbour's gar den, near Gisborne, last week, measuring eight feet in length. It has been about the place foi some time, as the residents have tracked it aeross the fine beds in the garden. An attempt is being made at Deniliquin towards the establishment of a municipality. A Lovx Sno.-The Whitworth nine inch gun, by which the unprecedented range of 10,300 yards was obtained lately at Shoe: buryness, was fired again on Saturday, when it beat even its previous performance, and with 33° 5' elevation, and a 501b. charge, threw a 3101b. shell to 11,127 yards, first graze, being about 1,000 yards further than ever iron mass was hurled by any other gun. There can he no doubt that the use of such guns, carrying considerably over six miles, will completely change the tactics of modern warfare.-Atlas, Nov. 27. A YANKEE ADVOCATE.-The following specimen ot a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no comment :-- "Gentlemen of the jury the scriptures saith ' thou shall not kill !' Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose-egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man; but is that any reason why you should do so 1 No such thing, gentlemen; you may bring the pri soner in guilty; the hangman may do his duty; but that will not exc te yo - No suc i.thing. In that case you will be mur derers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day ? Who, freemen-who in this land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie knife or a pistol in his pocket, No, gentle. men, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe. of peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the interval principal animal viscera, until the spinal vertebrm of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblin of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing ! Beware I say of meddling with the eternal prerogative! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manunmitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder ! I adjure you, for the love you have for the esculent and condimental gusto of our native pump kin, to do no murder ! I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emanci pated country-I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal game-cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious trans migration, to do no murder ! And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you-if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain buffalo and, to sum up, if you ever expect to be any thing but a set of sneakingr, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided, small ends of humanity whittled down to iudistinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted. THE MO0NGOOS AS A SNAKE-KILLER. Some of our readers will remember that on the occasion of the Duke of Edinburgh's visit to the museum a mongoos that belonged to Mr. Parkes was let loose with two live snakes, which, in two or threesminutes he destroyed. One of these reptiles was a black snake, the other a large carpet snake. The little animal made several attacks upon the larger reptile, each time disengaging itself from the folds of the snake, and retiring to a short distance for a fresh spring. The black snake, which we believe is one of the most venomous, was seized securely by the head, and the mongoos never let go till his victim was dead. As the singular instinct of this animal, which seems to give it special pleasure in killing snakes, is little known anmongst us, and is sometimes doubted, we give the following particulars of an instance which has just occurred with a mongoos belonging to Mr. Parkes:-Last Saturday evening, about dusk, one of Mr. Parkes's children reported that a large snake was on the top of the cellar steps at the back of the house. A light having been obtained, a brown snake, about four feet long, was dis covered on the upper part of the steps, apparently absorbed in the contemplation of some young chickens that were roosting under the verandah. Neither the light nor thespectatorsin anywise disturbed him. It was first proposed to turn out a niongoos that was confined in a cage, but as this animal had never been allowed to run about, it was feared that he might be lost in the darkness and confusion. A delay of five or six minutes took place, during which the snake kept his ground, when ultimately a shot was fired at him, which wounded him in about the middle, and disabled him from running away. The mongoos was then taken out of his cage and the snake put into it still in a very lively state-his head darting about in all direc. tions. The mongoos was restored to his cage, and he almost instantly made a set at the reptile retreating and advancing with his movements for a few seconds, and then spring ing with surprising quickness and precision upon its head, which he crushed to pieces between his teeth. Eastern travellers speak of this little animal as dancing with delight round his dead enemy when he has been seen to despatch a snake in his nativb jungles, and the mongoos, whose feat we now record, showed a similar sense of exultation even within the limits of his cage. He dragged the dead snake from his caga several times, walkled round it in apparent triumph, and came to the wires to be petted as if conscious that he had rendered a service-Kyneton Qbservey. .Last week a young lad at Geelong, named Edwin Wood, saved a boy and girl from drowning. This very strikingly shows the advantage of learning to swim. On the morning of the 5th inst. the steamer Formosa, from Glasgow bound to Melbourne, under canvass, went ashore about four miles east of Point Neapean and became a total wreck. The new turret ship Cerebus, for the defence of Hobson's Bay, was, we perceive by the Times, launched fcom the yards of Messrs. Palmer and' Co., limited, Jarrow, on the 2nd December last. A brutal murder has been committed at the Amphitheatre, the station of Mr. T. Clapperton. The victim was a young man named James Henrys, a groom, in the em ployment of Mr. Clapperton, and the mur derer a black man who was a cook on the home station. It appears that he was desirous of marrying the mother of Henrys, and in consequence of Henrys' objection to the union it is supposed themurder wascommitted. Henrys has been missing since Sunday morn ing last. THE NUOGET.-A telegram, dated Dunolly 9th, which appeared in our ,Melbourne con temporaries says -- The largest nugget ever unearthed was discovered to- day by two men on the Black Reef, near Wayman's Reef, Moliagul. It contained very little quartz, and weighed in the gross 210 lb. The net weight proved to be about 200 lb of gold. It was found within two inches of the surface. The men said that they had found a nugge; weiIghing 10 lb only a little tiu, ago. The ium.et was sold to the London Chartered Iluk. ; A LXDY MAYORESS OF LAST !ENTURY. :i Ainsworth,s novel of "City Life in the L-ist Centry ," occurs the following descrip tio:n - T.I?e LI ti. Mayoress, it has been in timated, wnL a few-u years younger than her husband, and being in remarkably good pre servation, might be termed a fine woman. Her person was rather on a large scale, it is true, her features fat and rounded, and her once dimpling chin doubled; but her teeth and eyes were good, and she had an agreeable smile, and a generally pleasing expression of countenance. Her size, however, was vastly exaggerated hy-the outrageous dilmensiona of the hoops sustaining her pink satin gown, which was decorated to profusion with large bows of ribbon, cords, tassels, and wreaths of flowers, and festooned with great bands of parti- colored silks; while her stature was in creased in the same ratio by a surprising lofty head dress which was full three feet above her brow, and might have over balanced a less sub stantially built frame. This monstrous 'head,' the interior of which (if we may venture to reveal the secrets of the toilet) was formed of tow, rose up smooth and straight as a wall in front, being stiffened with powder and pomna tum, whilst the sides and back were covered with ranges of enormous curls, likewise plenti fully besprinkled with powder. Some of these curls descended on her Ladyship's ample shoul ders. But we have not yet done. The tower ing head-dress in question, which reminds one of Queen Huncamunca's, was hung over with ropes of pearls and other jewels, decorated with ribbons in bobs and ties, and surrounded with a plume of ostrich feathers. There seems little danger of such a mode as this being revived, but it may be as well to remark by way of caution, that independently of the time occupied in its construction, the shape, which was calculated to last for a fortnight, could only be preserved by the wearer sleeping in a chair the whole of the time. Such ladies, -was a Lady Mayoress in the time of your great grand-mothers." Meat is very cheap in Ballarat.. A butcher there advertises "Side lamb, Is Gd; boiling beef, one penny; prime steaks, 2Wd; every thing equally cheap." A black native desperado, named Charley LoJge, has been arrested on the M'Intyre River, on three charges of criminal assault. List of Unclaimed Letters at the Post Ofice, Heathcote, for the week ending February 11, 1869. Brooke W H Medlyn jun. Chas Bower Jas Nicholls Mr Brown W Dryden Oliver W Christensen C F Playford H Craigie Henry Pook H Carson William n yan Jeremiah Carter Wm Ryan Thomas - - Donaldson William Thompson William Dwyer Michael Taylor Harry Davey or M-Davey GeoWoodward Mrs T Eden Mrs Jane Warner J T M'Laran Mrs. Woods Walter Madden John Werry George ALFRED L. SUTTON, Postmaster. 