CHRISTMAS AND BOXING DAY. The different churches were prettily decorated with flowers and evergreens on Saturday (Christmas Day) and there were for the most part numerous congregations At Trinity Church the choir was strengthened by members of the Brisbane-street Congregational and other church choirs in the morning, when the anthems selected for the occasion were sung with excellent effect. The singing at the Cathedral, and All Saints' Church, was very good. At St. John's Church, on Christmas Eve, at eight o'clock there was a full choral service, which was largely attended; at the same church on Christmas morning there was also a full choral service and a crowded congregation. The music at St. Joseph's was as usual, of an attractive character. The Municipal flag was hoisted, and the flagstaff at the Telegraph Office was gaily decorated with bunting. The consuls' offices also showed their national flags, and the ships in harbor were duly dressed with many-coloured flags. In the afternoon the Monarch steamer started from the Franklin Wharf with a freight of holiday people, who, from the jovial demonstration kept up during the trip seemed resolved to make the most of the afternoon. The Monarch having steamed to Barnes' Bay, returned to town. Mr. Thomas's band was on board. At the Brickfield's Invalid Depot, Mr. Witherington made the usual display of flags, and the festive character of the day was kept up by the usual allowance of roast beef, plum pudding, and extra tea and tobacco, which the ancient inmates appreciated most intelligently. The same consideration was show u at the other charitable in-. stitutions, not excepting the Queen's Orphan Asylum at New Town, where the youngsterseiijoyed themselves in a decided manner. The Trinity bells chimed morning and evening as usual. CHURCH OF ENGLAND SUNDAY SCHOOL GATHERING AT THE CATHEDRAL. There was a large gathering of Sunday Schools connected with the Church of England on Sunday afternoon, in St. David's Cathedral. Between three and half- past three the various schools might have been seen arriving in detachments, the first to enter the church being the large and well-organized body belonging for the most part to the parish of Trinity, and having for its subdivisions the schools known as Campbell-street, Ware-street, and Bethesda. A large (probably still larger gathering came down from St. John's shortly afterwards, and these were followed presently by the school of St. George's, Battery Point. Smaller detachments arrived from Lower Collins street, and St. John's, New Town, only the older boys of the latter school being able to come in consequence of the distance. The schools above named, scholars and teachers, filled the floor of the church, including the passage between the pews, so that there was hardly standing room left anywhere; and when His Excellency the Governor and Mrs. DuCace arrived, shortly before half-past three, it appeared at first as if admission was to be refused to them. But this difficulty was, of course, speedily removed. Meanwhile, the school of St. David's itself had filled the north gallery, while the south gallery provided such accommodation as it could, but far less than was required, for the many parents and friends who were desirous of taking part in the interesting service. Reckoning roughly, there must have been at least 1000 children and 500 adults present. All being ready, the Bishop of Tasmania, with the Revs. F. H. Cox, C. P. Greene, A. Davenport, and H. B. Bromby, entered the church, and took their places in the chancel. The service was short, and consisted of hymns, two short lessons from the Old and New Testament, with canticles following, the Apostles' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and collects. Nothing could have been heartier than the singing of the hymns by the well-trained chorus of hundreds of children. Of the five that were sung, perhaps the first, "While shepherds watched, and the last, i "Como sing with holy gladness," were given with the greatest fervour ; but all were good, and those who heard them will not soon forget the joyful sound. Mr. Packer's well- managed organ accompaniment imparted great strength and confidence to the youthful voices, and kept them well together in excellent time. We have hardly left canoe Ir. notice with extreme to iUo eUMtt», which was delivered by the Bishop from the pulpit, on the words " Enoch walked with God, and he was not, for God took him." It was delivered with great freedom, in language adapted to the youthful congregation, and was stoned to with a very well-sustained attention. We may observe that the visitors included members of other religious denominations, among whom we noticed the Rev. S. Ironside, Wesleyan minister. The collection at the offertory at St. David's in the morning was in aid of the fund for prizes for the school children. BOXING DAY. Yesterday being Boxing Day, was observed as a general holiday. There was the same display of flags at the Town Hall, Telegraph Office, Consulates, Shipping, and at numerous private establishments as on Christmas Day. Copious rain having fallen on Sunday evening, yesterday morning was fair and warm, but the temperature was moderated by squalls of wind, and there was a prospect of showery weather. In the cour so of the forenoon, there was a slight fall of rain ; but, upon the whole, the weather was propitious for the various events which had been arranged for the celebration of Boxing Day, The trip to the New Norfolk Regatta, by the Monarch steamer ; trips to Rosny by the Kangaroo ferry boat and the Sunday-school gatherings and tea fetes ; the cricket match between North and South on the ground of the S.T C.A. in the Queen's Domain and the opening of the Theatre Royal in the evening by Miss Kate Warde's Dramatic and Burlesque Company were the principal attractions, which will be noticed below under separate heads, and all of which were thoroughly entered into by the parties respectively interested. His Excellency the Governor, was expected to be present at the cricket match, but be attended the New Norfolk regatta, and will probably be on the cricket ground to-day. SUNDAY SCHOOL GATHERINGS. One of the most interesting features of boxing days celebrations for many years past has been the gathering of the associated Sunday schools, for the purpose of hearing an address at Melville Street Church, and the singing of hymns selected for the purpose, within the altar procession to the Queen's Domain attended by the teachers and ministers. The address this year was to have been delivered by the Rev. John Service, minister of St. John Presbyterian Church, but the unfortunate in- disposition of Mr. Service, necessitated the procuring of a (substitute, and the Rev. G. Clarke, minister of Davey-street Congregational Church, kindly acceded to the request of the committee to officiate. The doors of Melville-street Church were opened at half-past ten when the schools commenced to arrive. The seating of the children and arranging of the procession were delegated to Messrs. H. S. Barrett and 0. 2. Walnut Bim nnrfm-mnd the troublesome duty the general satisfaction of the teachers. Scholars belonging to the Wesleyan, Congregational, rYosj byterian, Baptist,PrimitivoMothodist and Union Methodist Sunday Schools were present attended by their teachers. The numbers at first given in town Mr. Cox, the secretary, amounted to between 1500 and 2000 boys and girls, but M considerable additions were made by the time the service commenced, the total prove may be estimated at over 1700, as against Sturt last year's attendance. The following schools were represented Wesleyan : Melville-street, Highstreot,andDavoy-stroet. Congregational. Brisbane- street, Borea, Battery Point, Davey street, Watchorn-street, and Bathurst- street. Presbyterian : St. Andrew's and Chalmers. Baptist: Harrington-street and St. JUTE"' Primitive Methodist, and United Methods!. The singing was conducted by Mr. J. !.. over, the hymns on the paper being " Glory to you in the Highest" (tune from the American Sacred SougRter);« Book of Grace" (Select Music for the Young), The Children's Jubilee (Amor . eau Sacred Songster), and Because He owes me so" (Children's Friend). After the children had, with some difficulty, been seated, the > parents and other visitors were admitted, and the utmost ingenuity of the committee was | put to the test to find even crews won. every available inch of space, including the pulpit stairs and the communion on0.10«»*» billig appropriated for the purpose. Among the ministers present were the sea. son's and Greene (Church of England), Songs and Mack (Wesleyan), G. Clarke, W.O. Robinson and Copeland, of Manchester, a minister OF a health visit (Congregationalist), R. Miller United Methodist), J. Long (Primitive Method Peel) and the City Missionaries, The Rev. G. Clarke having ascended the pulpit at 11 o'clock, The service commenced with singing the first sum and the reading of scripture (Proverbs, lit chap). After the second hymn, the minister offered prayer, and then the third hymn was sung, and the rev. gentleman proceeded to deliver the address, founded on Proverbs i., lOtb, My SOD, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not,"' In explanation of the words, Mr. Clarke spoken the seducing influence of temptation, and the difficulty of resisting, and pronouncing that hardest of words to say, "No." He illustrated this part of the subject by citing the cases of persons, named in the Bible be brought themselves and others into trouble because they could not say " No," and of other illustrious individuals who had the grace and the courage to pronounce the difficult little word. In conclusion, he exhorted his youthful hearers not to be turned aside from doing right, or from refusing the enticements of sinners by the fear of ridicule or laughter, which was enforced by telling illustration. The last hymn on the paper having then been sung, the benediction was pronounced, and the adult portion of the congregation retired. The procession was then formed in the order pointed out by Mr. Barrett, who had ascended the pulpit, and the several schools, with handsome banners flying, attended by teachers and ministers, wended their way to the Queen's Domain by the usual route, namely, Melville-street, Elizabeth-street, and Macquarie street. As the procession went down Elizabeth street it was an object of much interest, extending nearly the whole length of the street from Melville-street to Macquarie-street. On approaching the Domain, the schools of St. Andrew's diverged into Park-street, and proceeded to their own school yard ; the remainder of the schools taking up their usual positions, on the ground east and north-east of the High School; where the juveniles enjoyed themselves it various sports, and were regaled with such substantial fare as their teachers and friends had provided. After spending two or three hours in this congenial manner, the children were conducted back to their respective schools to take part in the treats which they customarily receive on boxing day. CHURCH OF ENGLAND SCHOOLS. As usual the children belonging to the Campbell-street, Bethesda and Ware- street schools had a procession of their own, to the number of 227, stately, Campbell-street, 120, Bethesda, 80, and Ware-street, 27, under the superintendence of Messrs. S. W. Westbrook, Abbott and Green Sports and refreshments were the order of the day with them, at the camping ground, north of the other books. The children of the three schools named, took part in the religious service at St. David's Cathedral on Sunday last. ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. A procession of the children belonging to the Roman Catholic Sunday Schools started from St Peter's Temperance Hall, to the number of 350, with flags flying, attended by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General, and other clergymen and teachers. Having reached the Queen's Domain, the young people availed themselves of the ample opportunity afforded them for play ; shortly after 4 o'clock the procession re formed, and after marching through some of the principal streets, returned to St. Peter's Hall, by way of Macquarie and Argyle streets. At the Hall the children were sumptuously feasted, and they will have good cause to remember the hospitality of their teachers and friends for a long time to come. QUEEN'S ASYLUM CHILDREN. In the course of the afternoon, the boys, 150 in number, belonging to the Queen's Asylum, were brought into the Domain, under the superintendence of Mr. Roberts, the schoolmaster, and by the, kind consideration of Mr. T. Sheehy, Secretary to the S T.C.A. were permitted to go within the Cricket Ground enclosure to see the progress of the match. After a time they were conducted homewards. The git Is of the Institu- tion were taken for a walk in another direction. THE WEEK FROM INDIA. The three elk which arrived from India, via Melbourne, on Friday, were exhibited to the public at a trifling charge, on Christmas Day and yesterday. They will also be exhibited to-day at the same place, namely the enclosed ground adjacent to the Savings' Bank. SPORTS AT ROSNY. Mr. Taylor laid on the Kangaroo ferry boat for andry trips to Rosny during yesterday, and " numbers of persons, availed thqmsolycs_of_tho opportunity of enjoying themselves in such con- genial ways as the arrangements made at that favorite resort enabled Temperance refreshments were provided, and as there was excellent band of music on the ground, dancing parties were got up, and the tripping on the light fantastic toe continued until the last return trip of the steamer. TEA MEETINGS IN THE EVENING. Several meetings of teachers and friends came off in the evening at different schools. At Brisbane-street the school-room was tastefully decorated with flags and flowers, the artists being the young members of the Brisbane-street Bible class. After the company had done justice to an excellent repast, the chair was taken by Mr. Hopkins, who, after prayer had been offered by the Rev. Maxwell, briefly addressed the meeting, and mentioned that it was just thirty years since their first Christmas gathering of Sunday-schools when there were between 200 and 300 children in attendance. The meeting took place in the Domain, and the address was delivered by the Rev. N. Tomer ; he did not think there were many in the room who were present on that occasion. The Rev. G. Clarke, Mr. Giblin, M.H.A., Mr. Short, the Rev. Mr. Cope- land of Manchester, Rev. W. C. Robinson, and others, gave short addresses, and the proceedings were interspersed with music, led by Mr. H. J. Cox, who also presided at the harmonium. Melville-street school-room was also decorated, the banners of the several schools in connection being suspended on the walls. The chair was occupied by the Rev. S. Ironside, and addresses were delivered by the Chairman, the Rev. Mr. Mack, Mr. R Smith, Mr. T. J. Crouch, of St. Kilda, Victoria, Mr. James Smith, and. Mr. Crouch expressed regret at the absence of a gentleman who was on a visit from Ballarat, Mr. Councillor Doune, Superintendent of the Lydiard street Sunday SOIIOJI numbering over COO scholars He referred to that remarkable institution as comprising three departments infant and adult schools, and a middle school the adult school supplying the missing link by willow elder scholars were retained and their services to the church secured Mr. Ironside confirmed Mr. C Couch's remarks on the importance of the Lydiard-street Sunday-school, and gave an account of a visit he paid to the school when spending a Sunday in Ballarat, two years, ago. The choir performed some appropriate music during the evening, under the leadership of Mr. Creswell. Tea meetings were also held at St. Andrew's, Chalmer's, St. James's, the Primitive Methodist, and Murray-street schools. ANNUAL CRICKET MATCH. NORTH V. SOI TI!. Certainly " a game is never lost until it is won," but fortune " fickle jade," must be particularly favourable to the cricketers of Southern Tasmania, if they eventually win the match that was commenced yesterday, between them and the knights of the willow in the North. Of this, however, there is little probability, as they are like the little boat " a long way behind." The public having anticipated a close contest Were keenly disappointed at the result of the first day's play, the more so as the local team had been confident in their expectations of gaining a victory. Though previously our own men were the favourites amongst ourselves, yet no sooner were the two elevens soon together,¡iitermingHng in conversation before the game commenced, than the superiority of their opponents was manifest. Plainly was it to be seen that the Southern men were physically inferior to the Northern men, and a very slight attention to the game was sufficient to convince that they were to a still greater extent inferior as regarded a practical acquaintance with the noble old English game of cricket. They may possibly appear to better advantage to-day, but their chances of showing forth with credit are small indeed. What is the cause of so ignominious a defeat Î The word defeat, is applied as to the result of yesterday's play and notes to the usual termination of the game. What was the cause of the non-success of the Southern men 1 The answers to the question are as various as they were numberless on the ground yesterday. It would occupy more space than is at our command toweutiontliomall,butwo may remark, constant, that it was the general opinion that the local race, that is to say, some of them, have more conceit of their skill than real knowledge of cricketing, and that the wrong clover had been chosen. Of course, there were good players among them, but others were-to use a common Next vulgar but very expressive colonial term -" duffers" the veriest " duffers." We must give them all the credit they deserve. Considering the strength brought to bear against them, their batting was on the whole good, but their fielding was execrable and their bowling as bad. Great pro- j ficiency was exhibited by the Northern team in their batting, and their bowling was excellent. Their fielding cannot be said to have been good, though contrasted with that of their competitors, it was, if we may be allowed the expression, super- excellent. All things taken into consideration, the weather could not have been better for the occasion. On the Sunday evening from the stormy aspect of the sky, and the rain that fell, fears were entertained that " regatta weather" would be experienced, but they were dispelled on the following morning when there was a clear atmosphere, not a cloud to be seen. Misgivings however, again were felt, when just as the wickets had been pitched for the match, some dark clouds hovered o'er the ground, and discharged their watery contents. Fortunately the shower lasted only a few minutes, and then the weather was all that could be desired for the remainder of the day, excepting that lusty Boreas raised his voice to rather too high a pitch in the afternoon. Everything being in readiness the ceremony of tossing was gone through, and the usual privilege having been won by the Northerners they sent their opponents to the wickets. The Northern team were commanded by Mr. H. Walker, who acted as wicket-keeper, J. Martin being his long stop. Whitesides and Barclay were the first to take up positions at the wickets for the South, and Daley opened fire by making an attempt to take the stumps protected by the bat of Whitesides without avail. The second ball was cut by Whitesides for one, and a bye having been obtained for the next, the third was hit well away by Barclay, who scored two. Daley's bowling was very straight, swift, low, and dangerous. T. Hogg took up the bowling, and had a maiden over, after which Barclay made a hit to leg for two off Daley. Whitesides only added another to his small score of one, and was then caught by Martin through striking at a high pitched ball, and sending it straight up into the air. E.O. Giblin then took the bat and with Barclay played very carefully, but the latter with all his stead i n ness was, after he had scored six, bowled by Hogg, the game then standing two wickets down for fourteen runs. C. Perry took the place vacated by Barclay, and was shortly afterwards joined by M. Coverdale, his previous partner Giblin being given out leg before wicket. Giblin scored three. Perry and Cover- dale went through six overs without getting a mark, and then Coverdale broke his duck egg with a pretty draw for one, Perry following with another single. Each batsman obtained another run, and then Glynn took the ball from the hands of Daley. His bowling was slower than that of his predecessor, and more likely for catches, so the field were placed close in. Some manoeuvering ensued, and then Perry made a capital drive to the off for three, after which, Coverdale cleverly scored two. These players brought the score up to thirty and Walker then commenced to bowl instead of Glynn, Still taking his position as wicket-keeper. Walker's bowling was the old slow underhand style, and was easily managed, especially at first, when being short pitched they could have been driven to any part of the field. From his third ball two were obtained by Coverdale, who subsequently caused a run to be lost through neglecting to run, though his partner came right down to his crease. Through Coverdale's inertness Perry narrowly escaped being run out. Perry was, by this time, well in and he got one, and subsequently three off Walker. A two obtained by Coverdale made the score forty. Coverdale's next hit was to send the ball straight into the hands of Haymes, who, however, could not hold it, though it was one of the easiest catches imaginable, and another run was got. Coverdale followed this up by getting two off Hogg, and three off Walker, and Perry got another one with a pretty hit straight along the ground. Walker brought Coverdale's innings to a close for fifteen runs by an unerring slow, four men being thus deposed for forty-eight runs. G. Davies accepted the vacancy and took the leather from Walker. The. ball struck something, went up winds, and was caught by Still, and the umpire gave Davies out. There was a difference of opinion as to whether the decision was a correct one. Davies maintained that he did not touch the ball, and others agreed with him, while others again expressed a contrary view. Under those circumstances, as the umpire was confident in his own judgment, it was gracefully accepted. Birch then went to the wicket and kept the pOSt- fOr-!l-loll3tli-|jf-tlniDT-in»liinH_tLo. highest score on his side, thirty- one. Perry succeeded in getting seventeen, and was then caught by Glynn. Six wickets for 52\. G. T. Scott succeeded Perry, and scored one off Hogg, and Birch made a very pretty cut for two from the same bowler. Walker in his remaining overs pitched full and close to the wickets, but the ball WAS well played down, and some good scoring was made, particularly by Birch. Hogg had exhausted himself by this time, and his place was taken by H. Barrett. in his first over the ball was considerably punished both by Birch and Scott, though he throw surer afterwards. In the next over from Walker, Scott tipped a ball that he should have played well down, and was caught at the wicket by Dalby, who ran in at the risk of time. Scott's score was eight. Seven out for seventy-five runs. E. Butler followed, and broke the egg from off Walker's fourth ball, and in the next over from Walker, Birch, who was getting used to the slows, ran out and met them, and by this means increased his score. Butler made only four, and was then bowled out by Walker. He made his score by two singles, and a very pretty, his favorite, hit to leg for two. E. Freeman succeeded him. He escaped being stumped out at the commencement of his _ career, in consequence of Still not being so active as he might have been, but the escapes did not avail him much, for he was caught by Barrett, and had to carry a duck's egg with him. R. Barnes, who followed, though he did not increase the total figures, stuck to the wickets, and enabled Birch to do some good execution. Birch was caught at the wicket by Still, off a slow ball from Walker, and the innings of the Southerners thus terminated for ninety-four runs. An adjournment was then made for luncheon, and after the good things of this life that had been provided by Host Cowburn of the Jolly Hatters Hotel, had been, to employ familiar phraseology, done ample justice to, the Southern team took the field under the captaincy of Whitesides, Barclay officiating as "wicket keeper, and the captain as long stop. The wickets were defended at either end by W. Douglas and H. Stewart, both of whom from their style gave indication of being " stickers." No execution was done until the fifth ball was delivered. This was from Perry, and was sent away to long i field on by Douglas. It was struck pretty high, and Scott made energetic attempts to catch it, but he had too far to run, and two massacred. Butler bowled at the other end, and would have made a first maiden over, but that Douglas at the last ball made a brilliant out to leg for one. The play of both Douglas and Perry was quiet and scientific, and as it was known that they were not the picked men of the team, at once showed how the result would be Butler is a very swift bowler, and as he was placed at the end where he had the wind in his favour it was to the disadvantage of the batsmen, but they were equal to it and though they did not make large scores, Douglas standing at Reverand Stewartatolovon, they remained sufficiently long at the wickets to break the bowling. Several chances were missed by the field which was placed much too wide apart. Twice Douglas might have been caught out had the men born within range as it was the ball was sent time after time where there was no one to stop it. Douglas was ultimately caught by Birch, having, as Whitesides had done prove previously struck at a ball that was thrown high. T. Hogg next wielded the bat and directly he went in it was soon that he meant mischief. Dangerous balls be dealt with scientifically, but wherever there was the slightest chance, he " slogged" at them, and made his ones, twos, and threes with remarkable ease and rapidity. He had not long taken up position before Stewart succumbed to a splendid shooting round-arm ball from Butterbone of the very few good ones he delivered. Glynn followed Stewart, and between him and Hogg the field was kept in active work, and the bowlers in a perpetual state of consternation. They could do what they liked with the balls.' Especially to be admired was the batting of Glynn. It was graceful, scientific, and effective The bowlers could do nothing with him. Perry did his best. Barnes was stationed in the place of Butter. Whitesides tried his slows (and a mess be made of them) ; Davies had a try that was " out of sorts") ; Birch tried his prowess and Freeman essayed to break into the _ wickets, but all their attempts failed until Hogg had run up a score of thirty-four, when he was caught by Giblin off a ball from Davies. Glynn made the magnificent Moore's seventy-six, the top score of the present season in the Island, and will likely be presented with a bat by the S.T.O. Association. During the time these two were in the fielding was terribly bad. There seemed to be no management. Where the balls were driven by the batsmen there were no fielders. Twos and Threes were scored in rapid succession, and no less than thirty-four byes, five leg byes and seven wide balls were counted. Whitesides as long stop seemed to be " all at sea," and in fact the whole field were useless. As far as concerned the fielding of the Southerners the game was a perfect travesty on cricket. No less than seven easy catches were missed, not including two that were lost through the sun being too strong, and right in front of the fielder, and a number of changes were made that gave to the Northern team several runs. When a hundred and three runs had been obtained only three wickets were down, and Still with Glynne increased that number to a hundred and twenty seven, when Still who wade thirteen was bowled by Barnes, whose bowling from this time much improved. Walker, who followed Still, was not in his usual trim, but he made twenty-three runs, and a total of a hundred and seventy-one had been entered in the scorer's books when Glynn was caught and bowled by Barnes. F. Haymes followed, but he only made three, when he was bowled by Freeman, and was succeeded by Collins, who was sent out by a swift shooter from Barnes, with twelve runs. Walker, as before-mentioned, made twenty-three, and then " gave up the ghost," being bowled by Barnes. At this stage, eight wickets were down for two hundred and twenty runs, Barrett having taken the place of Haymes. Daley took the place of Walker, and scored Id in good style, when he was caught by Barclay from off a ball by Whitesides, Barrett having created a vacancy for Martin in consequence of being in an over from Butler caught by Barnes. Nine wickets were down for two hundred and thirty runs, and ten for two hundred and fifty-eight, Martin being not out. And thus concluded the first innings of the match. There were very few people on the cricket ground, but there was a large gathering outside. This was probably in consequence of the charge of sixpence being made for admission. The charge was a very proper one, considering the expense the association has been put to in erecting the fence, and improving the ground, and it is a pity that the proceeds of admission were not greater. Appended are the scores of the game : SOUTH FIRST INNINGS. D. Barclay, b Hogg 6 Whitesides, c Martin, b Hogg 2 EL O. Giblin, l.b.w., Daley. 30 Perry, c Glynn, b Hogg. 17 Al. Coverdale, b Walker. II 6\. Davies, c Still, b Walker 0 W. Birch, c Still, b Walker. 31 G. T. Scott, of Daley, b Walker. 2 E. Butler, b Walker. 4th Freeman, c Barrett, b Walker. 0 It. Barnes, not out. 0 Byes, 6; wides, 2 8 Total.:.:..........:.. 94 ANALYSIS OF ROWLINGS. Daley bowled 48 balls, 18 runs, 5 maidens, 1 wide, 1 wicket; Hogg bowled 114 balls, 20 runs, 8 maidens, 1 wide, 3 wickets ; Glynn bowled 12 balls, 6 runs ; Walker bowled 92 balloons runs, 2 militions, 6 wickets ; Barratt bowled 36 balls", 15 runs, I maiden. . > NORTH FIRST INNINGS. W. Douglas, c Birch, b E. Butler . 7 I!. Stewart, b E. Butler. H T. Hogg, c Giblin, b Davies 37 . W. T. Glynn, c k b Barnes." 76 R. Still, b Barnes 13 W. H. Walker, b Barnes. 23 -, Haymes, b Freeman 3 W. Collins, b Barnes. 12 If. Barrett, c Barnes, b Butler. 6 -. Daley, c Barclay, Whitesides. 19 J. Martin, not out. 5 Byes, 14; leg byes, 5 wides, 7. 45 Total. 258 ANALYSIS OF BOWLING C. Perry bowled 72 balls, 32 runs, 1 maiden ; li Butler bowled I wide, 102 balls, 34 runs, 5 maidens, 3 wickets; Barnes bowled 156 balls, 74 runs, li maidens, 4 wickets ; Whitesides bowled 20 balls, 20 runs, 1 wicket; Davies bowled 1 wide, 30 balls, 31 runs, 1 maiden, I wicket; Birch bowled 3 wides, 12 balls, 7 runs ; Freeman bowled 2 wides, 30 balls, 14 runs, 1 maiden, 1 wicket. 