THE' WAEEAEE 6 'TBTJTk:' In a great contest, ifc ia voiy. dangerous to have more difficulty in arousing . from inertness those who profess to bo on, .our side, than in conquering our ac-! knowledeed and declared foes. A. divided army on the. side of right., in a civil war is not only infirm, hut per nicious to its own cause, and a pleasure to the enemy to see. One portion of it at least will be a covert for treachery,, or at least for cowardice and indecision ;; and if it be not even so, still. division is, weakness and unfaithfulness where there ' -is sn imperative demand ,of , energy , and unity;. This is exactly the case with Protest antism in its holy war with Romanism, when a very, large portion of the so- called Protestant people are repugnant to the moral warfare implied in their very name. They may call it "justice and charity," but it is in reality a sure sign of a lurking disloyalty to their sovereign Jesus, and has neither jus tice nor charity to excuse it ; or if not an absolute disloyalty, it is a criminal indifference to the doctrines which ex clusively save. If such persons felt that thp great evangelical doctrines were their very life, they could not for a moinentthink thatthe.directly opposite of those doctrines is excusable, or a safe difference of opinion. If from one side of a river a strong rope were thrown to a drowning man, and from the other a thread of singed flax, no one would be so absurd as to deem it a matter of in difference to him which he took, or as to think that the person who threw the latter as a help might be regarded as au honest friend. If only one known medi cine can cure a given disease, every other medicine must be treated as delu sive, if not as destructive, and the dis penser can he no other than an enemy. There are surely differences in moral and religious principles not less marked and portentous than in physical ones. It is madness to deny this. It is worse than madness, it is a denial of the re ality of any principles in religion what ever, it is a verging towards a complete denial of the God that is, it tends to atheism. Let religious professors think of it as they will — either truth claims their zeal, and error calls for their hosti lity ; or there is neither truth nor error in the Bible, or in the whole range of moral science. It is the last degree of fatuity or impiety, to fancy that God utters His words as if he were careless whether they be treated as. trifles or falsehoods, according to the will of men, or bo taken up and embraced by honest faith. Two things are clear beyond all refu tation in the Bible—that God has declared certain truths for all men hum bly and thankfully to receive as tlie very principles of life and salvation — and that he has made the reception of these truths imperative . on , all ;', who would be saved ; and the defoncej, main tenance, and propagation of them as im perative on his whole church, especially on all ministers of tlie. Gospel. Jii re gard to this last point, lie has even pro scribed both the nature aiid. tlie intend sity of the. 'zeal which ' is o prompt 'to the enjoined work. . In regard to all ceremonial matters,, the Gospel is not. only free from rigour,; hut, except in an instance or two, it pre-; scribes nothing as of absolute and un- yielding necessity. It eveii forbids Christians to judge r eacli .'. other, '.of to, tyrannize over each,. other, about any; yoko of ceremonial observance. But , so it does not deal '.with .'the; ' facts, : iind!r doctrines of CnRiST'sVredeniptioii!r It' declares, that' His death , was a truejprb-, ;pitiati6nj ' complete, ' final,; aibsufficient 'to' put aivayj sin, to procure pafdon'for ' the believing sinner's whatever his, guilt' may be. 7 It. declares Him' '.to bo God- man,-;tho only, begotten Hon from t'ho boSqm' of ; the father,, ,'and .therefore,; .omnipotent both' .to plead aucl to save.; It declares 'Him .'to be the onlyMcrliaitor. .between Gon and man, the only Advq- cafe for sinners at. the right hand' of, j Gob; It' declares that He" is "the 'heir, and Lord of all, things, the . supreme ' ijulet in' heaven: and earth;'' .It ; dcelares also that He is to be the !sole!' JvulgO' al;, laSt, as He' -is' the;' sole ' GovOrnbr.Wtl'. Saviour now. It, declares flmfc; through '. Hiui alone copies; fiq tlib'catth the1 Holy , Ghost, che'Comfbrtep, tlie Sahetificr, 'the , Spirit1' of adoption, the power' that're- . generates, the energy that1, quickens., ' Mnallyj.it tells, in terms: sb;;diStiii6t'aii'd so strong, tlin,t it' is1 piatyellbiis their' , import should ever' be ;questibhed—-thkt' " there is salvation' iii no btlic'r," tlinf, there is'., no other''tiae'.iijjdor'.iibivv,0ii'.i' given among menJ "whereby1, we lniist.bb, r saved that " hie tHlit belioyeth'bh1 iiin hath'evef lasting hfej" , and that ." lie 'that believeth not tlie Son siuill iiot' tee 'iifej; but1 the wrath of ' fton abidbtfren ' him : — thus making his Sole; w6f|c absbliite : and exclusive. The deiiuubiatibris 'itre, terrific against all who refuse, , neglbct or tifle with this salvation ' Nowhere iii the Scriptures, do , we .'find the smallest license for .diverse opinions ; with regard tq ,'tbisr substance or, essence af the.Gespel; ' With all'the .varied forma, of expression in which, f- these truths; and their , results, are,-, couched, we never meet with any min-; . glings of counter sentiment. ..Man. is> . never once put on self-justification for, acceptance with Gon; The aelfi.1; renunciation and penitence of thi» -- faith is never once dispensed with./,; Never once is the holiness which springs, !., out of the love of God shed abroad in ! the heart by the Holy Ghost, and which is dependant on no ritual, regarded aaof>, secondary importance. Never once iso-r moral obedience represented as no netiea-> r sary fruit of a sate of salvation. On-i all such subjects we have not only them truths clearly propounded, but put, in! t such imperative forms as to admit-. of .r neither diminution, adulteration; nor1" abandonment or neglect, on the part off, any who would be saved. If men choose; ! to reject this Gospel they may, and taker! the consequences ; but if they receive it. u it propounds no salvation but one, andi ; it leaves them no choice but to < receive o it just as it .is. This Gospel, thus complete and abso- / lute, was preached by the Apostles;, buried for ages under the inventions of 1 a vain and superstitious priesthood, but exhumed at the glorious Reformation.; ,r and we have it just as the Apostles had, it, as clear and complete as ever. But if so, we must have it with all its obliga- \ tions undiminished too. Now it is per-.- fectly clear that the Apostles give us no countenance in the notion we are so j apt to cherish, that we may he less.., stringent in our acceptance of theirV doctrines, less urgent in our enforce- 1' mciit of them, less intense and exclusive iu our zeal and affection for them, than ,, they were. Not one passage is there in,; their writings, in which we are taught, that tlie times will come when this war-, ; ! fare may rightly or safely be relaxed, j or even altered' from the method which ,, they adopted. " Wo do not like religious' ., controversy," is not Apostolical lan-, '. guagc. Their terms are— "Let the man, 4 or even the angel,, be accursed, who I' speaks . any other Gospel uulo you than; that which we have jprcaehcd." Theyr denounce in the, most unsparing terms , "thie man who brings not this! dobtrihe," ' and j forbid him to be treated';: as a christian brother. "They speak of a "eqmmou salvation" which is the-, property of all- believers, aud exhort ' to ' ".'con tend earnestly for that, as the faith 'onc& fir all delivered to, the'! Saints. ' ' Tlie whole o f tlie New' Testa-- ' ment is in the saine imperative style. The whole Gospel is a warfare of 'most,.; determined earnestness. It allows lio " : tampering ; it tolerates no axity. .If., 'is; nowliere assumed' " in charityj" 'tlia , the head of a great' system in opposition1, to' this imperative Gospel or the leading,' seducer of men from, tlip simplicity off tlicir faitli in Christ, is 'the most pipqs.1 man of his time, and may be, thought 'or,® or spoken of as if he were a " venerable ! : fathbr'" ih-jfistondom. ' ; Such treatmeiit as'is 'now .coltiihon of ' ; fheuaxitliorsf'great'tirtdeadly Heresies, 7 when wo read the; Apostolic' writings,1 ! strikes us with utter amazdriieiit' and' ' ; alarm. : Is not this Protestantism' with- out, a protest,? Is tlie Romish doctrine an matter . of . mdiil'erbnce to i Protestants ?. > Caii! we afford iito dilute our. censure! ; . with, -the ; supposition, tliafc if : we' had ; \- been in itlieir ; places we should have, be-'- i lieved.asjthey do? .Is the grace of Gon -.i nothing vtheu that- has; made us to differ, .; . and that Ave -may hopo would have made- r iisto differ! even; under, siicli acliange of. places;? All-. the! Reformers , were , once', , Romanists-, and'camie.out from the. hate- < j fubtystoiu, denouncing. it in Apostolic; styl©< i Would! it have. !been .a thing of- - ho; consequence to the salvation of those Reformers,- xir that.. of. postdrity;: or. ours , if. tlieyiihad ,'never.i :abaridbned Rome;? / Whtit has charity! to. ddfibetween Baal. , and i the. God, off ' lsraoi '? or;- between- thei / luediatorship o£-MarY: and :the mediator- , shipjofi JEsysiGiuiiST;? . .It- icertdinly is-i neither ' charity - lior justice, . which can-; treat: .religioiis! ' controversy in-- such . .av Ciluse asiauicvil things to be uleprecatedii by, charitable .'Christians., - . i !.W; ow tjiaf Ciniisr and his vyh'pllej plyjaiiom trust .and joy. Wff will ciwii no oth'eiyand we cannot ahidej that, anything should exist in the , world, wiiich Christ has purcluisedjiwhich eyen. seems to depreciate or cloud what, . is 'so niiutterahly precious. ' 'fHero must iaot fa a shadow of trust iu anything but Chsis Wfi must ".follow the Lamb whilheyspf!. ;ever he gqetffi," but we .khow,vnqffjtliQ ivqice of Btfangersj." .. >. !. 