^CSB OLDEST; gklfE V 'MI LIFE. " THE fog that last Boxing-day. enveloped * London and twelve miles round,', -as the letter-box phrase has it, bore in the metropolis itself the usu^l pea- Boup-like character, and caused, as we know, itnmense interruption even to the little business' going forward on that general holiday. But I was only concerned :«vith, it as. regards the country, where it was white and luminous, failing to obscure entirely an unclouded sun, yet was nevertheless so thick that shrubs, trees, and all objects were invisible until ydU-were within half a yard of them, when they shot up, as it were, out .of the ground, or from the dark, impen^trahle-veilia which the whole neighbourhood was wrapped. As t}ie; evening drewon, it gradually lost its rafoj-y^ -ghost-like- character, and silently Bettled into a pall of blackness inconceivably dense. If you had been in a coal-cellar, Cwath your ©yes bandaged with black velvet or crape, you could not have been more utterly in the dark than I was when I found myself half a dozen yards from inv uncle's house on that fatal'night. He lives in a suburb composed of the usual semi-detached villas, and within five minutes' walk of a ' railway station, which stands at the bottom of a deep cutting, and is approached by a series of zig-zag stairways. Last Christmastime bricks and mortar were doing their worst with the locality; for fresh erections Were in progress in all directions, the building of which involved many changes in the adjacent roads and lanes. Barriers were being broken down, fresh paiiings put up, bye-ways were being cut through hedges and meadows, until the whole place was wearing that- forlorn aepect'which is consequent upon the transformation of the. country into ' suburb.' ; I have been" in the habjt of spending*the so-caHed"festive season with my uncle ever since he first went to reside ' a little way out of townbut it BO happened that I had not been down for twelve months before this particular visit, and these recent alterations had diverted , the road to his house from the old direction, bf the r^ilfray, which ft now ^rftllel for some distance At the top of %t«3g. A new. row of houses was in" river, or a sea, or some delightful ft, which woul d necessarily enhance 4eof rents, end I hardly recognised the 4)0 altered was it since steam first placed £>nce rural district withm 20 minutes ^ndon), until I found mypelf in fmnt'of ^ide Villa. In company with my &thpfe; Scotch terrier, Bogie, who, like his >er, was always grateful for a sniff of I arrived there on<ihe 24th Deftnber, but important business engagements bry ^early on the morning of thfe 27# would , anapel.: we to return on the -evening of Bozing-day. The. members of ouc little "{•family-gathering, ,and especially.unclej were greatly "disappointed at the proposed curtailment of my vi^'t, tfontiniring to urge many reasonable protests against it. The festive season, the' jollity of the party, tbe long tirnp since ,we had.met,Vand so forth; were all brought tp bearjuj valid objections , ifejiy ¥og gradually mcreasd in in tensity, as the afteri noon of the- twenty-sixth drew on, it was naturally added as an overwhelming reason for my staying—at any rate till the following morning: We had attempted a walkj but were - driven home by the damp and discomfort. By four o'clock every semr blance of light had disappeared from the eky, and I was pronounced little: short of a lunatic to think of going :out again that aight. ^ ibr-my. business 'was imperative, sno; morning train would land njgjp i»on4on flufllcifijaiyiy^early and, I deternuned lo carry !out jny^original intention, laugh'mgjoaboriAejiotjon that: 1 should not find iny iw^y/r;1^inji|r, passed off .father gloomily; -;fp^my',obstlMcy, as it' was called, had cause'd so^e slibwof temper. I was annoyed at thei^ortupitieg-jjf my relatives, "wheh I liad ^ mac^s' it ^xiilpnt to them that it was really iieMssaryfor,me to go 5 and when, at half-put eight, I rose to ; Bay • good- bye!' my uncle.met ine this time, with very angry remonstrances. "Walking to the door, ana peering out into the-night, he exclaimed, whilst Iwas putting on my overcoat, 'Why, confound it, sir! you'll breafc-your neqkjf ypju attempt ityou ati» a downright idiot tjo .think .of setting foot' out of the houpe in- tjiis weather-—you know we have no gas yet, <md you can't eee your ^ h a p d T , "arcastically,' L ilav about sufficient Ip it,' I fonical mgto 'I ben' creased o& bbth-feides, abd at lasl, Briatching up my ,cgrpet-bttg and umbrella, and whistling to "Bogie,. I dashed out of the house, behind m'& /IPKetnolnettt afterw^rds^gep^ited then," and not'till then, did i fully realise the of the atmosphere. A petty and ridiculous jpnde, in spite of my strong in- 'cliaation, pi-evented my knocking for readmission. Tapping my way, therefore, with my umbrella, like a blind man, I managed, 'with, great difficulty^to descend the steps and reach the.garden-gate, though how 14id this even, "without, accident, is a mystery/for the blackness was. as I have said, more intense than can be conceived. Once in the highway, I knew I had only to skirt the hedge for a short distance on my left, and l^ Blibuld . strike the new road already referred to by the side of the railway, It was now little more than half-past qight, 'the train was not' due till nine o'clock, 'and,,ftsfive ; minutes'would amply suffice to bring me to the station, I had plenty of time before me. I walked therefore leisurely forward; - but ere -I -had gone many paces, I suddenly slipped off what I supposed was the: jfAised | pathway, falling flat on the ground, my umbrella and carpet-bag spinning-..away into the darkness. For. a few minutes I vainly groped about on all sides in. ^helpless efforts-to regain my property, and when at last, amidst twistings and turnings, I kicked, against the carpet-bag, I had, of course, completely lost my reckoning. I had then no more idea than the man in the moon in which direction lay the Btation or my uncle's cottage. I listened in the hope. of. catching some sound to guide me, but a death-like stillness prevailed, and it is seedless to add that no semblance of a "light anywhere could penetrate such intense obscurity. Do what I would,..I could not find my umbrella, my only staff and .guide against further pitfalls. Poor little Bogie kept very close to my heels, evidently feeling sure that in this lay his sole chance of, not . utterly losing himself. My temper, ruffled at starting, had not been improved by what followed, and l am afraid the dog's assiduity met with but scant consideration at my hands, or rather feet. Again and again I groped in the mud and wet, but the umbrella was not to be found. I could not have , been then very far. from Burnside Villa, and had I then but hallooed probably I should have been heard, and so escaped the further miseries of that eventful night; but again my Btupid pride and irritable dis- position held me silent, and instead, I inveighed inwardly against the selfishness and apathy of my relations in not so much as coming to the door to look after me. • The idea,' I perversely thought,.' of letting a man go forth in such a fog, and make no effort to see after him ; it was absolutely brutal, I said in my anger ; 'no! I would not go ? back now, even if they did come out, no matter what happened.' Vexed with myself, and in a kind of rage at my own helplessness, and with them, for what I most unreasonably called (considering what had passed) their inhospitality, I positively set off in desperation at a rapid walk. In such tremendous darkness I need hardly say this was simply the act of a madman ! Strange to add, however, I went on for a considerable distance, in my blind impetuosity, without any mishap, and, as I imagined, in a strange line. Suddenly something struck me a violent blow on the head, which, knocking off my hat, sent me reeling. Then I slipped and toppled over, I knew not where,or how far! I was in a deep pool of water, out of which I could hardly climb by a muddy bank, and what'felt like a Half-built wall. Here my dog somehow contrived to join me. In this terrible plight I now put my haud out and caressed him. By degrees, as I somewhat regained jny wits, I seemed to fancy that he wanted me to follow , him. He whined and scratched, and'7mbv;ed cautiously a little way from me along the top of the wall on which I was aUtiug^f Then-1 began to.crawl after.hira, which appeared to^»ive him great satisfaction, though he went very slowly, hardly ever getting out of my arm's reach, his tail sagging the wthile in my faco. Then there was -a bank, grass-tufted and muddy, .up which' on my hands and knees I scrambled after the dog, until I came upon a tolerably hard bit of level ground which I guessed must be the road. Here I rested for some minutes, thoroughly cooled in tem- per, cut, bruised, and wet through, literally not knowing what I ought to do neitr; ,Not a sound could be heard; everything was muffled' by the impenetrable pall! I shouted lustily .for' h^lp^my voice "did not seqm to travel a yard. Things now looked really very serious; it was quite certain I could not stay on the ground all night, yet I was almost afraid to move, after what had occurred. I shouted, and shouted in vain; for who BVould be abroad, to hear me, in such a place, and in such weather p I could not tell in what direction I had steered, arid I felt thoroughly disheartened.. Stiff, ber numbed, and inexpressibly miserable, at last I rose, hardly knowing with what intention, but incapable of remalfling "longer, quiet, under such circumetaEces. I moved forward , some little, distance, but despite the juttnost .cautioi^, proceeding at a snailVpafiV feeling each piece of ground with the ppjnt of my toe i>efore l ventured to. rest my weight 'on it, I, notwithstanding, : in a very few minutes again" almost lost my footing, and before I .was aware .of.it, was.on the edge of anpther eloping, slippery bank. So suddenly did I come upon it, that I could not recover my ebuilibrium in time to prevent my involuntary .descent ; not this time,,loB^g my foothold entirely, but having ! nevertheless to '< run down to save myself from falling, as One-has to do wjien once in motion' i)h the side of a very steep hill. The impetus, of course', increased every ' second.; the weight I had on me soon became terrific, and plunging forward in this horrible darkness, I caught my foot in something, which threw me "headlong.forward on the ground. Then I rolled 'oyer.and oyer two pr, three-times, until at la^t my ..bead struck with great violence against some hard Bubotance, which stunned me, and'I:suppose arrested my' further progress. My earliest sensation, after what! have described,' was a sort of dreamy droning sound of music in my'ear,? not altogether' unpleasant/ for the first moment oi* two -of consciousness, but gradually increasing to a dull heavy roar, 1 which, with a vague feeling jjf pain and apprehenswry^seepied^hy degrees to awaken , my ^nn^'&pulties.;,' What was my. head risttng-^ia,?^ .the cold, ice substance against which my benumbed ear was pressed down? Slightly raising myself, I involuntarily put out niy hand to feel, and thM; 'not all at once, for I was yet halfstupified, I began to realise where I was. Wirtiput a doubt, I ^as lying across the railway. The tremulous JEolian-harp-iike sound, which had aroused me, was caused by,a train which I could now distinctly hear, .with its engine snorting and whistling at/310 great distance, but whose first approach had been conveyed to me through the -vibration of the metal, as I lay with the Bide of my head actually resting on the iron way itself J ,. The -fog was as thick as e'rer ;/Btill the same utter blank of darkness all around, and although I helplessly strained my eyeballs almost to bursting in the- ^direction whence the noise came, no lights; were visible; but one ray of thought Sasheid into, my mind, sufficiently clear to show me the full horror of my situation. Was I positively between the line .of rails or on the six- foot way, as the space is called which separates the up and down lines; I grew dizzy with the uncertainty; and unnerved, hurt and exhausted as I was I felt for some seconds incapable of action. Tet the train was ebming 6n nearer "and nearer, aud I 'must make an effort. I tried to rise, and as I did so, I immediately fell again in great agony!-1 then knew that my leg was broken! The danger whistle of the engine ever increasing in volume sounded .to my now scared wits within a few yards pFme; I fancied I could even distinctly .hgar the puffing of, the steam and the rattling of the carriages, so close were they upon me. A frightful death appeared inevitable; for even then, in the midst of my bewilderment, I knew I was partially resting on the metals. More suddenly than I can describe, and as if by a miracle, ray whole presence of mind and energy returned. I had onlv a minute or so to spare, but I deliberately felt up and down the rail as far as,my arm could reach, and came to the conclusion that Iwas undoubtedly lying in the very track of the train. The level was somewhat lower than the,, six-foot space, as it always is; moreover, I could feel one of of the chairs, or iron soijfets, in which the rail rests, and is so secured, to the sleepers, one of which was directly \under me, thus leaving no doubt of my position. The ground trembled with the swift nearing of the, engine and its load, just as by a desperate effort with arms, elbows, and shoulders (I hardly know how,) I managed to half drag, half roll myself out of its, way. In another second, with a frightful shriek, a momentary burst of light, a shower of sparks, dust, and cinders, scorching me with its hot breath, and deafening me with the roar and rattle, the fiery monster, with its serpent-like tail, swept past me within an inch or. two of my head, and almost grazing my shoulder, as I lay parallel to its deathdealing course! The whirl and clattcr that succeeded in*my brain again left me stupefied ; but this time I was aroused by the friendly caress of poor Bogie, who had found me out, and was licking my face, barking and scratching at me with his paws. The faithful doggie had acted as worthily in this emergency as if he had been born and trained in the hospice of St. Bernard. I. found afterwards that I had never been very far from the station, where Bogie had eventually made his appearance, and was recognised by a porter, who had noticed him with me on Christmas-day. The animal's proceeding further attracted attention, He ran in and out of the door, barking and yelping piteously; then away into the darkness, and back again, until he induced the man to come out on to the platform to see what was the matter. Struck by the dog's importunities, and not finding me there, he concluded naturally that I had lost my. way. Halloaing from time to time, and getting nd' answer, he returned for a lantern, and with one of his mates was guided by the dog to the spot where I lay. The fog, lifting soon after the last up train had passed—the one which nearly cost mo my life—they had less difficulty in discovering the direction Bogie took. Finding that he kept straight along the line, and still getting no answer to their repeated cries, the .porters imagined, when they came up with nie, which they did almost immediately after I had been roused by .thetlog's caresses, that I had been run over and killed. I soon explained how matters were, and a shutter being procured, I, not long after, found myself in the. station-masters snug parlour. My leg is quite well now, and I have examined the zig-zag route which brought me to such terrible grief after had left my uncle's cottage. Meanwhile I had beeu informed that, there were unmistakeable evidences which "showed distinctly that I had fallen, in the first place, into the foundations of the partly-finished houses fronting the railway on the new road, and the blow I had received on the head was from a protruding scaffold-pole, against which I had deliberately walked, having, by tnere chance taken, in my bewilderment, the direct route to the .station. .In making my precipitate descent oT the sloping railway cutting, which I had come upon through a carelessly left'gap in the temporary barriers, I had been tripped, up by the low wires running along the side of the line, by which certain signals, some little way down it, are worked from the station itself. The fog which had put me iq.,my.perilous position at the same timp served to pireserve mo, for had not the np-train which I was going to catch been delayed by it for more than half an hour, the engine would inevitably have cut my head off, as I lay stunned and senseless in its track.—Soutledge's Annual. ? ? 