The trite proverb runs that " What is every body's business is nobody's." We have received a communication calling attention to the want of care in what was formerly known as the town pump. The blessing of good water to dwellers in this coun" try must be well understood, and it is a paramount duty of those who ha ye the care of the public interests to see that everything tending to, its supply should be jealously protected. Our informant complains of the great waste of water by some of those who use the pump, and of the bad and much worn approaches to it. Surely, it only needs any such complaint to be known to secure the immediate attention of the Shire Council or its officers, who are ever ready to correct abuses. The Avoca hounds duly met as appointed, on Saturday last, at Lilicur. The scent, as usual after so long a spell of dry weather, did not lie well, for although the long-tailed ones were several times in view no kill was made, the dogs invariably falling short. The weather was glorious and the country rough, so that in spite of the want of success a very pleasant day was passed. The only trophy of the chase was a young "joey" dropped by the mother, which was with difficulty saved from the dogs and brought home,, possiby to do duty on another occasion. We call attention to the entertainment given this evening by a well known known as " Jemmy the Conjurer." quaint, and amusing, and a visit to the to be prcstkligitateur He is clever, Theatre will result in not a little amusement. prices should command an audience. Victoria The The petitions to the Legislative Council and Legislative Asspmbly, to be presented by the squatting tenants of the Crown against the increased rental clause and others in the Land Bill now before Parliament, are being actively handed through this, amongst other districts. The canvassers, we understand, are obtaining numerous signatures, a very general impression prevailing that the rentals proposed are excessively high, and calculated to ruin, if carried out, one of the most important interests of the colony. We have before expressed our dissent from any such destructive policy, and trust that the clauses referred to, as also that conferring absolute power upon the head of the Lands Department will yet be amended. The continued traffic to Fiddler's Creek has made the streets of Avoca quite lively during the past week, the Chinese element strongly preponderating among the travellers. Indeed it is most curious to mark the stolid manners, but quietly observant eyes of these curious people, who look upon Europeans with an odd description of polite contempt. Six in a cart is the usual number, and the afternoon coach is almost always filled, with ten or twelve, and drawn by three horses, or a unicorn team, handled with dexterity and precision by a little round-hatted Celestial Jehu. In the poem called " Placitude" appearing in our last number, from the pen of a correspondent,J.N., an accidental omission was made which we regret and now desire to correct. have been thus Two of the lines should u The crested wave its bosom swells, And placitude no longer dwells." The latter line was left out in the printed copy. Amongst the mining leases declared void in the Oazette of August 6th, in the Avoca Division of the Maryborough Mining District, is lease No. 818, dated 3rd May, 1869, G. M. Newman and another, 239a. 3r. 28p., Homebush. It will be seen by a notice appearing elsewhere that a vocal and instrumental concert will be given on Monday next, in the Schoolhouse, Avoca Lead, in aid of the funds of the Avoca Brass Band. The local committee, it is stated, will provide refreshments on the occasion. will benefit by a large attendance. It is to be hoped the funds The entertainment, " Ireland and the Irish," given last evening by Mr C, Toutcher, at Amphitheatre, for the benefit of the school there, was very successful, the proceeds amounting to about £89. Time and want of space precludes our giving particulars this week. Mr Cooke was in the chair. We regret to have to report a continuance of very unfavourable weather for the growing crops throughout the district. Both wheat and oats, unless in moist situations, look weak and sickly, and a very large acreage, we fear, will yield unprofitably. The rainfall during the last three months has been very scant, with the natural results—poor feed for sheep and cattle, and serious loss to the farmer and dairyman. Should the present dry weather unfortunately continue, we may look for anything but a plenteous harvest at the usual teason. The first velocipede, at Avoca, made its appearance in the early part of the week. The bicycle was under the management, if not altogether under the control, of Host Patton, who after executing several feats as a " wary wohbler," in High street, once or twice came to grief, through the apparent excitability of his novel steed. Several gentlemen emulous of the first rider's comparative success boldly mounted the stranger ; but falls of a ludicrous and rather ignominious kind were invariably the rule. We hear that several orders for bicycles have been forwarded to Melbourne, In speaking of the robbery that occurred last week on the premises of Mr Larescey, unfavourable allusion was made to the absence of a night watchman at Avoca, From information since gained we are glad to learn that during the last three weeks one of the local police, under instructions from Superintendent Mason, has officiated in that capacity i and there is, therefore, good reason to believe the light-fingered genty, hitherto so successful in their operations, will make tracks for another and more eligible field ; failing this it is probable they will have to answer for future misdeeds. On Tuesday evening a large congregation assembled in the Wesleyan Church to hear the Rev W, P, Wells, the Chairman of the district, preach. The office of " Chairman of a District" in the Wesleyan Church, we apprehend* corresponds to that of " Bishop" in the Church of England ; hence it is no wonder that the Wesleyans turned out in large numbers on the oecasion of a visit from their Bishop. Another feature in Mr Wells' visit claiming interest was that he was the first Wesleyan Minister that preached at Avoca. This took place about fifteen years ago. In the course of his remarks, on Tuesday evening, the rev gentleman made reference to the obvious improvement in both town and church, and congratulated the Wesleyans on the progress they had made. The text from which he preached was Paul's Epistle to the Epheeians, vi chap., and from the 11th to the 18th verses ; the subject being the Christian's Panoply. It is impossible for us with the space at our command even to give a digest of the sermon ; suffice it to say, the exposition was a masterly one, and fully sustained the high character Mr Wells bears as an expository preacher. The audience was kept in rapt attention for nearly one hour, and at the close were visibly affected by the preacher's touching reference to the late F, J. Fitchett. A collection was made in aid of the Circuit Funds, which we understand was highly satisfactory. In pursuance of an engagement long since made, Mr J. Cooke, of Avoca, gave, on Thursday evening, his lecture on " Popular Superstitions," in aid of tbe Manse Building Fund, At the hour appointed the new Church building was quite full, and the Rev Geo. Mather having taken the eh air, the proceedings commenced by some introductory remarks by the chairman, and then the choir sang most excellently a well chosen choral piece' Mr Cooke then commenced his lecture, which was listened to with marked attention, many of the allusions to superstitious customs and beliefs in the old country, especially those relating to Scotch fairies, or " brownies," ghosts, and omens, meeting with amusing recognition from various members of the audience. The lecture was illustrated by colored diagrams of Druidical crowns and wands, instruments of punishment used in the middle ages, and at its conclusion the choir gave with really good effect the part song of " The Reapers," which was highly enjoyed. Votes of thanks were passed to the choir, the lecturer, and the chairman, with hearty acclamations, and a very successful evening concluded, and we are glad to add—in a pecuniary point of view—to the satisfaction of all interested. The visitors from Avoca were most hospitably entertained by Mr Gordon, of Rock Bank farm. We have received from the Government printer the reports of the Mining Surveyors and Registrars, for the quarter ending the 30th June last. It is most carefully compiled and contains much valuable and interesting information. The gold yields of the country still continue satisfactory, as we find the quantity of gold exported for the halfyear to be 678,891 ounces, The return also shews that increased attention has been given to the system of extracting gold from pyrites and blanketings, Ballarat, in this respect, standing the highest on the list, with 420 ounces. The returns of the quarts crushed from the Avoca subdivision shew an average of a trifle nnder 12dwts to the ton. The St A maud north subdivision, however, takes the lead with an average of 13dwts 2grs. Then follow the returns of the number of miners in the various districts, distinct reports of the different Mining Registrars, and much other valuable information. We shall enter more fully into the interesting matter comprised in this return in our next issue, particularly as relating to this improving district. An accident occurred at the New Holland elaim, on Tuesday last, through which a miner named Miles narrowly escaped with his life. He was working the windlass at the top of a shaft, and was lowering some heavy timber below, when after it had been lowered a long distance the rope slacked and Miles, not unnaturally, imagined the timber had reached the bottom, and let go the windlass handle. Instead of such being the case the timber had only hitched in the side of the shaft when it suddenly dropped and the whirling handle struck Miles, who was stooping, on the top of the head, inflicting very severe injury and lacerating the scalp. Had the lower part of the forehead or temple been struck, fatal results would probably have followed. The forthcoming special entertainment on the opening of the new wing of the Maryborough Host pital, to be given on Wednesday evening next, promises to be something very good indeed. The programme (in two parts) contains no less than twenty-five items, principally vocal and instrumental musie, the only two readings set down being allotted to Messrs Macadam and Cooke, of Avoea. Avoca will also be represented in the musical department hy Mrs Meredith and Miss Trevena, who will sing and play. We understand that the arrangements which have been carefully made will lead to a success far greater than usual on sueh occasions. On Monday last, a little boy, the son of Mr T. R. Donaldson, met with a severe accident. The little fellow was playing round a dray loaded with wood, either too near or one side of the wheels, when the horse moving on knocked him down, and one wheel passed over him, inflicting severe bruises on the thigh and arm. It is quite a providential thing that no bones were broken, and we are glad to learn the little sufferer is going on favourably. We are happy to see that the Highland Society of the North-Western District, having the nucleus of its proceedings at Maryborough, are determined to hold a special celebration on New Years's Day, Among the novelties to be introduced will be a M Velocipede Derby," for which a number of iron 6teeds are being already practised upon. No. 2 of BclVsLif∈ Melbourne amply fulfils the promise of its proprietors, to keep its readers well posted up in sporting intelligence. The supplement published with this week's number contains a very well finished engraving of the famous greyhound " Banjo." Bell's Life in Melbourne^ as a newspaper, must certainly prove of great interest and value to lovers of the turf, the ring, and the chase, while admirers of indoor games such as chess, billiards, draughts, &c.;, will now have, when differences arise between players, an authority to which they may refer. The " Turf Gossip" in the new Bell is well put together, and we should think that sporting men in Victoria will not prove slow to appreciate the good things with which they are now weekly supplied. The Ballarat Evening Mail thus narrates an occurrence which it asserts to have happened in Melbourne in the summer of 1849 :— " A medical man of rather wandering and dissipated habits, but of high education and native talent, brought a huge uncut diamond to a Melbourne jeweller and offered it for sale. After testing it and asking advice from a Jewish acquaintance who was supposed to have a practical knowledge of gems, a sum of £400 was paid for the rough stone. On quitting the purchaser, the smiling doctor said he knew where to get lots more of the same sort, and he would be back in a few weeks. And in a few weeks he was back with a considerable parcel, and took them to the same party to know what he would give. Little did the doctor think, though, what a reception he would get. Deeming it impossible that all eould be fair and above board, a policeman was quietly sent for, and unlucky Medicus taken to durance vile as either a thief or an impostor^ When brought up before the court a number of witnesses were examined as experts in precious stones, and the evidence was so evenly balanced as to whether the samples produced were genuine or false, that the case was dismissed. Before leaving the presence of the bench, the indignant doctor declared that he had found the alleged gems on an island off the coast of Tasmania, where they were in plenty, but there they might lie for he was not going to risk being sent to gaol as the reward for a great discovery. Since then nothing was he&rd; of him nor the stones he had exhibited ; and the subject would have escaped recollection but for the present * nine days' wonder.'" 4n accident, most providentially not fatal, occurred to two miners in No 2 shaft, Sadowa, Rocky Flat, early on Saturday morning, It appears that, owing to the fuse not going off, they imagined it had missed fire, and acting under this impression descended tbe shaft. Whilst probing Ihe fuse to attach another, it suddenly exploded^ severely injuring both men ; their faces were considerably scorched, and more or less damage to the sight is apprehended. The unfortunate men are named Nutt and Pryse, and are well known in this district, Nutt being the contractor for sinking the shaft. Pryse, in addition to the mischief about the head and face, bad his left hand shattered by a fragment of rock. Drs Alexander and Dowling were sent for, and amputation of the left hand was performed by Dr Dowling. We are informed the doctor is apprehensive he may lose the whole of the left hand up to the wrist joint. Indeed, considering the blast was in solid rock, it is little less than miraculous they were not both killed 0131 the spot. 