ELECTION FOR THE DISTRICT OF HOBART. The polling for candidates to represent the District of Hobart, in the Legislative Council, in the place of the hon. P. O. Fysh, resigned, commenced yesterday morning at the seven polling places, appointed by the Electoral Act, namely the Town Hall, St. George's Hill, Davey-street, Goulburn-street, Harrington- street, Argyle-street, und Murray-street, at 9 o'clock, the Right Worshipful the Mayor, as Returning Officer, presiding at the Town Hall, and Messrs. W. Carmichael, It. T. 0. I Yates, F. S. Edgar, J. W. Kirwan, C. Toby, and C. W. Hall, respectively officiating as Deputy Return- ing Officers at the other polling booths. There was not much excitement at the early part of the day, although the usual provisions was made of cars and cabs for the accommodation of the supporters of Dr. Crowther and Mr. Crisp, the two candidates for the vacant seat. The committees were, however, active from the first, and by noon about one hundred votes had been polled in the aggregate, of which about 30 were recorded at the Town Hall. There are 503 names on the polling list, but considerable reductions had to be made in respect of deaths, absence, &c;, and the rather large number of 310 votes were recorded by the close of the poll at four o'clock, at which hour crowds of persons had assembled at the different polling places, especially at the Town Hall. During the day speculation was rife as to the result, both parties, as usual, expressing themselves in sanguine terms of the prospects of their favorites, and huge odds being offered and accepted in favor of one or the other of the candidates At the close of the poll, there was no time lost in ascertaining the numbers, and by half-past four the several Deputy Returning Officers made their appearance before the Mayor with the returns The aggregate numbers were ascertained as follows - Crisp Crou thor Informal a Town Hall 2 7 5 1 St Currie s Hill II 2d 1 Bney street 1 24 0 Oonllmrn street 3 2.1 0 Burlington Street G U 0 Argyle street S 12 1 Marne) street 21 13 2 Totals 112 23,1 fi The Returning Officer then proceeded to the large hall upstairs, where by that time the citizens had long ruled and declared the result of the election, namely - Crou thai.223 Crisp . 112 Informal votes J. it He then formally declared William Lodewyk Crowther, IjS't, duly) elected member to serve in the Legislative Council, for the district of Hobart, in the place of Philip Oakley Fysh, Esq , resynod (Groat cheat ing ) Dr Olio«Tin ii who came forward amid loud and I enthusiastic cheering, mingled with expressions of disapprobation), said he had (list to returning sincere thanks to the members of Subcommittee, to Captain I Fisher and the others who had worked so zealously and so well in his behalf on that day. He also begged to return his sincere thanks to the electors for the way in which they had come forward and placed him at the head of the poll. He had been told by a journalist, who was not very far from that hall, (hear, hear, and a voice : That's 2/s ¿Vercm-i/)-ho had been told that he would not dare to show his face to the public of Hobart Town again. (Cheers, and cries of no no.) Now if anything had made him more determined than another to come before them again it was a throat coming from such impudent lips as that (hear, hear). Now they were all aware that an immense amount of political capital had been made against himself out of a little affair which had occurred. Well thank goodness he was not very thin skinned or, if so, he would not have been there on that day, but he would have been banished from the face of the earth, as it had been suggested he should be. Now if a man was to be valued in proportion as he was abused, he should be the most valuable member of that community and it had been said that if a man was fairly and well abused be must surely be worth something. (Laughter and Cheers.) He thought then that he must be worth something, when he saw himself abused us he had been. He was not sorry when he saw a poor unfortunate black man's head come on the horizon daughter and cheers), and he thought talking of that they might fairly designate the ministry of the day as the " black ministry." (Loud Cheers.) A ministry that had condescended to adopt a very mean, contemptible, and grovelling method it could to degrade and destroy the fair fame of another, and to do him injury. He had been for eight years an. honorary medical officer of the hospital. and a member of the Hospital Board. He had served them faithfully and he believed, although it was not for him to say so, he had served them well (Hear hear), what was the result P an offence had been committed what was called one at any rate, evidence was taken, by the ministry first, and without being asked in the slightest degree to say yea or nay, he was hauled out of that establishment. (Hear hear and cries of shame.) The reason he was barred out was, that he could have turned the tables on his opponents. He could have told where the body was which it was said had been traced to his store, or at all events to a store which was once his. In regard to the body, however, it was not worth talking about, and but for the political capital to be made out of it at that important juncture the probability was that the matter would have attracted little notice. (Hear, hear.) He thought that the position of his name on that day's election showed that the middle classes, the trading classes of this city, were, nevertheless, true to themselves and would be prepared to return only such men to their Parliament as could give a reason for the hope that was in them. It showed that they were not afraid to speak out, and that they were not to be browbeaten, and that they would not allow any party or clique to ride rough shod over them. (Hear, hear.) Their cause he had at heart, and as he had said he would fight it for them. He intended to stick to the ship, and he trusted before any lengthened period transpired, that he should be enabled, with the assistance of others, to lend his quota to do some good to the place, and to restore the prosperity of the colony. It was clique and clique alone that was the ruin of Tasmania. There were a set of men in power in the country who would give to no man a fair meed of praise, if it happened that his intelligence was better than their own, and while this cliquism was rampant in Tasmania it could lead to nothing but degradation and ruin. (Hear, hear.) He should say nothing at all respecting his political opponents, and the part they had taken. The matter could not rest where it was, and what was to be done ? Why an enquiry must be made, and they must insist upon an enquiry being made, and see fair play done to those who had always endeavoured to see fair play done to them. (Loud cheers) There must be a full and searching enquiry before any man was hounded down as he had been. Now, what was the position of the conflict ? Thora he was one of the first and leading members of the Railway and Progress Association, one who was desirous to see the country prosper by means of railways and otherwise, and who had entered on that question with all sincerity. He had stood in that room and spoken to them with others, and he could assure them he was thoroughly in earnest in that cause, and anxious as they were that a liberal railway policy should be initiated, and that they should take decided steps to secure the progress of Tasmania, There was no doubt, however, that at that time insincerity was in their ranks, and if any thing could prove it more than another, it was the action which had been taken by the Chairman of the Association (loud cheers the Treasurer of the Association ; Sir. Hinsby, a leading member of the Association and others who had canvassed the Town, and had assisted to put his opponent in such a position as he should never have occupied. _ no was sure Mr. Crisp should never have been in such a position, (near, hear; and cheers.) Now what about the Railway and Progress Association and what was the result The conditions had not altered one whit or one time in regard to the Railway and Progress Association on account of anything that had occurred, and he liked to see men stick to their cause. Cortainly,nothinçhad occurred which would entitle him to be compelled to go through a contested election, and he was exceedingly sorry that members of the association should, for the sake of party or political feeling, seek to divert attention from the main question of the day, or desire to let it be forgotten because, they had some little grievance which perhaps they did not quite understand themselves. (Loud cheers, and laughter.) He could assure them he intended to stick to their cause, and he trusted he should never be afraid either of his own shadow on the bodies of others. (Loud laughter.) The more determined the opposition was, he would say, like his friend Captain Fisher, the more determined he should be the more determined to fight to the loaf. (Loud cheers.) He did not wish to detain them long, but there were certain things that they must speak about. They had had a large amount of party spirit and party feeling excited, but he could not help being amused when he looked over the committee list of his opponent, There was first the name of Thomas Stephens, Inspector of Schools, a very important individual, no doubt ; then came three or four medical men. Well, he did not know on what principle they acted here, but in England, at all events, there always had been a little medical or professional] etiquette in such matters. Then he found on that list also, as secretary, the name of Stephen Sheehy, a member of the Hospital Board. Now, if anything could culminate the indecency of the whole proceedings he thought it was that. To think, that one of the Board, who, on the dictation of the Colonial Score diary, had swept him away and debarred him from giving his attendance upon the poor and the sick, without even permitting him to go near them or to arrange about a successor, should act in such a capacity, was a reproach. Mr. Sheehy was one of that Hospital Board, who were officially bound to protect his interest, to see fair play done, and to stand or fall by him at all events, until he heard what crime he (Dr. Crowther) had committed. Certainly he should have been asked what he had to say upon the subject before his expulsion was considered necessary. (Cheers.) What were the facts ? He was appointed last an honorary medical officer two years ago, his appointment to office expiring in 1869\. He was not appointed by the Government, or by the Colonial Secretary, but by the Board, and as a matter of right the Board should have stood by him. (Loud cheers.) They should have said in an honest, fair and manly way you, sir, are accused of a certain crime (if it was one), what have you to say for yourself f Had such a question been put to him an hour afterwards by the Government, or by the Board. he should have said plainly, yes, it was done by my orders, and I am alone responsible (Loud Cheers.) But what was the fact ? Why, evidence had been taken, he was tried ex parte, the evidence was published, he was branded as the guilty party, and then he was asked to a plain. (Loud cheers, and cries of shame.) When put on his defence in that way, what was he to do ? Why he had simply to say, in the language of the law, prove your case. (Lions endorse JJUI may must not uuuu able to prove their case, and there could be no doubt that but for the political excitement, which had been got up, the thing would not have attracted more than passing notice "It would have been treated as a joke in fact, and nothing else. (Hear, hear.) The endeavour to convert it into a misdemeanor, although how what was done within four walls could be a misdemeanor, it would be hard to say was a gross injustice and showed to what length malevolence and vindictiveness could go, and what was the consequence ? Why, that two members of the commission, Messrs. Colvin and Wright, withdrew from it, because it was a one-sided enquiry, simply with a desire to convict one party, and nobody else. (Loud Cheers.) Respecting the prosecution at the Police Court, it was directed at him, and at him alone and he said this, that it was an unmanly and cowardly condition of things to condemn anyone unheard. Had he been asked in the first instance for an explanation he should have told the Government as he told them now honestly, that it was done by his orders, and that he alone was responsible for it. (Hear, hear.) Now the fact was simply this whatever had occurred, or whatever the state of political parties in consequence ; or whatever the cause of this prosecution he said that by their votes they had thoroughly exonerated him from having done anything of which they were ashamed, of which he had reason to be ashamed. or for which they were ashamed of him. (Hear, hear.) The verdict of the country would be understood i he had not lost late in the noisy munity or doing anything either that he should be ashamed of, or that he should blush for. (If our, hear.) It might perhaps be living death to those who had so earnestly sought every means to injure his character ; but he had stood before the community here twenty seven years, and he believed that he had always on deavoured to do his duty, and he hoped he would still continue to do so, and to do all the good to the colony he could. He might say, however, that he did feel one thing. He had stood with Mr. Chapman on the same platform, and had heard that man declaim in favour of equal justice and equal laws for all men, and he could not help feeling stung and wrung, when he found that man one of a ministry who could condemn a man unheard. (Hear, hear.) There was another thing to which he would call atton tion They were all aware that the press was a powerful organ, The press could do a great deal of good or a great deal of harm. An eminent authority once said, give a liar a chance of twenty-four hours start, and he may challenge the world to overtake him." («JllllglUUl Kills UUUUlO.ji II Uli, HUT A jJUUU MARry lies had gone forward in reference to him, and some of those lies had been very annoying. There was, however, an old French proverb, They always laugh the loudest who laugh the last," and he thought upon that occasion the laugh was on his side. (Cheers.) Now, there were in the world two kinds of vagabonds. One was the vagabond per se, of whom nothing else could be made, and the other was the respectable, sanctified vagabond, that all the world had a great deal to do with and they know that under the disguise of respectability and sanctity, a great deal might pass current for truth which was in reality a Ho. (Cheers.) He would leave them to draw their own inferences as to the kind of vagabonds to whom he referred, and he would leave them to apply his description to whom they pleased. All he could tell them was that all the ties which had been written had had no effect upon him, he had eaten as well, drunk as well, and slept as well as over, and there he stood ready to go into Parliament and to serve them that was if they would say what they wanted done. but on that they would have to instruct him. They know that he went in as the supporter of freehold suffrage for the upper house, and household suffrage for the lower house, and he hoped by an enlargement of Parliament that they would derive some good. He hoped at all events that he should be able to help in breaking down those miserable cliques which had done so much harm. He hoped that Tasmania would soon be elevated out of the degraded position in which she had been for some time past. He thanked them sincerely for the honor they had done him that day, and he hoped when they met again that it would be under better and happier circumstances. Dr. Crowther resumed his seat amid loud cheers. Mr Caust' then advanced to the front of the platform, amid cheers, hisses, groans, cries of " Fair- play !" and some confusion. The RETURNING OFFICER : Order. Are you afraid of the defeated candidate ? (Hear him, cheers and I hisses.) Mr. Crust said notwithstanding the elaborate speech just delivered by their friend the Doctor, he (Mr. Crisp) thought he might attribute his success to the one fact, that after he (Mr. Crisp) had consented to contest the election, he (Mr. Crisp) foolishly resigned. (Cries of no and disorder.) He was induced by a great number of citizens to contest the election much against his own wish ; he placed himself in their hands, and if he had failed it was not his fault. (Hear, hear.) He thought he had given the doctor fair play (hear, hear), he had given him every advantage. He had placed himself in the hands of the electors, and they had chosen their man. He did not grumble at the result; they had selected the better man, and he freely admitted it. (Loud cheers.) A great cry had been got up that he (Mr. Crisp) was an anti-railway man ; but he must be allowed to say he believed in railways, and he did not think there was any sensible man who did not when they saw the benefits conferred by railways in all parts of the world, a man to object to railways would proclaim himself an idiot. Another cry had been raised that he was an anti-progress man ; but why should he be against progress ? AH he had and was, and it was not much, was mixed up with Tasmania (hear hear) ; his interests were identified with the colony, and if he were to attempt to oppose progress he should be acting against his own interests, In conclusion, the , learned gentlemen thanked those electors who had supported him, and said being the defeated candidate he should not detain them longer. (Cheers.) Mr. S. SHEEHY, to whom Dr. Crowther had made allusion in his address, said he was desirous of saying a few words. The Returning Officer thought he had better not, as it was a meeting to declare the result of the election. Captain FISHER- claimed the right for any citizen to address the meeting. (Cries of order, and hear him. Mr. SHEEHY (amid confusion) said it was the first time he had asked a public meeting in Hobart Town to listen to him, but if they denied him he should sit down. If they would bear him no should be able to upset what Dr. Crowther had said against him, and convince every thinking man that he had not done anything worthy of blame. (Interruption.) He had overcome boforothocommunity beforehand turnover asked a favor of the public. (Hear, hear.) He had served the country as much as Dr. Crowther had, (Oh," Oh. No, no. Groans, and cries of order !) Would they hear him (Loud cries of " no.") Then he would sit down. (Renewed groans and confusion.) , was he to be told he was not to be heard ? (Interruption.) He had been attacked, and he was not to no Ijenni in reply tion name nor, rain Crowther ) That was what he wished to answer Captain rtsuBit here called for fair play A man in the front of the platform here remarked that when Mr. Sheehy pass Ruby, Dr Crowther ser led him (Laughter) The MAI on Order, order' It's useless taking up time , there 's one of two things, do YOU wish to be in him or don't you (2 Hear him, " hear him out, and cheers ) Mr. SHEEHY only asked for for play , he was a native of the colony shorthand bioughtupuinoiijlhom (renewed interruption) The Money Order ' (Continued noise) Captain LISHED (in stentorian voice), Why not act the part of Englishmen, and bore him out 9 The M A, on Linton to him (hear, he n), let's call him first, and Hun- if there is anything to say against him tell him of it. We can't go on in this way (Cheers ) Mr. SHEEHY If you willhoarmnl tell you stones, I think Dr Crowther has travelled out of the record, he has gone beyond the question and I defy the doctor or any supporter of the doctor to say that us Mt Crisp's agent, and an unpaid one, I have done anything that can be objected to I refused to allow an offensive placard to be published, I said if we win it shall be fairly, and it defeated wo Mill bear it gracefully (Cheers ) But was the 133110 before the public, but Dr Crowther his gone beyond that and made a personal attack on me (2 As a member of the Board Cries of " Order "hoailumout ) I am a member of the Board, and that's what has caused a misunderstanding it was a slip of the tongue I mount to s i I had sol i of the public as well as Dr Grew thor (Oh Oh) I not he said I had done as much for the public as Dr Crowther (Oh Oh "you did, and laughter) That's what I meant, under home souci in more capacities than one I've given my time and my means and time is money with me , as a pool man can t afforded to be hounded down n Ima native of the colony, both andbioughtup and cdueitodheri», here I have spent my life, and I defy any man to attribute to me a falsehood, of a dishonorable action (Cheers ) And that being the case, I demand to be heard, and I will not allow any character to be run away with Dr. Crowther has told you he cut off William Lanney she id (No, no ) so unblushingly said he had got it (Horn, hen, and " He did not say he had got the, eyes of "Yes he did, and no, noes ) I appeal to the Chairman and he know s that he did inferential he did (A laugh) Hos- and the head of William Lunney was taken by the Doctor s older (Renewed cries of no, groans and confusion ) 111 ask the Doctor (Co at noise ) The MAYOR Older ' It 's impossible to get on Mr SHFIH. (amid laughter) called for the Doctor but he did not come (Kamona 1 confusion cries of " bore him ) Well, I'll tell you what I'll do , 111 retire from this meeting 111 not say another word except to express my disgust that and in who has never cold who and lins under been guilty of a dishonourable action, when he comes before you and it turns to defend himself from an attack made on him cannot gain a hearing (Noise ) 11 you will not listen, I retire in sorrow that a man will not be heard in self defence at a public meeting (Renewed interruption and gions ) The MAY out Is it your intention to hear the speaker or not (No, I ob ) Mr Sin i n Is it to he understood that I am not to be heard at a public meeting i (Itoiiowtl cries of " Y es, " No, and I am play The M wau, line is hardly to play (Noise continued.) Mr SHEEHY I never troubled you before I never asked to be heard before A voice You said the Doctor was guilty, join condemned him unheard (Renewed (listen him of ) Mr. Smith I beg parton the Doctor was head He was not condemned unheard A Voice He was turned out of the hospital At this stage the excitement culminated in a tow two mal partisans recreatingthomsches by tinot thug and testing their powers of flooring each other Half a dozen policemen appeared on the scene, and Mr sheehy retired At this juncture Capt r.SHtu moved that the Re turning Officer vacate the chair which was then taken by Al lorinna Bulbin Captain I shot proposed n o of of thanks to His Worship the IlcLuintii^ Officer for the able manner in which he had presided. Mr. R J Eira runs seconded the motion which was passed by acclamation, and three cheers were given for His Worship The MA von returned thanks. He said I thank you for the vote of thanks you have passed to me as Returning Officer. I hope on all occasions the elections outside, as has been the case with this, will be conducted in that calm, quiet manner which is befitting. But allow me to say, I very much regret that we have omitted to conform inside to the same rule which is obtained outside. (Hear, hear.) No. doubt it has arisen from the enthusiasm you feel at Dr. Crowther having been erected us your member. (cheers.) But I hope on all occasions, you will be able to rostrum your feelings, and that on the next occasion (which may be soon), there will be that njceVfooljng and proper department, which as good ' uitUuns you are bound to exercise. His Worship concluded by again acknowledging the compliment. (Loud cheering). Captain FIMII:H congratulated the doctors on the result of the contest. They had, no doubt, by their action dispelled the sophistry that had been thrown around the election, and they had given oppression to their views of the conduct of the men who had been endeavoring to defeat the candidature of Dr. Crowther. (Cheers.) Let them bear in mind who the Doctor had against him. Son- in- said on his opponents side there were all the men of education the educated classes. (A laugh.) So be it. Then it was said there was the Government, and who dared : deny that, when they know that the Attorney (General corrected the address they had read a second time. It was said Dr Crowther was an impractical man, but if he was, it was evident his opponents were afraid of him. (A laugh.) They had also had 1 Stone Buildings and the would-be aristocracy against them, the Royal Society and all their power, and in and dition, the Hospital Board to a man. But notwithstand- ing all that he (Captain Fisher) was proud to say they had displayed the right feeling of Englishmen and of the sons of Great Britain in coming to the rescue of a man who had been trampled under foot ; a man who had given seven or eight years of his life to the service of the hospital ; whose pocket was always open to help lliopoornnd the body (cheers), and who was never behind in attending the sick bed of one who could not pay (cheers), And how did he know that? From practical experience and observation and he felt bound to speak the truth, The good sense of the middle classes of the community had secured the Doctor's return. He (Capt. Fisher) cared not for the would-boariatocraoy (cheers), but he believed good would spring up, for by their action they had condemned those in power (Cheers), 1 He (Capt." Fisher) had given a helping hand to return the Doctor, who might have of units, us who had not He was sorry the meeting had not board Mr. Sheehy, The reason he (Captain Fisher came to assist Dr. Crowther was that he believed he had not had fair play, and as long as he saw a man unfairly dealt with he should stand by him, he should take sides years J. *X^> with the weak, especially when he thought them in the right (cheers), and knew them to be released, and he believed Dr. Crowther had been fearfully illused. (Cheers.) The Colonial-Secretary had attempted to injure him he tried a man, sentenced him, blackened his character, without giving him a hearing. Shame on the man ! (Cheers and cries of "Shame".) But thanks be to God, the days of oppression were gone. (Cheers.) He again referred to their not having heard THe. Sheehy, which as Englishmen they should have done and if he said anything that was not true they could have allowed the Doctor to contradict it. He then said he wanted them to add the moral weight of their action to what had been done. He asked them as fathers of families if they heard of a father who committed a sin whether they would approve of the sin of that father being visited on the son and when the punishment to be inflicted was not sufficiently great, condemn the son also. (No, no.) Now let them just listen to what he had to tell them. He had a great deal to say, but their patience was not exhausted he knew. The proposition he had to offer them, and one that would be received with acclamation, was "That in the opinion of the citizens here assembled, the recent suspension of Dr. Crowther as Honorary Medical Officer of the hospital upon a ex parte statement as highly reprehensible, and as both the subsequent proceedings of the governments only manifest political hostility, the citizens are warranted in request- ing his Excellency the Governor to remove the said suspension.- (Cheers.) They would say that was a bold stroke, more so than the occasion demanded, but injustice had been done to the man, and in that resolution they demandedroparationin the fullest sense of the word. He called upon them to support the prayer of that resolution, and if it were not granted, to join with him in enmity to the Government which could commit tyranny and oppression like that. He had also a little to tell them, and he had something more for the Hospital Board. There was an extract from the Lancet he would read. The speaker here read the extract in question, which announced that the Council of the Royal College of Surgeons, England, had awarded to W. L. Crowther, Esq., the Society's gold medal, the highest honor it could confer, for assistance rendered by him in the department of comparative anatomy, that medal having been bestowed only on four previous occasions, viz., in 1890, 1822, 1823, and 1831. He then proceeded to say ; so if they thought nothing of the Doctor here, they thought something of him at home. (Loud applause.) Since the foundation of the College there had only been four medals given, and that was the only one given since 183-1, showing that they know something of the man and his abilities, or they would not award him that medal. He thanked them for the patience with which they had heard him, and he hoped they would always do justice and see fair play as they had done that day. (Protracted applause.) Mr. R. J. EDWARDS seconded the motion, and called upon the meeting to carry it unanimously. The CHAIRMAN read the resolution proposed by Captain Fisher, whose speech he could not call a party speech, us, that gentleman had told the truth, and he (Alderman Belbin) could endorse all he had said. They were aware that he had taken no part in politics for a long time, and he would not have done so on that occasion but that for some reason the Doctor was ground down to the very mind, and therefore no (Alderman Belbin) felt it his duty to support him They had heard the resolution read, and no doubt they would carry it in the usual manner, namely, by uetluinntion (Vehement applause ). The On SHIMIN now. called for a show of hands, on the contrary," and there being none hold-up, declared the motion carried unanimously. Mr. R J Lucas proposed the next resolution, to the effect that a memorial be presented to His Excellency the Governor requesting him to reinstate Dr Crowther us an honorary member of the hospital Mr SiNciAinsocondcd the motion 'The CHAIRMAN put the resolution to the meeting, and it was carried by acclamation Captain FISHER then called for three cheers for Aldeinulli Belbin, and subsequently for three cheers for the Queen, both which invitations were warmly responded to and the meeting separated At the conclusion of the meeting the member elect entered a cab, (the horses having been been taken out) drawn with report, by fifty or sixty sUlwurt mon, heading a procession of cabs and vehicles through the principal streets, Dr Crowther r eventually alighting amid tumultuous cheers from the congregated people, at his residence in Mncquino sheet A somewhat grotesque display was made on the box sent of Dr Crowther's cab by a well-known daily, a native of the West Indies, whose uncover 1 beat devoured his curly wool, and who, ever soon showed his tones, to the amusement of the public Same one who sat with him intensified the him, by going through the motion of decapitating the dinky s head A part of the intended arrangement, the upper into on dinky in a white sheet, so as to poison the ghost of a deceased abolished it, was not carried out 