ENGLISH OPINION UNANIMOUlS. IMoanwhile there is no mistaking the temper of the English nation. The Times has treated the subject in a series of able leaders, well expressing the opinion of the country. "It is possible," it re marlks, "for government to assume positions from which national pride may render it difficoult to re treat. The only moeans of averting such a peril is to render it plain from the first what the consequences of such conduct would bo; and for this reason it may be of great consequence at this juncture that the publioc opinion of England ahould be firmly de olared on the pointe raised by Mr. Sumner'o speech. The Americans may be assured that Englishmoen would be unanimous in refusing so much noas to entoer tain such demands. We can well understand that they are purposely put in their most extravagant form, on the plan of nosing more than you expect to obtain. But it is the principle of the demands to which we must refuse to listen. They involve nothing less than a claim that the Americans shall be the judges in their own cause-that they shall be the arbiters of international right and wrong when. over it affects themselves. We never pretended to please the Americans in this matter. We endea veoured to do what woas just between them, our own people, and the other nations of the world. We re fuse to compromise our honour by admitting that we were actuated by any other motive. Whether or not we were culpably negligent in performing what we believe to have boon our duty is a point we have offered to suhbmit to arbitration. But further we cannot go, and we could not but regard any attempts to force us beyond this point as a cloak, to ulterior designs. After all, howevero, we return to our convio tion that, unless there be a settled design to pick a quarrel with us- which there certainly is not on the part of the American poople-Mr. Sumnor's policy is too preposterous to beho entertained. The attempt to re awaken buried animosities is, indeed, little short of criminal; but the extravagant misrepresentations found necessary for the purpose, afford us no elight assurance of the destined failure of the attempt." I have on a previous occasion referred to the tone adopted by the Daily Nows, which is notorious for its American sympathies, and speaks with the more emphasis as the staunch friend of the North throughout the late strugglo. "We are assured," says that journal now, " we may express thebo confi donco an. expootatation of the whole country that the Quooeen's government will maintain a firm position against all exorbitant demands, of whatever nature they may be. Our government has boeen supported in a policy of conciliation and concession, for reasons of which, happon what may, we shall never be ashamed; but there is a line beyond which concession is weakness and renunciation of duty. We have done what lay in us to compose disputes and settle difficulties, which grow up far more out of the unhappy circumstances of the time than out of any want of good feeling towards the American re public; now it is for the government of the United States to consider what it owes to the cause of peace, iostico, and international law." When the Daily News writes in ltis strain, it is evident tbataltEs lishmon are agreed on the question; and that a war, if forced upon us, would be accepted without falter ing by all parties. The Spectator, which also is strongly Northern which goes the length of saying that it was "theb insane enthusiasm of our aristocracy and bourgeoisie, for the most detestable of causes, which really sup plied the Southern rebellion with money, ships, arms, and good wishes"-takes ground as opposed to Mr. Sumner. It asks, "What is it which Mr. Sumner calmly proposes to us all-eoven these who, like ourselves, approach him most closely in political bias? Simply this-to submit our political and legal consciences in the most abject manner to a dogma which not a single man amongst us worth a moment's consideration holds to be true-to confess a legal guilt of which we are entirely unconscious, and this as a condition sroe qud non of reconciliation with the United States. Was anything so mons trous over proposed on this earth before by any man taking the rank of a statesman P" tn a later article reviewing the more practical aspects of the question, the Spectator sets clearly forth, as important for the correction of American opinion, "what is the maxi mum concession which the heartiest English friends of the North would over think for a moment of ad vising." The following passage I quote, as a true and influential representation of English opinion: " WVo, for our parts-and there is, we imagine, a considerable number of Englishmen who would go with us in this, though we can hardly venture to as sort that parliament would give a majority to such a proposal, oven if made by the government-should not fool the slightest hesitation in expressing the most emphatic and frank regret for that miscarriage of our own law which led to the escape of the Ala bama, and for any languor or failure of legal judg moeat which may have beoon shown (if any esuch slan guor or failure of legal judgment can be established), in not afterwards stopping her on the coast of Waleis, or arresting her in our colonial porte. * * * And having admitted thus much, wo should fool, of courose, that we woro bound to accept the logic of the situation, and pay for such part of the lossone caused by this acnt of negligonce (that in, an regards the in dividual depredations of the Alabama herself) as could not be fairly ascribed to the negligence of the American navy in watching for the Alabama-or, oven to stretch a point, for all the losses caused by that ship, but not for those of any of her consorts. With regard to the Alabama herself the circumstan cos are notorious; that there is a strong casotowards establibshing negligence on our part, is patent to the whole country. That is not so with regard to any of her consorts ; but we should be quite willing to refer to equitablo arbitration, whether in any or all of those cases the executive governmenthad boonguilty of clear negligence, and to pay for the losses caused by them if that should be decided against us. We by no moans say that the English parliament would go so far as this. We are far fromassorting as omuoh as that. But we do say that there would beho a very strong Eriglish party to oppose war, if peace or war depended only on our conceding as much as we have now spoken of, and that we should fool bound to protest against that terrible and immeasurable ca lamity with all our strength, if we could satisfy America by what seems to nous, though a generous, still not an unreasonable concossion. But this we will say, that there is not a party, or the materials of a party-barely, we should think, oven a group of individualo--prepared to go beyond this. There is not the party or the ghost of a party that would as much as consider the question of apologising for our recognition of the belligerent rights of the South. There is not, in all probability, in any society of Eng lishmon,howevernortherninfeooling, even amanhers and there who would hear of such a proposition aeour paying as general damages any proportion, however small, of the cost of the American war, on the ground that by recognising the South we gave sub stance and hope to the rebellion, or on any other ground which ingenious senators may hereafter do vise, without indignation; or who would not at once advise war, with all its horrors, rather than submit to dictation so proposterous. WVo.do not doubt-we speak, as we need hardly say, without any privats communication with Mr. Bright-that Mr. Bright himself would resist such terms as ?lr. Sumner proposes and General Grant is said to ap prove, with positive scorn-that oven he, a Quaker statesman, would rather hoop silent than propose to avert war by any compromise so disgraceful. We believe that the people of the United States ought to know our true minds on this matter. * * o And we toll them emphatically that no war over en tered upon by England would be more popular, more heartily waged, more tenaoiously prolonged, than a war to resist what we should regard as a piece of pure dictatorial arrogance on the part of the Union, adapted and intended either to humiliate England or to acquire Canada, or for both purposes in one. If the United States wish for such a war, which we sincerely and heartily disbelieve, they have only to demand reparation on the general prin ciples of MIr. Sumner's speech and they would moot with a blank refusal, which they could not with dignity accept; and the end could hardly be any-. thing but war, and a war, moreover, in which Esngland would be united as one man-in which there would not be a dissentient party, hardly a dis sentient voice." Similar views are expressed by the organs of all political parties, and by the so-called religious journals. It is not often the country is thus unani 