ON THE MATERNAL AFFECTION OF THE NEGRO MELODIST. {From Humbug.) You believe that I am the biggest humbug in Melbourne, do you? Perhaps you are right, but you have got a very wide sweep of belief you know. However, seeing is be- lieving, and, as long as you believe something you are not to be despised. It is a good thing to believe in something even in Hum- bug, which is a fine paying thing. There are many tbings in which I do not believe,—in Buddhism, and the reports in the evening papers for instance. I have not much faith in second-hand oysters, and still less in the preposterous sensitiveness of filial affection felt by the melodious negro. 1 am not blaming the negro for liking his relatives; on the contrary, I consider it a most admirable trait in his character; for if his relatives bear any personal resemblance to himself, they must be sufficiently hideous to excuse any amount of disobedience; but I object to the persistent manner in which he lavishes his whole wealth of melodious affec- tion upon one person. He is eternally raving about his mother. He rarely says anything about his other relations; perhaps they have all been killed marching through Georgia or yelling frantic chorusses about the fall of Babylon, or informing everybody with need- less reiteration that old John Brown is me- rolderin' in the grave. What do I care about old J. B.? Nothing. Let him moulder. But even he was a relief to the present monotony of Mothers. I do not know much about negroes; but I suppose that they have Fathers. "Uncle Tom's Cabin"—why uncle Tom's?—says so, and that is the best autho- rity, I believe. Topsy "growed," - but then all negroes are not Topsies. If, then, there are such things as negro Fathers, why don't their sons recognise them. They do talk about their Uncles occasionally—Uncle Ned to wit, who has been hanging up, his fiddle and his bow-ow-ow, and dojng something else with his shovel and his hoe-oe-oe for the last twenty years—but their Fathers are ignored or only casually mentioned under the generic title of "old folks at home." This is hard. It is not right. It's immoral and does violence to the tenderest feelings of humanity. Then as to Aunts. Negro melodists never mention their Aunts. They must have Annts, for two melodists will advertise themselves as ' brud- ders for half an hour and then sing about their everlasting mutual Mother. Among so many Mothers there must be an Aunt. But she is never melodised about. With the ex- ception of Aunt Sally, who was not a very reputable person, being always sivTTsr re^ parties and. eating squash, and kicking up he bind and before, and otherwise violating the ? rales of cood society, I never heard of a negro Aunt. Brothers, too, -are badly treated. I never heard of but one negro brother, and he was fainting at the door.' Sisters are men tioned sometimes. ' Sister Mary' has a line occasionally, but only to tell her that her brother, or brothers, are cotniug *' by and bye.' But Sisters are at discount. Negroes don't care about their sisters. I sup pose they get married and become .Mothers. It is always ' Mothpr.' ' Mother Tve come home to die ' Just before tbe battle, ?mother? 'Just after the battle, mother;' ' Mother kissed me in nay dream ;' ' Rock me to sleep mother.' It is sinful. Why couldn't a negro melodist be kissed for his grandmother, or his father-in-law, or even his mother- in-law? Wbv couldn't his aunt kiss him in his dream? -Why couldn't his wite's sister be 'just before the battle' as well as his mother? I cun't see any reason. I should like to know why the negro -father is is thus ignored. I ask the question of tbe melodious negro in the name of humanity, in the name of his Aunt, and . Sister, and Uncle, and Cousins, in the name of his Mother if he likes, who must have known something about his Father if oobody else did. Why bless my soul, I never heard of but one negro father that I could swear to, and' he was re presented iu a degrading position of hen pecked misery, and urged to 'come home,' as mother- bad been waiting since tea!' Is -every negro melodist a sort of Sam Japhet in search of a father, or what is the reason ? ' Q The following report of a highly amusing and ;ratbers novel scene occurred during the performance of ' Uodine' at the Varieties. Theatre, St. Louis, on Friday evening. 4th ?June, and is sent to u$ (New York Clipper ) by a correspondent, who siys: — 'I give it to you just as it occulted. During the even ing, and whilst the fifty ballet dancers were on the stage enjoying their « bath of beauty' in the ' ISochanted -Silver Lake'scene, a half 'dozen or 'more : of 'elegant and fashionably dressed youths entered the crowded building, 'each carrying . a . dozen . bouquets, and soon disappeared in one -jof. the lower proscenium boxes on the., right* -nearest, and 'facing tbe stage. When the dancing was over- a perfect shower of banquets fell apon the stage for . the poor ballet girls, the avowed intention of tbe young men iq , the box being, as. was afterwards learned, to present* to every ballet girl, except MdUe. GonchitaRonzitti, a few bouquets. Mdlle. Bonz «tti was to be left out, ignored entirely, and not tbe slightest notice 'was paid to her /during the whole evening, except when she -appeared in the can-c^n. When * all' the others bad-finished in the dancing, -the-lady' in question made her appearance, and had got about ' half-way through her dance, and whilst executing 'one -of-'berposes by elevating her. leg high in, the air, one of the you'ng men in the box rose and .itnujiadijiiely buried a large- decayed and 'withered bouquet at her, whicbp truck her. in the abdomen -with £uch force as to knock her out of hpr position. - Ao immense' bunch of greens followed. - The lady quickly T'egaiqed -her feet , an d i nani n s t a n t, like a flash of lightning, Js&e; flew into the box .occupied by the;.yo'uths, and began a ^series -of .slapping and hair-pulliug attacks npon the youtbs, all of which they submitted to' without the sli5htestr--esiatance;-fblows:fel] thick anil fast ?upon tbeiridevoted heads; theaudience began ' 'to «cream,andthe ' orchestra fled, but soon TaUi'ed.when Rdbzitti emerged from the :battle-field Jo the box, finished the. dance and then retired amidBt the deafening., applause that the., .audience- Accorded to her. 1 The youths one by one crept out of the bbx almost unseen, and disappearedr No bouquets, have' been thrpwhjto the lady since?' * ' ' ' A morceau of parigian gossip from the JD^ylesfaTd:-Msf-cury,-—^fie ..regret- to see It stated taat ttainiantabl e violoncellist, Mr. ^OBaVj Wbo io conjunction with tbe admirable ▼iolini8t, Po08sard, pcrformed in Daylesford some y?ara aao, is ,ao .inmate. of a lunatic asylum , sear Paris. ; - . Symptoms ; of mental . -disease bad .appearedevenwbenbewas here Poor-Douay- notwithstanding his loss of reason, plays as exquisitely as ever, and it is «aid |ha,t during a recent visit, of the Empress \- Eugenib to the 'private asylum, where he is detained, his pathetic music moved her to jtears. , Penssard.now in. Paris, is,- we. are glad to leara.likely to revisit this colony.' - SOALPEb .A£iiyE1 JlT ^W-^SHITA.— rr A victim ,of Indian vengeance.in tbe.-preseBt struggle .alpjag „th« -borders arrived' in Detroit last ' Saturday night, on his way -to his- bntne -in ^ New York, near -Rufield, Munroe County. His name is Delos Q-. Sanbereton, and he lost tis-8calpat the batt1e'of Washita. ''He has been' an inmate of Laramie Hospital since that. -event, and was ^discharged about ten daysiago 4»y reaBon of the expiration cf his term of service. He allowed th'e 'curious to ?examine bis bead, and* gave the following account of his experience ' I was in the infantry. -Custer bad command of the troops. There was quite of cavalry with us, but they were about a mile in the rear when we first discovered the reds. Some of the troops had been sent ground so as to attack from th^s jjthej side, Tiie .reds were camped id a sort of yalley, And we were within eighty Tbdsbfthem^forhalf-an- feiourbefore day-break. Just in the .^ray of the morning, the firing commenc^-on ^otb iides, and had it all our ownway for A few iBiQ6tes,]the cursed snakes being much confused, and* not know ing whatwas op. At length they rallied, and we ! could hear Black Efettle, shouting and ?ordering. The1 vermin got into boles and behind rocks— anywhere they could find a ' plabe, and began to fight back with a will. We fired whenever we could see a top- knot, and abet squaws— there were lots of them — just as quick as Indians. When it was fully fuUyifdayligbt/ we all 'gave a bis yell and charged right- down into camp. The lodges were all a standing yet; and lots of Indians in, thein..ft £ As we ran - through the alleys, a big?ed-jamped out attne from behind a tent, ^and before I could shorten upi 'enoiigh to ran bim through With 'my ' bayonet, a squaw 'gra,bbed TOe aronnd the lege and twisted me ?down; . The camp was full of men fighting, and everybody seemed to be yelling as loud ;«sjbe could. When I fell I went over back wards, dropping my gun, and I had just got part way up again, tbe squaw yanking me by the- hair,' when the' Indian clubbed my gun and struck me across the neck. The blow stunned. me ; and the squaw kept-ecrepching and pulling my hair out by handfuls. I Keard some of our boys shouting close by, and the squaw started, and ran, one of the ' boys kiiHbg' her hot three rods off. The Indian stepped one foot on my chest, and with hia'band* gathered up tbe bair near the erowH .jof-my bead*. -e fle w-asnVvery tender abeut it, but jerked my bead this way and tbat. like Satan. My eyes were' partially open, and. JLcoald i-see.-the bead. work and trimming on his^laggings. Suddenly I felt the awfullest biting^ cutting flash go round toy beadfand thfeb it seemed- to me just as if my whole head had been jerked clean off. I never 'felt such pain in all my life ; it was like pulling your braiuB Mgbt out. I didn't 'know any more for two or three .days, aod when I came to I bad the sorest 'head of any human Mat ^ ever lived. . if the boys killed the . viper, *heys«dfdn'«feBfc. bank ^my acalp; perhaps -it coM^in;.the snow.- I- was ^fhipped down toLaramie after a bit, and all the nurBing l got hain't made the bair grow yety—Ncw York tribune. , We are inforrned by the Inglewood Adver tiser that on Sunday a singular ceremoney was performed at Wedderburn in the Chinese burial ground. According, to the statement of a Chinaman who lives some twenty miles from Inglewood, one night last week he was visited by the spirit of a countryman, who has been for some time gone to the 'flowery land,' and informed him that the said spirit felt the effects of the late frosts in his damp grave very much, and that he needed several 'creature comforts.' John immediately went to town, purchased a suit of new clothes not even omitting a substantial flannel. These he took to the grave of the cold ghost, stretched them nicely out on it, and then set them on fire. He afterwards poured the con tents of a bottle of brandy over it, placed some pipelights and a post at the corners of the grave to each of which was attached a letter addressed to the ' dear departed.' When asked why he did not leave a pipe and opium to be used with the pipe lights, John replied very reverently, 'Got him too muchy down below (pointing to the grave), and then quietly made his exit. The fact was wit nessed by several Europeans, and it is the second similar occurrence within a month. ? The young ladies in the Maine. Law State, it is said, still continue to kiss the lips of the temperance men, to see if they have been tampering with liquor. Just imagine a' beau tiful young temperance, woman, with all tbe dignity of an executive officer, and the in nocence of a dove^-with the charge, 'Mr. — — the ladies believe you are in the habit 'Of tampering with liquor, and they have ap pointed me to examine you according to nur established rules;' are you willing?' Tou nod acquiesence.. She gently .steps close to ?you, lays her white arm round .your neck, ^dashesback her raven curls, raises her sylph like form on tip-toe, her snowy heaving bosom against your own and witV. her angelic fea tures lit up with a smile as sweet as heaven, places her rich, rosy, poutv, sugar, molasses, lilly, rosebud, creatn-tart, apple-pie peach pudding, apple-dumpling, gingerbread-, nectar lips against yours, and (0, Jerusalem hold us 1) kisses you. Hurrah for tbe gals and the Maine Law, and death to opposition.' 