THE THREE HENRYS. A Psychological Puzzle. I had lain in my bed for two hours or more, Without the least sign or the taste of a snore; I had tumbled and toss'd, and tumbled and roll'd: Young Tau had the wind, and the wife had the cold; She complain'd of sore throat, so did nothing but scold. I fidgetted, fretted, and swore like a Turk-- It might be the supper, cold roast loin of pork; So finding 'twas useless to tumble and roll, Like a sensible man I went out for a stroll. Past twelve o' the clock:—all publics were closed: The topheavy sot in the gutter reposed, The rat sidled out from his hole in the wall, The cat told her love in a long caterwaul. The sphinxes that roost on George Thornton's tall column Wagg'd their mangey old tails and forgot to look solemn, And the cabby who snor'd in his ricketty hansom Dream'd a dream of such fares as a monarch would ransom. It seems a great pity In the midst of a city Some one's always about On the rampage or rout, To scare any ghost that might chance to he out; To scare any ghost that might wish to be witty; For ghosts wont appear When gaslamps burn clear, Or even the nose of a bobby is near— They seem to remember they're not very pretty. These were some of my thoughts as I sniff'd the night air, And took a slight lunar at Luna the fair; When down the street, Three pairs of feet And figures three— Each one a he— Came at a pace most uncommon and fleet. Too longs and a short Make up three—or they ought— Who halted in front of the rooms of Tom Mort; Whilst I stood sentry Beside the entry, And a jolly good glimpse of the gentlemen caught. Those who believe in demonology Must also be students of conchology, For a sprite or a fiend, if a bit of a swell, Can pack himself up in a pillbox-like shell; Whilst spectres are lighter than airified bread, And they always belong to some fellows gone dead. Well, as I am a sinner, These three chaps were thinner Than sandwiches cut for a hobgoblin's dinner; You could ogle right through 'em, And people who knew 'em Would have laugh'd had you said The two long ones were dead, For they wander'd down George Street to business to-day; The short fellow couldn't, because he's away. And one of the tall coves, all bearded and gray, With a statesman-like air and a bumptious big bounce, Prime Minister, poet—a lame one they say— Who sells copper and iron and brass by the ounce, After standing a moment in front of the wicket,— After feeling and fumbling in every pocket,— Produced a small key which he said was the ticket, Since it fitted the gate, and would do to unlock it. "Good night, brother bards—I am Henry the First, And I seek the Tank Stream where my genius was nurst, Where the murmurs that ripple and rise to its top Are as pure as the fizz of the best ginger pop; I will rest me awhile and forget the blow'd shop; Good night"—and the voice of the minstrel retreating Died in murmurs away like a billygoat's bleating. The other long bard wore a plume de guerre, With a jaunty Lord Dundreary air; A helmet of leather, a blood-red crest, And the Buffalo Order* shone bright on his breast, Whilst six feet to his sword show'd he stood not on trifles, But belonged to the Mounted Colonial Rifles. Up the next street he rush'd, till he reach'd the domain; I followed, of course, in the mighty man's train To the spot where our great cricket matches are play'd, And the troops shoot their ramrods away on parade; And taking his stand 'neath the shade of a tree Where the point or the flag of salute ought to be, Thus this son of a gun broke the stillness of night With the beautiful plaint I proceed to indite:— It's vewy sweet when a gentle showaw Falls on the leaves of a dwooping flowaw; The sound to a poet is sweet to heaw, At least I should say—yes, that's my ideaw. It's vewy sweet when a twumpet's cawol Bwings flush to cheek and eye to barwell, And Mac Leawy woaws, "Bwing up the weaw"— It's fwightfully gwand—yes, that's my ideaw. I'm sweetly alone, like the dwooping flowaw, Dwied up and wanting that gentle showaw; The twumpet's cawol no more I heaw,— It's too late now to do some beaw. "I am Henry the Second," he cried in a trice, And address'd the sweet rhymes in an envelope nice To the Hunter Street sage (signed, a towel-horse twice.)* The third poet led me a terrible chase With his spindle-shank'd legs and his artichoke face, Over rocks, through the brushwood, by hill, dale, and glen, Down ravine and creek, over bog, burn, and fen, Where the fern stalks are rustling their centipede leaves, And the bright tassell'd corn laughs in glittering sheaves, To where the bold land and the ocean are meeting, And the ever-white surge on the gray rocks is beating:— Is beating. There paused he, and sate by the edge of the seas, Aud it cost him a most unpoetical sneeze; Yet he snuff'd up with rapture the newly-born breeze, Which, gathering strength as it pass'd on its way, Arous'd the glad earth to the coming of day, And sang a sweet psalm in the aisles of the trees. He watch'd with delight the "old men" kangaroos Sitting down on their tails to exhibit their use, All romping and trying themselves to amuse Like Government clerks upon Government screws; And he noted the note of each notable creetur,— The laugh of the jackass—the hum of the "skeetur"— In order to make up a poem at leisure, Might give you, him, PUNCH, me, the whole colony, pleasure; When sudden he cried, "I'll to town, or perhaps The bobbies may take me for one of those chaps— I'm no Henry the Third"—when a dig in the ribs Made me think the young rascal was uttering fibs: And a voice said, "Oh, Tau, How sadly you snore, And how you do talk; And another replying Did say without lying, "My angel, my poppet, it must be the pork." Solve me the mystery, man of Kiama! Strip by a touch Mister Truth of his armour; I look'd in the mirror,—my face wasn't ruddy, My limbs were untir'd, my boots were not muddy; And the only conclusion I draw is that upper And middle and low folks should never take supper; Moreover, a man, if he wants to be "pumpkins," Should shun Parliament Premiers, secs., and such bumpkins; — A jolly Jack Tar always scorns a land lubber— No highmettled Arab will race with a scrubber. TAU. * The Order of the Buffalo was founded by "Sir Charles Fitzroye, ye then Governoure. Ye volunteer squadde of noodels being exer- cisinge in ye Domayne, were charged by ye tame buffalo of ye said Governoure, whereupon ye said squadde did flee and disperse, and ye officer in commande did climbe into a tree for his safetye, and did sticke manfullye to it for three dayes and nightes, for which brave conducte he was decorated by ye said Governoure." One of the earliest and most distinguished of the Order appears to have been "Lieutenant-General Sir Henrye Tom Asse, P.K., of New Towne." P.K. stood for " poundekeeper," an office of high consideration in those days; and it is not improbable that he was Colonial Treasurer, as the Auditor-General was invariably known as O.K.—Sydenee State Records. * Thus—H H. 