TRIUMPHANT RETURN OF MR VALEi The struggle between the loyal forces of Liberalism and the combined strength of the secessionists .and Constitutional party. _was opened on Tuesday with a shock of battle which all the combatants felt must virtually decide the contest, the remainder being almost cer tainly a mere picking off in detail of weaker positions. Collingwood was made the con? vinoing , ground ; and, after a fight of un^ exampled severity in political warfare there', the coalition waB utterly routed. It may fee as well now that the strife is over and victory rents with the 2000 men of single purpose who polled for Mr Vale on Tuesday, to take a glance at the combined forces against whioh they combated. FirBt, as the most formidable should be mentioned, the section which1 under the leadership of the Mayor, and moat of the counoillora of Fitzroy and East Colliogwood supported Mr Raevesi either from an old attaohment whioh had been suffered to become personal to the exclusion of any political consideration, or from an unj worthy idea that if they were represented by the Commissioner of Public Works an unfair share of public money would reaoh the borough. Another contingent was formed by : the Conr atitutionalists led by Mr Goo. Harkor, and including in their ranks such laughable specimens of the aristocraoy as Mr ' Tommy' Walker, who has made for himself a celebrity at the expense, of the interests of his party by the culpably indiscreet manner in which he blurted out that unfortunate avowal of their object as being ' to break the baok of the mob.' A third brigade waa formed by the Roman Catholics. They worked eilentlyj, but threw all their strength inlo the eleotion, Mr Myles Garrett Byrne being apparently/ a chief field-officer. Fourthly came tne Jews, so eeauiousiy wmppuu up by the hon.Edward Cohen, M.L. A., one of Mr Reevea's colleagues, during the last few days. Mr Cohen has been stumping the dis trict in a manner not dignified to say the least of it, and hau taken the very unusual course of moving the votes of confidence in his colleague at two meetings, one of them being Mr ReeveB's . last. One Lazarua was brought forward to second tho vote here, and this double shot no doubt told in Jewry. However, all was in vain. When the first on slaughts took place in tho early part of the day the Reeves combination wore so confident that they considered oach of their aeotions equal to the so called remnant of the liberals', who supported Mr Vale, and even thought they had something to spare were only one of- their par tiea deployed against the faithfuls. Some amoHg them offered 5 to 1 against Mr Vale's chance. Of course any speculation of this kind was . illegal, but it must nevertheless be recorded as a faot that one individual went about picking up Buoh little bets, and netted £150 by four o'clock. As tho day woro on the barometer began to fall, and after a good deal of dabiousnoas, Mr Raevod's frionda almost abandoned their hopes in the latter part of the afternoon. The majority for Mr Vale at many' of tho outBtations waa obviouuly overwhelming, and the rush to the polling-places in the heart of .the town, where Mr Reeves musb make up his deficiencies, did not seem such us to conn teibalance. the current whioh swept in n-, the five Glasshouse divisions. Hero Mr Vale's supporters came up in immense force, and at . every one of the Glasshouse polling-places they doubled their opponents in number. Tin electors in this quarter are entitled to the lion'-t share of the praise, and they obtained it from the great gathering outside the Buck's Head Hotel, to whioh the numbers were read as they came in. The eleotors at the Qaarries deserve a particular good word too, for exactly doubling their adversaries, although the total was but email. In the St. Mark's division Mr Vale'B friendB Bhowed up well, and obtained a good majority at Abbotsford too, although Mr Reevea's committee hai cal culated on carrying the day there. Oat of -the fourteen polling places the only ones at which Mr Reeves obtained a majority were in the As to Ks East Fitzroy, the As to Hs West Fitzroy, and the Js to Zs in the same quarter. The Fitzroys formed the sole stay of his snp porters, and the last' ghost of a hopo was given up whea they found how close the numbers were. Of course these were the first spread about, and so the Ministerialists soon know their fate. When tho doors of the varions polling places were closed the crowds from each flowed towards the Fitzroy Court House, whore it was expected that the total result would firut be known. At five o'clock the assembhge without numbered fully two thousand, and as most of them were Mr Vale's supporters, they swarmed round the Buok's Head Hotel, in an upper room of which * were Mr Vale and his oommittoe, together with tho hon. G. Paton Smith,, the hon. W. Wilson, Mr Burtt and Mr Cunningham, M.L. As. The numbers were read out from a corner window as the scrutineers brought them in, the big figures being received with roars of ap proval. When it was stated as the final result that Mr Vale had a majority of over 600, there wero loud and prolonged hurrahs. After the announcement, Mr Vale addressed the electors, and said that it afforded him great pleasure to meet them now for the first time as their representative. (Cheers.) On Monday he told them at the Rob ltoy Hotel that he did not know what would be the result of tho election; but ho believed that 2000 men knew who was to be the member for Colling wood, but they did not tell eaoh other. (Cheers.) Now they had told each other by the result of tho ballot. (Cheers.) In accepting the invitation from the electors of Collingwood, he was well aware that every possible effort would be made by ttie Free Trade party, by the friends of Mr L.^ng ton and Mr Harker (groans), the politioal friends of retrogression, of state aid to religion and of sectarian education (hear, hear), to keep him out. They had attempted to do it in spito of their declarations in the Press, and at the street corners a few months ago, that any seat which became vacant ought to be his with a walkover, but when he came forward to do battle with one who had deserted his pledges (cheers), all the forces of the old Free Trade League, all the forces of the old Consti tutional party, all the forces of the Fitzroy Counoil (oheers), all the valor which Mr Ed ward Delbridge, jun., J.P. (cheers and laughter) could command, were arrayed against him. (Cheers.) The municipal coun cils of Fitzroy and East Collingwood had both been in the field in the intercEt of Mr Reeves, and united in a somi-offioial manner t.n Annnrn a nnliMnnl vinknvv. Tlii rnnnlt. toi»h the most significant political defeat ever known in tho colony of Viotoria. (Great cheering.) At the conolusion of Mr Vale's address tho assemblage gave him three cheers and tlion qnietly dispersed. ? The following is a full statement of the returns :— ''??-?-- ? ??' Vulo, Reeves. A to K, East Fitzroy ? 01 ... 125 ? L to Z, East Fitzroy ....;... ? 112 ... 93 A to H.Weat Fitzroy ? 79 ... 125 J to Z, WeBt Fiizroy ? l--4 ... 125 , A to J, St. Mark's ? 18(i ... 102 K to Z, St. Mark's ? 165 ... 1(5 AtoZ Quarries ? 42 ... 21 A to J, South OHajahouse ? 180 ... fr3 Kt)Z,SontU Glasshouse ? 101 ... 80 A to F, North GlasBhouno ? Ih2 ... 7tt G to N, North Glasshouse ? 208 ... 97 ? O to Z, NortH Glasfihouse ? 212 ... 80 , A to J, Abbotsford ? 13-i ... 133 K.toZ, Abbotsford ? 152 ... 115 1999 ... 1360 ? Majority for Mr Valo ? C;39 DECLARATION OF THE POLL. There being a general understanding that the poll would be deolared by tho Returning Officer as usual, at twelve o'clock on Wednesday, about forty eleotors assembled outside the Court House, Fitzroy, shortly before that time in ex pectation of hearing tho result announced, and probably speeches from the candidates also. After waiting until twolve, with no sign of tho Returning Officer, tho meeting appointed Mr Haokett. one of Mr Vale's committee-men, aa chairman, nominally ; and that gentleman, standing on the steps, read out the tot il num bers, and those for the various divisions, as pub lished in Wednesday's Age. Mr Vale then returned his thanks to the electors briefly, expressing a hope that thoro would be no ill-feeling left after tho contest. Mr Reeves did not appoar upou tho noono ; and after throe cheers had been given for Mr Vale, Mr Bunn spoke a fow words, amuBing the meeting greatly with his desoiiption of the characters of some of the new Ministers as thuy had been painted by their present colleagues. Mr Longmoro, he said, one night called that spurious Cohen, the hon. Cjmuiis^ionor of Customs, the ' biggeBt duffer' in Parliament. ('.Oh, oh,' and great laughter.) Mr Vale proposed a vote of thanks to the committee' whioh bad worked thu oluction on his behalf, and it was carried. with cheering. Mr Powell, as chairman, having congratu lated the eleotors on tho success they had aohieved, The asgombly disperned, nftor throe moro vigorous cheers for Mr Vale and Mr M'Calloch. 