DISCOVERY OF A PAYABLE GOLD-FIELD AT CRUDINE CREEK. A correspondent at the Pyramul diggings, in the Mudgee district, informs that "To all appearance a payable gold-field has been discovered here. Lately a few parties made up their minds to try, the water being lower than ever it had been seen by any resident. There are not many on the ground yet, say about twenty men, and those are nearly all residents on the creek. Mr. R. Little is working by himself, and is making 20s. per day; Heath and Co., from 15s. to 20s. per day. Mr. R. Lowe bottomed on "Wednesday, got about 2 dwts. to the bucket. On Thursday I cannot say what he got, but it was payable, for he got one piece 6 dwts. Cummings and mate washed one bucket and in one dish go: 1½ dwts. Major McCaw and mates are making good wages; also Lasmont and Sons. The sinking is about twenty to twenty-five foot, and any amount of new ground to try. I will write you again if things look up a bit." March 13th. MR. HAROLD MACLEAN.- We understand that this gentleman, the Sheriff of the colony and Acting Inspec tor of Prisons, is about visiting Europe on leave of absence. TEMPERANCE ALLIANCE.- The United Temperance Alliance held their usual weekly meeting last evening at the Starr-Bowkett rooms, Pitt-street. Mr. Bennett occupied the chair. The attendance was rather sparse owing possibly to the inclemency of the weather. Mrssrs. Berry, West, Jones, and O'Hara addressed the meeting in an energetic manner on the total abstinence system. On Wednesday evening next a lecture on Phrenology will be delivered by H. D. Cavenough, Esq., under the auspices of the society. VICTORIA THEATRE.- Under the patronage and in the presence of the Duke of Edinburgh, Mr. Walter Montgomery gave last evening his grand impersona tion of Hamlet. The house was crowded in every part, the dress circle being occupied by an especially aristocratic audience. His Royal Highness arrived at the theatre shortly after the commencement of the performance, and, with the Right Hon. Mr Yorke,, remained in the stage box until after 11 o'clock, apparently well pleased with all he saw. To speak in eulogistic terms of Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet, a part in which, by the consent of the universal press, he is preeminent, would be indeed supererogatory. Suffice it to say that he perhaps never was in more perfect accord than last night and he gave one of the most splendid readings that it has over been the privilege of the reviewer to witness. Mr. Montgomery was throughout vociferously applauded, and twice called before the curtain. Mrs. Rosa Cooper played Ophelia with consummate taste and pathos; and it is needless to say that Miss Cleveland's Queen was a very fine portrayal. Mr. Charles Young appeared as the grave digger, and was in the hight degree humourous, and quite up to the immortal author's conception of that quaint character. Mr. Lionel Har- ding as ghost, player, and priest, had a diversified role, and acquitted himself well. Mr Darrell's Horation was very elegantly given, and Mr. Hol loway's Laertes was evidently the result of a careful study. Altogether, the entertainment was a great Shakesperian triumph, and will always command the unmistakable support of the thoalro-going public. PRINCE OP WALES OI-MA HOOSE.-Last night, tho sparkling comedy of "Tho Widow of Palormo " was produced at this Houso. Ma-lamo Mario Duret sus- tained tho character of Zephyrina with much archness and piquantly Mr. J. Bartlett as Colonel Wildlovo was in overy respect equal to tho charaetor; and Mr. W. Andrews, as Jeremy, played with his acoustomod humour. The o her characters woro adequately rendered, and tho play, which ran fmoothly through- out, received most unequivocal tokens of approbation from tho audience Amongst tho pieces of musio in tho exquisito concert which concluded tho ontortain- ment, which seomed to ba relished most by the audience may ba menlionod the duet, "Tho sailor sighs," by Miss Fannie Carandini and Mr. Walter Sherwin; tho duet, " Soft fell the dews of the Bummer night." by the Míreos Bosk a and Fannie Carandini; and Madama Carandini's sweet and pathetic rr-ndering of the favourite old Scotch ballad, "Auld Bobin Gray," which was encored. Tho waltz composed by his Royal Highness tao Duke of Edinburgh, entitlod " The Return of tho Galatea;" was, in tho coureo of tho evening, played as a pianoforte duet by the Misses Rosina and Fannie Carandini, The intrinsio merits of tho waltz itself, which waa much applauded, certainly prove that his Royal Highness' abilities as a musician aro of no trifling order. THAXOBAC'S VOLUNTEERS.-Intelligence having been received by tho Government of the intended publica- tion of a notice, purparting to have beon is»aod by tho so-styled Chief Secretary at Bau, Fiji, and dated tho 31st January last; wboroin volunteers aro invited to tako military service under Thakobau, therein styled King of Bau, for tho purpose of assisting him in sub- jugating certain tribes in the interior of Viii L:vu, and thereupon to siga a declaration, faithfully to serve tho «aid so-styled King Thakobau, fais heirs and successors, against all native enemies, and to obey all his and thoir orders, and tho orders of the European generals and officers set over suoh volunteers, and whereby induce- ments to such service aro hold out by promieo-i of largo granta of land ; itisnotiBod in a supplement to tho Government Gazette, issued laBt ovoning, that it is oontrary to tho laws of Great Britain that such sorvico should bo ontered upon by British subjects, without tho leave or license of her Majesty ; and his Excollcnoy tho Governor therefore, by proclamation, warns all and sundry her Majoety's subjeots in the colony of New South Wales, that all persons, being British subjeots, who shall, without tho leavo or license of her Majesty in that behalf obtained, oater into euch service, and sign such declaration as aforesaid, or shall contraot or engage to enter to tako or aco?pt sueh sorvico, will bo guilty of a misdemeanor, and will ronder themselves liable to prosecution aocording to law. A FACT MB NATUBALIBM.-Wo have often heard of the magic powor snakes'possess to charm their proy, but wo novor heard that the iguano possessed tho same Í>owor. Mr, Glasscook, of the Meroo, relates tho fol owing aneedote to us, and from the charaetor of our authority, thero can bo no doubt of the faot, Last week, as he was travelling through the bush, ho was surprised to seo a crow suddenly topple off a tree, and fall to tho ground apparently paralysed, He reined up his horeo, and looked at tho bird in astonishment. Suddenly an iguano of a very large size came swiftly down tho tree, at the othor side, and made towards the crow. Tho lattor -Btood staring at the iguano, apparently paralysod, and Mr. Glasscoek, determined to soo tho end of tho affair, got off his horse and com- menced pelting tho pair with small stioks. Tho crow ran up tho tree, which was a leaning ono, and tho iguano followed it, whoa the two sat on a branch staring at ono another. Mr. Glasscoek called two men who were near to look at this strange proceeding, and tho party oommenced again pelting tho iguano with sticks. Ono of tba branohes hitting it smartly, it turned its head round for a moment, and the orow instantly endea- voured to get away. It succeeded in fluttering off the branch, but was unablo at tho moment to liv, and foll to tho ground come distanco from tho tree. Mr. Glass« cook ran after tho bird to catoh it, but boforo ho could get hold of it, it gavo itsolf two orthreo shakos cs if to recover its wits, and flow away as sound in wind aad limb as over, If this does not raiso tho argument that tho iguano possosscs somo clcotro-maenotio powor, wo should like to hoar from somo naturalliat how to account for tho singular circumstance.-Wcstorn Post. GOULBURN RIVER -A gontloman rocontly in from tho Goulburn describes tho country os looking magni- ficent Tho grass at Uylong and Drummers Flat is nix or eovon inanes high, nod tho stock look remarkably well. During tho last four years, of all districts that suffered from tho drought, nono oufforol so rovoroly ns tho Goulburn, and now nono looks BO woll.-Western Post. 