LITERATURE. LEAVES FROM AUSTRALIAN FORESTS* This second modest offering from the muse of one who must be well known to our readers is very welcome. Most of the poems con- tained in it are old friends, but collected to- gether in one volume they enable us, while admiring each on its own merits, to form an estimate of the philosophy of the poetry and of the nature of the poet. At the outset it is apparent that Kendall is as essentially Australian as Burns is Scotch or Bryant American. His soul has been nur- tured amid the silent solemnity of the Aus- tralian bush, and his sweetest utterances are framed in giving voice to its solitudes. His notes are sung in— "Places where the sea-streams lie;" and by a strange fatality of his mental or- ganisation he is chiefly attracted by the gloomiest phases of Australian nature. "The dead dry lips Of the ledges, split By the thunder fit;" "A sea of dead embers burnt white by Decembers;" "A harsh gigantic growth of smoke and fire, in the wake Of fainting flocks of parrots, wallaroos, And 'wildered wild things;" "Sullen deserts, and the footless miles of sultry silence;" —these things have a fascination for him, and his eyes rarely wander to happier pictures, either of aboriginal scenery or immigrant culture. The ancient pastureland and the new life find no soft-spoken laureate in him. He cannot chaunt the glories of the old world civilisation expanding in the freer air of the new and unsoiled continent. The current of his own life's history, aided, perhaps, by the monotony of Australian forest pictures, has made his thoughts tears, and his aspirations sighs. He tells us— "We are burdened in life with the sad, Our portion is trouble, our joy is a bubble, And the gladdest is never too glad." Nature, everywhere, may yield gloom or light to her ardent votaries, according to the character of the mirror in which she is reflected. Kendall's idiosyncracy causes him to revel in the sorrowful. His happiest chords are never without one note of pain, misery, or despair. Annihilation would seem to him to be preferable to existence, and one of the choicest of his sonnets is hymned in praise of "Rest":-- "Sometimes we feel so spent for want of rest, We have no thought beyond. I know to day, When tired of bitter lips and dull delay With faithless words, I cast mine eyes upon The shadows of a distant mountain- crest, And said, 'That hill must hide within its breast Some secret glen secluded from the sun. O, mother Nature! would that I could run Outside to thee, and, like a wearied guest Half blind with lamps and sick of feasting, lay An aching head an thee. Then down the streams The moon might swim; and I should feel her grace, While soft winds blew the sorrows from my face So quiet in the fellowship of dreams.'" To a mind of this description, as sensitive to poetry as an Æolian harp to the breeze, the bustle, business, and even the progress of the world are distasteful, and solitude, though sad, is welcome. It is not surprising, therefore, to find the most beautiful poems in this volume dealing with solemn scenes and solitary episodes. Among these the finest in our opinion are "Death in the Bush," "The Glen of Arrawatta," and "Ghost Glen." The first is perhaps the most perfect. There are few poems in the English language in which a sorrowful story is told with more poetical beauty and simplicity, and greater har- mony of scenic effect and dramatic in- cident. The following lines, which hint the story of a life, are as noble in their Saxon simplicity as any in Tennyson's "Dora" or "Lady Godiva":— "Not often now the watcher left the couch Of him she watched; since, in his fitful sleep, His lips would stir to wayward themes, and close With bodeful catches. Once she moved away, Half-deafened by terrific claps, and stopped, And looked without; to sea a pillar dim Of gathered gusts and fiery rain. Anon, The sick man woke, and, startled by the noise, Stared round the room, with dull delirious sight, At this wild thing and that; fin, through his eyes, The place took fearful shapes, and fever showed Strange crosswise lights about his pillow-head. He, catching there at some phantasmic help, Sat upright on the bolster, with a cry Of, 'Where is Jesus?—it is bitter cold!' And then, because the thundercalls outside Were mixed for him with slanders of the Past, He called his weeping wife by name, and said, 'Come closer, darling! we shall speed away Across the seas, and seek some mountain home, Shut in from liars, and the wicked words That track us day and night, and night and day.'" Much has been written touching Kendall's similarity to certain English poets—notably to the latest, Swinburne. That there is a resemblance between the two, particularly when Kendall breaks into passion, is apparent, and it comes naturally enough from mental likeness. Both are intense lovers of nature, and, while going to fountain heads for inspiration, have the dress they give their ideas affected by the old Greek lore with which each is familiar. To charge Kendall with witting plagiarism is absurd. Whatever critical estimate may be formed by different judges of the power of his pen, there can be no doubt he is as true a poet as ever breathed, and for him consciously to steal a line would be impossible. His own stores of poetry are too genuine and too abundant for that. Memory may to him, as to other men, play fantastic tricks, but if here and there apparent plagiarism be perceptible, it is mot by his will, but in spite of it. To show how naturally the cadence of some of his verses resembles Swinburne's, we may quote these three from a poem which, though transferred into this volume, lies printed before us in an Australian newspaper dated April 4, 1863, nearly three years before Swinburne was known to fame:-- "O, greenest moss of mountain glen, The face of Rose is known to thee; But we shall never share with men A knowledge dear to Love and me! For are they not between us saved, The words my darling used to say; What time the Western waters laved The forehead of the fainting Day! * "Leaves from Australian Forests." By Henry Kendall. Melbourne: George Robertson. Cool comfort had we on your breast, While yet the fervid Noon burned mate O'er barley-field and barren crest, And leagues of gardens flushed with fruit." Mr. Kendall's indebtedness to other poets, direct or accidental, is as nothing compared with his independent excellencies. These are manifest in every page of this little volume, and in making a selection, we are embarrassed rather by the multiplicity of gems than the lack of genuine worth. We have remarked that his predilections lead him to choose doleful subjects and imagery to be illumined by his fancy. There are not want- ing, however, specimens of a happier vein, and from a few of these we cull the delicious poem on "Bell- Birds," as by far the dain- tiest:-- "By channels of coolness the echoes are calling, And down the dim gorges I hear the creek falling; It lives in the mountain where moss and the sedges Touch with their beauty the banks and the ledges. Through breaks of the cedar and sycamore bowers Struggles the light that is love to the flowers; And, softer than slumber, and sweeter than singing, The notes of the bell- birds are running and ringing. The silver-voiced bell-birds, the darlings of daytime! They sing in September their songs of the May-time; When shadows wax strong, and the thunderbolts hurtle, They hide with their fear in the leaves of the myrtle When rain and the sunbeams shine mingled together, They start up like fairies that follow fair weather; And straightway the hues of their feathers unfolden Are the green and the purple, the blue and the golden. October, the maiden of bright yellow tresses Loiters for love in these cool wildernesses; Loiters, knee deep, in the grasses to listen, Where dripping rocks gleam and the leafy pools glisten: Then is the time when the water-moons splendid Break with their gold, and are scattered or blended Over the creeks, till the woodlands have warning Of songs of the bell-bird and wings of the Morning. Welcome as waters unkissed by the summers An the voices of bell-birds to thirsty far-comers. When fiery December sets foot in the forest, And the need of the wayfarer presses the sorest, Pent in the ridges for ever and ever The bell-birds direct him to spring and to river. With ring and with ripple, like runnells whose torrents Are toned by the pebbles and leaves in the currents. Often I sit, looking back to a childhood, Mixt with the sights and the sounds of the wild wood, Longing for power and the sweetness to fashion, Lyrics with beats like the heart-beats of Passion;— Songs interwoven of lights and of laughters Borrowed from bell-birds in for farest rafters; So I might keep in the city and alleys The beauty and strength of the deep mountain valleys: Charming to slumber the pain of my losses With glimpses of creeks and a vision of mosses." Like most poets, Kendall has not forgotten to test his muse with themes essentially classi- cal, but his essays in this direction fail to convey the same pleasure to the mind of the peruser as his local lyrics. The merit of these latter is undeniable, and must be re- cognised wherever the English language is known, now and in coming time. That he will achieve yet nobler triumphs we doubt not, for his style is becoming purer as his judgment matures. For true poetical feeling, exquisitely expressed, nothing in the book surpasses the latest emanations from his pen —the dedication and prefatory sonnets. Starting from these, his future efforts ought to be remarkable. May we hope, too, that we trace in them a sign of his philosophy becom- ing less lachrymose and more faithful to the higher possibilities of humanity? However this may be, the Australian world has cause to be thankful for what is already done., In a time of absorbing littlenesses and frivolities, here is almost the first intrinsically great thing the colonies have produced—a something which will live when the petty politics of the day are as lightly remembered as the politics of the time of Chaucer, and all the little great men who fill the public eye have been lost in obscurity. There are passages here and there in this volume which the world will cherish— lines instinct with the rare breath of bright and deathless poesy. 