SQ'JIEIE WAKNOUKiS UHOST ; OR, LARRY SHEVLIN'S MASQUERADE. By William Carleton. In the town of Ballydioch, lived nearly a century ago, one of those old, drinking, swear ing Squires, who was said to have been enrolled a member of that blessed confraternity, called the 'Hellfire Club.'* The gentleman, to be sure, was not only a very jolly, but a very jolly looking personage ; being, as most toping Squires usually are, of a high complexion, with a nose richly chased and ornamented with rubies, carbuncles and a considerable variety of those star-like gems, which shine in the glowing firmament of a 'good fellow's' face. This jovial gentleman was said by many to have sold himself to the devil ; although it was asserted by others that no such sale had taken place ; and it was ironically added by the humorous vicar of the parish, that the bargain had actually been made, but the deeds could not be drawn up for want of a conveyancer ; this, however, could not be true, as it was well known that there re Bided three lawyers within the limits of the parish. Obhers said, that Councillor Pliant had drawn up the document, bub refused to take any fee from the old boy, he having it in his power to throw. so many briefs in his way, under the cha racter of an attorney. Not a few were of opinion that Satan absolutely declined haviDg anything to do with the Squire in the way of purchase j but whether because he was a bad bargain at best, or whether the old gentleman thought that by Waiting for a short time, he was sure to have the reversion of him in the course of nature, we cannot say. Certain it was, however, that a connection of an intimate nature was supposed to exist between them, otherwise the terms in which the Squire was spoken of by the people Were anything but significant, when they called him ' the devil's own ould chap,' 'the devil's Own boy,' and so on, ringing the changes upon Such phrases as implied a very kind understand ing between the parties. Now, it so happened, that Squire Warnock (for that was the name of the individual in quertion,) had an old servant, who had grown grey and. wirked in his service. There was no man in the parish, of any degree who could drink- down the Squire — but Nogher ; no man ?who ha-? so many wicked jests, or could give them such wicked turns as Warnock — but Nogher ; or none who could outswear or outstrip Min in framing new-coined oaths — but Nogher. On t*oj latter point they were both unrivalled; and, indeed, it might be asserted of them, that if the oaths were taken away from what they said, both would be men of exceedingly few words in conversation. There was once a challenge to swear sent to them by a certain Squire Trilly Wagner and hi3 huntsman, the execrations to . take'3 place in blasphemy-room of the Bell- fire Club, of which Trillywagger was also a member. The challenge, of course, was accepted ; but Warnock and Nogher both swore nearly twenty minutes in full originality. after Trillywagger and. the huntsman were exhausted, or only able to double back upon the same oath. Both, however, died ; Nogher at the end of spring and of a drunken fit ; and the Squire in the middle of autumn and an oath. Nogher ?was but a servant, and not of sufficient im portauce to appear after death ; but Warnock's body was scarcely in the clay when he waa seen by the servants walking through the rooma in his usual dress, and by the neighbours riding about, night afier night, on his favourite hunter 'Skewball,' with the identical tin boots and flame-coloured suit upon him, in which he was iu the habit of attending the Hell- fire Club. In deed, it required no witch to tell them that he would appear after his death, for when the coffin * To some of our modern readers it ma}', per haps, appear incredible that such a club as this should have existed in the land of saints. Such was actually the case, however ; and that in the recollection of many still living. was put into the hearse, the united strength of tho undertaker's six black horses could scarcely move it an inch. About ten days after his interment, half a dozen of the members of the Hell-fire Club were one winter's evening iu 1-o inn of the town where the Squire had live-.l ; for this was the house in which they always ns«f»mbled. They were, of course, stout, daro- devil fellows, who feared nothing— like some of our whiskered and moustached heroes who walk about with all their courage on the outside, now that there is no particular use for it anywhere else, or who are so ready to exercise it upon landlords and waiters and peaceful people generally, simply to keep it in action, lest when a pressing occasion for it should occur, they might find it unservice able. At all events, these brimstone gentlemen who could stand fire so well, were sitting en gaged in a conversation, whose ingredients were indecency, noise, laughter and oaths. Over near the door was the chair formerly occupied by the Squire ; for it had been put aside until a successor with proper qualifications should be elected to fill it. Some jest or other from one of the candidates had produced a roar of laughter, which was certainly loud and long enough, though not so loud but that the well known laugh of the departed Squire could be heard to join in it with his usual glee. They paused, and looked towards the chair, where, to their infinite terror, he sat shaking his sides at the smutty joke of the lasb speaker. We said they were men of courage, like the wiskered heroeg of modern days ; but for all that they exhibited symptoms of fear, as strong as could be displayed by the most commonplace cravens. Their courage, in fact, had not time to shape itself into proper attitude agaiust the danger j so, in the meantime, they became panic struck, and crowded up one behind another in that corner of the room which was farthest from their old friend and associate, Bob Warnock. Never .did any man, after a decided reverse in hi3 cir cumstances, experience a greater abandonment of friends, than did the Squire upon this occa sion. Every man turned his back to him, a strong proof that he must be brought low in deed, since, full of flesh and blood, impiety and claret, he had jested among them — the jollicst ofthe jolly, and the wickedest where all were wicked. There he sat no longer the life of the club, although we must certainly grant that on that occasion he was the soul of company. Now among all who were present, none made more desperate efforts to get into the heart of the little knot that jostled each other in the corner, than the apothecary, who being distantly related to Warnock, had supplied him with medicine in his illness, and expected to be re membered by him in his will. He caught the village doctor by the wig, which came with him, leaving the head that wore it bald as the addle egg of an ostrich, to which, in configuration and brains, it bore a strong resemblance. The doctor caught the exciseman, as the best shield against 'illicit spirits,' but the exciseman not being disposed to enguage with him, dived into the thick of the scrambling party, and threw Cap tain Oulverton to the outside, who caught Sur geon Surfeit, who eaught Bob Ruby, who caught the apothecery, who, in his second clutch, caught the doctor by the nose, which in order to hold his grip, he almost twisted off his face. In this struggle for safety, the apothecary be thought him of the window, through which he darted head foremost into the garden, which was only about eighteen feet beneath it ; he was instantly followed by the exciseman, whe* waa followed by all the rest, and so rapidly did they succeed each other in their descent, that a very handsome pyramid was soon erected, of which the apothecary, doctor and exciseman formed the base. The next morning, the port and claret which they had been drinking, probably struck by a similar terror, had also disappeared. The story took wind, or rather the wind took' the story to every quarter of the parish. For several nights afterwards, experiments were made by parties of fellows, who vowed that nothing should drive them from the room. A certain species of courage, however, is often very valorous in the absence of an enemy. — Every succeeding set im proved upon the rapidity with which their pre decessors had escaped by the window ; some contusions were received, and some collar bones broken, and one man declared that on getting through the window, he had received a most ungenerous visitation from the Squire's tin boots which he said, was applied to him in a part which he could not defend — with a vigour, too, that spoke very feelingly for the bodily strength of the spirit, and compelled himself to suffer in the flesh. The spirit, however, soon began to visit every room in the house, as well as that which waa appropriated to the use of the Hell- fire Club. For three weeks the clanking of chains could be heard every night and a strong smell of brim stone perfumed the house— an odour which the common people considered to be a very proper one, as coming from a departed member of the club. The parson was now called upon ; but the spirit snapped its fingers in his face with de fiance, and perfumed him to such a degree with foetid vapour, that he never returned to grapple with it again. The Presbyterian minister was next called upon, but the spirit was near tweaking him by the nose. So overwhelming was the odour on this occasion, that the ' Dominie' retreated with an alacrity very surprising in his years, leaving the Squire to the full enjoyment of his power. After him was the Methodist preacher brought to wrestle with it ; but it received him with greater contempt, if possible, than with which it had treated the other two. At length, when all had failed, the Rev. Father Lavrock was sent for, to free the house of such an unwelcome inhabitant. For some time before he came, it had established itself in the cellar, where the wine and spirits would have been accessible to mortals, had they been disposed to try their flavour. As this display of his power vras considered very important, the Protestant clergyman, the Presbyterian minister and the Methodist preacher all attended to see themselves outdone, together with the principal inhabitants of the town. Now, Father Lavrock, was a right pleasant fellow, fond of a joke, and, withal, an intelligent man ; and having been educated in France, he was well aware of the tricks tha,t are too often' played by ghosts and hobgoblins, so ho at once attended the call. He and Father Cruise, his curate, having ar rived, they were shown into tho parlour, where the company were assembled to witness the ceremony of 'laying' old Warnock. ' Gentlemen,' said the priest to those who were in the parlour, 'would you wish that I should order this old Warnook to appear in the middle of you — or would you prefer that 1 should lay him in another room. Maybe you'd relish seeing him settled for ever with your own eyes ? Rub first a few words with these three gentlemen in black here. Now, what's the rea son, addressing the parson, 'that you havn'fc the power to banish him. — Eh? I ask you the question like a Christian clergymau in the face of all present. And you, sir,' he added to the Presbyterian ; 'aud my worthy circumambient friend, why are not you able to wrestle one fall with it?'' said he to the Methodist preacher. 'Can't ye answer me?— eh? xVh,' he added, shaking his head, 'I could answer for all of you ; but this is no time to start a discourse on controversy, or I'd pepper ye with languages that ye'd not understand every tenth word of. Mr. Dease,' said he to the proprietor of the house, ' will you be good enough bo furnish me with a thumb bottle that has no crack or flaw in it, and a cork to fit it ? This was immediately procured from the apothecary, who said he would give the best bottle in his shop for such a purpose. Taking the candle in his hand, Father Lav rock descended alone to the cellar. . Immedi ately on his entrance the candle was blown out, and he found himself in utter darkuess. 'Bayou devil, or Warnock, or warlock — in the first place I can tell you, that you're a big reprobate, for reducing the room to darkness in the manner you've done. It's easy to know your deeds are evil, for you don'b love the light, brimstone villain !' He then returned to the company, lit the candle, and once more descended, without speaking a word ; but on this occasion, he took care to observe the room as accurately as possi ble before he entered it. With caubion he held up the candle, and over in the corner of the cellar, beheld Warnock staggering like a man who had made too free with the spirits, whilsb the appearance of another spirit was visible, as he escaped out of a dark window thab led by some passage from bhe room. ' Commando te, bestium diabolicum, answer are me in nomine omnium sautomin et sant arum, eum uxo te quae propter visitaris hanc domum — vel has aedes — vel hoc hypocaustum — Domine Warnock, spiritus reprobatissime, et damnatissime, et damnabilissime, et damnandis sime, et damnabilissime, eb damnandissime, qui damnatus es — per omnia saecula saeauloruin !' Warnock, however, was silent, but the priest could perceive thab he scratched his head like a poor devil who was evidently perplexed. 'Do you understand Latin, you reprobate from the regions below ? ' Here at lengbh the Squire broke silence, in an accent that unmistakably betrayed his nation ality — 'Arrah, bud an' age ! is it me, yer Rever ence? Oh, sorra a taste itself. Will yer Rev erence forgive me for swearin', an' yer blessed self to the fore ?'' ' Salvation to me ! — eh ?— if you're not War nock — you common disturber, you tell me who you are, or, I'll sink you into the earth at a word.' 'Bedadyour Reverence is comin' hard upon us, so you are ; but sure you wouldn't send us farther down nor the cellar, any way.' 'Sirrah, no parleying, bufc tell me who you ! are, before 1 glue the tongue to the roof of your mouth while you live ; who, or what are you, : you schemer ?'' j 'Well, well!' replied the spirit, 'I tould ' Paddy ib would ind this way at lasb. Death alive, sir, don't you know your ould friend ?' [ ' How could 1 know you,' said the priest — : 'have you not the appearance of old jVarnock, tin boots and all ?' j 'Why, thin, doesn't yer Reverence know j Larry Shevlin, brother to Nogher, ould War nock's man, that died last Spriug in a severe fit of brandy ?' . i ' Why, and are 3'ou Larry ?' j ' Throth, sir, it wasru't of myself I did it, but at the instigation o£ Paddy Hanratty, that (hiccup) put me up to it — bekase, sir, we had : the clothes of the ould thief, along wid the wig and tin boots, myself havin' always a strong cast of his face too (hiccup) ; an' then, Paddy, sir, was fond o' dhrink, sir (hiccup) and made too free wid it entirely (hiccup).' ' And what's that iu your hand, Larry ? — Don't stagger. ' ' Sorra, a hapurth in life, sir, bufc a bottle, sir (hiccup).' 'A bottle, Larry a choral And betwixt our- \ selves, Larry avourneen, what might be in it?; Speak easier, Larrv, and stand steady : what might be in it, a bouchalV Eh, faix, your Reverence, is that where you are? — ha, ba, ha— see — jist this way, sir, for it's more than half down (hiccup) — up wid your elbow, sir — nearer the bottom — eh ?— ha; ha, ha^ — did you ever taste a purtier dhrop, yer Reverence?' ' Such brandy ! —never saw water ?' 'Oh, thin the sorra 'sp'udh',' since it came from the still eye ; only thab Paddy, bir — (hic- cup) — I may finish this sup, sir — that Paddy, you see, was too fond of ib, sir— thunder an' — eh? — purshue tho dhrop in it.' ' Aud whisper, Larry, or Warnock, I should say— is it true that you chased the three black coats and the hell- fire gentry ?' 'Purshue the dhrop's in it! At one pull, too! Well, afther that!' 'I say you reprob — Larry, avicJc, did you hear me 1 ' Commando te in nomine santoratn, et santarura. et omnium saeerdotum sanctissimo rum ? -'' ' Faix, an' if you want more of 'em, there's : enough in the corner here.' ' I say, you sprissaun, if you don't answer me f this minute, I'll glue your heels to the ceiling — 1 will, by three words speaking.' 'Oh, murdher ! what is it, your Rever* : ence?' 'The sorra prutier chase (hiccup) ever you seen than we gave them, your Reverence— ha, T ha— but Paddy, sir, wouldn't keep from the dhrink, all— all— (hiccup)— I could do.' : ' Well, I'll tell you what, Larry, you inuafc : give up this work— out with you now, and if i ever hear that you annoy this house again, I'll have you both punished ; for it's death by the law for one that has a body to become a spirit, and frighten his Majesty's subjects out of their senses.' ' An' maybe yer Reverence would be oblage in' enough to keep what passed on the dumb side o' your tongue, sir, (hiccup) — wasn't it the ' choice rise we tuck out o' the dhrunken set o' them brimstone thieves (hiccup), that do nothin' but drink (hiccup) and swear your Reverence.' : 'Larry, I'll say nothing about it ; but, listea! if either of you breathe a syllable, depend upon : ib, you'll cross the seas.' 'Oh, the sor — sorra word, sir. Good night, ? your Reverence. Will 1 bring the sulphur an.' i rotten lard along wid me, sir (hiccup), or lava them to keep the house healthy, sir, you under stand ?' :? 'Yes,' said the priest, 'leave nothing at all behind you except the tin boots, as you cam ?'?' walk fasber without them ; or stay, Larry, bring them in your hand, put . a sfcone into each, and [ fling bhem into bhe lake — do you hear me — and : keep sileuce while you live on bhis subjecb.' Very soon afterwards, bhe priest came up stairs with thumb- bottle closely corked. 'Now,' said he, 'if there's any gentleman here who wishes to get a sight of Warnock, I can accommodate him.' This, however, all, with a very significant '? alacrity, declined. 'Mr. Dease,' Father Lavrock added, address ing the proprietor of the inn, ' I have put the disturbing spirit into this bottle, which I will;' throw into the lake behind the garden ; but you are bound never to suffer the Hellfire Club to : sit in your house again. As for Warnock, bis spirit's laid, he'll never trouble you -nore.' The landlord was so much delighted afc this display of spirituality from the humorous priest, that he made all who were present stay for sap per, which was enlivened by the port and ciare^ on which Larry and his companions, aided by Warnock's flame- coloured costume and. tin boots, had bo ofteu regaled themselves. 'Now', said the priest, after some private ' conversation with his reverend brethren present, who smiled, and shook their heads approvingly, ?'. 'I am sorry, gentlemen of the Hellfire Club, to be under the necessity of making a small taste of revelation to you upon a certain point, ia which y»u have, each of you, something iik-^ . what I'd .call a very pretty share of interest.1 ^ ? ? 'And pray, Father Lavroek, what may ffc~ be?' inquired the worthies, alarmed afc tha . solemnity of tb'e priest's manner. ' Why,' said he, 'in one sense, not mxich.-— that is, as far as the* world would be concerned ; . but to yourselves it is a trifle, any way. In . three words,' — and he commenced knocking the . floor with the end of the picker — '* ye ate doomed to go in this direction, except ye change yoap villainous course. I got that mnck out of War— nockat any rate; and more, majf^ tliafc yd' ? know nothing about. As for the apothecary ' . here — but it's sufficient to say, that I'm to post- ? session of a secret that I might make a ^€«en6 ?'??' ? penny by, if' ? ' Gentlemen,' said the apothecary, bouncing up in a state of alarm, 'you'll all dine with, me tomorrow — I insist upon you — and, Father' Lavrock, you, in particular, and your curate, Mr. Cruise, must be certain to favor me with your company.' . ' 'To be sure,' said the priest, 'we will bo ' happy, not only to attend you ourselves, bat to' meet all your friends here. Doctor,' said he to the physician, I believe you and the apothecary have been very intimate of late — Warnock and L had some convers ? ' ' Gentlemen,' said the doctor, ' I isisist that' you shall all eat a bit of mutton 'with- me on th.8' .., day after to-morrow— as far as port and claret* ':[ and two or three other things! go, you shall ba;- :' well treated. You, Father Lavrock iayarfeicn.- , ; lar, mu3b be certain to favor ui3 with your very ; engaging company.' ; 'Of course,' replied .the funny ' -.priest;' 'vrp y shall nob only be hajfpy. to; do oursulves. thafe honor, but to have the pledaure' 6(f meebiiig all ' ?' our frieud3 here,, at your ve'rylhospibable table. :!' 'Surgeon Surfeit,' he added,' 'by. the by, . where did you take your~ diploma, shy if; I iriay presume ? Waruock and J in tho cellar be* low' — - ; . ? ?:.'''\'i':'l :;:V-;'.';f:'V: r:; ;'':; 'Gentlemen,' said the surgeon, 'a3yoa;aca ,' to dine with my worthy friends1 here on to mor-/, ' row and the day after, I tjreg you will do me the' , favor of scratching a pliiti' with me -on the day' following the doctor's1 entertainment ? — 'as fot' , fare, I trust you shall have1 no reasoirto com-, plain.' . -. /? /.?;?????;? -' !;v'-'-_ 'r ' ': ' ';:.:;::..' ' We shall be' happy to attend, you, sir,' sail ;. Father Lavrock. :-- : ''? -' ?' ''?''',' . ' ', : Ib is unnecessary to sayrthab the a.lroi't priest managed the .whole party ad inirably, oc that ths '', dinners were eaten with, bee'oiniu^ eus.-rgy. Go. the breaking up of the/- hWb 'unttti-fci.iauien^ Father Lavroek gave f'aiuU. and true accottaibn of .bhe apparition {sinluug ' the -.braniiy -bottle, \ which, as ib was the only spirit he: h-i.«.1 ?laid^dttc- ing the exorcism, he diJ. :uob thiait, .'proper ,&» : disturb by narration). :- At i all- event's, :.lUere was \\.( many a hearty laagu agaiu'sb the iloiighby nteax« . ,' bera of the Hell fire Club for thair valor in ea counteriug that in which they pretondel feo pafc no faith, aud at the trick Larry Siuwliu and fcitfl. , .j wortuy priest had put upon them. 