OUR PARLIAMENTARY PROSPECTS. Tub secession of Messrs. Bell and Francis from the ranks of tjioir party with whom they' have for somo time co-opcratod both in and out of tho Assombly, has naturally caused great surprise; oml if wo aro to credit tho opinions advanced by 6undry correspondents in tho Brisbane journals and Dalby Herald' bavo caused considerable discontent in their respective electorates. Tho fottnor honour- ablo member oflsrs no tangiblo oxouso for his sudden desertion from tbo Opposition ranks. Although he admits he was offered a scat in tho present Cabinet, and that tho grape3 are not sour with him," yet many have their doubts on tho subject. Some insist that ho could not roach tho oxaot pinnacle ho longed for, and refusing the particular portfolio ho coveted! ho lost all, and was loft out in tbo cold. Lamo apologies, thoy say, aro better than none; but tho ono offered by Mr. Francis for not supporting Mr. Puaii's claims to the Chairmanship of Committees wo9 worso than a laino odo) for it cannot bo considered nn apology at nil— viz., " that Mr. Pucm's con stituency suffered neglect by his acceptance of tho office in question." As well might he say that tbo acceptance of offico by any member of tho Assombly as a Minister, interfered with tho interests of his doctorate. It looks far inoro probnblo that Mr. Francis, too, bad his prido prioked when ho saw Mr. Lilley could form a. Ministry without tbo aid of so august a personago. Whatever may ho tho oauso for tho dissatisfaction alluded to, tho loss of two votes will very likely interferes with tho measures of tho Ministry tho future session, . and, as was sarcastically 6a id by < DTsoaelt of Lord Joiin on a vory similar occurrence iu tho British Parliament, " they may upsot tho stage coach." In tho simile wo are only giving two members for one, whiob, . looking at thoir calibre and that of their more weighty British compeer, thoy can't grumble at. In the present position of par- tiesin our Queensland Parliament, the exchange of two from tbo right hand sido af tbo Speaker is equal to four on his left) or, in other words, tho presout Ministry lose four votos by it — a loss thoy can ill afford at tho present jancturo. With parties eo evenly balanocd they must come still nearer to a dead lock in tho As sembly than , they did uuder tho lato Ministry. Wo aro acoustomed, however, to such extraor dinary and sudden changes in this southern world, where everything is said to bo topsy turvy, that it will not at oil surprise us to soo some radical changes anoounccd that will'act as a counterpoise to tho adverse position taken by tho two gentlemen above-mentioned. Al though leopards cannot ohango their spots, nor .boars as easily as the snakes their skins, yet we ore accustomed to see politicians metamor phoscd in bo many remarkable ways, that tho enolmntiag of a few othor mcrabors to the Ministerial side of tho Houso by that ercr potent spell— place, or the legerdemain of the Treasury chest with its glittering pay, may yet trim tho State bark to sail all right ogain through tbo threatening Mackenzie road stead, and Palmer's foaming straits. To speak in a more serious vein, wo much deploro tbo gloomy political aspcot that is so continu ally threatening legislation. This to a great extent wo cannot help attributing to the pres sure of strong party feeling, and tho utter want of any disposition among our leading men to sacrifice even the smallest opinion for tho public good. So manifest is tbo high brcaoh between tho two contending factions in tbo houso, that wo utterly despair of its abating unless it be swamped by an increase of members, and the iufusiou of fresh blood into the Assembly by au appeal to tbo country. Tbo wealth and position of a few of our mom bors ought to lead us out of tbo political quag mire that besets every ono io tbo House at every step tbey toko. Yot, strange to say, among tho vory class we alludo to aro to bo found somo who most deny tho eonduot of thoir follow-mcmbors. Tho mirror in vain rofioots thoir own deformities, and failing to sco thorn, thoy aro the more conscious of those thoy soo !q others. Somo hurl their auathe. mas indignantly at tho low suffrage and ignor ance of tho million; but if we are to judgo truly of effect from eause, tbo extended suffrago has had nothing to do with our anomalous parliamentary position ; for by tho statistical returns givon of tho votes rccordod at tho Rovcral electorates .throughout tbo colony, it it will beseea that hundreds ofolcotors never recorded thoir votes at all. Indeed tbo ex treme apathy is almost deplor&blo; to look upon, for if after obtaining tbeir long-coveted olootoral rights they will not exorcise thorn, thoy havo themselves to blamo for the return of incompetent and place-hunting representa tives, who havo chokod tho path of honest legislation almost from tho date of separation from tbo parent colony. It is disgustiog to look back upon tho promises of many who havo wooed clcotors with thoir honied tongues boasting of patriotism and avowing their per. sonal disintorostcdncss, when no sooner havo thoy found thomsolvcs secure in their seats, than thoy have boon bribed by placo and bought by pay in large and small amounts, and somo at so low a prico that they have justly earned tho sobriquet of so many Esaus and tarnished a famo that not even tho most potent elixir can ever restore. Yet thoro is no remedy for suoh ills unless it bo a steady watchfulness on tho part of oleotors in return ing triod men rather than now ones ; neither is there any cure for tho present cltquism in the Houso but by an increaso in tho number of its members. Should tbo present evenly balanced position of parties bring about a dead lock, which according to present appearances is vory probablo, wo hopo clcotors will awaken to tbeir duty, and pledge tbemsolvcs to no candidato who will not join heart in hand with our Australian Joe Home, tho honour able member for tho AVestorn Downs, and in sist upon retrenchment in overy department of the public sorvico. Resignation op the Hon. Arthur Macalisteb.— A Government Gazette ' Ex traordinary, published on Monday last, says: — Uis Excellency the Governor dircots it to bo notified that he has boon plco&ed; to accept tho resignation of tbo Hon. Arthur Macalistcr, Esq., as Secretary for Public Lands and Secretary for Public "Works of Queensland, and ulso as a member uf the Excuutivo Coun- , cil of Quccnslaud. Tub Weather. — On Saturday afternoon last wo were visited by ono of tho longest and most violont thunderstorms wo lmvo witnessed during tho summor. Tho thunder roarod io heavy and successivo peals, and tho lighning was most vivid. It was accompanied by strong winds from tho south and south-west, and torrents of rain swept across our streets and roads, speedily filling tho sido channels to overflowing. On Sunday wo had aiiotbor thunderstorm, and .a'further fall of rain, al though neither were so heavy as oh tbo pre vious day. Yesterday tbo atmosphere was vory oloso and sultry during tho middle of tho day, but about fivo o'clock a gonial shower carao down, after whieh the air was oool and agrceablo. Tho district all round is evidently tnucb refreshed by tbo timely and copious rains that havo fullen, and tho young maize crops and gross aro ovorywhore growing luxuri antly. Fruit of all kinds and vegotablos con tinue to como into town in abundance. The Catholic School has been ro-opencd under tho auspices of tho Rev. Father Dunn, ODd wo aro glad toobsorvo i6 largely patronised. It is our, painful duty this week to bavo to record tho death of Mrs. Joseph Smith, of this town, who died at her residence, the hospital dispensary, Buthven-street, yesterday morning, about G a.m., shortly after giving birth to twins, both dead. The bereaved husband has lost in her a loving and faithful partner. Dr. lloborts was tho medical attendaut, but that gentle man's skill and unremitting attention proved unavailing. Loss by Fire.— Wo learn from Mr. John Kosscler that as he and his brother wcra out surveying lately in tho bush, a fire, which they thought they had left very securely, suddonly extended to tho surrounding grass, burning their tent, harness, saddles, blankets and bedding. Thoy cstimato their loss at over £"20. Fruit is so abundant this season that the market is completely overstocked with it. Tub contract for lining, ceiling and venti lating our Town Hall has just been completed, and reflects great credit upon Mr. Wyoth. Mr. Swann has resigned his offico as Town Engincor. ' Warwick — On Thursday afternoon last, (says tho 'Examiner and Times,') this town and neighbourhood were visited by a heavy thunderstorm, accompanied by tho largest hailstones over remembered by our oldest resi dents. About four o'clock tho rain began to descend in sleets, and shortly afterwards hail stones varying in size from a pigeon's egg to larger than u hon's eg g began to fall. Tha majority of the stones were nearly spherical in sbqpo, and whon measured by tbo rulo wore fully- an inch and a half in diameter. Mixed with tbeso woro hailstones of an irregular shape and very much larger. Ono that wo measured was two and seven- eighths inohos in length, two and a half inches in breadth, and rather more than an inch and a half in thick ness, but we bavo henrd from credible wit nesses of others which wore nearly doublo that size. Beyond tho breaking of a good deal of window-glass, wo have not hoard of touoh damago being done. Tho rainfall sinco oar last issue was 2370 inches. The Stewards of thoGympio Races obtained judgments against a publican named Tbrowor, on tho 18th iastant, for £11, tho amount of purchase-money for tho right of erecting a booth on the courso during tho races. By consent, this case was allowed to govern cases brought by tlio Stewards against otber publi cans for the following amount.,- vir... £0 10s , £8, £8, and £10 10s. Notice of appeal were givon in tho two cases over £10. New indbtvents. — E. W. Hollingswortb, miner, Gyaipio; T. F. Harrison, grazior, and Charles llaughton, draper, both of Brisbane; and Samuel Jeffcoat, sawyor, of Ipswich. Death op .a Whole Family from Thirst,— Wo understand (says tbo 1 Bendigo Advertiser) that information has been received of a most distressing calamity on. tbo Darling, by whiob it is feared tbo lives of a whole family have bean lost. Dr. llobioson, for merly of Boligal, went with bis wifo and fumily, in a spring eart, on a journey to somo place on the Darling, and took a " short cut" to reach tho destination sooner. Nothing was heard of them until tbo dead bodies of Dr. Robinsoo and threo of his children were found by somo travollors — want of wator having evidently been the causo of death. Nothing has boon hoard of Mrs. Robiuson and tho oldest daughtor, about niDotccn years of age, but hardly any hopes are entertained of their boing found alive. This sad affair has caused a profouod sensation iu the district. ( Telegrams from the Courier.) m Maryborough, January 25— -The Central Sugar Company havo finished tbo season's crushing, and has made ISO ton9 of sugar uud 100 hogsheads of rum. Tho manufacture of tbo lattor articlo will bo continued to tho oext crushing. Rain has fallco every night for tbo past wock, and supplies of vegetables &re; abundant, Tbo weather is very warm, 20 Kanakas have como in from Rawbollo station ; they aro going down to Brisbane. Gympie, January 25. — An intimation has been received from tho Treasury that tbo stamp duty will bo imposod on mioing licenses Tho local Mining Court has passed resolutions strongly condemning this procedure ou tho part of Government, and has ordered tho Re gistrar not to refuse to make records ou ac- count of tbo absenco of a stamp. Tho Com missioner and Dr. Byrue dissented from tho decision of the Court. Ten tons of Cap stone from the prospector's claim, St. Patrick's Reef, has yielded 40 ozs. ; 10 tons from tho now shaft, same reef, has yielded 42 ozs. ltocii iiampton, January 25. — Thunder storms have occurred during the past week ulmost incessantly. Heavy rain commenced to fall at 2 a.m. this morning, and continued for sovon hours It has now cleared off. Tbo diggings are quiet. Crushing returns fair. A new lush has broken out at a placo named Stony Creek, situated fourtcon miles from here and eight from Cawarral. There are about six hundred diggers on tho ground There is every probability of its boing a per« mauent gold fiold. Sydney, January 25. — Tho Hellespont, from this port, is reported to bavo boon lest' off San Francisco. Tho officers aod eleven of the crew aro missing. The banks have raised their exchanges on London ouo per cent, premium. Last year's imports aro valued at six millions eight hundred and fifty thousand pounds. Tbo Bulli Coal Company bavo de clared a dividend of ten per cent. A letter from Batavia says tho pseado-Connt Yon Attems has confessed to his swindles, and would be certain to receive a heavy sentence. His yacht, tho lltuulet's Ghost, has bofen sold for two hundred pounds. 