THE WEEK'S NEWS. TsiNlxr Chobch.—A meeting of seatholders of Trinity Church -hub held in theSchoolroom on Tuesday evening Junel5,'to consider the'prbpriety of erecting a monument 10 the memory of Che late Incumbent, the Very Be v. James Farreil, A.M., Colonial Chaplain, Dean of Adelaide. l>r. Mayo; one of the Trustees, was voted into the chair, and there were present about 50 gentlemen, including Sir J. EL Fisher, His Honor Judge Wearing, the Churchwardens (Messrs. W. Main and S. Toms), Dr. Gosse, Dr. Moore, Mr. S. Tomkmson, Ac. After some discussion as to the kind of. monument to be adopted, it was considered most appropriate, as the Colonial Chap laincy will no longer exist, to erect a.serond tablet in the church precisely similar to that which bears the name of the first holder of the office—the late Kev. C. B. Howard, A.M.—so that the memorials of the only two" Colonial Chaplains of South Aus tralia may stand side by side. A Committee, con sisting of the Chairman and the two Church wardens, was appointed to carry out the object of the resolution. A considerable sum having been subscribed in the room, it was resolved that the congregation generally should be invited to contri bute, and that, in order to enable every one to participate in this mark of respect to the memory of the late Incumbent, any sum from 6d. cowards should be received. In event -of the amount collseted exceeding tha sum-necessary for the tablet, it was understood that the balance shssild be emended in a mean-rial window, or devoted to. some other object hi connection with the church or the school A Committee was appointed, consisting a? Sir James Eisher, His Hono* Judge Weariug. fifer. Tomkiuson, and Dr. Gosse, to prepare and forward to Sirs. FarreJl, in the uaine- of the congregation;- a letter of con dolence on fee? recent bereavement. A conversa tion ensued auto the appointmeD? of a successor to the late Deli as Incumbent of Trinity Church. lbe Chairman said that it rested with- Dr. Wyatt, Mr. Flaxman, eed'himself. as Trustees.- Mr. Flax man was absent ftoio Che colony, but be bad com municated with @r. Wyatt on the subject, and received a reply front him, which he read- to- the ]jmeetiug. He theK'read a letter from that gentle :maa. expressing fcisr regret at being unable to i-'aft&ecd;, but statiug Shat he fully agreed with Dr. Mayo in considering: that they should ber guided i?ti the appointment of the new minister of Trinity Church by tfae'deliberate wish of the con gregation, retainina, ofaOurse, their right to esertise a veto in the barely possible-event of an objeetidn abkr nomination. A requisition was then prepared-, aud signed by bet wees' 20- and 30 gentlemen, requesting the Trustees'to call a meeting o& seafc&efders; to consider tbs'aopokitment of the raw incumbent. This having- Cne» presented to Dr. Mayo, he promised to ses'Dt. Wyatt with a vi-W" to the early convening of snoh- a meeting. The-' proceedings then closed with-the customary com pliment 7t 3-the Chairman. The Ba-ngsatiha. — Our Melbourne telegram erroneoucty.' announced that ihs steamer Ranga tira broke dswii on her passage- from Sydney, whereas wslmderstand it was-off Gape Northum berland, ofijeurae on her trip £?©m-Adelaide. She arrived in - Mel-bxnirne on Sunday, as already notified. Ancient 'askp Modern Aeelaiee.—We 6a.v yesterday a very interesting photograph, showing at one view what may fairly be cr-Hed Ancient and Modern Adelaide, ibe one represented by Dr. Phillips's reeldeaueon North- terraoe,-andthe other is the Adelaide GJnb-House. The-foraterisone e£ the few reraatniGg edifices which'were- inhabited fcy the earliest "colonists—the walls-being of wood oa-pise, and tbe-roofs ®f Torrens reees-. Not much louder will a photographer be able totelse smch a pjcure, for tha- old) houses are fast 'disappearing beneatn the besom ©# improvement?;-and thus it | wild soon be with tite little cottage that nestles under the lofty waba of the Club, for ^already it is J dooaued to destruction^ the plans beingrooarpStted 1 for a new maoaion- that is to rise -Jiwnuiarxdus, and which wiilt-afr least be more stately, if less picturesque, than-the-rehc of "Irish-Row." Fbee Trade in -IfisrssiA.—Constjuioed- fey the inexorable logieaf necessity, Russia ic pieoigitaiely abandoning the policy ®f protectioa.« Whea She tariff was at its highest smuggling wao -earned cn to an astonishihsjcstemt, the severestrlaws- against '.S?prosing to he wholly listless, £15,009fC98'acituafi}y ; of -contraband goods' being brought into the emptor. ; Meanwhile, the fres-trade treaty with-: J^iance- send 3cgland came iiio-operalion; the trade of-ffiraxce iaereased 75 per cant., and in the eaase-j-ear t2ie trade of Russia decreased 13 per cent. The iiUssitai Oovenoment were-not b&nd; to the lessons tassjgbt l.-y-sach facts as these. An examination-of tine s^teole questicn was- ordered and faithfully- mad®; Cohanaissiouers w-sre sent to enquire into the resales ct. free trade i» other countries; and,-.: finally, a 1 complete revisiorv-cf -the tariff was efies-edi'tocoaie ] into- operation on-the l24hof January in -the pnr sont year. Absolute- free trade is ncfrcsUbliabsid, some.concessions- being siall made to 'jfefcniacsfsir U.rers, but a Icirc-rtep. has been taksn- towcrda-is. The seductions in.-tike duties on ra&iMifaafn;&rad; artisies imported range from :) to 77 percent., aad it mi»st be understood that these duties had already been re&icedi; sareral times siitce 1858l Angsta. Uti^AL.'EcoNCH.s.^-HhsPallMaU HkexLte, nsafes tbfe following excel! ant Jimarks on the econotoiaad hafcite of the RsyaL Fanily" IVe aannct think: that.She dignity cf .Ro« sdcy has been pioperly ejro sulted-by those who- have permitted the appsar cseein this list of she paltry sum cr-JSMs. fc>r r:-ggaag,.&c.;, of y iac-afc Antwerp on emhaikalaoa of Prince of Wales,. It, cannot be supposedsthatShe IfeJgianGovenimfiBS lass sect in tliis-bill. . A nawje important mattsr-.is-a siarge of "-aest or.ipresents and gr_atui fies by His Royal Highaess the Duke of Ettah'-irgSJ at the Cape and Australia, sad during his prasec.t voyage in tLM.S. GalaJraa.' The -Duke of Edinburgh was endowed by the nation, on his., coniiii^ of age, with a jhaadssoae iaconig to enrfsie- hisa to maiatafQ-.his pria-rely position. He is voyaging about ike. '-Tcnld, with the fuitber eE»lutneats of his naval rcrtk and command; surely the presents and gratuities he ; may be called.on to dispense in his, tmvels should ; be paid fcona the liberal income he ca: lives- from I the-iialiou. II strict economy i>-needed, it must be enforced in..all fgaarters, high.as wall as low. ■ For .the same reason it is not piea-ang to see an ; item of charge-fior cunveyance of trinca-Christian between Dorer and Calais. It- was-vesy natural 1 that His RoycJ Highne-s should Jiuiry abroad on i the occasiospt his father's illnsss; h-.it the Priuce, who lives among us, received;, on,his marriage with an Rngiish Princess, a haadsoma-dowry from her natios-, and we stronglj' indip&to; the opinion that-lie should pay his own travelling expenses. The total of. all these items, many of them small in themselves, is a large sum — upwards of •£31,000; a#id such a list forcibly-exemplifies the importance of * looking afteiythe pence.'" The Convalescent AND SERVANTS' Home.—As some misapprehension appears to have arisen upon the subject of the above Institution, we have been requested by the Committee^ to inform the public j tliat it, neither hasceas&l.to; exist nor will it do so as long as its continuance is possible.. It is still open.for .servants or invalids, and the best class of servants who have had actual experience of the comfort of such a Home have appealed so earnestly against its dissolution, aud:gladly contributed thafr : lfe., or more often J£I set annum, that the Com- | rxittee look upon its further continuance in the light of an important public duty. Lady Edith , ITergusson and Mis. Slicrt have kindly consented j to become respectively. President and Vice-Esesi ' dent, and the Com mil lee, at the request of the 1 Emigration Commissioner, have consented to the ' immediate admission of 14 single women, who have been scut oaf via Melbourne, and who, will be housed until ths?. shall have heard of thq-friends who originally assisted them. We understand that convalescents are required to produce certifi cates from msdical men and servants, so prepay j the price of board and lodging for one week—i.e., bs. t'd. The Goljlvrs.—It is intended thatihc Gulnare, ! for the Northern Territory, shall be- ready to sail from Port Adelaide 011 Saturday night, although it is probable that her final departure will be delayed until Suaday morning. The maiJa to go by her are to close on Saturday morning,, fclie will take a« quantity of stores and provisions for the paity, but £»new officers or reinforcements of the staff.. If space permit, small packages of baggage for persons in the Northern Territory will be permitted to be sent. It is a gratify iag evidence of tie. tinea fides of the favourable reports sent down respecting the country near fort ISarwin that a lai&a; propor* ♦ irtri nf Inn riintiiltafO f"J flta nivK' tionofthe members of the party hav$ intimated their willingness to remain and settla there if employment is found for them. Lighting the Government Bimldixgs.—We believe that the Board sitting in reference to the cost of lighting Government buildings see their way clear to reducing the annual consumption lo the extent of one-third. This will partly be accomplished by reducing the number of burners, and assigning to those which are left a certain quantity of gas for a fixed term. Meters are to be supplied to each building, and any excess over the allowed supply will be surcharged. The report, however, has not yet been sent in. A Yellow Omnibus at a Funeral.—The sensibilities of the Kapunda Herald's Mosnta correspondent have been disturbed, and he thus j states the cause:—"From there being no hearse in Moonta, I conjecture it entered into some foolish j person'6 head to hire the yellow-coloured omnibus to do duty at a recent funeral, the effect being any thing but solemn or appropriate. A yellow-colourcd mourning-coach, even in Australia, would look in I the eyes of most of us peculiar, to say the least of it; but a veritable—for the occasion—yellow i bedaubed hearse is almost out of the pale of j decency; yet a coffin last week was carried some distance in our on"y bus, drawn by four various- I coloured horses—that such a thing should have happened is a disgrace to the place. How much better it would have been to have followed the good old English plan of carrying the coffin, as obtains even yet iu many home villages; or if the distance to our Cemetery be too far from the township (which I doubt), an ordinary cart would be a better conveyance for a eeffia than the eaudy affair that was used. Again, the idea of this omnibus one day being used for a trip to local races, and soon after as a hearse, must strike the most unthinking as a thing that should not be." | The Caledonia Reef.—An assay has just been completed of a sample from the Caledonia Reef. The yield was * ess. 13 dwts. of gold to the ton. : The NobthebnTebkecgbTl—A former resident: of Mount Gambler; whose identityit is not difficult; to fir, in a letter from the Northern Territory, whichhas been published in the SouthrEas^V makes the subjoined remarks" There is home >. talk of Government leaving a Resident and staff i here, but this we shall not know; until the return of the Gulnaire. The health of the party is first-rate, ; and I consider the climate a'fiistriate one. The ; country is good, and fit for anything. I hare been over all that proposed for survey; it is well watered, and good roads are easily'obtainable.. Altogether, this part of the country is so different to Escape Clifis that the men of the former Expedition who ■ are with us can scarcely believe they are in the ! Northern Territory. i The grasses are splendid; in 1 fact, those who believed all that was eaid of the Northern Territory before we left Adelaide have found themselves comparatively in heaven,, for to. hear* all that was said a fellow expected to come to rather an opposite extreme. I only wish I had been the lucky purchaser of some land-orders when they were so cheap. I believe T—- V holds two, so that be will have a good chance of being the lucky possessor of a square mile of as good country as he could wish to see. I only wish I was in a position to commence a .cattle station. It would pay splendidly. Here you are with one of the finest harbours iu the world, and within easy reach ot good markets: Why, any man with a few hundreds to begin with would soon make bis fortune in horse and cattle dealisg. I believe the soil will grow auything-that can possibly grow in the tropics. I believe that when it gets known how good the country is that many of the people about Adelaide side will come up and settle here. I feel convinced of this, that if the" Government offer facilities for people to settle here-it will be a ; better place than any portion of South Australia. I can tell yon H would have had a-line haul bad the Government accepted bis offer of 2s. per acre for 200.000'acres surveyed at his own cost. I beHeve land agents will grow here as well as else where, and I should not feel at all surprised to see a steamer come into port at any moment witlPa' lot on board. Primrose's and Chapman's bottled pale ale is the beverage for this country. It goes- down beautifully, especially when you have not tasted' wine, beer, or spirits for a week, and have Been camningaut all the tine: Unfortunately the sspply is very limited. There was only one man out of the whole expedition unable-So -db bis duty on tbe lafe'of this month,.and his is rafc'from ill-health, but from an accident that occurred- to him tbe day before. With a few of the comfcrts. oi civilization about5 one a man might be very jolly here; in fact, as comfortable arany inortaF haa- a right to expetfc and that is saying a great desk I expect in another week or two Sir have more- Insure time, I will then collect a fcWOf the grass-seeds and send them to the South-East, and they oars* be tried. There is one grass here'which is very pank and coarse, ; but with a little feeding it will • come down to a good serviceable jcrass. In many places I have -seen it 15 feet hi gilt -the larger and stronger stems ! •the men are very fhod "of, and tffty ebew it. It /relieves any thirst, and is slighSy sweet If you j -go-on* and visit a stsrrey party yon-will see the ;men aa they work along- with pieces of this grass id' their mouths, chewiug away like anything. The natives are not tr&ablesome;, and« we do not see many of them: rvfact, except at this camp we have net seen any. They are not particular as to stfess;. and men, womcsfand chiidren'g© about in fcirthday suits." S?£ctai MaghstkadbS;-—In the esurse of an artifele iu the Wallaroc^bnes on the-Loe-il Court syztom- tl» following sentences occur-:—""It is a m&iter; oftustoriety in one-vllistrict that the Special Magistrate, who at one iitrne had a small partner ship in alacge commerciaS-tifm, was appointed to his ofBfce- oa the recommendation of ■ the senior member of ifoat firm, becssse he was found to* he too dsfifeienft in ability t3cfee-entrusted^with She management- ®f business. There is another district in tlic-xolony where a 1 ar^as -amount of £tigatio»is saved by.tdle introduction of-a system replete- wish inj usrlce and' wrong. Both pfcwntiffs and ddfendasats earwig the- Magistrate in " Sitombers," a-rai haviag learnt his- ©pisiion decide-whether to press ®r defend -"-'their slits. If a pesson threatened- wish an action- finch that an opinion lias been -given adversfcto' hfocass he ptsys rather than--throw money away by going irstO" Court. These are bit1" few persons who- could freotsenfifr attend osr- Losal Courts without arrivirg-at the conclusion- that the decishrss--given are- often, besides hedngiaisousistcnt t?S!b law, irreconcifabli witli common sense. It is/ an open neestion whether/the Spacial Magisirartse, destitute's they are in the- majority of insKi&ses; of legal-tore or training,--would not do wall-to-ignore the-law altogether,-.and attempt to rase--a comn-3»>-sens« | view of t'ii-oaee, The little roaottering of law-fibat ! they unavoidably pick up only -seems to confuse ' them, thee- iitestratiug the- old and true- pro verb—"olitrie knowledge is'-a dangerous ikitig.T" The anomaly ©f a practicai'-Jawyer arguing, ease] and raislng/poiisOs of law before' Specieh-ftlagis- J trates, w-hef he well knows, noir having liaidJegaJ education/1 are atteriy unable--to follow - htwa, deserves-afc once to be nub-aa end to. ■ Itneces sarily entails- a gaeat hard ship, itspon poor guitars c* defendants-, titould the plsiRiifi'ifemploy odawyer and the defendant be untbfo -to scrape -upi fiiss necessa^rguineaor two, lie-'roust be a pocadasvye indeed v/ho-oeuld not so erabeiirass the dsfendroot aud bambooale- the unprofessional Be-^ah wkh legal subtleties- as to obtaia a certain s/erdiei. If it bs -objest.nl that prcie&siotial; men of - noie would reqiiiie-laager salarieai-kan the miscefeinecvBS collection* of Syecial Ma si it-rates now sitting. So recompense-them for retiring from practice; tbe answer is-reody to be givc». They sliced' h-sere their circuits, when fewer Ifiasist rates would be required. Kitlwr a Loudr.a-Police Magistrate or an Enghsli/Couorty Court -jfedfee. would get tlttou-gh a monthseivil and criminnl-ibnsiness on the Pen insula with-eos-e in three bfemrs. And evas-i£ the expense should* be soiuetlitssj greater, thte cclsny would gain- incalculably in the qiashiasr of numei3iiS.-aofiiinitt.als in which- there is- not.the ghost of. the iliance of a..conviction- being sus tained, ami bit She certainty which woul-iL tttwadthe adminisinitio® of justice .it civil cases/' " Not LiiViLSB THE Bzstf lOP iBom ,WaK5J)S.— The literature of cou; ts.:ip> (says the- has receive diSonre choice contributions freca-the-letters read si Coimrfcyesterday in, ilie.case of Beaton v. McDenaldc They are - a<. curious compciund of piety—or tka professioas. -which pass, for it with some- pesiplie — CaleduMan., cautkiUi atnd "bad gramniaa Though OE_Y.®arriage bent, defendant bad a ,frugal mind. Sis -had ods- aya sipon bis pigsty* and another gjs-.Ihs liuen-iist. At ODe mexnent b® suggests tsat, the. botmy: 5ass he is engaged to marry shcaid make. bsa*,-." twa sarks." and-at another he is expressed wikli.anxions doubts ar.ttf-aats about the young lady's, age. She has represented herself fo be twenty-six and a half, and lie has heard sho is forty. Cam it be so v Tlien he has misgivings aiwit lier " Ixsdaiatuire." and as tke. Same of love begins to fifeker i® ilie socket b'-axeiigious principles .assert tlisic ascendancy in his heart, or in v.iwtsoevtr posses for it in his anatomy, and he peafis .her a devout homily upon tiro wickedness of aoing to la-st Iie-r uncle, wlion>., tbe defendant honours—ab! simudi-has rccorrs-. mended her to bring an action against hi is... "Anne," says tlin-good mas,." don't do it. Christ, idon't allow His children tsvi*ateany one, farlsssJ I to go to law witb.them." for if is a remarlcakle. in oonnprrinn with "irr.liW of this Ktnv?D.. ! (facr, in connection., with people oE this stamp,, jthat they all profess.to been taken into the ; Divine counsel,.and la, ha able to interpret, the ,r Supreme will -ritli unhesSbiting certainty aud tk-ay •'ness. " Armaon,"" sa?rs Mr. Donald McD&aald;,. ; with a sligltt confusliQi of scriptural names,' "loved Tamar with a gesat love, but afterwarris lie bated her with a greater, hate than he loved bar. Now, Anne. I-helieve ihe Lord was not seeing.this right from,the begipiijig, so it could not end/' In. short, Heaven had promoted him to ji'.i, Anne Beaton;, but, as th& plaintiff observed, Donaliiiwas not Amaiou, and she-was not Tama-, and g-miiD dane Jury, incapaHE- of discerning celestial inter, position, in' the matter, awarded the. pluinisfi" suitable damages^ Less in THE. -Siish.—A letter freia-, Venus Bay to the Iforihczib Jiiyus contains tbs.following:— " Tie inhabitants of this place and JBramfich? were thaown into estate of great exciteiseai/on Snnday, May 24, on ascount of a woman fiattina lost in the bush. Mrs. Fergussou, with ber. cMidien, one tw.o. yeais of age, and the ebhar- ten mouths, living in & hut on the BramfieMi run, on Sunday, May 23t went to see rnothes wouiaa living at Uocky Valley, on the TaUa ruu. After staying some time, she left at 3 ixia, bo, return to her own hut, situated about three miles S.S.W. of Eocky Valley. But as the-country is very scrubby she lost her way. and was La the bush from 3 p ra, on Sunday till 5 p as on Monday, when site managed to get to the, Mount Wedge Station, very much exhausted, aad with only one child, having left the other hi the bush. As soon as the poor woman had made Mr. R. Love awr of this fact, he and Mr. W. Linklater invne-. diately staited is. search of the missing child; and they managed to rind it at 9 30. p.m.. lying quite stiff with cold; It is the opinion of all who saw the child that if it had not been found that night it would have died before morning, as the weather was both wet and cold. Although Mrs. Fergusson arrived at Mount AYedge Station on Monday night, her husband was iii ignorance of it until 3 a.in. on Wednesday. Great praise is due to Mr. J. Denni son, of Talia, and Mr. J. Dow, of Bramfield. Both of these gentlemen were searching for the lost woman front Monday morning till Tuesday evening, having been out all through the uight. The police were also very persevering in the search, hire. Fergusson must have travelled about 2-5 miles, although the Wedge Station is only 15 from where she got astray; but the bewildered woman appears to have gone all round the Mount, as her child was found in quite a different direction from that from which she came herself: the poor little child was picked up on the north side of the station, while its mother came in by the Capa» wanta-road, which lies south." Carriage -Accident.—On Tuesday evening an awkward accident took place at the junction of King William and Bundle-streets. At about 5 o'clock the carriage of the Treasurer was being driven down Bumlie-strcet when one of the horses managed to get his leg over the trace and com menced to kick a iolen.ly, defying all the efforts of the driver to restrain him. He was soon joined in his antics by the second horse, and the two reared, plunged, and danced about in an alarming manner. A young man named William May, in the employ of Mr. Charles Farr, seeing the danger, gallantly went to the rescue, and seizing the animals by the head clung to them, although receiving a severe wound in the hand. Mrs. Hughes and her niece, who were in the hack seat of the vehicle, were taken out of it, and the driver aiso contrived to dismount. It was sometime, however, before the horses could be pacified, and then not until they had damaged the harness and the carriage as weli. All who witnessed the occurrence agree that much more serious consequences \rere very narrowly averted. Kadika Miaiflfo CoMPAMYy—We understand that applications were received bythe *bove Com pany for 26.989 shares from: Adelajde,and 4.9H from Yorke's Peninsula, < making a total of 31,933 shares,r The number of' shares offiHedip the public by the Promoters was 4,00(V,andthesewere Plotted on Tuesday,/June 33. .The beetionsto be worked; by the Company were formerly known as < the North Wandilta, and the- faithpf the public in the remuheratiyeness of the ventufe is evidenced. ! by the great number of shares allied for. The';. Promoters distributed the shares as far as they were able amongst those whom they thought likely to hold, reducing the larger applications within very small limits. The Maclaben Wh abf, Poet]Adelaide —The South Australian Company have commenced the work of making the new frontage to the Maclaren Wharf, which,- when completed, will enable the largest vessels that can enter the Port to lie afloat at low water whilst alongside. BtTBTrr.—On Friday, June 11, at Moonta Mines, a girl three yearn old, the daughter of Mr. Jeremiah Dart, was burnt so severely that convulsions fal lowed and death resnlted. Several children/in play lit a Are in the open air near their home, and the clothing of the youngest broke into a blaze as she sit warming herself. At the inquest a verdict of accidental death was returned. Accident,—On Sunday, June ff. as Messrs. Blatchfoid and Williamson, of Watsrvale, were driving, en route for Lower Skilly, a buggy-pin fell out when tbey were near the residence of Mr. Oeo. Hicks. The horse took fright and bolted, eapsizmg the vehicle, and' thus throwing out the occupants. The horse rushed' on with the shafts, and' ulti mately parted with them, and when near the teacher's residence was captured. The gentlemen were shaken by their fall; but not seriously bust. Leotdbe ox BAT^tSTS—The author—the Rev.-J. Aabton, Bible Christian minister at Stirling East has sent us a copy of ameatly-pxinted pamphlet-of twenty-three pages with' the above title. The writer states his reasons" in-the opening page for launching this little woripand'adds that the paper was read at the annual district meeting of his denomination, and has bean1 published by request. Th® Eatb Me. Finx.—Our obituary notices contain'the name of Mr. Betfert Finn, who died at the Souftli'Bhiue onthe 3ls£-ult. Mr. Finn was a vtery old? colonist, having arrived here in the ! Resource,-ifr January, 1839. Hfe drove the vehicle which conveyed the body of thwSurveyor-General, ' Colonel Lss&S;,. to its last resting-place. Sri PAUferSAB®ATH-ScHoon?,-P6ET-fAdelaide. —On Monday evening, June 14, tbe children attending- the'Sabbath-schooIs in connection with St.* Paul's Chureh, Port Adelaidey-were entertained If their'Superintendent, Mr. T." J.' Bang, at his schoolroom.,- where he exhibited amicabar of inte resting- dissolving: views illustrative1 cf» Scripture as iveU as secular subjects. Tfce**Bev: -S. Green explained theviews to the children.* Theieachers, as well as many-" a® the parents oi-'the scholars, were-also present. A3ELMDE Hrrst'CMJE.—On Wednesday, June 16, a-meeting of the Crantniltee oi^the-Adelaide Hunt Club was heJdJafc the Globe Ina;» Present— The iSissident (Captain. Douglas). the-rMastsr (Mr. W. ltle,ckler),'Mr. B.-'Bladder, Mr. Simm»rM.P., and t&e; Honorary Secretary (Mr. Christopher). The Hon:' Secretaryliaatied in a liet-hf'thfe sub scribe^ and a list ofrtbcoe who had-^paid their subscriptions. Mr. Gv S. Price's letter read and received:' Proposed by> Mr. W. &. Sitmns;. M.P., seconded by JVIr. W. Btackie, that the Horn Secre tary address letters to* subscribers as- per draft. Carriedi-The Presideat-aninwinced thatCis Eacel lency Sir-James Fergasscn had consented11» ast as Patrsn of the Club. The Sirsmsh Navs Estimates.—Mr, in submitting the Navr -Estimates to the House oS Commons* in the courcemf a-long speeahi'-said:— Wiiik-we propose to make- iertain reductions id our foreign squadron, we sltaS carry out thOpolicy which ethass and myself'indicated on the-o&ber; side of the-House, of sending a flying squadron to visit all oar-foreign stations,, and 1 hope to-be able to send out that squadren-early in the course-oil the present soqisjg. The restdfeof sending oat'-soeh a squadron- wfll he to keep, our men much--more at. sea thaa^ditey are at preseEfc." The light h®o. gentleman-went on to say-that it was also intended to send , out some of tte> coo-itguard ships go a cruise. TSiia would afford: &-valuable opportunity for training tbe men of the reserve forces. The right horn gsajtleman tiiea gave an interesting sketch ofd-liewrogress of-tbe iron-plateil fleet, i& the course-of which be st^sedfthat it was intended to build daringthe^present.year two shipst-wftfefe ; would be-ihs- Buoscpowerfcii- ill the world.- They would fcajt-urrvt ships of ii-4C& tons, of 359'horse- j power, but. ua-puble of wcrfciagup to seven t-inara that force:. They. would fcn-.ts double screws, and: an estimated speed of Hi-luiois, carry icgJiH days' consumption- 64 coal. They would have also 4 feet 6 inches frae-beerd, with plates 10 tc iiSinehas thick oa 12 to K inaites thick on the. turrets. They woiski cany two • cruras of 25 teas*-in each turret; have crews cE -25!?i cfficers ancLtaen. and the estimated cost of each wsnuld be £236:300. They would also build asether vessel of rather less tonnage, with a revolving: tturet, carryiag jtwo suns of-dS tons, the total cost si which would be £195,0C&> jErt*raajd' Moonta Ba^-i—Proposals £a- place a jetty at. Meoatfa Bay, for.-tfeeshipmenfcof ore and receipt tof Jststfes, have sften-.been moetad, and soino*-years- ago a private, -township was- laid out there,which- has, as a stillborn city, been, equalled by few plaess in the cslbny,. .the nearest being perhaps its neighbour, the Government one of Porb-Hugli«; Now, lioossver, it is stated that the Paramatta Company arasseriausly .entertaining the idea of sbt??»ng the pradace of fbetrrnsiine there instead of at Wallaroo, from a„jetty which will be eiscted-msc®iy by theirs A considerable quantity or apods-have been disasprged at-Moonta. Bay for tie townsJbsd and the Issser mines, and in all pro bability, with greater frajlities, the bulk of imports would increase. Boslas Catholic Chhech Moonta. — 3jsliop Shiel is shortlyie-lay the feusidation-stone of a Boman Oatholia-Chapel at. Moonta. The tqader of Mr. S. Bossier,, of that town, to erect the building, has been accepted at 15s. I MisaxG Notes.—Tlte.W&lltHva-; 3?imes of June il ;is a slisposition on file part.of bath investors and specniators to encourage the dsrelopment of our undoubtedly great miaeral. riGhes. fcmce we pub-1 lisliad our last smumary four Companies have either been started- or. have sesumed operations, on the Peninsula. The Fesgtisson Prospectisg_, ; Party, consistiug mainly, of Victorian miners, | halieves that it has come- upon a valuable lode,. ! The Nortli-tast Maonta Company is costeeniue.on. a very extensive saalsr and t&will; be passingstraige f indications of copper ssngoient to warrant the investment of money, ape not come upon." Be specting the Kadiua Miuimg Company's property, it is said:—"Payable oas- being cut at ths-New. Cornwall Mine. at a considerable dept'e^ audi: the Wandilta proiuiskig to open osfc,. into a first-class ixine, reudered the North Wandilta. property mush, more valuable, as all three pro perties are contiguous., and the same lode- is sup^ posed to traverse each. Operations have been resumed at the- £»ilia Mire, a larger, boiler-is being fitted to.the es^ine, and the siivMng of Cue shaft will be proceeded with. The two.great> Cota panies—thi-M-oonta and the Wallaroo—arc raisiag, as usual, Ibhw quantities of ore,, which, ii is rumoured; will be to a considerable extent locally smelted. The- Paramatta, which raises, now 100 " tons of ere-per week, will soon have.its engine on the grcurui and its crusher ereefcedi The Wheal Hughes.is busily at -.voik at Cowling's Shaft, and is, mor-eo-ver, giving o'her poctmas of its property a trial with promisiug results. The Yaly. is raising and sending away ore; ami- at its new workings tbs- ore has been disco vered- to rim at one level considerably further than if had- previously been traced; Th& Wheal James i is busy at two shafts; so is,the Poona; and quite a number of younger Companies are steadily plodding along, it is believed, to success. 'The mineral country on the other side of the Gulf is attracting considerable attention. The gold mines of the colony give greater- prospect of permanency, gold having been found in cement; and the silver mines are favourably spoken of. Notwithstanding the depressed prices, of colonial produce in the market, the colony never before put its shoulder to the wheel with sue i a firm and determined re solve to work and win as at the preseut time. It will be recollected that three weeks ago a dis covery was made of a curse of ore running towards the office, or No. 3 shaft, from the No. 2, on tbe new workings of the Yelta Mining Company. This coarse of ore, which there seems to be every pro bability is the ore-bearing portion of the lode, has now been cut a considerable distance further on towards the office shaft, thus proving that not only does ore run further in that direction than it has hitherto been traced, but also that it runs con tinuously." Cobnish W bustling.—The Wallaroo Press repoits that wrestling for the Silver Cup at the Globe Hotel, Moonta, was renewed on Saturday afternoon in the presence of 400 or 500 spectators, the "sticklers" being Messrs. T. Stevens, B. Worth, and S. Harris. The champion, J. H. Bray, the holder of the Cup, had come off the victor in three previous contests. On Saturday his opponent was Joseph Pearce, a stalwart young fellow, who, it was thought by some, wouid prove more than a match for the champion. The winner ot the game was required to throw his opponent two out of three times. Play having commenced the first fall was quickly effected in favour of the champion, • Bray throwing his antagonist in the course of about a minute. The contest for the next fall occupied nearly an hour. Several undecisive falls were sustained by e&cb;, till at length Bray again put Pearce on the fiat of his back aud was declared the' winner amid much cheering. Bray, however, has again been chal lenged, and the competition, it -is sai-t, will be renewed in a month. Anti-Shouting.—An Anti-Shouting Associa tion was recently formed at the residence of Mr. Burgoyne, Port Augusta, when officers were lccted and laws made. About IS members' caujea were enrolled there. i «^gjgpgB|Agiri(^^ tono* been issued bytfae Secretary CAivS* Bagpt)toall itbfetitembers bfthe^atere^C®ji'^ii-: S meeting ig the Conmiittee/should be liquidated ;by>a «rtl of • £35 on each of the members W theClub, OTyabte ^ECEGHAPfflO COHfflnroATIOH^r^ .—The following: notice .was-posted .op'-^pptiddeK--. the Exchange tins morning : —^-Thpr Taemaniaii Government, having reda^ /iltelS^^rafe on telegrams to. Is..for 10 wprds,;'^nal(L each.ad ditional' word, the charge; ion-jnessages bom South Australia aot (exceeding ip words to any office in = Tasnraniais now l2s. Above 10 words the charge ' is dcL'.each additional word, arid 2$, 6 five words. Thus to Cape Schanck the charge in 6i. for 10 words, and:,3JL -eaeh additional word; cable rate.Sa. for lO words^aod 2s. 6d.eachad ditioaalfive words i Tasmarnan rate Is. for 10 woidft and Id. each additional word." .•.'. The Adelaide PottOE Couk?.—The only case that carafe before the Adelaide Police Court on ' Saturday, June 12, was a charge of'drunkenness against a man named Wm, Fors&s;, who was mulcted in ai penalty of 10s. The PowgE Coubt.—In our report ©fThmsday week's police proceedings the name of Elizabeth Yaughah occtes. We find' that the name should have been speHJ "Worn," and we mention this lest one person should receive the discredit of another's misdeeds. Olass-Blowums—Mr. Peyton lias opened'his exhibition of glass-blowing', spinning," and working in the Temperance Hell, North Adelaide, as per advertisement. Society of Arts—=Am advertisement, by the* Secretary of the Society of Ans reminds the gen' tlejnen who have beety accustomed to offer prizes" for competition at the annual exhibitions of the Society that the competition' list for this year win close on Monday, the 21s$ihstan£* Th® Civil Sittings.—The Civ3 Sittings were c'.mmenced on Tuesday before1 the Acting Chief Justice Mr. Justice Gwyrrae. Four of the causes on the lifiii were adjourned tilSfiiture Sittings, thereby I considerably reducing the rather loigg list, which ' originally contained no less- than twenty-eight causes. _ Xhsee.—Mr. James Franefe-Giles- has laid an information against Mr. J. O'D. Hennessy, the printer and publisher of tha* liitk Marp, for a statement appearing in that publication of June i Si-embodying a very grave accusation against his character and Ms sister. Miss Bfiscills,' Anna Giles, whose-name was brought prominently forward in the- recent^Convent affair. The" case- will come before; the Police Court in the- course' of a few days. - Lease or^Nosrraern TEEEiraa?> Lanbi—The Government have received a proposal from-Ms-. W. J. Browne, of Moorak, in the South-East, to- lease for 2k%-ears LO'®t@O0 acres of land»in"the:Nx>rtisern Territory without mention of terms, subjecttbright of purchase of 21,COO-acre blocks- at prices- aot named; - TheGovernment have ns other-resource than feo-decliue the offer, which, even had'they the power to entertain it, is too indefinite'to- be seriously- considered. Sitvaas—Alittleef the mining spirit has -reached Macclesfield, - and the efficient working- of a remunerative silver saine in that neighbourhood' is-, it is tbcught, far from improbable. The $ADma.MatH3fG Company.—The allotment of sharee-for thisCempany took plaoe- on Tuesday, June 15; The number to be aliottedsmcs 4,090, and the applications-about 33.000. The Promoters distributod the shares as far as they were able amongsfeStoose whom they thought likely *to- hold, reducingjtfce- iarger applications within; very smalt limits. Ice.—The--ether morning Strathalbyn had' a severe frsst,rwith iae a®veriiig the water in buckets and tubsi A nice littile fall of snow—though-not likely to eome—wouli'aow afford some amusement. The Vintage.—The Southern Argus says:— " Winemaking is commencing to form an important item in the local industry of Langhorne's Creek. There are two large vineyards there—Montura, the property of Mr. E. J. Hector, containing 36 acres, and Bleasdale, belonging to Mr. F. Potts, con taining 30 acres of vines, which are just coming into full bearing. This year the yield from these vineyards has been very satisfactory, both as regards quantity and quality. At Montura, 10,300 gallons of white wine, 4,000 gallons of red wine, and 1,000 gallons of pressings were made. At Bleasdale the vintage yielded 13,000 gallons of wine, of which about two-thirds was red and the remainder white wine. The grapes grown in both vineyards are chiefly Szyras for red, and Verdeilho for white wines." PB^NC3aALE3aD CbiiiGK—A business notice-, in to-day's" Issue describes the arrazagements-for the opening .of -this, institution on Tuesday* the 22nd. Tifece will> ho- a public breakfast- on the ground at. midday, which tiis Eseeilency has promisedto be present, and a public meeting-.- at 2 o'clock,. when- tile inaugural address will be deliverechby the itav. W. L. Binks, .President of the Conference. The A-gdis* Commission.—We baaprthati the members of the Audit Commission have mads diligeuti inuuisitioa touching the matters com mitted to their. taseS, but that they dsemitihopelfiss to expeot-being: able to thoroughly investigate tfce whole of jtba- books and accounts-in the.-depart ments-.thrown open to their inspection. They have, jt.is said;, seen ample in wkat,has- already been brought before them to found-a report upon, strongly recommendatory of an altered system of masaginginatiters. T3S«lNTJ5aSOaONIAL COSFEESSCE.—TllO- New South Wales Government have iatjmatedthafc it is the wish , oh New Zealand that tbe Confereaee of the -various Governments on matters- of inter cslonial importance should ha deferred until October.. As the Sonth Australian. Legislature will,! unless some strange spirit, falls upon its members^ be still sitting at that.date,, it will be out of the; question for this colony, to .tak» part in . tbe.Canfspence. The. Meadow Bane Mine.-.—All: the. shares in , "Thc-Msadow Bank Mining. Venture" are taken Sup, and; the applications ware in. essess of the 'jnnmtffl- proposed to be allotted. Should this -"-Yenliare" under the management of a local directorate turn out welk.it. must prove a great benefit to the neighbourhood: of Sfciathalbyn. In itba ald mining days of that,place mooey was made, i and that such time may not-now. be far distant all I residents earnestly hope-., A Disagkeexble N isht^oF; I2h.—The horrors of Soath-Eastern roads are-too vividly impressed on tie recollections of those who hsive travelled them to render description accessary, whilst an adequate , idea of what they aae like- can&ct; readily be con f veyed by words to those who are strangers. At. breakdown is there no xare oecarrence, but during^ last week one attended with,particularly aggravated circumstances took, place,. The. Thursday's mall, f .om Adelaide wse. doing tie night stages between Lacepede Bay aiid.itarracoorte, when it was overr. taken by a succession cf storms of rain, which, rendered the swampy tracks still more swampy., and the dreary prospect still more dreary. Through, some strange infatuation, one of the changing? places on this.line has recently been abolished,. so that the last team. of horses has to cover-a.stave of i(5 or 27 miles. Ou Friday night, whilst this dis tance was, being accomplished, the jaded tour-— after reasjiiag Mc Beau's. the site of tlyj abandnnsa station—turned up rusty, and objected', to complete the joainey. By dint of whipcord admonitions they were induced to go a Bilk or two onwards, but at length, aided by the darkness, they left' the track, aud quickly got enveloped ill the swamps st> thoroughly that extrication seemed impossible. Dour after hour was. spent in endea vouring to get a fresh start; but all in vain. At length the coach was lightened, and the unfortunate guard had to load two of thehoaseswith the mailhags and set off to complete the stage. For 10 miles he had to carry them thus; but,this was not the worst of it, for an unlucky pissen^SE, Mr. Charles Aubrey, of Mount Gambler, having- spent his strength iu trying to recover the coach, set out to walk, and trudged the whole distance iu mud half-way up to hiskuees. The finale was that the miil arrived six hours late, and such a limitless number of "cursory" remarks were made that they could not have failed to astonish the itoad Board members had they heard them. Even the Parliament could scarcely have remained callous and impracticable in the teeth of such an irresistibly eloquent appeal for road money as that embodied in the remarks alluded to. Among the trivial results of the away was the bursting of a mailbag, which fortunately contained nothing bnt newspapers. New Mob keab. Kapuxda.—A new copper mine is being worked in the neighbourhood of Mr. Fotheriogham's brewery, about one and a half miles from Kapunda, which seems likely to turn out well. The locality is one of tbe sections of the old Bcedy Creek Company, who, through their agent, have given every facility for developing the hidden wealth. At present a prospecting party are sinking a shaft, and those acquainted with miuing in that neighbourhood pronounce the lode already struck a good paring one. Assays of ore oh tained from a lode IS inches wide, at a depth of 9 feet, show as high as £S per c;nt, so that there is every prospect of the venture paying. Molybdexom.—A species of metaU said to be sulphate of molybdenum, is (says the WaUaroo Times) found in considerable quantities iu the new workings on the Yelta properly. In appear ance it somewhat resembles moiten lead, but is more brittle, and breaks off inflates easi'y. It is ! as bright as lead, but does- not tarnish by exposure j to the atmosphere. Commercially, we beliere it is of but little value. In mineral treatises its compo sition is given &s; 49 cf gulphur aid 60 of mqlybi I deuum. E The Late Dean Fabbell.—On Sunday morning, June 13th, at Trinity Church, His Lord ship the Bishop of Adelaide preached a discourse having special reference to the death of the late Rev. James FarrelL He took for ( his text, "Having a desire to depart and be with Christ' which is far better" (Philip. L. 23), and in the course of the sermon said:—" 1 know not how I can better engage your thoughts on this sad occasion than by dwelling on thiB subject. You lament the loss of the pastor who watched over the childhood and manhood of so many in this congre gation. and 1 of a sincere brother in tlife ministry as well as wise counsellor in the affairs of the Church. l>et us, considering his latter end, find consolation in meditating on the dignity which a calm and hnmble faith in Jesus imparts to the character of His servants in the closing scene of life. How superior are they to those whom the God of this world has blinded, lest the glorious Gospel of Christ, which is the image of God, shine into their hearts, and give them peace and joy in the hour of death. It is our happiness to fee! assured that he whom we mourn had such tranquil confidence in the merits of his Bedeeiner, and through them a sure hope of acceptance with God. Let it be our en deavour, as it was his, to follow the example of St. Paul in this matter,- that we too may attain - through grace the same happy frame of mind as distinguished the Apostle, that we may be pre pared, as he was, to meet his God, and that our last end may be like his." After enlarging upon the reasons why a departure from this life, iu the case of the devoted Christian, was to be longed for, the preacher closed with the following:—" There are events in life which beyond all doubt work together for good to them that love God. Such waB the fatal mistake by which the seeds of irremediable disease were sown in his otherwise sound constitution. It was then, during long agonies of pain, that the vanity of human wishes and worldly enjoyments came home to him with unquestionable vitality. His was too sincere a spirit not to own the tiuth and act upon the conviction. Rescued from the jaws of the grave, and permitted to recover his strength a little before he went hence, his demeanor, his life, his sermons bore the stamp of one who had gazed face to face upon eternity. With undiminished cheerfulness he was nevertheless graver in dis course, in thought, and manner-atoneof mind which frequent recurrence of severe pains, through grace patiently endured, tended to deepen and enlarge. On one of these occa sions it was permitted to a brother minister to receive from him so humble, so penitent, so calm, so firm an expression of his entire reliance on the merits of Christ as to leave no doubt whatever that in him faith and resignation to the will of God had their perfect work. In that spirit he left us with the slender hope of obtaining relief from his distressing illness; in that spirit he resigned him self to the wise Disposer of events; in that spirit he died. His work was done. Too conscientious to retain a ministry whose duties he could not fulfil had his life been spared, he would have ceased from this pastoral charge. To old and young alike it would have been a bitter parting, even aB it is now, when God has taken him to rest. And what was it that so endeared him to both, ages alike? Was it not his un affected sincerity and genial kindness of heart founded on the love of Christ ? Did not that sincerity also lend impressive weight to the words which every Lord's Day he uttered from this pulpit ? He spoke because he believed; he testified of that which he knew; and his simple manly religion commended itself to the judgment of men because it was genuine and truthfuL Firm in bis own views of Gospel doctrine he nevertheless was rolerant of others, and could appreciate men of a different school of thought if in them lie saw the love of God really shed abroad in their hearts. He made many friends; he left no enemy. Besides his duties as Colonial Chaplain, three institutions especially engaged his interest—Trinity Sunday school the foremost. Here he was never missii g, and in him both teachers and scholars alike have lost a father as well as a pastor. To his fostering care the Collegiate School owes much of its usefulness and success. From henceforth his name will be inseparable with the scholarships he has largely endowed. In the Synod he saw a true representative body of the Church, and therefore a fit institution for its ex- ; tension by the just distribution of its funds; and, : secondly, he recognised it as the proper spiritual j tribunal for the correction of offences against j doctrine. Once convinced of its usefulness he i became its stanch supporter aud one of its wisest ! councillors. Though absent from us, his sincere J and truthful spirit would unequivocally, on every ; fitting occasion, have maintained scriptural truth as well as even-handed justice. May such a spirit I ever preside over our Cnurch deliberations, and it i assuredly will if, following St. Faul, we have hearts j to desire to depart and be with Christ, which is far better." The pulpit at Ti inity was draped with ; black, and so were those of the other Anglican j Churches, where allusion was also made to the late ! Dean. The Ke'v. J. C. Woods, B. A., at the close of j his sermon on Sunday morning, at the Unitarian ; Churcli, made the subjoined reference to the late j Dean:—'• Our brcthreu of the Church of England are, I believe, engaged today in an expression of sorrow for the death of the late He v. James Farrel1. | M.A., called the Dean of Adelaide; and there I are circumstances connected with the event and the man which lead me to say a few words iu i sympathy with those who lament his decease. Mr. Farrell had and made no pretensions to being j .agreat theologian, and he was far too modest a | man to consider himself an eminent minister of ; Christ; but he was, in his later years, in winch alone j he was known to me, a very u=efui member of { society, and especially so in relation to the cause of public education. As one of the Governors of . the South Australian Institute he was always I desirous to be at his post, and liis : appearance was uniformly welcome to _ his - fellow-citizens of all denominations. He neither j possessed nor claimed the gift of oratory; but he ! had —what it is said many of his profession sadly j want—gieat common sense, remaikable shrewd ness and knowledge of the world, and—like his distinguished countryman, Oliver Goldsmith— j though not a native of Britaiu his speech was a j model of pure English. He excited an interest in I us all as one of the earliest settlers iu this country, j He loved the laud of his adoption, of which he has < given substantial proofs. He was too sensible aud ; kindly a man to be a bigot, and those who differed j most from him and his creed were willing that , in a land wiiere there was ho State Church he j should be Colonial Chaplain while he lived. , All of us will uow rejoice to forget what blemishes j lie may have had, and to cairy out in our thoughts j •and feelings towards his memory the sentiments j of an old maxim—by no means of universal appli- i ■cation—"say notiiing but good about the dead.1 | AVheu he died a right manly man passed away from ; earth, let us hope, to have his citizenship in j heaven." The Late Dean Farrell.—A muffled peal was ; rung on the Albert Bells on Saturday evening-, i June 13, as a mark of respect to the memory of j the late Dean Farrell. The peal would probably j have taken place earlier if preliminary practice had not been necessary on the part of the ringers. ) The Colonial Chaplaincy. — In accordmce j with an arrangement which has session by session j been recognised by the House o! Assembly in 1 passing an amount for Colonial Chaplain, the office j will cease with the death of the late Very Kev. j Dean Farrell, and the next Estimates will not contain ! the usual line under the head Ecclesiastical. Prior j to his departure from the colony, the Dean made j provision for a locum tcnens, and of course before j the office actually expires care will be taken to settle atl'airs connected with his position. The Peince Alfred College.—It has already been announced that the opening of the Wesieyau j College at Kent Town will take place on Tuesday, j the 22.id instant, when there wdl be a breakfast and other circumstances of celebration. The new ' edifice, now almost completed internally as well as | externally, was 0:1 Saturday last inspected by the j Hon. J. Colton, accompauied by the architect (Mr. : Garlick), one or two other gentlemen, and a few | ladies, among them Mrs. Colton, all of whom j expressed themselves highly pleased with the j convenient and commodious arrangement of (he ! building. It is sufficient for the present to say that ; beside the basement appropriated chiefly for , offices connected with the commissariat, there are ; three doors which are reached L>y means of a i central double staircase. The first above the; base- j ment contains a large schoolroom capable of acconi- , modating 150 scholars, with hat and cloak-room, ] class-room, and reception-room; on the next floor ! is a suite of excellent apartments for the President, j with others for the masters; and the top floor consists pri jcipal'.y of two suaci-ius well-ventilated ! dormitories, with other sleeping rooms for the ! masters in charge. The arrangement and plan of j the building altogether commends itself to the I visitor as being well adapted to the purposes for ' which it is built. The system of ventilation is I admirably complete, which is sio small desideratum ! iu such an establishment, au l every provision is j made by lavatoiies, bath-rooms, fie., for the health and comfort of hoarders and day scholars. Stables and other necessary outbuildings arc now in course ! of erection. j The Late Dean of Adelaide.—It would be premature to speak absolutely of the disposition of j the handsome property of the late Very Kev. James Farrell; but supposing the will executed l y him in 1859 to remain in force, it is understood that lie lias left four scholarships of- £50 per annum each to the Collegiate School of St. Peter's, Ade laide (two of them unconditionally, and two restricted to the sons of clergymen). And, further, that after making due provisiou for his widow, and assigning legacies or annuities to his relations here and iu England, he has bequeathed to the same Institution the remainder of his estite. Trinity Benevolent Association.—Lady Edith Fergusson has kindly consented to become Patronness of the Trinity Church Benevolent Association. RIagill Orphanage,—This institution is now open for the inspection of visitors. Voxtice's Peninsula Aboriginal Mission.— At the Baptist Chapel, Moonta, the quarterly com mittee meeiing of the above institution was lately held; Captain Hancock, Manager of the Moonta Miues, presiding. Mr. G. N. BirkF, of Kadina, the Secrctaiy, presented the financial report and other documents, stating the progress made at Point , Pearce. Among other turns recently received j towards the Mission was a donation of £50 from Mr. G. F. Angas and £-25 from the London Mis- j sionary Aocietv; £9, a collection at Flinders-street i Presbyterian Church. Adelaide; aad over£6, realized i by a soiree at Wallaroo Bay. Various improve ments were decided to lie eft'cte l in the ac, ommo-' dation at the Mission Station, and the suggestion was thrown out and approved to raise the stipend of that indefatigable labourer, the Kev. Mr. Kuhn. Bridge Opening.—On; Friday, June 4, the bridge lately built by the'West TorrenB District CSouncil on the road leading from the Beehive 'to the PatamlluNga Creek and Frogmore, the resi dence of Mr. W. H. Gray, J.P-,was duly opened in the presence of several members of the District Council and others. The bridge, which is a Sub stantial structure,' has 'a water way of 40 feet, and is bnilt of Oregon "pine,'with a flooring of red-gum, and does great credit to the contractor, Mr. W. H. Campbell. The ceremony of christening was per formed by Miss Gray. who. having broken a bottle of wine on the bridge, named it Eosetta Bridge, which designation is painted on each side, and she then declared it duly opened. Vehicles then passed over, and two smaller bridges lately built on the same line of road were inspected. The road in question, about two miles in length, lately made, partly by local rates and Government aid, is through a swamp, an 1 could not have been under taken for some years had not the scoop and power ful teams been used for the purpose. This line is the most direct to the beach, and when completed will be the nearest to the projected military-road. The company were invited by Mr. Gray to his residence, where an excellent luncheon was pro vided. The health of " Mr. and airs. Gray" was proposed by Mr. Dew and acknowledged. "The District Council" was proposed by Mr. Campbell, and responded to by air. C. J. Bverard, and the toasts of the contractor aud his assistants, also the Superintendent of Works (Air. Ruddock), were duly honoured. Billiard -Table for Sir James.—A contem porary reports that Messrs. Alcock & Co, of Russell-street, Melbourne, have in the course of completion a splendid billiard-table, manufactured to the order of Sir James Fergusson, Bart., the Governor of South Australia. The table is of blackwood, imported from Tasmania, and the natural engraining of the wood is of so extra ordinary a character, that the men in the estab lishment have given it the name of "thunder and lightning," from the beautiful lights and shades .which are exhibited. The table will be sent to its destination by the next boat for Adelaide.— Melbourne Telegraph. The New Mike at Kapunda.—Considerable interest has been taken in Adelaide in the new discovery, some particulars of which were given in Friday's Journal. The local paper also has the following on the subject:—"The attention of some practical miners has lately been directed to a section formerly belonging to the Australian Mining Company, as presenting every appearance of containing a good mine. The sections in question had been tried in places by the Company, who eventually sold the property to Mr. James White, reserving, however, the mineral rights. This particular section is now held by Mr. Fotheringhani on a lease with right of purchase, and on it has been discovered a very flue lode at the surface. A pit has been sunk six feet deep, and the lode so far continues to improve. A number of the tradesmen of Kapunda have sub scribed the necessary capital to test the lode, with a view to ©braining a lease should the result be favourable. We have seen some gool specimens of oxides and carbonates from the lode, one of which assayed by Mr. J. Rowe gave a return of 36 per cent.-for copper. A secoud sample, from stuff deemed almost worthless, gave a return of 16 per cent." Goods A genct.—Messrs. Darton & Co. an nounce their intention of availing themselves of the facilities offered by the new railway tariff to extend their connection along the lines. The mediation of such spirited agents ought to be an advantage both to the public and to the railways It will help to ensure a fair trial to the new system. Messrs. Darton & C-o.'s prospectus appears in our usiness columns. The Railway Goods Traffic.—On Saturday afternoon Mr. J. Rounsevell ceased to be the Railway Goods contractor, and that Gffice was abolished. The Government only guarantee haulage on the line itself, leaving the task of con veyance of the goods from various stations to the convenience and at the risk of their customers, who will, no.doubt, have opportunities, however, for arranging for the carriage of the goods with private carriers. We understand that a large pro portion of the employes of Mr. Rounsevell, in carry ing out his goods contract, will be retained in the service of the Government at the railway. The Commissioner of Public Works was busily engaged during the greater part of Saturday in taking over the plant, and the same atternoon the release was signed by Mr, John Rounsevell, on receipt of a cheque for the amount agreed upon. Copper Mining Notes.—At the Moonta Mine matters are progressing much as usual. The crushing and hauling machinery in Richman's new engine-house is being fixed with ail expedi tion, and will shortly commence operations. The newly discovered lode to the eastward of Buchan's Shaft is yielding grey ore of good quality. The shaft is down about 14 fathoms, and the widih of the lode is two feet. In Fergusson's Shaft sinki-g has been commenced below the 14-fathom level, and drives are being extended north aud south. ; At Prince Alfred Shaft drives are extending in I order to communicate with Fergusson's Shaft.— The Kurilla Mine near Kadina is about to lesume working, preparatory to which the engine is to be replaced by the tubular engine at the Duryea. It is confidently anticipated that this property will even tually remunerate the adventurers for their enter prise.—Operations at the Wheal James are pushed forward vigorously, and the prospect of success in the new shaft are as favourable as possib'e. Sink ing has been prosecuted to a depth of eight fathoms in proximity to a fine course of ore. Another important mineral discovery is stated to have been made in the Franklin Habour district, and a party of gentlemen from Moonta intend visiting in the course of a few days the locality of the asserted fiud.—At the Poona a complement of nine men have been engaged in sinking a sh -.it 7 by 4, and on Tuesday last some nice pieces of green carbonate were found at a depth of nine fathoms. They evidently form part of a champion lode, and great hopes are entertained of its turning out well. —At the Euko'men have been engaged timbering up the shaft. The lode is about two and a half feet wide, composed principally of steatue and gossan, carrying a little black ore. Payable quan tities of ore, however, are not expected until a greater depth has been reached.—The North-East Moonta are carrying out' their prospecting opera tions with vigour, and, it is said, with encouraging prospects. Ualwood, the costeening contractor, lias between 20 and 30 men employed searching for copper, and 50 additional men are expected to arrive in the course of a day or two to aid in the search. In two of the costeening pits gossan has been found, together with other favourable indica tions.—1 he Moonta Prospectiug Company are en gaged in following up a large course of spar 50 feet wide thickly impregnated with mundic, and con taining a few specks of copper, forming, in the captain's opinion, a large cross course. — The Kadina Mining Company appeals to be regarded with much favour by the mining public, and it is said that applications for shares have been sent in for an excess of the number to be distributed.—A rumour has been current duiing the past few days to the effect that several miners had been dis charged from the Wallaroo Mines in consequence of there being insufficient employment for iheru. On enquiry at head-quarters we learii that the report is altogether untrue; so far fiom there being a scarcity of employment at the mine, the case is quite the reverse, skilled miners being in demand to the number of some scores.—A Company of miners called the Fergusson Prospecting Company, has been for some time at work quietly costeening oil some sections taken out to the south east of the Moonta Miue. The men have this week come upou a lode that tliey believe will pro7e to be of value. A portion of the stone taken from it is under the hands of the assayer, whose report it was expected would be received this day.— Wallaroo Times. June 12. Trade ox Yorke's Pexixsdla.—The local Press remarks that " the fluctuations of trade on the Peninsula are somewhat remarkable. Two months ago Moonta resembled a go-ahead Yankee city, and all was stir, bustle, and activity amongst the inhabitants. During the past fortnight, for no assigned cause, trade has been verging on stagna tion. Even the Kangaroo, steamer, trading to Wallaroo, lias felt the dillerence, and has brought not above half her usual amount of cargo. A ot witbstanding, there are as many men employed as usual; mining enterprise was never more buoyant; but for all this things are quiet. Probably the period of quietude may only be what men call a coincidence, aud as there is no assignable cause for it, it may soon pass away. We believe that at Wallaroo there are few, if any, men un employed." Welc ime to Mr. Johx Roberts.—A meeting of an interesting character was held on Friday evening iu Air. Caterer's schoolroom, Norwood. The Deacons of Clayton Church had issued invita tions to the members to attend a social gathering to welcome Air. John - Roberts, of Alelbourne, for many years resident in Kensington, and a Deacon of Clayton Church, who is now on a visit to this colony. The invitation was heartily responded to, and a large number assembled. After the discus sion of the good things provided, resolutions expressive of the high estimate in which Mr. Roberts was held, and acknowledging the valuable and substantial support which lit had rendered to the cause of Christ generally, but specially to the cause at Clayton Church, were moved and carried unanimously, The Deacons and several other gentlemen addressed the meeting. Air. Roberts having replied in a feeling manner, a presentation of a liandsomely-bound volume, accompanied by an address, was made by some young men who were members of a Bible Class which Mr. Roberts conducted seven or eiclityears ago. A11 the young men who were connected with t -at Class, with only one exception, are now members of the Christian Church and engaged in Christian work—a fact which must be very gratifying to Mr." Roberts. Recitations, readings, and songs filled up the re mainder of a most enjoyable evening. Kitchex Gardening at SIooxta.—It is said that the soil of the sandhill situated at the back of the Moonta Township (not Pasquins Bald HiU) will grow almost any vegetable product luxuriantly notwithstanding the limestone which is found there within a few inches of the surface, as on many other large tracts of laud on the Peninsula. To judge from some of the small gardens situated on this sandhill this assertion ;s born out by facts. There are crops of peas to be seen, both in ood and flowering.: excellent crops of potatoes <eadr to he dug; cauliflowers ready to be cut; cabbages in abundance; besides lettuces, radishes, and o*.her tmi'.l products of the garden.—Wallaroo Times. Theatre Soul^So after »U it : is the weather which has been to blame for the very .poor houses there have recently been at the Boyal. How that it has begun to improve the show of-theatre-goers follows suit, On Friday there was such a genuine. crowd as entitles -us to speak, again of ;grand 'fashionable bights. Mr. Musgrave, for 'whose benefit it had been got sjt is an attraction in Mm-' self—a versatile, original and moist careful actor, individualizing everything he undertakes. "The. Octoroon," which was made the principal part of the entertainment, is another irresistible attraction. It appealed to the public on this occasion with special force, never having before been produced in the sew Theatre. The delay is somewhat singular, for we never remember seeing it played to a bad house, and many is the bumper it has drawn in the times of Jefferson and Hall. The new management have been singularly chary of tbe Boucicault drama—possibly from a prudent regard to questions of copyright with Mr. Coppin.. "The Octoroon" on its first performance has proved a valuable addition to their repertoire, and should en courage them to venture alittle further on the track of sensationalized history. The company is fairly adapted for it. Though it cannot make many very strong points, it bungles none, and tbe. general effect it produces is respectable. Yesterday " The Octoroon" had more than one drawback of a first representation. It went heavily, and wore an air of uncertainty, as if everybody was feeling his way more or less. All bad their parts well prepared, but they had not fitted themselves so thoroughly into the Yankee style as actors practised in such characters naturally do. Mr. Lawrence's Salem Scudder would have been excellent had there been no classical Salem to whom we all unconsciously refer for a model. It had not the Jeffersonian flavour, but it was as . good as it could possibly be without that. Mr. Musgrave made Uncle Fete the most prominent character in the c-ist, overshadowing even Salem and Zoe. It was a rare old nigger, brimming over with Ethiopian humour and self-importance. It was Sambo with his widest grin, his shiniest < ebony, his broadest guffaw, and his most tender heart. It was the "coloured brother" that Eng lishmen are supposed to love best; tbe faithful old slave who has been brought up on a planta tion, and hopes to die upon it; who adores bis master, bullies his fellow-slaves, and despises all the rest of the world. The Bed Indian VVahnotee was taken in hand by Mr. Bellair him self, and, strange to say, it was not overdone in any single particular. W e have seen much more gesticulation wasted on the wild son of nature, aud more strain put upon his lungs. In the death hunt of McCloskey great agility was displayed, and the scalping was scientifically done. Mr. Strectonas McCloskey, and Mr. Beeves as Captain Eatts, aped Cousin Jonathan the mo t success fully of all. Both parts were effectively played. On the female side there was almost uniform merit. Miss Junoas Zoe, Miss George asDora, and Mrs. Stoneham as Mrs. Peyton made a creditable display of their respective styles, all of which have been sufficiently analyzed before. The scenery was not much out of the ordinary course, the only novelty being Captain Katts' steamer at the wharf. In the burning scene the mechanical effects were, as usual, a little disjointed. They are the weakest part of the management, and afford least pleasure to the public. Happily there is much on the other side to compensate for them, aud people have learned to be tolerant. On Friday they were em phatically appreciative, and applauded not only warmly, but with discretion. Another Mining Venture. — We understand a new Company has been formed, called tbe " Augusta Mining Company," for working some property supposed to contain copper lodes near to the Prince Alfred, east of Port Augusta. The 2,000 shares offered to the public out of 3,509, the remainder being reserved to the promoters, were, we are informed, all taken up the same day as they were offered. Provincial Gas Company.—The gasholder is ! now ready at Gawler, and pipe-laying has been commenced there. Juvenile Missionary Meeting.—A meeting of Sunday scholars and other, young people in terested in the Missiona'y cause took place at the Stow Congregational Church. Flinders-street, on Friday, June II, is connection with the London Missionary Society. There was a moderate at tendance, including several Sunday-schools of different denominations. The Eev. F. W. Cox presided, and after the Missionary hymn, "From Greenland's Icy Mountains," had been sung, he briefly offered prayer. The Eev. J. P. Sunderland, the Agent of the London Missionary Society, after another hymn, commenced his address descriptive of the work of the London Missionary Society. He first shortly referred to the origin of the Society, and then passed on to notice the work being earned on in the various South Sea Islands, inter.-persiug his narrative with a number of entertaining anecdotes concerning the life and character of the difiereut islanders. The reverend gentleman succeeded by his pleasing manner in keeping the close attention of his young audience during the course of his address, which he concluded by-appealing to them to assist the Mission work by their prayers and by their contributions. A collection was theu made on behalf of the Society's funds, and amounted to £1 12s. Id. The new Missionary ship, which arrived in Sydney in March last, is now on a voyage among the islands, and her return is expected about Christinas time. It may be intersstiug to note that there are now three Missionary vessels employed in the South Seas—the John Wesley, the Dayspriug, and the John Williams. The Proposed Kadina Mining Company.— We understand 22,000 shares have been applied for in this Company in Adelaide, exclusive of applications received at Wallaroo. There are only 4.001 shares to bs allotted. Bezique.—A fair correspondent sends the fol lowing answer to the que.-tion or "A Bashful Irishman":—"I noticed the following explanation of bezique in last mail's Queen.-—"It seems this word ought to be written bazique, as it is of Italian origin. The Italian bazzica has the meauing of conversation, and has long been the name of a game of cards, which an oid edition of Nardieu's Dictionary suggests may be the same as the gile, or the trente-uu of the French.'" Northern Territory Specimens . — Mr. Goyder's despatch published on the at rival of the Gulnare, stated that the naturalist of the Survey Expedition had made another botanical collection as well as secured a number of in teresting specimens of objects in natural histoiy. These in a number of packed cases, seut by Mr. Schullze and bis sod, have now reached the Botanic Garden and the Institute Museum, where the Director and Curator respectively of these institu tions are busily engaged arranging the consigu mcnts. One of the most prominent objects is a bark canoe,'2 feet 9 wide by 21 long, made oat of one sheet, very neatly shaped and constructed, and ready, though not likely to be used on the Torrens wheu the next dam is erected. Two boxes of coral will attract attention, but here there is nothing very striking. In addition to a number of tropical orchids, the Doctor has received as a substantial addition to his department dried specimens of the leaves of 254 different classes of plants, the distinct samples being iu excess of 4,000. The ceaseless care and unfl igging diligence necessary in preparing these for transit few will understand who have not, as amateurs < r professionals, made a similar attempt in the moist heat of the tropic zones, where nature wiih won drous profusion scatters round the lover of research into her mysteries, never-ending beauties, but tantalizes liira in his assiduous attentions by anou : scorching or rendering humid, and therefore worthless, the treasures which night and day lie has gathered from her stores. To complete the contents of five or six cases which have come to hand, there is an assortment of seeds iu great variety. Air. Schultze and his son must have laboured incessantly; and, in addition to posses sing rare tact for their work, are proving the possession of a large share of that enthusiasm i in their vocation which makes men laugh at diffi culties, and call the phrase "impossible'" a "blockhead of a word." Mr. Waterhouse has hardly had time enough to unfold his collection, and the limited space at his command renders economy in room highly necessaiy. No doubt he will, however, ere long be glad to show the additions to the Museum to those who are interested in the feathered dwelleis in the Northern Territory, or desirous of increasing their stock of knowledge as to its insects, including those sandflies and mosquiios which appear to have frightened some members of this Expedition as much as their fellows did South Australian pioneers. Among the stuffed birds we learn there aie some gorgeous representatives tf the parrot tribes, mostly small, and few, if any, unknown to other portions of Australasia. In pigeons there are, too, sorts that wtil set all the small boys and bird- i fanciers dreaming Something like 120 distinct ! samples of the feathered race. 500 specimens of interest to couchologists, and nearly 1,000 insects of all sizes, shapes, and hues, have been obtained, and will be on view when sorted out and cased; these are in addition to the previous instalment received per the Moonta. Sheep Crossing the Boeder —On Saturday J morning, June 5. a deputation waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands at Macdonald's Hotel, Narracoorte, and presented a memorial, praying for the removal of the prohibition on sheep passing from Victoria into South Australia, on the ground of its being a serious inconvenience to the settlers. The memorial bore the signatures of a number of influential squatters, and the prayer was supported by the deputation. The Commissioner spoke encouragingly with regard to the object sought, but advised that a more nume rously signed petition should bedispatchedtotfce office in Adelaide. Gl be Hotel Company.—Up to Thursday night over 6,1C0 shares in this projected Company had been applied for. Many of those who' have sought to obtain a large interest are, judging from their position, doing so for the sake of investing rather than jobbing. , , , A Mining Boll.—Mr. S. Bobmson, of Maccles field, sent to an Adelaide assayer, with an ex cessively short name composed of vowels, a sample from that locality to be tested. The following laconic reply was returned:—"I have carefully examined the sample of ore you sent, and the result is niL" Melancholy Case.—Recently at Kapunda a Mr. Byan died from the effects of a thigh wound accidentally received. He left a widow with seven oreiffit children, all young, and now the mother has gone out of her mind, leaving the family in a sad condition. . The Post Branch of sbb Sayings BankI— Mr. John NeilLwho, faasfoa the past four «r five years occupied the position ef local accountant at the Port Branch of the Savings Bank, has tendered bis resignation, owing'to the dutieB of 5the effice" regfiirinK-jnote time than heeould devote to them without detriment to his other engagements. ' We beKevethaS it is not intended to -continue the braneh; as at present conducted; bat to comhibe ifc with the Telegraph Department, as in other .parts oi the colony. The Trustees baye. voted Aft. Neill a handsome acknowledgment for his past services*.*. The hi(withers Territory:—Although many esbractb%ave already appeared in the Register from private1 letters, sent by members oi the Northern Territory expedition, we insert the following, , furnished to a country paper, as there are some . special items of interest in it"This harbour is without exaggeration, one of the finest in the world. At a rough guess' I should say it is about 10 miles by six across, and it has several man grove islands in it It is completely landlocked, and has good anchorage in about six fathopis.a quarter of a mile from the shore. .Since starting from Adelaide we have lost five horses and two bullocks. Mr. Goyder did not intend sending out any of the parties before the arrival of the schooner, but got tired of waiting, and Messrs. McLachlan, Daly, McMinn, and E. AL Smith were sent with their parties to this place XEast Arm), which here is more like a fine river, and a little higher the water is fresh at low tide. Our camp is about 16 or 17 miles from the main camp by water, and about 40 by laud. .Messrs. Mitchell, Knuckey, Woods, and Thomas are. working to wards us from the main camp, surveying road and sections on each side, which they will continue on to Fred's Pass. We have surveyed a township here, and commenced road and sections. Messrs. A. EL Smith, Mills, Harvey, and King, have gone to the South Arm. where they will survey another township and sections. The raining season may now be said to be quite over. Of course I have not yet been much about the country, but from what I have seen and heard from competent authorities I have formed the opiniou that the country is very well6uited for cattle and horses, which seem to thrive and do well here, but sheep would not answer at all for many reasons. There are con siderable patches of freshwater swamps, which would grow rice and other tropical productions, while furrher inland there is a large tract of country, I hear, suited for the cultivation of the sugarcane. The whole of the country I have yet seen is flat and wooded, hut not thickly so, timber being generally of larger class and much greater variety than in South Australia. The grass grows luxuriantly about three or four feet high, but in many places it reaches a height of T2 or 14 feet, so that you cannot see a man on horseback until he gets close to you. Mr. Mitchell tells me there are some finepiaius towards the Adelaide Uiver. They seem inclined to work the meu, I think, rather too hard considering the climate. Alauy of the best men have knocked up, and Mitchell is compelled to stop work for want of hands. I am thankful to say that as yet I stand the woik very well, although I have every descrip tion of hard work to do. The mosquitoes and sandflies are frightful."' River News.—The steamer Bogan passed Blanchetown on Weduesday from the Darling with 1,000 bales wool, and our local correspondent re marks " There is not a prettier sight in the colo nies than one of these wool traders steaming down with her wool stacked six or seven tier high around her. News from the Upper Darling makes it very doubtful if that portion of the river will be navi gable much longer. Steamers seem to be detained in South Australia days when hours ought to do tire work; and golden hours they truly are that are wasted by these delays." Map of Mount Gahbier.—The Standard says that His Excellency during his visit accepted from Mr. John Barrcw, C.E., a proof lithograph map of the town, on which was delineated the heights of the several prominent features of the neighbour hood, with general information. Talisker Mining Company.—The shareholders of this Company have resolved upon increasing the capital from £30,000 to £40,000 by the issue of 10,000 shares of £4each in place of the3,OOOsliaresof £10, now held by the Company, as set fonh in the resolution bslow. A special general meeting of the shareholders was held on Monday, June 14, at the office of the Company, No. 9, Hindley- strest—Mr. Lavington Glyde in the chair —to consider a proposition to alter the constitution of the Company to that extent. It appeared from the documents read by the Chairman and by Mr. A. Abrahams, the Secretary, that a correspon dence had been carried on for some time past between the Secretary and Mr. T. S. Atkins, of the firm of Atkins <x Co., London, upon the sub ject, which, through soma misunderstanding, had rather delayed than otherwise the proposal to increase the capital. The Secretary, in his letter to Mr. Atkins, informed him of such proposal, and requested him to take the necessary preliminary steps for the disposal of a portion of the shares in the London market. To this Mr. Atkins replied that he cjuld not do so without a power of attor ney authorizing the issue of siiaies. The Secretary then wroie again, stating that the Company had no authority to issue new shares without an alteration of the deed of settlement, but that it was intended to make such necessary alteration as soon as the Directors were assured of the probability that the new shares would be taken up; also, that it was proposed to issue one-half of the new shares iu London and the O'her half in the colony. This anangemeut appears to have been considered satisfactory by Mr. Atkins, who accordingly intimated his intention to issue a prospectus in London, and who expressed his belief tbat the shares would be easily disposed of. The shareholders preseut at the meeting ou Monday were unanimous in opinion that the workings at the mine will be remunerative as soon as opportunities have been given for extended opera tions by means of increased capital. The Company hold a lease of 237 acres of land situated near Cape Jervis. The engine-shaft has been carried down 5S fathoms, and a sufficient quantity of silver-lead ore is being ra:sed from the levels to pay the current working expenses, less the interest accruing upon the debentures, &c.; The Secretary, who returned on Monday morning from an inspection of the mine, reported that the buildings, plant, and machinery were all substantial and in good order, and tbat the workings were generally promising and satisfactory. The following resolu tion was proposed by Mr. J, Ferryman, and seconded by ULr. J. Darwent:—" That an alteration be made in the constitution of the Company by substituting for the present capital (of £30,01)0) a capital of £40,000 for the present number of shares (3.0 0), the number of 10,000 for the present amount of each share t£I0), the amount of £4 for allotting to the present members two new shares (£2 10s. paid up) for each one share now held by them on pay ment by each such member upou each such new share of a deposit of 10s. per share, and for from time to time offering the remaining 4.1,00 shares to the present members and the public, the capital thereon to be paid as follows£2 10s. per share on allotment, and the balance of unpaid capital on the whole 10,000 shares to be paid in calls of not more than 5s. per share, at intervals of not less than three calendar months between each call after the first; and for making the qualification of the D'rectors 50 shares iu the Company as so reconsti tuted as aforesaid." This was unanimously carried. It was also resolved, on the motion of Mr. Griffiths, seconded b/ Mr. Schlank— "That the Chairman be appointed to execute a supplemental deed of settle ment for the purposes aforesaid." A draft pro spectus having been read at d approved of by the siiateholders present, it was resolved, cu the motion of Mr. Evaus, seconded by Air. lireakell— " That the meeting approves of the proposal of the Directors to advertise the prospectus iu the papers, otiering 2 OtfO shares in the colony." The proceedings were closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Mining Accident.—The local Press reports that on Wednesday last, au accident occurred at the Wallaroo Mines, by which a boy named Drew received serious injury. He was employed driving a truck from one of the. shafts when by some means his head came in contact with a portion of the ironwork of the truck. Dr. Croft was soon iu attendance, but he is supposed to be in a precarious state. Blue Lake Accident.—On Wednesday some boys were playing at the edge of the Blue Lake, near Mount Gambier, when one, in sending a dog into it, unfortunately pitched in a little fellow, who at once sank, but on coming again to the surface he was rescued. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Ade'aide during the week ended Saturday, the 12th of June, were: —Births. 25 males, 30 femiles; deaths—14 males, 0 females. Total, 55 births, 20 deaths, iixcess of births, 35. The CoiiiiEBCiAL Club.—We understand that the South Australian Coinmercia Club, which is composed of trades' assistants, now numbers about SO members in addition to 20 honorary members, consisting of employers, &c.;, and the funds in hand, including donations and receipts from other sources, amount to about £110. It was hoped that the late entertainment in White's ltoom would have yielded a handsome surplus, but the deterring effect of the weather on the atten dance caused it to be less profitable that was anti cipated. We believe negotiations are in progress to secure the building in King William-street known as the Gymnasium for the use of the Club. National Building Societt.—The thirteenth half-yearly meeting of the above Society was held on Wednesday. June 9; Mr. G. Smith in the chair. Nine shares were sold, at a premium of £S each. The balance-sheet for the half-year was presented, showing a profit of Is. 4d. in the pouud, which was alloted in the shape of premiums vary ing from 7s. on shares six months old to £4 4s. for shares six years old. The number of invested shares on the 10th of May, lf(H was 8' 9 invested and 472 borrowed; the value of securities held by the Society, £41,478; amount due on the same, £27,597; average premium for the thirteenth half year, £7 4s. 7d. Messrs. 3VL Walsh and W.Holland were re- elected Directors, aul a special vote of thanks to the Trustees, Directors, and Secretary (Mr. Oawthorue) closed the meeting. Kapunda Athletic Club.— Heferring to pre vious business notices, we have to remind those interested in athletics that the holiday having been changed to Tuesday, June 22. the matches'at Kapunda will take place on that date, and entries are receivable till the evening of Tuesday, June 15. King Thakombau's Obgan.—There is a proba bility that the plant of the defunct Melbourne Evening Star will be shipped to Fiji, in order to print a Governmen Gazette for His Majesty King Thakombau. , 3R&E; NOBTHBBN TffitBirOByCbuPltl^, JjhitedI ,. It—At'a recent meetiug of the Directors of thie ' Northern Territory Company the following were appointed Directors:—Mr. .William Peabodtfre electedXMessre.Archibaldjaffrey, Henry Ey mill, hand Joliii Hart, Mr. . Samuel TomkissoQ being I ChahmaiL At an 'adjourned meeting, iield> on the 10th instant, a resolution) was passed to the effect, that the lan d-bwlers he disposed of by publieauction, and the Company dissolved. We., are informed that steps have already been taken to cany tins into force, and that .Messrs. Green & rWadham,, '■ have been entrusted with the duty of potting the : orders up. The sale wilt be announced by adver i tisement in the ordinary way. The Noethbbn Tebkitoey.—So-happy has the : news from the Northern Territory made seme of 1 the land-order holders and their friends, that one : gentleman, who took rather: a prominent .part on the dissatisfied side, now writes to ub in the fol lowing merry strain, under the ..signature of "■Jick!ing"s.Ghost"" The prevailing, passionate, all-absorbing, and ruling idea in the new settle ment at the Northern Territory seems to be— 'Bating a Christmas dinner in Adelaide.' This dinner business was talked about before the party ' started from Adelaide; but the notion has spread to a ludicrous and alarming extent. All the letters contain some allusion to it; in fact, in the absence of more exciting topics, this one subject has come pre-eminently to the foreground." . Engine fob the Poet Wakefield Line.—Only one tender has been received by the Government for the construction of a light engine for the Port Wakefield Railway. It emanates from a local contractor, and the price is said to be about double that at which an engine could be obtained in Queensland. It is worthy of mention that the advertisement calling for tenders was confined to the Government organ. ROSEWORTHY AMD FORRESTERS RAILWAY.—We believe it has been decided to postpone the cere mony connected with the formal opening of this line to the first week in July. The Goods Traffic.—It is now positively stated on the best authority that Messrs. O. K. Darton & Co. have purchased by valuation the whole of the extensive plant of Mr. John Rounse veU. The projected South Australian Carrying Company will, we are informed, now lapse. Mr. W. Townsend acte as valuator for Mr. Rounsevell, and Mr. S. Barnard for Messrs. Barton & Co. The Railway Goods Tab'FF.—Messrs. Neales and Boucaut, members for the district, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works this morning, and presented the memorial adopted at a public meeting held at the Burra on June 7 with reference to the proposed railway tariff. In reply to the deputation, the Commissioner pointed out, and the members agreed, that the amended tariff published in that day's papers met most of their objections. He also assured them that it was the desire of the Executive to make the tariff as perfect as possible, and if weak points were found they would be immediately remedied. WrBE Tramways.—The following appears as an advertisement in a newspaper received hy the last mail:—"Wire tramways are applicable to the transport of minerals, agricultural produce, and merchandise. Costless than apy other road or way (commencing at £150 per mile), and can he carried over any country without more engineering work than a telegraph line. They are suited for branch goods lines in new countries. The working cost is not one-third that of common roads. Three miles can be seen in operation. Apply," &c.; Railway Traffic.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended Satur day, June 5, was: —Port Line — Passengers, 4,692; fares, £196 6s. lOd.; goods, £24615s.; North Line—Passengers. 1,531: fares, £321 13s.; goods, £592 16s. 8d. Total. £1,357 lis. 6d. Imprisonment foe Debt. — The English Government Bill for the abolition of imprison ment for debt, complementary to the New Bank ruptcy Consolidation Bill, has been issued. With certain exceptions it abolishes all arrest or im prisonment for making default in payment cf a sum of money. The exceptions are as follow:— Default in payment of a penalty, or any sum re coverable summarily, of any sum under a trust, of any moneys due under a judicial order by attorneys, solicitors, or others. The power of the County Court Judges to commit for small debts is reserved. Bankrupts may also be arrested if about to quit England. All persons iu custody are to be discharged on the passing of the Act, but the property of debtors may be sequestrated just as if they were arrested. The second part of the Bill provides for the punishment of fraudulent debtors for withholding any information or property from creditors, falsifying accounts, obtaining goods on credit within four months of bankruptcy, pawning, mortgaging, or otherwise disposing of goods, to the injury of creditors, &c.; 'i he punishment for these offences is fixed at a maximum of two years' im prisonment, with or without hard labour. For absconding witli properly, penal servitude for not more than five years; false claim, &c..; imprison ment for a year. Any Court exercising j urisdiction in bankruptcy may order a trustee to prosecute or the papers to be laid before the Attorney-General, and in such a cise the expenses of prosecution will be allowed as in cases of felony. The Bill is en dorsed by the Attorney-General, the Solicitor General, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The Jcpitee and Ophir Gold Claims.—The Superintendent of the above claims, situated at Jupiter Creek, reports having opened another lode in the Ophir, aud that in the Jupiter he is getting porphyry in the one lode, and ironstone bearing gold iu the other. He intends sinking duriDg the present week, and bringing samples to Adelaide next week. The PotOSI.—Reports from this mine show that satisfactory progress is being made with the erec tion of the machinery. The winzi at the mouth of Bariy's tunnel is now down 30 feet, proving the lode all the way, and a further contract has been taken for sinking a-i additional 26 feet. The Directors contemplate visiting the mine on Tues day week, when, it is hoped, the machinery will be quite ready for starting. Mount Gambier Hospital.—This institution was, it appears, becoming inconveniently crowded, owing partly or mainly to the presence there of patients who were able, aud in most cases willing, to pay for medical attendance. The Colonial Surgeon lias now written with the Chief Secre tary's authority, stating that admission except in extreme cases is only to ha granted to the sick poor. Cave Discovery.—Boats were placed on the Blue Lake, Mount Gambier, in anticipation of the Governor's party desiring a row or sail on its waters, and an easy path was made down the sides. When the men were employed taking back the boats they found a large fissure in the rocks, which, on being examined, proved to be the entrance to a large cave not previously known. The aperture was explored for 21 to 30 yards, but having no lights the workmen were compelled for the time to dis continue further search. Smelting.—It is rumoured upon what appears to be good authority, that some important changes will take place at the Smelting Works. It is said that the furnaces will shortly 1)3 allowed to go out preparatory to a general stock- taking, after which nearly if not all of the furnaces at the works will be lighted.—Wallaroo Times. Government Tenders.—The following tenders have been accepted in the departments specified:— Marine Board Department—Discharging silt from No. 2 dredge, did. to !Hd. per ton according to locality, J. Ramsey; transporting pontoons from. No. 1 dredge, Is. 5d. per ton, C. Lange; Semaphore boat service (for three years), £90 per annum, and £110s. per day extra work, R. Jagoe; supply of iron castings, 14s. 6d.; do. brass, Is. did., R. Ellis. Engineer - in - Chief's Department — Erection of station buildings fioseworthy and Forresters Railway. £760, VV. Nicholson. Architect's Depart- ! raent—Additions and repairs to Victor Harbour j Police Station. £152 5s., \V. Kdwards. Anxious for Notoriety. — A woman who attended Mr. Beddome's levee at the Police Court on Tuesday morning assigned as her reason for being there to contribute 5s. to the revenue, that she "got tipsy hi order to .be brought up and get her name into the papers, so that it would go all through the country." As it is a practice of the Press not to mention the names of inebriates who appear for the first time, she has failed in her en deavour, and will require to "get tipsy" once more before her singular wish can he gratified. Possibly tills old lady is a lineal descendant of Herostratus the Ephesian, who set fire to. the temple of Diana at Ephesus, on the same night that Alexander the Great was born, and who, under torture, confessed ■- that he did it to immortalize himself. The Reedy Creek Mine.—The last report from* the captain states that abcut 2S0 tons of Id per cent, ore has been raised, and that arrangements have now been completed so far that there will be no difficulty in bringing to grass some 350 tons a month Mr. Miohie the Victorian Barrister.—An application was made to the Court by Sir. Ingleby this morning, acting on behalf of Mr. H. L. Galbraith, for the admission of Mr. A. Michie, of Melbourne, to appear in the case of Galbraith v. Hughes. The app ication was based on an order of the Court in 1861 that he be admitted on pre senting himself, and taking the usual oaths. This, however, had never been drawn up, and the Court was of opinion that, not having been acted upon at the time,it was not available aftersuch alapse of time. Both the Judges also expressed their dissent from the decision then arrived at. though Mr. Justice Gwynne concurred with it at the time, and their disinclination to favour any relaxation of the short rules of admission in favour of Mr. Michie unless there were some general reciprocity of action among the colonies in reference to the "inter change of legal talent.'' Their Honors referred to the recent Intercolonial Commercial Conference at Sydney, and suggested that the principle of free trade ought be extended to the commodity above alluded to, in which case they would he happy to see gentlemen of eminence from Victoria aud elsewhere practising before them. ChambEb of MurarACTUB$s.—The promoters of the Chamber of Manufactures have succeeded in obtaiuing about 5» members. It isprobable that steps will be takes at an early date to more thoroughly organizeibe Cbamberon its intended basis, sothat it oan.lpe made'Weab^tveits sends; with as little delay aa possible. 1 ; - ^ The E/mlwat Goods Traffic.^ Under the '.new regime the goods department at the Adelaide. Railway Station presented anappearance of morel ■than usual bustle and "activity on Mondays Jime 35-the inauguration nf the new.system:of the Government to undertake ban-age onttife line only and leave the conveyance of gopdsfromthe various stations to private axrangement caUing forth a good .deal of; competition on the part of rival' earners. Brisk competition will no doubt be pub- , licly beneficial in the way of a reduction in carrying : rates. ^' 1 he South Australian Garryin g Company" and Messrs. Dartob &c; Co. monopolized the chief ] business, .and the tendency of the system is likely, we understand, to concentrate the .maximum work among the largest carrying' firms, though.it isT of course, open to the public generally to arrange for the carriage of goods in any way that is thought most desirable.- Most of the labour employed under Mr. Rouusevell has been absorbed by the,; Carrying Company. The staff to be. employed. under the Commissioner of Railways in the'1 goods department at the Adelaide Station, will-consist of the following gentlemenMr. J. B. Hack, who, dnring the currency-of Mr. H. Hill's contract and the early portion of Mr. Kotmsevell's J filled an important post in the same department, is appointed accountant and collector for all the goods dispersed over the various stations; Mr. J. ■ W. Bussell, late corresponding clerk in the office of ; the Engineer-in-Chief, is bookkeeper; Mr. B.B. Car vosso. formerly collector for Mr. Kounsevell, is receiving clerk; Mr. M. Henderson, formerly goods clerk at Rose worthy, is forwarding clerk;J and Mr. W. N. AVauchope is p'atform clem; i whilst two former jun'or clerks—E. J. Longson i and vv. Crane—have been retained to nil the same capacities. At the Port Station the principal clerks will be retained, Mr. Jones, till recently manager at that end for Mr. Bounsevell. being outside manager. The necessary stall—six men and 16 bor es—for shunting at Port Adelaide will likewise be kept on, the work of shunting and running : trucks to and from the wharfs being intended to be continued by the railway authorities. We believe the revised tariff of charges for Ihe conveyance of goods on the line will interfere considerably with the carriers on the Port-road, the disadvantages which had the effect of enabling them to compete so successfully with the railway being to some extent removed. Cricket.—A match was played on the South Australian Cricket Ground on Saturday afternoon, June 12, between 15 of the company engaged at the Theatre Eoyal and 11 Adelaide players. The longstopping of D. George for the Theatricals was greatly admired, as was also the batting of Pink stone and Tuckey for the eleven. During the afternoon there were several hundreds of spectators present, including a few of the fair sex. Some of the theatrical players created amusement, not having handled a bat before. They, were the first to go in, and were disposed of for 30 runs. Seven of the others soon ran up a score of 83, beating their opponents by 53. Subj oined are the scores:— THE THEATRICALS. Petrie, b. Pinkstone 1 C. Marschall, b. Mar chant 0 D. George, c. and b. Pinkstone 7 J. Hall (captain), b. Marchant 5 J. Munro, h. Pink stone 1 E. Emmet, c. Mar chant, b. Pinkstone 1 J. Batsou, b. Mar chant 1 J. G. Kitts, b. Hillier 2 J. H. Martin, b. Mar • chant 0 J. Beeves, b. Morcom 1 J. Streeton, run out 0 K. Pepper, c. Mar chant, b. Morcom 7 J.Musgrave,b.Rillier 0 J. Fry, b. Morcom ... 0 F. Mitchell, b.Morcom 0 Byes, &c; 4 ; Total 30 PICKED ELEVEN. F. Marchant, b.Pepper 6 | J. banders, c. and b. A. Tuckey, run out... 20 I Hall 13 S. Morcom, b. Pepper 0 | W. Hillier, not out... 2 J. Stack, c. Mitchell, j Byes, &c; 3 b. Pepper S — E. Pinkstone. not out 31 1 Total S3 It is fair to add that the Theatricals did not expect to have such players against them. It had been arranged that they were to play some volunteers of the Duke of Edinburgh's Own and the second eleven of the South Australian Ci icket Club. The umpires and captains were—for the Theatricals, Messrs. J. Higgius and J". Ilall respectively; and, for the eleven, Messrs. Tomkins and W. Hillier. -rjj Mining at Steathalbin.— The local Press hdk the subjoinedDuring the pa6t week the recent mineral discovery at Meadow Bank has formed the principal topic of interest in this district. That there are mineral deposits to a considerable extent in the neighbourhood of Strathalbyn is well known, but the attempts made to develop them have, from the expensive mode cf management and high rates of cartage to the seaboard, hitherto resulted in failure. The Strathalbyn and Wheal Ellen Mines which were worked for a number of years, have been pronounced by competent authorities, v ith careful management, to he highly remunera tive. Another mine is about to be worked on Air. Allan AlcLean's freehold properly, called the Meadow Bank Mine. Not long since Mr. AIcLean, while engaged ploughing, turned up a few stones, which he thought were metalliferous, and on opening a large reef cropping out of the surface, a lode uf the same description of stone was cut a few inches below the surface. The lode when opened was rather contracted, but on sinking it widened rapidly, and at a depth of 17 eet the lode was 7 feet across. Stones were taken from various depths of the shaft sunk, and sent to town for analysis. The result showed the presence of both gold and silver in pavable quantities—one analysis by the Rev. Air. Maughan in Feb: nary last, showing 15 ozs. 5 dwts. silver to the ton. Anctier analysis by Air. Jas. James in the same month, of a darker stone taken from the 'ode, resulted as follows: — "Large stones — Silver. 1 oz.; goid, 5 dwts. Small do. — Silver, i cz ; gold, S dwts." Other nine assays have been made, with results similar to the above. The lode has been cut a few hundred yards from where it was first opened, and again at a spot a quarter of a mile distant. Six cwt. f.om the former and 18 cwt. from the latter, was sent to town to Bailey's machine, the result from which we pub lished in our last. Air. AIcLean has given a 21 years' lease of the mineral rights of three sections free of rent, for the consideration of a certain number of reserved shares. Through one of these sections runs the lode of the old Strathalbyn Mine. The promoters of the Company fixed upon 300 shares at £5 eaih for a commencement, 210 of which were offered to the public, and in the course of the past week they have nearly all been taken up. There is therefore every prospect of the lodes being thoroughly tested, and should it turn out well, not only tiiose interested in it will receive the advantage, but the township will be very materially benefited. Gold-AIining Ventures.—We have been re quested to contradict the statement in a con temporary to the effect that the Caledonian, the Ophir, and the Crest of the "Wave Ventures at Jupiter Creek had amalgamated. So far as the latter two are concerned no negotiation for amal gamation has been made. We have also been authorized by the Secretary of the Caledonian Gold Company to state that they have no intention whatever to amalgamate with any of the other gold ventures. The Norwood Cricket Cldb.—The winding up of the cricket season of the Norwood Cricket Club took place at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Saturday night, June 12. About 30 members sat down to dinner, provided by Host Eedman. the table being spread with delicacies. Mr. E. T. Smith (Mayor of Kensington and Norwood) occu pied the chair, and Mr. Dumas the vice-chair. After the opening toasts. Mr. S. Ironside proposed "Success to the Club and its Officers." He had been in the Club since its formation. It had kept up so well because it had good officers, and it ranked the first in the colony for five successive seasons. Mr. W. P. Lyons (Secretary) responded. Tliey had played seven matches during the season, six of which bad been won, and the other drawn. In funds there was a balance on the right side. A numb r of toasts and sentiments followed, and several recitations were given. The New Railway Tariff.—A correspondent says:—"I presume the Chimber of Oomnwrae will have something to sey about Hie proposed dssrificsHon arrangement. I have cases now in my store, mads op to order for country settleis, and each containing goods belonging to three different classes How can soch cases be charged for, and bow can the foolish system of classifica tion be carried out!" Nab now Escape—Mr. Richard Wall, one of the drivers engaged on Hie Goolwa and Victor Harbour Tramway, narrowly escaped a death a few days ago. He was driving four heavy trnddaads of flour, and sitting on the tup of the first, when a sudden jmk threw offtba hp which formed his seat, and it fell over the front of the , trade on to the line. Mr. Wall it im possible to recover his position, with grealpresence of mind threw himself flit on his face on the ground between the horses, who, with the trucks, passed safely over him. The only injury Mr. Wall sustained was a severe bruise on the face, received from his violent contact with the ground. There is no doubt he owes bis life to his presence cf mind in throwing himself where he did, as otherwise he must have fallen across the rails, and been run over. Colonial Industry.—We have Eeen at the workshop of Mr. Carl Schul'z;, Bundle- street, a handsome pair of silver claret jugs, and the accompanying salvers, which he has just com pleted for shipment to England. The jugs are of plain silver; the handles represent twisted vine tendrils, and are suirounded by imitations of the leaves and fiuit of the vine. About £0 czs. of ■ silver have been used in their manufacture. * Dbainage Works.—We (Border Watch) un derstand that Mr. D. Sutherland, at the request of a large number of intending settlers in this district, has been appointed to report on various matters, especially as to the quality and value of the land in the agricultural area of the drainage works. Clerical Change.—It is understood the Eev. Mr. Byrne, who has been stationed at Kapucda, is about to remove to Salisbury. The Union Club.—The above Club now numbers 130 members. It will be seen by re J ferecce to our business columns that the Club still invite applications for £uitable premises. . Ofto^ Hotnis-\OFv Government have decided/upon tokkihg S'change.* "' w^cli ^tnieet with littlefavoar et jtte hands ' of: those chiefly juteresteiL^©nhiMM afterthe Tst-of ' August next aq extmhburisito'bepaddedto thie - *4meduring which' ■^vil- herranto ih aU Gftretia- ' ment Departments haveto attendat theiroffices. - ■ Insteadbf coming at 10 o'clockandieaving at'^they-'< ■ ardto attend kthalf- past® 'and remain -'until half-' past4 onfive ^y?inthfeweek,and<>h Saturday the < hours are to be from half-pastf) until 1 o'clock.' In addition to this a regulation will he issued „ requiringcachofficerbefore 'leaving to finish'iip ; the current day's business. The arrangement with regard to an interval for lunch is to remain as - .heretofore. • ■ * Police" Pat.—For the future the t>ay allowed to : persons engaged as policemen is not to.exceed 5s. per day during the period of probation,: and fis. after entering the regular force. This rule .will he restricted to new recruits; there-is tobemo reduc tion in the wages of those no win the: force. Theatbb Botal.—Mr. Beliaifs friends had evidently reserved themselves for his second benefit, for the house-presented a much mors, brilliant aspect on Tuesday night than it did when he put forward his first claim for special patronage. Sir James Fergusson and Lady Editli were, present in the state box, and received an official welcome in the playing of the National Anthem. The muster-roll of the Worshipful Masters, their right worshipful ladies, and distinguished citizens generally was well filled, and Ecarcely a vacant seat was'to be seen in any part of the Theatre. Mr. Bellair chose ior his first part Alexis Boma nouski in Selby's comedy of "The Lioness of the North.'" This officer has a wicked pro clivity towards making sport of ladies* hearts, and having succeeded in rousing the jealousy of Count Schuvaloff, Minister of Police, is consigned to the fortress of {fhlusselbourg, where he contrives to effect the escape of the Duke of Courland, a near relative of the Empress, who, from political motives, had been confined there during many years. To save the Commandant of the fortress from the fatal consequences of allowing a prisoner to escape, he undertook to personate the Duke, and in that character received £ visit from the Em press Elizibeth in disguise, and was afterwards summoned to the Imperial Palace. Here he had an interview with its leonine mistress, and was perforce obliged to make love to her. He succeeded so well in bis deception that he fully convinced himself of his identity with the Duke. His real name and station were at length discovered through the interception of a letter, which Foedoia, the Commandant's daughter, who had conceived a stroug atlection for him, was conveying from Courland himself. The Empress magnanimously forgave all parties concerned, and loaded them with rewards aDd honours except the unfortunate Schuvaloff who for all his exhibitions of zeal received no better recompense than the charge of a remote fortress. The most amusing part in the comedy is that of Triptolemas Krout, a young corporal and valet de chambre of a most aspiring mind. He has been seized with the belief that Elizabeth has become captivated by his charms; and his extr. vagaut attempts to ensure a declara tion of her passion were most amusingly portayed by Mr. Hill. Unfortunately the company had not taken especial pains to prepare the piece; and as its chief etiect depends upon smart acting, it cer tainly was not a success. Mr. Bellair hit off the dashing young officer, full of good impulses, vanity, and self-confidence, with considerable skill. To represent queenly dignity, and grace to assume the commanding tone and action of ma jesty, scarcely came within Miss Juno's range, but there was much to be admired in her conception of the great Sovereign of the Is orth. Mass George as Fce-lora played care fully as she always does: and Mr. Batson did full justice to the part of the inane exquisite, Alex ander Narciskoff. At the fall of the curtain Mr. Bellair was vociferously called to the front. la a few words he returned the audience his sincere thanks for the very great compliment they had paid him and for their liberal patronage ac corded him during his sojourn in Adelaide. His stay there would always be remembered by him with delight; for independent of the pro fessional success he had achieved, he had made many private friends, whose friendship he deeply esteemed. He trusted he should con tinue to have their good wishes. With regard to the management of the stage, many old citizens had told nim tbatfor years the pieces had not been *£0 well out on or so well played. This was another pieasiDg circumstance in connection with his visit to this colony. His success, however, was piin cipally due to the ladies and gentlemen of the company as well as the Baud; Mr. Fry and others having to do with the stage machinery and properties, all of whom had worked well with him, and had ensured a successful season. Un accustomed as he was to public speaking, they must excuse further remarks, but he again thanked them heaitily for their kindness. (Applause.) "Ihe Widow's Victim" is one of the broadest of broad farces. Every character in it is pledged to the extremes! effort of ludicrosity. Happily there are not many of them, or ordinary sides would not be able to withstand the splitting effect of the laughter they produce. Enter first Jane Ohat terley, the dramatic lady's maid, fired with the ambition of fcurrey Theatre, and absorbed in the blood-and-thunder literature which she enjoys in penny numbers. Miss Stoneham had scope here for all her powers of coquetry, mimicry, and heroics. Her reading of the "Jack Sheppard" episode was graphic, and showed what an amount of bombast may he obtained out of a small pair of lungs. Her imitation of Miss Olevelands was a racy thing in itself, and doubly entertaining to all who were familiar with the original. It elicited from many of the latter spontaneous signs of recog nition. But Miss Chatterley's star, bright audtwink lingasitwas, paled before themasculinebrillianceof her young man, Jeremiah Clip, the barber's clerk and theatrical "hamatycor," aliai Tinsel John, the intrusive livery servant, alias Moustache Strap pado, the firealing mysterious foreigner. Mr. Bellair had the representation of this diver sified triad; but the latter two were very insignificant pendants to the orginal Jeremiah. He was made an oddity whom Bottom might have welcomed into his own family. His tragic illustrations after the manner of Cliailes Eean and Macready, if a trifle rough, were so much the more ridiculous, They were certainly recognisable, and Jeremiah Clip's "hamatyoor" ta'ent became the life and soul of the farce. Jeremiah and Miss Chatterley having arrange l to victimize a certain Mr. Byron Tremaine Pelham Podge, who was spooneying after Mrs. Baltlcton, the victim had next to be intioduced. The Byronic youth was such a guy as only Mr. Hill in his most extravagant moods can achieve. His seedy fasliionability, his brummagem sen timentality, his condescending poltroonery were all expressed in the make-up. It was a character which revealed itself at a glance. But Mr. Hill did not stop short at first impressions. He acted out every peculiarity of the rule so vividly, and in all his misadventures he so fully realized the ideas his appearance suggested, that Mr. Byron Tremaine Pelham Podge was unmistakably " The Widow's Victim." The widow herself was dashingly played by Miss George, and the jealous Twitter threw Mr. Batson into a very abnormal state of excitability. It had, however, less affec tation and more natuial effect than is generally cbseivable in that quaiter. Gas Lighting. — In a letter dated June 4, directed to the Town Clerk, Mr. VV. H. Oharnock, Chairman of the Provincial Gas Company, sends the following offer:— "Referring to an interview which a deputation from this Company had with His Worship the Mayor on the subject of lighting the public lights of this city with gas, we have now the pleasure to present the fol lowing tender:—" The public lights to the number of 300 or more are to be lighted from sunset to sunrise throughout the year, with the following ex ceptions, namely—Not to be lighted three nights before the full moon, and two nights after the full moon, also on the third and fourth nights after the full moon the lights a;e to be extinguished at 12 p.m, and the fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth nights after the full moon to be put out at 2 a.m This w,11 be equal to six nights in each moon not lighted, two . nights extinguished at midnight, and four nights at 2 a.m. The contract to be for tea (10) years, dating from the time the lighting com mences, the light in each lamp to be equal to the light of 10 sperm candles, consuming each 120 grains per hour, measured by photometer at the works; and the price to be £7 per lamp. Should this Company succeed in obtaining this contract from the Corporation, asd a similar one from Her Majesty's Government, they will take imme diate steps to erect works, which will be ready in 18 months from the date of signing the contract." A postscript says—" This proposition is intended to include all gas consumed by meter in buildings belonging to or under the Corporation, for which the price would be twelve shillings and sixpence (12s. fid ) per thousand cubic feet. The contract to be for the same period as for the public lamps." Another communication, dated JuneS, states that the offer is to be whollyrcontingent upon the Com pany's obtaining a similar contract from Her Majesty's Government. The above letters were read at a Council meeting held at 2 o'clock on Monday, June 14; Customs Duties on the Dabling.—Out readers will remember a case of hardship brought before the Chamber of Commerce some months ago, in which Messrs. Robin & Biiks, of this city, had been compelled to pay duty a second time upon goods which the low state of the River Darling compelled them to bring back to Adelaide, after taking tbem up as far as Wentwortk. Since that time the Committee of the Chamber of Commerce have on several occasions urged upon the Treasurer the importance of making arrangements to obviate such hardships for the future, and this, we are glad to learn, has at last been in some degree accomplished. The New South Wales Government have, on the representations made to them, in structed their Customs officers at Wentworth that goods brought back in original packages, where a certificate to that effect is issued by the Customs authorities, will be exempt when passing from New South Wales to South Australia. This arrangement, although a concession, is not all that was desired or might reasonably have been ex pected. As to the claims of Messrs. Robin and Birks, the authorities, in the absence of the certi ficates, which were not then procurable, decline to entertain it. • The Nobthern Territory.—The Government have received numerous applications from persons willing to accept situations in the Northern Territory. It will relieve them from any suspense that t lev m:ght otherwise feel to Know that it is not intended to make any additions to the party at l res nt engaged in the Teirit iy. Mas Edith £*utiasn>$.—Kh. W. Ata aadtr (Miss PalmeratoR) ]a still at Wool worth, tat may before long be cxpxtcd in Adsliidr Qold nu Cravejrs.—Mr. Mom celled at onr bAoa 00 Thuniday with several lumps of bantams and quarts, which he aiinnii in ha had hhoadl brought from the property called "The Esperando," about two mile* aoath of Cralera. Bythe aid of • glam we could readily eee in the devices of aach tamp which he showed us numerous specs of geld, and Mr. Jan. James, who has assayed &006 grains of the specimens, certifies to hiving obtarasd n result equal to 25 ezs. 12 dwts. gold and 36 on. aiivertothetonof SOcwt. Notices to Mariners.—The Gazelle contains very elaborate information regarding the oosst tine along Investigator Straits and the Gulf of St. glaceot It is supplied by Commander Hutchison, whose survey of that part of the coast has rbeeu before mentioned by us. Essay oh English Composition. — We are ^requested to state that the prize offered by Mr. J. Howard Clark to the pupils of the Adelaide Educe -tional institution for English composition has been .awarded to W. Sandover, for bis essay on "The Life of John Hampden." The second best essay, which was adjudged nearly equal to the first, was written by Thos. B. Verco. Promenade Concert.—We believe the credit of ini dating promenade concerts in the colony is due to the Choir of St. Luke's Church. They seem to flourish exceedingly well, and to < •have already become acclimatized. A little j ■ more experience will suggest further improve ments in the arrangements, arid serve to establish them as :i permanent institution. On Thursday evening the Literary Society of St. Paul's Church followed the example of St Luke's by giving a promenade concert in the Town~HollI tve should -not like to say that there were less than 1,000 persons present. The entertainment was under the patronage of Sir James and Lady Edith Per gusson. Mr. J. A T. Lake acted aa conductor of the choir. Air. 11. B. White and Miss Alice Sack , presided alternately at the piano. The chorus consisted of altouf 19 or 50 performers, of whom the majority were ladies. The Con cordia Hand also added to the musical attractions of the evening. Regarded as a fashionable lounge the entertainment was a great success. Xha mus:c, although intrinsi cally very excellent, was not and could not be appreciated as it deserved to be, on account of the imporfcct acoustic properties of the Hall. And this defect wi's s-till more apparent in the performance of what was named in the programme a "laughable scene," a sort of drawing-room farce, the characters of which were taken hy five young gentlemen of more than ordinary histrionic abilities. It is said to he a very good specimen of our native industries, and probably it was very amusing to the few who were fortunate to set a standing near the footlights. To the rest very little could be either seen or heard. Refreshments were obtainable ad libitum in the refreshment- room. A great deal of credit is due to the ladies and gentlemen composing the orchestra aud chorus for their gratuitous and valuable services; for notwithstanding the drawbacks we have referred to, and for which they are not responsible, Cite entertainment as a whole was thoroughly enjoyable. We are sure it gratified all who were present. Adelaide Educational Institution. — In anticipation of the holidays the pupils of Mr. J. L. Young's sch' ul met to carry out the programme of the second series of athletic sports on the North Park Lands on Tuesday. June 15. There was a large attendance of competitors, their schoolfel lows, and friends, and the weather was very favourable. The following list shows the number of entries and the winners' namesThrowing the cricket ball—Si:: entries, A. Fesenmeycr (captain), distance SI yards I foot; A Oliver second, 70 yards 2 feet. Champion race, IfO yards (prize—a silver cup presented by Mr. Young)-Ten entries, W. J. Gollin. time 1:1 sec.; W. Orowder second. High jump -eight entries, A. Baitleot, 4 feet (> inches; H. llabewg a second. Three-legged race, 100 yards —Four entries, A. (lilcs and H. Shell, time 17 sec.; A Oli-.or and J. Sanderson second. Long jump—Eight entries, E. L. Hawker, 15 fcetl inch; J. Sanderson second, M feet 10 inches. Race, J20 yardB, boys under 12 years—Two entries, It. Oielana, -IS sec. Running hop, skip, and jump Nine entries. li. Habbagc, feet 7 inches; il. Shell cccou 1, £9 feet 0 inches. 440 yards flat race -^-Six entries, A Bartleet. Hole-leaping—Two entries, Fe r.mnmver and Orowder, Fesenmeycr vriuner, <> feet 1 inch. Standing long jump Twelve entries, W. Crow.ler, 7 feet S inches. Hurdle race. 120 yards-Seven entries. A.Oliver, ■2') feet 4 inches. Handicap flat race, 220 yards, W. J. Oollin, scratch, time :JU sec. Mile race—Six ■entries, J. Anderson. Three standing jumps—A Fesenmeycr. 2: feet 1 inch. Miss Woodcock kindly undertook m. a^triu.ite the prizes, and was rewarded hv three UeTlvcheers. The PuiXCE Al?i:£D Mixe—Very favourable reports were received on Thursday morning from tlie Prince Alfred Mine. The prospects are re presented as Iteing splendid, and, on the strength of representations, shares have gone up from jEI to JE3 a piece. Captain Joseph Viviau, who has had great experience in copper-mining, having superintended large tuincs in Chili, and who has just taken the ni uiagement of the Mattawarrangala Mine, writes from that place under date of l2th instant a? follows:—"of the I'rinee Alfred, ail that is necessary to be said 011 this occasion is that one half of it;, merit Iras not been told in Adelaide. It really exceeds anything I have seen at the depth in the coarse of a pretty wide experience." Messrs. F. J. Butting and J. Whvte, Directors of tlie Mine, proceed to-day to visit the property. PnESExr.vrrox.—On Wednesday evening at the Parsonage, A'.liertou, the teachers of Ht. Paul's Church Sunday-School presented Mr. and Mrs.T. J. King with a handsome salver and vase. The salver irore the inscription " Presented to Mr. and Mrs. King by the Incumbent and Sunday-School teachers of St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, in recognition of their long and etficient services, ■fune lu, ISi'A" The Itcv. S. Green, on behalf of himself and the teachers, hauded over the gift. The recipients have been connected with the school for 11 yea's. Melaxoiiolt Accident jx the North.—A sad accident occurred <111 Monday to a little boy eight years old, son of Mr. Burlou. oveiseer of the Gottlieb's Weils Bun, North. The little fellow was riding in company with his sister when the girth of her sa idio broke. Whilst endeavouring to catch the horse she was on, her riding-habit was Sown into the face of her brother's horse, which mmediately took fright, threw him, and whilst his foot was entangled in the stirrup dragged him a long distance on the ground. When taken up concussion of the brain bad occurred, and death very shortly afterwards terminated the sufferings of the poor child. Darling Biver Navigation-. — Tlie Riverine Advertiser repotts that there was a public meeting held at lVorale Station, on the Upper Darling, on the 10th May, for the purpose of taking into con sideration the question in dispute between the storekeepers ar.d the owners of the river steamers. Your readers arc now in possession of the "diffi culties," to u-e cu American phrase, between the contending parties. Nearly all the large station owners took part with the steamer proprietors, and the following was decided upon:—It was unani mously agree.1 that it behoved the inhabitants of the extensive pastoral districts of New South Wales, who are mainly depending upon the navigation of the Darling Biver for supptics, and as a means of getting their produce to market, to take action to oppose the movement of the storekeepers, &c.;, who are now seeking to restrict the said river trade —a course, if adopted, which cannot fail to in crease enormously the cost of management of ait station properties, which evil, in such trying times, it is a duty which every one in the district owes to himself to endeavour to avert. It was further agreed that as the present law relating to the river traffic was inapplicable mid unsatisfactory, that a petition should he prepared for presentation to Parliament, praying that a law should be specially enacted that would be more suitable, ana would leave unrestricted and allow the trade of the Darling to follow its legitimate channel. A Com mittee for the purpose uf carrying out the above object was formed. StravfTOF IZooRisax.— Mr. Good fellow and his assistants ate busy resurveying the township of Kooringa preparatory to renewals of leases being granted by the Hurra Company, or the freehold of the properties sold. Land DisrcTE at Gawleb. — The dispute between two townsmen of Gawlcr about a piece of laud in Gawler East, forming the subject of an actiou now pending in the Supreme Court, exhi bited a new phase on Thursday. The fence recently erected by one of the belligerents was attacked by the opposite party with axes, saws, &c.;, and speedily demolished. The combatants will probably, residents think, each spend in' law more money than the land is worth before the matter is settled. However, "it's au ill wind that blows nobody good.*' Early Closing.—The Burra tradespeople hare taken a step in the right direction by agreeing to close their establishments at S o'clock on Saturday eight instead of 10 and later, as hitherto. Acoident at Poet Adelaide.—On Thursday afternoon, an apprentice named Bichaid Manning, belonging to the Light of ilie Age, whilst engaged aloft on the mainyard. unfortunately fell to the deck, and in so doing broke bis thigh in two places. He was conveyed to the Casualty Hospital, and the injured limb was set by Dr. Gelliing, assisted by Dr. Duncan. The Weather.—Though the weather for several days has been delightfully fine, the nights have been very cold. At daybreak this morning, the ice on the surface of still water was the third of an inch thick in the hills. Gas.—Mr. H. Lamsbed. carrier, is still steadily engaged in conveying the plant for the Provincial Gas Company's intended works at Strathalbyn. That town is not quite so far advanced in its pre parations for lighting as Gswler is, bat the Engi neer is doubtless doing the best he can in this matter. The Weather in. Adelaide.—On Wednesday" mprnirg at 8 o'clock the theriribmeter in East terrace stood at 34° in the shade. At noon on Thatsday it was 57°. The Bbeheb Mink.—At the Bremer Mine men are busily engaged driving a croes-sut from the engine-shaft to the'main lode at the 93-fathom level. On Jane 15 some very good ore was shown, which liad been taken out of a branch to the east of the lode. This branch, thongh small, was very promising, and was composed of rotten ripe ore, i peach, and sugary spar. These are considered good indications of copper. The ground met with in : this cross-cut bps been much more favourable for driving than the lodes above, and it is confidently expected that a loose and productive lode will be met with in a few fathoms further driving. Police Magistrate at Wentworth.—Mj. Farrand, who has been appointed to succeed Lieutenant-Colonel Busseli as Police Magistrate at Wentworth, is shortly expected there. The Biveks. — The steamer Prince Alfred arrived on Tuesday week at Wentworth with a full general cargo, and returned with several passengers for Blanchetown. The Queen, weather per mitting, it was intended should proceed up the Murrumbidgee. The latest news from Wentworth is to the effect that the Murray was rising a little, and that' the Darling was slightly falling. -The Beltana Mining Venture.—A few days ago we referred to a rich find of copper in the Far fforth, some 40 miles from Blinman, and men tioned that Mr. Fiett, discoverer, had agreed to point it out to the representatives of an associa tion of gentlemen in Adelaide willing to treat for the purchase of the discovery. We now learn that Captain Terrell, of the Blinman Mines, ha paid a visit to the spot, and has reported that stones of rich ore were scattered over the surface of the ground for about a mile in length, and that he had set on men to sink for the lode. Mr. Flett i was unavoidably prevented from meeting the captain on the ground; but enough was visible to give promise of a valuable find. Some specimens rought back to the Blinman were estimated to contain from 40 to 50 per cent, of copper, and were of a like character with those first exhibited in Adelaide. The gentlemen who are in negotiation for the purchase have taken up five and a half sections, or 440 acres, and have styled their enter prise the Bsltana Mining Venture. Tee Nobth-East Moonta Company.— Infor mation has been received in Adelaide that a very fine lode has been struck on Section 3205, the pro perty of the North-East Moonta Company. Men have been got to trace its course, and it is hoped that a surface branch of ore will shortly be struck. Fahming down South.—The weather is now very fine at Port Elliot and Goolwa, with every prospect of its thus continuing. The gardens in the vicinity are looking well, and vegetable pro ductions are making rapid progress. The farmers have nearly all finished their sowing, and are looking hopefully forward for a good return. Division of Naibne Distbict.—The cry for a partition of the District of Nairne appears to be quieted for a time, and the Council met at Cal Iingtou for the first time on June 14, having thus acceded to a very general wish that periodical meetings should be held alternately in additional and different parts of the district. j Old Scholabs' Association.—The annual general meeting of old scholars of the Adelaide Educational Institution will take place on Friday, June 25, when the Committee will present their ' report, and officers will be appointed for the ensuing year. Theatee Botal.—No season would be complete without an illustration of the vice-punished and virtue-rewarded style of drama. Of this class "Fraud and its Victims" has for some time been the most popular representative, and on Thursday it turned up at the Eoyal in due course. The attendance was not particularly flattering to the moral enthusiasm of the community, but though the numbers were small the subjects were very susceptible. The fortunes, or rather misfortunes of the Sjaborne family were followed with deep and in some instances melting interest. The anti dote to seDtimeut was also freely administered by the funny members of the cast—Mr. Hill in Gabriel Pummypot.and MissStoneham in Patty lloselips. Gabriel was not so mercurial nor so ludicrously fidgetty as in the Greville edition. His humour was of a more sober quaint character, but it pro voked equal merriment, MissStoneham could not by any possibility have made an in afferent Patty, but she evidently did not relish selling ham sand wiches so much as she does being a pert lady's maid. In the latter liue she has the perfection of nature. Her heart is in it, and all her peculiarities specially fit her for it. To the sandwich trade she gives only her person and a nondescript sort of costume. The spectators enjoyed it more than she seemed to do herself. Mr. Bellair was in high feather as Tom Xrumper, alias Sheffield Tom, Esq. He put it on according to the Eccles type, which is his most distinctive, and also mist effective line of acting. He has never excelled that first character, in which he approached the Adelaide footlights. If we say that Tom Trumper was Eccles looking twenty years younger and as many degrees seedier, the public will have an external resemblance of him. His mental qualities were the reverse of Eccles's. Tom was not a loafer—only a warm-hearted, lightheaded man who had been betrayed into evil and brought to misery by it. He was a man to be respected in spite of bis rags, for the pertinacity with which he pursued his purpose of retribution against Huggle stone. The banker fell into the hands of Mr. Andrews, whose elderly gentlemen are all very queer monotonous conventionalities. They always wear tin same snowy wig and the same frockcoat. Their countenance is always florid and not very expressive. They seldom vary their voice, which is constitutionally rather foggy and indistinct. They represent age without venerability, and stimulate emotion when they manifestly do not feel it Mr. Lawrence's Alfred Seaborne was genuinely and uniformly good. He never ranted, in spite of the bad example of his friend the Count dc Valmore. lu his misery he did not allow himself to whine or apostrophize the gods. When reduced to his lowest ebb he looked in every particular what he was supposed to be—a poor, half-starved fellow, eager to obtain the meanest job. Alfred Seaborne has seldom fared so well with aoy stock actor as on Thursday. Marian had also much to be thaukful for to Miss Juno, who played in her quietest hut most impressive style. Mrs. Stone ham spoke the decayed gentlewoman very feelingly, bnt elocution was all she could possibly give to the role. Her appearance did violence to the text, for it presented a very comfortable picture of starva tion. Miss Norman has a very strange fashion of portraying pride, waywardness, anil heartless ness—the three ruling qualities of Isabe'le. Miss George would have had task enough to represent the haughty, ambitious beauty. Miss Norman never comes within hail of the character. There is talent and vigour enough in the cast, however, to compensate for a few blanks. The Local and Insolvency Coubts.—The Government organ has formally announced what has been known to the public for some time, that at the close of the present month the business of the Adelaide Local and Insolvency Courts will be conducted in the new Coui t-House, on the opposite side of Victoria-square. Athletic Spouts at the College.—At the conclusion of the examination at the College on Thursday the boys held their usual sports on the playground. There was a large attendance of visitors, anil, by the permission of Major Vivian, the Band of the 14th Begiment was on the ground, and discoursed excellent music during the after noon. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergusson were present, and remained until the greater portion of the programme was com pleted, when they drove off' amidst cheers. The sports were carried out with great spirit, and although, of course, the young athletes lacked the well-developed muscles of the members of the Adelaide Club, their performances showed that they had undergone a considerable amount of training, and that something may be expected from them in the future. The following were the events, with the names of the competitors:— Champion race, 100 yards; prize, silver cup—A. Simms, B. Moot e, J. Hagot, A. Fisher, H. Gwynne, W. Moore, -W, Chambers, A. Ayers, H. Glyde, B. Lawrence, F. Harris. Won by Simms, Fisher being second, and Bigot and W. Moore tieing for third place; time, lQt sees. Under 15 race, for boys under 15 years, 330 yards: prize, gold locket— J. ! Sinclair, A- Lucas, Bakewell, C. Hargrave, IS. ! Hughes. There were 12 entries, hut only five came j to the scratch. The race was won easily by Sinclair, Hughes coming in second. Wide jump; prize, gold pin—W. Moore, W. Chambers, J. Bagot. Chambers, by excellent jumping, cleared 17 feet 2 ! inches, and took the prize. Bagot managing 17 feet. : Hurdle race. 120 yards, six flights; prize, cup—J. Baker, J. Morphett, R. Moore, W. Chambers, J. Walker, W. Moore, E. Gwyune, J. Bagot, A. Simms. This event excited a good deal of interest, hut Simms was backed as the favourite, and the result showed that he was up to the mark, although rather hard pressed by Gwynne, Bagot being third; time, 18 sees. Under 12 race, for boys under 12 years, 220 yards; prize, gold locket—K. Bagot, Chapman. Won by Chapman; time, 32 sec.; Quarter mile flat race, prize, gold piu—K. Gwynne, A. Simms, E. Moore, W. Moore, Green. The contest was between R. Moore and Simms, but the 100 yards champion could hot stand the distance, and was beaten by a considerable length. The others gave in half-way round; time, lmin. 3 sec.; Hop, step, and jump prize, gold and carbuncle studs—J. Bagot, W. Moore, E. Gwynne. Bagot took this prize with 35 feet 6 inches, <i wynne coming next with 31 feet 9 inches. Bace for boys under 10,110 yards; prize, gold pencilcase—C. Hill, Bagot, H. Smith, Poole. Won by Smith in 16? sec., Poole being second. High jump: prize, field-glass—W. Chambers, J. Bagot, W. Moore. This event was well contested. Bagot withdrew after failing to clear 4 feet Ah inches, and Moore at 4 feet 6 inches. Chambers, whose jumping was much admired, cleared 4 feet 9 inches easily. Putting the stone, 16 lbs.; prize, gold sleeve-links—J. M. Bagot, VT. Moore. W. Chambers. Won by Chambers, whose put was 21 feet 10 inches, Bagot taking second place with 23 feet 6 inches. Half mile flat race; prize, silver cop—E. Moore, D. Packard, W. Chambers, E. Gwynne. Moore won easily in 2 min. 34 sees, Packard second. Hurryskurry, 120 yards; prize, diver cup, presented by Mr. Steiuer; post entries. Won by A. Simms. At the close of the sports the prizes were distributed to the successful com petitors by Miss Fare, for whom three hearty heeis were given. Southern Fabmrj®.—The Clara Press remark that "the weather has been beautiful donug the \- preseutwedr, after the recent rams, and nature is clothing the land with abundance of verdure once -more.. The young' wheat is springing nicely, in spite of the frosty nights and mornings, which are very prevalent. Several of the farmers have finished seeding. So far the season has been extremely favourable for tilling purposes. The rain at the commencement caused the rubbish, drake, wild oats, Ac., to grow, which the ensuing dry weather enabled the agriculturist to exter minate by ploughing, harrowing, and scarifying, as the wapt of moisture in the earth prevented its taking root again; and the farmers are not only anticipating good crops, but clean ones, which of course will enable them to obtain a higher price for their produce." The Mobowie Mike.—The captain of the Morowie, in a report to the Directors, represents the urine to be steadily improving. Simms's Shaft has been snnk to a depth of 21 feet, and is yielding fine copper ore of a high percentage. It shows all the essentials of a good dividend-paying mine. The captain has no doubt, on reaching the 10 fathom level, of being able to make regular returns of ore. Illegal Liquob-Selling.—At Clare on Tuesday, before Mr. £. B. Gieeson, S.M., a charge of illegally offering spirits for sale was preferred against James Adams, a hawker, who was found on Booboorowie Bun with certain excisable goods. He was fined £10, and horses, cart, and liquors were confis cated. I j The New Railway Tariff. - Our Salisbury correspondent says of the residents in that town and neighbourhood—" We scarcely know yet what to make of the new railway tariff; possibly, with some alterations, it may become workable. But it cannot be seen why we should be charged for a ton and a half when the invoice happens to exceed the-ton by a few pounds. Such a practice renders the nominal reduction a myth and a snare." The Breach of Promise Case. — In the case set down for Friday, June IS, of Mr. Carolan against Miss Fareliy to recover damages for breach of promise of marriage, the action has, we believe, been abandoned. Shipment of Hoeses.—The Benledi and Peeress are spoken of as likely to take away horses, the former for Colombo and the latter to Madias. The Civil Sittings.—In consequence of Tues day next being a holiday the Civil Sittines will not be resumed till Wednesday next. In the meantime six of the Jury in the case of MacRae v. MacRae, which was partly heard on Friday, are to be treated at the expense of the litigants to a trip to Willunga, to view the locus in quo. The action arises out of an alleged interference with a watercourse, whereby the plaintiff alleges that a superabundance of water has been thrown upon his section, to the detriment of his property. Globe Hotel Company.—We are informed l>y the broker that 8,000 shares have been applied for, and that it is believed there is every probability of the remainder being speedily sub scribed for. South Australian Preserved Meat.—We are informed by a gentleman who has just re turned from England, that a tin of Mr. ii. B. Hughes's meat, taken by the ocean steamer on the homeward voyage, was purposely kept in the worst part of the vessel, near the engine, and opened on the line during the hottest of all hot weather. Notwithstanding these drawbacks it was found to be in excellent order. We have also seen a letter from a gentleman who went home by the South Australian, who says—*" We had two tins of meat from Mr. Hughes on board, aud they have both turned out first-rate." Woolpacking.—The gentleman last referred to says—"I saw some bales of wool while we were at the Cape, but tbey were not uearly so well packed as in Australia." The City Arms.—Another ancient building has had to give way before the march of civic im provement. This is the City Arms, in King William-street, which many years ago held a high place amongst the licensed places of entertainment in Adelaide, but has of late years" fallen quite into the background. The process of demolition was completed yesterday, and shortly au edifice more worthy of the site in Ring William-street which it has occupied is to be erected in its stead. Prince Alfred College.—The first half yearly examination of this Institution took place to-day in the presence or a goodly number of relatives and friends of pupils and of the denomi nation with which the College is identified. The Chief Inspector of Schools (Dr. Wyatt) was pre sent by invitation, and conducted a part of the examination. We shall present a report of the proceedings in our next issue. Railway Traffic.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended June 12 was:—Port Line—Passengers, 4,799; fares, £192 13s. fid.; goods, £165 Is. Td. North Line Passengers, 1,434; fares, £334 3s. 4d.; goods, £6S2 3s. 10d. Total. £1.314 10s. 3d. New Music.—The musical supplement of the last number of the Adelaide Miscellany contains an original sanctus by Mr. W. Holden, very nicely printed from music types. The New English Bankruptcy Bibl.—The Attorney-General, in moving for leave to bring in a Bill to consolidate and amend the law of bank ruptcy, gave a history of previous legislation upon the subject, which he contended had been alto gether unsatisfactory, and required reform. The system of Commissioners, he said, had failed principally because they had to mix up judicial and administrative duties, which should always he kept asunder; and because they had au inefficient control over their subordinates. There was also great delay and neglect in collecting estates, and an unreasonable expense. Within a certain period it had cost £250.000 to collect and "distribute £4Sl,000. The average expense of collection and distribution amounted to about 75 per cent. The present Bill proposed to abolish imprisonment for debt, except in County Court cases, where debts have been contracted fraudulently, or if the debtor had means to pay and did not; but no warrant of imprisonment would be granted except by the Judge in open Court, and the Judge would be required to make a return to Parliament every year of the number of committals. As the .English system of bankruptcy had failed, he proposed to adopt the Scotch system, which had substantially succeeded. Its advantages were simplicity, the absence of officialism, the allowing of creditors to administer to the estates of bankrupts by themselves in their own way, without any interference further than necessary supervision; and lastly, the separation of administrative and official functions. A trustee would be appointed who would receive proof of debts, and proceed to realize the estate, to declare dividends, and generally wind up the estate. The trustee would be subject to certain checks and control, and his accounts would be audited by an accountant in bankruptcy. No debtor would be allowed to make himself bankrupt upon his own petition. The after-acquired pro perty of a bankrupt would be made liable for his debts to a limited extent, namely, for six years—unless he had p3id a dividend of 10s. m the pound. The criminal and quasi criminal jurisdiction of the Court of Bankruptcy would be done away with, but the criminal law would be rendered more stringent by the introduc tion of a Bill to abolish imprisonment for debt, and to punish fraudulent debtors. All post-nuptial settlements, followed by bankruptcy within two years, would be absolutely void, unless the bank rupt could prove that he was in solvent circum stances at the time he made them. In the country the Jaw would be administered by the County Court Judges, aud iu London there would be a ciuef Court, comprising all the Metropolitan County Court districts, at the head of which would be one of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law* All the Judges would have power over their subordinate officials, and im portant cases, if necessary, might be removed from the country to the Court in London. Power would also be given to the Judges to assemble a jury for the purpose of trying any bankruptcy question that might arise, and the Judges of the Courts of Common Law would have power to send bank ruptcy questions, such as fraudulent preference, to be tried by the Bankruptcy Courts. Appeals would be made to the Chief Court, and ultimately, with the sanction of the Chief Judge, to the House of Lords. Of course, the provisions of the Bill in volve a certain amount of compensation; but he believed the funds of the Bankruptcy Court would be more than sufficient to meet all the claims that were likely to be made upon tbem. After a short debate, in which a large number of members spoke in commendatory terms of the scheme, leave was given to bring in the Bill, and it was sub sequently read a first time. The Queen's Bridesmaids.—Out lady readers possibly may'*feel interested in learning what has since become of the 12 young ladies whom Her Majesty some 29 years ago chose as her brides maids, and who carried the royal train in tb e Chapel Royal on tbe day of her marriage to the late Prince Consort (Feb. 10,1810). Two of them were married during that year—Lady Mary A. F. O rims ton to Viscount Folkestone, eldest son of the Earl of Radnor, and Lady Elizabeth A. 6. Howard to the Hon. and Rev. F. fi. Grey. Two others were married in 1841—Lady Frances E. Cowper to Viscount Jocelyn, eldest son of the Earl of Roden, and Lady Ida H. Hay to Viscount Campden, now Earl pi Gainsborough. In 1842 Lady Sarah F. C. Villiers married Prince Nicholas Esterhazy; in 1843, Lady Catherine L. W. Stan hope married Lord Dalmeny, eldest son cf the Earl of Kosebery; in 1844. Lady Elizabeth West married Mr. F. C. Bastings Russell, heir pre sumptive to the Dukedom of Bedford; in 1847, Lady Jane Harriet Bouverie married Mr. William Eilis, and Lady Eleanora C. Paget married Sir Sandford Graham, Bart; in 1849, Lady Mary Charlotte Howard married Lord Foley, and Lady Caroline A. Lennox married the Earl of Bess borough; and, lastly, in 1851. Lady Adelaide Paget married the Hon. F. W. Cadogan. Of these fair ladies three are dead—Lady Gainsborough, the Princess Esterhezr, and Lady E. Graham. One of them. Lady Jocelyn, is a widow; and one of them, Ladv Dalmeny. having remained some vears a widow, is now Duchess of Cleveland.— Guardian. 