SYDNEY SUMMARY. (From the S.M. Herald) On Monday last, Mr. William Davies, mayor.of Goulbdrn, Mr. M. Alexander J.P., the surveyor. general, and the sheriff waited, by appointment, on the secretary for lands. The subject discussed was an application by the council of the borough of Goulburn for reserves. The sheriff was desirous of obtaining a good site for a gaol; and a satisfactory arrangement was made, subject to report by Mr. Twynam, district surveyor, tGulbern. The secre- tary for lands very kindly received the deputation, and expressed himself In favour of reserves to be planted with trees, and rendered at once ornamental and useful. Four of the Yass bridge cylinders are now en- route for Yass, and the sinking will be commenced on their arrival there. The superstructure of this bridge is also in progress at Messrs. Russell's, and tenders will be invited for timber for the floor in a few days. When the present Yass bridge is taken down, the iron bolts will be used to stay the Quean- beyan bridge. The information which we have to convey this month in reference to the railway works in progress is not very much in quantity; but in one respect it is important, and we allude to the progress made with the work on the southern extension towards Goul- burn. The cutting through the big hill near the second crossing of the Wollondilly is now completed with the exception of trimming the slopes, and the permanent way is being laid through this cutting. There is very little to do on this section now except laying the permanent way, and Mr. Faviell, the con.- tractor, hopes to be in Goulburn by the first week in March. The distance over which the permanent way has to be laid is a little over seven miles. Ten- ders have been received for the engine-shed to be erected about three miles from the town of Goulburn ; but we understand that none has yet been ac- cepted. (From the Empire.) :Intelligence from Batavia, 10th December, says, "Oount von Attems has confessed, and is to get a severe sentence. His yacht, the Hamlet's Ghost, has; I believe, been sold for about £200. On his way to Java he fired into a vessel for not showing her colours, and after his arreefst he insisted upon the Austrian consul sending to Singapore to intercept an Austrian frigate and order her to come to effect his release." Mr. Franclis E Rwad Rogers, barrlster-at.law, will receive the appointment of crown.prosecutor for the southern district, vice Mr. W. R. Templeton, resigned. Among the petitions recently presented to the Assembly is one from Dr. Frederick Beer. The petition prays that the House will, under the circum- stances set forth, recommend the petitioner to the favourable consideration of her Majesty for a special pardon for a certain offence therein described, of which he was convicted 1856, and for which he duly served his sentence of imprisonment.. Another petition is from Alexander Walker Scott, of Sydney, Esq., one of the trustees of the Newcastle Proprietary Grammar School, setting forth an unsatisfied claim on account of land near Honeysuckle Point, Newcas- tie, taken by the Hunter River railway, and praying for inquiry, with a view to relief in the premises. Sy the Agnes Irving,.which arrived on Wednes- day morning, we learn that the Rev. Mr. Quinlaven, of Port Macquarie, whilst bathing off the rocks on Friday, the 22nd instant, was unfortunately drowned. The body had not been recovered up to Tuesday, the 26th. 