INFAMY. _ AX AUSTRALIAN STORY. Written exjj ressly for the Yass Courier. CH.M'I'KK I. WOOF AND WF.Il. "Ami -withered I- Ajmilo's hitirti bmisjh." — Mauiowk. Leaning- forward with his bared elbows resting on his knees, and his bearded chin buried in his hands, sat George Fitzroy gazing fixedly into the red ashes ; seeing in tliein not "castles fair with stately doorways," but I " ruined cities," fit emblems of neglected opportunities and blasted hopes. Ilis seat was some few hundred cubic inches off the butt of a box tree, which many successive tenants of his little bark .hut had worn to an unctuous smoothness. The hut, or gunyab, for "hut"is too pretentious to describe the place gilder consideration, was of a rich, full, red svnoke-stained umber, iu the matter of colour; touching size, it was some ten feet by eleven, not including the fireplace which to tho hut was as is the stage to a theatre ; and regarding j style, it was of that humble, though not un- picturesquo order, which architecturally may be defined as the Very Early Australian. It was iu fact an ill-built, dilapidated shepherd's hut, not without beauty to tho eye of the artist, though wholly without comfort to tho heart of the inhabitant. It, stood on tho station of a narrow-minded man, a man mean enough, as old hands wero wont tersely and proverbially to put it, to skiu a Ilea for the sake of its hide. And Georgo Fitzroy was the shepherd. Yes! the fireplace was in some sort a stage. George from his box log, in the undress circle, being audience; and the curling sinoke, flickering flames, and mysterious embers of sullen ashen grey or fierce geranium red the, actors. Tho orchestra was usually, however located on the outside ; consisting most frequently of bull frogs, who, from their swamp beyond, with loud, defiant, metallic croaking, continually, liko Greek tragic choruses, chanted Woe, Woo, inevitablo Woe. This night, however, an orchestra performed, which so far as talent went, even Verdi or Rossini might have envied. It was, as must bo confessed, composed of but otie performer, the instrument being an old half-worn-out flutina, which tho station bullock- driver had long before given up as good for nothing, and handed over (/iwsi- gcnerously to the shepherd whom Fitzroy had succeeded. But tho music 1 Plaintively, sobbingly, sweet marvellous cadences of glorious sound, breathing tho exquisite melodiousness of a melancholy sublimated to delight, passed out liko a freed soul from tho old and battered instrument, as its worn sides of dry and wrinkled leather rose and fell to the master handling of a short pale-faced figure who lay at full length on tho rough stool which occupied one side of tho capacious fireplace. Dressed in rags as tho musician was, scarred as his face was with the easily read marks which tell of slavedom to dissipation and vice, the marvellously intellectual forehead was conclusive evidence of the highest caste of genius ; evidence against which both rags and dishonourable scars in vain protested. Thou tho music .ceased, and Fitzroy awoke from his dream. The wizard's spell was oft' hi in. " Do you beliove in Possession ?" he asked, abrupt l)r. " Of what and by whom ?" replied the musician sadly. " Of us and by the devil." "Look here, Fitz. Don't laugh. I do." " So do I," and the speaker looked at tho moment very much as if ho did. Then camo a pause, and then another swift flood of rapturous, entrancing sound, an arti- culato though wordless poem. And then a crash. The poor (lutina had failed, as well in its sad condition it might fail, to express the musician's meaning ; a broken note had given forth a false utterance, and, with an oath, the instrument had been dashed spitefully to the ground, ft is, perhaps, a lucky thing, (.) reader, that wo men aro not so summarily treated when we fail to respond with strict and true accordance to tho Master's touch ; else with whom would it not be ruin ? Tho crash drew forth from tho audience the laconic remark of " save the pieces," which, as it. happened, was not opportune, fracture not having been sustained. The orchestra, calmed by this explosion, put a coal, liko a scarlet hailstone, into its pipe, and puffed spasmodically smoke circles roofwards ; and by such effort get composed enough to speak, which it did on this Aviso : — "Yes, George, my boy, I do believe in Possession, and it is as bad a creed to believe in, I take it, as avcII can be. By Jove, sir, I might bo earning my fifty guineas a night at this blessed minute if I was anything else but a fiend-led jackass. My will's not my own. I've paved a decentish sized bit of hell with my good intentions 1 can tell you. And here I am to-night, a vagabond, cursed, homeless, penniless, with a gifr (a talent parsons call it) which is only potent to sink mo deeper into shame. I go into towns and get brain deop into wickedness, and seemed dostined noi'or to find any halting- place betwixt an infamy of penury and an infamy of debauch. Can a fellow sing '0 be joyful,' to such a tuner Look you, George Fitzroy, 1 do believe in Possession ; and the. first article of my creed is that I, Charles Halliday, of no ilk at all, at all, am in the hands of a demon." " Well, Ch arlie, I didn't mean to start you confessing. A et it is odd, isn't it. that we two, Avitli all our chances, should have come to this ; should be hero together in these con ditions th is blessed night. I, the ri-devaul hit's sar, as shepherd; yon, the idol pupil of Chopin, as 'swagsman.' Both of its broke, stone-broke, so far as cash, hope, or any one loveablc thing else is concerned. Yell, who d have thought it r Is tho billy empty " As my pockets," ruefully replied tho erst favourite of the greaf pianist. " Let's replenish and have a feed." " Good." Fitzroy replenished the fire, slung the hilly, picked uji the flutina Avhieh took ili-treatment very kindly and often, cleaned down the bark table Avitli a suspicious looking duster, not altogether Avithont resemblance to the tail of a shirt, rinsed out two pannicans, and brought out irom tho cupboard, which consisted of a I sack pendant from one of tho rafters, half a damper, some corned beef, and, what seemed strange from such a place, a delicalo china basin containing quince marmalade. " Charlie, old fellow, if it Avasn't for Mrs. Muirhead and her bright face and pleasant 1 AA-ords, I should have cut my throat long ago, out of sheer misery. She's an angel ! " "Or a pretty Avoman, which f " asked Hal lid ay, sardonically. "Now look here, Charlie, I can't arguo Avitli ! you or quote Moore and all that kind of thine-, ' I know ; for in such things you're a patent Whitworth, and I'm only an ancient duffer of a BroAvn Bess. But, mind, don't insinuate. She is good ; that I'm suro of. : Besides, I ! reverence womanhood, and always, even in my i Avorst dnys, did. I think folly swamped me : rather than " and then George hesitated, remembering that he Avas approaching delicate ground. " Don't bo shy. Spit it out, you can't in jure my feelings ; they'ro all seared those centuries," cried JIalliday. " Well," Vice." "Tn its exact, theological, philosophical, de finition ? " " Yes, but I meant no comparison, on my honour." "All serene. Never mind, Georgo. You're all right. Folly did break you doAvn, and perhaps a little beer; but you Avere always chivalrie in its bestsenso Avhen I knew you in the old days. Well, ns women never ruined you, you can afford to bo generous, though on my word I believe you AA'Ould bo the same oven if they had." " Nonsense." "Fact" and Fitzroy returned tho compli ment by making, not ungracefully, a mock bow, Avhieh action told of latont talent invalu able in private theatricals. " Return to your angel ; though by-the-byo is quince marmalade a celestial confection, and do Iter visits correspond to her nature ? "asked Ilalliday in quiet banter. " Listen, and I'll tell you all about, it," said Fitzroy, " and the all isn't much. But feed, Avliile I yarn." Ilalliday obeyed tho injunction, performing his division of the labour by cutting off a capacious sogincnt from the damper, splitting it in twain, marmalading both portions, rc- splieing thoin sandwich fashion, and then eating thereof Avith evident satisfaction. Fitzroy pro ceeded Avith his story. " Tho ' super here, one Gideon Mitchell, ft tall, high-chooked, 11 or id kind of a. follow, a High laud inau somewhere from near Balmoral, engaged me as shepherd for Muirhead some five months ago, I had knocked down a foiv pounds at Burragutidaloo, and being ' fly blown' Avas consequently compelled to mako his terms mine. His ivero a pound a iveck, no dog, no hutkeeper, and tho privilege of 'humping-' out my oavu rations from the head station, tho latter an item entailing a ivcekly Avulk of some ten miles. However, here I came, and, as you see, bore I am. Tho flock, all bred here and avoII drilled by the last fellow in charge, turned out most manageable. Lucky, wasn't it, for I liadn't a dog, even if one bad been alloAved ? Well, tho loneliness, only broken once a Aveek by luy visit to the home station, Avherc the cook is a heathen and the housemaids so 'uppish' as to consider shep herds as belonging to a disLinct genus of far lower order in tho scale of creation than ordinary mortals, including housemaids, grew insupportable. I liadn't, a book, and my sole recreation of a literary character Avas tho perusal of the old hits of newspapers in Avhieh the conk condescended to Avrap my tea and sugar ; and Avhieh paper, mind you, avus ever scrupulously and duly included in tho ration weight. Thus does our cook, you perceive, combine charity Avitli economy, and courtesy to shepherds with strict attention to his master's interests. I passu mod ; that rug there of many and selected skins is the result, Avhieh rug, old hoy, I hope you'll stick to." Ilalliday nodded thanks, the marmalade on his moustache sufficiently indicating that it, at least, would stick to tho rug, coine ivliat would. "Toresnmo," said Georgo, after a pull at tho billy, " one day I found on tho run, a plain ribbon bracelet ot gold with a simple buckle for a clasp ; and, Ilalliday, it had on it my own crest, tho Fitzroy rampant lion, and of all initials in the ivorld, X. F." — at which piece of information Ilalliday, rather listless before, became most profoundly interested ; excitedly so, a fact shown by tho fierce quick ivay in Avhieh ho gnawed his under lip. "Yes," continued Fitzroy, "by nil that's strange, it laid X. F. on it. Xoav, Charlie, I don't believe that except my own brother, poor old Xiinones, avIio died at Delhi, any mortal Englishman oa-or had tho selfsame c.rost as ours and those selfsame initials of his. You knew my brother r" "Rather," shnvly uttered Ilalliday, "better than I ever knew you, old folloAv. Xim and IwereaAvfulehnins, especially atone time. And what is more, George, I know that bracelet too." v " The devil you do !'' " Yes. Who else so Avell ought to know it. There Avere two of them, each a facsimile of the other. One Avas Xiin's. It was buried Avitli him, at least so Molynouxof'the Artillery told mo, and he ought to be good evidence, fur he helped to lay the dear old hoy in his early grai'e ; and the other" "Well, Avhat of the other r" cried Fitzroy, Avith desperate earnestness. Halliduy's excitement had cooled doAvn so far as outward manifestation Avent. As before, he Avas apparently listless ; but not nOAV Avith the listlcssnoss of apathy, rather with that scorning lisllessnoss ' ivhicli characterises ruminants. He an.SAvered George's eagerness Avith, " Don't be impulsive. Tell me your story, and then I'll tell you mine about Xim, bracelets and other things. It strikes me rattier forcibly that avo are on the edge of a romance. Hero moisten your lips, which is. being interpreted, ivet your ivhistlo," and Ilalliday passed the bill-. " I wo days after my discovery," resumed George, "Mitchell the 'super' met me on the run. 'George,' lie cried, Mrs. Muirhead has lost a bracelet. She offers Ram pounds rcAvard for its recoA'ery. She thinks, its somewhere on your run. If you come across it let me know.' 'All right, sir;' said 1, but I didn't tell him that it was already fonud. It Avason ! the Thursday that Mitchell saw mo ; avcII, on tho Saturday evening I Avent in as usual f'or rations. I asked to see the missis (that, you know, Charlie, is the correct expression in tho culinary sphere), I avus told I couldn't have that pleasure, by tho cook, so I started home. But the housemaid, a creature of much crinoline arid more boldness, had heard mo ask tho question, and I presume told her mistress of it, for on tho next morning as C avus chewing the cud of hitter fancies beneath a Avattle, T wa s pleasantly interrupted by a SAveet ' Good morning, 1 softly spoken. Looking up, I suav Mrs. Muirhead looking superb. She wears her hair quite carelessly, you know, no net, no comb, no tomfoolery or chignon. She rides liko a lady and dresses to match. 'Good morning, madam,' I tordic-d. 'You liaA'cn't, you surely haven't, found my bracelet, George.' You observe she didn't knoAV mo by any other name than Georgo. ' Madam, I have had that great good fortune, and here it is,' and as I spoke I took it from that purse of ciifslcin which Avasthcnon luy belt. 'How to thank you I am sure I don't know. But I — I Avill bring you out the ro— reward I offered, this A'ory afternoon.' Sho said that, half hesitating-, and that hesitation avus delieiously complimentary; for I sniv that something in my manner told against tho reward. Aint avo proud beggars, Charlie, after all ?" " Don't philosophise. Stick to facts. Un- Aviiul more yarn," growled ilalliday, avIio avus fingering a capricious fugue at a mighty pace on the stool, his nails, as they struck the Avood, sounding a march Avierd and rapid enough to haA-o seiwed as music for legions of locusts bent on desolation. Fitzroy obeyed, and Avent on unwinding. " I ansAvered her pretty hesitation Avitli 'Excuso me, Mrs. Muirhcacf, but I cannot possibly take that reward.' ' What, then r ' she asked me, smiling. 'Tho permission to clasp that bracelet on your arm, and to ask of you ono question.' She Held out her arm and the bracelet, pleasantly. I put it on. Sho then said, ' Ask r " My question avus, 'This crest, madam, is it yours f ' 'No,' sho answered, ' but Avby f ' ' Because, madam, it is mine. It is the ere-- ..of my people, the Leinster Fitzroys,' at .ujig.'a information she turned very quite. Theft Very sweetly she said, 'Mr. Fitzroy, you mat/ know, or not know, a secret of mine. If you do, I helievo it to lie in the safe keeping of a gentleman. If you do not know, you will not, 1 am sure, seek to learn it. I regret,' she added, ' that a Loinstor Fitzroy should hold the relative position to 1110 of all peoplo ill the Avorld that you do. Unfortunately, I can only regret it. However, 1 can, perhaps, alleviate your dreari ness occasionally. You ivill not, perhaps, object to a visit now and then, or to a few hooks and papers. Good-bye, Mr. Fitzroy, and very many thanks.' Sho gavo mo her little gloved hand." "Which of courso you reverently kissed as became a good knight and true," remarked Halliday, not exactly interrogatively, but in a tone of'posilivo affirmation. "Well, I believe I did. Sho rod© 'off, and sinco that has frequently called, not to leave her pasteboard, but somo more substantial token of her good-ivill, a book, an English paper, preserves of her own making, or honey from her oavu hives, but ever Avith such delicacy that each thing so left Avns a treasure. Now, Charlie, loll ine Avhat you know." "Halt," cried Halliday, "you march too! quickly. First tell me all you knoiv of Mrs. Muirhead's antecedents. Miiul, know, not guess; and bo so good as to illustrate such knowledge Avith any little anecdote anent her husband or her surroundings generally. Then expect a revelation." "All I know for a certainty regarding licr antecedents is that sho has been married to her drunken stingy bruto of a husband for three years, that she has ho children, that sho avus governess at tho RaAvdons for two years previous to her marriage,, and that she had only arri\\-ed in Sydney from London two months before she engaged ivith M rs. RaAvdon. Xow, for tho illustrations. Her husband drinks hard, is a narrow-minded hound, and is, or appears to be, in tho poiver of his ' super,' t.lio boforemontioned Gideon Mitchell, who, on his part, is a beggarly, proud, empty- headed, conceited, ill-conditioned sou of a sea cook." Halliday laughed and aa'liispercd " Jealous r" " Jealous he hanged ! No ; I'm not jealous, Charlie, but it makes a IoIIoav mad to see a girl liko that in tho hands of a brutal Caliban such as Muirhead is, and subject to annoy ances from a villain like Mitchell." "Does Mitchell annoy her r" asked Ilalli day, with the air of an inquisitor-general. " Yes," Avas tho curt response, defiantly uttered, not as towards the inquisitor, but as towards the "super.". Fitzroy looked again info tho ashes ivith eyes that seemed filmed ivith a tender sad ness. His lips, though, wero close sot, and the tort nerves of his clenched hands indicated passion. He dreamed dreams not to ho realised ; though by such as hai'O 'not cast their pearls to swine capable of realisation. And is it not. this thought "of all that might liai'c been," Avhieh gives such utter biLleniess to the sadness of remorse ; to know that you might have saA'ed Lueretia if you hadn't given your strength to Phrvno ; that you might have had your manhood crowned Avith a meek and gentle Ruth if you had but kept the mystic secret of your destiny from some vile and treacherous Dalilah ? Is not this tho curso that makes memory terriblo as a two- edged sword ? Fitzroy Avas that moment reaping in full tho accursed harvest of the seeds of Foil)'. "Now, Halliday, man alive, go on;" ho roared out suddenly. And Halliday, avIio had been giving him full swing fur harvest work, spoko oil this Aviso: "Just after tho Crimean aa'ar, your brother Xim Avns stationed at DoA'er, Avhere I happened to bo spending a fcAV days. Wo of courso ronoAvod our ancient school intimacy. Ho cottoned to mo some, as tho Yankees have it; in fact for the time avo avci-o inseparable, that is during tho day, at such hours as he I Avas off duty, which avus almost always. At ' night ho became iimsible, not only to me, but j to his brother officers, since lie never dined ut ! mess. One day, however, he asked me if I 1 could spare an evening hour or so to show tho j spirit of Rossini to 'a fair lady avIio adored j music. I answered ' Yes ;' and then lie iold ! mo that a young girl did him the honour of ; accepting his protection. Of course non- ( attendance at mess, absence from the eonvcti- I tional tea-fight, and all that neglect of social I whito chokerism which had frightened the ' Dover matronry, was accounted for. T, us my sceptical Avont is, took his words 'accom plished, lovely, and all that,' cum i/rano, Avitli many i/ranos I may say; for that's always a j man's song Avlieu he thinks he possesses the ' one incomparable she ; be that she chaste us a j Spitzborgen grandmother or vice versa. But ! Avhen I suav Xim's sla-. I Avas agreeably dis- j appointed to find a lovely woman, charming, I ladylike, and in demeanour perfectly modest ' and refined ; anil yet I found out afterwards | her antecedents ivero shocking. I avus at that ! time in great force, ivitli all my Oxford musical j honours fresh upon me, and I not onli' could ' play, hut that night did play to the dciight of ' Xim and the transported Avonder of his iriend. j This sounds like a'unity, hut it is not so. I often went after that. Xim told, me she had reformed him, though I imagine ii w is quite : as much the oilier way if all ivero k„ .wn. I , mean, that he to a great extent reformed her ; j that he lived ivitli her within his means ; that' j ho had paid off many debts, and that ho had i given up play of all kinds. I suggested ! marriage. To my surprise, ho said that : to that ho could not persuade her. At | lust came the time of farewells. Before ; leaving Dover, 1 gave each of them a bracelet ; j on his .13. E. 13. for Blanche and E. for Evolegh, j on hers X. F. X. for Ximenes and F. for Fitzroy, i ivitli your crest and motto. They ivero strange | gifts, but it was one of my freaks ; and a good ! many fellows ivero then fools enough to wear j bracelets, as of courso you remember. Since that day I have lioi'er seen gifts or recipients. ! But that your angelic dispenser of marmalade is Xim's Blanche is evident. Is it not so r — and now, ivliat about Fate, and the sisters three ? Eh, Georgo r Xim ! Elaiieho ! You ! I ! England, Delhi, Australia ; a shepherd's hut, ruined fortunes, a stricken battle field, a bloody grave, a drunken husband ! Are not these strangely assorted threads in the mystic ivoof out- destiny so ivildly iveavos ? Poor old Xim! he's probably best off of all. May God have mercy on his soul. I think I've got the ague," and Halliday shii-ered liko a poplar. -W Fitzroy got -up and paced up and doivn out side tho hut ; hoping to cool his brain bv bathing his forehead in the moonlight ; soon, however, to he recalled in by the low soft notes of a ivizard unearthly melody bv means of ivhicli Halliday seemed to bo holding con- a'cr.so ivitli his demon. Again tho hut became a theatre, again the actors played their parts, again ivas Filzroyi audience, absorbed and raj it. To tho music succeeded silence, a deep silence of deeper thought ; the kind of time ivhen one dues believe in ghosts. Not. oh scientific reader, in your Goek-luue or turnip, headed, tnlloiv-cancllu-eyed, riistie-made ghost, but iu the creed, reasonable, probable, and pos sible that spirit can speak ivitli spirit, despite separation by space or death : "AO visual shade of somo 0110 lost, Buthe the spirit himself may come Whore all the nerve of sense is dumb, .Spirit to Spirit, Ghost to Ghost." Did mothers who had loved, or sisters ivlio had almost ivorshipped, hover over in agony of sadness the gifted, squandered souls of those sillers by tho hearth 011 that night of revela tions ? Who shall say '! Halliday ivas an Oxford bachelor of music. When twenty ho had been bequeathed a large fortune by a ivealthy godfather, ivhicli a few years of vice, spent a la mode in every Euro pean capital, had sufficed to scatter. On reach ing the then supposed nadir of his luck ho had emigrated to find, as hundreds of others have found, iu this southern hemisphere, a deeper, fouler nadir, the nadir in fact; for science that insists 011 only 0110 will frown if avo seem (0 insinuate tho possibility of tivo. That nadir Avhieh Charles reached ivas the bottom of tho slough of drunkenness. He couldn't ivork and ivould drink. Perhaps the most impcrjecl tenso of tho potential mood oi'er hit 011 by gram marian or other, that last sentence contains. A sontciico very suggestive of loafcrism. It ivas a groat pity ! He had in his sober mo ments (which perforce camo upon him at times), as correct a notion of tho eternal fit ness of things ns most 111011 ; hut he ivould not hammer out those notions into fact upon the ani'il of his will. Ho kncivivell enough, none better, that of all devil's ivork 011 this earth tho prostitution of tho immortal soul to the baso behests of a base corruption is tho most devilish. And yet ho did it, and did it ivell. So ivoll, too, that the devil never cared to personally interfere. Tho day is past for cash bargains ivitli tho fiend. Souls can he got cheaper. And the elderly Nicholas, to ivhom ivo may reasonably supposo that Iloylc's rules are perfectly familiar, never by any clianco trumps his partner's trick; .ivliich circumstance, to my mind, accounts most satisfactorily for Fausts being now-a-duys so searco. Faust's price wasyoulliand fortune, tjiceu by Mophislophelcs : that of many others, in thuso piping shoddy times, is frequently hut one poor nobbier paid for by themselves; a proceeding which oven, non-teetotallers may perceive as being highly beneficial to the Satanic treasury. Ilalliday ivas almost past hoping for. But ivlio can measure the 'almost!' Will you, Boanerges Gheesoinan ? Perhaps you had best not ; for though you are great on platforms and mighty at tea meetings, there are .other books besido your ledgers, other measures besides sectarian yardivands, and other judges than circuit stewards or sleek churehivardens. Mind ynu, my friend Ghoeseman ivould never own that JIaliiduy (if lie know him) ivas past hoping for. Oh, no ! hut yet ho ivould act exactly ns if he imagined that he ivas. Reader, do you knoiv Gheescman. Fitzroy was younger son of a- noble family. His eldest and only surviving brother didn't correspond with him ; did in fact disown him. As has been shoivn, lie had lost his other brother, Nimenes (so called after a Spanish grandee, their mother's relative). With his only sister, ivlio ivas ivell married, George kept up a vague kind of correspondence. He ivould sometimes ivrilo and send an address ; but beforo an answer could come tho sent address had been changed, perhaps a dozen times. Her lettors, in reply to his, camo t.oiv and -then to hand, and tho hour of tlioir rcceipt ivas ever a time of good resolutions, ai'hich sometimes before the next hour were j unceremoniously dispersed. Gei irndo Ainslie 1 dearly loved her brother ; but then ivliat ran be done for a man ivho ivou't help himself; ivlio ui'ails himself of friendly assistance only j to get deeper into the miro and ivho utterly i ignores the value of money, the considerations , of prudence and tho harshest, bitterest lessons ol experience. Mrs. Ainslie in all her letters ; said tiiat she novel- dwelt 011 the past which ! George had made very dark indeed for till his j friends by his utter reeklessnessofextravaganee and debt ; that by her. if by none else, it was | nil forgotten and forgiven ; and that she only j longed for the time ivhen sho could receii'c a letter saying that sho might begin to build a little fit i urc castle on some tangible foundation. George (with all his faults), in such mailers, ivas truthful ; and so that letter never canto to gladden Ilis sister's heart, which sick ivitli hope deferred ivaited for it, earnestly, yearn ingly, as only ivomen's hearts can wait, in prayerful patience. Such ivero the tenants of the ynu yah. The silence ivliich had reigned for many minutes was suddenly brought to a close by Halliday remarking, " I think there's going to he a crisis of some kind," in a tone by 110 means speculative iu its manner ; for ho it observed tones have manner. The tone ivas dogmatic rather; or perhaps ' pythonic' ivould betler iiulicato its oracular character. And he ivas right. This story ivould never have been selected for record if some kind of crisis bad not then been about to happen. I11 fact, it is only crises that deserve record, though all are not equally ivorthy or equally sensational. There is nothing particularly sensational (of the grand style) to he observed j by the general public ivhen rustic Corydon i quietly and hushfully asks red-armed Phyllis j to make him happiest of all ploughmen, sho j the ivhile chopping stiet. lor tho .Sunday pud- | ding, and he. may be, greasing- his boots 011 tho settle by her side ; and yet 'tis a crisis to j Phyllis, and may prove also one quite sensa tional enough to honest Corydon. ere honey- , moon bo tied. 'Tis out of such plain materials j that true poets mould their "idyls oi' the \ \ hearth," which, though humble, aro sensational, j j But ns tonjovrs pcnlri.e palls, cayenne it as you 1 ! ivili, so it doesn't do always to lie takipg tho i humdrum domesticities for story making, j | Rather it is Aviso to leave them aside lor j j aivhile, and to take a few skeins of the exeep- tional ivherewith to iveavo. All great actions ; are exceptional. " How far-fetched is such or | I snob an incident," exclaims a critic, pointing j out ivhat his oav1-scii.su deems to be impro- bablo. because it is exceptional. Far-fetched is a great word ivith Smel fungus. Everything not down to the temelfungus calibre is tnr- fefched. Consequently many things are far- j I fetched. The account of David's light ivitli ! Goliah is far- fetched in his idea. He doubts heroic Sydney's refusal of water a Iter Zutphen, because utterly exceptional to all habits of thought held by himself, ivitli ivhom charity vorilv begins and ends at homo. Noiv, bo it observed, 1 am not seeking to frame excuses j for sensationalism ; for, where if is not mor- I hid, it requires them not.' I am merely : remarking that had it not been for an ' exceptional crisis having actually transpired, | this story would never have been ivtjtieu. j "1 think there's .going to be a crisis of somo j kind," nans ITallieay's remark ; but it drew i nothing from George beyond, "Weil, I think 1 shall turn in," ivliich domestic arrangement he avus about to carry into immediate execution , in that summary manner ivliich is currentlv ; supposed to bo peculiarly characteristic of a trooper's horse, when all bed thoughts ivero entirely put. to flight, though it was long past, midnight, by llalliday's seizure of tho flutina . and rapid performance thereon of a swil'r j tarantaila kind of a tune which ivould have \ been merry had it not, been so hideously j marred by mocking devilry. In the midst of the tune, there camo upon | their curs, above the litusic, a heavy, dull, i sudden, tramping sound, ivliich Halliday mis took for thunder, lnifc ivhicli Georgo Irom experieneo recognised as his sheep rushing in their yard. tie ran out to find out what the matter ivas, and to His unutterable astonish ment ivas greeted by Mrs. Muirhard (alone, pale, and on foot), ivitli, " Oh Mr. Fitzroy, help 1110 to escape." (To be continual J 