' cnmsiinnkflct. 1 t THE NOVELTIES OF ROMANISM. While the Church of Rome has for its motto always the same, and appeals to antiquity for the incorruptible nature of its doctrines, perhaps there is no Church which has departed further from anti- quity, and introduced more novelties into its worship, and so fulfilled the prophetic language of St. Paul, "in departing from tho faith and giving Iiced to seducing spirits, and the doctrines of the devil. " In fact, the . Church of Rome lives on new wonders, revelations of saints, visions, miracles, grand festivals, theatrical exhi bitions, and new dogmas — the latest being the immaculate conception of the Virgin Mary. The coat of Treves was patched up somewhat before this, and the worship of the Sacred Heart, the frontice- piece of which, represents a heart pierced through with a cross ; the sacrifice of the mass, transubstantiation, in short, a whole catalogue of devices of novel dogmas and of sights. No players ever possessed so inventive a mind to keep up the excite ment of the people to assent to super natural powers, as popes and cardinals, priests and nuns, have made themselves remarkable for; and, what is singular is, that the very dogmas which were at first rejected, after being suffered to work their way on the human mind, so that the first doubts have been removed by familiarity, have subsequently been adopted and pronounced orthodox by the Church. We suppose, on the principle, that on constantly repeating a lie, it is at length adopted as truth. : We take the marvellous dogmas of Transubstantiation as one of these dogmas. When first broached, it was rejected and opposed, but at length it became a doctrine of the Church, not to be denied, under the penalty of being accursed. This dogmas was first broached by Ratberius, Bishop of Verona, who was more than once or twice imprisoned, and, at length, quarrelling with his clergy, he retired into France and founded there several Abbies. He wrote several works, and amongst them, " he vigorously maintained the change of the bread and wine into the body and blood of Jesus Christ in the Eucharist," in the 8th or 9th century." — Dupin. At this time, there were clergy in England, who maintained that the bread and wine on the altar continued the same, and were only figures of the ibody of Christ. This, however, was refuted by a miracle, while Rathorius and other ab bots held to the doctrine of the change of the bread into'fhe Body of Christ, but were rebutted by Alpock, Archbishop of Can terbury; Eriger, Abbot of Lobbes ; and ;the celebrated Johannes Scotus, an Irish man, the wonder of the ago, of whose book the French King, Charles the Bold, approved. It was not till the lapse of three centuries that in the Lateran Coun- cil the dogma was established by a posi tive and final enactment, so that this dogma, which now Romanists are required to believe at the risk of damnation, was actually floating about for near three cen turies, the Infallible Church being doubt ful about its reception, just as the dogma of the Immaculate Conception which was first introduced at the feast of the concep tion; 1476, but was opoosed by St. Ber nard, embraced by Scotus, opposed by the Dominicans, pronounced by the faculty of Paris as a " pious opinion." " At length the Council of Basil defined it as an article of faith, but not being an (Ecuminical Council the decision was not received. At length, to stop these discussions of the Qdeen of Heaven, who surely could have instructed the Church on the matter so 'dearly affecting herself. Sextus the IV. forbade, on pain of - excommunication, any further discussion either as to her being with or without fin, leaving the Virgin's condition "an ' open question." — Dupin. So that for centuries, until the present Pope's decree, whether Mary, so univer sally! worshipped, is Immaculate or born in sin has- been another floating dogma of the Infallible Church. ' Of the dogma of Transubstantiation it was rather a severe' sarcasm .of Averroes, the Arabian philosopher; that he had seen many people, but none so sottish as Chris tians; who devour thb God they worship ; and- who, said the Roman orator, so de- mented) us to believe what he eats to be God;! or further that the priest . converts created matter into the uncreate and then eats him ? Father- Flinn, who' landed in the colony, then a penal settlement, and was sent home, he having no authority from the home Government, left a conse crated wafer for the faithful to worship in a house on Church Hill. How this wafer was protected from corruption, which is acknowledged to happen to the wafer by the Church, we have not been ab'e to learn, hut the admission of the corrupti bility of the wafer if rightly transmuted is a clear proof of the fraud of the dogma, inasmuch as one of the distinguishing characteristics of the Saviour's body was that tho Holy One could not see corrup tion ; his body never saw corruption, and now is incorruptible being changed and spiritualized as a; glorious body. Tho dogma of the Church of Rome, as laid down in Pope Pius' Creed, is, " thai in the most holy Sacrifice of the Eucharist there is truly, really, and sub stantially, the Body and Blood, together with the Soul and Divinity, of our Lord Jesus, and that there is made a conversion of the whole substance of the wine into the Blood, which conversion the Catholic Church calls Transubstantiation." Then the Canon says, " whosoever shall deny that the Most Holy Sacrament of the Eucharist there are truly, really, substan tially contained the Blood and the Body of our Lord J esus Christ, together with His Soul and Divinity, and constantly an entire Christ, but shall affirm that He is present therein only in a sign or figure, or by His power, let him be accursed.'' The Douay Catechism teaches the same doctrine. " The Eucharist is the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ, true God and true Man, under the outward forms of bread and wine. Christ is present truly, really, substantially, by a real conversion and change of the whole substance of bread and wine into the whole substance of the Body and Blood of Christ." And this change is effected by the prayers of the priest, who, nevertheless, should he have no intention, the change does not take place, so that the Divinity of Christ is at the will of the priest, who not merely brings Christ to be present where He was not before, or that he substantiates Christ in the place of the bread and wine, but converts the substance of bread and wine into the substance of Christ's Body and Blood ; and yet more, he converts the material bread and. wine into an imma terial soul, and not only that, but converts the creature into the Creator, converts mere perishing matter which we can eat, burn into ashes, and which mice, rats, and other reptiles eat into an intelligent snirit. even into the Eternal God — So that an un thinking wafer destitute of life, that cannot move nor perform,- no more than a stone, any function of vitality, is changed into Him who declared that all power is given Him in earth and heaven ; whom angels, as pure spirits worship; — who is the light and intelligence of the. universe. A young woman told the writer that once the wafer adhered to her tongue and she used her fingers to release it;, the priest, noticing this profanation, rebuked her with great severity. Under this belief the consecrated wafer is prayed to — " 0 saving host who openeth the door of heaven, give me strength and power against danger and all my enemies. Grant that my seul may always live upon thee, and that thou mayest always taste sweet unto me," and so the priest as soons as he consecrates, the wafer falls down on his knees before it, as if he was adoring God. Then he elevates the host, tinkles the mass beli, and the people fall down on their knees and bend their heads to the earth." Well may we apply to this unthinking, unseeing, shapeless piece of paste, the language of the Psalmist as to idols— " Eyes have they and see not, ears and hear not, mouths and speak not, and those who have made them are like unto them." Surely the people who worship this decay ing, senseless piece of matter, cannot have very exalted notions of the Godhead, yet millions are led astray by this black heinous delusion. We may ask .whet is tbe difference be tween the Reformed Churches and tbe Church of Rome 1 Seeing the Church of England speaks of eating the Body and Blood of Christ ija the Lord's Supper, and the Church of Scotland, in the. larger Catechism, says — " That, they ,, . that worthily communicate in the ' sacrament of . the Lord's Supper do therein feed upon the Body and Blood cf tlhrist, not af ter a temporal or carnal1/ but a spiritual manner they that wittingly communi cate feed upon His Body and Blood' to' their spiritual nourishment and growth m grace, and have their union and commu nion with Him confirmed. And farther, : in the Directory for Public Worship — " So to feed upon Him that , He may be one with us, and we one with Him, that: he may be in us and we in Him." - The wide difference is that the Romanist believes in the :corporeal presence of Christ, His body, His blood, &c.;, while the Reformed Churches believe in His real presence according to His promise — " Where two or three are met together in my name, I am in the midst of them," and again — " Lo I am with you always even to the end of the earth." It is real intercourse and fellowship, for truly our fellowship is with the Father, and with His Son Jesus Christ, (John), And in full confidence of the fulfilment - of our Savour's prayers, John, xvii c. there is an incorporation aud union such as exists between man and wife — mar riage having a mystical representation of Christ and His Church, he being the bead, and they the members of his body. The Church of England especially in her article, repudiates Transubstantiation — " or the change of the substance of bread and wine in the Supper of the Lord cannot be proved by Holy Writ, but is repugnant to the plain words of Scripture, overthroweth the nature of a Sacrament, and hath given occassion to much superstitution." The Body of Christ is given and taken, and eaten in the Supper only, after an heavenly and spiritual manner; aud we mean where by the body of Christ is received and eaten in the Supper is faith." The Sacrament of the Lord's Supper is not by Christ's ordinance received, carried about, lifted up, or worshipped. And so the Presbyterian Church in like manner explains the sense of her language — "a spiritual nourishment to be taken in a spiritual manner. Yet truly and really while by faith they receive and apply unto themselves, Christ Crucified, and all the benefits of His death." And this language is truly scriptural, for he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, catcth and drinketh damnation to them selves; not discerning the Lord's body. How is the Lord's body discerned ? A material body is discerned by the sense. Is Christ's body so discerned in the Eucharist ? No. We are told that it is spiritually discerned — discerned by faith, which does not require tbe real presence of its object. It is the evidence of things not seen, ".so the foolish Galations were bewitched before whose eyes J esus Christ had been evidently set forth as Crucified ; although they never really saw him Cruci fied, except by faith ; and so apostates ' trample under foot the Son of Him" ' — not literally, hut spiritually. John's Gospel abounds with strong similitudes and metaphorical expressions, thus in vi. chap., of John, our Saviour describes himself as the true bread that came down from Heaven, and his hearers catch up the phraseology and exclaim, " Lord ever more give us that bread." Then our Saviour enters upon the sub ject of faith, the Jews deny his being the bread, he was only the son of Joseph. Our Saviour varies the figure and says, the bread I will give is my flesh , and de clares, "except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you." To these declarations , often repeated, seeing the Disciples were offended, ho explains that he was speaking spiritually, that the flesh profiteth no thing ; " the words I speak unto you are spiritual and they are life." So, the Church of England uses these words under the highest authority and in imitation of that authority says — " to be our Spiri tual food and sustenance in that Holy Sacriament and calls upon the recipients to examine themselves before .they pre sume to eat of that bread or drink of that cup, &c.;, for then we spiritually eat the flesh of Christ and drink His blood." While in administering the bread and wine tbe minister says — " Take and eat this (this bread) in remembrance that Christ died for thee, and feed on Him in thy heart by faith." To the cup " this " (cup). Here the Sacrament is declared to be commemorative of the death of Christ, . not a sacrifice of tbe corporal body, as in Popish Mass, where it is declared " that in the Mass is offered to God a true, proper, and propitiatory sacrifice for the living and ' for the dead;" an unbloody sacrifice .in opposition to the bloody sacrifice of the cross :; - the Mass is . a Sacrifice,, therefore, ' by which sin is expiated." r—ln the Ohurch- of England" there is no" «1tar; i; allowed The expressions; " holy table/' andpfthis communion table" may be plaoedin any part of the Church and is to bo/ covered .with a plain' linen cloth j " the table; shall stand in the body of the Church or in tho chancel," &c.;, (rubric) Tfh'ile the cup, which is refused to the laity in the Roman Catholic Church, is given to each, ' and every one of ' the com municants. So the Homilies, while they use much the same language-— " That the comtriunion of the Body and Blood of Christ in a marvellous incorporation, of the ' Holy Ghost, through faith in the souls of the faithful, and further says — to covet after the bread not regarding the terrene and earthly creatures which re main, and clfeaving by faith to the rock," we receive not only the outward sacrament, but the spiritual also ; not the figure, but the truth; not only the shadow, but the body. ; It is well to know that the meat ire seek for in this supper is spiritual food, the nourishment of our souls, heavenly Tefection and not earthly, an invisible meat and not bodily, a ghostly substance and not carnal without faith, &c; it is but- a dream, a gross carnal feeding basely ahjectiiig and- bending ourselves to the elements' and the creature." The distinc tion' is here clearly drawn between " the gross carnal feeding" of the Roman Ca- thplic and the spiritual feeding of the Reformed Churches. In the visitation of the; sick, when the patient can't receive the communion, he is assured if he truly repenrs and has faith he doth eat and' drink the Body and Blood of our Lord Jcsgs Christ profitably to his soul's health, &c.; In other words that he communi cates with Christ by faith, although he does not communicate with the Church or bod of believers. Cardinal Wiseman, in hi3 lecture, tries to twist the words in St. John's Gospel as proof of the corporeal or carnal eating of Christ; as is the doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church, that the bread and wine are made flesh and blood, and actually con verted into Deity. But the eating there spoken; of lias nothing to do with the Eucharist, as that eating secures eternal life, as expressed in the Visitation of the Sick ; for St. Paul assures ns that the sacrament may be takeu to our damnation. This act further involves our dwelling in Christ, and He in us, which, when taken corporeally, cannot be ; while this eating is expressly identified with foith. in the Atonement, verse 47 ; in fact, the sacra ment was not then instituted, and, there fore, this could not be an exposition of what did not exist. Tb<\- Cardinal attacks the Church for her vacillation on this subject no doubt. As the Reformers merged more and more out of the darkness of Romanism, they saw clearer and clearer the truth. Cran- mer held Transubstantiation for along time, and others. It was the last Popish error ingrafted into their souls that they gave up, and so, consequently, they .amended, according to their light, the carly prnyers and articles of the Church io a cleaf rejection of the corporeal pre.ience and the change or conversion of the elements. The Cardinal refers to the different opinions of Church divines. He had better look at- home. But the Church of Plngland's article clearly states that we arcnot bound to the opinons of either bishops or clergy. If they speak not according to the oracles of God it is be-' cause- there is no light in them, "for Ho'iy Scripture containeth all things necessary' to salvation, so that whatsoever 5s not 'read therein, nor may be proved thereby/is riot required of any man that it should be believed as an article of faith, or he 'thought requisite to salvation.' We do not surrender iip our judgment implicitly to the teaching of ministers, knowing that they arc but men ; , but, as the Bereans did with the Apostles, cxamitie the Scriptures whether these things be so. False prophets existed in the time of Our Saviour; false teachers exist how in every Church, and what is the Apbstolic rule : " Beloved, believe not every spirits, but try the spirits whether they are of God, because many false prophets are gone out into the world," &c.; Wherefore we say let God he true;, hut every man a liar ; or, in other words, let ns adhere to God's Truth, although it may prove men to be liars. How thankful we should be'that there "is committed unto us the' oracles of God." The doctrine of Romanism is an impossibility, for Christ's Body is1 riot flesh and blood how but a glorified body j for flesh and blood, cannot enter heaven; while';, on the other hand, the doctrine leads to the worst kind of eanibaliemy afe'which the Jews revolted when .they misapprehended Christi; (John;, vi! 160.). Savages eat, the bodieaoftheir enemies, but here Christians would eat the flesh of their dearest friend, " devour God-Man as He, exists, exalted; immortal, and glorious " in heaven. . - - s. 