SATURDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1860. Mr MACPHERSON, Mr. M'KEAN, and Mr. J. T. SMITH, have all been re-elected by considerable majorities, and their success throws some light upon the present state of political feeling in the colony. When Mr. M'CULLOCH was turned out of office, his friends were loud in their complaints, and they predicted that an offended country would rise up en masse to avenge the indignity to which their favourite rulers had been subjected. The members of the new Ministry were speeiallymarkeddown for reproach and contumely, and the more fervid among the M'Cullochites confidently predicted that when they came forward for re- election they would get such a reception as would drive them back into the obscurity of private life, 1st fl 'li!, I ) K , i : t- <? to remain there during the few remain- ing years of their useless lives. How different are the facts ! Except Mr. REEVES, no other member of Mr. MAC- PHERSON Government has been rejected by the constituency to which he ap- pealed and subsequent events have shown that Mr. VALE'S triumph in Collingwood was a mere eccentricity, for which no reason could be adduced, and which gave no indication as to the probable course of future events. Mr. VALE was elected for no better reason than that he had no claim, upon the confidence of the public, in the peculiar circumstances under which the Collingwood election took place," and Mr. REEVES was rejected because a foolish tJ) supporter made a silly speech about < " breaking the back of the tyrannical " mob." The contest between Messrs. BEEVES and VALE taught no other lesson except that the Loyal Liberals of Collingwood are weak and wilful, and the result of the succeeding contests shows that their absurd example had no effect upon the public mind. If anything were wanted to give emphasis to the lesson which the Dundas, the Maryborough, and the West Bourke elections are so well calculated to teach, it is to be found in the extraordinary exertions which were made by Mr. G. P. SMITH and his friends to make them serve their own political ends. Not content with putting up candidates of their own in the districts contested, they sent special agents into the country to work upon the feelings of the electors, and obtain their support for the opposition candidates. Not to speak of more obscure touters on behalf of Mr. M'CULLOCH, Mr. G. P. SMITH stumped West Bourke on his behalf, while Mr. GRANT performed similar services in Ripon and Hampden, and in Maryborough. But they were both rebuffed in the most pointed and unceremonious manner. Mr. SMITH was scarcely permitted to open his lips in presence of the electors, and Mr. GRANT could only obtain a hearing by making hypocritical professions of friendship for Mr. M'KEAN, whose election he had gone all the way from Melbourne to Maryborough to oppose. It has not often happened that the exigencies of political warfare have necessitated such a sacrifice of personal dignity as the late Minister of Lands and the late Attorney-General have submitted to during these elections. Having been fairly beaten in Parliament, the members of the M'Culloch Ministry might have left their successors in office to fight their own battle before the constituencies, calmly abiding the result, but they preferred to take an active part in the contest, thereby confessing the weakness of their own position. That the new men should have regained so many seats in the face of such an opposition, is the best possible proof that the public desired a change of rulers and if we admit that Mr. MACPHERSON and his colleagues do not form a very strong Administration, their success in the con- stituencies becomes all the more significant as a popular protest against the prolongation of Mr. M'CULLOCH'S rule. The re-election of the new Ministers, and the miscarriage of Mr. GRANT'S and Mr. G. P. SMITH'S stumping expeditions, prove that the popularity of the M'Cul- loch Ministry was altogether hollow and factitious. If it had rested on any solid foundation, it could not have evaporated so quickly. Had the public really approved of Mr. M'CULLOCH'S system of government, and held himself and his colleagues in esteem, their successors would not have been so well received by the country as they have been. But the truth is, that Mr. M'CULLOCH has long been maintained in office by the corrupt support of persons who traded upon his friendship, or hoped to do so, and his power was no sooner gone from him than their enthusiasm on his behalf entirely disappeared. The recent stumping experiences of Mr. GRANT and Mr. G. P SMITH are the best possible proof of this. Had the former been still Minister of Lands when he made his appearance in the Maryborough district, last week, he would not have had to beg a hearing as a favour from the electors, but would have been filed and courted, and taken round the country in buggies, as befitted one who had landed property to give away to his friends. In the same way, Mr. G. P. SMITH would have been received with open arms at Bacchus Marsh if he had still been privileged to make magistrates of his admirers, and instead of drown- ing his voice with interruptions and laughter, an appreciative public would have treasured up his every word, and applauded him to the echo. The great body of the electors is neither self- seeking nor corrupt, but there is a considerable number of them who have no higher political aspirations than to make something out of their votes. This class has long been Mr. M'CULLOCH'S main support, and the readiness with which they fly horn him in the hour of his adversity should teach future Victorian administrators to seek a sounder foundation for their popularity. However the regaining elections may go, the thing called McCulloch is has already received a blow from which it will probably never wholly recover, and the secret workings of the M'Culloch system of government have been so fully exposed as to prevent the public from ever again falling under the dominion of a similar delusion. Our National Gymnasium is still in a precarious condition, on the eve of being driven from its present situation, where it stands in the way of the mint, and with no other site on which to place itself. Notice has been given, we understand, by the Government that it must be removed hythe 16th inst,, and the question is, whither is it to go 1 Like poor JOE, in Bleak House, it is peremp-") torily ordered to " move on by the authorities, and is in similar r^r plexity as to the direction to be taken. Shall it be torn in pieces, and huddled away in some Government Store till it rots 1 Do we care so little about the physical training of our people as to suffer that barbarism to be enacted? If not, there is certainly little time to be lost in providing a site for the perplexed establishment. The immediate settlement of the t difficulty rests with the City Council, 3 ' i J ' , or any of i and as at the quarterly meeting to-day it is competent for any member to bring forward business without previous notice, we are hopeful that the necessary steps may be taken to allow the gymnasium to go on its useful way rejoicing. Application to the council has been made by the Board of Education for the tempo- rary occupancy of a piece of ground situated in Victoria-parade, between the Central Common Schools and the Carlton-gardens. This is an admirable" position for the purpose, equally accessible from Melbourne and its most populous suburbs, and immediately adjoining the institution where the common school teachers of the ce>$,7 acquire their training. There service houses in proximity to it to be inconvenienced by the gymnastic performances, and the ground, although fenced in, is at present only tenanted by disconsolate weeds and forlorn aboriginal trees. Pieces of land in a line with this have been lent by the corporation for the delectation of a few players at bowls, and it surely is not asking too much that the temporary use of this shall be permitted for a purpose which, although not appreciated as it deserves, is yet generally recognised to be a valuable one. We trust that the council will not lose this opportunity of conferring a great boon on the city and the whole of the colony. Of course it could not grant the land to the Board of Education ; its permissive use is all that is required; but this is needed at once. Is it too much to expect that red tape and circumlocution shall on this occasion be set aside, and promptitude be made an " order of the day "1 So enviable an opportunity of doing a great good at a nominal cost does not often occur, and ought to be seized with avidity. If the Board of Education is allowed to erect a respectable gymnasium on this site, the whole of the teachers trained under its auspices will be enabled to perfect themselves in physical as well as mental acquirements, and will become missionaries . of muscular development to the youth of the colony. The education of the body will receive its proper share of attention at our common schools, and will, doubtless, meet with substantial recognition from the state coffers. Moreover, those members of the community who have passed out of the range of school teachings will, either as volunteers or as private citizens, be assured of the continuance of an in stitution where they can obtain those well-regulated and systematic! exercises which are ordinarily of more value to poor bephyaicked humanity than all the pharmacopoeia of medicine. Four Ministers have already been returned, and, therefore, for the future we shall, perhaps, be spared a repetition of the foolish assertion that trip Ministry would never be able to meet Parliament, in consequence of a majority of the members being rejected by their late constituents, Mr. J. T. Smith at "West Bourke has secured a majority of 40, and Mr. Macpherson at Dundas is in a majority of 163. There is a small return to come in, but it cannot possibly alter the matter. The result of these elections proves beyond a doubt the utter un truthfulness of the statements which have been so industriously circulated relative to the manner in which it was alleged Ministers have been received and treated. The elections for Crowlands, Villiers and Heytesbury, and Ripon and Hampden, take place to- day. Mr. Bayne's return is considered doubtful, , but the friends of Mr. Longmore and Mr. MacDonnell are very confident as to the te- i suit. The revenue returns of the colony of Victoria, for the three, nine, and twelve months ending the 30th of September last, are published in last night's Government Gazette. Compared with the preceding year, there is an increase on all three periods. That on the quarter amounts to £101,60312s. 3d. that on the nine months to £267,101 8s. 2d. and that on the year, to £396,439 -Is. 6d. Taking the year, the increase in customs amounts to £153,782 7s. 2d. in the territorial revenue, to £141,479 18s. in the railway income, to £47,906 8s. 7d. on water supply, to £8,236 9s. 3d. in the electric telegraph department, to £2,74511s. 5d. on tonnage, to £3.082 3s. and on postage, to £8,995 17s. 6d. Analysing the Customs returns, we find that towards the increase, spirits contributed £37,956 19s. 5d.; wharfage rates, £18,423 13s. 3d. and all other duties,' £94,899 5s. 3d. "With the solitary exception of pastoral occupation there is an increase in every item which appears under the head of Territorial Revenue." The decrease on that one account amounts to £11,396 7s. The increases on the other items are as follow: Sales by auction, £101,6414s. 5d.; rents and selections, £32,800 Os, 9d.; rents and licences, £8,298 8s. 9d,; miners' rights, £2,499 0s. 1d.; business licences, £763 10s.; leases of auriferous and mineral lands, £6,680 7s. 6d.; and water-right and searching licences, £94 14s. 2d. Taking the returns as a whole they are more satisfactory than they have been for some time past, and they appear to indicate that the colony is gradually recovering from the depression into which, by unwise legisla- tion, it was so wantonly thrust. Tenders for the execution of certain works to be done in the formation of the aqueduct between Castlemaine and Malmsbury were sent in yesterday to the Board of Land and Works. Mr. Steavenson, who was the only member of the Board present, announced, however, that, in consequence of a message which had been received from one of the members of the Government, the ton ders would not be opened until Tuesday next. The tenders seven in number wore then placed in a sealed envelope and given into the custody of Mr. Brough Smyth, secretary for mines. Preliminary steps for the establishment of communication between Williamstown and Sandridge, by means of a punt, are about to be taken. A vote of £1,000 was passed at the commencement of the session for the construction of the necessary abutments and in compliance with the request of a deputation from the Borough Councils of Emerald hill, Sandridge, and Williamstown, the Commissioner of Public Works promised yesterday to have tenders invited forthwith. The money already voted will not be sufficient for more than one of the abutments, and to complete this portion of the work another grant of equal amount will be required. A deputation from the Fitzroy Borough Council, consisting of the mayor (Mr. Rushall Councillors Delbridge and Scotchmer, and v Mr. Gilchrist, town clerk, had an inter- A view yesterday with the Commissioner i of a Public Works, for the purpose of , asking that a pipe might be laid down - along the Heidelberg-road to connect the new and old Yan Yean mains, with the view of supplying North Fitzroy with water. Mr. Reeves said he was well aware of the necessities of the locality, but, unfortunately, his predecessor had made very large promises to meet which no provision had been made, and until an additional vote was obtained there were really no means for the extension of the water supply. After some conversation, in which it was stated that Mr, McCrae had promised that these pipes should be laid down before the summer, Mr. Reeves. undertook to recommend to his colleagues that a sum should he placed on the Supplementary Estimates, in order to extend water supply to this and other districts which were in need of it. In another column will be found an account of a visit lately paid by the Health Committee of the City Council to the Yan Yean reservoir and its sources, with a view of personally investigating the cause of the alarms recently given, that the Yan Yean waters were being systematically polluted. It will be seen that although there is no occasion for any very strong feeling on the subject, there exists causes of complaint that should be at once removed. It would appear indeed that no remedy has been applied to the evil which a Parliamentary committee loudly complained of nine years since, and which the Legislative Assembly solemnly resolved should be removed. We have our files from the Mauritius to the 25th August, and from Adelaide to the 6th inst. The intelligence contained in them is, however, of an uninteresting character. In the appeal case of Sellars v. Salters, heard yesterday at the County Court, before his Honour Judge Pohlman, the appellant, who is the well-known member of the prize-ring, sought to have quashed or reduced a maintenance order for £1 weekly, awarded by the City Bench to the respondent, his wife, from whom he has been separated for some time. The ground of the application was, that the order was excessive Some little evidence was goncinto,afterwhichhisHonourconfi.rmedtho order withers. costs. JFuller v. Sharpe was an action to recover £0, balance of a month's salary. The defendant is the proprietor of a music-hall at Sandridge, and had engaged the plaintiff and his wife, the former as a character singer and the latter as a danseuse, for a month, at £3 a week. After a few nights' trial, however, they were found not up to the requirements of the establishment, and at the end of the week their services were dispensed with. HisHonourheld that the defendant was bound by his agreement, and gave a verdict for the plaintiff, with £7 damages and 20s. costs. In Bolton v. Hughes, the plaintiff, who is a young lady, sought to recover £10 for loss sustained by the illegal seWro of her furniture by the defendant. She had taken a house from him in Napier-street, for which she was to pay 5s. weekly in advance. A fortnight having elapsed, the defendant called on her, and not getting his rent, he proceeded to remove the front door and window, and having gone round to the roar, performed a similar operation there. He then removed the furniture, and under a distress warrant, sold it for a mere nominal sum. The defendant appeared in court considerably under the influence of drink, and could with difficulty give his evidence. He charged the plaintiff with immoral conduct, but admitted in the exuberance of his indignation that he had had his suspicions on the matter when he let her the house. His Honour gave a verdict for the full amount claimed, with £5 14s. 6d costs. The charge against John Walton of obtain- ing money from W. H. Brew, by means of false representations, after being twice remanded at the City Police Court, was yesterday brought to a conclusion. From the evidence given in the case, it appears that on the 12th January, 1869, Walton borrowed the sum of £33 from Brow, for the purpose of purchasing a piano from Messrs. Wilkie, Webster, and Allan. In consideration of obtaining this loan, Walton gave Brow his acceptance for £35, and on the 14th January, two days after he got the piano home, he gave him a bill of sale over it as seem ity. The acceptance was dis- honoured at maturity, and shortly afterwards Brew took possession of the piano. He was obliged, however, to give it up to Messrs. Wilkie and Co., as it had been only rented from them by the defendant. For the defence it was never denied that the money had been paid by the complainant, but that there was no fraud, as the defendant had taken the piano on terms, and that it would have become his property if he had continued the payments for a certain time. It did not appear clear from the evidence given by Brew whether he got the money from the bank, and lodged the bill for collection, or if he discounted the bill. The case was postponed last time to got the evidence of Mr. Greenlaw on this point He did not appear, and Mr. Head, who appeared for the prosecution, stated that he could recollect nothing of the transaction. The Bench seemed to consider the uncertainty in this part of the evidence sufficient to justify them in dismissing the case. In doing so, Mr. Call said it was evident that the complainant had been seriously imposed upon, but that he had not sought the proper remedy. One of the favourite amusements of the young city roughs is to make a sudden descent upon a public-house, and carry everything before them, damaging the property, and drinking any liquor they can lay their hands upon. About half- past 3 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, three young men rushed into the Australia Felix Hotel, and began breaking the furniture. When spoken to by the landlord they made use of the most filthy language, and ran off, thinking by their quickness of foot and knowledge of the back lanes to elude the police. They made a mistake, however, for all three were captured and brought before the City Police Court yesterday morning. The Bench, with a view of stopping this nuisance, inflicted a fine of £3 with 20s. damages each, or in default six weeks' imprisonment. On Monday night last, a person named Alfred Higgins was paying for a ticket to the stalls of the Theatre Royal, when he felt a man's hand in his waistcoat pocket. He turned, and caught the man before he could get his arm away, and retained his hold until a constable took him in custody. The prisoner was brought before the City Court on Tuesday last, and remanded, to enable the police to find a monthly railway ticket which was lost from the same pocket. The prisoner was again brought before the Court yesterday, and what seemed very like a portion of a railway ticket was produced, which had been found on the prisoner. This was not considered sufficient evidence, and he was again remanded to this day for an expert horn the railway to say if the article found on the prisoner is part of a monthly railway ticket for October. An application was made yesterday in the City Police Court for a licence to sell colonial wine at the Temperance Hotel, late the Victorian Railway department in William-street. In granting the licence, Mr. Call said he hoped the former character of the house would be kept up, but did not state whether he referred to the house under the Railway department or as the Temperance , Hotel. Considering the mismanagement for which the Railway department is said to be famous, perhaps it would be as well if the landlord did not follow that example. The Port Phillip Farmers' Society still holds out, waiting for better times. The annual general meeting, which had been adjourned from the 7th July last, was held at the society's offices, 48 Bourke-street west, yesterday after; noon, and there were eight persons present.' Mr. J. Finlay, J.P., took the chair, and Mr, M. M'Caw, M.L.A., acting secretary, read out the minutes of the last two meetings, which were confirmed. The next business was Mr. P. M'Cracken's notice of motion, viz. : " That the balance to the credit of the society at the Colonial Bank be returned by the treasurer, and be at the disposal of a meeting of not less than 15 subscribers to the society, such meeting to be called by the treasurer on the requisition of 10 members, and seven clear days' notice to be given." Mr. D. G. Clarke asked if the society had enough to pay its i s t s i ii!.,.' , .. I t II.. . It at >. / . still it i i i Iii Lady X a at debts; to which Mr. M'Caw replied that it had £000 in the bank. In answer to another question from Mr. Clarke, the acting secretary further stated that the paper which certain members had signed in order to secure the society in a particular way had long since been burnt. Mr. R.M'Cracken,onbcingappealcdto, said he would not move his brother's motion, but the following, viz : " That the meeting be adjourned, for a period not exceeding three months, the notice of motion standing for the next meeting." Mr. D. G. Clarke seconded the motion, which was opposed by Mr. Brisbane on the ground that it would be best for the Port Phillip Farmers' Society to surrender at once. It was then urged by the acting secretary and others that while the Board of Agriculture existed the Port Phillip Farmers' Society could only stand as a local society, but that were that ghost of a public body quietly laid, there would be no difficulty in putting the latter on its right basis. Even if another society were to be formed, still the existing society had yards which it would be better to transfer to its successor than give up wholly to the Government, when all the money spent on them would be lost The motion was then put and carried, and the meeting broke up. Whatever may be the ultimate effect upon the exchequer of the proprietors, the competition at present going on between the three comic and satiric periodicals of this city is clearly advantageous to the public. Punch, Humbug, and Touchstone are all good this week; the cartoon in Humbug especially being one of the most effective pictures of the kind we have ever seen. The reading matter in all three journals is also improving, but it would be well if the con- ductors of the two junior periodicals would refrain from indulgence in coarse and vulgar personalities, which cannot possibly interest the greater number of their readers, but which must infallibly degrade journalism ultimately to the level of an altercation be tween a pair of Billingsgate fish wives. In the case of Lang v. Youl, tried be fore Mr. Justice Barry and a special jury of twelve yesterday, at Ballarat, the jury awarded the plaintiff the full amount of damages he claimed, £500. " The remarks of The Argus special reporter, " writes our Sandhurst correspondent, "in the Bendigo Agricultural and Horticultural Society and their management of their shows, are unfortunately too correct. That this district is able to compete with any other in respect to exhibits, especially of fruit, flowers, grain, and vegetables, is a fact proved by our autumn exhibition, and that the inhabitants of the Bendigo district support such shows is established by the fact that although the day was one of the most trying days as regards weather we have had on Sandhurst for some time, £45 was taken at the gates on Thursday. Of the muddling of the society there is no end. It has become notorious that the power has now got into the hands of a clique or happy family, who arrange everything as they please. Some of the society's greatest supporters, extensive farmers in the Bendigo district, who had exerted themselves to the utmost on Thursday, have been thoroughly disgusted. The greatest good the show did was the amount of business it led to between farmers and exhibitors of machinery." We learn by a private telegram that the match between seven Tasmanian gentlemen and an equal number of "knights of the trigger" from Victoria, which has been some time pending, came off at Launceston on Thursday last, terminating in a victory for the sportsmen of this colony by nine birds. Next week we shall doubtless be able to furnish further details. The forthcoming volunteer review at Ballarat, on the Prince of Wales's birthday, is to be a great affair. The Ballarat volunteers and the public bodies are going to spend a large sum in hospitalities, and if the Government grant railway concessions, the metropolitan corps will be largely represented. A grand volunteer ball is to be given, and the great gold-field is to show a very superior sort of public spirit on the occasion. News by the last mail speaks of Commander Norman, of H.M.C.S. Victoria, being actively engaged in connexion with the ironclad ram Cerberus, shortly to start from England for Melbourne. The gallant officer's position as the representative of the Victorian Government in respect to the ram is fully recognised by the Admiralty authorities, and he is called in and consulted upon all matters relating to the ship. We learn with regret that his health is not good, Mr. John Moffatt's celebrated racing mare, My Dream, was a passenger for New South Wales by the steamship You Yangs, which sailed yesterday. My Dream has been withdrawn from the racecourse, and will go to the stud, her owner having determined to send her to The Barb, who is now standing at Tocal, New South Wales. The manager of the Croxton-park Race Club has issued another programme for a day's sport at Northcote, on the Prince of Wales' Birthday, which will fall on the Tuesday following the Melbourne Cup day. The prizes to be run for are to be more valuable than usual, and the principal, event of the meeting will be the Prince of Wales Handicap, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with ITO sovs. added. Distance, one mile and a half. Nominations to be sent in on Monday, the 25th of October. The conditions attached to this race, however, are not framed upon a liberal enough scale to meet with any great favour from the owners of horses generally for in the first place, £5 is to be paid upon nomination, and £1 and a sweepstake of £5 upon acceptance, in all £11 a rather extortionate sum, when it is considered that a horse may be entered for races equally valuable at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, merely by paying the sweepstakes. But in addition to the amount to be paid to qualify a horse for the Prince of Wales Handicap, there is a proviso that in the event of there not being 20 entries, there will be no lace. Twenty entries, and all accepting, would bring a return to the club of £120, so that the sum given by the club would virtually be but £30 and as the majority of racing men strongly object to pay so much as £6 in addition to a sweepstakes, it is questionable whether this race will attract the necessary number to insure a start. With so many horses from the neighbouring colonies in and about Melbourne, a liberal programme would no doubt meet with a large share of success ; but in order to attract these horses, the objectionable features of the Prince of Wales Handicap will have to be expunged. We have to record the death of an old colonist, Mr. John May, formerly of Bristol, a native of Devonshire, and for many years past, a merchant in this city, from which he recently retired. Mr. May died at his residence, in Hanover-street, Fitzroy, on Wednesday morning last, at the age of 78 years. His remains were interred at the Melbourne Cemetery. yesterday, the of unoralbeing attended by a large circle of private acquaintances and friends. The late Mr. May was a militia officer in England during the threatened invasion of the country by Napoleon Bonaparte. We understand his widow is liberally provided for, the hulk of his property being left to his sisters in England. He leaves no children. Yesterday afternoon a public meeting of the inhabitants of Hawthorn and Kew was convened at the Hawthorn Town-hall, for the purpose of taking steps to assist in the proposed bazaar towards the erection of a new wing to the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum. The meeting had been called by the mayors of the two boroughs, who were present on the occasion. The attendance was not large, but it was unanimously agreed to take the course proposed. - A public meeting, conducted in a most businesslike manner, was held last evening 1..','-^ lwa.. 1 . J. O - ! ) 1, Hil LI Hill for at the West Melbourne Literary Institute, to consider the desirability of having the Immigration Hospital in Bourke-street removed to a more suitable locality. The mayor (Mr. Moubray) presided. Captain MacMahon, M.L.A., Mr. Knaggs, and other speakers, held that a densely-populated locality such as West Melbourne, was no place for an hospital for diseased persons, especially such as were labouring under infectious diseases. A deputation was appointed to wait upon the Chief Secretary on the subject. The annual meeting of the Geelong Sea Bathing Company was held last evening. at the Victoria Hotel. Mr. James Scott occupied the chair. The minutes having been read, the secretary read the report and has lance-sheet. The directors reported a successful year's business, which they attributed in a large measure to the constant efforts put forth to secure the cleanliness of the baths and the comfort and pleasure of the bathers. Early in the year increased accommodation had been afforded. For the ladies' establishment contracts had been entered into, and were now far advanced, for improvements, by which the number of dressing-rooms would be nearly doubled. The swimming area had also been greatly enlarged. As soon as the water was laid on, it was the intention of the directors to add fresh-water shower-baths to the other attractions. It was anticipated that the ensuing year would be the most successful the company had ever experienced The receipts during the year from the gentlemen's establishment was £101 17s. 10d. and ladies' establishment, £326 13s , being £81 more altogether than the pro" vious year. The sum of £119 15s. 11d had been expended for improvements, and after the payment of salaries and other charges a balance of £403 13s. was left on hand available for dividends, which the directors recommend should be at the rate of 10 per cent, on the original capital of £4,505. The report, including the recommendation referred to, was carried. The retiring directors were re-elected, Messrs. J. D. Robinson and Thomas Hawkes being elected in lieu of ( Mr. McMillan, deceased, and Mr. J. Anderson, resigned. Mr. W T. Morris was re elected treasurer, Mr. Anderson secretary, and Messrs. Shirra and Hedrick auditors. A vote of thanks to the director terminated the proceedings. The cricket match between the M.C.C. and Colts, commenced last Saturday, will not be continued this afternoon, as the ground is totally unfit for play in consequence of the recent heavy rains. The match between the East Melbourne and Malvern-hill Clubs, on the ground of the former has been postponed for the same reason. A match will be played this afternoon in the Richmond-paddock, between the Fitzroy and Surrey Cricket clubs, to commence at half-past two o'clock. A match will be played this afternoon on the Royal-park ground, between the first elevens of Messrs. McArthur, Sherrard, and Cope- land, and the Hotham Club. The play will begin at half-past 2 o'clock sharp. The members of the Carlton Imperial Cricket Club will play a scratch match this afternoon in the University paddock, The Carlton Cricket Club will open the season with a match this afternoon at 2 o'clock sharp ; sides to be chosen on the ground by the president and vice- president. " To say that Mr. Farrell's letter to the electors of the Castlemaine district who signed the requisition for his resignation is a complete and perfect justification of his decision not to resign," remarks the Mount Alexander Mail, is to do him simple justice. Requisitions of this kind really possess no more value than the paper they are written upon, as nobody knows better than the requisitionists themselves. Signatures are always to be had in any number for the asking, and a monster petition may be manufactured to order now-a-days almost as quickly as a monster meeting. There is always a large class of people floating about society to whom the opportunity of seeing their names in a requisition list comes with a flattering appeal to their sense of self-importance, and out of this class it is possible for a cunning bellman, or a plausible bill- sticker, to beat up as many recruits in an hour as would satisfy the most exacting committee." At every election," observes the Geelong Advertiser, "there is fresh proof that intelligent thinking men abandon a party which will neither reason nor listen. 'It is only the menace which comes from the opposite point of the compass which renders the situation at all bearable. It is tolerable as a defensive movement, but would cause widespread revolt if ever it became aggressive. Has the democracy no higher ambition than to stand like a stone wall ! Are dull uniformity, and an absence of thought, progress, and independence, to mark the popular ranks in this age of improvement and advancement is blind obedience to an unannounced chief to be the height of ambition allowed Parliamentary representatives? That is certainly the doctrine at present. The initiative which is to depose a chief from his position of sovereignty is not to rest with the Legislative Assembly, but with men moving in the lowest ranks of society, without position and without responsibility." The Haymarket Theatre is to be opened to-night with a company acrobats, consisting principally of some Spanish performers who commenced their career about six years ago in Madrid, where they were frequently patronised by the Royal lady who now passes her leisure in an enforced retirement. They there appeared in conjunction with Leotard (the genuine Leotard) whose peculiar trapeze business is part of their programme. They next went to Lisbon, where also Royalty was gracious to them, Signora Ilbanoz having Lad there a silver wreath presented to him by the King for his remarkable feats of strength and activity. From the Peninsula they went to Paris, thence to Rome, Florence, Milan, Naples, and other Italian cities, where they occasioned quite a furore of attention. They then sailed for South America, and made their first appearance on that continent of commotions in the cathedral church of Monto Video and in the chief cities of Chili, Peru, and the other re- publican states, they also were permitted the use of the ecclesiastical edifices. They sailed thence for the Cape of Good Hope, in which tranquil community they were great favourites, and journeyed northward to Natal, where they were also extremely well received, Signor Correa being there presented by some of the chief inhabitants with a valuable ring. Mauritius was the next place they visited, and here their performances were several times witnessed by our old Governor, Sir Henry Barkly. At their farewell, they gave the proceeds about l,200fr.-to the fund then being raised for the sufferers from the fever epidemic. They are said to be exceedingly clever in their way, and their sensational feats are of a kind to be very acceptable to those to whom what appear to be dangerous exhibitions are attractive. Their own performances have been supplemented by a ballet company, of which M. Massartic is the chief, and Mr. Bromley, who some time ago appeared at the Polytechnic as a polyphonic. Mr, Gilbert Roberts has been engaged by the Theatre Royal firm as manager of the Haymarket during their appearance. Herr Bandmann will enter upon the second week of his impersonation of Hamlet at the Theatre Royal this evening. His assumption of the character has met with the approval of large audiences during the post seven nights, and there will no doubt be a full house this evening. Weston and Hussey's minstrel troupe, who continue to draw large audiences at St. George's-hall, repeat their entertainment this evening. The Melbourne hounds will meet at the Essendon cross-roads on Monday, the 10th K t , ' i i . ' ' "S. and.-.. L J it!. U.. I - ii inst., at 2 o'clock p.m., and not on Monday, the 11th just as previously announced. The collector of the Melbourne Orphan Asylum acknowledges the receipt of £3 OJ. Od., from the Russell-street police, per Sergeant Manson, in aid of the funds of the institution. The hon. treasurer of the Prahran and South Yarra Benevolent Society acknowledges the sum of £16 10s., the proceeds of the entertainment given at Prahran Town-, hall on the 6th September, in aid of the society. In the new church of St. George, Malvern, recently opened, the Right Rev. the Anglican ' Bishop of Melbourne will to- morrow preach in the morning, at 11, and deliver an address to the children of the district in the afternoon at 3\. The sermon in the evening, at 7, will be A preached by the Rev. Walter Fellows, BA, of St. John's, Toorak. The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital; acknowledges the receipt of the following amounts Mr, G. Higinbotham, £5 ; Messrs. R Towns and Co., £10 ; Mr. Edward Wilson, £20 ; Christian Church at Bulleen, wells. held. ; ' Mr. Jas M'Farland and his employes, £2 17s. 6d. Small sums Employes of L. Stevenson and Sons, £3 12s. 6d. ; Atlas Company of Engineers and employes, £4 4s. 6d. The popularity which Miss Rose Evans has succeded in acquiring with the play- going ' per, ton of the public, has resulted in the use. I display of activity among the photo great rivers. Mr. Hewitt, of Swanston-street. is the first in the field, with an admirably executed series of carte-de-visite, representing Miss Evans in several of her most successful characters, as well as in the dress of ordinary life. We can recommend the collection to the gushing youths who nightly cast their < votive offerings of flowers at the foot of the enchantress of the Theatre Royal. The annual meeting of the Commercial Rowing Club was held at the Freemasons'' Hotel, Swanston-street, last evening, when there was a strong muster of members. The balance-sheet produced showed a good financial position, and the future prospects are most encouraging. After a vote of thanks had been passed to the retiring office-bearers, the following gentlemen were unanimously elected for the ensuing year, viz-Mr. C. Morrison, vice-president ; A. Ballantyne, hon. secretary. Committee-Messrs. J. Kemp, T. Parsons, R. Law, G. Walford, A. T. L. Best and Messrs. D. Best and F. W. Jackson were re-elected to the offices of treasurer and captain respectively. The committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society held their weekly meeting at the home yesterday. Present-Messrs. Oliphant, Griffiths, and Carson (who occupied the chair). The superintendent made the following return of the number relieved during the past week and the present state of the home : -Number of inmates remaining last week, 328: admitted since, 22; discharged, 18; died, 1 (Joshua Saunders, aged 41 years, native of London, cause of death phthisis) ; remaining inmates, 318 - comprising 176 men, 75 women, and 57 children. There are 77 under medical treatment. Of the males employed, 3 are stone-breaking, 30 oakum-picking, and 9 working outside ; of the females, 31 are hair-teasing, 3 in the laundry, 4 sewing, and 5 working outside. Twenty-seven families, or 98 individuals, were relieved on presenting the society's relief-cards, 