RAYMOND TERRACE REGATTA. St. Patrick's Day at Raymond Terrace was duly observed as a season of enjoyment, not- withstanding that a paternal government has, very unjustifiably, as some think, resolved that Saints' days shall be no longer recognized. The weather, that all important element in the calculations of projectors of out- door amusements, was rather gloomy ; and rain, which has so pertinaciously held off for so long a time, was manifestly threatened (and indeed one shower fell), insomuch that pleasure seekers, though evidently bent upon the attainment of their end, obtained it in some measure as a stolen joy, possibly to some minds all the sweeter for that circumstance, upon the principle of the time-honoured pro- verb. Those who, upon principles of taste, ob- jected to the gloom which partially obscured or dimmed the beauties of the pleasant landscape which stretches away on either side of the picturesque town of Ray- mond Terrace, and who would have liked to view the effect of the sunlight upon the waters, as lending a greater degree of animation to the scene, were doubless satisfied to be spared the scorching heat of a day like Tuesday last. But while visitors to the regatta were to some ex- tent incommoded by the threatened down- pour, farmers, whose lands have been long lan- guishing for rain, were joyous at the prospect of brighter hopes, and so we may presume a balance was struck somewhere, and the greatest good enjoyed by the greatest number. At the hour fixed for the starting of the first event, the attendance was by no means large, being com- prized chiefly of the pullers who were to contest in the various races, and their friends, a slight sprinkling of the fair sex, and some gentlemen from Maitland. The steamer from Newcastle did not, as was anticipated, bring any large accession to the number of visitors, but subsequently they were largely increased by way of punt from Miller's Forest and Nelson's Plains, and there was a very fair attendance later in the day. Still, the number of visitors was rather limited, a circumstance doubtless due in a great measure to the fact that the day had not been proclaimed as a general holiday elsewhere. Raymond Terrace, as regards its river front, was gaudy with variegated bunting, Mr. Ewen's Steam Packet Hotel being especially gay. The public- houses, being on the ground occupied by the crowd of visitors, did away with the necessity of booths, and a brisk trade was driven over their respective bars, while there was also a fair business done by cake and fruit dealers. A merry-go-round, erected upon a green flat adjacent to the river, divided the attention of youngsters with the regatta, and was regarded by many doubtless as a delightful novelty. As regards the sport, the number of entrances which had been made promised very favour- ably, and owing to the circumstance that the river at Raymond Terrace has a fine wide open reach, an uninterrupted view of the races could be obtained, from the commencement to the close. Everyone who took an interest in the boats was able to see how his favorite crew were acquitting themselves, and this doubtless added to the interest the races afforded. Full particulars of the various events are given below, and we have only to add that the arrangements were so perfect as to be beyond cavil ; Mr. Windeyer acted most efficiently and satisfactorily as starter, while Mr. Charles Parnell enjoyed a sinecure as umpire, no appeal to his decision occur- ring during the day ; and the remainder of the committee were most active and energetic. The numerous protests being altogether beyond the prophetic vision of the projectors of the sports, cannot be considered as due to any de- ficiency upon their part. At two o'clock a sumptuous luncheon was laid by Mr. Ewen, of the Steam Packet Hotel, and full justice was done to it by the Commit- tee. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts, in- cluding one to " the day we celebrate" were duly honored in bumpers, and with the utmost effusion and warmth of feeling. The best order prevailed throughout the day, and, only that the visitors were less numerous than could be desired, we must record the Ray- mond Terrace regatta of 1869 as a complete success. We should not omit to mention that the Weßt Maitland Volunteer Band was in attendance, and that the " Yaamba " drogher (s.) served as a flagship. We subjoin a detail of the various events :-. First Race.-For Amateurs pulling pair of sculls, in waterman's skiffs, or boats classed as such. Course : From flagship round a boat off Kinross ; thence round a boat off the Junction, and back to flagship. First prize, £5 ; second, £1 5s. Athlete-Martin Jordan.", 1 Stranger-James Campbell.. 3 Galatea-John Sheppard. S Alerte-Patriok Fagan. The four boats started well together, Jordan having to some extent the advantage, which he gradually increased till the close of the race, never being headed throughout the entire course. For some distance the second place was disputed between Campbell, Fagan, and Shep- pard, but before the buoy off Kinross was reached, the second named gave up, and, after the buoy was rounded by the other boats, pulled to shore. The buoy was rounded by the other three in the order in which they ultimately came in, the same order, in fact, being ob- served from this point, notwithstanding that several times Campbell pushed the leading boat rather closely. Jordan was the favorite at starting, as it was presumed his knowledge of the river would stand him in good stead in going over the course ; but a protest was entered against him at the close of the race, on the ground that he was not an amateur. The wind blowing down the river made the pull to the buoy a rather heavy one. Second Race.-For all persons pulling pair oars, with coxswain, in bona fide Fishing boats not exceeding 20 feet on the keel ; these boats to be worked on the river three months previous to the regatta ; the win- ners of any champion race excluded. Course : Same as No. 1, twice over. First prize, £6 ; second ditto, £1 10s. Sea Gull -Thomas Mitchell. Peter Mackay; coxswain, H White ......................... 1 Echo-John Holding, Patrick Philp ; coxswain, J. Wheeler 2 Slim Jim-A. Wilson, Henry Speen ; coxswain, S. Mitchell o The three started in a line, but the Sea Gull very soon took first place, which she never sur- rendered. Slim Jim did not round the buoy for the first time, but gave up ; the course was pulled by the two other boats, no alteration in their relative positions taking place. This race was a very tame affair. Third Race.-For bona fide amateurs who have never won an advertised first prize, singly or otherwise, pulling pair oars, with cox- swain, in waterman's skiffs or boats classed as such. Course : Same as No. 2. First prize, £6 ; second, £1 10s. Stranger-R. Campbell, T. M'Dermott; coxs wain. E. Hughes. 1 Athlete-James M'Ginn, Araby Foley; coxswain, F. Hughes. 2 Alerte-A. Tillott, Thomas Caddy ; coxswain, -r Galatea-Joseph Sleicman, Thomas Fagan; coxswain, James 'Rogers. Campbell and M'Dermott were most faancied for this race, but numbers were not wanting who thought very highly of the chance of the Galatea. A splendid start was effected upon the discharge of the gun, ano: the boats kept well together for a considerable extent of the course up to the buoy, but by the time that point was reached for the first time the winning boat had taken her position, which she continued to maintain, and it was easy to predict the result of the race. There was a slight check given to two of the compet- ing boats a little beyond the punt landing, by the Alerte, but it could not be called a foul, and presently all got clear again. The order in which fie boats rounded the buoy was as follows :-S fcranger, 1 ; Athlete, 2 ; Alerte, 3 ; Galatea,4;butthelatterpresentlyrowedtoshore, an example followed after the boats had rounded the ship m jored off the junction for the first time by the Alerte. This left the race to the Stranger and Athlete, and the former came in a winner by fully a quarter of a mile. This was an excellent race at the commencement, all the competitors pulling their hardest, and the speeding boats were watched with much inte- rest till the withdrawal of two caused it to slacken. During this race, the horizontal greasy pole invited boys inclined for fun to dare its slippery surface for the sake of prizes offered by the committee, and much merriment was caused by the failure of the youngsters to reach the coveted flag, and their consequent ducking. This laughable sport was continued during the day. Fourth Race.-For all settlers, in bona fide settlers' boats, pulling pair oars, with cox- swain; the boats not to exceed 17 feet overall. Course : Same as No. 1. First prize, £6; second, £1 10s. Little Wonder-Martin Jordan, J. H'Lean : coxswain, B. Hughes. 1 Unknown-George Cook, David Clark; coxswain, W. M'Pherson. 3 Thistle-Joseph Clark, John Malony; coxswain, James Bogers. S A brisk race ensued from the start, in which the Little Wonder had, if anything, the ad- vantage, but she surrendered it for a few seconds to the Unknown, when the boats were passing the punt landing. Each struggled foi leading position up to the buoy, and though the Little Wonder at one time got well ahead, the buoy was rounded by all three within three minutes. After this, however, Little Wonder passed to the front, and was never headed, a good race for second place ensuing between the remaining boats. The beaten crews entered a protest against the pullers of the winning boat, on the ground that they were not bona fide settlers. Fifth Race.-For all youths eighteen years and under, in waterman's skiffs, or boats classed as such, pulling pair oars, with coxswain. Course : Same as No. 1. First prize, £5 j second, £1 5s. Stranger-James M'Ginn, Archy Foley; coxswain, B. Hughes . 1 Alerte-Edward Sheppard, John Fagan ; ooxswaln, James Rogers . 3 Galatea-S. Stanbridge, James Hngbes ; coxswain, B. Hughes. The Alerte went off with the lead, but there was very little difference shown in the relative positions of the three boats for a considerable time. Ultimately the Stranger made good her claim to first position, and came in a winner, Alerte second. A protest was entered against Foley, alleging that he was over age. Sixth Race.-For all bona fide Fishermen, in bona fide fishing boats, pulling four (4) oars, with coxswain ; the boats to be owned and employed on the river three months previous to the regatta, the crews likewise working three months previous. Course : Same as No. 2. First prize, £10 ; second, £3. Maid of Hexham - A. Wilson, T. Mitchell, Peter Markey, John Holding ; coxswain, S. Mitchell .......................... 1 Barnett - Paul Mountir, C. Philps, Patrick Philps, B. Cur- chion; coxswain, Mark Seton ........................................ 2 Only two boats started for this race, and the manner in which they left the flagship gave abundant evidence of the determination of the crews to contest, to the utmost, for the prizes offered. The Barnett, in the first round, passed the buoy in advance of her anta- gonist, but such was the ardour of the crew of the latter that every boat's length of the course was hardly contested, and it was only by using corresponding exertions that she was enabled to maintain her advantage for half the course. This race was with justice considered the best race of the day, and the manner in which it was pulled fully justified the committee in departing from the rule that there must be three to start or no race, as on the second round- ing of the buoy, the boats had changed positions, and the Maid of Hexham was some lengths in advance. This honourable place she kept, but with hard exertion, till the close of the race, and came in the winner. The Maid of Hex- ham was the favourite at the start, but her supporters were disposed, at the middle of the race, to think that their money had been badly invested. Seventh Race.-For Amateurs pulling pair oars, with coxswain, in watermen's skiffs, or boats classed as such. Course : Same as No. 1. First prize, £6 ; second ditto, £110s. Stranger-B Campbell, J. Campbell; coxswain, B. Hughes 1 Athlete-Martin Jordan, J. M'Lean ; coxswain, F. Hughes 3 Galatea-John Sheppard, Patrick Fagan ; coxswain, James Bogers. Jordan and M'Lean, after their previous per- formances, and from their established reputa- tion, were the favourites in this event, for which few thought the rest had any chance. The trio got away well at the firing of the gun, but before many dips of the oars, the Athlete shot ahead, impelled by her crew with hearty good will, and a hotly contested race ensued, in which the opinions of the knowing ones were somewhat falsified, as the two Campbells first passed the buoy with their boat, the favorite having to be content with second place, the Galatea a long way behind. She ultimately re- tired from the contest, and left it to the Ath- lete and the Stranger, the latter coming in a good winner, and receiving loud and reiterated cheers as her reward. Eighth Race.-For Youths eighteen (l8) years and under, pulling pair sculls in dingy not exceeding fourteen (14) feet keel. Course : same as No. 1. First prize, £1 10s.; second, 10s. Flirt-John Fagan. 1 Fairy-James Hughes. 3 Ghost-S. Stanbridge. After a good race, principally between Fagan and Hughes, the former came in a winner by a few boats' lengths. Ninth Race.-Gig and Dingy, under the usual regulations. Prize-Gig, £2 ; dingy, £1. Gig. Elanie-A. Biohardgon. Dingy, Ghost-John Fagan. The boats were started stern to stern, and after some manoeuvring on the part of both, the puller of the dingy was caught by the bowman of the gig, who had to take to the water, within eight or ten minutes of the start. During the interval between the starting of the fifth and sixth races, a sailing-boat match for £5 was started, and won by Mr. Richard- son's Elaine, the competing boat being the Redbill, sailed by Mr. M'Pherson. A race be- tween paddle-wheel boats, for 20s., caused much merriment. Four boats started, and the prize fell to Mr. Malzard. The consideration of the protests came before the committee on Wednesday night, but as our reporter was obliged to leave as soon as the programme was gone through, we are unable in the present issue to give the result. For the same reason we cannot do more than allude to the fact that a ball wound up the sports, and we believe was well attended. i 