A COUNTY FAMILY. [PilOJI OHAJIBBBS'S JQUHHAL.] CHVPTEB XXI. ? SNAKES IN THE CROQUET GROUND. Imagine the feelings of domestic cirolea resident in the Zoological Gardens' upon an oooasisn of one ot the Garni vora being let looae, by way of experiment, and permitted to perambulate the grounds like any biped visitors, and yon have a very tolerable idea of . the apprehensions excited in the Blaokburn family by the advent of Mr William. Perhaps we should even have put it stronger. Imagine the feelings of the aforesaid oiroles after night fall 1 PiuloBophioal persons interested in natural history (but dwelling at some distance from the Regent'8 Park) would in vain protest that there was no real danger— that long con finement and abstinence' from old habits of rapine would fonder tbe orsature harmless. The keepers and their families, who knew him besti would have ,a very different opinion. Perhaps, however, his own particular keeper, though agreeing with hia brethren in a general way, would make an exception in this case, j ust a3 any Englishman in tho Indian army thought that his regiment -— hia SepoyB— would be true and merciful; though every other become wild-cats. Tho parallel between Mr W. B. and the loose beast in question would then be complete, since M.-s Blaokburn waa such a keeper. Mr Waller, too, who, among other admirable qualities, enjoyed the faculty of persuading himself that everything would turn out as he wanted it to do, had consider able confidence that by tender and yet judioioua treatment this poor animil. so long aooustomed to the juDgle, and perhaps even to hnman flesh, might be reclaimed — nay, rendered docile, juat aa waa the lion in the poem, by aome Una. Mr Sianhope had no suoh txpeo tation, but possessed that confidence in its good behavior (at all events towards himself) which is inspired by . he possession of a pookot life-pre server heavily loaded. Liuoy, for her part, regarded the oreature with loathing rather than fear ; but Ellen, who had more experience of its. nature, feared both for her self and ethers, and yet could be hardly said to loathe. Sae bad a bind and simple heart, which found it difficult, aa alleueb. do, to judge one bo nearly allied. to her by the 8&me; ttin dard which she would have applied to a stranger ; a weakness pardonable enough, and yet one whioh has more to answer fur in the encouragement of offdnaive persons than any other human frailty. Aa for Anthony Blaok burn, tbia unlooked-for . advent of hia un-. ' changed son had been a blow fro m which he ;had but juat strength to rally, or perhaps even only to appear to rally. He was not one whit afraid of him, bat be did not feel himself competent to oope with him alone.' He was well pleased, therefore, to -have Mr Waller for hia guest. just now ; and if it -vas not'for the eamo reason that he bad invited 'Mr Staahope to stay ut the Manor-house, it waa because for that he had a still stronger motive. A union between this young man and Ellen, to which he bad always been favorable, had become now not only desirable in the Squire's eyes, but absolutely imperative. IfStanhopo wauted money, aa he had heard, then so much the better, sinoe it would make him the more eagtr, and the less likely ti re gard impedimenta. And yet, what a monstrous one waB this which hadthua unexpectedly arisen, and was certain every dny to exhibit aome new bb j ectibnable feature I E ven on this account not a day w..s to ba lost in throwing these young people together as much aB possible ; and be sides, there waa the danger of William's dis grace— the punishment as infamous' as the crime— becoming known, and blasting , all Ellen's future. Sooner or later, that dread Secret wa3 almost sure to ooza but, even if this good-for-rioaght should not some day, over his cups, himself proclaim Mb shame ; and then how. hopeless would' it bo for any Blip of the House of Blackburn to take root in native Boi. or be grafted on a neighbor tree ! If William Blackburn had begun his new life as he intended to go on with it, it was in deed a gloomy outlook. Hia interview with Stanhope had, it is true, counteracted the tf; feet of the wine he had tossed off at luncheon; but that same a'tornoon he had taken a ' drain ' or two of a stronger liquor, and after dinner he had again drunk to excess. He did not join hia father and Mr Waller in the smoking room, but staggered oft to have a pipe by himself out of doors, to the great relief of perhapa both the seniors. His condition had been too obvious to be ignored even by the discreet ex-M.P., and healludodto itina philo sophic and abstracted way between the whiffy of his cigar, aa follows : ?'' It's a curious thing how any exoitement of the mind is fed by wine like flame by f ael. How many persons wonld fall into the error of supposing your son Wil liam to be downright intoxicated, when, in ? reality, .he is nothing of the sort!' 'I am glad to hear it,' returned the Squire bitterly, 'I thought myaelf that he was druak.' 'Not at all, my dear sir: do not distress youraelf with any such idea. The senBe of the novelty of his position, and the rich social promise of it, are quite sufficient, assisted by ever si little wine, to have thus exhilarati d. the young man.' 'YouDg? He istw-o-and-fortyat leaat,' responded the other gloomily, ' and old enough to know better.' Disparagement of this mild character was very suitable to the state of the poor Squire's feelings, for it did slightly relieve his c holer ; and, moreover, it was likely to prevent his nsr tute companion from picturing to himself any graver causes for annoyance in hia sou'a con duot. 'Still, my dear Mr Blaokburn, the very ease with which Mr William became ex cited is to a. certain extent (although I arn the last to defend excess) in his favor. In the first place, remember, this is probably the first occasion oa whioh, since his recent bereave ment, he has permitted himself any enjoy ment at all; and I daresay some sorrowful feelings would perforoe intrude upon him, which he endeavored by a few glasses of wine to dissipate. A more heartless man would have taken matters more coolly— at least that is my way of reading Mr William's character, and I flatter myself I know something about mankind.' ' 18 i\ sir ?' aai-i the Squire curtly. ?? Then I confess I have not discovered alt these virtues in him; and since you have suoh an eye for them, I wish to Heaven he was your son instead of mine 1' ' Well, we should not look a gift horse in tho month,' said Mr Waller gaily ; ' and upon my life, Blackburn, for, all these little blemishes, of which you make so muoh, I havo half a mind to take you at your word.' 'Hoiv do yon mean?' in quired the other, looking sharply up. «' Why, 1 mean that though I cannot become hie fa ther, I should have no sort of objootion, pro vided tho arrangement prove agreoable ' to a certain young lady, ot whom it does not be oome me to speak as she deserves— I should, I Bay, be very well pleased to be Mr.William'B father in law.' 'You would permit your daughter,' began the Squire in tones that had almost as muoh of horror in them as of amaze ment—' I mean, would you really let her run Bnoha risk?' .????? ?? Mr Blaokbum had an honest liking for Luoy Waller ; he had only seen aa mnoa of her aa a septuagenarian hoat would b a likely to see of hia grand-daughter's friend and companion, but what ho had seen had pleased him. It was certain that she waa a dutiful daughter, and her father's right hand (as he often boaated), and it seemed to the Squire incomprehensible that Mr Waller should be ready to entrust the happiness of suoh a ohild to one like, hia son William. It was true that the Squire intended his own Ellen to marry Mr Stanhope, who waa said to be addicted to dissipation, or at least to gambling; but if Stanhopa had boen what he knew William Blaokbarn to be, her grand father would certainly not have saorinaed her f ature to ^uch a man, even to promote his most darling soheine. Oa the other hand, it must be conceded that Mr Waller waB really ignorant of William's thorough worthleBanesa, and took a most liberal view of hia surface-faults. 'Risk,' observed ho slowly; ?' well, that ih rather a harah word. Of conrae, I must know more of the young man's oharacter and ante cedents ' — here he shot a glauoa at the Squire who Bhifted his limba uneaeily — 'and a.bove all, must assure myself that suoh-a match would not be distasteful to my sweet Lnoy. Bat there is always more or Iobb of uncertainty m rrn... HI I ,1,1 yiT»IIPIIl«u ? muitiu ?? ... i. n f ?' - ' _ '— — ? ' ? ?—-?———» — a risk, if you must call it bo — in every mar riage; that is, unless young folka have been brought up together from the nuraery, as Lucy aed your late nephew were. Of course, that would. have been the match moat consonant with my own feelings, but man proposes (as poor Dick did), and Heaven settles things ita own way. Our families, it seems, were not to be united by means of that branch— but, still, they may be united. I hoheBtly tell you I have not much to give my daughter down, Blaokburn — my capital is bo looked up in dif ferent speculations— bat she is not a panper, and perhaps, if things turn out as I txpecfc them to do, may some day be almost as great an heiress as your own dear Ellen. — I con clude, by the bye,' observed the ex-M.P. ab ruptly, ' that though your purpose should hold to leave R^doombe to your grand- daughter, that your aon would be suitably provided for ?' 'If he were to marry eligibly — such a young lady as your daughter, for instance,',' said the Squire earnestly, 'I would give him — nay, I would settle upon herself — a very considerable sum.' ,...?' That ia spoken like yourself, Blackburn, and I am eure you mean what you: say, ? although, of courae, our present talk may bear no .fruit whatever — we may be building the merest oaatles in the air; and, at all events, any such event aa that we have been contemplating mast be yet a great way off. Your son ia be wailing a recent calamity ; my daughter also is Buffering, although not so recently, from a Bunilar bereavement. When speakbg, on one ocoasion, of her sorrow, poor thing, she even made use of the expreasion 'widowed:' a common loss, however'* — here Mr Waller, under pretence of taking a fresh qigar, applied himself to composition — ' itself sometimes attracts, so great ia the power of humau sympathy, two bruised and tender hearts to wards one another.' ' I noticed that that soipegraoe son of mine paid a great deal of at tention to your Lucy,' said the Squire thought fully. V She is clever, and has a will of hor own ; but I honestly tell you, Waller, I doubt whether even ahe will ever make a silk purse oufc of'— — 'Stop at,' purse,' ' interrupted Mr Waller quietly ; ' I assure you she ia a oapital hand at making silk puraea.' 'If the silk purse is made 'out of the material in ques tion, ' answered the other gravely, ' I promise you it shall be well filled. If I could only see my son reupeotably settled in life' ? Here a terrible scream, apparently from tke garden, broke the silence of the autumn even ing ; and Mr Waller, with an activity beyond hia years, rushed to the open window, and letting himself drop through it by his_ hands, hurried to the croquet-lawn, while his' host made his way thither more bircuitoualy by the front door. For all the former's protestations to others, and specious arguments with hion Belf, ho had hia own misgiving concerning hia projected son-in-law, and in the instant when that sound broke forth it flashed upon him that some unpardonable rudeness of Mr William Blaokbum's had evoked it, perhaps from Lucy heraelf. To do Mr Waller justice, he would, in auoh a case, have done his beat to wring the neck of that only scion of the House of Blaok bum on the spot, and it was with some such in tention that he had made auoh extraordinary speed. There wa«, however, nobody upon the lawn save Mr William himself, who was lying face downwards among the croquet-hoops, ejaculating ' Saakes, snakes, pnakta !' at the top of hia voice. The ex-M.P. oast a haBty glance up at the boudoir window, whioh, to hia great relief, waa closed, and then approached tbe sufferer with cautioua step?. ' Saakes, anftkea, snakes 1'' reiterated Mr William. ' What is the matter, sir? There are no snakes at Redoombe,' said the Squire, making hia appearance from the terrace. ' There are snakes, snakes in my boots,' persisted his son. 'Gome, come, not in both boots, my good friend,' observed Mr Waller persuasively. But by dint of violent struggles, Mr William got himaelf free of his boots, and pointed to the empty pair with unaffected horror. ' Do you see snakes ?' inquired Mr Blaokburn of hia guest in much amazement. ' Ay, sea-snakes,' persisted his eon--' snakea from Formosa, snakes from the well-hole, so tall that you oan ? Bee their heads at top. Look at their tongues, their long forked tongues 1 They've come to tell you about it. And yet, so help me, I never did it.' ' What, in Heaven's name, does all this mean ?' inquired tUe Squire despairingly. 'It means exactly what I told you, Blaokburn, that your son's brain is over exoited ; he has fallen over one of these hoops, and the shock has put him off his head. He's quiet enough now, you see. But here, come the servants : just say it's a fainting-fit, and leave him to me.' The ladieB were fortunately in the drawing room, whioh was on the. other side of tiie house, aad the musio of the piauo had drowned the sufferor'ri ories. 'Don't alarm your mia tresa, or the young ladies,' were Mr Waller's firat words; 'but take Mr William quietly into his own room by the backway. — You need not go for the doctor, sirrah' (for a groom win already starting towards the village) ; ' but lend a hand here, aa I told you; your young master iB overcome by, the heat of the weather, that's all. — The case, my dear Blaokburn, is quite simple, and I understand it perfectly well.' 'Do as Mr Waller bida you,' said the Squire sharply, for the serving-men hesitated somewhat to lift suoh a burden up, the damp white faoe, the ohattering teeth, the protruding eyeB, were all sd instinct with horror. ' Gently, now — gently,' said Mr Waller ; ' and you that have his wriatp, hold them firm.' It was well he gave that order, for twice upon his way the patient writhed and struggled like a madman. ' Tho snakes had woua-J about his limbs,' he said, ' and had him fast ;' but at last they got him to hie room, and into bed. Then Mr Waller dismissed the servants, and he and the Squire stood together alone by the bed side. William had falien into a half sleep, full of starta and muttoringB, and his eyes,' whioh had looked aB though their lids could never hide them again, were now almost closed. ' The paroxyBtu is over, my dear Bir,' eaid Mr Waller soothingly ; ' and I don't think we shall have any more trouble with him, poor fellow. How over, I'll ju3t Bit with him a bit, while you go down into the drawing- room, and explain matters to the ladies; it ia.better not to trast to the servants' silence. You can saythat I have some important letters to write, which will nccount for my absence easily Bnough. And be sure you keep Mrs Blackburn away from her Bon ; say he ia aaleep, and must on no aooount be disturbed, for the faot is, in oases of this kind, Ike mind is apt to wander, and' — : — ' Ia it delirium tremens?' inquired the old man huskily. ' Well, yen, it is undoubtedly a touch of D.T.,' said M*r Waller reluotantly. - ' It's a very slight attack— but still, you muatkeep Ilia mother away. The very beat of ns had ? better not talk of onrselves unreservedly, be \- fore onr mothers. Bat as for me, I'm a man of the world, and not easily shocked.' ♦? Never theless, it is my place to be here,' said the Squire gravely, 'and not yours.' ' My dear sir, forgive mo ; but thia ia madneaB'— began Mr Waller. 'Nay, forgive me,' interrupted bis host peremptorily ; ' this is my own house, and this is my own son, and I must have my way.' 'Very good, Mr Blackbnrn ; I will do my best then to smooth mat ters below stairs. If be shows any Bymptoms oJ violence, ring for mo; but if he continues to sleep on, as I trust, he may, all will go well enough.' '' I understand ; and I am greatly obliged to yon, Waller — deeply obliged.' 'Don't mention it, my dear sir. I am delighted to have been of any use in tbia little matter. Such things occur every day, I ; do asBuro yon, in the best families ia the land ; only it's better not to talk about them. Keep a good heart my dear fciend — and there's the bell within reach— aud shall I bring you up the newspaper, or any thing ? It is weary work to have to sit still and watch, though I'm quite accustomed to it, and don't inind it in the least myself.' , The Squire shook his head to the offer of not only the newspaper, but to the implied re newal of Mr Waller's proposal to take Mb place by bis son's pillow ; and the ex-M.P. softly closed the. door behind him. 'An obsui ' uate old gentleman' mused ho, as he went down-stairi?. 'If he would but have let me narse that fellow, I should perhaps have known as muoh as Stauhope.— What the deuce, bythe bye, could he have meant by Formosa and the well-hole ? I mast make a mote of that. I wonder whether this was his first attack. By . its short duration, I should think it was ; and yet it was preciong sharp while it laBtod.— Formosa, eh? This i8 what comes of aendiDg one's eldest son where French brandy ia . eighteenponce a bottle. Gad, how he must . have soaked!'1 CHAPTER XXII. — AFIEB LONG MONTHS. If Mr Waller imagined that, in default of gaining possession of the history of William Blackburn's paat, the knowledge of the nature : of his indisposition woald still afford him some : hold upt-n hie young friend, he waa fated to bo ? disappointed ; dinca, in the first place, D. T. ? was a malady not altogether unknown at 'Red combe Hall, for the Sqoiro'B brother Charles , had had more than one boutof it ; and secondly, Mr William himself was no mere sensitive about the malady hi question than if it hud been the gout. The very simplicity of this gentleman's character — that is, hia coarse and ; homely habits of vice — made him difficult to; deal with for the ex-M.P. (who had been accua tomed to ioilnenco men in a high state of ' civilisation, if not of intelligence), and puzzled Mm, just as one ignoraut of the me of the small sword will sometimes puzzle an accomplished fencer. , When, for instance, a few dayB after this attack, Mr Waller expressed his pleasure nt , steing the young Squire up and about again, the latter replied, with startling frankness : 'Well, I believe what yon say for once, Mr Srooothtongue, for, if I had popped off the hooka, it would have spoiled a nio^little game of your own, I reckon.' If Mr Waller had bad to oonsult hia own feelings only, he would certainly not have re mained, and far less have suffered Lucy to re \- main, a gueBt at Eedcombe after that speech; but he could no longer afford to indulge his own self -respect, a luxury which, to say, truth, be had been accustomed to more or loss forego for many years. ' His affairs were getting into greater embarrassment daily, and no other escape seemed to offer than that he had once looked upon as an eligible course, but which he was now obliged to own to himself was in faot a desperate remedy. He had not the courage to speak to his daughter upon the subject ; but she well understood bis critical position, and : could peroeivo, he hoped, for heraelf the press-. ? ing necessity that compelled him to wish her to j become William Blackburn's wife. Her con duct was BUGh aa to make him daily reproach himself, with the cruelty of a soheme which he adhered to nevertheless ; and though she had always done his bidding, it astonished him by its dutifulness. That she should evince the slightest liking for the man who, short as her acquaintance had been with him, had disgraced himself half-a-dozen times in her very presence by intoxication or bad language, and of whose conduct in the house and village there were ? alr- ady bo many evil reports that it was scarcely possible but that some had reached her ears, was not to be expected ; but it was something, and more than Mr Waller had hoped for, that she did not shrink from the young Squire with abhorrenoo. She allowed him, if not to pay her court, to be more gracious to her than to others, and rather ignored his clumsy ad vanoes than forbade them. These attentions, indeed, now that he understood Bho was not his moioo's humble companion, were not so rude and undisguised as heretofore, but . they were Buch as a young girl of spirit might have naturally enough resented, especially in a suitor whom she . regarded with disfavor,: and yet she did not resent them. She even listened with patience to Mrs Blaokburn's disserta tions upon the oharacter of her son, which per force did not so often take the form of eulogiam (as thoy had done before his arrival), a3 of apology for bis faults ; and why should ahe do this unUsa aho had made ap her mind to make excuses for them herself. Not only did her father argue fchua, but Mrs Blaokburn alao, who was as anxious for the' match as ho, and muoh more hopeful of its results; and so these two at least began to be liovo that in due comae of time the thing was likely to come to pass. Curiously enough, however, this belief did not eeem to be shared by the old Squire, who had so early expressed his approval of the plan, or, if it did, the con templation of it seemed no longer to afford him pleasure. Ho had become of late a changed and broken man, and went about like one weighed down by some burden too heavy for him to bear. Some thought that in his old age the strong will whioh bad supported him through half a century of hardships, had at last given way, and that he was fairly cowed by the rude profligate, his son. But the observant ex-M.P. hold that thero waa some other oauBe which bowed that stalwart frame, and thinned those grey hairs day by day bo visibly; for, in the first place, although he manifested a great repugnance to William Blackburn, if not an absolute loathing, yet ho Bhowed no fear of him, but flamed up on occasion against that social offender, so that the culprit Bhrank before his ire ; and, in the second place, William behaved himself with some respeot towards his father, for a reason whieh Mr Waller had not far to seek, and under an influence of which that manager of. jnen was very jealous. He well perceived that it was to Herbert Stanhope that all improvements in the young Squire's be havior wore owing, and envied him the possea sion of thatrod of iron with which he ruled, so advantageously for the general good — if not for Mb own.- As to whether Stanhope was gaining ground in MiaBEUen'a good graces or not, Mr Waller could not deoide, nor was it indeed of much interest to him to know. The pair were not often, so far as he could observe, or could learn from his daugbt9r, alone; and, indeed, with the exception of the old Squire, who abut himself up more than ever in his little room, in company only with his bottle of strong waters, the inmates of the Minor honso herded together a good deal, now the young Squire ' was arrived, just as small birds keep close com pany when a hawk is hovering.. Tete a tetee, were not frequent, and still leas a solit.arin. ss which might bo intruded upon by the unwal come Mr William, whose presence beneath that roof had oJs-j a marvellous effect in keep ing ifc free from occasional visitors. Nobody that had not a special reason for it put them selves in the way of meeting the new Rrrival, who waa even in the middle of the day as likely to bo in liquor a3 not. Even Mr .Mow bray' Moffat avoided the place, as indeed he had good renson to do, for he had experienced the young Shake's insolence. The house, in short, was tabooed, as Anthony Blackbnrn had prophesied it would be. Luoy never left it, even for the gorien, uules3 accompanied ; bnt Ellon, when her undo was supposed to be safely disposed of for the morning — and the saf.-st placo was the slnttle alley attached to the pub lic-house in the village, where ho liked to sur round himself with a few choice sycophants— occasionally took long walks alone. Otherwise if he found the opportunity, ho would reproaoh her in graceless: faahion npon the preference shown to her by her grandfather, and point out to her the infamono injustice of those testa mentary intentions of which she could not be ignorant. Her only refuge against such perite oution by in a quarter to which he felt tolerably ? confident she would not venture, from maidenly res rvo, to apply. If the good could only profit by the vicea of the wicked,. as the wicked advantage themselves by the vir tues of the good, merit would not so often as itia bo its own reward. In one of these lsnely walks of here, Ellen found herself where Bhe would not have been had Herbert Stanhope been at hia own house, in the pinewood that skirted the grounds of Curlew Hall. The autumn was far advanced ; but in that odorous and sheltered spot, with the sunshine striking down where the clearings were, and the keen wind only busy in the tret tops, where it made a murmur like some distant sea, it seemed to bo summer still. The place had become a favorite haunt of hers of late; in its welcome seclusion, aud fresh and fra grant air, she breathed more freely than else where, and shook off the oppression which had settled dewn on almost all at homo, though on herself the leant, for in that atmosphere of plots and fears she fed on hope, and lived, in imagi nation at least, another life than that which hard f ato had for the present assigned to her. She bad wandered fnrther than UBual, or than she was aware of, almoat to the verge of the wood which fringed the hill above the Mosedale Valley, in a line with the embank ment of the reservoir, when Bhe suddenly oame upon what wts very rare in that green solitude, a fellow-creaturs. A man with his face to wards her was stting under a tree, with a book in his hand ; he was probably sketching; for hia fingers moved rapidly ; but, although artists were not uncommon about Kodmoor ia the warm' - weather, it was late in the season for that migratory race. She turned to retrace ber steps, bat the ' dry twigs oraokled under her tread, and ho looked round and rose. It was John Dehton. She uttered a great cry of joy, and flew towards him — then stopped in wonder. His face was pale and sad, and though he could not have failed to recognise her, he did not stir a step. A strange thought took possession of her: it was not himself at all, but his wraith, come to tell her that all she bad been living for was ia the grave. . ' John, dear John,' cried she, trembling, ' why don't you apeak to me ?' The tones were aad and hollow enough for any ghost, whioh answered : ' It is for you to apeak, E'len, not for me; you know all that I would say.' She moved towards him, stretching out hor arms. ''Dear John, what ia the matter? What has happened ?' ' Nothing unusual,' said he coldly, ' that is, with persons of your class. I daresay, to you it does seem nothing ; but with me it is far different.' ' Are you mad, John Denton?' 'Not yet, God help me,' answered he bitterly. ' Then you will remember this, John.' She took from her bosom a little notecase, in which lay a faded sprig of heather : ho had plucked it and placed it in her hand on that walk across the hills from Slogan when he had asked her to become his wife. 'I remember that well,' said he, 'only toa well. Are you going to give it me back? — as ladies like yourself give back the rings and jewels of their old loves when they take on with a new one, — Oh, Nelly, Nelly I I knew that girls were weak, and that you being what you are, would be more tried and tempted than other girls ; but I did not think you would sell yourself for gold, nay, for leas than gold, for an old namo, and a long pedigree with a fool at the end of it.' 'As true as the blue sky is above ue, John, I understand nothing of what you say. Whatever dreadful things you have to tell me, in Heaveu's name, speak out. What is it?' 'Is it po?sible that fourteen months of life among fine folks con make a woman so false as not to kuGw it herself 1' an swered the other. ' Well, it is not much matter, porhaps ; but what I havo heard from every mouth at Mosedale is, that Miss Ellon Blaokburn (who was once bo humble a-t to think of wedding such a man as I) is plighted to Mr Herbert Stanhope of Curlew Hall.' ' That i* a lie, John.' 'A lie! It ia one that ia more believed than truth ; the whole town rings with it.' ' If the whole town bad told me the like of you, John, nay, if the whole world had said it, and your lips had not confirmed their words, I would not have believed it. I havo been tried, indeed — tried by your absenoo, tried by the lack of that whioh ia my life-blood, the aperob, the touch, the look of hira I love, but never tempted, John; for in temptation there ia some attraction, some delight, and I have never felt one touoh of joy but in tho thought of you.' ' True heart, forgive me,' exclaimed he, snatching the weeping girl to his breast, ' I am all unworthy of suoh love, dear girl ; but I have been all alone in the world so long, with out one word to gladden me, and with ten thousand of late to pierco my heart — and — and you know Mr Stanhope is staying at thoMnnor houso, Nelly. My vory work, which was once BO dear to me, has become flat and stale ; I have been in this very place a score of times, note-book.in hand, as now; and yet, see 1 nothing has 'been set down in ifc, beoauae I could think of nothing, except you !' ' Then that is why I have songht thia wood ho often, John, and loved it ; my heart must have known that you wore here, and bronght me hither. Bat what brought you, dearest ? 'Well, not so much my heart, dour Nolly,' said John, Bmiliog, and tsndorly smoothing her brown hair, 'but my business. I have been at work at the embankment yonder for some time ; and while my mon are , at their dinner, I step ia hero for solitude, and to make certain calculations, the result of which (*s to day) has been often a blank page.' ' I knew you had been employed on the R3s»rvoir, John; I went thither before you came, ex pressly to be able to picture you there — but I thought you had gone. Lucy— Miss Waller told me that the affair would not keep you above a day or two.' ' Ay, that's Mr Waller of Mpsedale's danghtor, I suppose ; but her father has misinformed her altogether.' You Bee, Nelly,1' and though his arm waa round her waist, and his eyes looked lovingly into hers, it was curious how abstracted and business-like hia tones became, ' it's a much more serious job than these directors imagine, and ifc will put out Flywheel immensely; but I can't help that. Tho whoio concern wants looking to. I have bsen tinkering it up aa wpII as I c«n ; bnt it's my opinion the miochief is deep seated, aud mesfe have o, much more effectual remedy, or there will be great risk when tho Bpring comes on. For my part, I mean to state e'a much in my report. But the faot is, the Company have very little cash, and don't want to bo involved in expenses; and Flywheel is their engineer, you Bee, not I. Nothing can be more panny wise and pound foolish (not to mention the danger), as it seems tome. — But there, why am I wasting preoious moments, talking of theso dry business matters, when the dearest girl in the world is waiting to hear mo axy for the fiftieth time how much I love her ! And I do Bay it, end saal it, my own darling.' ' I lika to hear you talk of your calling, John, and to see you so interested in it. I am prouder of it and of you than any one can pessibly be of the things you wero decrying just now, such as birth and blood. Nay, it is men like you who alone make Lirth and blood of any value, for who could be proud of an cestors who have dono nothing 1 ' A very legioal view, my dear Nelly,' said tho young engineer, his own cheek flushed with something of pride ; ' but not one generally entertained, aDd especially by your charming sex. Now, I wonder what the forefathers of this Mr Herbert Stanhope, for instance, have done to make the race bo much esteemed ?' ' You always were jealous of Mr Stanhope, John,' returned Ellen smiling; ' and I have a great mind to punish you by praising him. He li»s his faults, and I fear his vices, but I can tell yon, that I, in common with all at Ifcadconabe Manor, have every day muoh cause to he indebted to him.' 'To him? How so?' 'Because he is the only person who has any in fluence over Uncle Will/am. — You know my uncle is come back, I suppose ?' .' ' I havo heard that,' said Denton gravely. ''He is not improved, I cm afraid, if half I bear about him is to be credited.' ' He ia not what one would wish him to bo, John,' Bighed Ellen ; very far from it. He frightens us nil sometimes— even his mother herself ; he is so strange and violent. Aunt Bess is dead, poor thing ; and oh, it's a sad story 1' ' But he is going to repair that loss, as I understand, eh, Nelly ? A widowed life does not suit him.' 'What do yon mean, John ?' ' Why, is ho not going to marry Miss Waller? That is what ; they say at Moaedalo.' 'Lucy marry Unole William 1' exclaimed Ellen. ' Why. what will they not Bay at MoseiSale about marriages ? 0 no, John ; ' I am quite sure that is not true.' . ' Well, it's odd sue and her father aboulb. stay at the Manor so long, when their own house in close by ; altiiough, indeed, for that matter, Mr Stanhope does ( the same. Mr Waller was so good as to offer me hospitality, only he said matters of urgent importance prevented' his being at homo just bow.' ' Yes; Lucy said you were to be aaked to be their guest; but grandfather pressed them to stay on with us.' ' Indeed,' said Denton coldly. He was natur ally incensed with the old people, and had not even inquired after them. ' Then you don't thiak the young lady is going to be your auut in-law?' 'Most certainly not, John. She does not like Uncle William nor bis ways at all. Ob, they are snch bad way 8 !' «? What do yeu mean, Nelly ? Ia he rude and brutal? Why do you saffor suoh things? Why do you remain under the s »me roof with such a fellow, when I have one to offer you ? — not so fine a place as Bodcombe, I daresay, bnt still fit for even a young lady like you.' ' Oh, it isn't that, John. You know how gladly I would corns to you — marry you, my own darling, but' ? 'Bat what?1' answered the young man aoftly. ' Why not be mine at once, dear Nelly ? Have you not done enough, suffered enough, for duty's sako ? I will not speak of my own wretchedness ; bat yet I suffer also. Is an old man in bis dotage' ? 'Hush, John, bush ! I cannot listen to each words. You know bow good grandfather has been to me all my life; and you must not ask mo to desert him now, when he needs me more than ever— maoh more. I think it would kill him if I left him now. Ho has muoh, very much to troublo him. He is to changed of late, you would not know him. I am his only comfort, poor old man. Have patience with me, my own love.' She nestled in his bosom, and pleaded with such tearful eloquenco, that he could not gainsay her. 'I will try to have patience, Nelly, for yet a little longer : it cannot bo very long, surely. ' ' ? Patience and faith, darling. Promise me you will have no more doubts. I am yours till death, and no other'8.' ' I do believe that, dearest.' ' God blesa you for those words, Johnl How thankful I am to have heard you utter them. But I must go now. — No, you must not coino with me, nor be seon with me. You know I promised not to meet you ; and then, if Unole William only guesaod ? What's that ?' She started from hie arms in terror ; but therj was no sound but the soughing of the wind above them. ' You are afraid of this William Blaokburn,' said Denton gravely. ' I must stop that.' ' No, no, John ; I am not afraid ; at least, not on my owe account ; but some thing dreadful always seems impending. Do not detain me longer. Aud remember, dear, have faith.' She was gone in a moment, threading the wood with a owift and noiseless step ; and the echo of her latest words seemed to be taken up by the tree-topB, whioh whis pered abovo his head : ?? Have, faith — have faith.' ?.. . (2b &e; continued) 