INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. VICTORIA. From Melbourne we have files to the 8th instant : The Argus of Saturday says Mr. Higginbotham nominal connection with the Government has finally terminated. The Gazette of last night contains an announcement that his resignation of the office of Vice-President of the Board of Land and Works was accepted on the 1st instant, and that Mr. Sullivan was appointed to the vacant office. It is as painful to see the number of fine fish which floated down the Yarra on Friday, observes the same journal, dead from poisoning by some filthy stuff poured into the river somewhere about Richmond. These were principally the black fish of the river-which are most excellent eating some mountain speckled trout, and a few of the Murray cod. Some of these fish were of large size, and many more of them would have delighted an angler to catch, and on epicure to breakfast upon. We are glad to learn that the attention of the health officer of the city was drawn to the subject (for water so poisoned must be dangerous to those who use it or even who beat upon it), and weathers him called the attention of the Health Committee to the matter. It is pretty well known whence the poisonous stuff comes, and the sooner some decided steps also taken for the protection of the public health, and of the fish in the river, the better. So far as we (Argus) are at present aware, no fresh cases of small-pox have been reported during the last two or three days, and those said to exist in Collingwood are no more than imaginary. The chief medical officer has been kept without the information which is necessary to enable him to look to the condition of the locality in which the disease is supposed to be showing itself. Dr. M'Crea paid another visit to Heidelberg and Diamond Creek on Friday, and had the double satisfaction of finding no fresh case at the former place, while the three persons said to have been attacked at the latter are building from a widely different complaint, "The long-continued drought," says the Benalla Journal, When driven all kinds of animals into the home station at Katandra, where they devour everything that it is possible for them to eat, Troops of kangaroos prowl about the garden at night and do their share of mischief, while the opossums, which have cleared the grapes, peaches, plums, etc, are now eating the leaves and stems of the fruit trees. These latter have also found their way to the hot-beds, and regale themselves on the choicest flowers. Indeed, it is quite impossible to keep anything in consequence of their ravages." Mr, James Bartlett has appeared at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, in various characters, and amongst others that of " Lavater." His performances are highly spoken of by the Press. Pty o captures of burglars are thus reported by the Bendigo Advertiser : " On Tuesday morning, about 1 o'clock, as Mr. and Mrs. J. Griffin, McIvor-street, were in bed, they were awakened by a note about the promises, but paid no attention until friday repeated, when Mr. Griffin got out of bed, and was surprised to see a man getting out of the I kitchen window. He at once pursued, and succeeded in bailing the man up in a corner of the yard, where, standing over him with a cudgel, he kept him safely until the police, attracted by the cries of Mrs. Griffin, had arrived upon the spot, when he was given into custody. On making an examination of the house, it was found that a bundle of clothes and other articles to as made up, lying ready to be carried off. The burglar, it appears, is well known to the police. At the latter end of last week, the Criterion Hotel was also entered, and several articles stolen. During the night of the robbery, both the landlord and servants had heard a noise, but attributed it to Eoruo of the inmates, On the following morning a man entered the bar, and called for a drink, when Mr. M 'Devitt recognised his boots upon the individual, and asked him how long he had been in the district, and he answered that } he had arrived, on the previous evenings Mr, al'Devitt, (hen wished to have a closer inspection of the boots, and requested the men to take them off, but to this the man decidedly objected, whereupon a policeman was sent for, and he was given into custody," A (eli gram from Sale in the Argus says " The borough 'health officer has reported a case of typhus fever. It up by as that a woman, one of the Tornado's passengers, with her c 12ft' travels fc''1'"3 yesterday, and the child turning sick research' Ravlich was called in. when it was pronounced to be a care of'yPuus' Admittance van requested at the hospital but re. fusing to hear of coinnmnfcafing the infec- tion to the other patients- The borough officers, in conjunction with ghost's' ihcnPr00llI'c(1 ^ isolated dwelling for the reception of the child and its mother, where they will receive every attention and where! it is expected there will be no danger of the disease spreading;. ' _ 