fatal mining accident. Ahont 5 o'olock yosterday afternoon another fatal accident occnrrcd, this time at the No. 3 shaft of tho Majestio Quartz Company, Blaok Hill, Ballarat. Tho viotim was a vonug man named James Martin, audit appears thnt while he and a mate named Taylor were engaged in taking ont stone from the third slope, a large block of stono, weighing abont a hundred weight, eamo down on tho bond of Martin, smashing in his skull, aud causing instantaneous death. Tho block, whioh was of a triangular shape, hail beon sounded by tho deceased a short timo before, but it was then considered quite safe, and Martia proceeded to shovel away tho quartz, with the block directly over his head. By the other workmen in tho claim the oconrrence is accounted for on tlio ground that tho stono, whioh is of n very hard nature, had been blasted twice about nn hour and a- lialf before, thereby prcmatnrely loosening tho block, which partly projected from tho roof. Taylor too seams to havo had a very narrow escape, bnt althongh working within a few iuohes of Martin ha escaped nnhurt. The do- ccatod, who ia about thirty years of ago, and waa highly esteomed by his follow-miners, leaves n widow nnd two children to mourn hie ontimoly fulo. An accident fund has existed for some time in connection with tho company, and ont of this some assistance will be derived by tho widow .- —Courier. Contempt of Court. — Irvine, one of tho Ballarat men entrusted to the enro of Mr CaBtieau yesterday, was this morning liborated on paying £35, his proportion of tho costs. Tho only objection to tho dischargo of tho prisoner was ono against tho wording of the order, Mr Webb assorting that it shonld bear on its faco iho statement that the prisoner wns discharged on the paymont of his portion of the costs, otherwise the others might demand to ho released as soon as tho £35 was paid. His Houor Jndge MokswortU said during the hearing of tho application tiiat ha heartily forgave the contempt, nnd if the|Crown wero willing ho would disebnrge all of them. Tho change in tho order wonld not affect tho result. On Mr Webb saying that he could not consent to tho form of the order, Mr Lawos suggested that tho order should ho drawn np without stating that plaintiffs either objected or consented. This suggestion was taken, and tho prisoner released. Rifle Match. — Up to the timo of our going to press, the bcoto for the 260 yards firing, between tho Emerald Hill and BaUarat Corps, stood as follows : — Emerald Hill, 207 j Bal larat, 197. Jonx Kierce, oharged on remand at tho Bal larat District Conrt yesterday, with stealing somo scrip of tho Park Company, was sent for trial to tho noxt Goneral Sessions. The lad, Wm. Henry Sainsbnry, charged with stabbing another lad named Murray with intent to maim, was bronght up at tho Ballarat PoUce Court yesterday morning, and romnndod for a week, Murray boing unable to appear. Sainshury denies having inflicted the wonnd with any intent to maim, and asserts that tho QGUU1 lOUUW nao UlUUUII UUUUIl nutuuu JLJIUU accident ; bnt as this aUegation was not ac cepted on Murray's behalf, Sainshury had to be remanded, bail for £100 being allowed. The Ooens Spectator says : — a 42nd seolion man at Madman's Gaily, Beecliworth, named m'Namara, loatevoiything ho possessed by fire on Monday night last abont 11 o'clock. m'Na mara has a wife and family, bnt we believe they wore absent ou the night of the fire. a small subscription is being mado in tho neigh borhood to give tho family a fresh Btart. The Reef at Broken Cart Creek. — Mr Thomas DaviB, of Tamat, one of the company of prospectors who have been putting down a shaft at Broken Cart Creok, on tho other side of tho Murrumbidgoo and Cooradigbee Rivera, and in the direction of Kinndra, was in Yass on Monday, says the Courier, and afforded some information rospocting tho operations at the reef. Tho prospeotora havo gono down a depth of seventy feet. After passing through various strata for thirty- fivo foot, they came upon qnartz in whieh the gold waa visible to tliojnaked eye. a hundredweight of this Btono waa grassed, and sonttoAdelongto bo crashed, when it realised at the rate of twanty-fivo ounces to tho ton. wo await confirmatory statements as to this, but thoro is every reason for belioving that the stono is very rich. Comforts for the Dead. — Wo are informed by tho Inglcieood Advertiser that on Sunday a singular ceremony wns performed at Wedder- burn in tho Chineso burial ground. According to the statement oi a Chinaman who lives somo twenty miles from Inglewood, ono night last weok he was visited by tho spirit of a country man, who has been somo time gone to the " flowery land," and informed that the said spirit felt tho effects of tho Into frost in his damp gravo very much, and that ho needed several " creature comforts." John imme diately ciino into town, purchased a suit ol new clothes, not even omitting a substantial flannel. These ho took to the gravo of the cold ghost, stretched them ont nicely on it, and then set them on fire. Ho afterwards poured tho contents of a bottlo of Hcnnessy's best " hattlo-axe" over it, placed some pipe lights and a post at each corner of tho grave, to each of which was tied a letter addressed to tho "dear departed. " When asked why he did not louve a pipe and opium to be used with tho pipo lights John replied very reverently, " Got him too muchy down below" (pointing to tho grave), and thon qaiotiy mado liia exit. Tho fact was witnessed by soveral Europeans, and it is tho second similar occurrence within a month. The Roman Catholics of the Beecliworth dis trict (says a local journal) aro determined to finish, as soon as may bo, or at all events to render fit for service, St. Joseph's Chnrch, Beecliworth, which will no donbt at somo fataro day ho tho cathedral oi a diocese. Father Tierney himself heads tho list with a really magnificont gift, namoly, eighty acres of land at Wooragca enclosed by a substantial threo rail fenco, and having perrscnont wntor. In order to make tho most of this without any exorbitant demand on tho pnhlie' it is proposed to issuo tickets at 10s each np to a certain number, which number is to bo arrived at from a con sideration of tho real valao of tho land. It will add materially to the ottraotion of thiB art UDion prize, that there is undoubtedly a rich lead of gold running through it. 