NOMINATION FOR-MOBPBTH. The nomination of a member to represent the electoral district of Morpeth io the ensuing Parliament took place at the hustings, ereoted near the Court House Morpeth, | on Thursday, at noon There was not a very large attendance of electors at the commencement of tee meeting, hat the number increased before the proceedings dosed. The Betnrning Offioar (J B. B BofaerUon, Eaq } hav- ing read the writ addresssd to him by the GoTernor of the colony, and then expressed his hope tn*t the people of Morpeth would carry out the proceedings of that elec- tion in tbe same orderly manner II had characterised them oo all other occasions, Mr. 0 E MiooLZTOir proposed the name of Mr. James Campbell as a fit and proper person toropresentthe elec- torate in the ensuing Parliament. Hr O.K. Jio.uii seconded the nomination Mr Uicx nominated Mr John Keating as a fit and proper person to represent the electorate Mr ¿ M CJUSOLL seconded the nomination. Mr. OAMMIU- then came forward aud was received with load and continued cheering There wai the dummy, he aaid, standing before them and he wai not afraid to meet them face to faos like a man Theoppoimgcandidatehed called bio a dummy, bat be would tell them something of that gentleman, before he had done that he woald not like to bear (tsheera) He thanked them for the quiet hearing be had received from them at hie various meet- ings, and he woald tell them why he then esme before them He vu Dot so very anxious to represent that wonsUtuenoy or any other, bnt when he first came out as » candidate for their re presen tattoo he did so at tbe solicitation of npwarda of three hundred of the electors of Morpeth (cheers) It had been said that be had inter* fared with the private character of hie opponent Mr Keating. He denied hsviog done ao bat he had said that Mr Keating waa a candidate tor a Government at [nation (slightintarruptioa ) He would presently give them the data and all particulars He was, for hu own part, inde- pendent of any situation. He would not take a billet of £1500 a year (cheers) be wonld rather m»ke£j5j0 a year oat of his own business than be a Government haok to any man, or any set of men (renewed cheering) He would ahow them that he was not a dummy Like most of his countrymen, if they ronsed him they wonld find he oo old speak. (Interruption from the erowd, and some reference by some of the elec- tora to Sir James Martin )-If Mr. Martin had never done anythiig for them before he was the first to estab- lish the Sydney Mint, which was of immense beoeBt to the working classes (A voice How about the Gagging Aet.)-Never mind about the gagging act Thej abonld ?peak as favorably aa possible of the errors that they all J hadoommitted (InterrnpttoD and atefeieaceto "howl- ing idiots *') fie came among tbem a working man, and although ha only got £60 » year when be first oame he had never been afraid to speak np for the working olusei (applause). (Criss of ' Parkes-") He did not go with Mr Parkes m everything He did not go with bim ia hie Immigration sóbeme He did not pledge himself to go with any man (Renewed interruption ) H« was torry tbey made him drop the thread of his diaooarae, bat he woald try to piok it np at the next atitob ( App aoss ) The apaaker theo went into aobarge that he hai as a director of the H B ii. S N Company, acted unfairly with regard to the carnage of wool, which be utterly denied. (Considerable interruption was here offered by an elector who considered that he bad been ill nsed m the matter lu^uattion ) He also explained another charge which had been brought against bim with reference to the employment of piek'snd-shovel men He did not believe there ni a respectable Catholic in the constituency who wonld not vote for bim He would support any Ministry wboee measure« bethought beat for the interests of the .onntry. Ha had supported Sir James Martin and Mr. Parke" because he thought their Administration was the best the country had ever bad and be thought so still. Whatever the result might be, be would vote honestly, and ha believed ha should be returned at their repräsentative by at Isast ISO votes (oheers). With refereaoe to hie opponent he would say no more than Mr. Kutmg's own statements would bear out (The ?peaker wu hera about to read some letters, hot consi- dérable Interruption arose, which was oootinued every lima Mr. Campbell began to quote from the letters.) He would give them the contents of those letter« whether they liked it or not, evan if he had to stop there till twelve o'clock at night (interruption ) He »id nothing ?gainst his opponents private life, he only referred to his publia character, (some interruption again took placa A voice We wonld not have bad a Laud Bill only for Jack Bobertaon ) He (Mr Campbell) gave Mr. Bobwrtaon ondit for what be had done (renewed inter- ruption, and a reference made to same land said to be let by Mr. Campbell at £4 per acre ) He wonld explain «hat matter. Ho hsd not got the £4 per acre and .Mother thing waa he never intended to get it. He would not uk for it, although the min nada the offer to pay that price himself. (A voice " It's . great pity you joined Mr Parkes ")-He bad not joined Mr. Parkes, nor my one else. He wonld vote for whoever he thought would do most benefit to the country. Ht would not go io to be a delegate, but a representative. and he pretamed they were satisfied be did not go in to aeek a billet for himself (cheers) The reason he hsd oom« forward wu because he wu anxious to tee the con ?tltoepey represented by a gentleman of respectability at least, and be thought they would say ha wai not snob a dauamy after alL (Cheers and interruption, In the coarse .f whiob a reference was made to his not having resigned when palled upon by some of the electors to do io ) Be wonld exp'ein -He had been elected by 303 vo es, and if SO* electors bad called upon him to real ii n he would have done sa, but dummy si he wu be could take his stand and defend himself, and be wu not going to resign at the bidding of a aligne (Hr. Campbell tried to read tbe letters before alluded to, but was prevented by the oon tuoal interruption ) He then referred to varions local ?attest ha had procured for the benefit of the electorate, mora particularly the Morpeth town clock, and tk% assist ?nea ho had procured to the sanaren by the fined* Tbe .peaker than, after several attempts, obtained a hearing «bil« bo read the letters already alluded to, which were »Dfliaatiau to him from Mr. Keating, to procure hua the situation of postnuiter at Morpeth! on the ooeaeion of the death of the late postmistress, (Moah ioterroption .wu given doriog the reading of tba-lat-«re. A remark wai mada to the orowd by air'Taylor, whereupon thro» cbcrs were «iven tor Mr. Taylor, and *f|«,«S¿S/ «uni!«- compliment m paid to Mr. 8-,-*^iw *V In continuing "hi« addreii Mr. **"*»« *0 he hsd never gireo a vo^r^tf^,;"? accordance with his e>n*&Z;&*****"fj"r; first elected it waa well *#&-**>oalj pled«\\*tb-î Marlin rather tba«. *3¿f*¡s¥á ' "PP°Ï .Swíe",lí h* then K"v(2^«.i.-*«A»d'ica.iou,andbeahowed to r*¡¡ffov.%£rl¿d oot bia principle«, and he nadoppeaed that ^¿^»iihTefereuoB to the fob io Si bonis Act. Be ' «£t>ffJ/ approved of the denominational system where tas« papojetioo was lame euougb to snpport it, hut where ina inhabitants were so few that thej cau'd not get twenty «five children to attend a denominational school, they had better have one good public school, to bring the members of the different soots up in peace and harmony, rather than two or three denominational schools where the masters woald be half starr i DI;. He did not intend to do anything to upset the Poblio Schools Act, but if it was coe administered fairly, he would assist to upset the Board, no matter whether it was Mr. Parkes, or, u the laying is, " any other man." The battle of btate- aid to religion be had already fought for thtm, and he still thought it would he better to send ministers of the different denomutttope into the thinly populated parts of the country, than let the shepherds I and bollock drivers perish without any of the consola* ' tiona of religion (arjplanie). A perhaps ne popular vote that he had given waa In tavor of doubling the tea and ingar duties; but he hsd done so because the credit of the colony ia London wat at stake. What wonld they be j if they let their credit at tbe great emporium of the world go down Î Referring to the subject of rail* ways, he took that opportunity of expressing his thanks to a gentleman then behind him-Mr. Benjamin Lee but for whom they would have had no railway at Mor- peth-whether it was for good or for evil (applause) He wonld next alinde to the poll-tax, brought in by Mr Samuel, by whiob every farmer wonld have had to pay £2 for oarryiQg on hie business, and 10s for every man he employed He had never voted for inch a mea- sure, and he never woald. The Stamp Act he might vote for, to keep op the credit of the colony but he would never inpport the legany and succession duties. When a poor woman lost her husband or a aon bia father, the loss wu sufficient without a tax being placed opon the little property they had left behind -With reference to what had been said about his being an enemy to the Catholic», Mr Campbell explained his eon duct with refer* euee to the Be» P M Quinn, of Berrima, he had voted for justice being done to that reverend gentleman, all though both Mr Robertson and Mr Parkes voted against it. With regard to the Felons Apprehen- sion Bill which he had voted for, be showed that at the time the country wu overrun with bushrangers bat after the palling of that Act baibrenfe.ng wee very soon settled throogboot the country lhere wu another Act be wonld refer to, which wu, as it were, an addition to the Public bohools Act, he meant the Act establishing Reforma ory Schools It had at present only been tried io two instances the Industrial Schcol at Newcastle, and the «hip Vernon The latter bad been porcbued at per- haps too bigh a price, and it was found that tbe expenses of tbe boya were too great-£50 a year (At this stage of the proceedings a vebiclecoctaihiagMr J Dillon, the newly elected member for the Homer, arrived and waa greeted with threecbeersfrom the assembled electors) The Reformatories Aot was intended to be farther applied, it waa intended to establish* Indaat'ial ticbools ID various parU of the colony, to train op neglected children m babiti of honest industry, instead of allowing tbem to roo about and get a living the beat way they could Waa that not an Act that would prove beneficial to tbe country ? That and the other Acta be had referred to were brought m and earned by the Martin Amiuistration. It was those acts which caused him to believe that Administration to be the best we have ever had, and he still entertained tau same opinion (A voice Bow enoot the Treason Felony Ant ) That Act never did any harm (interruption) It any man thought he wunot under good Government ia this colony (a reference waa here made by an elector to Irish grievances) Ho bad nothing to say about Irish past grievances (an elector " What doea Mr P&rkee; aay of the Irish ***) If it bad not been for tbe Irishmen Mr Parkes wonld never have been returned fir two eonatitn I enciei as he nu (cheers and uproar) Betonung to the Treason Felony ¿et, he would only say that if any one wu dissatisfied with bia liberty in tbu country, we could alford to let him go to where he could find a freer one but he wonld be a long time travelling before be foond it (cheers). (An elector made some remarks about Fe* nuns)-air. Campbell presumed that the person who spoke wunot a fenian-(The elector "IndsdePm not far from te, av I got a chance," interruption and laugh ter). Mr. Campbell then referred to the attempted re- moval of tbe dredge from the river. On that occasion the elector» had strengthened his hands, for the only time siooa he had been their representative, He advised them, whoever they might return on that occssioo, whenever they had any local want, to atrengtbea tba hands.of their representative by petitions and publie meetings, as they bad done on that oooiaioo. It had been aaid that he was opposed to a bridge at Hinton, bnt be told them that the interest! of tbe people of Hinton were hu own interests. He never neglected their interests, and he must say he had r ceived as much for the electorate from the present Government of Mr Robertson as he ever bad from the administration of Mr. Martin It was ooly fair to them that he should thus publicly give them all the credit they deserved. He promised them he would advocate a bridge at Hinton as (sr u lay in his power.-1 be speaker here commenced to speak of the benefits of the Municipalities Act, bat considerable interruption took place among the crowd He saw there, said Mr. Campbell a greatnumber of ladies, and he was glad to see them taking an interest in pollitos. He would uk them to give three cheers for the ladle«, (three cheers were here moat lustily given ) If be cold bave the ladies all on bis side be would Dot care a farthing about ona of the meo (laughter) The railway system wai then referred toby the candidate ¡ he tbongbt we ought to pause when the three great termini-Murru- rundi, Goulburn, and Bathurst-were reached. He did not wonder that rail weja did not pay when he saw that suoh immense sams were to be raised u were now on the Estimates to re-lay the permanent way between Sydney and Parramatta-a line tbat bad coat from £45,000 to £50,000 per mile in ita construction in the first instance Ho thoa alluded at length to various services he had been the meant of rendering to the Borough Connell, be had procured them a grant of £100 for the repair of the Main Northern Boid at the lime of the Hoods, and there wu now £125 on the titimates for a similar purpose He bad alto procured them a grant of £120 to maka the approaches to the punt He had been accused of being an Uraogemso which he denied, bat if he bad been an Orangeman fae ahonld not bave considered himself a bit the worse But he defied then to say that when be engaged a man be bad ever asked him what religion be wes (cheers). Ha had intended to have given tbem another bonr, but he would cooelode, u be saw they were getting warm.-as he wu himself He thanked tbem for their kind bearing, and promised to be satisfied with their verdict, whether it wu for him or against (loud and continued cheering). Tbe greater part of Mr. Campbell's eddreu wu marked oy continual interruptions from different persons in the u&embled; crowd. Mr. Joss Ka ATI KG was1 received with a barst of cheer- ing mingled with a few groans. He aaid that at all his meetings thiy most have been impressed with the idea that he had said nothing of anybody touching their pri- vate character, that ho had said nothing io the laut injurious to any one (cheers). Notwithstanding that fact, Mr. Middleton had endeavoured that day to throw bim into ridiculo as much aa be could [Mr. MIODLBTOH Jso, no,] He (Mr. Middleton) first began by talking about a parrot and a bit of bread, but he (Mr. K.) con- ceived Mr. Middleton had to work for his living u well u he had (Mr. MIODLITO* Yes, and proud of it), and he looked as much like a parrot as he (Mr. Keating) did. At all events, be could hold np bil bead quite u high ai Mr. Middleton, although the latter wu a J P He (Mr Keating) had taken an active part io every movement for tbe good of the town, he wu always m a leading position m all such movements (oheers). Mr. Middleton had likened them to gorillas. Now they knew that a gorilla wu one of the raostotjeotionablekind of animals, and if any person applied inch a term to his fellow crea- tures he could not be very favorable to his own species. He had likened thsm to baboons, and that was a favorite word of Mr. Parkes*. (Confutes. "Three cheers for Parkes"-oheers '* Three groan» for Parkes**-groans.) Mr Middleton had farther said that ha bad only £40 a year, bat be could essore Mr. Middleton that he wu in receipt of three forties He bad great pleasnie in in- forming them that u far as the elections had gone, the | ministerial candidates were in the uoendant, and that in the new Parliament, the Robertson Administration would oarry the away (oheers) Mr Keating proceeded to read tba names of the Ministerial candidates who have been returned, amid much cheering for tit» Robertson party. They woald agree with bim that the Parkes-eum-Bucba san party wu goiogbebiad, and that the Robertson Ad- ministration wera goiog np (cheon) He wu now going to tell theo a little storv-some of the Martin suppor- ters were taming tail (laughter), perhaps Mr. Campbell woald verify the story He bad been told on verv good authority that Mr GimpbeU had been en quinn g whether his chance of success woald be grwter if he said he would support Mr. Robertson (great confusion, and enea of no no, "be never said so," "it's »be"). He was now going to point oat to them the tool of the Parkes' Administration (voices i Ko tool). Mr Campbell bad aapported Mr. Parkes ia preventing supply being granted for two or three months, to the injury of the omi servants of the colony, who conld not get their aslanes. He also made one of those obstructionists by whom the dissolution of the lut Parliament wu brought about, although Mr. Robertson bad thirty measorea to propote. Mr, Campbell had joined that factions opposi- tion, which had farmed relays of talkers to mouth it in the Asaembly is forty speeches, and io privent the pas- sage of the Assisted Immigration Aot tbe retrenchment system of the Government, and many, other meunna which would have benefited the coon try and have been conducive to the general welfare. Mr. Campbell was certainly not such a dummy u he (Mr Keat- ing) had thought him, he bad kept tbem out ia the sun a long time, and had mide himself and them rather warm He wu sorry a religious cry hsd been raised against bim in this election, it wu wrong to ssy he had turned Bomen Catholic, that he bad taken his seat in the Roman Catholic ohurch, that fae wai taken np with Catholics, and that be hsd given money to the Pope (a voice i Didn'tyongivemoneytotheFopef) He denied all this, and ha did not believe Mr. Campbell was a ?tannabar protestant than he was He would give every man a right to exercise his own religious opinions, and he detested any man who would raiu ft religious cry to foster sectarian differences for political purposes Mr. Campbell had been in the house five years, bat what had he done? He told them that when he wu returned that he would support State-aid, and although be voted in that matter u ha (Mr. Keating) wonld bava done, yet when a man made professions he ?honld adhere to tbem. Mr. Campbell knew u well u be did that if money voted for any work in any district wu not expended, tbe balance waa retomad to the Trea- sury, and therefore bo should have bestirred himself so that the £4000 unexpended on the coal shoots might have been used lor the employment of labour in the district (oheers), bat ho had not done so If they bad had a more energetic member, that money woald bare been spent for labour among tbe people (cheers) Mr. Camp- bell had also been nutruB to his pledgee upon the education question. He (Mr Keating) could tell them with regard to himself, that be liked to live where his money wu made, and he bad taken np Morpeth, for his residence, and had snnk many thousand pounds there, his wife and bis ohildran all liked Morpeth, and there they chose to remain. (Cheers ) He would now leave tbe.e things, and refer to a little politics (cheers). He might say he hoped he woald never see the day when Mr. Parkes and Mr. Buchanan sat at the head of affairs. He would go in to nie all hu energy against tbem, and resist them to the utmost of bis power (cheers) They would remember what Mr Parkes hsd Mid some yean ago, when Mr. Gavan Daffy landed in the colony, yet Mr. Parkes eonld make a speech opon the Assisted Immigration Bill that wu a disgrace to tho colony, and wu another evidence of his meant.au and hu I ir^j7apÍrlf'i>tl|f »Thition and io« [ intolerant ipiflfc, ¿Theart of Mr Parkes (no, no, and tolerenc«¿5¡£oeilfaBlon,) He w" not "»t»fiBd w,lh chBwtf^/ctrttW for Mut Sydney, but he would go end stand J ¿fícttm*, mast go to that electoral ohurf 1 Turd, wr-ere ftt waa to 6B hoped the Ghost watt bur ted, at d I e retornrd there (laughter and coofuiioo ) With Mr Peukt» wa* associated the celebrated Mr Uavitf Buchanan, who bad lectured on the " Wrongs of Ireland," and he ( Mr Keat log) bad beard Mr. Buchanan make a most disgraceful speech m Sydney the other evening quit at variance wi h his former professions Mr Keating al'nded to the Ltctor, *nd assured the electors that no fear need be eitertained that ander the Roberton Minis try supported as it was by Protestant«, tbe oniony would ever become a province of tbe Pope Ther should put their foot opon the religions cry that hsd been ramed, and senil in men that wonld support a liberal government that would seek the good of the country, fhey shoo d endeavour to pot down religious aci monty, they should remember all that Mr Robertson hsd done. The Assisted Immigration Bill vu not in- I tended to Introduce one nationality into the colony at ihe expense of another, although that waa made a politic»! orr , vote by ballot had been given them, acd manhood suffrage by Mr Cowper aided by Mr. Robertson, instead of that obnoxious despotic and irregnlsr dante in Mr Martin's Municipalities Act, by which according to the amount of rates paid, tbe ratepayers had a greater or len number of vote--he referred to the oom ni at i re voting system They eoold judge from this whick wu Liberal.-Cowper or Martm ( Three cheers wer» given for Mr. Cowper ) Mr. Robertson, in 1861, introduced the Land Bill, which gave the privilege to every poor working man to select 320 urea at 30s. per awe, Tbe molt was that many fermera had gained peace and prosperity upon land of their o en (cheers) At the present time there were no lett than 24,000 free sélections, 20 000 free leleotors, or abont 100,000 pBnons, the families of these, living upon their own property (cheers) lu 1861 only £93,000 had been paid into the treamry from the squatters, now they paid tba sum of £260,000 per annum. They would see, therefore, how the people and the country bad been im. proved by Mr. Robertson's land act (cheers). Mr. Keat- ing then sketched the conrea of the Parliament during tbe last five years, and referred to the conduct of the Opposition at the close of lut session. He defended himself against a charge that be woo'.d be a disgrace to the'Parliament, and said he stood there'an honest man, and that wu the handiwork and glory of God (cheers). He said be had always advocated a draworidge tor Hinton, that be had always been working amongst them and for them, and had devoted his energies to their good, and wu therefore entitled to stand betide Mr, Campbell and ask them for their suffrages. If tent in, he would promise to rttnrn at the end of twelve months and show that he was no disgrace to the Parliament, but to let them see that he waa a maa who would pe.form bis duties (cheers). They would appreciate a person in every way worthy of tbeír oonfidsnoe on this oceuîon. He would resigo at the request of a majority of the elec- tors, and would, u be said, come before them at the end of tbe first year, and give an account of his stewardship. They knew already his political opinions ; he hoped they would pUce him at the head of the pall (cheers). Mr. Keating in answer to questions said he wu in favor of triennial parliaments, of retrenchment and tha redno tion of the large salaries, of compétitive examinations in the civil service, and of the eight hoar movement. Mr. Middleton wished to ask a question, bot the crowd would not hear him. ' A ahowof hands being called, "wu declared tobe in favor of Mr. Campbell. Mr. Keating demanded a poll. Cheers for tha Returning Officer, the Queen, Mr, John Robertson, and Mr. Keating, closed the prooud 