GOOD FRIDAY. ? ^— ? Good Friday is a day peculiar in the calendar a« being neither Sunday nor workday. To a large section of the religious community it is a fast day, and partakes largely of the character ol the Sabbath ; by another very large section H is not regarded with any particular de gree of veneration, and is made thn vehicle for pleasure-seeking, and enjoy . t- x. th08e 6ngaged in the business establishments in the city, it presents ono of tbe few holidays that fall to their lot, and by tnem it is embraced with eagerness. The weather on Thursday had been very threaten ing, but a more enjoyable day than yesterday could hardly have been chosen, and Melbourne and its environs poured out its thousands at every available point of outlet, and nothing that we have hoard has anywhere occurred to mar wo general enjoyment. THE CHURCHES. In tha Episcopal communions there is no more solemn swuon than that of Passion week. *rom the services of Palm Sunday, com wemorative of the Saviour's last journey^ Sd ?«' Ih°D tha ™^«* strewecUhe bXjf1 branSbe8 of P8lm whiIe their Mlelujahs asoendeS to Heaven, to the climax when, on cross- croirned Calvary, he cried ' It is finished,' and bowing hig head gave up _ the ghost, the services are the most solemn it is possible lot the human heart to conceive. During each day of the week, prayers ascended from both the Anglican and tbe Roman Catholic Churches. For yesterday, _ the Anglican Church pr»vidos special services, and in the Cathedral Church of St. James's, St. Peter's, St. Paul's, St. Mary's, St. John's, St. Jude's, St. Mark's, and in all tho suburban churches belonging to the Anglican communion, full and attentive congregations assembled at morning and ovoning prayer. In the Roman Catholic communion,- the Mass ef the Pre-sanctifiod was performed in all the churches, but particularly at the (shurch of St. FranciB1 and St. Patrick's Cathedral were the gervicos most worthy of notice. At St. Francis' Church, in the forenoon, mass was celebrated by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, and a sermon preached by the Rev. W. Kellv, S.J. In the evening the service of the tcnebnt was performed, when a very large cengrogation filled tho church, making even standing room unavailable. The Rev. Isaao Moore, S.J., preached an eloquent and impressive sermon in aid of .the funds of the Melbourne Hospital. The rev. preacher mentioned in the conrse of his remarks that during tho year 1868 22,000 per sons received tho benefits of t'ae hospital, and since the commencement of the present month 688 individuals were recipients of its succor. After the sermon a collection was made, and a sum of £134 subscribed. In St. Patrick's Cathedral the sermon wan preached in tho morning by the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, who took the opportunity of explaining the peculiar ser vices of thoChurch at this Beason, his remarks being chiefly dirooted to tho members of other Christian communions who were present. In the evening the usual devotional services were performed. SAKDRIDOE AND THE BAY. The little Borough of Sandridge presented a very gay. and lively appearance throughout tho whole of yesterday. From an early hour the influx of holiday seekers poured in in a con tinuous stream, and shortly after_ nine o'clock the various steamers were becoming crowded with pleasure- seekers. As they took their de parture, the Titan and the Mystery for Queens cliff, and tho Challenge and the Reliance for Snapper Point, the np-turned countenances of the passengers beaming with gladness, and ex pressive of a determination for ono day at least to leave care behind, the spectator was forcibly reminded of the gala days at home, when London pours out its thousands in holiday trips to Graves end and the Nore. The Gem steamer al«o made trips to and from Williamstown, and was well patronised throughout the day. The boatmen from Sandridge, St. Kilda pier, and Williumstewn were also busily employed taking visitors to the Nelson blockship, while the Bay wbb alive with sailing and fishing parties. The Saltwitor River was a great point ef attraction, not less than 200 or 300 ardent disciples of Isaac Walton being engaged in the_ gentle art. Snocess, of course, was wooed in vain by many of them, luckily for the fishes ; nevertheless those who only got a nibble seemed to enjoy themselves as much ax those who suooeeded in accomplishing a bite. ST. KILDA. This convenient and favorite resort was as well attended as ever: but there was this pecu liarity to be observed, that the visitors who came to walk about tho pier, tho esplanade and tho sands far exceeded in number thoso who had ootne with a stern and unbending prede termination to make a pionicking duy of it amongst tho heaps of sand between the clumps of tea-tree scrub, and whioh said heaps of sand would have made most luxu rious lounges but that the finer partioles had an unroasoning partiality for getting into the eyes and hair. Still there wero numbers of turkeys, geese, ducks, sucking pigs, plum puddings, Scotch pies, trotters, black bottles, with tho genuine battle axe rampant brand, and others which looked ready to pop out of sight on tho appearance of Mr|Bronckhorst, all thoroughly enjoying themselves on the prin ciple that it is more blessed to give than to reoeive. Gradually, however, the Baudwiches began to be numbored amom; the pleasures of memory, and melancholy -looking pieces of newspaper might be seen miserably condoling with debauchod looking bottles of all sorts and sizes, and of various degrees of cellar aristocracy, but all looking as if they had exihangad corks, and felt severely the emptineBB of all sublunary things. The weather was remarkably fine, a bracing southerly breezo blowing the whole afternoon, while tho sun shone brightly ; and even at night, when ' tho moon that gilds the gloomy shades of night,' asserted her gentle sway, many cooing pairs might have boen seen taking astronomical observations throngh eaob. other's eyes. It must not be passed over that the varionB baths had a most busy time of it. Mr Kenney'a Ladies' Baths we're well filled throughout the day, bnt particularly so before eleven in the morn ing and after two in the afternoon. Tho gentle men's baths were also well patronised. BRIGHTON possesses many attractions for tho pleasnre seoker'which other sesbeards do not afford. Along with being accessible by railway, it com bines nearness to the metropolis with all the delights of inland rural scenery and seaside beauties. Those who love — to rovo tho lonoly boaoh Where billows burst in foam upon the rocks, can gratify their weakness at this enchanting spot, though yosterday tho sands were not at all 'lonoly.' Persons who desire to get a glimpse at a bit of agricultural land, to refresh _ the eye after months of gazing on dusty streets,' can satiate themselves as well. Yesterday, the weather being beautiful, Brighton was seen to advantage, and could bo enjoyed. Nnmbers thronged to it, to picnio or enjoy a ramble, and tho seaside and the interior pre sented an unusually lively appearance. Perambulators wero in requisition in different directions, and heads of families bore their tender offspring in their arms in nu morous instances. The 'busses' not having yet commenced to run to Brighton, cabby did well, many prefering a drivo in ii car to a rail way trip. In tho evening the road to town was unwontedly traversed, and the ordinary solitude gave way for the nonce to the noisy wheels of vehicles, and tho hearty hut not baccha nalian laugh and animated converse of their occupants. THE SURVEY PADDOCK. This favorite spot seems to bo growing yearly in pnblio favor. Yesterday there was not a sequestered spot which had not its party of picnickers, rand thoBO individuals who were unfortunate enough to arrive late wore com pelled to accept the more exposed situations. The scene was muoh enlivened by the presence of the ohildren (about 300) of the Richmond Wesleyan Sabbath Schools, who were kolding their annual picnio in thiB paddock, and who wero enjoying themselves in that hearty though boisterous manner that only children can do. STUDLEY PARK. Here also crowds of pleasure-seekers re paired, and the hill- sides, commanding the beautiful views of Melbourne and the surround ing conntry, were dotted over with individuals intent on enjoying their holiday in a rational manner. In some parts of the Park 'kiss in the ring' wag being indulged in with perhaps more heartiness than decorum ; in others cricket was the order of the day, and everywhere en joyment appeared te be the ruling spirit ; while an entire absence of intoxication added not a little to the general pleasure. THE RIVEn. It is apparent that aquatics have lost none of their attraction on tke pleasure seeking public, for from early morning to an advanced hour of the evening boats of all sorts and sizes, loaded with freights as various as themselves, con tinued urging their way up the river, which consequently presented a gay and animated ap peoranco. From the solitary individual in the canoe to the party of two or three and twenty in tbe shallop, all seemed to be enjoying them selves in the manner moBt congenial to their tastes. THE RAILWAYS. These likewise contributed their quota to tbe general fund of publio enjoyment, in the shape of excursion trains at reduced fores, to the up-conntry districts, an Ballarat, Sund hnrst, Castlemaine, &c.; ; and to the various watering places, Sandridge, St. Kilda, and Brighton boach. The public, recognising the advantages afforded, availed themselves of them to h, considerable extent ; consequently the traffic yesterday, on both the Victorian Railways and the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay lines, wag very large. The Sadowa Mining Company, Talbot, ob tained 301 oz for the fortnight. 