CHARACTER OF POPE PIUS IX" " (by gavazzi.) The, influx of auditors testifies to the ' growing interest of these Italian haran gues; and wo noticed in . the crowd , several distinguished ; members of the, Ena-lish bar: as well as mariv artists of C i ' celebrity, whose' attendanco we' aro not surprised at ;' ' for, whether as'a new and: exquisitely classic niodbly of oratorio de livery, or a perfect' : study ' of varied and! picturesque attitude, there is nothing'ih Xoridon" that can stand a lriomfcnt's com parison with the dramatic : or forensic display of this unrivalled speaker. To the initiated in Italy's musical idiom, the rich resources of his varied and forcible vocabulary must be a subject of perfect astonishment ; while, to the simple specta tor, the rapid succession arid variety of the orator's pantomime arid intonation, passing alternately from calm argument of soothing pathos to withering denuncia tion, suffice in themselves to convey the -exact transition of feelings and emotions to which he gives appropriate utterance in a language of unapproachable har mony. ' The Father's appearance on the raised orchestra, when he prepared to address the assembly', by flinging the folds of his black mantle over his shoulder so as to reveal the cross of his order, was hailed by a burst of welcome. .He came> he said, to talk to them of a man once . dead to .them all, and , most of all to himself, who had known him in personal inter course — a man whose every act had been watched with intense solicitude, whose every successive movement had caused the hearts of millions to throb in succession, with hope, joy; alarm, despondency, and despair. He spoke of ' the man Mastai, not of the met. vie Fio Nono : disrobed of the sacerdotal stole, which is his own, deprived of the usurped sceptre, which is not, ho recognised the bishop, though he repudiated the king. He came to-dny to arraign him in his character of priest as v/cll as of patriot, to put him at the bar of his God as well as of his country. At this time of day the farce of a donation from Cohstantine, or the legendary muni ments of King Pepin, or the more sub- .stantial legacy of Etrurian Matilda,, wore equally all : anaclironous ; pretensions.1 The day is gone by for nations' to' rank' as', objects' of transfer, V '.barter ,: bargain'; ' 'or- . inheritance. ' , . '.To,, become.'.' the '„ personal chatties. of ' kings was. ignominious enough for mankind ; to 'sink into -a drove ; of. clerical cattle;was a still more inoblcr lot. . The grounds; i>f<veireignty\\!arej various, but the most rotten claim of ;tlie whole ;was the title by 'wliicli-'Hhe i,;Popo'-'now'- lorded;' ovrir Rome, a depo'sib of'' royal" rubbish shot out of the '.French baggage , carts at the; gates of ; the Vatican. Scorn ing to notice : the: King, lie arraigned 1 the man for liiglv misdemeanours against the land of .li is: fathers J and . tlio church', of, God, ,, . , v !:.,i . 'Ghristianity.had: passed'. the ordeal of a century of .sarcasm :,tlie. irony of, the shaft of.ridcule had failed:; , it remained to see: liow' the Papal' system would1 stand the test' arid'the::scrritiny of a thinking generation. , 'It; was no fair triaPofiit's efficiencyito .viewiit, under the vacillating ' policy of 'Leo XII.; ' or the . stolid ahd'.druhkcn tyranny ' ,(iT nbbriaco ...denjyr'.pf.thp sixteenth , , Gregory. Give it a chance under the. sway of. a ;geritleman .with,!a heart in his-heifomy was 'the'eryhpf its apologist.; ; The hour' came, arid the ..man., . Did not , the, nations of earth clap their bands.at the.sightof the long desiderated spectacle ?— was not the .PppbdOm'at.lasfto'sb.t at: rest, the doubts ,nn.d.m.isgivnngsp|;:.man Ooijjd 'they still- say, a Churchman inevcr. .yet forgave wlven the word1 anmesty';wns: proclaimed ? wlien the' power of the ''keys' was for once' used to ' inibar a prison ? ' At the .PfqgUPPH.9 .sC.,S,,ibi®.rarcliys. .linked... with; our common humanity after centuries of disseverance; ; Europe) rose i in . rapturous recognition: Germany and England, the ' great laboratories.. of: ..intelligence, began to. study: the phenomenon with eager gaze'. France, even . under Guizot and Philippe's leaden; influence, caught up! a sort ;;of -spasmodic enthusiasm ; America7 wafted over .the Atlantic on the wings of steam the exulting plauditsof:her;freemen;<: and even Turkey (not to speak of the Spanish peninsula) : hailed, jthc 'civilising change. The Jews joined, ill the general gratula- tions, and began to suspect the coming of their Messiah, . so stupendous was the . prodigy of a philantrophic Popedorir. Need I describe the effect in Italy ? The social mischief of ages at once ; eradicated, hypocrisy, abashed, religion redeemed from the baseness of a trade, to. become .a senti ment and a boast— youth and: manhood won at once to prize and practise its in culcations." The Father, after a glowing picture of the prospects of Ghnstian ;'piety -iiv the different states of Italy -consequent Ph the new attitude of the liiglv priest; drew a dismal contrast; in which the utter' odium of every ecclesiastical - ordinance and' the loathing of church ministrations; now visible so painfully among all classes, have succeeded, without hope 'of change but:in the death of the present occupant of the Papal chair. He ascribed the jsad catas trophe as entirely owing to the radical de fect of his character — la mala fedc— that fatal incapacity for plain-dealing which, in the histtfty of modern times, has -been exemplified by the Stuart and the Bour bon, Charles I. and Louis XVl.,produe- tive in both cases of unforgiving hostility to the throne as now to the' tiara. Men will overlook anything but a paltry attempt to clieat them on the part of monarclis — an outrage on their feelings as well as an insult to their understand ings — -despicable in a king, in a pope un pardonable. The speaker proceeded to trace this systematic habit of deception (the resource of timid and imbecile minds) in the earliest acts of bis pontificate, and in the wording of his' various encyclical and political manifestoes, whether in the full noon of his 'popularity or in ' the dis astrous eclipse of Gaeta; ho never could be got to look a plain question in. the face, his object being constantly to mystify and delude. His untruthfulness was exem plified by many flagrant instances, and among the rest, the Father drew an amusing sketch of his interviews with, and subsequent repudiation of, Lord Minto. He demonstrated how hollow from the. first was his grant of constitu tional forms to the Romans, never having had the slightest intention of surrender ing a particle of Papal despotism. His adoption of Rossi as an instrument of deceit, was characterised as the acme of treachery. His disguise as a footman, and his ignominious flight, were but the natural impulses of a low cheat, reduced to, the vilest expedients of trick and -evasion. His notable discovery of a canon in the Council of Trent, by which "the 'Republic was excommunicated," arose from, flip, same obliquity of mind;, as he; must have been conscious that the canon he quoted only applied; to parties misap-. prbpriatiiig , church revenues, aud not to a nation; averting anarchy by self-constituted government, when abandoned by the chief magistrate, whose flight was intended to- create 'cpn fusion and bloodshed; thou 2I1 in tli'atyillanous .'scheme he was -"doomed1 to. disappointment. False at heart,; lie charmed the heavy hours of his ignoble residence at G aeta by the promulgation of falsehoods, denouncing , the Republic for .having impeded the sacerdotal ministry,: when the first act of his- return .was to . in- , Ccii cci die xoi yii 1 cs 1 d j iV n ubw cuii> 11 1 111 _ was rhino own, that of having assisted the wounded- and the dying, victims 'of his: : bombarding auxiliaries:" 'What more outrageous exhibition of a false and fraud ulent idiosyncrasy, than.' his professed ab-. , horrerice of war and bloodshedding, when; summoned by the; voice of Italy to head the general uprisihg in! the glorious effort to shake off Austrian bondage, contrasted with, his eager outcry for foreign help, and his truculent appeal' to- the cut-throats of Spain,. Portugal, Naples, and. France, to come and gorge their sanguinary maw on the vitals of- bleeding. Rome? .and, not content with imbruing bis consecrated hands in tlic blopd of' his people— riot .satisfied . with crushing the manhood of the Eternal.- City under an avalanche of foreign savagery — he did what a priest alone could do, without feeling the full depth , of , self-degradation— he foully .traduced the womanhood of his country, by. proclaiming to Christendom as prosti tutes the wives and daughters of Rome, 6000 ' of whom, including. . every rank, thronged the - hospitals . during the siege, obeying the generous impulse of a humane and patriot.feelirig, to bo rewarded by the Ilaardly; l.detractioh of this sacerdotal purveyor of broken limbs and gaping wounds to the, military ambulance of his capital. He, too, became an amateur visitant of the hospitals, hut restricted his visitations to the .French, among whom he was profuse of rosaries and other amulets from the Vatican toy-shop, amid the jeers of the unbelieving Gaul. Meantime, the common rites of decent burial were grudged to the defenders of their country ; and in his evening drives to wards the Villa Pamfili he seemed to sniff with complacency the odour of. his own handiwork. Did the calamities he brought on us make inroad on his corpulence? Back he came from exile with undiminish ed, rotundity and prosperous obesity, a credit to .the Portici larder and Gaeta kitchen- to rest his weary head, weary with devising impostures, on the pillows of his Roman pavilions, to the distant music of the mother's groan, the sister's lamentation, and the shrieks of widow hood.' "He has, forsooth, a conscience so deli cately-organised, that the great obstacles to his statesmanship are his tender' scruples. Why, the man has not common honesty ! In his dealings with Piedmont what cares be how lie damage the Chris tian creed, if bo can turn it into an engine of' Austrian : intrigue, and annoyance? Can ho not wink at the shooting of priests in Lombardy, and trials at the drum-head there of clerical patriots ? while in Sar dinia, to put a sacerdotal swindler or adulterer at the bar of his country, is found by' this man of unblushing duplicity to be a sacrilege. He can pocket the alms of Christendom, and employ them in sub sidising a lot of wretches to shout at his chariot-wheels as they roll over the stones of Rome, ready to rise in mutiny against his abhorred rule. He can distribute gold medals to his police andtoMontalem- bert, bestow a golden diadem on the wink- ing Madonna of liimirii,. arid cripple the trade and crush the industry of the whole territory, and deliver rip to Jew brokers the resources of generations' yet unborn. He can keep men in irons for eighteen months without trial,, like Cerimsohi, Monsignor Gazzola, and the gallant Major Calendrclli. The first has been acquitted, the second has escaped his malignity, and the last still lingers, untried and un accused, in the sacerdotal dungeons ; and people talk of his ' remorse,' and his wish to 'renounce the tiara, and carry into, re tirement a heart stricken with the. woes of his country ! ''. Why, - the last interview I had with the man, his first word to me was, Father, I'll listen , to you)', but/on condition you don't prdriourico the name of Italia.' I pointed ; to the tricolor cross on my breast, and left his presence forever. " (Cheers.) .... The speaker dwelt on tlie utter and de plorable, disappearance of religious feelirigs throughout the portion of Italy south5 of ' the I'o.y -'Tho. bitter alienation rif' hearts arid in tellects, the wholesale abaudbhinent of the Church aud its doctrines, which' is sought to be feebly, and in driblets, coun terbalanced by ' ahaul iri i the;': "Fjsher- nian's " net, cxhibitirig some yp'tafies '-of fashion , and hallucinated . visionaries .-in England to- whom Rome; is unknown, ;;arid who live at a : corivenient diStan'ce "for enchantment. 'Wefo;' itsilJcourV'and/.its corruptions familiar', to " '.the ,,ken ,o& these ' sad victims to a nympholepsy:o£ incredible delusion,;- the- list- pf converts ; worild ;bo woefully-1 ' curtailed; ; ; ' , Simon . 'Magus5 not ' Simon, -Peter, presided over .the orsranisa- tion of the .conclave' and its ' subordinate machinery. ; Antonelli was a worthy 'son of his. father; the 'notorious.' brigand, first- lieutenant iri his day of Gasparbno, the ex ploits .of bo, th., being still classic records in the district of Fra -Diavolo, ' Terraciua. The actual' life and'soul of the Paptil 'gov ernment was, thri infamous Nardorii whose cpndemriatipri , to . the galleys for robbery, in tbe year IS 11, is.on the public records of Forli, and whose whole career has been a tissue of rascality. Terror arid dismay pervade the, social life of: the Roman's ; no press toenliglitcfl— no tribunals to shelter — no represeritativo to remonstrate—no pulpit to persuade, for' Religion lias be- ' come tlie ignoble pandofer ,to Tyranny, and her holy; influences, :liave d rpnrtt d. never toa'eturn. ; If Religi jn'is to resume 'her empire over men's minds i n Italy, s lie must c'omp arrayed , in' a", vfery..(3iffereat ga.rb from, '.tlie '"livery. of: the;. Vatican. Tbe ' trail of. ;thc serpent Slavery is ondicv path ) she has become the degraded hah.diuaid of Oppression.1 ' A' : religious ' revol ution will be the inevitable '.concomitant of tlic ap proaching political deliverance; of the pen- ' insula for, religion is an indispensable element of human society, arid without'its ennobling; .aspirations' it were -folly ; to ' dream of a regenerated Italy.. .-. (Cheers.) / The late lucid interval in the long dismal derangement of their' desolate aririals had taught tlfem the "utter incpmpatibility of ,a sceptred Pope, either with.Italian Ghris: tianity or Italian independence. (Cheers.) ' They inust have a creed, and a worship worthy of freemen, worthy 0! the manhood that held Venice for eighteen months against the confederated energies of north- " ern barbarism, and taught ' Europe5 .that soldiership is not extinct in the old 'larid 01 trie legionaries ; wortriy or the: valour that kept Romo for. sixty days against the trained cohorts of France, its engineering skill, and its scientific 'artillery, ; worthy of the men who took their stand at Curta-- tone and Montanara against the Austrian, and discovered by the first uprising at Milan the terrible secret of foreign de crepitude, when a people act' in unison for freedom. The Church of the future must adapt itself to the future development of the Italian mind; and the coming redemp tion of our country. The Popedom may b/ a system suited to suckle slaves, but is- manifestly unfitted for the nurture of full- grown freemen. (The applause was fro-- quent and loud.). , - A Vast Difference.— A faggot-man,- carrying a load, by accident brushed against a doctor. The doctor was very angry, and was going to beat him with his fist: " Pray don't use your precious hand, good Sir— Kick me, and wclcomol" The bystanders asked him what he meant. Says .the woodman,' " If' lie Kicks rnc ;witli his , list I shall recover ; hut if I once come under his bands, it will ,he- all- up witlime." / / Mistaken iririas.— To suppose tlie loudest singer is the best vocalist. To. suppose that tlio greatest ranter, is tho. best actor. a reaction lins'set in against tlio " cairiel?s' hump " fashion of wearing dresses/ Tho new roho is 'something between the old' " yard of pump water'' arid the ghost of a crinolitic;1 