CHAPTER VII. BENEATH THE OLD BOOF-TREE. The Manor-house was not "without its memories for Mrs. Blackburn as well as her husband, although they were of a different sort. She had dwelt as a servant where she was now the mistress; she had returned in triumph across the threshold from which she had been driven with shame. It was no wonder, therefore, that she wore an air of triumph. A powerful ally, Death, had declared himself upon her side, and at last had conquered all her foes for her; for the Blackburns-fathers, and sons, and grand sons-were all enemies in her eyes; cruel and unnatural in their treatment of her ] husband-insolent and cruel to herself. . j She had made a hasty tour of the house before dinner, and insisted on her grand daughter's accompanying her. The hand some sitting-rooms had been expiated upon, and in one of them, the library, she had whispered (it was one of the few touches of pathos she exhibited throughout): " It was here that your grandfather confessed liis love for me, and gave me his first kiss. Ah," sighed she, stepping up to the old oak framed mirror that stood over the fireplace, " I was as bonnie a lassie as thou, Nelly, then, and a deal healthier-looking. But rheum and wrinkles is what we must all come to." In the best bedroom, which had been pre pared for Anthony and herself, her reflec tions were of a more agreeable nature: "It was here, Nelly, that I waited on my Lady-and a kind-hearted loving creature she was, with a brute for a husband. He was a bad man every way. Alack! how I have heard him bang and swear in that dressing-room, while I have been doing madam's hair. And how she would start and colour as our faces met in this glass." "Did she know how you and grandfather loved one another?" asked TClfan, with an interest which she had been hitherto far from evincing in any of the circumstances of the day. " Not afi first, although she found it out before the Squire did. She tried her best to stop it-for which, indeed, I don't blame her; it is best in a general way for folks to marry in their own rank, you may depend on that, Nelly-but when she found Anthony quite set upon it, she addressed herself to me." " And what did she say, grandmother?" "Well, she spoke very fair, I will say. She owned that sbe was much averse to her son's marrying such a one as me. ' But it's better, in God's sight, that he seek to marry you,' said she, 'than seek your ruin.' (Poor thing, she knew more than people guessed of the wickedness that went on under her own roof.) She so moved me, indeed, with her kind words, that 1 almost made up my mind to give Anthony up; and I would, have done so-yes, I do believe I would-rather than have got T»'m turned out of house and liome for my sake. But it was not in my power to stop that. Whether I had married him or not, that would have happened all the same. He and his father spoke such bitter words to one aaother; and no wonder, so far as Anthony was concerned; why, you would scarce believe it! but that wicked old man, your fijreat -grandfather think of tlnat, Nelly, and I alive to tell it! if he had not had a wife already, would have married me himself !" ! The young girl shuddered, as well she might. These reminiscences of vicious pas sion, told by the lips of age concerning one far older, and whom Death had so long taken, seemed to have a smack of the i cliamel. But thenarratorherself had no such qualms, j "I only saw madam once after that dreadful quarrel," she went on. "Your grandfather and I were married then, and forbidden the house; but his mother wrote us word to meet her on a certain day in Bedmoor Fir Grove, when Russell Blackburn was at Y ork races. She looked white and thin as a ghost; and indeed she died within six months of that date; and if ever a broken heart was the cause of death, it was so with her. I thought she would never have unclosed her arms from Anthony's neck, they clung to him so at parting; he was her favourite son, as well as her eldest born, and she must have felt it was for the last time. I did not know then as I know now, Nelly, what a bitter cup that was to drain; but I pitied her from the bottom of my heart. Besides, she had not a word of blame for me, nor even of warning; she had been such a good wife herself, that perhaps she had no idea of what some wives are; but she bade her son be true to me, even when the days should come, as they have long come, though I little thought of them at the time, when all the beauty that thpn gladdened him so in my face and form should have faded and gone." "She must have been a good woman," sighed Ellen sympathetically. "Yes, wencli-too good for this world. Another one in her place, not so good, might have done better. She did not make the most of herself even in appearance, as I have told her, in this very chamber, many a I time. Hark! there's the first dinner-bell. The last time I heard it, and saw Anthony go down without me to take his place at table, I little thought it would be fifty years before I got my own. Well, better late than never; the tide has turned at last, though it is not at full yet; nor will be till my Willy has his rights. See, here is the girl coming to dress me; just as I used to come to madam, directly that bell rang." Ellen partook of none of this trinmph and exhilaration. She tried to be glad, for her grandfather's sake, that their prospects had been so marvellously changed for the better; but in her heart she was sorely grieved. If the thing could have been postponed till j three months later, when she would have ! been John Denton's wife, then she might ! have welcomed this stroke of 'good fortune ! like the rest, although it would have always j been in an inferior degree; for she did not! care for wealth for its own sake, and of the j advantages it bestows she had had no ex ? perience. At present she only knew that : the acquisition of it had dispelled her J . brightest dream. Her grandfather hail ' sternly commanded her to break off all relations with John Denton; such an engage ment, he contended, to which, even under other circumstances, he had always refused Ids consent, hadnow^becbme utterly Incom patible withherpositioii, and was to bono longer entertained; , ; Not even herBtrong sense of gratitude and filial respecfc towards her grandfather-could induce lier to send such.,* tidings to the young ' esgifleer; written Mm woi3 that for the present his visits, and even his correspondence with" iter, must cease. The pair were, doomed to test-.ike fitr^ngth. Cf that .constancy of which each had boasted; and though she feared no danger from the Separation, she deeply felt the pain of it. The fact was, now that the barren hope to which Anthony Blackburn had clung for near half a century of toil had at last begun to bear, he was greedy for the full fruition of it. He wanted to be all his ancestors the Squires of Blackburn Manor had been before him, and by the help of Ellen, to whom he , was sincerely and devotedly attached, even something more, -fie was in secret much more solicitous to secure the good opinion of his new neighbours than he pretended to be, and we have seen that he was content, for the sake of it, even to forego some taste of the pleasures of revenge. He well knew that the attempt to recover his old position in the neighbourhood would be a difficult one; that his own manners, address, and , even language were not what they had been before he lost it; and that his wife would be totally unable to adapt herself to her altered fortunes. In the background, too, was a third member of the family, to whom we have not as yet been introduced, but who could not be kept away from Blackburn Manor for ever, and who was likely to prove a still more formidable obstacle to his views. Indeed, without Ellen's aid, the case was well nigh hopeless, and therefore it was that he threw in the scale against her love for Denton the full weight of his authority, and piled upon it all the considerations of gratitude and loyalty he could call to his aid. Without her, how could an old man (however pitiable for his misfortunes), and an old woman, whose audacity in wedding above her station had, in their opinion, deserved all the misery it.had earned, recom mend themselves to tne proud and well-born folk, with whom he hoped once more to mi-x -even putting out of consideration that more serious hindrance to his efforts which for the present he might contrive to keep out of sight? Bnt, on the other hand, with his beautiful grand-daughter to help him, how altered was the case! A. country-house that was the casket of such a jewel as Ellen Blackburn could not fail to be attractive. She had good blood in her veins, and looked and moved like a princess. She would be rich, for he would make her so. With whom, then, among untitled folk at least, might she not form an alliance? and that once cemented, her husband's kin would stand shoulder to shoulder with her own, and help them to keep their place. Thoughts of this kind had begun to fill the old man's brain from the moment that he had received the news of his nephew's death, and had even taken definite and material shape with respect to his young neighbour, Herbert Stanhope. But at all events he had quite made up his mind that the proposals of John Denton should be rejected; for let the young engineer's future prosperity be what it might in his own line, it could never be of the sort to further the family popularity. Perhaps in one who had himself sacrificed so much to mere sentiment, this resolve may seem harsh and unnatural; but it is easier to give way to the softer emotions at eighteen than at sixty-eight, and easier at all times to dis regard the sentiment of other people t.Tian one's own. Thus it was that Ellen Blackburn found small pleasure in the sudden prosperity of her kindred, and sighed in her well furnished chamber at the Manor for that little room in the cottage, through whose latticed window she had so often watched for her lover across the moor, and smoothed the tresses, innocent of flower or gem, to welcome him. Still, she was not unconscious of the delights of her new position, nor so plunged in grief (since she had hope to mitigate it), as not in some measure to appreciate them. The view from her present apartment (even without that beloved figure in the foreground) was not indeed to be com pared with that to which she had so long been accustomed; but it had a beauty and home quiet of its own which pleased her much. Beyond the terrace and the carriage sweep, and separated from tlie latter only by a deep sunk fence, lay a small but undu lating and well-wooded park, with here and there a herd of deer. Upon one side was the village, with its ivied church-tower, from which the joy-bells were still pealing dreamily; and on the other, field after field of richest pasture-land, with luxuriant hedges (so different from the stone walls about Slogan), that seemed to grow so near to one another in the blue distance that they enclosed no space at all. Her bedroom opened upon a still more charming boudoir, from whose windows, if the prospect was more restricted, it was not less fair. Immediately beneath them lay the well-kept garden, a chess-board of flowering squares of various hue. A quaint old arbour, built of fircones, and ornamented with painted glass, opened on what had once been the bowling-green, but was now in course of alteration into a croquet, ground a change which she rightly guessed had been made by young .Richard for the sake of his betrothed. Beneath the shade of those spreading cedars, and on the levelled turf, he had doubtless stood with her, and shown how all things were to b6 under her coming reign. They had paced together the winding walks of the shrubbery beyond, and climbed yonder, little hiil with its gay pavilion, from which all the fields and farms which owned him for their master were to be seen. The boudoir itself: had been recently fitted up, and for whom but for this poor girl, of whose very name she was ignorant, but whose fate ! -divorced for ever from him she loved touched her eyes with sympathetic tears. How it would vex this poor creature, when she came to hear it, that the new Squire had forbidden his people to breathe young Richard's name! That had been a bitter speech of her grandfather's, and painful to listen to; and although she did not doubt that his affection for her was genuine, though he showed it in such mistaken fashion, it was plain wealth had already made him hard and stern; and might not his nature keep that mould for the future? She could refuse to be false to her love, but she could never act in defiance of the old man's express commandment. It did not need, then, the cold hand of death to keep asunder John Denton and herself. But against such thoughts as these she had a simple charm, that for the present at least proved, efficacious. She drew from her bosom John's last letter, written on receipt of her harsh tidings, and which bade her be of good cheer, and to wait in hope. There was not a syllable of anger in it against her grandfather, who he frankly owned had at no time encouraged his addresses, it breathed nothing bat love and trust in her; and as she read it softly to herself, the words seemed like a song, to "which the summer breeze that came in at the open window, laden with evening odours, was the fit accompaniment; and her whole soul was lapped in comfort, and grew calm. Her toilet suffered from the use of .this specific, for the second dinner-bell sounded before she had time to assume her evening attire. Her appearance, however, as has been shown, proved sufficiently attractive in i the eyes of the only guest, Mr. Mowbray j Moffat; while the lack of splendour in her J attire was fully compensated for by that of , Mrs. Blackburn, who, having had her pick of the family jewel-box, had not confined herself to mere satin and pearls. After dinner, while the elder lady made an elaborate tour of the drawing-room, and approximately priced the furniture, the I younger sat herself down at the piano and played a few sacred airs, such as she had i been used to evoke from the harmonium in the little church, of which she had been organist, under Slogan; and presently, as we have seen, this attracted the notice of the gentlemen, and brought them in from the dining-room. Wrapt v in the melody, she did not notice their arrival, bnfc continued to ,play on,* her . pensive features with; a chastened glow upon them, and her eyes full of devotional fire.- Even Mr. Moffat, a man not given to enthusiasm of any sort, isras struck 'with iter rareiand7'ethereal t^n^^^ stdpped in the doorway like one 1 V She is a thorough Blackburn, isehe not?" whispered Anthony admiringly; "as handsome as the dead lady we fikve just been speaking of, and witha look besides such as the angels wear. I have sometimes . feared that she would be taken fromme b&ft;&uee; of that," . ? ?" Does' she inherit any delicacy of 'con stitution?" enquired the prosaic lawyer. VBoih ler, parentsdied very young, Sir, did they not?' "Yes, but they were a hearty couple. The mother, a pretty girl enough, but not like this one, died m giving her birth. Her father, as strong a man as myself, came to an untimely end." "Yes, poor lad. He fell down s»me precipice in Wales, as you wrote to tell me; that mountaineering" (he had been killed on Slogan by a powder-blast)" which is so much the fashion now-a-days has been the death of many a fine young fellow. But though you have not mentioned him for years your letters were so brief-this sweet young lady here is surely not your only liope your eldest son is still alive, I trust?" This was the question which the lawyer had had in Ms mind from the first, but had' not hitherto ventured to put, since it was evident that his new client had reasons for T»k strange reticence on so important a matter. Mr. Moffat put it now with such directness that an answer could scarcely be avoided, but kept his eyes averted from his host, and fixed on the young girl at the piano, otherwise he would have seen old Anthony's ruddy colour change to deadliest white, as he replied stiffly:-"My son William is alive, or I should not have failed to let you know, Sir. At present, however, I do not expect him home. He is abroad. -There at last she sees us!-1 am afraid we startled you a little, Nelly. But pray, play on; Mr. Moffat dotes on music as much as I do." 