MAGDALEN AStLUM AND PfJjyuNILB REFORMATOETf, liBBOTSFOfiD. . death of another of the Good Shepi j^uns—Sister Mary of the Cross; who interred in the Convent grounds on jast further reduces an establish- (•which has been numerically too small (the amount of work devolving upon this L ous community. Before the first of deaths that have occurred within a reeks the strength of the Nuns was severely taxed* and this resulted in L, ess to more of the ladies than the two lo have died. And some of these ladies I still, we much regret, far from being long though labour which now falls upon of them must be much more heavy unremitting than it has yet been. Ider these circumstances it is surely the fty of this charitable community to volun- •ily assist them in the only way in which 356 in the world can share iu the merit Itheir good works. The Nuns might be lieved from much care by being furnished Ith sufficient funds to conduct the estabjnts without meeting with any further icuniary embarrassments, and the people [Victoria who can spare a little from their aurces should in the present time of 1 act thus considerately towards them. eij jwe take from the Argus the following jcount of the institution:— In accordance with the rule of the Order the Good Shepherd, the Magdalen. Asylum open for the reception of females, without Istinction of country or creed; nor will it I sought to interfere with the religious inciples of such as are not Catholics, but lev will be required to conform to the rules the establishment so far as discipline and Jer are concerned. Thev purchased the house and grounds at ibotsford, to which they subsequently added adjoining property of St. Helier's, coming in all about sixteen acres, and immeiatelymade arrangements for the reception unfortunate women desirous of retrieving diameful past. There were forty inmates this class in the first year, (1864); fortyir were admitted in 1865, seventy-three the year following, and about eighty in 67\. At the present time the number of mitents is ninety-three; and there are 180 ili&ned; or deserted children being mainled and educated in die reformatory inch of the institution. The system pursued, both with regard to | e reclamation of the Magdalens and the itniction of the children, is an admirable |ne—is, indeed, the only efficacious system issible. The Sisters of the Good Shepherd their confidence and affection. Virtue id piety are made attractive by example as ill as precept. There is no austerity in ither. Instead of scornfid reproaches and remonstrances, the erring women who refuge in this asylum experience ] wtliing but tender pity, kindly assistance, id womanly sympathy. The past is put My for ever, and all the efforts of the sisteriood are directed to conduct their wards •ougli a temporary, but. not uncheerful, leclusion from the world, through the discipe of industry and methodical habits, and rough the daily fulfilment of homelj duties id household offices, to a life of usefulness id good repute. It is manifest from the :omtenances and deportment of the girls in ie presence of the mother and sisters of the that those names have something lore than a titular meaning, and that the Nations subsisting between the superioress, community and the inmates, are imsed'with a maternal and sisterly charac- Heuce the success of the institution, as libited in the gratifying circumstance that ie bulk of the penitents, after remaining for, period of about two years in the asylum, ent^r ito domestic service, and conduct themselves h exemplary propriety, while the re port the year 1867 shows that six of the /young omen who left the asylum in tlv^t year 'allied. It says much for the treat ment the "mates experience while beneat 1 ,^ jt a r0Qt; . Jid for the gratitude with wliicV^ j t inspjj.es that they continue to r,^.visit it after entering the world, and sey jm to regard it Jnaiiy instances with a ho< M feeling The tory of some of the ii ^ates is a very uitul one, aud lets m «v Etr011„ w^t up0n pe social evil, its cai V:eeSi anf .- lt° cousecesrn Victor. Thus much maybe Matmsly assert- , ad>i ^ ninety-mne p es out of a hundr ed the shame and the peborne by ^ose whanave been foully and y' iat society is inexcusably ttothei iual wrongdoer. Perhaps the too i j " feature of the evil here is that ^children • are ensnared to their rum by the in 71 crc atoresxrf,their own sex. Imagine pirl of'fift a • L — w kich 7 actually' occurred—of, a ae caedfrfi n years, of age having been resx a house of M'dem ill-fame after two years Nation! ' a moral- Jave Eaia iibat besides' theieligious and peni, .influences brought to bear upon the ^ xents, they-are taught to be industrious a) < methodical. .There is a, large laundry «whed to. cogent, and in it ^bput half of the inmates of the Magdalen Asylum find constant and varied occupation. The mere drudgery of the work is lightened by mechanical appliances; and in such active, but not protracted or mdnotondus labours; the girls hnd exemption from the sense Of absolute dependence, while qualifying themselves for situations as laundresses when they leave the Convent. About forty are engaged in needlework^ both plain and fancy, under the personal supervision of one Of the sisters; and this employment is enlivened iit stated intervals by conversation Or singing. But, ifl Order to show how methodical are the arrangements of the institution, we cannot do better than quote the time-table by which they are regulated :— ° 6 to 6.30—Rise, dress, and make beds. 6.30 to 6.45—Morning prayer. 6.45 to 7.15—Breakfast. 7 15 to 8—Mass. 8 to 8.30—Talking whilst doing work. 8.30 to 9—Silence, work continued. 9 to 10—Reading. 10 to 10.30—Monday and Thursday, grammar and geography; Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday, dictation. 10.30 to 11—Writing. U to 11.30—Arithmetic. 11.80 to 12—Sing canticle, sewing. ' 12 to 12.30—Dinner. 12.30 to 1.30-Kecreation. 1.30 to 2—Singing canticle,"silence, sewing, &c.; 2 to 2.30—Lwcture. 2.30 to 3—Study. 3 to 3.30—Sewing and other work. 3.30 to 4—Talking whilst doing work. 4 to 4.30 - Religious instruction, catechism. 4.30 to 5.45—Household work, &c.; 6.45 to 6 —Recite the Rosary. 6 to G.30—Supper. 6.30 to 8—Recreation. 8—Night prayers, and retire in silence to bed. On Sunday evenings religious processions are formed, and wend their way through the picturesque grounds, siuging hymns and carrying banners. To be the bearer of one of these latter appears to be an object of ambition with the girls, and the privilege, therefore, is made the reward of those who have been conspicuous for their good conduct during the week. The young children frolic and gambol on the grass, and their cheerfulness is not restrained, but rather augmented by the presence and oversight of the sisterhood. Seen from the neighbouring eminence in Studley-park, these harmless festivities have something of a mediaeval aspect, aud are not without an idyllic charm. They have this, in common with the general tenor of exstence inside the convent walls, that they are utterly at variance with the commonlyeceived notions of conventual life ; while here can be little doubt that in selecting, as the scene of their labours and the home of hese outcasts of society, one of the ruost eautiful spots in the neighbourhood of Melourne, the Sisters • of the Good SIjepherd ave not been inattentive to the sootjiing and estorative influences of nature. Like the en and women belonging to 'jie monastic rders in the middle ages, they have chosen place admirably adapted, as Wordsworth ays, " To peace and meditativ s cheerfulness, Where living things a.hd things inanimate Do speak at Heaven'/^ command to eye and ear, / And speak to social reason's inner sense With inarticulaV'e language." Besides the Magdalen Asylum, there is an rphanage and/reformatory school for negected and criminal girls under fifteen years f age ; and y chis is one of the most interesting ud patheti./j portions of the establishment— athetic c/ in account of the distressing cirumstanyjgg under which, so many of these oor lit^ wajf s and strays of humanity are eartl,^ssiy deserted, or painfully bereaved, or rue'^y neglected, and prematurely enlisted ntr/j th e .< devil's regiment" by their patents . 1 '/companions; pathetic, also, by reason of /,he loving kindness with which they are cared for, nourished, and taught by the.affectionate sisterhood. The children are of all ages, from two upwards; and it is very interesting to -notice the contrast between the countenances, the expression, and the general appearance of some of those who have been recently admitted into the institution and ihe aspect of such as have been th.ire for a few months or years. The faces of the former are pinched and gaunt, there is an old and weary look about the eyes, reminding you of the changes which Constance anticipates will pass over her darling boy— " But now will canker Borrow eat my bud, Ard chase the native beauty trom his cheek, And he will look as hollow aa a ghost, As dim aud meagre as an ague's fat. And there is something of the startled furtive expression' in their. gaze which you see in that of a wild animal which has been just trapped. This passes away after a time, and the inmates of an earlier date come forward with smiling: countenances and look up to the faces of the sisters with a bright trustfulness, which is too spontaneous to be otherwise than genuine, and which is very pleasant to witness. The children have drifted into a quiet haven, secure from stonn and wreck, and may be looked upon as so much salvage from the moral waste and ruin outside. There are, as hais been stated, above 180 children in the juvenile reformatory, who,are; maintained, clothed, sheltered, and instructed in the rudiments of knowledge, in needle. wtfrk, and in the principles of religion afld morsllity: For their reception and accommodation, a co'ntatodious schoolroom and a lofty and airy dormitory hate been recently erected; and like every Other portion of the establishment, are scrupulously clean. We visited the convent without any previous intundtioH, and without announcing our object. Every part df it was freely thrown open to inspection; and we e+ery where found cheerful activity prevailing, combined with an entire absence of coercion and restraint,- showing that the law of kindness is the supreme rule df government in the establishment. The accounts for the past year have not yet been made tip; but the balance-sheet for 1867 states the expenditure for that year to have been £4,621 lis. 6d., while the receipts, irrespective of a loan, were little more than £3,000, aiid the institution was burdened with a debt df nearly £5,000 on the 31st of December, 1867. Tile actual maintenance charges were about £2,(500; and the sisters point out that " whilst the act of Parliament allows only £13 per head per annum for each, neglected or criminal girl, the actual cost of clothing, maintenance, &c.;, averages £23 10s* leaving a burdeii of £10 10s. on each to ^e borne uy the convent; As the number of girls committed by the courts of justi<e to the guardianship of the convent, a&l; now undergoing the necessary ieformatoi^ discipline, is seventy-onci, the Nuns of Good Shepherd have to provide £745 *0s. every year for the support, education, (<id training of the poor victims of misfortuu; who wotfld cost the state double that amount at least if they were in either the Government establishments or prisons." It would reflcct disgrac upon a wealthy community like this if ai institution which is accomplishing so miph good, and which is conducted by lades whose lives are devoted to the sernce of humanity, in obedience to what tJfcy believe to be the will of their Divine Master, and who are actuated and sustained by the purest motives, should be crippled in its operations for the want of funds. To tha<e in whom the spirit of sectarianism and bigotry is stronger than the sentiment of philanthropy, ana who object to subscribe to a benevolent object because the promoters of it are Eoman Catholics, we can say nothing. We are glad to believe, however, that in an age in which the principles of religious toleration are beginning to be better understood, and to be more generally practised, it is only necessary to call public attention to a really Christian charity, conducted by genuinely Christian people, and productive of a Christian life in those who participate in its benefits, in order to insure for it the approbation and support of Christians of all denominations. 