MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. (From the English Papers.) A STRANGE and horrible series of crimes is reported from Switzerland. A young woman, acting professionally as a nurse, is accused of having- poisoned from time to time nine patients who had been committed to her care. What renders the matter more remarkable is that there seems to be a total absence of motive for the crimes. In no case has she robbed her victims, nor has she inherited property from any of them. Moreover, she is said to be of a respect- able family, and to bo possessed of some independent means. She is about thirty-five years of age, and spent some time in a training school for nurses at Lausanne. She was for some time afterwards sojourning at Vevey, in an establishment presided over by an eminent oculist, to whom she complained that one of her eyes was powerless. He was unable to discover any cause of this partial blind- ness, and at length satisfied himself by an experiment that she had been de- ceiving him. Some persons conjecture that this malady was feigned for the purpose of obtaining possession of bella- donna and atropia, two poisons which are employed for the eyes. On settling at Geneva as a nurse, she speedily ac- quired the reputation of possessing a good deal of medical skill. She was most attentive to the sick over whose couches she watched ; and treated them with much tenderness. She was called to an establishment for sick and infirm persons, and it was not long before the mistress of the house and her daughter died of a disorder to which the physi- cians were unable to give a name. A French artist residing at Geneva next called her in, but though he was speedily seized with nervous agitation, he fortu- nately wearied of her obtrusive atten- tions, and dismissed her. He recovered soon after her leaving him. In the next house into which she was called, two persons soon died ; and a third, having taken a cup of tea from her, the nurse remarked to a ser- vant, " That lady has the same complaint as your mistress had ; she will die." This lady was speedily seized with an illness which her medical attendant declared to be the result of poisoning by belladonna. The nurse on being interrogated respecting the drink bnrst into tears and denied all know- ledge of it. Although she was not yet suspected, she thought proper to dis- appear for a time, and went, it is said, to the Canton de Vaud. Some time afterwards, however, the artist above alluded to, who had had his suspicions at first, met her on a public road and discovered her dwelling. He also found that she had recently committed a fresh crime, and he had her arrested. The prisoner has since been tried and sentenced to 20 years' hard labour. THE Quebec Morning Chronicle of November 7 completes one of its mar- riage announcements with the following information :-" No cards ! No cake ! ! No wine!!!""' The Cheyenne (Wyoming) Argus has the following paragraph in a prominent place in the paper :-" Coal and wood wanted at this office, to be paid for in advertisements, subscriptions, and printing." A CORRESPONDENT of the New Free Press of Vienna thus describes the two principal leaders of the Spanish revolu- tion " General Prim wears a com- mon military, tunic, with two golden stars on the collar, and a white képi similar to that of the Spanish cavalry, with a broad gold border. This is all that shows him to be a soldier. When in a civilian's dress he gives you the idea of a drawing-room dandy, with a hobby for riding, hunting, and love adventures. There is nothing martial about him, no roughness—not even soldierly plainness—in his character ; and his manner is not in the slightest degree that of a swash-buckler. He is slight, well formed, barely above the middle height, and when on horseback, looks like anything but a Mars. But his head is far more attractive than a dozen ordinary soldiers' heads. There is a mysterious brilliancy about it like that which distinguishes the fancy portraits of a Tintoretto. The deep intense blackness of his large eyes, his hair, and his silky whiskers and moustache, are striking even in the South, where dark people are not wanting, and, combined with his olive complexion, gives an impression of strong passion. His countenance is constantly working under the impulse of an internal restlessness. Olozaga is a short, broad-shouldered man, certainly sixty years old, but strong and hardy-looking. His head looks like that of a German, or rather of a savant ; there is no trace in it of the feverish physiognomy of a Spaniard ; it indicates much clear, quiet, and orderly thought. His language is fluent, and his voice strong and harmonious ; he gesticulates a good deal, but does not speak with ex- cessive rapidity, as Spaniards usually do. There is a great deal of dignity both in his appearance and manner." THE RIGHT OF WOMEN TO VOTE.—In the Court of Common Pleas, on Novem- ber 9, Lord Chief Justice Boville with Justices Willes, Byles, and Keating sitting in banco, judgment was given in the case of " Chorlton, appellant, v. Lings, respondent," the appeal from the decision of the revising barrister for Manchester, which was argued on November 7. The Lord Chief Justice and the other judges delivered separate judgments, but they all agreed that there was not sufficient authority for saying that by the common law women had a right to vote for members of Parliament ; whilst, on the other hand, there was the uninterrupted practice of centuries to show that women had not voted. There was no reported case in favour of the vote, except that in a note to " Olive v. Ingram" there was reference to a manuscript report of a case to show that women could vote. This note is only to be found in 7, " Modern- Reports," whilst there was no refer- ence to any such case in Strange ; and Lord Coke gave his express opinion the other way. In his (the Chief Justice's) opinion, the Reform Act of 1867, in saying that men should vote, although considered in conjunction with Sir John Romilly's Act, did not entitle women to vote. The term men in the Reform Act did not include women ; and even if it did, then women would come within the term " incapacitated." For these reasons, he thought that the decision of the revising barrister, refusing the vote, should be affirmed, but he also thought it was a case in which no costs should be allowed. Mr. Justice Byles said that he hoped that the unanimous decision of the Court of Session in Scotland, would for ever exercise and lay this ghost of a doubt which ought never to have arisen. ROSSINI and Meyerbeer greatly es- teemed each other, but seldom met. A friend once asked Rossini why he was not more familiar with his German rival " You know he admires your Semiramide and Cenerantola, and you admire the merit of his chefs d'œves." " That is quite true," said Rossini, " but Meyerbeer and I cannot get on together." " But why not ? " " Why, he always will have it that sour krout is a better thing than maccaroni." A SOMEWHAT extraordinary engage- ment has been made by Mdlle. Neilsson. An English concert society has engaged this charming vocalist for a space of two months, at the rate of two concerts a week. She is to receive £8000, one fourth to be paid in advance, besides the expenses of herself and three persons. MONSIEUR PAULIN, the son of a man who made a fortune by the ' Illustra- tion' (the French ' Illustrated News', of which he was the founder), com- mitted suicide on Nov. 12, at his resi- dence, No. 3, Rue Grange Batelière, Paris. After starting in life with an income of upwards of £3000 a year, he ruined himself by gambling at the Bourse and the German gaming tables. At Homburg and Baden-Baden he frequently played the maximum and broke the bank. He was often heard to say that when he was thoroughly " cleared out " he would kill himself. He fulfilled the threat by enveloping his head in linen soaked in enormous quantities of chloroform. AT Rochester, New York, a woman named Mary Swingler has just been sentenced to six months' imprisonment for cruelty to her adopted daughter seven years of age. The woman had burnt the child's hands by forcibly holding them over a cooking stove until neighbours interfered. The woman's reason was that the child had stolen, a piece of candy, and " she intended to give, her an idea of what Hell is." THE Caucase states that the son of the once-famed Schamyl is second captain of the Guard of the Emperor Alexander II., and at present greatly attracts the attention of the inhabitants of Tiflis. He speaks Russian well, frequents the theatres and clubs, and in fact has quite, adopted European habits. A,PRIEST, named Billet, aged fifty, two, has been tried at Périgueux (Dordogne) on numerous charges of indecent, assault on young girls under thirteen years of age. A woman named Coudeau was at the same time accused of having facilitated an outrage on her own daughter by the prisoner. The woman was acquitted, but Billet was condemned to 12 years' hard labour. The priest, on being removed from the court-house back to prison, was followed and hooted by more than a thousand persons, and he had to be surrounded by eight gendarmes to protect him from the fury of the crowd. THE following advertisement recently appeared in a morning paper : " A father wants to find a school for his son where a manly and useful education will be given him, and where the teach- ers do not fill the heads of their pupils with humbug stories about nations that died and were buried thousands of cen- turies ago, not a citizen of which could either run a steamboat or keep an hotel." THE fortune that Madlle. Patti brought her husband, the Marquis of Caux, is stated by Figaro to have been a draft for 800,000f. (£32,000), signed " Rothschild." A HIGHWAYMAN.—Several persons belonging to Newbury, Speen, have recently been stopped by a highway man calling himself " Captain Hawk," who, displaying a pistol, robbed them. The other night, however, a young man whom he attacked in a lonely place made a prisoner of the noble captain. He proved to be a youthful painter, named Purdue, who had kept up an intimacy with a girl in Newbury. Among her books were found the follow-' ing works, which Purdue had given her :—" The Black Highwayman," and a tale entitled " Black Bess ; or a Knight of the Road." There were also portraits of Dick Turpin, and a coloured illustraton described at the foot as " The Black Highwayman and Captain Hawk rescuing the Countess of Blacklake." The men portrayed were masked in the style Purdue adopted.—Liverpool Albion, Oct. 19. " A THRIFTY couple called on a Provi- dence clergyman for marriage, last week, and after the ceremony had the fee placed to their debit, borrowed an umbrella, and went out with the world before them."—American Paper. A MAX who had borrowed a bag of a neighbour to go to the mill was knocked into the water and drowned, and the bag lost. When the news was brought to his bereaved wife, she exclaimed, " My gracious ! what a fuss'll be made now about that bag ! " 