CHURCH MEETINGS. GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PEESBY TERIAN CHURCH OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Bebsion the Fifth. The following Address was delivered by the newly-elected Moderator, the Rev, William Grant, at the first sederunt, held on the 19th instant : — Fathebs and Brethren.— Ministers and Eiders of this General Assembly of oxjr Presby terian Church: I do not begin, as is usual, my humble and short inaugural address to you by thanking you for the honour which you have conferred upon me by elevating* me to the Moderator's chair ; for I am persuaded that you will regard it ob the best way of thanking you when I assure you of tho profound sense I have of the arduousnefs of tho position, and the heavy responsibility resting on the occupant, and of all the obliga tiene of the office. I never courted this distinction, as those most intimate with me know well ; and fain would I that your choice had fallen on another more deserving minister of our body: for then should I be now free froin the oppressive sense I now realise ef personal unworthi ness of, and unfitness for, the difficult and delicate office of presiding over the deliberations of our supreme ecclesias tical court, A place ef such eminence demands qualifica tions which I feel that I do not possess. And in truth I know not what loomed in the eyes of tho Presbyteries calmly deliberating in their respective seats when they choose him who has now the honour and the privilege of addressing you, unless seniority and the ' flourishing of the almond tree.' But on this ground lyour choice might have fallen on another, as there are several in our Church my seniors both in office and years. There is, indeed, one peculiarity in my case, although it does not constitute a ground of elevation to the chair I now occupy ; and it is certain it did not form an element in your decision towards it, for it was unknown to moBt of you till this minute that I state it. I am the only minister of this Church, and in all New South Wales, I believe, who has occupied as a minister a position in the three branches of the Presbyterian Church of our fathers, which I am now to name. I was an ordained and beneficed minister for seven years in the Established Church of Scot land, holding a place and taking my part in all its courts up to the General Assembly ; I was ten years a minister of the Free Church of Scotland ; and 1 have been now sixteen years a minister in the Colonial Church. In these several positions 1 have maintained consistently the Batne principles, holding the lawfulness of religious establishments, and en joying the benefit during the first series of years just mentioned ; witnessing during the second serieB the power of the Voluntary principle carried into practice by Christian liberality to uphold a Gospel ministryancl Gospel ordinances; and for the third scries of years testifying to the potency of the same scheme in New Holland as in old Scotland, the scheme of voluntary liberality, carried]out on the grand, catholio. Christian principle, viz., the many helping the few, and the wealthy helping the feeble (see supplementary stipend fund) ; and this in a large communion comprising various branches of the Presbyterian Church oollected and now happily united on a sound and satisfactory basis of union withont ?violence to the conscientious conviotions of any. I am thus a rara avis ameng the ministers, not afraid of being plucked, as I desire not to be petted on that account. Fathers and Brethren,— I earnestly orave your in dulgence and assistance in the position to whioh your good opinion has advanced me. I greatly feel my personal in competency to sustain the dignity and to discharge the duties of the Moderator's office. I have not given that regular attendance upon the Assembly, or thnt. close attention to the buBinees of Church Courts, which could enable me to exerciso the funotions and authority of the chair with the greatest advantage to the cause or comfort to myself. It is not necessary, and it would not te for edifloation, to state the reasons why I have sot sought to take a more prominent port in Church C'ouJts. 1 content myself with giving otic : I chose rather to pursue the ' quiet career ' of preaohinj* ihe Gospel and pirforming the duties— not altogether idly, though to myself unsatisfactorily— of the pastoral offico, holding mj-Eelf at the same time ever ready at Ihe call of tho Church— a coll repeatedly made -to travel on deputation work. But my backwardness in ecclesiastical assemblies, and my pieft rencc of the quieter parts of the ministry, I do notmtntkn with a view to palliate my derelictions, and certainly not to disparage the good opinion that has raised me to this placc oi' eminence, but only to crave your indul gence, end bcepcak your pardon of iny expected inevitable shortcomings. As almoBt all the Presbyteries of the Church have nominated me, and those nominating mo have done fo uci.uimoutly, 1 must cot i-hrink from the respon sibilities ol ulfice, but, under my deep sense of unworthi EHfcs and uiafimesB both, look up to tho ^gloriouB ^Head of tlie Church, who makeB His grace Buflicicnt fur his people, snd who perfects Hie strength in His Bervant's weakness. To you ulso, my dear brethren, I look not only for indulgence, but for hclji, by your sympathy, your moderation in all things, your Christian courtesy, and brotherly forbearance towards ono another, and towards him who occupies this chair ; and, above all, for tho help of your prayers. AVLilc I thus address jou, 1 tun well nigh unmanned by the ruthing ill of a tide of the most tender and solemnising emotioni', awakened by the place which I occupy, and associated with the recollection of the late occupant, now departed for ever in time from tho midst of us—' tho' lubt to sight, to memory dear; ' — departed this scene before the (Xpiiy of hie year of offico! 1 take this early oflicial opportuniiy of expressing my sense of tho loss sus tained ly the Church in this altlictivo dispensation, and of the Eolcuin and striking warning to all the ministers of the Church, and particularly to its present and all future Moderators. It is not my design, in this obituary notice, to give a sketch of the character and usefulness of the late Moderator; hut it is satisfactory to me for such reference to be assured by those most intimately concerned and best qualified to judge that his ' ministerial duties always gave the highest satisfaction, and that he never tired of well-doing.' His genial nature drew to hi m in fondest affection all within tbe sphere of his action. Possessed of great benevolence of hoart and strong sympathies, he was ever foremoBt to relievo cases of distress, and had a 'hand open as day for melting charity.' Liberal and expansive in his religious views, he hailed end embraced Christians of all denominations, by whom he was equally esteemed and loved. To superior natural abilities he joined considerable attainment*, not only in professional knowledge and the study of the original languages of Scripture, which he assiduously cultivated, but also in science, which he made service able to the interests of education in general society ia that part of the country. Wise and prudent in counsel, con stant and trusty in friendship, his advice was ever sought and valued. And the many ardent surviving friends of the late minister of Goulburn, while they mourn their own loss, are comforted with the lively hope that .their departed friend, called away by his Divine Master from presiding over a General Assem bly of the Church on earth, has been taken up to join ' the General Assembly and Church of the first-born iu heaven.' It may not be unacceptable to the members of the Assem - bly over which our departed friend so lately presided, to subjoin here short extracts from ' Funeral Sermon en Rev. W. Robi by the Very Rev. the Bean of Goulburn,' which appeared in one of the local prints. The Dean say a: — ' Iluring the past week we have beheld the remains of eno who has sojourned among us for twenty-two years, con signed to the house which is appointed for all living ; and it^ becomes my duty to refer to him, as he had unmistakably earned the esteem and love of the community at large. It is very rarely that one has so enlisted the sympathies of his fellow citizens as he did, and therefore to pass over the sad event without notice would ill become one who held him in high esteem ? As a Christian paBtor, he was found to be a faithful and -wise servant — one whom the Lord, having made ruler over his household— was able - to give them their meat in due season,' or, as it is elsewhere expressed, ' who bringeth out of his treasures things new old.' They knew that he was a most diligent student of Holy Writ, not only iu the English, but in the languages in which it was originally written— Hebrew and Greek.' Speaking of hie ministrations, the Bean says, ' We believe his discourses to have been distinguished by their Scriptural fidelity, and also set forth in a manner well calculated to arrest the attention, and to make a deep impression en the minds of his hearers. Sincerity of intention, diligence, impartiality and perseverance, all connected with ministe rial fidelity, characterised him.' 'Surely it becomes both pastors and their fiocks to work while it is yet day, lest the * night cometh when no man can work.' ' ' He to whom we have been referring was of a manly and even stalwart form, and to all human appearance might have been spared for many years to come ; yet has he been struck down in the vigour of his life, and the places where he was so ear nestly welcomed, shall see him no more. This proclaims to ns in unmistakable language, Watch, therefore, for ye know not at what hour your Lord dothoome.'' And the Dean concludes thus, — ' Let me beseech yon to imitate the example of one we so bitterly lament, strictly to preserve the unity ef the Spirit in the bond of peace.' And suffer me now to offer on the altar of friendship more particularly, though very briefly, my per ? sonal tribute to the memory of your late Moderator. He was my early and attached friend— the earliest I had on this Eide of the Equatir. Contemporaries at the Uni versity, associates at the termination of our Divinity course, sitting then under tbe same ministry, the earnest ministry cf the late pious Rev. Angus Kennedy, of Dornoch; licensed by the same Presbytery, and making our first pulpit efforts in the same cathedral church, we often took sweet counsel together, till early ministerial employment for me in Scotland, and by-ana-bye emigration by him, terminated our outward intercourse, but not our friend ship and love. Although his father, a medical man of extensive practice and influence, enjoyed the favour of tho noble family of Sutherland, and the young probationer was sure of obtaining a benefice from their extensive Church patronage, he preferred seeking speedily a field of useful ness abroad to waiting for a charge at home. The Assembly, I trust, will excuse this rather lengthy notico, which, while it gratifies tbe feelings of a sincere surviving friend, comes appropriately from the chair, and may save the time, perhaps, by s&ving; the necessity, of indi vidual references by the members. But the demise of your Moderator is not the only loss of that kind.wluch our Chnrch has to deplore. Another labourer has been removed from the vineyard, in the midst of his usefulness. In the mysterious Providence of God, the Rev. John Thorn, of the Riehmcnd River, has, very lately, met his death by drown ing ; and this lamentable event has cast a gloom over all that territory where he laboured. Humble and affable to all, diligent in his work, and devoted to his Divine Master, he was deservedly esteemed and loved net only by the respectable Presbyterians, whom he found before him on the Richmond, but alEo by the numerous families of our communion, chiefly from Shoalhaven, who have more lately settled there. He was a rare man, whose place cannot readily be supplied ; for, although we may soon find his equal in some respects, yet not in others. He was a prince of a pioneer ; he could find his way where others would certainly stray ; he could push on and prosper where others would pine or peevishly abandon the field ! Let us, there fore, pray the Lord of the harvest to send forth labourers to His harvest. I forbear noticing losses in this way in the ranks of our laymen. But one striking case, similar to Mr. Thorn's, well known to a few of us, rises up sow before my mind— the sad death of Mr. James Davidson, of the Clarence River, a sincere Christian, an intelligent member of our Church, and true friend ef our cause in that quarter, has deeply afflictcd all who knew and valued his worth. But while we thus moum losses iu our Zion, we are not left to despond. We have the cheering prospect of being soon joined by a fresh force from our native land ; and already we witness with pleasure an accession to our strength from the sister colony of Queensland, fellow ' am bassadors for Christ,' to whose usefulness we look forward with lively hope, and for whose spiritual prosperity and success in the vineyard of our Lord we feel bound and in clined to pray. Fathers and Brethren, I have wasted, or at least occupied to little advantage, so much of veur time, that I am reluc tant to encroach further upon ft. And therefore I may at once assure you that it is not may intention to launch out into remarks upon the merits of our system of Presbytery, in its doctrine, discipline, government, or worship ; to set forth its excellences, either absolutely or relatively viewed. Neither do I purpose to speak of any of the current ques tions of the day, which are of public interest to us in common with other branches of the Church of Christ. But I con fine myself in my remaining remarks to the manner and spirit in which wo should address ourselves to the proper work of our Assembly, whether in its judicial or legislative capacity. Allow me then, first, to indicate the temper and bearing towards one another which becomes us in all our proceedings ; which only can be acceptable to God ; and which can commend our cause and procure favour and acceptance with men. Let us ever display Christian courtesy ; an unaffected deference to the opinions end feel ings of others; true brotherly love; keeping in mind, and studying to obey the clear, earnest, iterated teaching of the New Testament on that head. 'Love as brethren,' says Peter, -? be pitiful, be courteous.' Paul, to the Philip pians, says,—' Let nothing be done through strife or vain glory ; but in lowliness of mind let each esteem others better than themselves.' Again, to the Romans he says, — 'Be kindly affectioned one to another, with brotherly love ; in honour preferring one other.' Once more : Peter says, — ?' Yea, all of you, be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility.' Oh, how needful and important iB forbear ance in regard to the views of others! Although the writer of these lines has never been remarked for us vio lence in spirit or action towards the opinions of his fellow Christians differing from him ; yet, in looking back on a public career of thirty-three years, he is sensible that on some occasions he cculd have been, with great ad vantage, more liberal minded, and more enlarged in making allowances for variety of mental vision on the same import ant subjects. And in every aim at being ' valiant for the truth ' we ought to propose to ourselves two questions very important for our guidance : First, What is the truth f the fundamental truth, or, it may be, the present truth ; that is, the truth requiring to be presently vindicated, or for the time to be prominently exhibited P And next, tho inquiry, ' What spirit are we of ? ' For, although we may lie right as to the subject in debate, yet, if we are wrong in spirit, that is bitter and uncharitable, we cannot expect acceptance with God, or access to man, so as to gain others, and, by valour for the truth, to prevail. How necdiul, then, as well as how beautiful is charily ! The great harmony that has prevailed in this Assembly ever eince the Union, in 1865 encourages me to exgoct a continuanse of the same com mendable and Christian procedure. And I am thankful to eay that W£ have grounds to hope for still greater unanimity oi M'Mm OLt. But in thiB account some now hoaring ina may think with thtmsclves, what need then or those rc murks ? To tuch let me say without apology that I havn petnid Ibisc remnrks that in this grace of 'brotherly lovo' yo thould iibuund more and more. Finally, and ubovc all,' lit lue now in a few sentences advert to the spirit in rdation to our God in which we should set our selves to tfcc work of ibis AsBembly,— and to tho grand end which we cuglit. ever to have in view. That end is God's glory, which is tho first branch of ' man's chief end.' It iB the chief end of angel as well as man, — the chief end of all creation. At His glory we ehould aim with single eye in all that wo do and determine in this place, prayerfully louking up for His guidnnco in everything. And although the matters considered, and tho business transacted here are not of Bucb primary importance as tho conversion and gather ing in oi sculs to Christ (for this we regard as tho great design end grand function of the Church) yet, as the ques tions wbii h enghfoue, and ore decided by us here, are Buch as can only be deult with by us as a Church in General Synod, or ecclesiastical Parliament assembled, we ought, when thus met, to regard them, and to attend to them, as tliewoik of our G- d, jiist ai ia other circumstauces we rcgard and obey His call to the Church's primary functions. And although the business of the Assembly is not so con genial to t onic of ub as preaching the Gospel and handling tbo Word of God to our people, jot as it is an important p.irtof God's work, and specific for tho time nnd place, wo ougl t not to shirk it, but to stt ourselves to it honestly, humbly, and eo, acceptably though imperfectly, praying that. ' the spirit of wisdom nnd understanding wbich rested' on tho Lord JesuB Christ, our glorious Head, with out measure, qualifying Him as Mediator for His media torial woik, may rest on His faithful servants in measure great: rejoiciDg that 'it hath pleased the Father that in him Ehould all fulneES dwell ; ' that in Him 'are hid all the IreafurcB of wisdom and knowledge;' not unly in Bim essential, as God, but official for the behoof of the Church, as He is the Divine and only Head thereof, and the Mediator of the Covenant. To Him, therefore, as the glorious Head of the Church, let us ever seek by prayer in faith. To Him, as we are week and erring servants at best, liablo to the blind ing influences of prejudice and other evils that beset us while engaged in the work of the Lord, letus look up for strength and guidance, whether occupied in our judicial or lfgislutivo capacity! In all matters coming before ue, whether by reference or appeal, for our review or decision, or by overture, for our consideration legislatively, and for Enactment, let ns draw upon the treasures of wisdom and knowledge that are hid in our head. And whether we are censidering cases which involve soundness of doctrine, or which relate to the purity of church membership, or whether we are considering desired minor changes or adap tations (as they might coll them) in the outward forms of worship— or whether we arc considering how we may extend and mature our Heathen Mission schemes, or how we may devise meansfor overtaking tbe neglected population of our towns — or how we may extend the Gospel and the means of grace to the more sparsely peopled districts of the colony — or whether we are considering the necessity of indoctri nating th9 young of our communion in scripture and ' the fortfi of sound words or taking measures for aiding the diffusion of the benefits of general education among the families of the land ; whether we are setting ourselves to promote the better observance of the Sabbath — a proper function of the Chnrch ; or, in fine, whether we are deli berating as to how we may beet give the benefit of our counsel end influence aB a Church to those who, as true patriots, arc battling with the demon of intemperance. In short, in all our deliberations and decisions, and practical efforts as a Church in the cause of truth asd righteousness among men, and for the promotion of the Redeemer's kingdom in the world— let us look up and plead ' the pro mise of the Father,' which is the identical promise of the Son, viz. the gift of tho Holy Ghost, promised by our adorable Saviour in His fareweU discourse to His disciples — promised by Him in three characters as ' the spirit of truth,' and the spirit of holinesB, and the comforter ; as the spirit of truth te guide His church and people ; as the spirit of holiness to sanctify them — and as the comforter to sustain and cheer them. This waB his best legacy to His church before his death, and His brightest promise after His reE.uiTection. Let us plead the promise annexed to His commission to His first ministers, when he sent them forth, saying, ' Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature ;' when He said, 'Go ye, therefore, and teach, that is, disciple all nations, he added, and lo, I am with you always even unto the end of the world. Amen.' As that Fame commission is ours ; so the promise annexed is as firm and fresh to us as to them. Let us plead that perennial promise. It is an everlasting promise, and has come down to us unmodified by descent—' Lo, I am with you always.' Although His bodily presence was with drawn in a few days thereafter, and 'the heavens muBt receive Him till the times of the restitution of all things ; ' yet is He present by His Spirit with His church and servants to the end of time. When the promise of His Spirit is fulfilled, then the promise of His presence is ful filled. His promised Spirit is the only true and proper Vicar of Christ in the world, Oh, let us be earnest for His Spiritual presence in our Assembly, let i t not be to ue a mere abstraction, but a reality — a realised blessedness. Let the consciousness of this presence be our blessed privilege, and operate on us in a way suited to every emergency of our case, and every peculiarity of our circumstances. Let that presence ens tain us in difficulties, illumine our minds and path in darkness, cheer us in despondency, dispelling the gloom ; guard and fortify ub against temptation ; and solem nise us at all times ob dealing with sacred things. And not only while here in council, and in the cheering society of one another, but amid the duties and trials of everyday ministerial and pastoral life : let us earnestly seek, happily realise, highly value, ana humbly improve that gracious promised presence. And now, fathers and brethren, craving your indulgent acceptance of these rambling remarks, offered in form of address from the Moderator whom, unworthy your suffrages, you have, for the time, placed 'Primus inter pares,' I conclude with the closing petition of the ' Prayer of Moses, the man of God ' — ' And let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us : and establish Thon the work of our hands upon us ; the work of our hands establish Thou it.' — Ps. xc., v. 17. 