! SKETCHES IN THE IIOUSlT Tho Land Bill campaign began in tho Lenin lativo Aseembly last evening, and tbo pnriy on" posed to tho meaanrosent out thoir skirmish" era, who endoavonrod to annoy their opponcnti by throwing a few shells into their ranks, (ha burst, bowovni fo»n 4i a « ' ' » coum uo tnnru harm. Iho Opposition intend, no donbt il keep hack their heavy gang as soon ns Li'en tenant-General Dnffy has reconnoitred Z hostile forces. Tho deep boom of tho Onn„ siUon 'Armstrong," and tho sharp crnck 0f" tho Opposition Snider" will, no donbt hi hoard ere long. The proceedings comme'uccd by Mr Connor presenting a petition from tbo land selectors of Colao and Camperdowo praying for a modification of the terms £ which they held their land ; by Mr M'Fherson requesting the same boon for tbe land sehc' tors of tbo Western District ; and by Mr Win praying that tho bill for tbo Upper Murrav lino might bo expeditiously passed. In answe- to Mr Reeves, Mr Dnffy stated that ho had laid tho report of tho commitlee on payment of members on tho labloof tho House The Chief Secretary then informed him that lh« Government wero prennrinff a scries nf -A » tions, and that tho matter had been t„kea out" nf his hands. Mr Longmoro actually iudeigea in tho ghost of a pleasantry, nnd asked whether the Government intended to placo £3600 on IS oatimatea to recoup the British Parliaacnt f„ tho money voted for the Duke of EdinLur„h£ presents. His question provoked a slight out- buret of lnnghter, bnt ehcitod no resnin.. Tbe Chief Secretary promised MrEvcrard that the details of tho expenditure in c0t „' with the Duke's visit to the colon; should hn furnished. Mr Sullivan notified that a» r Land Bill lmd been disposed of, ho would intra- dn»o a bill for tho amendment of the mining Mr Grant thon roao to propose tbo second reading of tho Land Bill, and set forth the principles of tho measuro ns calculated to deal justly with all sections of tho community, in a clear nud exhaustive speech. Ho explained the details of the bill in cxtonso, and in speaking of tbe power of for failure vested in the Government, and against which nppenls had been successfully made re- marked tlint a siDgnlar impression had 'pre vailed for years among tho intelligent classes that since land reform hud been agitated in the country tho sympathies of the Supreme Conrt wero not ia favonr of it. Not heeding the interruption of Mr Kerferd, who came ont in tbe role ot a clairvoyant, distinctly stating " Yon don't boliovo it yourself," Mr Grant went on to show that tho arbitrary powers hold by the Beard of Land and Works wero necessnry to carry on tbo bnsincss of tbe de- partmont, and concluded by saying that tbe ministry, supported by many members in tha moBt patriotic manner, had boen ablo heretofore to legislate, so that men bad invested thoir money iu providing themselves with homes, who had tho laud not been open would most likely bave taken their inonoy out of tbo country. Mr Grant, who bad been cheered at intervals daring his speech, wbb greeted at the conclusion by marked applause. Mr Everard next aroso, and nnder the Bom bianco of speaking to the Land Bill, attacked those who, on a late occasion, had not voted on tho snmo sido as himself. Ho reminded hon. members tbat cifiy two vacnnoies in tho Ministry were to bo filled up, and hoped that members would vote withont reference to prospective appointments. Mr Everard objected to tbo present bill, becauso it virtually gavo another ten years' lease to the sqaatters, and becauso he believed timt it con tained some of the worst features of tho Land Bill of 1862. Mr Everard asserted that the hon. member for Brighten voted against those clauses which he considered unrighteous in the Land Bill of 1862. There seemed _ to bo seme donbt abont this, Mr Higiubotham asserting Ibut ho was net in tho House nt that time. Mr Everard, with more energy than politeness, said, "Yes yon wore," and Mr Higiubotham then explained that ho was returned on tho evening the bill wns road a third time, and that ho voted for tho redaction of tho squatters' tounre. Mr Everard observed tbat lio would sappoit no more _ compromises, as it waa high timo tbat cffectivo steps wero taken to conserve tha Crown estate. Mr Macgregor is n veritable Uriah Heep for " nmbleness"; whenever be proposes an amendment ho hnmbly tells tho reasons that impel him to do so. Last evening ho objected to tho bill as vesting too great a power iu cuy single individual, however honest, and moved as ni amendment, merely, however, to provoko discussion, " That, iuRstnocb os the j administrative powers conferred by tho bill i were arbitrary and exocssive, it ought not to receive the assent of tho L'oose." Tho amendment was seconded by Mr Connor. I Mr Mackay spoke in favonr of tho bill, t witting I tho member for Rodney with tho inconsistency I of his remarks abont arbitrary power, inasmuch I as twolvo months ago he was head oi a depart- | rnont that had exercised, and now exercised, more arbitrary power then was over exercised I by the land department. On tho inotiov of Mr I Dnffy the debate was ndjonrned. The Heme | then went into commit inn nn Dm l.nnda Com- f pensation Statute. Six clauses were postponed, P and the rest wcro passed, and progress was | reported. The Coroners Statute, 18C5, Amend | ment Bill was read a second time, and the third k reading set down for this evening. The Home j| then adjourned. g Tho Legislative Council met yesterday. The jl County Courts Bill was read a second ticic, (J and tho Honso went into committee on tha £1 measure. One clauso, (9,) was postponed, gj and tha othor clauses up to 23 wero passed as H proposed, or with slight vorbal amendments. H Progress was reported. Tho Local Govern 9 mout Amendment Bill was, on tho motion el a Mr M'Crae, read n first time, and its second M reading wasmade nn order ot tho day for Tues (9 day next, Tho Houso then adjourned. 9 