F A C ET I m. SLURS ON WOMEN.-At a recent dinner in an Eastora city, at which no ladles were present, a roan, in response to tho toast of " Woman,"dwelt almost solely ou tho frnitty ot tho sex, claiming that tho host among them woro little better than the worst, the chief differences being In tho surroundings. At tho conclusion of tho speech n gentleman presont rose and said : " I trust tho gentleman, In tho application of his remarks refers to lils own mothers nnd sisters, not to ours." Tho effect of this most Just and timely robuko was overwhelming. Tho maligner of women was covered with shamo. Tito incident serves an oxcollent pur poso in prefacing a few words which wo hnvo for a long time had n our minds to say. Of nil tho evils prevalent among young *mcn wo know of nono that hos moro blighting in its moral ellects than tho tendency to speak lightly of tho virtue of women. Nor ls there anything in which young men aro so thoroughly mistaken os in tho low cstimato they form of tho integrity of women-not of tholr own mothers and sisters, thank God, but of others who, thoy forget, aro somebody clso's mothers and sisters. As a rulo, no person who surrenders to this debasing habit is safe to bo trusted with any enterprise requiring integrity of character. Piala words should be spoken on this point as the evil is a general ono, and deep-rooted. If young men are sometimes thrown into tho society of the thougthlcss or even lewd women, thoy luwo no moro right to measure »ll other women from what they soo of them than they would have to cstimato tho character of honest and respectarlo citizens by tho developments of crlmo In our polico courts. Let young men remember that tholr chlo! happi- ness in Ufo depends upon their utter faith in women. No worldly wisdom, no miBanthrophic philosophy, no gonomllzaUon can cover or weaken this fundamental truth. It stands like tho recor.l of God himself-for it Is nothing loss than this-and should put an everlasting seal upon his lips that are wont to speak highly of women.-American paper. AN Irish peasant on n small ragged pony, was floundering through a bog, when the animal, in lils efforts to push ou, got on of lils hoofs into tho stirrups. '. Arrnh," said tho rider, " my boy* If you aro going to get up, it is Hmo for me to got down." " I'M afraid oí tho lightning," murmured a pretty youngwoman during a storm. " Woll you may," sighed her despairing adorer, " when your heart is stool." CERTAIN UNCERTAINTY.-"What is tho reason," salda young lady, that thero ls nothing said nbout "a certain woman," as well as "a certain man Ï" A gentleman answered the lady's question in tho following extempore : " A certain man's phrase, in Sorlpturo common. ' Dut nothing's said nbout 'a certain woman r Tho renson all may seo that aro not blind, A woman's never certain of hormlnd." SCRrnisiNu FACT.-When Sheridan's llnanccs were at tho lowest ebb, and his credit had long vanished, ho wus met in Pall Mall by a friend witli a now pair of boots. " Who lias boen the Bufferer!" was tho natural question. " No ono," replied tiio wit. .The other mentioned many of the ingenious expedients of mystifying trades- men in voguo among men nbout town and by Sheridan in partlcu- - lar. " It ls of no uso," rejoined tho Inttcr. " You may guess till yon aro dumb, and you will not hit upon tho way in which I. obtained theso excellent understandings." "Then Iglvoltup." "Well, to solve tho puzzle," explained Sheridan "J paid for them." A young Frenchman lately married an English lady, and while taking lils intended lirido to tho altar, on finding tho weather dull and gloomy, observed, " I hopo wo shall shortly have aleetlesun." To which tho lady replied, "I think, my dear, I would rather have a llttlo daughtor." In a pew in Alllngton church, Dorset, were a great grandfather, great grandmother, grandfather, two grandmothers, three mothers, a father, husband, two wives, two daughters, a granddaughter, great grandson, grandson, and a son : the whole comprised In flvo persons. Why- is tho road of trespassers so hard f-Because it is io much travelled. . Several New York churches bavo their contribution boxea Íiassed round by handsome young ladies, and it ls said to pay mmcnsely. WREN you "pop tho question" to a lady, do lt with a kind of laugh, a» if you were joking. If she accepts you, very well: ifsko does not, you cnn any " yeu were only in lim," During the cholera once in Landon, a barber, while opefnllng ona gentleman, expressed his opinion Unit, after all, tho cholera waa in tho hair. " Then."observed tho customer, "yon ought to bo very careful what brushes you usc." " Oh, Sir," replied thc burlier, laugh- ing, 'I didn't mean the uirof tho ed, tmtthc finir ofthcfirtfmospnerc.' A Gmt. or SriniT-" Wary, why did you kiss your hand to that Gentleman opposite, this morning? ' said u careful mother to her Moomin* daughter. " Wiiy, the gentleman had the impudence to throw a kiss clear across the street to mo, and, of course, I threw it back indignantly. You wouldn't have mc encouraging him by keep ' OLD Alli's" LAST.-A characteristic story of tito Président is narrated in a lotter from Washington. When tho telegram from Cum- berland Gnp reached Mr Lincoln that " dring was heard in tho direc- tion ofKnoxvlIIe,"horemnrkcd that he was "glad of lt." Some person present who hod tho perils of Burnside's position uppermost in his iulnd could not see why Mr Lincoln should be "(rind ol it," anil co expressed himself. " Why. you see," responded tho President, " it reminds mc of Mistress Sallie Wuru.n neighbour of minc, who bad a ELIZABETH AT PAUL'S Cnosa.-Tho next day being Ash Wednes- day, Bo Silva accompanied lier to St. Paul's, where Nowell, the Bean, was to preach. A vast crowd had assembled-more, thc Queen thought to tee her than to henr tho sermon. Tim ;Dean began, and had not Eroceedcd for when he came an the subject of images, " whioh be audled roughly." "Leave that alone," Elizabeth called from her seat. The preacher did not hear, and went on with lils invectives. " To your text I Mr Beau," she shouted, raising her voice "To your text ; leave that; wo have had enough of that! To your subject!" The unfortunate Br Nowell coloured, stammered out a few incoherent words, and was unable to go on. Elizabeth went off in a rase with her ambassador. The congregation-the Protestant port of it- wera 'A I'MT orion 1-A gentleman rodo up to a publie-house in tho country, " and asked, .' Who ia thc master of this house f " _ " I am, sir/: replied the landlord ¡ " my wife hus been dead about three weeks." STEBNE, who used his wife very ill, was one day talking to Garrick: In a Ano sentimental manner, In praise ol conjugal love mid fidelity. "Tho husband," said Sterne, "who behaves unkindly to his wife, acserves to have his house fcurnt over his hoad." " If you think so," said Garrick, "1 hope your houso ls Insured.-" ; . UAH TA CALCULATE AN ECLIPSE A T'SON.-If yov n son at's aa arrond rake, keep him pcnnylcss wal he begins ta shew signs a dis satisfttckshoa t and when tlmt toys plaice, lino him'his pocket at wunce, and then look nht, for thcaM be an eclipse a t'son i son menny barrs an sna menny eeckunds at arter for a surtainty ¡ and though not visslblo nt Grinu¡dgc,5¡t will bo tat'nakct coovhiz awn family an t'naborhood rliaand. . ... , , HOOD said ho was forced to nuixo broad grins under narrow clrcnm stances, nud bo a lively Hood fora livelihood. , < "Soldiers must bo fearfully dishonest," says Mrs Partington, "as it ! seems to bc a nightly occurrence for a sentry to bo relieved of his WIAC'BÏAUTIÏUL Cow.-A poetical auctioneer. In Gloucestershire, ruado uso of tho following Unca In describing a beautiful cow i Long in her sides, bright In her eyes, Short In her legs, thin in her thighs, Big In her ribs, wide in lier pin», . Full in her bosom, small in her »lilas, ^ ? Long in her face, Uno tn her tail, -. , ; ¿f,. And never dcftclcntin fllllnc her pail.^ ' .^vT . _ ,,, \- Tlio Hov. Dr Alexander, in n speech delivered last week at Hamilton, told the following story i-Once upon a time there resided in.Tcbbles shlroalitilf- wUtcdsoriofninnwlio lind n notion that ho was rather reunions, and who was in tho habit of saying his prayers ina field behind a turf-dykc. Ono doy this individual was followed to his retire- ment by some evil-disposed persons, who, sccrctlug themselves on tho onnosito side, prepared to listen to what ho should say. Jock com nienced his devotion«, and, among other things, expressed his convic- tion that lie was a very great sinner, and that oven were-the turf-dyke nt that moment to fall upon him, it would bo no moro tlianhe deserved. No sooner had hé said this than the persons on the opposite side pushed thc dyke over upon him. Scrambling out from amongst tho debns, Jock was heard saving " Hcch, sirs I it's an nwfu* world this, a hod/ canna say a thlng'iu joke but it's tii'cn in enrnest." A Frenchman, just arrived, who lind been taking English lessons on the voyage from a fellow-passenger,' complained much of, the difllculty of our grammar, especially thcirrcgular verbs, l'or instance, says he " Zo verb ' to go.* Did you ever see ono such verbf- And with the utmost gravity he rend*from a Bhcct of paper-I go, thou depnrtest, he clears out, we cut stick, ye or you make tracks, they absquatulate Mon Dieu I mon Dieu! what ifisrcgulnr verbs you have in your English language 1" When X go to church nnd see n gentleman drop a sovereign into tho Ïlatc, and then look un to cntch thc upproring glance of his neighbour wonder if tho sovereign is like himself-a counterfeit I A player, performing the ghost in llnnilct very hudly, was hissed J nfler hearing lt a good while he nut thc audience in good humour by stepping forward and saying, " Ladies and gentlemen, Í am extremely sorry that my humblo endeavours to please ure unsuccessful; but if you are not satisfled, 1 must give up the ghost." ." A Sheriffs olllcer was sent to execute n writ against n quaker. On arriving nt the house lie saw the quaker's wife, who, in reply to tho inquiry whether her husband was nt home, answered in thc ulllrmntivc, at the samo time requesting him to be seated, and her husband would speedily s:c him. 'J lie olllcer waited patiently for some time, but Ute fair quakeress coming iuto thc room, lie reminded her of her promiso that lie should sec her hushaud. 'Kay, friend, I promised that he should sec thee. Helms seen thee. Ile did not Uko thy looks, so ho avoided thee, und lins left tho house by another path !" Tutor : Ñame the grentcst corn-growers iii Europe and America. Little boy: Tight boots. CONCLUSION of A SKHMON TQ, You.vo Mer»,-111 want yon, my vcmag sinners, to kiss nnd get married, mid devote your timo to morality and moncy-innking. Then let your homes bc provided with such comforts ns piety, pickles, pots, und kettles; 'brushes, hroonis, . benevolence, brea J, virtue, wine, mid wisdom. Have these nlunys on hand, und happiness will be with you. ,Do not drink anjthhig intoxi- cating, cat moderately, go uuont business after lircnkfast, lounge a little uficr dinner, chut after ten, and kiss after quarrelling. 'J'licn all tho joy, the peuce aud bliss thc earth can afford shall bo yours, until tile gravo closes over you, sud your spirits ure borne to n brighter and happier world." (loon Armen no A Hunni,An.-A jolly old fellow of oiiracqunlnt ance, who resides in Wasliington.Bqiinrc, und lins u minister of tho ?;ospel for his next door neighbour, wits mvukened hy u noise ut tho rent door of hts house n few nights ngo, ni.d cautiously raising the parlour window, espied a burglar ot woik lu thc basement yard below, .' Look hero, my 'worthy filend," said the old man, "you're made a miatako in the ntimhcrof thc house. I haven't gota crut j und besides I um ono or jour kind ; I'm on lt myself. Hut there'd u felluw next door Hint's got lot's of 'soip* mid diamond*, and more good dollies! Qo and rolinim, und I'm .11 with you." lt is needless to say thcrouber sneaked off without " milking the rille." HAU nut TntiiK.- \ waggish cunitc overheard the schoolmaster giving lessons In grnnimnr. " lou cannot p!«re a, Hie singular nrtie'e," said the preceptor, ""before plural timms. Tin une eau tay et pigs, ft women, rt --" -" Nonsense," cried the curate, " thc prayer-book knows better than you I should think, or it wouldn't tcuch me to say rt-mcn." COATS, SitrnTS, AUD SKIDS.-A blacksmith was lately summoned to a county court ns n witness, in 11 dispute between two of his work« men. Tho Judge, after hearing tho testimony, asked him why he did not advise them to settle, as the casts had already nmountcd to tlirco times thc disputed Bum. He replied-" I tuld tho fools to settle, for Î said tho clerk, would tako their coats, thc in«'yera their shirts, aud if tliey got into your honour's court, you'd sVin 'cm !'' A Country 1'apcr, in a notice of 11 lecture given hy a phrcnoloslst, ?sys, .' Behind thc pln.form Is u gallery ol lilc-fltc portraits, SO feet high." ' There ls a man so knowing, Hint people who dult't kjigyf their 9*11 mlinligo lo him (ur hiigt mutton un thc sa'Jett, < 