News of the Week. IN the Water Police Court, Joseph Murphy, 22, a seaman belonging to the Decapolis, was brought before the Water Police Magistrate, charged with embezzling cargo. It appears that he was at work in the hold on the 12th instant, was seen taking a bottle of ale oat of a cask, and was given into custody. He seemed to be under the impression that if he paid for the cask he opened no further punish ment could ensue. When before the Magistrate he pleaded guilty to taking the bottle of ale, and was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment and hard labor, and to be returned to the ship at the expiration of his sentence. The traffic on the Southern and Western Railway, for the week ending March 6, has been as follows:—Passengers, £234 Is. 9d.; par oels, £8 18s. Bd.; miscellaneous, £15 ss. 4d.; goods, £1137 9s. 7d. Total, £1395 15s. 4d. Thssb patients were discharged from Woo garoo Asylum last week. There were not any admitted. At present, 131 male and 52 female patients are under treatment in the asylum. The first of a short series of dramatic enter tainments was given on Saturday evening, at the Victoria Theatre, by Mr. T. Fawcett, Miss Creed Royal, and company. There was a fair attendance, though the house was by no means crowded. Thb Oharleville correspondent of the Queens land Times writes; —" At a meeting held at Mr. J. Read's, on the Ist, by the pastoral tenants of the Crown (or rather by the three day gentle men who have been travelling their stock during the late drought), the following petition was carried nem. con. .- —l. That in consequence of the great distance of your petitioners' runs from the sea-board, they have to pay extreme rates for labor and carriage. 2. That the frequent recurrence of severe droughts in this district renders the present rents excessively high in proportion to the stock the runs will carry, especially as compared with the rents paid for runs in the settled districts. 3. That the above mentioned reasons, in conjunction with the great depreciation in wool and stock, make pastoral pursuits not only unremunerative but a serious and continuing loss. 4. That the greater por tion of our runs are totally destitute of perma nent water, and to secure an adequate supply entails an outlay of capital not warranted under our present short leases. 5. That your peti tioners believe that a rental of ten shillings per square mile for watered runs, a nominal rent for unwatered runs, and an extension of lease to twenty-one years, would prevent many of the present lessees from forfeiting their runs, while, on the contrary, it would enable them to carry out such improvements as greatly to increase the capabilities of the district. A second meet ing was afterwards held to bring under the con sideration of about four persons the advisability of upsetting the previous memorial, signed by upwards of forty bond fide pastoral tenants. Mr. Lawson, however, represented so clearly how ridiculous the proposal was that he carried the good sense of the meeting with him." A TEiXGBAx reached town on Saturday last from Roma, from which we learn that Mr. Arthur Hodgson wag duly proposed and seconded as member for the Warrego, at Cunna | mulla, on the 19th of last month. There was no opposition, and the hon. gentleman was de clared elected. The writ will be to hand a few days hence. Apart entirely from the questions of confidence or distrust in the present Govern ment, we are glad to hear that Mr. Hodgson has not been opposed, and that there will be no obstacle to his taking his seat when the House assembles on the 16th instant. If Mr. Lilley shall at that time be Premier, he will at last be able to present to Parliament a Cabinet com plete, so far as haying all its members present. The Opposition might derive some trifling ad vantage from a temporary vacancy on the Treasury benches, but it could not have profit ted them much. If we are to have another fight, as seems probable, the Government will all the more readily accept the issue, because of there being no gap in their ranks. G. H. Haix, Sheriff's officer, took "French leave" of his superiors some days ago, and has not yet returned. About the same time a sum of public money, of which the amount is not precisely known, also disappeared. Between £300 and £400 it miaiing, but as certain books and papers have gone too, the sum lost can only be guessed at, at present. Hall, we believe, announced that he was about to proceed to the Downs for the benefit of bis health, but it was thought that he subsequently changed his mind and weßt north. He has since been arrested in Sydney. In the course of the trial of Buckby and Davis, for manslaughter, Dr. Bancroft, before being sworn, aßked his Honor the Chief Justice, whether he was not entitled to the usual fees allowed to medical witnesses, mentioning at the same time that in England he had always re ceived one guinea per day. He added that at the last criminal sittings, he had been in atten dance at the court for nine days and that only two guineas had been offered in payment—a sum which, of course, he refused. His Honor replied, that he believed the payment was fixed by Act of Parliament, but that at any rate it was not his place to say how much a witness was entitled to. Mr. Pring, Q.C., who con ducted the prosecution, stated that Dr. Ban croft would be paid for his attendance at the rate of one guinea per day. Dr. Bancroft said that would be quite satisfactory, and the trial proceeded. The names of candidates willing to represent the congregation of the Wickham-terrace Angli can Church in the approaching synod, must be sent in to the Bey. Mr. Jones on or before Mon day, March 22. The election will take place on the 30th instant. From the list of the undefended cases in the Petty Debts Court, published a few days ago, the case of Shallehn v. Beahan was accidentally omitted. The claim was for goods sold £1125., and was decided in favor of the plaintiff. We understand that on the arrival of the City of Brisbane, s., from Sydney, Captain Knight (her commander) is to be summoned for a breach of the new quarantine regulations. It is stated that on the occasion of his last visit to this port he came up from the anchorage with out having obtained pratique from the Water Police Inspector, who is. also deputy Health Officer. The City of Brisbane came up to the bar during the night of February 28, about midnight, and was immediately boarded by the Health Officer's boat. Captain Knight handed the Health Officer a printed form with the answers to the ques tions as to the health and other particulars respecting the passengers filled in in writing. The officer noticed that the form had not been authenticated by the captain's signature, and requested that Captain Knight would sign it ; but this, we are told, he refused to do, and also to answer any of the questions respecting the ship and passengers the Health Officer put to him. On this the Health Officer refused to grant the ship pratique, and left her. Not withstanding this, Captain Knight prooeeded up the river with his steamer, and landed his passengers in Brisbane on the morning of March 1, at half-past 1 o'clock. A bbsident of Wickham-terrace writes as follows: —" On Sunday morning I took two little children for a walk up to the Observatory. One of them picked up what she thought to be a piece of blue glass; the second child picked up several smaller pieces and took them home. The eldest child was in the act of sucking a piece, when her mother went and examined it, and found it to be bluestone. We immediately made the child swallow salt, to induce it to vomit, and are thankful we so soon detected the poison, as had we not both the children might have been poisoned. I went back soon after to the Observatory, and at the door gathered up ialf a pint of the stuff. A young woman, in charge of some children, who were at hand, said it was put there to poison dogs." With reference to the foregoing, we believe the bluestone alluded to is some of the waste chemicals used in the electric battery of the Observatory. We feel sure that it has been cast about in the way complained of in mere thoughtlessness, but it is to be hoped care will be taken in future to avoid anything of the sort occurring. The Observatory hill is the resort of hundreds of children, and such dangerous amusement as sucking bluestone should be kept out of their way. Tenbbbs are called for 10 a.m., on Monday next, for the following extensions of the Brisbane water service:—Petrie's Bight, from end of main to Union Hotel; Adelaide-street, from Albert-street to Edward-street ; Brunswick street, from Wickham-street to Ann-street ; Brunswick-street, from Ann-street towards New Farm-road ; Ann- street, from Brunswick-street to Osbourne's Hotel; Ann-street, towards Gibb street; Gibb-street, from Wickham-street to Leichhardt-street; Gibb-street, from Wickham street towards Ann-street; Petrie-terrace, from gaol towards city boundary; Caxton-street, from Petrie-terrace towards Cemetery; Wick ham- terrace, from Observatory to Leichhardt street ; Wharf-street, from Wickham- terrace to Leichhardt-street; right-of-way off Ann-street, behind residence of Dr. Hobba; Hospital to northern boundary of Acclimatisation Society's grounds. The Woogaroo enquiry ia still proceeding, and, we believe, will last two or three weeks longer. One of the witnesses has offered to furnish us with a copy of his evidence, and we shall probably publish it, unless, after perusal, we should be of opinion that it would be unfair , to do so. We confess to a thorough dislike and distrust of these hole-and-corner investigations. One can arrive at a far safer conclusion from hearing and seeing the witnesses, and observing the manner in which they are interrogated, than by simply reading their evidence. We believe the commissioners will perform their duties con scientiously, but we should have liked the re porters to be present nevertheless.—Queens land Times, March 6. The Queensland Times states that on the night of Mar. 1 a fire broke out suddenly in the dwel ling-bouse formerly occupied by Messrs. Camp bell and Son, at Redbank. Captain Towns's manager, Mr. Moody, who waa residing in the building, and was in bed and asleep when the alarm was given, barely had time to save him self, and, in a few minutes, the house, which had contained eight rooms, was a mass of smouldering embers. We do not give publicity | to what is reported as to the origin of the fire. The house was an old one, built entirely of wood, and could not have possessed great value, but the furniture had been purchased recently I at some expense, and there was 'no insurance. I Nothing whatever, we believe,was saved. j His Excellency the Governor has expressed ! to Alderman Beattie his willingness to lay the j foundation-stone of the reading-room and ; library of the Star of Queensland Lodge, Grand United Order of Odd Fellows, which is ! about to be erected in Fortitude Valley. The ceremony will take place about noon on St. ; Patrick's day. Very great credit is due to the 1 officers and members of the lodge for their ; spirited attempt to establish such an insti- I tution—the first of the kind in this colony, and one which is especially needed. The reading room is, we understand, to be supplied with all I th.f. Prmcipal newspapers and magazines, and , will be entirely free, but a box will be placed i near the door to receive such donations as the i visitors think well to give. The library will be | available to members of the lodge and all the ■ brethren of the Order resident in the distriot. ! We now have telegraphic communication with j Wide Bay, the line from Maryborough to | Woody Island Lighthouse being Completed. ! The first shipping telegram came through on I the 10th. This line cannot fail to prove ussful to | the shipping of the port. The adjourned meeting of the ratepayers of Brisbane, to consider the present state of muni cipal affairs, was held in the Chamber of Com merce, Town Hall, at noon on Mar. 8. Mr. E. Mac Donnell presided. The meeting was tole rably well attended, considering the unseason able hour at which it was called. After some discussion, the meeting was adjourned till Fri day. His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche was a pas senger by the Lady Young, which arrived from Sydney on Mar. 8. He appears to have derived considerable benefit from his trip to the southern colonies. The chairman of the St. Patrick's celebration committee has received a telegram from His Excellency the Governor intimating his acqui escence in the request of the committee that he should preside at the banquet to be given on the 17th March, at the Town Hall, and his pleasure at being invited to do so. The com mittee have engaged the Emu for the trip to the bay to take place on that day. Seal's Band, we believe, will accompany the excursionists. A CONCERT in aid of the Wickham-terrace Anglican Church organ fund, at the School of Arts, on March 9, was a decided success. There was a good attendance, and the programme seemed to give entire satisfaction to the au dience. The selections were exclusively from Handel's oratorio "The Messiah," and Haydn's, "Creation." Where everything was so well done it is almost invidious to particularise, but it is only simple justice to say that the choruses were well sustained, and given with great pre cision and effect. It is some time since Mr. and Mrs. Atkinson appeared before a Brisbane audi ence, but we trust that the success of the concert will induce them to give us another enter tainment before long, and, in arranging the pro gramme, we hope Mrs. Atkinson will be set down for a number of little ballads. If a con cert of this kind is given, it requires no prophet to pronounce that it will be successful. " Competition is the soul of trade," says the old proverb, and certainly competition between rival steamers is a good thing for traders and travellers. It no sooner became known that the Havilah, s., was to call at Rock hampton than the A.S.N. Co. had placards posted all over the town stating the Clarence, s., would take saloon passengers for Rock hampton at £2 per head, and steerage pas sengers at £1. The pseudo Count Yon Attems has made the following confession to the authorities in Soura baya:—" That his real name is Kurt Schmalz, and 22 years of age ; that from his sixteenth year he commenced his career of rascality and swindling, and that in 1867, under the name of Count Yon Schonborn, he discounted drafts in Amsterdam which were so well imitated that the forgery was not discovered until two days after they had been cashed in London. A Batavian paper of November 29 states further, that an attempt was made by him to escape from the gaol at Sourabaya; he was disguised in the clothing of his servant, and had got as far as the outer gate of the prison, when a Javanese watchman laid hold of him, and with the assistance of the military guard brought him back to his place of confinement. It is also stated in another paper that the Hamlet's Ghost was sold at public auction on December 4 for 2500 guilders, which is about £208." Attorneys are frequently reminded by the learned Judges of the Supreme Court that, in the interest of their clients, if for no other rea son, they should be more careful than they are in preparing affidavits. Apparently, however, the warning is not generally heeded, as His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche had occasion this week to again remark, " that it is really lamentable to see the neglect that still prevails in preparing affidavits." His HONOR the Chief Justice, after consulting with his learned colleague, Mr. Justice Lut wyche, has directed that a rule of Court should be drawn up, authorising the Acting-Registrars of the Supreme Court—Mr. James Stockwell, associate of His Honor the Chief Justice; Mr. Kelson Wright, associate of His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche; and Mr. Fitzroy Somerset, the Registrar of the Metropolitan District Court, to receive affidavits in Equity as well as the Registrar of the Supreme Court. The Regis trars of the District Courts out of Brisbane already possess this power. The company of the Queen's Own 50th Regiment, which has been stationed in Brisbane for the last twelve months, on Mar. 10 embarked on board the troop-ship Himalaya. The Kate, s., left town early in the forenoon for the penal station at St. Helena, with a party of police to relieve the military guard there. The sol | diers, sixteen in number, were then taken on I board the Kate, and conveyed to the Himalaya. The soldiers in town, sixty-four in number, with their officers, Captain Eden, Lieutenant Mac ! gregor, and Ensign Bromfield, were taken to the I ship in the A.S.N. Co.'s s. Diamantina, which i had been chartered for the purpose of convey ing the troops to the transport. On the way down the river an incident occurred which for the moment created some little excitement. Just as the steamer got abreast of the Custom House one of the privates, who appeared loth to leave Brisbane, suddenly jumped overboard with the intention of swimming ashore. The i steamer was at once stopped, backed astern, and a | boat lowered. Aboatalsoputofffromtheacbooner ; Lookout, which was lying in the stream, so that 1 he was picked up immediately, with no further I hurt than a good ducking. He made some re i sistance to getting into the steamer when the ■ boat got alongside. Finally, however, he was taken on board, where he was secured in a ; manner that prevented his getting into further mischief. The Diamantina having transhipped the men to the Himalaya, returned to town and , arrived at the wharf about balf-past 7 o'clock. It was expected that she would bring up a company of the 18th Royal Irish from the Himalaya, to take the place of the 50th, but there were no troops on board for Brisbane. The Himalaya brought the 50th to New Zealand . about four years ago. : The usual monthly meeting of the Brisbane Fire Brigade was held in the Exchange-room, Town Hall, on March 11. Captain Vermy I occupied the chair at the commencement of tie ' meeting, and Mr. Alderman Bcattie at a subse quent period, Captain Verney not being able to remain until the business was concluded. Eighteen members were present. Three mem bers resigned on account of having to leave the : city. Their resignations were accepted. Three new members were elected, and one candidate was proposed. Mr. Dunn was elected as officer ,of No. 1 Company. Mr. Prentice stated that the late Mr. Schulteis, just before his death, requested him to thank the members of the Brigade, and others, for their subscriptions on his behalf, which had been collected by Mr. i Prentice and another member of the old BrU gade. The meeting then terminated. 