HOW HE BECAME A GOOD DOG. By Rambod. In one of his letters'' Cartridge " mentioned that he bad been guided a great deal in his selection of puppies by the expression of countenance. He had given away fine and well-made pups to hh friends (?) because they (the pups) were deficient in that look of in telligence which is almost invariably. I might say always, to be notioed in the expression of a really good dog. 1 cannot say that I have been lucky iu my " picks " of puppies, but as it was once my good fortune to shoot over for three or four seasons the (of course) best dog in the world, and associated with bis history are some very remarkable incidents, sustain ing "Cartridge's " theories, it may interest a few of your readers it I relate it. This dog was a pointer, as ugly as sin and as good as gold. He never saved a man's life from impending death, when the upraised arm and shining knife of a bloodthirsty tramp, &c.; Nor did he ever jump tlirough a dining-room window, and take a return ticket for home, &c.; But he was a wonder none the less. Only in one instance was anything sensational .connected with this dog's career; certainly, that was highly sensational, and I should say, so de cidedly unpleasant at the time that the remembrance of it no doubt was indelibly impressed on the dog's memory ever after wards. How he waSbredtiobody knew ;jhe was, in fact, nobody's dog. There was no blue blood in bis veins. Whether ' 41 Bocama of a litter of five, , Four wpro drowned and be left stive, Thought worthy alone to tmrrive," no one knew and no one ever will know. He was "a curly-tailed pup," which I need hot say is no recommend ation in * pointer, And bis tail was as thick as an old gentleman's stick, if anything a little thicker at the tftfrng end than at the foot. He was a square tout animal, with big ragged hips, great muscular quarters, strong straight legs; bis eon were very far aet bucManotbergood point, of course), and instead of being thin and transparent,. with that peculiar velvety fed notioed in well-bred dogs, were very thick and very hairy. He bad, however, a veryhroad fore head, and another good point, the most ex pressive pair of eyesyou oversaw in a dog.; No it waa°alwaya a case of ege?'' and X believe many a leathering he got, When he bad arrived at years of ditoretion, for pay ing attentions in quarters where his atten tions were not desirable, for, though huj ex traordinary excellence in the nNld was known, no one would breed from him. The- bar sinister was on his escutcheon. When I (first saw tills dog he was over- one year oldj and his master, with an oath, kicked him .oat of his room, and told his servant if be ever. foundthe dog fo again fee would shoot! him then <and there. His mostet waa e keen sportsman, a very excltoble. pMeionate Pfjb bafe nevertheless, tire beet-hearted lellcnv in the universe, a bachelor , owning a snug little estate in a midland county of England, with a big house which he allowed a relative to inhabit, his own quarters being in on humble little cot "* mwwk or BUttolkcoiM it jave btengu. passed. Somehow he took a fancy to n» though lie was considerably my annfot rifi carie-blancfie^ to shoot when I like4 0'n^ estate was given me. And many a ttttihw day's sport we had together. However hr, hark back to the dog. Scene No. 1.—The 1st of September. M» friend and self in a stubble field, withaaor cellent pointer of my own and one of tos" My dog has just found, and Donisbackinein most approved form, when all of a sujfigT our friend "the curly-taileApun" pats hum appearance on the scene. /Hashing over the gate, he is np to the dogs in a moment, iookt at them for a second, as much as to sar "What are yon making sncb consummate asses of yourselves for lb those ridiculous attitudes?" winds the. game which is eri dently to his taste, lashes Ids sides with his stockwhip tail, and is into them like one o'clock. Whirr, whirr 1 off goes the covey. Bang, bang; a yelp, a howl, a convulsive roll', ing over, a staggering attempt to rise only to fall again, and a volley of oaths. The cnriy tailed pup has received the content* «v».-« 1 *- - ■* ' , . received the content* rfSSL" barrels at about forty yards. UckvIM I ever saw that h«^i,A3rw for the best dog ! lv5eiA0t^n Rented or thia stoi not be told. "D— him thoM » - t squire" could swear as well as ehwt. Li L carcase was left m a ditch to ret C friend s astonishment when about a ALA,7 afterwards the ghost of Shot was seen stretched in front of his MtcheX fii"® "What, that brute come back'" Th<w^' pleaded eloquently and forcibly (she ^ heard of the shooting) that the dog W JK to the back door, anl had looked ioS2 and imploringly into her face that? wouldn't have had a woman's heart to to take him in, and feed Mm. & he is not worth his grub.' Keep him out my sight, that's all," was the rejoinder Scene No. 2.—The following season "alma* the 1st of September, the iden™elffl was not far from my friend's cottage. 3 imagine my astonishment when in tSe act of reloading, at noticing Mr. Shot cautious), peering through a gap in the hedge at whn was going on. " By Jove, he wants anothw Charge, does be?" was mj friend'sremsA when 1 drew his attention to the doe. No fear of that, Shot was too wide awake for him, and kept a very respectful distance from his would-be executioner. But he evident), intended to see the fan at any rate, and all through the day, in neariy every field we vent over, Mr. Shot might be seen, ton, taW notes of our proceedings. At Inniy^ nothing could induce him to come within fifty yards, but be sat up like a judge watching us. He never offered to hunt or to disturb the other dogs. In the evening, after dinner for curiosity's sake, I went into the kitchen' and there was the dog under the table, evi dently on good terms with the cook. Of course, this curious proceeding of s dog who had been tickled with two doses of No. 6 to within an inch of death's door, was com mented on by us, and my friend's chuckle at the extraordinary sagacity the dig displayed in keeping out of his way, was very amusing. "Dash my wig" (a favourite expression of liis, as be ran his long fingers torongh his, carrotty mop), " I shouldn't wonder if that mongrel would make a good dog, after alL" A day or two after he tried to coax the dog to go with him, but "once bit twice sby," Shot declined liis acquaintance, and took refuge in his sanctum, the kitchen, where he was safe. Scene 3.—I was the means of discovering the qualities of Shot It happened thus. My friend, who was a bit of 8 fanner, had gone over to the market town, and I was going to shoot over his manor alone, Nor, what was it if not instinct or mind almost equal to that of man, that made this ugly d% that I had never caressed or made friends with, jump up on me, lick my hands; ran round in circles, as he met me at the front coot as I proceeded, gun in hand, to the field. He could not speak, but if ever cyessud. " May I come with you?" Ms did. Patting him on bis bead, I said, "AH right, old fellow," and off we went Myowndogwasa veiy good one, and a very good-tempered one, and Shot and he were soon fnends. m curious part of it was that Shot never offered to hunt. Hestayed with me all day, and when I showed him the birds, be snuffedat mot, and poked his nose into them, bnt did n offer to mouth. Hares wereveiy pfcntdm, and seldom a day but half-a-dozen . shot He saw several get up and rollover- J he never offered to chase. In feet Hed , thing but follow me dosely. and l wndoM that my friend had. effechi^y ^ ^ ail hunting proclivities. The pert J® I host accompanied roe, and tiren S l cacity was more fully displayed. * . j come with us? Not he; nofor ;W£gl the day, at several places, 13 on some vantage spot, watching ns, ^ ^ always kept on my side of the IS■ him. wo at ranged to suddenly ^ we walked, and it was q^aromingto »oj how quickly Shot made himself to reappear, bnt alwa/soa.m/afc JJJH I THEiie a point of going °"*a«r~tffl> as ifl Shot to she what « woiffdJo. bot,^ ( roaster was present 'presence- ' jumping £™Pl?B*UU . •act, i thought be would not come bj PJe> but he did, and was by myrij in Hie first field. How be firat begin f uunt, what an extraordinaiy nose be btf jtew mtiungs mistake, it would be 1 ",®re bo relate, bat he took f " """" wi at onoe, quartering his „ and standing as steady as an old dog. Scene 4 and last—Bdiold Shot ncono* «> his master, and my firm mend. As paw} «og us man could wish I bare seen f fried in the keeper's presence, against best bred and best tniood from the kern. a nobleman noted tor bis dogs/butnoSopfj them oonid hold a candle to Shot dbg in the kenned, sir, and tosbootwheoef Jpu like over the preserves, was the«? Dawson, the keeper, made, [ted to do e* for Shot after he had** hfm perform one very hot, still, Win g tember. "Ho, no, * aaid tar friend, ism , not f(your masterthmwtbepeerwmW bargain/' , The longest day oouMJ»«/ bliot He kneweW** fiMd .of thebwAJ seemed to kaotrbyl but on fresh ground no ararcehr call to mind hfa^cmKl^1 i explained the moment you too^/i yOuiieednot T vagetows several vay.**"*.!?,!,®.!. shtfLi s xlown xt> when he f®^ A loW80^ ih adyanoe.. ®otttd -givea wr, g bare or itfjjt be ^ i whine, » tbe^mc T_hnt_if told: would do the same any Attain, there were a great many wild about, fine plump birds, I think «rinally half-bred between the ordinary •ft and some tame ones. I used to shoot Ptimes three or four at dusk, as they flew Si the side of a canal to the ponds where fhn were bred and preserved, and whenever K fell into the water, and sometimes from 3hs other side, Shot would retrieve. On par ses he was incomparable, and at the end oftbeseason, when birds were very wild, his ,sagacity was displayed to perfection. He crnuld at a hint slmk down a fence- side to •work a plough ridge and furrow, thus placing became between himself and the gun; he would crawl on his belly almost at such times, ■whereas on ordinary occasions he stood up right in good style. I have seen him road a winged bird across a field, retrieve ic, and bring it'back the same way he went, aye, and down-charge with it in his mouth if other .birds got up. When he stood a rabbit he used to wave bis tail gently and cock his head on one side, whereas with a hare he in variably crouched low, and I have watched -for many seconds his attitude' as he stood, or lav rather, to puss, with his nose not a yard ■from her form. In fact. Shot was as perfect 4 dog as man oould wish for. Whether his master's method of breaking him in with that .double discbargefrom bis Purday had any thing to do with it I cannot say, but comparing 'Shot with other first-class dogs, it always .-seemed to me that his sagacity, iustinct, ■mind, or whatever you please to call it, was something approaching that of man. It was just as " Cartridge" remarked in choosing 'pups. You could read his worth in his broad forehead and expressive eyes. I have seen jiim even enjoying a rat hunt with the terriers, ana the way he would chaw up those vermin was .something alarming; ono crush "between his powerfal jaws was enough, i Thy would he kill a rat and yet not raffle a feather of apartridge or offer to bite a hare i or rabbit ? What name shall we give for such •discrimination? Shot by this time, no doubt, j is gathered to his forefathers, whoever they I were. The last time I saw him he was -snoring loudly and vulgarly at his master's feet before a cheerful fire. Instead of — him, let him lie there," as on that .almost fetal day, Lis master' was then more ■inclined to say with Ingoldsby " Never was dog so * bien instrnit,' Or possessed of each natural talent as he." 