I MOJOTAI. JOTV SKI .Adelaide maintains ."her ' tc»> Bf ' Montgomery, and continnea toenjny g^TOt^nndiaunMhfid difference bet w^the ioa^ .wiuch welcomed Mm on Monday inghfc jaad^t before wijcK he raadfr his debut last year. it wt&onthe; .righlside. There have been few such assemblies^ince the rfinst Montgomery season closed. There Jiave been many, we are liappy to think, qoiie as^:rowdecf,. and it may bs as profitable^'to the treasury, but there has been , none Bo^variorialy interesting or so complimentaryto an artist it was fashionable; bat it was'also "intelli gent It was a motley multitude, *in' "-which every class of theatre-goers had its representatives* intermingled with many who are seldom to b& seen even in the BoyaL It was net so' demonstra tive as ordinary crowds "-'are expected to be; but there were symptoms of appreciation more grati fying than noise. Mr. Montgomery has evidently dropped into a circle of confirmed admiiersr Not a scintillation of the pleasure which he inspired last1 year seems to have been forgotten-not a single regret for the enthusiasm of former days was observable. He drew exactly the'same style of house as oa his fiat visit, arid produced the ~sam& Unique impression. His second Eeason has, m & word, opcued well, and'its progress-appears to be anticipated with lively interest. His Hamlet is too classic a character to need or even to endure redescription. All who have witnessed it havei such a vivid conception of it in then own minds ihat the time is past for the critic to assist them in forming their opinions. On Monday it was observed and studied as a famiiim creation of histrionic genius. Few of its observers may have ever devoted half an hour's attention to the learned discussions on Hamlet's sanity Yet all of them instinctively apprehend die peculiarities of Mr. Montgomery's rendering. They have almost unconsciously adapted themselves t» ttie deeper, more comprehensive view he-takes of the character. They can feel how much more humanity he has infused into it-how he stripped it of conventional tragedy, and wnu3«» it appeal to the dramatic sympathies of all ages, Advancing from this preliminary 6tand-point, they can now dwell with intellectual pleasure on the individual beauties of the role. They can note and inwardly digest the many new and more expressive readings he has introduced into the text. Thfa. will afford them en joymentand occupation for many hearings of Hamlet. It will bring out a subsidiary class of merits in the character which could not be sufficiently discriminatedon a first This remarkable Hamlet carried the Australian stage by storm through the novelty and poetic consistency of its conception. It will maintain its high position by the exquisite finish of its details. It is a character which cannot be two minutes before the footlights without "giving some proof of its originality and excellence, and it may be heard from beginning to end with a steadily increasing appreciation. from the accounts of his recent season in Mel bourne we infer that Air. Montgomery" has been enlarging his list of triumphs, notably by the addition of Iago and Mercutio. Of course Ade laide will be thankful for a few novelties, but she will always regard Hamiet as the piece de resistance. It has consigned all its predecessors to oblivion, but it will so much the more perpetuate grateful recollections of Montgomery. Jts accessories this year are a decided improvement on those of last year. The Btage management is beyond com parison with Mr. Coppin's, the defects of which murdered many a fine effect, and produced very seedy unimpressive situations. Mr. Belhtir and his stall' have worked hard to emphasize the occasion. The scenery and fittings- some of them new, all in good order-were arranged and handled as if something unusual wens the matter with them. Hardly a hitch or an incongruity detracted from the greatness of the central figure. The first appearance of this figure upon the stage was the signal for such acclamation as is most gratifying to the performer. Every one joined in it, and, the welcome over, settled himself down attentively to take in the points of the study which he was well assured was to be presented for his contemplation. But there was not so much interest centred in the Hamlet that none could be spared for the other actors. Several months' experience of them in various characters had awakened curiosity as to their fitness to embody Shakspeare's wonderful conceptions. Their style of playing had become so familiar that there was an anxiety to see how far they could adapt it to new impersonations, and the arrangement of the cast heightened this anxiety. It was feared that there were weak elements in it that could not fail to produce a bad impression, and that the lustre surrounding the Hamlet would throw into deep shade the indifferent success of others. But there was no justification" for any such apprehension. Each performer seemed self-pledged to act up to the Hamletian standard. Miss Juno was such a Queen as the Royal Dane, though endowed with all the godlike qualities assigned to him by a partial son, might well choose for a consort. The very hesitancy which at times betrayed itself in her manner was theappropriate accompaniment to that ignoble act which placed her a second time upon the throne of Denmark. There was no attempt to play the Queen when it was the woman's part merely that had to be enacted. All affectation of royal dignity forsook her when brought to face the stern picture of her degrada tion as held up to her view by the pitiless avenger of that most foul and horrible murder. The mask was thrown off, and the anguish of the conscience-stricken woman revealed. Miss Stoneham had to contend against peculiar advan tages in a part no way congenial to her. There is very little in common between the love-sick Ophelia and the bright laughing vivacious girl who has been the life of so many burlesques during the present season. The wonder is that she should bo far control her features and disguise her merrier nature as to represent the character with tolerable success. But she did more than this; she was an Ophelia that understood what was required of her, and was able to show that she understood it by giving her idea of it intelligible shape. If she failed to infuse a sufficiency of plaintive distress into the mad scene, there was no mistaking the fact that the ecstacy of madness was upon her. The singing was very sweet, and the manner in which dutiful obedience was rendered to Polonius was in keeping with the terrible eS'ects of his death upon her reason. Laertes, in the hands of Mr. Monro, was fairly but not specially well treated. The concentrated pas sion for revenge, inspired by the terrible calamities drawn down upon his house by Ophelia's eccentric lover, was not adequately expressed. Mr. Monro's forte is light comedy, and' it is not easy for him to reconcile himself to the tragic. The character was well dressed, but .not so successfully acted. Mr. Streeton'a Claudius bad nothing particular to recommend it, except a close adherence to the text and a quiet natural rendering of the part. Polonius, represented by- Mr. Musgrave. if not quite so decided a triumph as that of Mr. Rogers, had yet points of marked excel lence. There was no attempt to reduce the old courtier, verging upon senility, into a buffoon. The fact that he was a trusted attendant upon royalty was never overlooked, although none of the point of his vanity and monomaniacy was lost. Mr. George Darrell created a favourable impres sion as Horatio. His enunciation is distinct and emphatic, and he is without question the best Horatio that has visited Adelaide for a long time. Mr. Bel'air made up into Avery stalwart Ghost indeed. He was less pale than the traditionary shade, and his voice was a trifle less sepulchral in its depth than that of other ghosts, but his gestures were as commanding and his voice as even in its tone as the most orthodox dweller in Hades that ever walked. Mr. Hill scarcely give full expres sion to the sardonic humour of the First Urave aigger, but his rendering was far from a failure. Mr. Martin in the dual capacity of Guildenstern and the Second Gravedigger played carefully, and Mr. Batscn, as Bosencraoz, was got up regardless of expense. Miss Maggy Burton made an effective Osric, and the other characters were fairly sus tained. Indeed, we can only say in closing, as we have already remarked, all engaged in the produc tion of the piece had conscientiously prepared themselves to contribute to the success of the evening's performance. TUESDAY, JULY 27. On Tuesday the weather must have had a damping effect on the ^Montgomery fever, for the Theatre had not a particularly , brilliant appearance when the curtain rose on "Still Waters Bun Deep." There was a good average attendance, hut not much trace of speciality. During the first part of the evening there was neither anything very special behind the footlights. It is a peculiarity of this delightful comedy that more than three fourths of its interest is compressed into the two middle acts, n the first, John Mildmay is little Batter than. a lay figure with occasional spurts of animation.- la the second comes Jthe breakfast scene and the t&te-a-t;&te; between John and Mrs. Sternhold. In the third is , the more exciting ieie a-tSte between John and" Captain Hawkesley. With it the characteristic merit of the piece ends. The last act runs into sensational melodrama, and John again becomes a lay figure, though with more animation than at first. Mr. Montgomery's rendering of the character is in accordance with this obvious interpretation. He showB his skill in proportiening his display to the varying requirements of the Eitoation. In the first scene he contentedly and stolidly, keeps him self in the background, where the dramatist has placed him. His assumed dulness and simplicity are so naturally portrayed that tliey would deceive any uninitiated audience, and their effect on the Potter household requires no stretch of imagination to conceive. In the morning, at the breakfast table, there is just a slight lifting of the mask for the edification of the strong-minded Aire. Sternhold. She .was too agitated at the tinT, and too greatly chagrined at the defeat of her immediate purpose, that she could not detect the coming changp, but the audifence could diBcem something of it. . When John Mildmay laid down the maxim that without authority there should be no responsibility, he gave the first glimpse of his double character. Its development in the interview with Captain Hawkesley was rapid, but .also gradual and sys tematic. Prom the moment of his entrance there was.a quiet determination displayed in his tone. During Hawkesley's algebraic demonstration of the galvanic principle, it became evident to all but Hawkesley that there was a new man behind the mask. Then the story of the forged bill, which so suddenly reversed , the'relations of, the_ two men to each' other.'- 'was" told" with admirable precision and -coolness.- Step by step theforger could see:the revelation comma yet he;sat fascinated under the eye of the narrator, whom lie had so recently beA treating as a greenhorn. John Mildmay is one of the finest instances of the cumulative power of dramatic skill. At no single moment and in no situation does he appear much more than a phlegmatic Lancashire man; yet when his. adventures are over, he leaves the impression that lie has had a large amount of (he.mast /SkOful i actingespeadeflluponhitnl'' .. .,.e 'j . -V.* ' The >»st was, with one exception, wellquaJified o.support the replication -of the house even'in presence of Mr. Montgomery.: It had iad the advantage of a previous attempt at the, same piece,, with Mr. Bellaic; for John Mildmay.i)n. that' occasion the praise elicited by Miss Juno's'Aire. Sternhold, ana Mr. Musgrave's Mr. Potter, was as ?warm as they could desire. We need only add that they earned it all over again- yesterday. - Mr. { Darrell superseded -Mr. Monro as - Captain Hawkesley, and played it on a very different model, though not ia every respect a better one. In the midnight . passage ?. with Mrs. Sternhold he found tile best opportunity of displaying a style which is just a touch too heavy 'for pure comedy. At the -lose of the piece Mr. Mont gomery had the invariable compliment of a call before the curtain. The farce of "Nan the Good for Nothing" filled up the programme. "WEDNESDAY. JULY 28. It is plain now that the sole cause of the dimi nished attendance on Tuesday night was the pre- - ference of enlightened Adelaide playgous for Shakspeare to Tom Taylor. On "Wednesday night Othello brought out the familiar crowd again, and the house was comfortably filled frem pit to gallery. No conceivable acting could ever make a great character of Othello, or at least give him a well-sustained greatness. Nearly all the dramatic intensity of it is concentrated in the third act, -when the poison of jealousy is fust poured into the ear of the hitherto doting Moor. 1'ill he reached this point, Mr. Mont-. gomery had not much of his best self to show to the audience. There was, of course, the " Most potent, grave, and reverend Seignors" in the Senate scene-a declamation which he delivered with none the less effect for its being so conventional. Those ?who were minutely curious as to the secret of Mr. Montgomery's success might discern characteristic marks of superiority in his make-up. He was a Moor, not simply in colour and in costume. He had penetrated into the ethnology of his rule, and had essayed to reproduce the very Rationality of Othello. The low forehead, the close set eyes, the thick lip?, and the expres sion of strong animal force in the lower face fixed the family type of the Moor. The manly bearing, the sharp decisive tone of command, the natural chivalry of manner, which he displayed alike toward man and woman, individualized the character. It was a composition of feature and language which embodied the general idea likely to be formed of Othelio from the two first acts of the play. In the third act the motive of the tragedy comes to the surface, and then Air. Montgomery had scope enough. Othello is on the stage through nearly the whoie act, and all the while he is under going the most complicated play of emotioD. The succcssive incidents and scenes have been arranged with magnificent skill as illustrations of the tragic principle which underlies them. Such an act as this proves the value of Shakspeare on the stage as compared with bliakspeare in the closet. The eye j which reads not merely to analyse, but to realize, sees far more in s>.ch illustrative incidents than the acutest commentator. First, the Moor is shown in the full confidence of his love fondling Desdemona. Yet all the elements of the vile con spiracy which is about to follow are present at that scene. Iago stands in the foreground scowling-or at least he ought to have done Emilia shrinks submissively into the rear, alternately eying her husband and her mis tress. Desdemona makes her intercesion for Cassio, who has just quitted the room. Othello relents under her winning persistence, and dis misses her with the assurance of a kindly action. The ecstacy and passion of the Moor reach their climax when, as she disappears, he exclaims " Excellent wretch! Perdition catch my soul, But I do love the! and when I love thee not, Chaos is come again." Iago and Othello remain upon the stage, and the Ancient prepares to distil his poison. This is the second illustration of the series which is soon to end in the fatal bedchamber. The Ancient gives a preliminary shake to the simple faith of his victim by mysterious questions about the dis graced lieutenant, Cassio. He roused a minor suspicion before he ventured to let loose the fury which was to work out hia purpose. Othello was irritated by the air of my6terv, and then pained by the insinuations against one who had sd recently been his dearest friend. Mr. Montgomery ex hibited admirable moderation in portraying these minor emotions. As many actors might have done, he did not rave away the force of his passion until the proper occasion came for it. Iago having only broached, as it were, his plans against Desdemona, made a feint of retreating. But still be lingered until, as he had calculated, the burning impetuosity of the Moor forced out all the reEt of the pretended disclosure. Illustration I third had full-blown jealousy for iis subject. Mr. Montgomsry visualized every phase of the ap proaching cbaos in Othello's mind. He marked every reaction, every fluctuation in the tempest of conflicting thoughts. One moment the sus picion was repudiated; the next the offence was taken for granted, and palliated; tben, with an impatient gesture, the Moor would hare swept love and jealousy alike from his souL In the last illustration he stood beside Desdemona, and sought for the decisive evidence in her self. When she spoke of her love for him he became the old Othello; when she pressed Cassio's suit he c.v-t her from him, and her fate was sealed. The subsequent advice of Cassio's appointment as bis successor clenched his determination. This progressive series of, contrast in the third act-each a drama in itself- is the essence of the tragedy. Few imaginations could distinctly realize them by mere study. As represented on the stage by Mr. Montgomery they not only exhibit much exquisite acting, but they reveal the inner structure of the play. It is only while he is under the transformation process that Othelio is highly dramatic, and this was the necessary limit of Mr. Montgomery's success. The third act and part of the fourth were excellent; the rest had very little significance. The character of Iago is so peculiar a study that, unless it a .tually comes within an actor's ppeclal line he cannot excel in it unless his versatility is something out of the common. Now Mr. Bellair's best friends could scarcely claim for him the merit of extraordinary versatility. It is a struggle with him, even when playing in congenial parts, to sink his own individuality sufficiently to induce the audience to think not of Bullair, buf, of the man he impersonates.. How muchmore difficult is it when he has to cope with the peculiar disadvantage of natural inaptitude fur the part assigned to him in the play. He might with a little trouble achieve success as a thoroughpaced undisguised villain, but he could hardly hope to do it as the insinuating, deceitful, malignant Iago. He was not long in satisfying his hearers that his idea of the Ancient was a confused one. At times he even descended to ranting: at other times, as if puzzled what to do, he took his cue from Othello, whispered when in his gasping horror at the very suggestion of Desdemona's infidelity he whisps ed, and answered boisterously the Moor's boisterous demand for something more substantial than vague conjecture. Some of the best passages were well rendered, but the action was defective. The grim smile to which he treated himself when he saw his insidiously administered poison work in the heart of the too ingenuous Othello was rather a smile of satisfaction than a gleam of malicious pleasure. The highest compliment that can be paid him is that he succeeded better than was expected. Of Miss Juno's Desdemona it is impos sible to speak otherwise than approvingly. The only weakness was in the occasional excess of feminine dolour. In every other respect she proved herself complete mistress of the rule of the fond and doting wife. The rest of the principal characters were distributed as follows --Emilia, Airs Stone ham (who gave several extravagantly tragic exhi bitions of indignation); Cassio, Mr. JVtunro (who, as usual, frequently gave the impression that he was not well up in the text); Koderigo, Sir. Hill (who decidedly burlesqued the character of the imnressible Italiar'V 'lne piece was well mounted, and the mechanical ,art satisfactorily attended to. 