PRESENTATIONS TO THE RIGHT REV. ! DR. MURPHY THE ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF HOBART TOWN. The announced departure of the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Roman Catholic Bishop of Hobart Town, for Rome, to take part in the (Ecumenical Council, to be held in that city in December next, induced the clergy of the diocese to prepare an address to his Lordship, and also to arrange for the presentation of a more substantial testimonial. The laity, also, at a public meeting. which was recently held, elected to do the same, and it was decided that the presentations of the clergy and the laity should be made on the same evening. Last night was fixed upon for the ceremony, and it duly took place in St. Mary's Cathedral. There was a very large attendance on the occasion, not only of those belonging to the persuasion of which the right rev. gentleman is the head in the colony, but of others who admire him as a true gentleman, and as one whose efforts in the cause of religion and charity are befitting his I exalted position. There could not have been less than five hundred people in the church at the time the proceedings commenced, which was about half-past seven o'clock, when the Bishop entered the sanctuary. The right reverend gentleman was dressed in his official robes, and was attended by the Very Reverend W. J. Dunne, Vicar- General, the Rev. E. C. Marum (Brighton), the Rev. C. Woods (St. Joseph's), the Rev. J. Murphy (Franklin), the Rev. J. Sheehy (Cathedral), the Rev. M. J. Beechinor (Campbell Town), the Rev. P. Hennebry (St. Joseph's), the Rev. D. F. X. Beechinor Cathedral the Rev. T. Kelsh (Port Cygnet and the Rev. W. R. Fitzgerald (New Norfolk The altar was beautifully, decorated and brilliantly lighted, and the proceedings were opened by The Revd. J. Sheehy, who announced from the pulpit the object of the gathering, stating that they had met there to present addresses to his Lordship the Bishop, previous to his departure for Rome to attend the Ecumenical Council. The revd. gentleman said that the Bishop was to receive an address from the clergy, to which he would reply, and that afterwards he was to be presented with an address by the laity to which he would also reply. After those re- plies his Lordship would give the pontifical benediction, and would subsequently pronounce in part his last blessing, are proceeding to Rome to meet His Holiness. The Very Rev. W. J. Dunne, then said that he was deputed to present an address to his Lord- ship from the clergy of the diocese, and he read the address as follows : To the Right Rev. Daniel Murphy, D.D., Bishop of Hobart Town. My Lord, -We, the clergy of the Diocese of Hobart Town, beg to approach your Lordship with the expression of our unfeigned regret that even such important and exceptional circumstances, as those which demand your Lordship's presence at the forthcoming Council of the Vatican sbould necessitate the absence, though only for a time, from our midst, of one who, during the period of his Episcopal rule over us, has so endeared himself to us all, and has over treated us with the affections of a tender father and most indulgent Superior. And yet, in view of the object of your Lordship's journey, forgetful of all private regrets, it is with sentiments of pride that we feel called upon to congratulate your Lordship on your approaching departure for Rome, to attend, in obedience to the call of the Sovereign Pontiff, the Ecumenical Council, which has been summoned to assemble in St. Peter's, on the 8th December next, the Feast of the Immaculate Conception of our Blessed Lady. It is a source of equal pride and pleasure to us that the Catholic Church in Tasmania is to be represented at a Council, which, from the number of Bishops expected to be present, and the religious, social, and political bearing of the decree to be passed thereat, promises to surpass in magnitude, and eclipse in splendour, any of the General Councils hitherto held in the Church. At a time when indifferentism and infidelity arc extending their evil influence more widely from year to year, and sapping the very foundations of Christian faith and morals, we feel confident that by the convocation of this Council greater unity will be ce m o ii ted among Christian nations and peoples ; stronger efforts will be directed against heathenism and infidelity, and more convincing arguments supplied for the bringing together of all Christian denominations into the " one fold under the one Shepherd." In bidding your Lordship farewell on your long journey, we are consoled by the thought that your separation from us will be only for a short period, and that ere long we shall have the happiness of congratulating you on your return in renewed health and strength to your diocese to continue your zealous labours for the spiritual welfare of your stock and your anxious interest for the religious education, especially of its poorest members-au enduring monument of which is that noble edifice, which owns its existence to the thoughtful care and self-sacrificing zeal of your Lordship. Permit us the privilege of presenting your Lordship with the accompanying sum of £110 loss., which will, we hope, serve to defray a part, at least, of the heavy expenses which will necessarily be entailed upon you by your journey and your sojourn in Rome and whilst we assure your Lordship that we shall continue to labour with our utmost zeal during your absence for the souls committed to our charge, we beg your Lordship's blessing upon our labours, and a remembrance of us in your daily prayers. After having read the address and handed it to His Lordship, the very rev. gentleman presented a purse containing £183 9s. 3d., of which amount £110 15s. was subscribed by the clergy, and £72 14s. 3d. by the laity. The latter amount was collected as follows Franklin, per Rev. J. Murphy, £4 13s. ; Launceston, per Rev. Dr. Butler, £22 15t. 3.1. ; Westbury, per Rev. James Hogan, £0 17s. ; Port Cygnet, par Rev. T. Kelsh, £4; Campbell Town, per Rev. M. J. Beechinor, £20 Cs. ; Richmond, per the Rev. F. McKernan, £2 3s, 6d. ; Brighton, per the Rev E. C. Marum, £7 10s. ; New Norfolk, per the Rev. W. R. Fitzgerald, £4 15s. In reply to the address, The Bishop said Very Revd. and doargontlo more thank you with all my heart for the more than kind expression of feeling in my behalf conveyed to me in the address which you have presented tone on the occasion of my departure for Rome, to be present at the Ecumenical Council, which is to be opened in that city on the 8th of the coming December - the day sacred to the Immaculate Conception of the over blessed Mother of God. To assist as the representative of of this Diocese at that solemn event; to be a witness of the sublime grandeur of the spectacle that will on that occasion present itself before the admiring eyes of the delegates of Christendom to meet face to face with the illustrious Head of the Church, Pius the Great to commune in daily intercourse and Council with those rulers from every part of the globe whom the Holy Ghost has placed over His Church, and to be called upon to unite with them in devising measures calculated to suppress the fatal errors of the day, and so to advance God's glory on the earth, and the good of souls, is indeed an honour and a privilege granted but to few. And still, though I must necessarily regard it as such, I must in all sincerity assure you that it is with no small in Hiiiuuriby assure you unit n is with no small degree of reluctance that I feel myself called upon to separate myself in obedience to the summons of our Holy Father, though only, as I trust, for a short period, from you and my beloved flock. Though, as yet, I cannot boast of having passed many years in your midst, still the time it has been my happiness to spend amongst you has been sufficiently long to enable me to judge of and appreciate the disinterested zeal, the meritorious labours, the edifying doport meet, the ecclesiastical spirit, and the generous dispositions which distinguish the clergy of this Diocese, as well as to create and foster those feelings of mutual respect and affection which it has over been my aim and ambition to see existing amongst us. AuyofTortsImayhithortohavemado to advance the spiritual welfare of the flock entrusted to me, and to promote a sound Catholic education, without which religion can neither be sustained nor propagated, will receive a fresh stimulus from your kind unknow lodgment and earnest appreciations of them. The generous offering you make me towards defraying in part the expenses of my journey and my sojourn in Rome, I gratefully acknowledge as one more of those many acts of kindness which I have received at your hands, Whilst thanking you for your prayers that I may have a prosperous voyage and safe return, and whilst feeling consoled by the knowledge that during my absence you will continue your zealous labours for the salvation of souls, under the direction of the Very Rev. the Vicar- General, to whose care and able management I, with all oouGdouoo in his zeal and prudence, entrust the affairs of the Diocese during my absence I shall not fail to offer daily my for your prayers for you, and when near the Holy Father to entreat for each of you, and thefts entrusted to your care, his Apostolic BleS froAntTALra¿rn *" ?*--*..* Mr. Stephen Sheehy addressing his armies said that the Catholic fraternity of Robe : T h yielded to none other in loyalty,devonlne*.!! respect to the Pontiff's authority, "d. tax knowing his lordship was about leaving them the command of His Holiness to attend % and Council of the Church, it had been L" mined in public meeting assembled, to see! his lordship with an address and a vestige] It therefore became his duty as chairman of the meeting to present the address, and express wish that his lordship would have a safe seats and prosperous voyage, and that he would S in full health and vigor to his loving conn gation. Mr. Sheehy then read the following address and presented it to the Bishop: - My Lord The illustrious Bossuet has m s God has done a work in the midst of us off putting aside every other reason, existió».Mi' by Himself, fills both time and passed braces the whole earth by the powers of Hi hand, by the stamp of Bia authority it is" Christ and His Church a ' "lsJesu The representative of Jesus Christ upon earth and the Supreme Head of HisUnivorsalChurd/ has seen fit to call together the glorious his archy of the Church ; the Pontiff has spoken the world, and that one voice, in the midst of these eventful times, commands Bishops from all nations, to meet in solemn conclave The ordeal which the Church and the world are at present undergoing, has no doubt in gated the calling together of this Conned Dangers to the faith and souls of men are threatening ; infidelity, and indifferentism are being widely and industriously disseminated creating a contempt for God, and a hatred of all authority. As loyal members of our Holy Church in toil diocese we cheerfully recognise, and submit our selves to the necessity the duty' which tore time, takes your Lordship from amongst its and we bid you God speed, as one of those called to represent the faithful at the great Counciloflhe Vatican. It is one of the greatest of all press. lodges, and we assure your Lordship that it is with no ordinary feelings of pride, that we congratulate ourselves on the fact that me are to be represented at such a magnificent assembled the grandest gathering of Ecclesiastical DE series which the world has ever witnessed. ° We wish you then my lord a safe, happy and prosperous voyage, and we beg Almighty God to watch over you, to enlighten and direct you in the part you are about to take in this Council of the Church and when the great and noble mission, which is now about to separate you from us, is ended-may you be permitted with renewed health and vigour, to return to promote and encourage the interests of our Holy Men in this colony. We bid you farewell, and earnestly implore your charitable prayers for us, and for You churches. As a sincere, though humble tribute of respect for your Lordship, and the authority which calls you hence, we beg you will allow us termite 7, with our beloved pastors in their efforts towards. your Lordship on this occasion. For this purpose we respectfully request your Lordship! acceptance of the accompanying purse of sore reigns. Mr. Sheehy then said My Lord. this address is signed by myself, as chairman of the public men to 11 g, and others on behalf of the Catholic laity, and I have with it to present to you a purse of sovereigns. The purse contained a sum of SHA 123, which had been collected in Hobart Town. There is other amounts to come in that have been sub. scribed in the country districts. The Bishop in reply said My Dear Friends, - The Address which you have been so good as to present to me, and for which I cordially thank you -not only gives expression to sentiments) that are eminently suitable to the occasion, but reflects the highest credit on your Catholic spirit and feelings as devoted children of the Church. The " one voiceless you have happily expressed it, the voice of Pius the Great, tie representative of Jesus Christ here below, he " gone forth to the ends of the earth ; " and he summoned all the constituted guardians of Faith and Morality in the world, to the grand centre of Unity others to devise with him in voting Council such measures as may prove effectual in eradicating those fatal errors of indifferentism and infidelity, with which Europe and the world are becoming daily more and more infected and which like a loathsome cancer are eat- ing into the very vitals of Modern Society, To compass this great end, and, at the same time, by their united counsels to further this happy consummation which onrDivinoRedeemer yearned for, when He prayed that all might be one, even as He and His Father are once and thus hasten the day when all ladies sities and errors being destroyed, the Church may, serve God with undisturbed liberty," and when there shall at length be buttons fold and one shepherd," the Bishops of the Church, from the most distant regions of the globe, as well from the countries nearer to the Eternal City, are at this moment wending their way to Rome. The occasion which will assemble us together is, indeed, a grand one and, as a member, though unworthy, of the Hierarchy, it will be my honour and privilege to attend the forthcoming Ociimoiiical Synod, and, as the Chief Pastor of this Diocese, take part in its delibera- tions. The heavy expenses which obedience to the summons of the Holy See will entail upon me, will, to some (degree, be lightened by the generosity of yourselves and of the Catholics of Tasmania generally - a generosity which, I need hardly add, I most gratefully appreciate. That, in common with all previous <&>? monical Councils, the General Council of the Vatican, whilst enacting decrees which cannot but prove of paramount interest to M ligion and Society throughout the world, will be fully competent to achieve the great work' before it, there can be no grounds for doubting:. For, representing as they will the United Church, the Fathers in Council assembled till enjoy the special assistance of the Divine Power! and whilst deliberating and resolving on 104 measures as may be deemed best calculated to advance the Glory of God and the salvation of souls, will be guided by the light of the Holy Spirit. And, secondly, unlike human liiititotons, the Church there assembled in tliopersonBofttioa« whom " the Holy Ghost hath placed Bishops to rule the Church of God," will, in virtue of the infallible promise made by her Divine Founder that the gates of hell shall not prevailing horse protected from all danger of Mulgoa effort thank you sincurelyforyourgoodwiäheHM prayers, that the Almighty may grant mess and prosperous journey and when enjoys the privilege of a private audience in litten 7 Father shall not fail to inform His Holiness was veneration and love you entertain for Hw»*T Person and Office, and to beg His April" blessing on yourselves and families, on MBE pray God to shower down his choicest benedict turns and favours. Farewell The pontifical benediction was then given the usual coniiuouKM, the choir of M. JOHN Church executing the music, and in process the Bishop and clergy left the Cathedral. This concluded the proceedings, and the congregation dispersed. The Wax Works ExhibitiON. THE a collection of works of imitative is safe to us, with life-like effect, the features oW illustrious persons known as m,tX,\h* social life and many of another *" distinction has been simply to «»%¿& of mime-was well patronised lastcveau» , musical performances of the F! 2 p the Draeger Toope woe What, gave every satisfaction to a ÄP assembled. The exhibition ml sales, to-day, and reserving to ouw.li*J»¿ft tunity of giving a more «l^Wj^ifc it, we can commend it as very deserving public patronage. Mr.""" WeremW 1 BRinOEWATHuPLOUOIlINOAlAIC. .--ww our readers that the Ploughing Match races water comes off to play. For the. AJC milk, persons in town, the Monaro '8'ÄynW a pleasure excursion, leaving the I'r<»>1>llu at two, and Bridgewater at five. North . St. George's Parochial As ocution evening the usual entertainment will scarf the school-room, Battery Point, wish to music and miscellaneous goading. a Memorial to Sik v Plew toward a" list of subscriptions to this "Wibatioi . our advertising column;. AhojouKji» h to the two forms of monal, as a,". £288 12s., and will still, doublions, siderably increased. feast. Colonial stall-fed Beef-Some If so ably fine stall-fed beef, from a » be a Crocker, Sorell, is on »^JP^Lm Street of Mr. Johnson Sharp and Mr. T"»"3» j Liverpool-street. j ! 