* LITERATURE. RATHER AN ADVENTURE. " Fou heaven's sake, take me over ! " So cried a pale panting man to William Egerton, who was sculling easily down tbe reedy river Cam. Egerton looked up in the direction of the cry, and saw a sight which gave him a shock, and made him "hold up " his boat immediately. The man who had called out so piteously clambered down the bank to the very edge of the water, where he stood with blood pouring from his nose, his face like that of a ghost, his dress disordered, his neckerchief awry, his hat pressed tightly over his head, his long hair hanging aboutlikeabundleof Bnakes, and his hands clasped imploringly before him as he repeated his cry " For heaven's sake, sir, take me over ! Do, for heaven's sake, put me across !" Why can't you go over the ferry?" asked Egerton discontentedly. "This isn't a ferry boat." "For heaven's sake, put me across!" repeated the man, stretching out his hands as if to catch Egerton's boat. *'Do put me across-the devils are after me !" "What devils ? " asked Egerton. " The bailiffs-the bailiffs ! Oh, put me across ! " "I doubt whether my boat will hold both of us, " grumbled Egerton. " Here, catch the end of my scull, and pull the boat in. Gently, gently or you'll capsize me." For the man had eagerly seized the scull, and very nearly upset the boat, which, though it was not canvas-covered, and though it was called at Cambridge a tub, was in reality a very light skiff, such as many a mother would think it dangerous for her darling eon to trust himself in alone. However, the miserable man was able, and apparently delighted, to get into even so frail a craft. Egerton pushed off very carefully, and just as he had dipped his sculls for the first stroke, he heard a hoarse, dull, confused roaring in the distance, and the wretched passenger cried : "Quicker-quicker; they're a-coming; can't ye hear'em?" Egerton was on the point of making an angry rejoinder, for he didn't at all like the man's tone ; but young men of twenty sympathise with those who are escaping from the bailiffs, and he merely replied coolly : " All right, my friend ; as soon as Iget settled to my work, I'll take you across like a shot. I don't know whether you care about your trousers and things, but the blood from your nose is dropping all over them." The man only shook his head carelessly, and kept his eyes fixed on the opposite bank. Egerton gaye way with a will, and as he had to steer for himself, he was obliged occasionally to turn his head to see where he was going. Once as he faced about again, and looked towards his passenger, he saw the latter watching a number of circles in the water astern of the boat. As the passenger twisted his head back to its former position the boal gave a lurch, and Egerton said angrily ; " You'd better sit still, m j friend ; what the deuce were you looking at ?" "Nothing." "You were looking at something, I'm sure, for I saw the circles in the water myself ; I suppose a fish jumped. " " Yes, that were it master, " said the passenger, dreamily ; " a fish jumped-I set it. " By this time they had reached the opposite bank, for th< Cam is a narrow river ; and the man, having got ashore, ran ur. the steep path which led down to the river as fast as his legi would carry him, without speaking a word or looking behinc him. " Well, " thought Egerton, as he pulled away, " he migh have said 'Thank'ee' at anyrate ; but I suppose he is in too grea a funk to be civil. " As he rowed along leisurely towards tb favourite inn on the river's bank, he heard the voices of thi pursuers getting plainer and plainer as they came néarer ant nearer, and it sounded as if they were shouting " Murder murder !" He laughed as he thought of the dodge the bailiff must have used to get a crowd to assist them in the pursuit of i poor runaway, whose only crime was probably shortness of work which was necessarily followed by arrears of rent; and h chuckled as he thought of the start he must have helped th fugitive to get ; for the bridge was half a mile off, and theneares ferry was close at hand certainly, but had nobody in attendance as the young gentlemen at college, who were the cheif patron of the ferries, were nearly all of them away for the long vacation Egerton was one of the few still left at Cambridge, where h was supposed to be reading for his next examination. He coul now distinctly hear voices calling upon him to stop, but he onl quickened his stroke, and knew he should be at The Ploug almost as soon as any of them could get across to the towing-path which was on the other side of the river, and which was by far th nearest way for foot-passengers. At the inn he would undoubl edly find other boats like his own, who should say in which th fugitive debtor had been hslped across the river ? Besides th bailiff} couldn't do anything-beyond abusing him, if they care or dared to abuse him-even if they knew to whom they owe the spoiling of the chase. So he " spurted " cheerfully down t The Plough, but put his boat amongst several others like his owi and sauntertd into the smoking- room, where he was soon er gaged in a game of bagatelle with one of the many young genth men who were there, and who were supposed, as he was, to t spending their vacation at the University for the purpose < studying ancient languages or mathematics. He was not ha through his first game when there was heard from the towirij path a tremendous shouting, and a hoarse cry of " Boat ! boat ! He rushed out with the rest, and stood on the lawn whilst aboi went across to the towing-path and brought over about a doze persons, among whom there were two men who evidently wei in authority, for they ordered the rest about in a high and might manner, and one of the two, turning to the lad in charge of tl moored skiffs, asked with the air of one who had a right to asl* *' Which of these boats came in last, pray ? " The boat-keepi without hesitation pointed to Egerton's. " And which of yo young gentlemen, " continued the questioner, " rowed down i this boat ? " He was answered by a careless laugh from the km of young'men in flannel garments and straw hats, and by scornf inquiry /"What the dickens has it to do with you ?" The tv men who assumed so much authority consulted together in whisper, carefully examined Egerton's boat, and then one them having apparently taken the measure of the young oarsmen, said civilly : Vlf you young gentlemen will come with, us into a private room, I think lean make it plain to you what the dickens it has to do with us. " The young oarsmen interchanged looks of inquiry ; and when Egerton exclaimed : " Oh ! come along ; let us hear what they have to say, " a general move was made to-, wards the inn ; and the two men in authority and the young oarsmen locked themselves in a private room, everybody else being left outside. One of the two men immediately opened the proceedings by saying in a severe tone of voice : This is a very serious business, gentlemen. I hold a warrant for the apprehension of a man, and here is the warrant. We tracked the man ; found out the house where he was, and we had almost reached his hiding-place, when somehow or other he got wind of it, and bolted towards the river. He had a goodish start of us, though he did come down a cropper (and hurt himself,. I should say) jumping a low wall; but we kept him in sight all across the common, and we saw him landed on the other side of the river by somebody in one of these skiffs you young gentle- men use, and dressed, as far as we could see, exactly as you are dressed. If it was one cf you, we depend on you to tell us which it was. " There was a short silence, and then one of the young oarsmen asked : " What had the man been doing ?" " He is suspected, " answered the officer solemnly, " of doing murder." There was a start and exclamation of horror amongst the young oarsmen, and all eyes were turned expectantly towards Egerton, who, pale as a sheet, and horror-stricken at the notion of having aided a murderer, could scarcely find voice enough to say : " / put him across : he said the bailiffs were after him. " " I daresay he did, " remarked the officer drily ; " and now you have thrown us off the scent. I suppose you didn't see which way he went ?" " I couldn't, " answered Egerton disconsolately ; " he was hidden directly by the wood ; and when he got to the top of the cart-lane, there were five toads for him to choose from. " " Exactly, " rejoined the officer bitterly. " I knew that : and the people were knocked up, and my mate and I couldn't go all five ways. You've made a pretty mess, young gentleman. " "Is there nothing I can do?" asked Egerton anxiously. "Should you know the man again?" inquired the officer. "Anywhere and in any disguise, I think," answered Egerton, "for I watched him carefully all the time I sat opposite to him, and I noticed amongst other things that he had lost two front teeth, and that he had ari anchor tattooed on his wrist. " " Did he throw anything into the river ?" asked the officer. Egerton started, as a sudden recollection flashed across him, and he replied : " I didn't see him drop anything in the river, but I remember well that he nearly capsized the boat by suddenly turning round and back again, and that afterwards I saw several circles in the water, as if a fish had jumped, or something had dropped in the river. He said a fish had jumped, but your question makes me think it was not so. " " Could you point out the spot ?" inquired the officer. "Yes,."answered Egerton, "within a yard orso," " And now, sir, " continued the officer, "I must ask for your name and address. " Both were readily given and taken down. The two officers then muttering discontentedly that they had " lost time enough already," prepared to depart. Egerton went part of the way with them, and by earnest entreaty obtained from the principal, Sergeant Gumps, a promise that they would let him know from time to time how they succeeded in their search. The river was dragged, under proper superintendence, at the spot indicated by Egerton, and amongst many strange articles fished up, there was a life- preserver, which was taken possession of by the authorities. Egerton grew so restless and sleepless with thinking of what he had done, that when a week had elapsed, during which he had received no satisfactory intelligence, he determined to set out for Y-, from which seaport Sergeant Gumps had dated his last letter. He went to the lodgings of the sergeant, who was evidently very pleased to see him. "How are you, Mr. Egerton?" exclaimed the sergeant cheerfully ; .« I am delighted to see you, sir ; you've come in the nick of time. I was just going to write to you, to ask if you could make it convenient to come over here. There's news to tell you, sir. " " Well, " said Egerton, " come over to my hotel in half-an-hour and dine with me, and then you can tell me all about it. I'm staying at the Albion. " " I'll be there, sir, without fail, "/said the sergeant. He was as good as his word ; and when the meals of the Albion had been removed, and the wines of the Albion were sparkling on the table between him and Egerton, he unfolded his tale and emptied his glass at his leisure. " I'll begin at the beginning, sir, " he said. " Of course you recollect that about a month ago there was a story in the papers about a man that kept a pike in Suffolk. The man had living with him, his wife, and his wife's mother, an old woman over seventy. One evening, the man and his wife went out to a merry-making some miles off, leaving the old woman to take the pike-money and open, the gate, and all that. They'd done the same thing often enough before, and no harm came of it, as most of the people that went backwards and forwards on that road were friendly with the pike-keeper, and his wife and her mother ; and many of the foot-passengers used to go into the toll-house, and sit a bit, and have a talk. Amongst these was a tramp called Jack Andrews. Nobody knew any harm of him : he wasa handy chap, and was always tramping about the country doing odd jobs here and there. Well, the very evening the pike-man and his wife went out to the merry-making, Andrews happened to go into the toll-house, and heard them talking about it, and saying they shouldn't be home very likely before morning. Well, they didn't get home until one in the morning, and when they got home they found the door of the toll-house open, and when they went in they saw the poor old woman dead on the ground, with her skull beaten in ; and the money that was ready for the collector, who was expected to call the next day, was gone. It was a tidy sum, and all in coin. There was an inquest, of course ; and it came out in evidence that Jack Andrews had known about the money and where it was put ; and a stranger, who drove through the toll-gate between twelve at night and one, when there was generally little or no traffic on that road, said the gate was opened to him by a man, who, by the description, must have been Jack Andrews, though he ought by that time to have been a good six hour's tramp away from the place. The verdict was an open one ; you know what that is, sir : ' Murder against some person or persons unknown. ' However, I got a warrant for the apprehension of Jack Andrews. I never saw him, and I don't know anything more of him byjäight than the glimpse I got as we chevied (for I've no doubt, from my information, it was him) the other day, when you came and spoiled the business (excuse me sir) with your boat. From inquiries we have made, we've every reason to believe the man you took over in your boat is now in this town, and think he is going to sail the day after to-morrow for Australia. But / think we shall spoil his little game. If you can swear he is the man you put across the river, / can swear the man you put across is the man we chased ; and I have evidence to prove that the man we chased is Jack Andrews. Whether he committed the murder or not, is another question. The man I speak of goes every night to a public house in this town ; I keep it well watched, and I've sufficient force at hand for all emergencies. If you've no ] objection, we'll go to-night, where you can see him without being seen yourself, and I can then decide what is to be done. " " I'll go at once, if you like, " cried Egerton, springing up excitedly. " It ain't time yet sir, " said the- officer, looking coolly at his watch ; "it isn't nine o'clock yet and our man seldom goe to the public before ten, and never leaves until it closes. " So coffee and cigars were enjoyed; and afterwards, Egerton and the officer sauntered to the Angler. A nod of understanding was exchanged between the officer and the barmaid, and Egerton and the former were admitted within the bar, from which, through a little circular window, they could command a full view of the tap-room and its occupants.. The officer arranged matters so that he and Egerton could, by* changing places, see every part of the tap-room without being themselves seen ; and he cautioned Egerton, simply to watch and observe, and not to make any remark about what he saw. He himself narrowly scanned his companion's behaviour, and smiled grimly when he once saw him half-rise from his chair, open his mouth, and point with his finger, and then sink down again, and shake his head as if he had made a mistake. This was enough for Sergeant Gumps, who proposed just one more glass of grog and departure. Egerton agreed, and as he sipped his grog, looked ever and anon in a certain direction. At last he sprang up, with a cry upon his lips ; but the other pulled him down, and made signals for silence. After a few compliments to the barmaid, Sergeant Gumps (who had, of course, been all this time in plain clothes,) ' suggested that it was time to go. Egerton assented ; and as the two strolled towards Egerton's hotel, the sergeant and he were full of question and answer. " Well, sir, " said the sergeant, " did you see any thing or anybody in particular?" "Well," answered Egerton, " I saw an awful lot of ruffians, and the worst to look at was a brute with a knobby stick in his hand, and a patch over his eye. " " Ha, ha ! " laughed the sergeant; " that was one of my mates. He does make up beautiful ; he's been taken on suspicion himself. " "I don't wonder at it," growled Egerton ; "butl didn't see the man we were looking for. " " Are you sure ?" asked the sergeant slily. " What made you jump up, and nearly cry out, eh ?" " Because I fancied I did see him, " answered Egerton; "but, though I thought I could swear to the man's general expression, it couldn't have been he." " Why not," inquired the sergeant ; " I rather be- lieve in general expressions myself." " Why the man I rowed over the river was a white-faced man, whereas this was brown as-." " A great deal can be done with walnut- juice," in- terrupted the sergeant quietly. " The man I rowed over the river, "said Egerton, " had long snake-like hair, whereas this man's hair was"- " There are plenty of barbers," interrupted the sergeant again, " who can cut and dye, and do all sorts of things to the hair." " The man I rowed over the river, " con- tinued Egerton angrily, " had lost two front teeth, and had an anchor tattooed on his left wrist, whereas this had all his front teeth to show, and "- " A great piece of sticking-plaister on his left wrist, " once more interrupted the sergeant ; " you didn't see that, Mr. Egerton, did you ?-I did sir ; and let me tell you, I have heard of a dentist in this town who lately put in two front teeth for a common-looking man." " I was going to say I couldn't get a good look athis left wrist," said Egerton pettishly, but you interrupted me." " I beg your pardon, sir, " rejoined the sergeant. "Then you think," said Egerton snappishly, " the man I was so much struck with was the man ? " " Oh, I don't think anything at all aboutit, sir," said the sergeant ; " all I want to know is,whether you saw anybody you could swear to as being, or being very like, the man you rowed over the Cam. " Egerton was silent for a moment or two, and then he said, " It would be a frightful thing to take the wrong man." " Certainly," assented the sergeant. " And to-morrow is the last chance;" asked Egerton with vexation. "You heard him say yourself, sir," answered the sergeant in a tone of remonstrance, " that he would give his farewell supper to his mates to-morrow night, and start the next morning for Australia. " Egerton reflected a little, and then said in a determined voice, " Look here, Sergeant Gumps ; I will go into the Angler to-morrow night, and into the tap-room at the time this man gives his supper, and I warrant I'll find out whether he is or is not the man I rowed across the Cam. What do you say to that !" "It will be a dangerous job, sir, " answered the sergeant quietly; "it's a desperate set of villains he is going to stand supper to : but he has invited my mate, who, of course, will be on your side, and I shall be in the bar, and there'll be several more of us within hail ; so I think, if you don't mind walking into the tap-room when supper's over, and grog is on, you might make things tolerably certain. If it is the man I think, he'll know you, and shew it, whether you can recognise him or not." "Very well, I'll be there at ten o'clock," said Egerton ; " and you may depend upon it I'll find out whether it is our man or not." The next night, at a little before ten, Egerton walked in to the tap-room at the Angler. The man he wanted to see was there, ladling out punch to five as ugly-looking ruffians (including the police officer) as Egerton had ever seen. There were two or three other cus* tomers scattered singly about the room. As Egerton, who had put on his boating-clothes, not only as being best suited to the place he intended to visit, but also as being most likely to lead to his early recognition by the man he had rowed over the Cam, entered the room, he heard one of the punch- drinkers say, " Friends, a toast. I ain't much of a chap to jaw, so I'll give it short and sweet-' Luck to Bob Jeffreys, the giver o' the feast, and may he have a good time in Australia.' " The toast was duly honoured ; and as the man called Bob Jeffreys prepared to re- turn thanks, and looked about him in search of ideas, he caught Egerton's eye, dropped his lower jaw, and stared with all his might, " How are you ?" said Egerton, nodding in a friendly way; "I think I've seen you somewhere before." "Servant, sir, " growled Bob Jeffreys, " though I can't say as/know you," " P'raps the gen'lman'll jine us, if he's a friend o' yourn, Bob, " said one of the ruffians, making room. Egerton advanced to the table with alacrity, and the police-officer with the knobby stick managed to interpose himself between Jeffreys and Egerton ; at the same time two of the men scattered singly about the room moved so as to be between the punch-drinkers and the door. " I'm sure you must recollect me, " said Egerton blandly ; " didn't I put you across the Cam in my boat?" Bob Jeffreys looked as black as thunder ; he replied :-" I don't know nothing about no Cam, nor no boats, nor nothing o' the kind. If you'll take a glass o' punch, you're welcome ; but you ain't the gen'lman I took you for." " Then I must be mistaken, " said Egerton resignedly. "Yes, you are," growled Bob Jeffreys. "And, being mistaken," continued Egerton, " I think that instead of drinking your punch I ought to stand a bowl." All the ruffians swore a frightful oath that Egerton spoke like a gentleman, and even Bob Jeffreys smiled grimly as he said, " You couldn't say no fairer, young gen'lman ; take a glass o' this with us, and then you shall stand the next bowl." So Bob Jeffreys returned thanks in abrief speech for the toast that had been proposed, and a second bowl of punch was soon produced at Egerton's exppn8e. As they were drinking it Egerton suddenly asked Jeffreys, " What's the matter with your wrist ?" " What the devil is that to you ?" was the fierce rejoinder. " Oh, nothing, " answered Egerton quietly ; ""but I don't see why you should take offence." " No offence, sir, no offence," returned Jeffreys, softening down ; " but I get riled at everybody's asking me the same thing ; it's a little bit of a wound I got ; it isn't much." And he concealed his left hand under the table. " Perhaps you are not aware that the plaister is working off," remarked Egerton ; " I suppose the wound is nearly healed ?" Jeffreys looked at his wrist, glanced suspiciously at Egerton, and then re-arranged the plaister, which had been worked up by his shirt-sleeve, until the sharp eye'could see the curved part of an anchor. "Yes," he growled in some cdhfusion; "it's very near well." Egerton now said it was time for him to go, nodded to the party, and with a general " good-night," sauntered out. In the bar he found Sergeant Gumps, to whom he whispered " I can swear to the man ; he has two false front teeth, and there is the,anchor on his left wrist. Besides, I've heard his voice» and watched his face, andi can't make any mistake." Sergeant Gumps smiled, and whispering-" Follow me," walked into the tap-room, the door of which was immediately leaned against by the two men who had been sitting close by it. As soon as Bob Jeffreys saw Egerton return with Sergeant Gumps, he seemed to have some misgiving ; and when the latter walked up and said-" I'm a police- sergeant, and I want you," Jeffreys attempted to leap over the table, but was dragged down by the man with the knobby stick. "You're another of'em I suppose," he muttered, seeing how matters stood ; " come, lend a hand here, mates." His mates were preparing for a rescue, when Sergeant Gumps remarked calmly-" It's a charge of murder ; " whereupon they held aloof, and looked helplessly at one another. Jeffreys now made a desperate resistance, howled and shrieked, cursed his mates, and uttered the most fearful threats against Egerton; but Sergeant Gumps'soon produced a pair of hand- cuffs, in which, notwithstanding Jeffreys' piteous allusions to his wound, his hands were secured, the sergeant having pre- viously taken the liberty of tearing off the plaister, and exposing to view no wound worse than a tattooed anchor of long stand- ing. It will easily be understood that Bob Jeffreys was proved to be no other than Jack Andrews, in whose chest was found a suit of clothes, some of which were stained with blood. Egerton certainly could and did state in evidence that the clothes, which were proved to have been those worn by Jack Andrews when he was rowed across the Cam by Egerton, were considerably stained with blood from the wearer's own nose. However, thelife preserver which was fished up from the river was sworn to as being exactly like one which Jack Andrews was in the habit of carrying before the murder, and which he was never known to have in his possession after he had been rowed by Egerton across the Cam ; and the life-preserver was just the sort of instrument to inflict the injuries from which the old woman at the pike died. Moreover, a man, who could not well have been anybody except Jack Andrews, had opened the turnpike-gate at the very moment that the old woman must have being breath- ing her last ; and after the murder, Jack Andrews had appeared to be as unaccountably familiar with cash as he had before been accountably unfamiliar. In fact, two and two were put together by legal gentlemen in so convint-.ing a manner, that a jury returned a verdict of " Wilful murder " against Jack Andrews ; and Jack Andrews was hanged by the neck until he was dead. And Egerton, both in court and in the newspaper, received a severe reprimand for having very nearly enabled a criminal to escape from justice ; and young gentlemen were warned to take to heart his example, and, if they would not assist, to at any rate abstain from obstructing the law, even when its officers were believed to appear in the unpopular form of bailiffs. -From Uhambers Journal. 