OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent. Friday, April 23. 1869. One of the most prominent signs of the times is the grater interest which the mother country is taking in her fifty colonial children. There have always been, as a matter of course, favored daughters ud troublesome daughter*. Victoria and Canada belong to the formar oategory, the Cape and New Zealand tv the latter. But the neglected oolonie* are now getting their due, ml South Australia is oomitig in for its ?hare V attention. The Tine* generally gives, in iv i auMcy ?rUole, • monthly paragraph of some 20 or 30 liata about your colony (and other pa|>en *v larger proportion); but today the Brituh public ia favored with half • column of South Australian new* by Uie incoming mail, and a f?w day* ago attention wa* oalled to the remark able diaoovery aad properties of " mineral oMUlobouo," M found in the saudy portion* of your Mil, which promise* to be highly useful for gM producing purposes, and in the manufio tare of ocrtaiu dyes, ani is belived to indicate the eustanue of oils or other carboniferous depouta ueuealb the Mirfaoe. I aiso observe that the Auitralian OtutiU, which often ocn. taint papers of considerable value relative to South Australian questions, haa been publishing ft serieaef paper* un emigration to the various Awitretfau oolonie*; ud the speeioo method in •ash, whioh have jutt been brought to a close. In reference to your oolony it is remarked that the Uovenuuent "offers no other induoement to emigrant* than luoh as are to be found ia the existence of a woll-regulated and prosperous community, a fertile oouutry, and a pleaaant climate. The English emigrant arriving at Atalud* wiU And hi* lot east in a oouotry co BagUsli in it* surrounding*, that he will feel a diOoulty in realising the throe month*' water iouracy he has taken. English manners and owtoau prevail, and comfort and oompetenoe. too often wanting in Unhand, is the rule." Th? relation* of the colonies to the mother omntry *? tiie subject of an interestutg and tuou(htful paper read by Mr. Win. W**ta*rth, Ute of Victoria, at the ?c?mi meeting of the Colonial Society, heM on the sth uuboit; Lord ftury ooaupiad the chair, and a oonsidsrable num ber ef dUtinguuhed ooloaUU were present Mr. Wet'garth noticed the complete change whioh his of Uto year* taken pUoe ia relation to tha mother ooiuitry and her daughters, and the ontdial feeUnt, whioh now obtain* between them. The oolonie* (that i?, those of the British r?m) have attaineJ their cherished object of Mtf-govwrameot, while the Home Go. verament aie just arriving Ht a reault that ha* ben Utterly at lea?t as muoh Jrninl on their part, namely, (hat all esi<eiise of these oolonies to the Imperial Tra.sury shall osase now that they have entered o:i the chir^a of their own aaVir*. The pnrti.iu of th* paper whioh •waited lite greatest inter. ?tiu the meeting was that relating lo foreign w..r; un wiiioh subject Mr. Wertgirth started the following hypo thettoft viow. Tbe oulonios. he said— the self-governed of course mire particularly were getting more and more into the position of tootetiea separated, poUtioa'ly and to some extant sooiaUy, from tUU country. Were Matters not drifting into a position to afford ground* for a new international public law by wMoh oolonie*, in event of war. might claim to by neutral? .England might say to an enemy— 'Take your ohoioe; will you have me only •gainst you, or me and my scorn or two of family P And it in jmt possible an enemy might prefer the first. Knglanrf, howevor, must be ready for ?ivher, and mutt in honor, and even in self-interest, defend and avenge her colonies; anJ they art not in suoh oases causing expense to her, but she to them. The colonies geuerailjr, however, hove commenced a syiteni of self-defaiae, whioh in theohief ones, such a* tile Canadian Dominion and tin? Australian oolonie*, is already foroiidable. Victoria U just eompleUng a defensive system adequate, in the opinion of the oolony, to meet any hostile &r;?e that was ever likely to be sent to that remote part of the world. The colo nial spirit was adiuirablo, for a* Mr. Ver dun, the Victorian Agent-General, had stated, the colonist* would be ne willing as they were able to meet their oouutry'* eneinie* " An interesting discussion followed the reading j of the paper. In reference to ooionial def-noe, the Marquis of Nonn&nby;, in moving a vote of i thaak* to the lecturer, strongly alluded to the ' unfortunate result* of Imperial intervention in New Zealand and South Africa, contending that ' in both dependencies the oolonist* themselves I would have so managed matters from the first, ' ha i th? management been left solely to them, ' that there would have been no mioh wars as < have unfortunately - occurred. Sir William Deniaun, is Moonding the motion, took occasion to differ from tome thing* iv the paper just lead. Sir William oould not tolerate the idea of a colonial neutrality during war, nor did he think our colonies would entertain the idea. They would stand by the flag, end England must stand by them. And in lhat spirit he did not agree with that grudging mind that looked at every penny thu ooloniee oost and tried to eliminate the item. Our colonise were and ought to ba part of our eelve* as muoh as any other part of us. fUt Frauois Uinoks eXcited the applause of the ?aeeUag by enreesiug hi* opinien that the •wonial eonneonun reed never be severed. No matter to what ectcbt in power the oolonies attained in the future, he oould sea no oocaaion for separation. Indeed, he believed that but for tile unfortunate oourte taken a century ago, the United States might have been part of our eolouls* to this hoar, aud what a heneflcial Cwer in that case might not the British empire ye been to the world! Iv bringing the moet ing to a dose, the Prerilent remarked that the paper had been a veiy suitable one to in augurate what he hoped would be a continuous •Mio*. It is almost superfluous to apeak of the great value of the duoiusion of such prob lems as Mr. Westgarth submitted to the Colonial Society. Hush toj.iot, handled ia this fashion at horn*, will be rediscnsied in the oolonies, and dim the relations between Great Britain and her oolonies will be pl?cei more securely upon the only satisfactory basis—that of iutal- Jfemt and Mtisfaotory aooord as to the oondi toon* which attach to it. The various enpsiimentol efforts at popu lariaisg the use of Australian beef and mutton in the mother oountry ant being actively eon- Knued, wd with considerable suooesa. The MtM preserved in tins hi* now aoauired an awe lent reputation, both in England and on the Continent, tbe results being alam iaontM to tit* demand for this description of food • otrewMtenee to whioh the recent decision of the Bkgiith Oovemment to inolude Australian Memtt a*Bong tike prorisions used by the royal aavy, ha* partially contributed. The ooionial mtt-pneervers •ajoy nuuiwou* advantages over ??eir BngUsfa and other rivals, the superior •jnelity and greater cheapneu of Australian iy.?^ff *?*• rendering it* usefulnees aimoat fiamUaUa, espeoUUy when considered in re betos to the fact thH in Bnglsnd during the lest few rear* the prices of every description of SMlm?i food have exhibited ?a upward tan f?%-J*u IB*ltoW ** * UtU^ ao far as the BngUsh public ant concerned, from what Mwttenlar oolony or oolosiM, the beef and mutton may come, co long as it U really of AuMraltan ongin. The ania.al food produoe of South Autoaiia, if twperly prepared and fluid fa the Mrtote, poanases quite ?c good aehaase a* thapreserved meats from Victoria s* Mew South Wales, But, Urg? as the trade featbUMt BMta eaetnadeati?sd to boeome. that fa MNfte cured hy pickling aud smoking in tite mdlnaiy way bids (air to become even greater. The wadlnsse wit* which English workuig men ?ad working women purohaw Australian meats Fred ready for Immediate use, or sold in the if aauaag*', saveloys, to., is almost inoredi. The establishment of Mr. U. Tallermaa, to whose unesiitrt.d efforte muoh of the popularity ef the caWial beef and mutton U due, boasts * nrf latm retail trade, principally among the laboring elaeses, who flock thither fromaU part* ef I*enaes> for the purpoM of obtaining the—to Mtany of them—unwonted luxury of a penny plateful ef meat and mashed potatoes. Branch eetaWiahmcnu are being opened in various parts of the metropolis, and before many weeks have elapsed, Aaatcaliaa anot will be procurable in •vary London neighborhood. Its oonsumption ta ale* being extended to Manchester and other j u4aeM hi the provinces. The meat ea it now arrive* from Melbourne U perfectly unetoeption ahla. All trades of undue seitness and smoki- Base have disappeared. There oannot be the laaet doubt that the difficulty of bringing the ?Me* la sound and palatable condition to Uurope has bean overcome; the real work now oon ataMaw ta ite proper distribution after arrival. ?fWlahmsats. like that of Mr. Taller ?*an's ta Morton Folgato, require to be fanaed ia aU the leading towns and ettta* tt tb? kingdom, and a compUte eyeteei of wholesaln and retail eganmas or fsaiaal But this uoaWUto* the employment •fptoetyofoaptuL It is beyond the reach of • etagle individual or Arm, If ooionial eapi taliMs were u> Uke up tUs matter properly, they would lad it afford a splendid Acid for tha ptefttahle exaroim of their ehanoteristio ans?gy aad enterprise. If, inctead of wasting hwdreda, aad even thousand*, of pounds on fatfla attasnpta at diaouvering new mode* of pre aarving awat, tha money was employed ia de vaknlttg tbe demand for JCngluh. beef and ?ttttoa, the result*, both to the Australian avajMuaity and twa Kngluh laboring popula t&aa;, ?c well a* to the investors themselves, wmtU ht far more remuneMtive, enduiing, and hsastt?*L South AastnOiaii capital tha* em f^TftieMiUbcmaxtotoaraateaaarkatwhJoh for yean to osma would absorb every ton of South Australian meat exported from Adelaide to the northern hemisphere. The attempt to form an Australian Dinner Club in London has met with partial success only, the promoters having somewhat prema turely oommenced tile experiments and also committed the error of selecting for the pre liminary dinner a day jut before the departure of the mail, when not only *ere the great balk of oolonists extremely busy in replying to letter*, fax., bat when several of the more prominent Australians were engaged to attend at tome of the annual charity dinners and meeting* now so common. Although limited in numbers, the dinner was excellently served, South Australian wine, from the vineyard of Mr. Auld, forming a conspicuous feature of the •vaning. It is something between a clan* and a port, and waa most favorably spoken of. Mr. A. MoArthur, of Sydney, prodded. The speeches were thoroughly characteristic, and an I unanimous with expressed that the endeavor to form the riub be persevered with. The feelings of pain and indignation which have been awakened among the Australian com- munity in England by the publication of Mr. Dilke's "Greater Britain," with its gross and unwarrantable aspersions of colonial life and character, its numerous inaccuracies, and its many absurd and mischievous misstatements, has become intensified in consequence of Mr. Dilke, instead of acknowledging the errors, seeking to defend them. The fact that the whole of the English press, from the Times downwards, have united in praising the work, thereby giving it an air of authority calculated to mislead inexperienced readers, aggravates the evil influence exercised by the volume, which cannot fail to strengthen many of the unfounded and senseless prejudices entertained by large numbers of English people with respect to the colonies. The efforts of the Conservatives to unseat Mr. Torrens and his colleague in the repre sentation of Cambridge (Mr. Fowfo) having completely failed, arrangements have been made for holding a great political demonstra tion in the fown ou the Sth May for the pur pose of celebrating the event. It is expected to be one of the largest gatherings of the kirnl bvot beheld in Cambridge of late years. Mr. Torretiu seems to liavo completely gained the Doufidenee of his constituents. He has also been taking a very active part in connection, with the movement now beicg initiated by the Social Soienee Association for the purpose of ?triviag to pro no'e more friendly feelings be twfpn capital and labor. But it is ou the subject of emigration that Mr. Torrens is most readily listened to. At a recent meeting at Exeter Pali of the National Emigi. - tion Aid Association, of the Council of wuicu Mr. Torreas is a member, he elicited conaider ibla applause from his hearers by his descrip tions of the advantages which South Australia kwtouted for those desirous of emigrating. Alien, in indignant language, he deolared that -he poor of this country, especially the Devon ihire agricultural laborers, were in a worse con- Utioa than the blackfellows on the Murray iUver, the ringing cheers which greeted his vords showed how strong and deep was the im >r?asion made on the audience. A deputation >n the subject is shortly to wait on the Home JecreUry, and Mr. Torrens has been selected as me of the speakers. But it is not likely that ha Government will bo induced to abandon to my great extent iv negative policy with respect *> emigration. While the Prinoe of Wales hw been receiving he maguifflsent hospitality of the Viceroy of Egyp , aud the Sultan, and Prince Alfred has (eon once more gladdening the hearts of Her Majesty's loyal subjects in Australia, tbeir Winger brother, Prinoe Arthur, has been naldng his debut in public life. Though not yet SO years of age. His Boral Highness has offi >iated at several levees during the month, and performed his part in the courtly ceremonial sitk gr&os; and self-possession. Before proceed ng to Canada to join his regiment there (as, 1 relieve, an ai tillery officer), it was thought ex tedient at this junctors to send His Boyal Vghnest on a tour through Ireland, The idea ras a nappy one, and the young Prince, though mt just springing into manhood, has been able jo do the State a real service. He has won the leart of the Irish people, and elicited marked iroofs of their loyal affections to his august nother. It was natural enough that he should ? well received in Dublin while the guest of jord Lieutenant Earl Spencer, but as he irooeeded southward the demonstrations of uyalty increased rather than diminished, hough the weather has, for the most art, beau very unfavorable. "Welcome, 'riflce Patrick"—in allusion to the- second ?me of His Royal w?ghi?se—baa been ha expression of popular feeling in Tip erary and Waterford, and elsewhere in : be province of Monster. It has not been con ned to the gentry and middle classes, but has 1 een oommou to all sections of the community. ' longratolatory addresses, breathing sentiments ' f enthusiastic loyalty to the Queen, triumphal ' robes, and brilliant illuminations have greeted ', be young Prince in every town. Early in the reek he was among the Keny mountains, at ' Lillarney and elsewhere. "Strange to say," ays a letter in the Time*, "His Boyal Highness ' ibs not found a sing's Fenian. In one of the eputed strongholds of disaffection he has not ' noountored one who by the slightest word or ' ctionhasexpresseddisloyalty. On the contrary, ' is everywhere met withan enthusiastic weloome. n the course of his tour the Prince paid a. visit \ a the Count de Jarnac at Thomastown Castle, ' rhere he received a deputation of Tipperary fflcials. The report says His Hoyal TTighinMm ! lad displayed on his breast the badge of the ; Jrder or St. Patrick, Addresses were presented nd replied to, and during the proceedings the 1 reather moderated a little, and the Prince, Laving enoaaad himself in a grey overcoat of ! Foterford friete, expressed his willingness to •rave any possible return of its inclemency, and ; :eep an apnointoient which had been made for < . visit to Cauhel His adoption of the native ' ostume endeared him still more to the local re- i ireeentative* of Tipperary. They hailad the ' "rince in his grey friece coat as indeed a conn- ' ryiuan. Here was a visible embodiment of ' lational sympathy mere expressive thai a ' loeen speeches. It was a tangible proof that iis Boyal Highness was fully acclimatised, and : ras taking kindly to the habits of the Celts. ' Vneu Prinoe Arthur was at Fermory he '? ras to have received an address in Grant's Intel, whioh had been most elaborately itted up for the occasion, and was lied with all the ladies and aristocracy f the neighborhood. But thousands bom all he country round had gathered in the streets, nd remained there for several hours in a Irenobing rain. The Prince, therefore, decided o receive the address in the open air, to the onstemation of the seleot circle in the hotel tut the multitudes testified their extreme ratification, and clustered eagerly round the arringe to see and cheer " Prince Patrick," and o utter the wish—" May you come again soon." "hese incidents illustrate the tact of the young ?rinoa, sad help to aosount for his popularity, 'o the address of the inhabitants of KOlarney irhioh beautiful district he saw with the advan age of fine weather) His Boyal Highness eplied :—•' Tour expressions of devoted attach aent to our gracious Queen will be most gratl ying to Her Majesty, and the delicate tribute 'ou have paid to the memory of the Prince Jonsort has touched me deeply. In the tame of the Queen, my dear mother, do I hank you. Severed and honored as ever will ? the memory of my dearly beloved father, he lss set before me a bright example, which, lowever unequal I may be to the task, it shall, Levsrtheless, be my earnest endeavor to fol ow." Meanwhile the Prince and Princess of Wales lave been enjoying the princely hospitality of ha Commander of toe Faithful Prior to caving Egypt they, in company with M. de Lesseps and his lady, inspected the gigantic irorks of the Suez Canal, which is already avail ibla throughout its course for ships of moderate ?urtben, and will be formally opened in October by the Empress Eugenic in person. When die Prinoe and Princess arrived at Conitantin.ple they were entertained with a magnificence quite unknown in these western regions. The special Mrrespondent of the Time* remarks:—" Each day baa Us labors of ceremonial, sight-seeing, feasting, visiting, and receptions, so that night oomes on with a burden of sleep that cannot be denied, and the eyelid is scarcely well open in the morning before the duties of life begin im periously again." The outdoor displays have been wonderful from die moment that the Ariadne brought-to off theCastU of Asia, on the 31st of March, to the hour of her de parture on the 17th of ApriL Palaces of bewitching splendor were placed at the ser vice of the royal party, one of which they selected as a residence, and another they visited and admired. The Sultan in tbeir honor gave his first Court dinner, and violated all the traditions of Turkish etiquette by sitting at table with ladies and ministers of state. Mus tapha Fasil Pasha, brother of the Viceroy of Egypt, entertained the royal party at luncheon, and crowded his tables with fruit for whioh he had telegraphed to Paris.. "It was more than Lucullian in cookery and in wines," exclaims Hie admiring correspondent of the Times. There was a state ball at the British Embassy, at which the Sultan was present; a state visit of His Majesty to the Mosque, on whioh a.fortune must have been spent. "There were guards of honor, carriages, saddle-horses, ffaiaues, and an immense staff of servants, for ever on duty." '* The table is crowded with gold and silver plate." Every morning the Sultan sent a pre sent of rare flowers and fruit. Pipes, "with amber mouth-pieces of fabulous ' value, and crested wife hundreds of diamonds sad rubies," wars *??—??'? round along with coffee in tiny cups fitting into stands blaring with jewels. Such unique hospitality deserved prompt recog nition, and Queen Victoria telegraphed her •ordlal thanks to the Bultan. His Highness, ?MWsvsr, has ordered to be prepared from the Crown jewels a magnificent bracelet, which is valued at £10,000, to present to the Princess as •.souvenir of her visit to Constantinople. One might be disposed to doubt the prudence of this lavish outlay by a Government and a sovereign that are ever contracting new loans to discharge the interest on old ones, are over head and ears in debt, and are simply squandering the money ; of their English creditors. Apropos of this : memorable virit, the Tima notes tne change that has come over the Turks and their capital: j — " With just enough of the old Asiatic fashions j to give picturesquenes? to the scene, there were miogled very evident signs of innovation and progress. The Ottoman Government is no longer much in arrear of the world. The Turkish, infantry carry breech-loading rifles, the artillery have Armstrong guns, heavy iron- clads are afloat in the Bosphorus ; and it is ?aid that the Sultan could put 800,000 men in the field." In my last letter I described the first stage of the struggle in the Home of Commons on ttie Irish Church Bill, the second reading of which was carried by the decisive majority of 118—the largest upon any question of first-rate importance known for mrjre than a generation past. The Bill was put down for Committee on the 15th of April. It was discussed again wider some what new circumstances. Firat Mr. Disraeli, not very willingly, I dare aay, was bidden by a meeting of Conservative peers and members to take the matter in band, and he concocted a aeries of amendments which, if carried, would restore or hand over to the Irish Church nearly all its property, leaving May nooth andPre?byterianum to and compensation out of the Imperial exchequer! The second new element in the question was the meeting of the Irish Chnreh Synod in Dublin. It was, however, well known beforehand what coarse the assembly would take. They simply raised the "No Surrender" flag, and the speeches were one prolonged protest. This course was not only unexpected, but will hardly be regarded as unnatural tinder the circumstances. The Irish Episcopalians have got till 1871, to organise themselves into a Free Church, when, if they have declined to do so, their whole property will be vested in the Commission appointed by the BUI. They are consequently in no hurry. Ebullitions of uiger and* threats of resistance at present cost them nothing, but may (as they think) help to modify if not defeat the Bill. But they have ihown a facility in organization, and a una nimity of feeling, which may hereafter he turned to good account. The Synod was a genuine representative body, and ere long its 500 members may be again convened. A itanding Committee was appointed to watch the progress of the measure, which will doubt less convene the Synod again when ciroum itances require it. When the Bill came up again yesterday greek, Mr. Newdegate stopped the way with ut amendment to go into Committee that day ox months. An evening was thus lost, though lie Government and the Bill acquired moral itrength by the useless discussion. For an lcur and a half the hon. member for North Warwickshire, in his most sepulohral tones, ielivered himself of his solemn warnings. Or. Newdegais had refused to be introduced in he tea-room of the House of Commons. This oatement excited much merriment. After he tad spoken, the opponents of the Bill had it all .heir own way, with the exception of a good leal of noisy interruption. Mr. Greene, Mr. 3horley, Sir EL Bruce, Mr. Baikes, Mr. Holt, md Lord Sandon, each uttered his protest, tut no one rose on the Ministerial aide to raawer them, save Mr. Gladstone, who, when ihe Opposition had talked itself out, made a [eneral andaconciliatory reply, in the course of rhich ho adverted to the service which had teen dona to himself and the Bill by the dis xepancie? of opinion revealed among his anta- Kraista, andtwitted Mr. Newdegate with know ng more of the intentions of tha Pope than lioiself. One of the points in reply was admi abiy put. Mr. Newdegate had said the Bill was oneocted because the Pope wanted it:—Wha*. istonishes me (said Mr. Gladstone) is this, that he hon. gentleman with his sound Protes antism, should recognise the demand of the 'ope as an adequate and sufficient reason— " Oh!" laughter and cheers)—or that he should lave the credulity to suppose that the majority I his countrymen were ready torecognise such a emand. Whether that demand will be made, do not presume to ?ay. - The hon. member, I are say, is much better informed of the utentions of the Pope than I am. (Laughter.) le has evidently acquired a familiarity nth the probable movements of that reat personage, for he meets him at every urn. When we point out to him the 'resbyterians of Scotland ardently desiring bis measure, bis answer is that he can see nder the gown of John Knox nothing but the >ectre of the Pope of Rome. (Laughter.) If re refer to the Nonconformists of w-ngvnA that owerful body who certainly, as far as I can nderstand, will not consent to take a second lacs as compared with any other portion of lie community or of the Christian world in laiming the honors of Protestantism, still the on. member cannot dislodge from his mind ais extraordinary phantom, or free himself rom the delusion that the whole agency, again, ad the convictions of the Nonconformists, are ? be referred to the secret and subtle influence f the Pope. (Laughter.) Now, is it not par onable in us if we decline to enter into detailed rgumentation upon such wild chimeras as hese? (Cheers.) And am I not justified in Serins; one general reply to the hon. gentleman l a few pithy words which occurred towards lie close of his speech, where he said, "No tan can argue with fears.'9 The fears of the on. gentleman are so wakeful and bo Bnbtfe dat I think they would fairly elude ?ny graap lat one might endeavor to lay on them. Cheers.) The House resolved to go into Oom littee by a majority of 128. Next evening (Friday) the Opposition leader ad bis innings. The second clause, which saots the Disestablishment of the IrisaClmrch, us met by an amendment of Mr. Disrali's for a omission. Nothing, say* an eye-witness of lie scene, could have been more hollow, more lapt, more crowded with paradoxical asser iohs, than the speech with which he prefaced is motion ; and his oitvrard bearing corxei onded closely with the character of his argu lenfc He appeared to be laboring for the Ukintenance of a policy in which he bad not imself the slightest faith. He was evidently le advocate of doctrines with which, father as * philosopher or a states lan, he had no sympathy. He did ot even maintain the attention, much iss excite the enthusiasm of those wfco sat ehindhim. The House rapidly thinned during he delivery of his not over-lengthened speech, 'he Attorney-General followed him, ana with reat simplicity and some force disposed of the ,ew riddles which the right hon. gentleman art given to the Committee to solve. Then ante & battle of the lawyers, in whioh Dr. tall, Sir Koundall Palmer, Mr. Walpole, and It. Sullivan joined issue. The discussion fterwarda took a somewhat more general urn. Mr. Gladstone reviewed the discussion rith great firmness of judgment and vigor of xpression ; but Mr. Disraeli, rousing himself rom his comparative apathy in the earlier (art of tha evening, concluded the debate nth a passionate declamation, in which he eiterated, but in a somewhat modified sense, tis previous paradoxes, and endeavored to iverwhelm his political antagonist by ascrfb ng to him the utterance of princMes which, n their logical application, would involve Cngland and Scotland, as well as Ireland, "in [eucnl ruin, and &n; entire dissolution of the tonds of society." A few quiet words of ex tbnation and correction from Me Gladstone ook the sting out of this fierce invective, and he Committee resolved on the disestablish- Dent clause of the Bill by a majority of 123. On Monday the Committee was resumed, and It. Disraeli being absent in consequence of an ittack of gout, his place was supplied by Mr. Jatharne Hardy, who was unusually measured n his opposition, and strove, not always effec ually, to keep his friends in order. Three Mints were dismissed, and decided: the first, hat the Bill should come into force, so far as ts disestablishing clause was concerned, on the Lst of January, 187L|Mr. Disraeli's amendment prould have made it 1872, but after a brief iebate it was rejected by a majority of 107. The leotion relating to the constitution and powers >f the Commissioners having been postponed, &at; wnicb. comprehends the disendowmen Causes came on for discussion. Those clauses, uo, were carried with only verbal amend nents by a majority of 103. The Com mittee then advanced to the compensa tion clauses, and the first great ques tion of debate was whether the com pensation to be given to holders of benefices ihould be diminished by deducting from their innual imoome the salaries they had been accustomed to give to permanent curates. Many appeals were made to the compassionate generosity of the Committee on behalf of Burates by members who did not seem to under stand that the clause they were discussing had relation, not to the interest of curates, but to those of incumbents. The Attorney- General Eor Ireland, the Solicitor-General, and Mr. Oladstone, placed the matter in the dearest light, and the result was that the dednotioa proposed to be inninUd on was refused by a majority of 98 votes. The position taken up by Mr. Disraeli on Friday night is likely to have very serious results for himself sa a, party leader. It will alienate for him the support of the influential High Church clergy, whose spe cial abhorrence is the doctrine of the royal supremacy, of which the right boo. gentleman has become so enamored. As a body, they supported him at the late general election. They are now told by their leader in Par liament that without its head the Church of England would have neither purity of doctrine, nor decorum of worship, nor c, aabUary disci pline, nor wise government. All these spiritual privileges, "so venerable and so legitimate," axe secured to the Church by the authority and power of the Queen, and by nothing else. This, and this alone, is the rock on wftch the Church' is founded, the guarantee that the gates of hell* ?hall not prevail against her. Even to think of a Conservative High Churchman reading this, almost, says thejtPafi Mall Gazette, takes away one's breath. Hitherto he has held that by an inscrutable decree of Providence, these perni cious doctrines were permitted to be held by men like Lord Westbury or Lord Cairns, bnt to have them openly preached by the political leader whom, with some misgivings, he has been accustomed to follow, most be an utterly unexpected blew. A politician who maintain, that the Queen is the Anglican Pope, and that the beat possible condition for the Church is to be under the absolute control of the State, will do well to make op his mind to dispense with sacerdotal support. Last night (Thursday) the House resumed the consideration of clause 14, and was occupied with it seme hours. The divisions in the eonrse of the evening were marked by the usual majorities of 100 to 115 on the side of the Government, and if any supporter of the Mjnistary felt compunction in supporting tho terms of compensation proposed by the Bill, it would be more than dispelled upon due consi deration. " Irish rectors and lash curates will be secured in the enjoyment of such incomes as they have hitherto received, and this is no slight matter; but it is scarcely necessary to add that the Free Irish Episcopal Chnroh of the future will be neither poor in wealth nor weak in spirit. Hie landholders of Ireland are Pro testant, and it cannot be supposed that the Irish gentry will be alack to support the minis ters of the communion to which they belong. The Church body will be endowed with churches, with ecclesiastical residences, and with commutations, and the reconstruction of the Irish Chnroh will enable its governing Com mittee or Trustees to promote the claims of merit and of zeal in a degree little inferior to that hitherto possible under the or ganization of the Irish Establishment." The amendments still to be debated refer to the constitution of the new Church body, the rate of commutation, for life incomes, the disposition of the glebes and churches, the permanent en dowment for maintenance of worship as pro posed by Mr. Disraeli, the date from which private endowments are ti be preserved for the Jbnrch, the redemption of the tithe-rent sharge, the BegitimDonum and Maynooth com sensations, ?uid the application of the surplus, which Mr, Whalley desires to see used for the redemption of the Hational Debt. The chief sonnicts will arise upon the disposal of the glebe .ands, which Sir George Jenkinson would hand >ver entire, with all churches and schools, to ;he new Church body ; and as to the private indowments, the same member proposing to fix &c; year 1660 as the date from which private indowments shall belong to the Church. Mr. Disraeli would have all lands devised by Royal Srant or statute since the second year of iliaabeth transferred to the Church body. Fhere are thus materials for at least half a. lozen more evenings' del ate in Committee. On he third reading Captain Archdall is to move he extension of the BUI to England and Scot aad—a, move in which some of the Conserva ive jouma'sseem to see much ground for hop*. The unsatisfactory condition and inefflgiant iervices of the House of Lords has come up for tisenssion sooner than was expected. Earfv in he session a member of the Lower House called ittentaon to the objectionable mode of electing he Scotch and Irish representative peers—a irtual monopoly in the hands of the Duke of Succleugh and Lord Derby' respectively—and It. Gladstone replied that it was one of the [uestions of the future. Then the energetic itarquis of Salisbury has endeavored more quailyto divide the initiative of legislation etweenthe two House*, and has got a joint Jomnuttee to consider the subject. Earl fins ell, hiving no particular work to do, and being .verse to bs consigned to " dumb forgetfol less," has revived the subject of life peers, with he view of reinforcing their lordships' House. 3ie Whig veteran, according to the plan pro >osed by him on the 9th instant, in & Jill submitted to the Lords, would give o the Crown power to create life Peerages o a. limited number of persons possessed of ertain defined qualifications. The number of hese creations he would restriot to 23 at any me time, and to four in any one year. Thus it could take seven yeara from the y??nng of the Let to make up the total addition to the number if peers authorised to be created under"ifr—an nterval exceeding the probable duration of any ingle Administration. Lord Russell's Bill de in.es the different classes from whion life Peers re to be taken. Irish and Scotch peers; mem •era of the House of Commons of ten yean' tending and npwar.ls; naval and military fficergwho have achieved distinction io their espective services; puisne judges of any of the uperier law courts, of two years' standing, and ix-Attorney-Generals and Lord Advocates; men imiaent in science, art, and literature; and aen who have served the Crown for five years, pith distinction, whether at home or abroad— re to be deemed qualified for selection by the Jrown to sit and vote daring their lifetime n the House of Lords. Th? Bill appears 0 have met with an indulgent and an up irovine; reception by their Lordships* House. Mr. Lowe has been able to surprise the House if Commons and the country. His budget is inique and ingenious. In his financial speech m the Bth the right hon. gentleman acted his lart with consummate skilL first he told his ogubrious story. The receipts for the year cere estimated at £72,8 0,000, and the expen liture at £68,223,000. Thus a nominal balance if £4,632,000 was exhibited after allowing for 3,261,000, the economies of the year. Bat, das! the surplus no sooner appeared as a ihantom than it vanished. £4,600,000 is re -1 aired to meet the extra, co?tof the Abyssinian rar, and **irhw this huge amount off, here was left Ul9 mere ghost of a surplus in he shape of £32,000. The House being thus educed to the depths of financial woe, the JhaaoeUor of the Exchequer had recourse o his "Parliamentary magio" to raise ta spirits. The result is pithily in lieated in PuncVs cartoon this week:— 'rofessor Bob:—" There is no deception he bag is empty. Hey, presto, pass I (Pro- Luces the egg.) Surplus!! T Professor Ben: ' Why. we could ha' done that (Pauses)—if ra'd only thought on it." The operation is ughly ingenious, and is probably due in part 0 Mr. Gladstone's finaimfai cunning. Mr. Lowe woposes to transfer the collection of a number tf taxes from parish officers to the Excise; to jhange most of the assessed taxes into licence Lntua, and to collect early next year not only lie entire twelvemonth's income-tax, but the ixtra portion in arrears. Between January and Vpril it will be a "fat" quarter, and the iharges will fall heavily on the taxpayers. Jut of this arrangement cornea an anti cipated surplus of £3,350,000, by means >f which Mr. Lowe is able to offer the country lome considerable boons. "In the first place, ho Chancellor of the Exchequer proposes to -emit one penny in the income tax, which will ie reduced from sixpence to fivepence. Next, ttr. Lowe proposes to abolish the remaining one tolling duty on corn, arrowroot, and other fari laceous articles, which yields £900,000 to the revenue. The fire insurance duty, which pre lents an obstacle to the forethought of the people in providing against calamity v is to be ibolished. Taxes on locomotion are to be re rased and reduced. The cab grievance will now le at an end, and ojinibus fares may be sub itantially reduced. The licence to sell tea, | vhioh is usually associated with tobacco, &a;, is properly abandoned, though it may not prove to be any great advantage. The ititer remissions of taxation, though itnall, remove objectionable imposts, and ielp to simplify our financial system* Ka estimated surplus of £442,000 is left; and mould he have a prosperous financial year, and 1 further large reduction of expenditure, the Sha&oellor; of the Exchequer will in 1870 be ible to do something even more effectual. The present budget is open to obvious criticism. The j Bountryhas to pay for the boons granted, and the question is whether they are worth the cost. We cant eat the cake and have it, and people ire, on the whole, satisfied with the bargain. Of course the budget will pass without sub stantial alteration, spite of Mr. Lowe's some irhat brusque and offensive way of putting down opposition. The organization and working of Congrega tional Churches has of late been exciting a good deal of attention, and has been the subject of much oritimsm. The old methods of admission of church members have, to a great extent, EaQen out of use. ** Experience'" letters, and, to a less extent, diagonal visitations to can didates are things of the past. Still the system even thus modified does not appear to work well. It is coaiplained that an increasing number of earnest and Eealous Christians is to be found outside the Church boundary, and that "Church meet ings" are bo generally inane and badly at tended that they are of small value. The question consequently fcas arisen whether the present system of membership amongst Con gtegationalists is either Scriptural or beneficial: whether in accordance with the principles of equity the congregationas well as the Church ought not to have a voice in the disbursement of oommon funds to which they contribute,, and whether the responsibility ef sitting down to the Lord's supper ought not to be left to the individual conscience rather than be de cided by what is dwrignated "the Church. 9 Others, not an influential section, are in favor of throwing down the Church barriers alto gether, and making either seaiholders in a, place of worship, or those who Attend the communion the depository of executive power. Of course I am not going to trouble your readers with any expression of opinion on so delicate and important a subject I refer to it as one of the chief signs of the times, and as a proof that Congregationalism, like every other form of Church fellowship, is being put in the critical orucihle, and will have to be judged, not by old traditions, but by its inherent soundness and adaptation to the wants of the age. A paper on the question is to be read aft the Baptist Reunion meeting next week, and it has been discussed at several recent country associations. The Rev. Enoch Mellor, as President of the West Biding Congregation!. 1 Union, made it the other week the subject of bis inaugural address. - He painted out two .extremes, both of which were "perilous enough, and perhaps equally fatal." The one extreme he denominated the absolutely open system of admission into churches, and the other the rigorous system. The Board of Congregational Ministers have, I believe, had the question under consideration at several successive meetings. The utmost dif ference of opinion seems to have been expressed, and the Board have been unable to corns to any unanimous conclusion. In some few Independent Churches the artificial^ barrier has already been thrown down; in many others financial matters are made acommoninterest to Church and Congrega tion, whilst in most the congregation is allowed to have a, -veto in the selection of the pastor. Perhaps we are only at the beginning'of a great controversy on the subject. 