A MORMON ON ? THE CHURCHES." ' [CONTINUED 13 OM OUR LAST.J I used to be told when investigating religioua principles tbat it was dangerous to do so. and 1 had better let them alone ; but I did not think so. I believe it is good to investigate and prove all principles that come before me. Prove all thines, hold fast tbat which is good, and reject that which is evil, no matter ^what guise it may c«me in. I think if we, as "Mormons," hold principles that can not be sustained by the scriptures and by good sound reason and philosophy, the quicker we part with them the better, no matter who believes in them or who does not. In every principle presented to us our first inquiry should be, "It is true?" "Does it eminate from God 1" If He is its Author it can be sustained just as mnch as any other truth in natural philosophy ; if false it should be oppressed and exposed just as mnch as any other error. Hence upon all such matters we wish to go back to first principles. * * When 1 turn to the gospel as taught by Jesus I find that be sent his disciples into all the world and command them to preach the gospel to every creature, saying " he that believetb and is baptised shall be saved, but he that believetb not shall be damned." This gospel was no pliant thing, as in this day, that men could receive or refdse as they pleased, or that they could tinker to suit their their own notions; but when preached, it involved the salvation or damnation of those who heard it. When the apostles commenced to preach the gospel Jesus said it was necessary for Him to go away, for if He went away He would send them the Comforter,—tbe Holy {Spirit—which should call all things to their remembrance and show them things to come: This was something very important; a religion that wonld do this was a religion for immortal men. Why should men, made in the image and after the likeness of God, be ignorant of themselves, and of their preezistence and their future destiny % The rt ligion tbat Jesus came to teach instructs men in relation to these subjects and puts them in possession of correct ioformainon. Well, then, I do not want to go to any of the old doctrines of the Roman Catholic Chureh, or to the Episcopalians, Calvinists or Lutherans. I want tbe doctrines that Were promulgated by the disciples of Jesus on the day of Pentecost, through obedience to which, men may gain the power and inspiration that were enjoyed by tbem, in accordance with the promises which Jesus had made. On that day we read that the desciples began to speak with other tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance. People from different nations heard them preach the gospel in their tongues, and they marveled and thought they were drunken with new wine. Peter told them that it was not so, " but," said he, " this is that which was spoken by the prophet, it shall come to pass in the last days that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and ynnr old men shaQ dream dreams, and your young men shall see visions, and upon my servants and handmaidens I will pour out n.y spirit and they shall prophesy." It was the pouring out of the spirit of Qod in fulfillment of this prophesy. It was the revelation of God to man ; it was the introduction of the gospel of Jesus Christ; it was the power of the Lord G<:d manifested through obedience to the gospel. When the people saw these wonderful manifestations, they said men and brethren what shall we do ?" I have often reflected upon this saying. If men were to ask this question now among the Methodists they tell them to come to the mourner's bench and be prayed for. Some of the other sects would tell them pretty much the same thing. I have seen operations of this kind take place. When their preachers get the people excited they get them to the mourner's bench and they commence praying, and tell the people to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ The mourner may eay, " I do believe ;" but his only answer will be. " Well you must believe." "I do believe," says the mourner again. " Well you must believe" is the reply again, and that is abont all the minister or the people know about it. Some say the believer must be baptised; but upon the mode of baptism they are very mnch divided in opinion. Some say they must be sprinkled; others say the water must be poured upon the believer; while others say tbat immersion is the correct method. The Methodists are very pliable ou this point.—they give a man a chance to have which method he pleases ; their ministers do not know which is right, so tbey give the sinner the privilege to take which he likes. * * * * • • Wben they asked on the day of Pentecost what they were to do to be saved, Peter Baid " Repent and be baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus CbriBt for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the Holy Ghost." This was the command to all—to the doctors, lawyers, pharasees and pious people as well as to tbe harlot, publicans and thieves. This was the doctrine of the Apostolic Church. Tbe question with me is "if this was the true gospel 1800 years ago is it not tbe same to-day." Tbis is the question I have often put to priests when I was very young, and they would tell me not to trouble myself about snch things, tbey were for tbe consideration of wiser people. But when I investigated further I found that these " wiser people "knew nothing about it. The Methodists, Presbyterians and others, tell us they have the gospel and tbe Holy GhoBt. I am glad if they have, but if they have, they will be able to show the fruits of the gospel, for it will produce tbe same result now as then. Eighteen hundred yearB ago, if a man sowed wheat it produced the same as today ; and if he sowed barley or corn, he reaped the same, for what a man sows that shall he reap. The animal called a horst> in those days is not a jackass or a mule now, but is a horse still. Two and two made four then the same as to-day. The gospel of JeBus Christ produced certain results then, and it will produce the same to-day, or it is not the gospel. This is the way I reason. " Well," the inquirer may •ay, " if the gospel does not exist anywhere but among yon Latter-day Saints, where did you get it from !" We believe God has spoken. Joseph Smith said an angel came and administered to him and revealed the gospel to him as it eiisted in former days, and Joseph declares further, that he was ordained by holy angels, and was commanded to-go forth and preach the -everlasting gospeL I find in reading the Bible tbat there is a prophecy in relation to this matter. John says in hia revelation, ** I saw another angel flying in the midst of heaven, having the everlastinggospel to preach to those on the earth, to eveiy nation, kindred, tongue and people, crying with a loud voice, fear God and give gloty to him, for tbe hour of His judgement is come, and worship Him that made the heaven, earth and seas, and the fountains of water." . What is meant by the everlasting gospel! I know that some people think there was no gospel before Jesus came, bnt it is a great mistake. Adam, . Noah, Abraham and Moses had the gospel; and when Jesus came He came to offer himself ..a sacrifice for tbe sins of the whole world, sad to bring back the gospel which the people had lost " Well," says one, "do you mean to affirm tbatthe men you have just named had the gospel!" I do, and hence it is called the everlasting gospel. "How do you know!" Why, the scriptures say the gospel: held the keys of -the mysteries'of the Mngdomof -God Now, Adam was'in-possession of these things ; he was in the possession of.the spirit of'prophecy and revelatioo. He talked with God, and it was through the mediam of the gosj^l that he was able to do j at Enoch also convened with and had tbe revelationis from God, and finally he was jiot, i for God tookhim. Noah convsrsed with.God, and God told him to build an srk, and «* him revelations about the siee of it, and th. kind of animals he was to introduce into it And wherever thegnspel existed there was , knowledge of God. Moses bad the gosnel and so had Abraham, and they comrtiunicated with Him from time to time. And by what medium was this done ? It was through the medium of the gospeL " Do you mean to affirm " «»« the objector, " that Moses had tbe gogDe " Yes; let lis take the Bihle for it - we I'll believe in tbat In that book we read that " unto us was the gospel preached as well J unto them." We are also told that the eosr«S was pteached to them, bflt that it did not profit them, not beiitg mited with feith in those who heard it, therefore the law was added becan!» of transgression. Added to which ? Whv to the gospel, which the scfiptures say MOSM preached to the children of Israel in th« New Testiment we read, GaL 3rd cbanu. and 8\h verse. " For the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heatheh throiieh faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham Baying, in thee shall all nations be ble&ed.;" It was through the medictm of the gospel that Abraham obtained these promises. Now torn* people think the law of Moses, as it is called, was given to the children of Israel as a peculiar kind of a blessing; but it was a peculiar kind of a curse added because of transgression. It was as Peter said,—neither they nor their fathers were able to bear it [To be concluded in our next] 