HIGH-FLOWN SEN IT MEN l\ Crocus Ordley promises well Irom a distance. A. church with so beautiful a spire ought to be long to a place of some importance ; and the inhabitants of certain comfortable-looking houses in the suburbs, surrounded by extensive grounds with glass-houses glittering in the sun, should be folks with money to spend, grapes — perchance pines — to eat, sons and daughters ready for any thing, from croquet to private theatricals, Alas for the deceitfulness of appearances? The streets of Crocus Ordley are as gloomy as stage thoroughfares in the daytime; th.e most exciting pleasures indulged in by the inhabitants are penny readings or geological lectures in the school-room ; the shops are fly-blown ; the sign of the principal inn ha3 not been painted in this generation; and the rich folks who indulge in pines are Quakers. Altogether, the cheerful -reader is not advised to go near the place in the flesh unless, he is an aristocrat, and receives an invitation to stay -with Lord Ordley, the owner of the park, and Elizabethan mansion, on the left of the town. That would be a very different matter, for they are gay at the Hall ; and when the present lord came of age, he even at tempted to infuse a little life into the towns- folks. But it was only a flash in the pan — the ignition of a damp squib. At that period, Tiney Beynolds was staying with her aunt Sarah, who lived in a bright-red house, with door-steps and brass bell-handles of more than Dutch brilliancy, in the centre of the principal street of Crocus Ordley. Had it not been for the presence of that charming girl, I should not have dared take the cheerful reader to such a drab-souled place in imagination ; but no apology is due under the circumstances : " Eden is where Eve is." Miss Sarah Reynolds lived in that red brick building in that dull country town because her father, the lawyer, had resided there before her. She had kept the house for him for the last ten years of his life; he had left it her on his decease; and she continued to keep it. It was a great deal too large for her, and she might have let it to advantage ; but she was used to it, and preferred remaining there, and shutting most of the rooms up, keeping it as a sort of ghost preserve. She was a good old Tory, and hated change like a cat. That she had lived n dozen years in one place was quite reason enough for her'that she ought to live there a dozen more, another dozen after that, if deuth, the vulgar democrat, would let her. Yet she was rather out of place there ; a lady, and not a Quakeress. Quakeress, forsooth 1 She was 83 good a church woman a9 she was Tory ; and saved the clergyman a curate, she took such a quantity of parish-work off his hands. A little before noon, one bright June day, this lady and her niece were sitting with their work under a shady chestnut-tree in the capital garden which lay at the hack of the house. It is the custom, somehow, to associate feminine severity with a tall figure, a straight backbone, and general spareness, combined with prominent features ; while we expect a short stout little woman, whose face is of the dolly character, to be debonnairc and easy. But Miss Sarah Reynolds was squat and prim. Her form was analogous to a bolster tied in the middle ; but she managed to carry it with an air of virgin severity ; her nose bore no pro portion to the cheeks which hid it in profile, yet a front view showed it in constant readiness to turn up at human weakness. There would have been a difficulty about getting a crown- piece between her lips, though she lent her aid to the experiment ; and sho kept tliem compressed as firmly as though she was in momentary ex pectation of some one trying it by force. In short, she was like a loaf of bread, both crusty and crumbly. Never was there such a triumph of mind over matter. Her niece, Tiney Reynolds, ' wa9 the — no, superlatives are absurd except in fiction ; in sober fact, she was not prettier than doz -ns of the English girls one meets with in every place in England, but s'oe was as pretty us most of them; and if you require more than that, you had better take a dose of opium, und evolve a beauty out of y--ur own brain ; I do not ltnow any other way of satisfying you. Her parents and sponsors had been so ill-advised ns to have ber christened Clementina, and as, of course, it was i npossible to address a child in so many syllables, had been puzzled afterwards what to call her. Clem was too much like clammy ; Tina suggested the mild form of scarlet fever ; and so they finally fixed upon Tiney. which sounded rather pretty for some years, but was a singularly inappropriate name for a well- developed young lady of five feet eight. She wa9 leaning hack in a low chair, listlessly ' engaged upon a piece of plain work, and by no means looking her best ; for there was a cloud upon her brow, and a dissatisfaction about her pretty mouth on that particular morning; and though infatuated boys may soraotimes think even a pout becoming/ mature men, especially if they are married, know better. Aunt Sarah sat bolt upright on the edge of a knotty garden-seat, working solemnly at a suck-cloth pinafore, and glancing every now and then over her spectacles at the silent beauty, three yards in front of her, witli a rather puzzled expression. "When she had paid her a visit before, some ten or twelve years previously, and had not appeared to be enjoying .herself, she had taken her to a . private room, and administered a slapping. But that was out of the question now ; any such at tempt' would have resulted in combat, and any one would have laid odds ou the young one. But Aunt Sarah could not leave the girl to come ; round naturally ; that was not in her politics. " I am afraid you do not like that plain work, Tiney," she nnggled. " 0 yes ; it does as well as any other," replied the niece. A pause. " Would you like mo to read to you?" pursued the hospitable aunt, charging in a fresh direction. " I have got a beeuti'ul book in the bouse : The Life nnd L"tters of the late Bishop of Chupattie.'" "If you like," replied Tiney with a yawn. " One needn't listen." A very deep carnation spread over Aunt Sarah's face, and she blew now and then, as if she were letting off 9team. It was a good ten minutes before she spoke ngain. " Are you ill?" " N-no." "Perhaps you have got a headache, and would like to lie down ?" A lady who is cross never owns that she is free from headache, so Tiney only remarked : " It is so hot. But this place is ccoler than my room." Another period of silence. " What is the matter with you, Tiney ? Why are you so dis agreeable ?" "Am I? Oh! I suppose, then, that it is my nature. But you cannot expect prisoners to be always laughing and rattling their chains." "Prisoners! Chains!" " People who are transported will feel low at times. Exiles pine, you know. If you whistle the Ranz dcs Vaclies to a Swiss gold-digger in Australia, lie commits suicide. Is not that the story ?" " If I pierce through the obscurity of your words sufficiently to understand your meaning, you insinuate a complaint of undue restriction," said Aunt Sarah. " This surprises and paina mo; for I have endeavoured to make your visit to me as pleasant ns I can. This is the third day from your arrival, and hitherto I have been eminently unsuccessful." " What is the good of talking like that, aunt ? As if I did not know that you wero in the plot !" " Plot ! Undutiful girl, I know of no plot. Your papa intimated to me- through the post that his business as a civil engineer would necessitate an immediate voyage to Canada; and requested me to receive you into my house during the period of his unavoidable absence." " And watch me, and spy upon me, and pre vent my posting letters, which you can't — I defy you ; or receiving letters, which you can — worse luck." "Ill-regulated girl ; it i9 not decent for a young lady to carry on a clandestine corres pondence." " And why am 1 to be buried in this hole ? Why could I not go to Fanny., as usual, when papa is called away ? I might have stopped comfortably in London with her till she went to Scarborough ; and 'I like Scarborough." " Whatever you may think, it is rude and im proper to call my residence a hole. And I fear that there are reasons only too cogent why London is no fit place for you to be left in ; while your nana knows well that vour sister Fanny would not contradict or exercise the slightest supervision over you, even if her time and attention were not so much taken up with her young family. In deed, it is much to be feared that she would con nive at your disobedience." " And so he came to you, and you consented at once to help him to destroy my happiness, and uiako me miserable for life 1 And then you expect me to thank you, and make-believe to love ybu !" " Not so " said Aunt Sarah. " I should like to see you more obedient and filial : but hypocrisy is a vice which is ever detestible !" Tins last sentence of her aunt's set Tiney thinking. Perhaps a little hypocrisy might pay. Herpover9 of wheedling were considerable, and had been ulmost invariably successful, for though her father proved stubborn on this present occa sion, it was almost the first time that she had failed iu moulding him to her will. Aunt Sarah was composed of stiff clay, hut she might per haps become plastic with scientific kneading. " Well, aunt," she said presently, " I am very wrong to he cross with you, for it is no fault of yours. But pupa is so very cruel and unreason able, arid I«am so very unhappy!" " Unhappi- nes9 i9 the necessary concomitant of disobedience to parents," enunciated Aunt Sarah, as if she werp. setting a copy in U to the National School. " Yes, aunt dear," replied Tiney ; " I know we should be dutiful, because it is so stated in the catechism ; but there must be some point at which we may stop, and think of our own in terests. I am sure that you, who are so strong- minded and sensible, can never think that we women should be slaves either to our fathers or our husbands. Papa was the first to ask him ; and quarrelled with him, for no fault of his but | because he was disappointed and angry with his father." " Him ?" observed Aunt Sarah, with a look in which ruffled modesty was blended with curiosity. And her niece told her love story. Miss Tiney was not deficient in love for her father, neither was she naturally undutiful ; but having lost her mother when very young, and been allowed her own way ever since, sho was certainly somewhat headstrong and impatient of control. But doubtless she hud been treated in a way which would have .excited a far milder spirit to rebellion. Mr Reynolds had had au old friend in the same profession ns himself, named Storer. Mr Storer bad a clever son, who in sisted on going into the army ; his father, who was anxiqus to have him for a partner, refused to buy liiin a commission ; Henry Storer (the younger) went in, therefore, to the examination for direct commissions, and did so wnli that they made him an engineer after all, only a military instead of a civil one. To struggle with hills ami rivers was in tlio Storer breed. Mr Rey nolds took a fancy to the young officer of en gineers, and asked him to his house whenever they were both in town ; and when Henry Storer ex tended his friendship from the father to the daughter, the former speraed pleased, and never hesitated to leave the young folks together. There bad not been any positive arrangement for marriage; but matters were pretty well understood between them ; that is, Ilenry Storer knew tiiat if he asked, and Tiney said No, she must, be an arrant coquette ; and Tiney knew that if Henry did not ask, bis behaviour would be shameful. Matters being in thi3 harmonious condition, the demon attached to the. household of the goddess of Discord, whose particular province it is to see that the course of true love should not run smooth (a gentleman, by the by. tc whom, in the name of all story-tpllers, past, present, and to come, we must tender our most hearty thanks), threw one of bis apples be tween the two fathers, aud they accordingly quarrelled. A slight allusion to the cause of quarrel will be sufficient. It was about a railway, which Mr Reynolds had been the first to suggest to a well- known capitalist, and , the construction of which was entrusted to Mr Storer. A foolish affair, arising out of a misunderstanding, which might have been explained in five minutes calm con versation. But, unfortunately, Mr Reynolds had a very explosive temper, and Mr Storer was proud and impatient, and they happend to meet while tbe former was smarting under the first sense of injury, which caused him to demand an explanation in a tono which prevented the othei from giving it, though it ha-1 not been five minutes before on the tip of his tongue. And so they came to high words, and were very un civil engineers to one another ; and when Mr Reynolds came home, he forbade his daughter Tiney ever to speak to llenry Storer ngain. " Wny?" said she. " Because I would sooner see you in your grave than married to the son of that scoundrel," he replied. Tiney tried coax ing ; for the first time without effect. Then she pouted, hut be remained firm. Lastly, she re belled, which was injudicious, as it put the father ou his guard, and caused him to place her safely with her Aunt Sarah before starting for Canada. Such a separation would have softened an ordinary father and daughter who werb fond of each other, but it was nothing to these — they were used to it. Mr Reynolds was perpetually rushing off to bring a wood, a mountain, or a river into subjection in some distant quarter of the globe, and Tiney had grown to regard such absences much as the family of a railway-guard do his daily journeys to and from some far off English town. The above is the Eubstance of what Tiney told at much greater length ; and then she burst out crying. " If your version of this unhappy affair be correct," said Aunt Saruh, in a soothing tone, which she employed when children in the infant school fell and hurt them selves, "all will come right in time. Your papa has a hasty temper, but it is not in his nature tn harbour resentment for any protracted period." " But, by this time he comes back, Hen Captain Storer may have gone anywhere, or have married' some one else!" "My dear 1 This excess of feeling, about n gentleman who is not related to you, i9 positively indelicate." " I can't help it, aunt. I'll never marry any one else 1" " Well ; and a life of celibacy is the happiest." Miss Tiney could not help thinking; "How do you know?" but'she did not utter any such rude ana impolitic words. She was not naturally of a melancholy temperament, and the shower of tears had cleared her atmosphere. So she set to work to see how much cheerfulness could be got out of her duenna. It was something like extracting sunbeams from a cucumber, but happily there was a topic id-Crocus Ordley just then, and they discussed that. An important topic ; this was Tuesday, and on the Thursday, Lord Ordley graciously intended to come of age. There were to be grand doings at the hull on the occasion, the most promising entertainment being a balloon. Not a fire- toy, but a real cl- md-ship, which was in the habit of taking scientific men and scientific instruments to appalling altitudes. The former were sometimes smashed, the latter invariably. This balloon was to he filled in the morning, and fastened to the earth by a rope, so that all who chose might make partial ascents, like cruel hoys having rides on a donkey tethered by the leg. But in the evening it was to be let loose, and an experienced aeronaut was to sail off in it. The oldest inhabitant had never seen a balloon. The younger inhabitants had never seen Miss Sarah Reynolds in a new bonnet, which was to be another feature in the fete, and it was one which proved a far more fruitful sub ject for discussion between the aunt and niece than any other. Let their conversation start from what poiut it liked, it always calhe back to that. The subject came home that afternoon, and not being quite perfect yet, was sent hack for some trifling alteration, with a message that Miss Reynolds would try it on finally at the sliop next day. So, after their early dinner on Wednesday, aunLand niece repaired to the milliner's in George- street, when the latter declared that the bonnet was as near an approach to a work of art as you could get out of London," and the former gra dually acquisced. " I only feur lest it should bo ton youthful for me," said Aunt Sarab, as they walked under the hot sun up tire hotter pavement. " Not a hit, aunt," replied Tiney ; " because you are not a baby, it is no reason why you should he a g " She was on the point of saying "a guy," but the word was arrested on her lips by the appearance of a young man dressed in a straw hat and brown liolland coat, who stood suddenly before them in the otherwise deserted street. " Allow me, madam to present you with a programme of the amusements to-morrow," said he, suiting the action to the word. " Thank you," said Aunt Sarah, accepting it. "And may I offer one to you?" Tiney could not trust herself to sppak iu reply ; hut she bowed, and took the printed paper, once folded, and iu which she knew right well there would be a letter, as, of course, there 'was. She was very silent, and slightly absent during the subsequent walk home ; and when they got there, she complained of head ache from the heart, and proposed laying down till tea; and she certainly locked the door of her room, which looked like napping; hut appear ances are deceitful, young ladies also. The young man in straw hat and brown liolland coat was Henry Storer, and the note ran thus: " Come, if possible, to the fete in Lord Ordley's park, and try to make one of the ' partial balloon ascents' when there is no one in the car but the man in charge of it. The owner of the balloon is my friend, and I shall be that man. It is of the utmost importance that I should speak to you alone.1' There was neither name nor initial at the beginning or end — nothing to compromise, in case of accident, and yet all clear. Aunt Sarah was astonished at my niece's high spirits that evening and on the following morning. It seemed surpri-ing. to bur that a girl who lived a good deal in London, and was used to gaiety, should be so much etcited by the prospect of a ) country merry-making. ' s Lord Ordley's twenty-first birthday dawned bright and clear, and though clouds gathered over the sun at mid-day, they remained veiy high, and there was no expectation of rain. It was the hottest day of a hot week, in spite of the obscuration of the sun's rays. ' The competitors who entered for the sack- race, the twenty-two I who played in the cricket-match, those who chased the soapy-tailed pig, und the sanguine clinthers of the greasy pole — :all persisted pro- fusedly. Of course, the balloon was the great point of attraction, as it swayed slowly about in the breezeless air like a gigantic porpoise, above a wondering crowd. But though all admired, few cared to go up in it as far a9 the' rope permitted, in spite of the earnest invitations of Captain Storer, who acted his part roost con scientiously ; so that, by the time Miss Reynolds and Tiney reached the spot, the adventurous spirits of Crocus Ordicy and its neighbourhood were exhausted, and there were no more candidates for an ascent. Tiney was too cunning to hit at an intention which would assuredly have met with opposition, but waited till her aunt was engaged in earnest discourse with the vicar, and then slipped quietly away, and stepped into the car, with the assistance of Henry Storer, who was awaiting her. " Let go !" he cried to the men who held it; and they rose slowly to 'the extent of their tether. The engineer, wasted no' time in making approaches in form. " Dearest Tiney," said he, directly they were above the heads of the crowd, i " will you marry me " Tne young lady sibilluted modestly. " At once ?" " Oh no ; that is impossible." " Why not ? You are of ng« next week, and no one can prevent it." " With out papa's consent ! Oh, that can never be." " Listen to me, Tiney, love. I have persuaded my father to write to Mr Reynolds a full explanation of the circumstances of the aff.ii-r which offended him. Tlio construction of that wretched railway was offered to my father by mistake, and he at once asked whether Mr Reynolds had been consulted, and declined giving a reply until that had been done. The directors will confirm this, and nil will he right." " Then why not wnit ?" " Because I am under orders for New Zealand, where I may ho kept for year9, and must sail before we should have time to communicate with your father and receive his reply. 0 Tiney, will you not go with me a9 my wife?" "My aunt would never consent, and would make such a fuss ! — 0 dear, whnt is the matter?" "Nothing, dearest! it is only the wind which has suddenly got up, and is blowing tlio balloon about a little. — Never mind your aunt ; we will go to London, and be married in your own church. Fortunately, my lodgings are in the same parish,- and there need be no delay tn establish residence. You can stay with your sister Fanny till the day you are twenty-one — next Tuesday, is it not?" "Yes. But, 0 dear, how the balloon does jerk at the rope 1" " Never fear, love ! I will call to the men to pull us down in ono moment. — But just say what day you will leave this, and I will have a carriage and post-horses " He ' was ar rested by a Inuil snap, and a cry of dismay and terror from tlio crowd below. The rope had broken 1 Tiney, peeping down in terror from the car, saw a white mass of upturned face9, amongst which she distinguished thut of her aunt, wlin had also raised her hands, and who looked so dreadfully shocked, that even the peril of her strange situation could not prevent a slight sense of the ludicrous tinging the fears of her undutiful niece. Indeed, the idea of a fellow-female sailing off into space alone with a 9trange man, drowned all consideration of mere danger to life and Jimb in the breast of Aunt Sarah. Had she known that the man was not strange, but an affianced lover, and an officer to boot, she would probably have become petrified. It was but a momentary glance that Tiney had of the crowd below, for the balloon shot up like an arrow, while the rising breeze carried it at tlio sanio time in a westerly direction. She turned giddy, and threw herself down at the bottom of the car. Storer exerted himself to soothe her fears, and after a time lie partially succeeded. She was naturally a courageous girl, and his protection wa9 very re assuring; siie thought him such a wondeiful fellow." " At least," said she, when she hail grown calmer, " we shall die together!" "Die! What nonsense !" cried he. " This looks like a wonderful piece. of good luck. See ! the breeze is blowing us towards London. Is not that like fatality ?" " But how are ever we to com.e down ?" " Oh, balloons always come down. You don't throw out ballast, and you open the valves, and there you are. " Hive you opened the valves ?" " Not yet ; it is not time." He did not tell her that lie had not yet found out how to do it. And then they positively spooned a little. It is my firm belief that if the future Mrs Jonah had been swallowed with the prophet, they would have been sentimental even in that situation. But external influences soon stopped the Henry-Tiney hilling ; the balloon did absurd things ; it rocked and rolled- like a ship at sea ; and then it spun like a top, so that nausea supervened. At sunset, a thunderstorm, which had been brewing all tho afternoon, burst around them. It was very grand, hut they got soaked; and dread lest the object of his nff-ctions should catch cold set Henry to work at trying tn open the valves in real earnost. He had shirked it before, with a natural ri'DUonance to risking anything at such a height above the ground. It is alarming enough to pull a string when ynu know that nothing but a douche of water will come of it ; to perform the operation in a state of uncertainty as to what will happen, and ia a balloon, must be most trying. However, Henry Storer found the strings, and pulled them, with no worse result than an in creased tendency to sink, for they had been gradually coming down for some time. And so, to cut the story short, nbout ten o'clock p.m., the balloon sank down close to the ground, where it acted in a most tantalising way, seemingly un able to make up his mind whether to stop on earth or take another turn in the clnuds. For tunately, the wind had moderated again, but still they went tearing over the fields, and -through trees and hedges, at a most unpleasant, and in deed dangerous pace ; Storer fishing oil the time with a grapnel. He tore the thatch off a rick or two; pulled down a stack of chimneys; hooked a bull (who roared rather, but got away), and then at lust the' upparutus got a firm hold of tlio framework of a conservatory in . a gentleman's garden, and the balloon was dashed with some violence to the ground, tumbling out the occu pants of the car in a very summary way. " Are yon hurt, dearest ? " "No. Are you?" "Not a bit. What a to-do the balloon is making with the glass 1 We iiad better get out of this, or perilous they will make us pay." So they stole quietly out of the garden, leav ing the balloon to manage for itself, and short I v afterwards found a village, where they got a fi which took them to a railwuy station, and an up- train arriving at a most fortunate time, Tiney slept that night at her sister Fanny's house at Bayswater. She wiote to her aunt Sarah next day, to assure her of her safety ; she was shaken she said, but hoped to be quite well and able to travel in a day or two. And so sho was, and proved it by journeying into the state of matri mony. A couplo of months later, a letter arrived from Mr Reynolds, removing the interdict from Henry Storer, and explaining that lie himself hud been hasty and in the vyrong. It was sent after Tiney, who was well on her way to New Zealand by that time. " Really, papa, dear," said Mrs Storer in her reply, " it may have seemed very bad of me to forestall your consont, though I did know it would come some time. But, you see, the adventure took me so by surprise : how could one expect to be flown away with ! " The Rothschilds. — We have to announce the decease of the last surviving son of the original founder of the great hnuse of Rothschild, who breathed his la3t in Paris, where he had resided for fifty-six years, on Sunduy, November 15\. Jame9, Baron de Rothschild was the fifth son of Meyer Anslem Rothschild, and wa9 born in Frankfort-on-tlie-Main, in 1792. He became the head of the Paris branch of the house ol Rothschild at the time of peace of 1812. A few years later he was appointed Consul-General ol the Austrian Empire in France. The restoration of the French monarchy led to his being con stantly called upon by the Government to aid ic re-establishing the finances .of the kingdom, and crowds of returned emigres sought his assistance in matters connected with their newly recovered estates. He was named the " Lender to Kings." In tho year 1830, after the ctdebrated days <>f July, B iron do Rothschild subscribed 12,000 francs for the wounded in tho threo days' struggle, and under the government of Louis I'hillipe, he largely increased his operations in various directions, both to his own benefit and that of the nation. He was security for Messrs. Pereire for the construction of the railway of St. Germain, and afterwards undertook with them the moro difli-nlt nnd extensive enterprise of tho " Chemin de For du Noid," from which ho reaped a large profit. He became unpopular in France towards the close of the reign of Louis Piiillipe, and numerous attacks were made upon him in pamphlets, the effects of which were not removed by all the replies he could make. ITius it happened that in tho outbreak of the revolution of 18-13 the mob took occasion to attack and pillage his chateau of Suresnes. Notwithstanding this act of violence he remained in Paris under the advice of the revolutionary leader, M. Cau9sidiere, who protected his hotel. He sent tn the sufferers by the revolution the sum of 50,000 francs, and got up magnificent illumina tions in honour of the new republic. On the re- establ'shment of order ho resumed his financial operations, but was not so extensively engaged in national finance has he had been under the for mer regime. The service rendered him by M. Caussidiere he is said to have repaid a short time afterwards by advancing to that gentleman, who was compelled to take refuge in England, a sum sufficient to enable him to commence business in London. Biron James de Rothschild was a_ Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour, and was also decorated with a great number of foreign orders. He married his niece, the daughter of his brother Solomon, and became a widower in i the year 1856. The year 1855 was a sad one ; for the family of Rothschild, for three of the ; sons of the founder died in that year. Charles at Naplps, on tho 10th March ; Solomon, of Vienna, in Paris, on the 27th July ; and Anselm, the head of the parent house of Frankfort, also in Paris, on the 8th December. Nathan, the. founder of the English house, died in 1830. The deceased baron was a munificent benufactor to hi3 own race. He founded the new synagogue und the great hospital in the Rue Picpus, which the Jew3 call usually by lii3 name, and was also a liberal donor to many other charities. He was said to be tho wealthiest member of the Rothschild family, and is succeeded in' his wealth and honours by his son, the Baron A'phnnse de Rothschild, who i3 a naturalised Frenchman, and who married, in the year 1857, his cousin, the daughter of his father's nephew, Baron Lionel Nathan de Rothschild, of London. Tiif, Ku Ivlux Klan — A despatch received from L<ttl« Rock, Arkansas, says : — " On October 2d, while Captain Willis, bureau agent. Captain Porter Andrews, Captains Prosser, and Sheriff S'undle were en route to Rocky Comfort, in Little River County, they were fired upon by the TCii Klux. who were concealed in the bush. Captain Andrews and Willis wore killed, and the Sheriff was badly wounded. Before the band left, a negro came along, who was killed. Not far from this place th»y met another negro and killed him. Captain Scott, senator, from that county, is in great danger, and the loyal citizens have turned nut to protect him." A despatch from Memphis to district headquarters asks General Smith to send twenty men to Marion, Arkansas, immediately, and odds that if this, is not done, there will hardly be a loyul man left in the county. Six men have been murdered in Crittenden in two nights, and others shot for attempting to bury them. The Emi'Kror Napoleon's Health. — The apprehensions entertained us to the health of the Emperor Napoleon seom to be well-founded. " Not only," says one of our correspondents, " did he not mount on horseback and follow the hounds at the grand hunt the other day, at Comp:Cgne, but, contrary to his usual practice, he accepted assistance while getting into and alighting from his carriage. At the shooting party one could see that he walked with great difficulty and seeming lameness, dragging his legs, which were spread rather wide apart, after him as it were, and with his arm9 held out to steady his movements. On the evening of tho cuies a chair was placed for him on tho balcony of the chateau, on which lie continued seated until the conclusion of the affair, although the Empress and Princess of Wales were both standing. At the performance at the theatre, too, a night Ur two afterwards, he sat with his head bent forward on his chest the whole time, seemingly perfectly inattentive to everything that was going ou." v Mr Gladstone's " Chapter of Auto biography." — The Pall Mall Gazelle observes : — " Mr Gladstone has done many characteristic things in the course of his life, but we doubt whether lie has ever done anything more characteristic than the publication of a chapter of autobiography' in tho very heat of 11 contested election, and by way of a contribution to its literature. Though characteristically lengthy, not to say long-winded, the substance of the pamphlet is short enough, and is this : — ' It is desirable that public men should be as consistent as possible. It is, however, impossible that any man in these days should retain precisely the same opinions at every stage of his life ; but his changes ought to he lione3t and wise. In 1838 I wrote a hook about Church and State, which maintained emphatically that the. Irish Church might to be kept ui>; and as I now propose thut the Irish Church Establish nient should bo pulled down, I wish to explain the extent and character of the change which lias come over my view9. I thought in 1838 that it was the duty of the State, which in my opinion had a conscience, to propagate religmus truth. I also thought that the creed of the Irish Church was religious truth, for which reason it ought to be upheld by the nation at large for the benefit of the Irish penplp. As time went on, I perceived that public men did not share and would not act on my views as to the duty of the State to propagate religious truth. On the contrary, they endowed Maynooth in 1845. This step was indefensible if my theory was right, and though I was beginning to think that my theory was wrong and my party right, yet I gave up office rather than make a change in my1, own favour. I acted like a woman who, because the man to whom she is engaged is unfortuuate, refuses to break off an engagement of which she repents apart from his mis fortunes. I became convinced by the course of i events, and especially by tho Maynooth grant, that my theory had been wrong, and I felt that the abolition of the Irish Church was a ques tion of time. However, 1 did not feel called upon to make an attack upon it. I thought it might as well have a chance, or a day of grace, but I was so much impressed with my new views that when I contested Oxford in 1847, 1 would not pledge myself to stand by the Church. More over, in 1351, in the debate on the Ecclesiastical | Titles Bill, I used language which showed that I had in my mini the principles which havonnw led t» my disestablishment resolutions. In 1865 I made a speech which was regarded by Mr Wliito- side as intended to be fatal to I lie Church when tho opportunity should arise, but my views upon the subject were not then matured. I thought t> e Irish Bishops would have to ha kept in the House of Lords, and I ulso thought that the question might not arise in iny time, ami it seem ed a long way off. I now think that the time has come for deuling with the subject for reasons often assigned in public." Tub Small- Pox in Victoria.— Owing to the long continued pcrsistenca of some or the mctlicnl men in tho stntemcnt that tho disease recently in troduced nmnngst us was not small-pox, no pre cautions havo been taken to secure the isolation of those persons who have been under incdiual treat ment nut of Melbourne. Wo are informed that at Groensbnrough tho lad Summer nnd others have been going about with tho pimples still showing visibly on their faca. At this stno of the disease, ns is well known, tho risk of contagion is greater than when the patient is ill enough to ha kept to his bed. Other cases, wo apprehend, will yet bo heard of nt Greonsbornugh, nri-dng from thia neglect of keeping separate patients recovering from thoir attacks. Tlio following is a copy of a latter forwarded this day to the linn, the Chief Secretary, regarding tho smnll-pox at Grcons- borough : — " Richmond. 22nd Jnnnnry. IfiliO. Sir. — I linvo the honour to enclose n report of cases of small-pox at Grecnsborough. which nppeared in this morning's Age. As tho progress of -tho cases proves tho disease highly contagious and in fectious. I request the favour that ynu would kindly issue an order on the Government mediral stores for a sufficient amount of the ordinary dis infectants to bo far warded to Greonshnrough. to ho used for tho prevention of any further spread of small-pox. I havo the honour to bo, sir. your most obedient sorvnnt. Curnkliub Stewart. Tj.F.P.S. The Lion, the Chief Secretary, Melbourne." As this scourge will probably extend itself tn Now Smith Wales, any information respecting the mode adopted in Urent liritain tor encoring it win ne read with interest here. Wo (Melbourne Ilerahl ) havo had handed to us for publication the follow ing copy of n letter forwarded to tho Chief Secretary by Dr. Howie. As the information con tained in the letter may bo of service in any dis trict where small-pox mny make its appearance, wo givo tho letter in full. Now that it is definitely ascertained that small-pax is amongst us. nnd tho patients are to be seen pitted and scarred, tho most soeptioal will allow that all measures for preventing tlio spread of the disease should be taken promptly and energetically. Dr. Bowie's plan has tho benefit of not being an ex periment merely, but a well-tested nnd successful means to this end: — "To tlio Hon. the Chief Secretary. Sir,— I havo the honour to stnte, for your information, that during the prevalence of cholera in f J runt Britain I found a plan which I recommended to tho General Board of Health, and which was adopted by tlint body, and oarried into effect in numerous instances under my super vision and directions, with grent success in arrest ing tho f rngress of the disease, nnd in tho treating of tho patients. It wa9 removing families from dwellings where cholera was present, hut leaving the sick to be treated nt home, attended by ooin- petnnt nurses —strangers, or meinhcrs of tlio family, if they could bo trusted. Among other measures had recourse to. I c.aasnd all external and nlfensivo matters to bo immediately removed nnd buried, or wliero that could not he done with out disagreeable or hurtful effluvia being emitted, to envor them quickly with earth and qaioklimo . until tlio pestilcnco had passed away. Were a similar plan to be adopted, aided by suoh a prophylactic as cow-pox, T am of opinion small pox would anon disappear for a tinio at. least from the colony. 1 havo seen sevoralcas.es of small-pox at Grecnsborough. and I have heard of precautions taken to prevent tho spread of that disonse ; hut I havo never seen them, nor has anyone elso of whom I mndo enquiry. I may mention that it consists with my own knowledge that tho lad Summers, who conveyed tho small-pox from Mel bourne to Grecnsborough, dined, as did also his father, in the bouse and with tho family of a resi dent in Northcoto, about a week or ten days agn. while his face was described by a young man who had seen liiin previously sit ing on tlio roadsido, as " smothered " with nimples. I heard of another caso. a boy named Mills, who was re fused admission into a storo two or threo miles distnnt from his homo. Such liberty to wander nbout I c insider most dangerous, for it is well known that during the stage of cxsicoation or diet— quimation tho risk from contagion is very groat. Wero a few tonta supplied, and a spot separated from infected localities selected for tho reception of families and convalescent patients. I have no hesitation in saying the plan I havo mentioned might be carried into effect speedily nnd safely. I have tho honour to ho. sir. your most obedient and humble servant. Ron but Bowie. Nnrtlionto road, Kilssroy. 22nd January. 18'i'J. P.S. — I havo the honour further tn intimate that I wns happy to lenrn that tho modienl practitioner from Heidel berg was. while I was in Grennsborongh to-day, engag-d in vaccinating applicants. This is tho first snnitary step that has been taken. Had it heen nny oilier niGtlioal practitioner ilmn the Ghief Medical Officer. I would havo heen surpiied to lenrn that a patient of my own had been com pelled to swallow an emetic administered by that gentleman warranted by Government. I cer tainly do not consider his addition to my treat ment any improvement, neithor wns my patient rendered more comfortablo. It. Bowie, 23rd January. 18fi9." Osrnicit Fkatitkrs.— On Thursday last Mr Gommell, of the firm nf Messrs. Gemmell, Tucket, and Co.. offered a number of ostrich feathors from the birds of the AoelimatRation Society. Royal Park. The feathers, taking them as feathers, nre inferior to those prepared and drossed in Hnglnrid, from the fact that tlio " tips' nre defective.' being cither damaged or broken off at tho extreme end, thereby losing tho graceful p'unio that is seen to such' advantage floating over the heads of Rnglish heautios who nre presented at her Majesty's drawing-rooms in the Court of St. James's. Almost fabulous prices have been given for ostrich feathers, nnd it is said tlioy nre worth about 50/. the I lb. weight, and at present the imported ones are valued nbout 23s. or 30s. each. Those sold bv Mr Gemmell, however, only realised 9s. Od, for tlio single one dressed, and undressed 2s. a bundle of about n dozen, whilst others went as low as Od. enoh. — Melbourne Herald. Spurious Bank Notes. — Mr John nunt has recently heen victimised by tnking n spurious bonk nolo. Tho note purports to bo drawn by " Tlio Australian Wool Company" on the " Royal Bank of Austrnlin, Sydney," is not dated, and is in favour of hoarer at — months after dnto. for one pound. Worthless, however, ns it is, it so closely resembles a genuine bank note that it would easily pass oven in daylight without a oareful inspection. We would suggest to persons in business tho necessity of being on tho look-out Tor other notes of tho kind that mav bo in circalation.- [?] began Age. 