MOEPETH AND HINTON. BEGATTA. The following are the entrances that have been made for the regatta, which is to take place on Monday, on the Hunter River, between Morpeth and Hinton : FirstL Race.-For Toutha under l8, pulling a pair of sculls in dingies not exceeding 14 feet ou keel. John Fsgao (Imp), blae and white. Stephen Stanbridge (Ghost), white. Second Hace.-For bona fide Amateurs in watermen's skins. John Fagan (Alerte), blue and white. Arthur Tillott (Postboy), red and blue. James Ford (Galatea), blue and white sash. Third Race.-Fishermen s race : No entrances. Fourth Race.-For All Comers, pulling two pair of sculls, in light watermen's skiffs, with coxswain. Richard Hickey and John Dennett (Postboy), green : cox- swain. Bichard Hughes Ä. and J. Campbell (Galaica), white, coxswain. George Cvopbell. Fifth Äace.-For all settlers above Raymond Terrace, in hona fide settlers' boats, pulling a pair of oara with coxswain. Darid Clarke and : G*»^ Cook OblsUeX -white t «ne swain. W. U'Phereoo, W. Junor and J. Ford (Gewu Annie), blue and white, coxswain,-. i Sixtb Race -For AH Comer», w-bt»handicapped, pulIiDg a pair of oara in watermen's skins, or boats classed as such, with coxswain. ' K. Hickey and J. Dennett (Postboy), green. coxswain. Kichard Hughes. ^ i B.aod J. Campbell (Galatea), whit*; coxswain. George Campbell. | Seventh Race.-For bona fide Amateurs, pull- ing a pair of oars in light watermen's ßkiSa. with coxswain. W. Junor and J. Ford (Postboy), blue and «bite, cox Eighth Race.-Four-oared Race, for boats be- longing to the companies and the dredge, with coxswain. MXirdy. TiOott, Dennett, and Hite (Paterson), coxswain, Buckley. Ninth Race.-Canoe race, for canoes propelled by band paddles. Brookes. Dock, red. Fepperdlne. Sweep of the Swamp, green. Duggan. Slim Jim, white* The remainder of the races are post entrance, and as will be seen by advertisement elsewhere, entrances for those races which have not filled according to the rules will be received at Mr. Boarke's, Caledonian Hotel, Morpeth, up to a quarter to ten on Monday, the day of the regatta. 