LOCAL NEWS. " THE EVENING SERVICE BOOK."-This little work, a manu ii of sacred music, intended for the use of choirs in connection with the Roman Catholic Church, is compiled and ar- ranged by Mr. James P. Broderick, of West Maitland. It consists of the Psalms and hymns (in Latin) as used at the Vesper services, the Psalms being pointed for chaunting in a manner at once novel and effective, the oassura being | indicated by an apostrophe, and the accented syllables are printed in capital letters. At the head of each psalm or hymn is a blank staff, in which the chorister can fill in his own part, sufficient space being allowed for the whole of the chant or hymn required. In a typographical point of view the work has been well got up, and reflects credit on the printer, Mr. Edwin Tipper, of the Ensign printing office. THE DISTANCE FROM SYDNEY TO LONDON AS THE CROW FLIES.-A correspondent of the Bombala Times works out au elaborate calcula- tion to show the distance in a curved line from Sydney to London, which he makes out to be 9166 nautical miles, and observes :-" Were it possible for a traveller to follow the track of this great circle, he would have to naas through several countries and over different seas in the following order :-From Sydney across Australia in a north N. westerly direction to the coast near the Victoria river, the Indian ocean, east of Melville Island, cross Timor, the Banda Bea, the northern part of the Celebes, the Straits of Macassar (north of Java sea), cross the Equator in Borneo, the Chinese sea, south-east coast of Cochin China, part of the Birman empire, the east part of Hindostán, Himmalah mountains, into Thibet, the sea of Aral, north of the Caspian sea, southern Russia, north of Austria into Prussia, south part of the Baltic, Denmark, North Sea into the English ohannel." PROPOSED BRIDGE ATKALOUDAH.-Amongst the matters \o which the attention ok the Minister for Works was calle! on JPdipday, hy the members of the JjaeputaBn^U^'from the Hunter district, afpr tbJf^TJö&icipal; business was concludedP was V*§%f appli- cation from the inhabitant! of Luljçptyre and adjacent localities for better accommouroon than at present exists for the traffic across tfie Hunter at Kaloudah. We understand that Mi. Suther- land intimated to Mr, Burns, byfwhom the matter was brought under his notice, that it was his intention to place a sum on the estimates, for whatever amount may be required for the construction of a bridge at the place mentioned, where it appears there is now a causeway, which is of but little real service for the purpose in- tended.-S. M. Herald, Aug. 13. THE NORTHERN AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIA- TION SHOW.-The general advertisement calling attention to this Show, and the advertisement requesting all wine exhibits^to be in the hands of the treasurer before Äursday next, 19th August, were "both accidentally omitted in the Mercury of Saturday lasjf for which paper they had been ordered. They will be found in another column. The Show takes place on Thursday, 26th August' inst., at Singleton, and our cor- respondent writes that it promises to be a most successful one, in every respect, FARMING OPERATIONS.-The labours of farmers are principally devoted at the present time to the preparation of the ground for maize and potatoes, and, in the lucerne-growing dis- tricts, to the making of hay. We suppose that, owing to the unusually temperate season, more hay has been made this winter than could have been possible in past years when the winter was severe. That the season is a mild one can be seen by a mere glance at any agri- cultural landscape, the lucerne is growing vigorously, and looks the perfection of healthy vegetation, while the young wheat and potatoes are equally prosperous, * and give promise of future abundant yields. This remark applies rather to the wheat than to the potatoes, however, for in most localities the old crop has just been dug, and the new one is in process of planting, so that the tender growth will be exposed to the cold weather that usually marks the close of winter and the com- mencement of spring. Still, where there are young potatoes they look well. About Lochend and in the direction of Brooks' Flat, the opera- tions we have indicated are proceeding vigorously, and we learn, too, that many persons are also putting in vines in this locality, so that in two or three years, some material additions will have been made to the number of our vineyards. It is almost j too early to apprehend any manifestation of rust in the wheat crops, and " sufficient for " the day is the evil thereof;" at present every- thing seems to warrant the fairest hopeB, in whatever direction we look. With lucerne growing throughout the winter almost aa rapidly as in warm weather, and with bright prospects for the coming season, the condition of the far- mer is certainly better this year than it has been for some time, and we-willing to look afc the most encouraging side of things and to hope for the best-do not despair of seeing the valley of the Hunter once more vindicate its claim to the title of " the garden of New South Wales." A PROTECTION WANTED.-There is a sharp turn in the road from Largs township to the Pitnacree Bridge, caused by the divergence of the new road from the old'line, which used to run along the river bank. The straight run of the road therefore terminates almost at the edge of the bank, which is here very precipitous, being divided from it only by a stone embank- ment, which extends for some distance either way, crossing the old road. Thus, if a horse were to bolt in a straight run, it must, unless it was sufficiently manageable to be turned into the new road, or unless it could be stopped in time, go over the embankment, and down the steep bank, and into the river ; for owing to the position of the embankment it would be as dangerous to attempt to turn into the old road, as to let matters take their course, and risk a baulk at the embankment as the only chance of safety. The protection of a fence along the end of the road, inside the embank- ment, is urgently needed, or sooner or later it will fall to our lot to record some terrible acci- dent resulting from inattention to this necessity. FUNERAL OF LORD BERTRAND GORDON. The funeral of'this young nobleman, who died on Tuesday last, at the, residence of the Hon. Henry Moore, M.L.C, took place yesterday. The remains of the deceased were buried at the Newtown Cemetery. The funeral, although private, was attended by many members of both Houses of the Legislature and other gentlemen of influential position in the city. Lord Bertrand Gordon was the third son of the tenth Mar- quis of Huntley, and brother to the present Mar- quis. He was bom in the year 1850. He was also cousin to Messrs. A. Hood, and F. H. Dud- ley Pegus, of this city.-S. M. Herald, Aug. 13. LORD SOMERVILLE.-Lord Somerville has not been in the enjoyment of good health since his return to England from Australia. His Lordship is at present staying at Leamington. Court Journal, June 5. THE REPUTED DIAMOND-Mr. Townsend, the owner of the supposed monster diamond from New England, which has been lying at the Sydney Branch of the Royal Mint Bince Tues- day evening last, under circumstances adverted to at length in our last issue, went to the Mint yesterday morning, accompanied by Mr. Bowden, of the firm of Allen, Bowden, and Allen, solici- tors to the Bank of New South Wales, when the stone was delivered to them, according to the directions of the Government, by the Mint authorities. The supposed diamond, without the bag in which it was placed at Tamworth having been opened, was then taken to the Bank of New South Wales, and there deposited; so that it is yet " in ohancery," and no steps, as we understand, have yet been taken to submit it to scientific investigation. In fact, nobody in Sydney has yet seen it, BO that even an approxi- mate estimate of its genuineness or value cannot be arrived at. It remains deposited at the Bank of New South Wales, pending the settle- ment of the matters in dispute between the A.S.N. Co., the Government charge per escort, and the original owners-that is, Mr. Townsend and those in whose interests he was pursuing his search after precious stones when he dis- covered the supposed diamond. In the mean- time, however, negotiations have been entered into by Mr. Butters and other gentlemen from Melbourne, with Mr. Townsend and his friends, for the purchase of the supposed diamond ; and the stone has been sold conditionally, so far as a chattel oan be sold without delivery. Mr. Townsend and his friends are to receive £500 down on delivery of the stone unopened in its package, whether valuable or worthless ; with a further sum of £10,000 if it proves to be a dia- mond, and in addition one- tenth share of what- ever it may realise when sold.-Empire, -Aug. 14. QUICK DESPATCH.-The H. R. N. S. N. Co's steamship Paterson has just completed two trips from the Hunter River, with large cargoes, in the short space of thirty-one hours and a half. She left Newcastle on Friday at 6.30 p.m., with 108 bales hay, 20 bales wool, 41 bags bran, 46 packages bacon, 91 hides, and 94 packages general produce ; arrived in Sydney at lam. on Saturday, discharged the above, and cast off from the wharf at 4 a m. on a flying trip. She reached Morpeth at 1 p.m., took in 271 bales hay, 12 bales wool, 20 bundles skins, and was again underway 4.25 p.m.; cleared Nobby's at 7.15 p.m., and berthed alongside the Company's wharf at 2 a.m. on Sunday.-Herald of Monday. THE LATE MR. PLUNKETT-The following is a copy of a despatoh from the Principal Secre- tary of State for the Colonies, relating to the offer of the honour of Companion of the Order of St. Michael and St, George, which it had been intended to confer on the late Mr. John Hubert Plunkett :-" Downing-street, 18th June, 1869. My Lord,-In reviewing the claims to distinc- tion of various colonists, I have been led to con- sider those of Mr. John Hubert Plunkett, who it appears for a series of years rendered valuable services to the Government and the public in New South Wales. I have submitted his name to the Queen as worthy to receive the honour of Companion of the Order of St. Michael and St. Georgeiand with her Majesty's sanction, I have to autnftise your Lordship to offer that distinc- tion Jsjpllr. Plunkett. I have tho honour tobe, my LWd, your lordship's most obedient humble servant, GRANVILLE. TO the Right Honorable the Earl of Belmore, ¿ko. ¿fee "-Herald, Aug. 14. G&E; NEW BISHOP OF GRAFTON AND ARMI- DALE -The Right Rev. Dr. Turner, the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, with Mrs. Turner and the Rev. T. Farrer, chaplain, arrived yester- day by the ship Commissary, from London. Herald, Aug. 14. NEW PROCESS OF TANNING.-We were, during the last week, shown some really beauti- ful wallaby skins, from the Little River, tanned by juice obtained from the apple tree. Skins so prepared, are, in our opinion, far superior to thojPtanned under the old process, the furs of th^f&ifferent; animals retaining their natural beMy. We are informed that the honor of the diswrery is due to Mr. D. Houison, the Road SuSrintendent, who has a number of skins so tanled by him at his camp, in whioh neighbour- hood the kangaroo and wallaby abound.-Ciar encß Examiner, Aug. 10. DEATH OF MR. JOHN O'NEILL BRENAN. Mr. John O'Neill Brenan, who for some time past had filled the office of Crown Prosecutor for the northern district, and who was well known in Grafton, died on Wednesday last, at his late residence, Geraldine Cottage, near Bal- main, having been ailing for many months pre- viously, aged forty-seven.-Clarence Examiner, Aug. 10. QUARTER SESSIONS.-It is notified in the Gazette of Friday that Courts of Quarter Ses- sions will be held-at Maitland, on the 9th September ; Singleton, on the 28th September ; Muswellbrook, on the 13th October; Scone, on the 15|j||Ootober ; and Murrurundi, on the 28th OpoBer. District Courts will be held at Wttfßjinbi, on the 2nd October, and West ¡ Kempt|§|'on the 9th September. PRMfflapnvE LEASES.-The Gazette of Fri day cobains a list of persons whose claims for pre-emptive leases in various parts of the colony iuvejbeen approved by the Government. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.-Tenders are re- quired for additions, &c;, to court- house, Port Macquarie.-Gazette, Aug. 13. * BLOOD STOCK FOE AUSTRALIA.-It is stated i in the English papers that at the Middle Park sale of yearlings on June 12, the following lots were^purebasedby Mr. Pangar for exportation to Australia :-Ch c by Gladiateur out of Celér- rima, by Stockwell ; foaled March 7-450 gui- neas. B f by Dundee out of Cygnet, by Alarm ; foaled Feb. 16-115 guineas. Ch f by King John out of Dianri, by Bantam ; foaled April 10 -70 guineas. The colt by Gladiateur is thus described by a spwting contemporary :-He is a chestnut with a blaze lace, taking after his dam and grandsire in colour, but with much of the character of his sire in his immense length and fine symmetry. He^ however, has a fjult in his short and "stumpy" looking pasterns, and rather small feet to sustain the weight of what will be a large horse (probably over 16 hands) when he has done growing. This colt was put in at 200 and finally reached 450 guineas. The filly by Dundee the same authority speaks of as "a very useful looking filly."- Western Post, Aug. 13. GHOST STORY.-Among the sensational in- telligence we have received of late may be classed the following, which, we are informed, some four or five persons are prepared to swear to : Some few weeks ago Mr. Dowling, of Kempsey, and a son of Mrs. Stanford, named Frederick, were camped on the Uppe£ Macleay at Five-day Creek. Early in the morning the latter went to drive in the bullocks, when he saw a man riding along on a grey horse. He spoke to him, and receiving no answer, spoke again in a louder tone. To this no notice was taken, when he jode close to the stranger, and called out loualy, asking bim who he was and where he was going. The horseman is reported to have looked round, given a sort of grunt, and ridden away* full gallop. Either before or after, the same spectre is said to have been seen by an- other person-a sawyer-and on being hailed and spoken to, it made for the creek, which was flooded bank high, rushed the horse into the stream, and landed safely on the other side. It is then said to have gone up the opposite range at full speed. This unknown horse and horse- man are to be seen'only during the night, or very early in the morning. Another night the dogs attached to the bullock dray kept up a con- tinuous bark, and on Mr. Dowling getting up to see what was the matter, he saw a small whitish looking dog running away. All these state- ments are given to us aB facts, and we are thus led to place them before our readers. There is a rumour that a party is being organised to visit Five-Day Creek to test the truth of the report. -Macleay Herald, Aug. 9. PARISH ROADS.-Plans and books of reference, showing the intended lines of the roads under- mentioned, have been deposited at the police offices named below ; objections, if any, should be sent in within one month from the 13th August :-At Grafton, a road through T. C. Skinner's (now J. M'Farlane's) 44 acres, and J. M'Laughlan's 40 acres 2 roods, county of Clarence ; at West Kempsey, from the Village Reserve at Hyde's Fails up the Bellinger River, to the south-east corner of R. Lavender's 154 aores conditional purchase, county of Raleigh ; at Lawrence, from the north boundary of P Phipps (now D. M'Millan's) 40 acres, along the west side of Chatsworth and Harwood Islands, to the east boundary of G. Martin's. 100 acres, with a branch to the south-west corner of Owen Colman's 40 acres, county of Clarence ; at St. Alban's, from Phillip Gould's 40 acres, at the head of Mangrove Creek, to the Bullock Wharf, (Mangrove), with three roads, branching re- spectively, 1, to P. Gould's 80 acres, 2, to the Wollombi and Wiseman's Ferry Road, 3, up Warren Warren Creek to J. Ellem's 40 acres conditional purchase, and a loopline at J. Ever- ingham's (now trustees of J. Ferguson's) 80 acres ; at Gosford, from Daviston to the Gosford and Kincumber Road; and at Walgett, from Joseph Aaron's 50 acres conditional purchase, at Merri Merri Creek, towards the Wammerawa or Macquarie, counties of Gregory and Clyde, district of Bligh -Gazette, Aug. 13. DISTRICT REGISTRARS AND CLERKS OÏ PETTY SESSIONS.-The Gazette of Friday con- tains a list of 23 plaoes where clerks of petty sessions have been appointed registrars of births, marriages, and deaths, in place of the officers before holding these appointments. Included are the following :-Armidale-Mr. Sydney Blythe, »ice Mr. W. H. Mutlow ; Murrurundi Mr. G. G. Brodie, vice Mr, H. Wheeler ; Port Stephens-Mr. H. Samson, vice Mr. H. Skill man ; Patrick's Plains-Mr. W. Dudding, vice Mr. C. Poppenhagen ; Grafton-Mr. W. H. Becke, vice Mr. T. Bawden ; Mudgee-Mr. E. Ryan, vice Mr. S. H. Barnes. These appoint- ments bear date from the 2nd instant. PARISH ROADS OPENED.-The undermen- tioned parish roads are now open for public use :-An extension of the Yellow Rock Road, from L. Duguid's (now H. O'Brien's) 7112 aores to the west boundary of H. O'Brien's 506 acres; and an alteration in the Great North Road, at T. Cook's 190 acres near Tamworth. Gazette, Aug. 13. COMMONAGE AT MUDGEE.-The Borough Council of Cudgegong have been appointed trustees for commonage at Mudgee.-Gazette, Aug. 13. To DESTROT COCKROACHES.-Li reply to a correspondent who was desirous of ascertaining the best way to banish these pests we (& M. Herald) have received several remedies. One writer says:-"Powdered borax, sprinkled in the runs of the cockroaches, will exterminate them in a short time. The runs must be made perfectly clean and free from dust before the borax is applied." Another writes :-" A little phosphoric paste put down the holes of the floor will effectually get rid of them. Care should be taken not to leave any of the pills about, for fear of domestic animals, for the paste is poisonous." A third says :-" Take of oatmeal, sugar, and plaster of paris, equal parts, put it into a deep vessel, place it near the wall where there are most of the vermin. As soon as it is daylight place a plate over the vessel with the cock- roaches, leaving a slit for them to drop one by one into a pail of water underneath. You will catoh them by fifties at a time." EXTRAORDINARY FIND OF GOLD.-Yester- day two miners from Stoney Pinch brought into town a block of quartz and gold weighing 9 lbs. 2 ounces, which they had found four feet below the surface. The gold was solid in most places, and estimated to »run seventy-five per cent, throughout the pieoe. The nugget can be seen at the Bank of N. S. W. " Another party also brought in two bags of nuggets of good size, and much waterworn, which were said to have been found partly on Mr. Cadell's land, and on the flat betwixt there and Stoney Pinch.-Mudgee Western Post, Aug. 13. WORKING THE ORACLE.-The reported find of a great diamond of fabulous value, at Armi- dale, has been turned to acoount by the company mongers here, and telegrams about it, with others, have been posted outside the brokers' offices, with a view to draw investors. Of course, this find, if true, and not a mere pieoe of rock crystal, can have very little to do with "mines" at Mudgee ; but the public seem to like this sort of thing. A little periodical blood-letting is I submitted to with wonderful plaoidity by the' I saving classes, and it is only after the operation 1 that they cry out.- Herald's Melbourne Cor- respondent.-This throws some light upon the " dissatisfaction," alleged to exist in Melbourne with respect to the delay of trustworthy infor- mation as to the reputed diamond. CHARGE OF DESERTING AN ILLEGITIMATE CHILD.-At the West Maitland Police Court, yesterday, Jane Harlock summoned George Buxton for deserting his illegitimate child. Mr. J. A. Gorriok appeared for the complain- ant, and Mr. R. W. Thompson for defendant. The paternity of the child, and the existence and observance by defendant of an order for maintenance, were admitted on behalf of de- fendant, and it was intimated that the defendant was willing to take the child and bring it up in his own family, under the care of his wife. Complainant deposed that since June 15th, the date of expiration of the order for main- tenance, defendant had failed to contri- bute towards the support of the - child, though he had been requested to do so ; defen- dant had often offered to take the child into his own custody, but she was unwilling to give it up ; she was not able to contribute very much to the child's support, as she was living with her father and mother and had only her own work to depend upon. Neither this witness nor her father, who was called to testify upon thiß point, could give any information upon Buxton's present earnings. Defendant deposed that his earnings now were only 30s. per week-about one half what they had been in. Maitland, and that he was unable to contribute the same amount as he had paid under the former orders. He could not now afford to pay more than 4s. or 5s. per week. The bench made an order for the payment of 5s. weekly for the space of twelve months, for the support of the child; defendant to pay 6i. 6d. court costs. DRUNKENNESS.-EvanLumleypleadedguilty, at the West Maitland police court, yesterday, to having been drunk in High-street, on Sunday evening. He wa« cautioned and discharged. PROPOSED MUNICIPALITY AT MUSOLEBROOK A meeting of the committee appointed to carry out the above object for Musolebrook, took place on Wednesday evening, at the Victoria Hotel There were présent Messrs. Bowman, Quaite, Tinson, Wigram, Moses, Treble, and Glendin- ning. Mr. Treble was voted to the ohair After the report of Mr. Moses relative to the signing of the petition by one hundred house- holders, and the subsequent forwarding of the same to the Colonial Secretary's office, some dis- cussion arose as to the wisdom of another peti- tion being framed, with different boundaries described, so as to avoid the possibility of delay through objections which might be raised. However, the matter was left as found, and a resolution passed calling a special meeting for Monday evening next.-Monitor, Aug. 13. WESLEY AN MISSIONS.-A meeting in con- nection with Wesleyan Foreign Missions was held in the Wesleyan Church last fiven ing, Mr. James VVolstenholme presiding. The attendance was not large. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. R. Brown, G. Hurst, and G. Martin. We hold over our re- port for the next issue. 