PEACE PROSPECTS. ^ {Times.) A Conservative Administration, anxious to make as many hits as it can in its precarious existence, is open to every good offer from the TJuited States. That Government embraces the oppjrtunity to send over a man in every way adapted to the mission, with large powers, and the -will to use them. If experience, if good wishes, if temper and manners will do the work, Mr. Heverdy Johnson is the man. His mission is known, his character arrives before him, and the choice is hailed with delight. On this side Lord Stanley is quite as well adapted, in his owii way, to represent the British people His Government is well placed, and free to act in the matter, being under no extra temptation to back up the late quarrel, either as to its original causes or as to the mode of conducting it. Should the Queen's Speech announce a complete settlement of all pending controvert sies 'and ^questions between the two great branches of the Anglo-British race, so great a success will count for the Conservatives now and for all timer- The commercial public, and notably that of the north, tender their services to .foster the negotiation. Hence the happy meeting of the two diplomatists, the .American and British public, and several rival statesman. The American Ministerassuresthe world that all is going on most pleasantly—" merrily " is the word—and that he has no doubt all will soon be right. The manner and mode he treats with becoming reserve. It only transpires that the result will equally and completely save the honour of both countries. There Is a soft infection of smiles between him and his hearers, and they laugh, we know not why, the assurance that what seemed an impossibility bat the other day is actually on the eve of fulfilment:, but must be waited for. Mr. Reverdy Johnson goes into the generalities, which are all that is allowed for the present. England and America, he observes, have eveiy reason in race, in material iuterests, and in political ideas to love one another, aud be at peace always. He quotes some rude, nervous poetry, ind as he sits down leaves the two nations audibly swearing vows of perpetual amity. There is evidently a charm in the simplicity of the man beyond anything words could convey. Lord Stanley mnst not be beaten in such a race. He exalts his own office, which is to prevent war. What a blessing if we could put down that greatest of evils, the dread of which inflicts preparatons hardly less evil than the reality f The world still expects the man who will tell it how to supersede war. He will be tlie greatest of benefactors. But there is less and less chance of war daily. The world is wiser if not better. The motive of personal ambition, the fruitful source of former wars, pan no longer operate, for it is not the Monarch who now makes war at least not on his own account. It is a public affair. Peace is now the universal interest. "England and America have every reason to be on good terms. If we get over this ruffle—for it is no more—it will be a pledge of future amity. Coming from Lord Stanley, the announcement of a Millennium of Peace will gain many believers. That all this means peace, and that we are really in a few days to see England and America united without even the ghost of a quarrel, we hope and feel it a duty to believe. I5ut there is a larger affair upon which our hopes must be limited, and our belief kept under subjection to ordinary maxims and historical inferences. Both these good men speak as if wars were now less lively to occur £lian heretofore, and as if there really were now valid securities for peace over and above any possessed by our less fortunate ancestors. We have no kings fighting for territory or for the mere love of fi lining. The cost of war is becoming enormous, a id people won't now squander their money in such folly. The world is getting wiser, and public opinion rebukes the provokers of causeless war. We seem to be approaching an age of arbitration. One thing, however, is still wanting, Lord Stanley intimates. It is that the public and their organs would abstain from needless exaggerations of the danger of war. They have talked of war, he seems to say, till it comes, when the breeze might have passed away without notice. Talk of war, and it comes. Take for granted everything will go on smoothly, and the .wish, already father to the thought, will have a further progeny in the event. It is Lord Stanley who is taking this halcyon tone, averting omens, hushing down evil words, and lulling nations to forgetfulness of their fancied wrongs. If our good wishes are of any service, he has them. But ill the interests of truth, of safety, and of peace itself vje must enter a gentle protest against peace being a'a easy matter, likely to come and. continue of itself, having now a new lease of possession, and only requiring not to be disturbed by idle misgivings. If peace be, as it certainly is, one of the greatest of blessings, it may on that very account be presumed to be difficult, for nothing wojgfr hav« ing is easily got, or easily kept either. Nor can we see how the causes and provocations of war have diminished. All experience, most of all recent experience, proves that monarchs and statesmen may still originate wars by no means of absolute' necessity; that nations and peoples are not a bit behind monarchy in their warlike tendencies, and in aspirations not compatible with peace, and that even within the pale of a State parties and opinions may come to such a head as to end in terrible wars, threatening to involve other countries. Often and often daring the last half-century has the world heard the song of universal and everlasting peace. But, for all that, war has broken out again and again. The least consideration will show that the world can never be really secure from this. It is impossible to control, or even anticipate, the schemes and intentionsin the mind of a man, be he Monarch or Minister, or popular leader, who finds himself in a position to make war if he pleases. During the last twenty years Europe has Seen wars coming by chance and wars by design j wars unforeseen and wars of long forethought ; and it is hard to say which of ihe two were most incapable of being averted, or kept within bounds. But certainly to make light of the danger is not the way to avert it. .Nor can the organs of public opinion in this country be accused of neglecting even this idle precaution. Their fault, if any, bas been the other way. They talked peace to the Emperor of Russia, and they talked peace to the Emperor of the French, and they talked peace to Austria and Prussia in the matter of Schleswig Holstein, and they talked peace to Bismarck, till Europe bas come to the conclusion that the Englishman is the blindest and simplest of beings. No one can say at this moment what is going on in the minds of the men from whom the armies of Europe receive the word of command. We cannot even overlook the fact that egir since the beginning of the last century a great part of the wars and policy of France has been for the purpose of placing a French connexion on the Throne of Spun, and that very question is forthwith to be decided by the people of that countiy. But is Lord Stanley really expressing his own serious conviction when he says that war is now less likely to occur than in all former time, and only requires not to be mentioned ? Why so anxiously beseech that it may not be mentioned ? But another inconsistency presents itself of a more serious character. Ljrd Stanley's chief and colleagues boast that, not content with a mere scheme and programme of defence, they have actually, though at a great cost, put the country into a defensible condition. They have filled the ranks, and armed every soldier with the best weapon that couli be got, and mounted the big guns on the new fortifications, and got up a Naval Reserve, and encouraged the Volunteers, and thushavesomething to say for the immense inflation of the public expenditure. Why all this, if war is now an old wife's tale, a subject for ballads, a folly that the world has now outgrown % The costly preparations we believe to be right, though they might possibly have been done at less cost; and we trust they will never be used on this soil at least. But for the probabilities of war, they seem to us much the same that they have always been • so that the true course is to expect neither peace nor war, but to do our utmost to avert the latter, and to be prepared for whatever may come. 