THE NEWS OF TEE DAY. ? *p- -??— At a meeting o! the Cabinet yesterday, Mr Jones was removed from office as an Executive Councillor. The question of a commutation of the sentence of death upon tho prisoner Nicol Brown was brought up, but postponed until Monday. Another sitting of the Legislative Assembly was yesterday devoted to the trial and sentence of an honorable member. Mr Batters having made his defence on Wednosday night, tho At torney-General replied yesterday; after whioh several hon. members spoke on the question. The motien affirming the commission of the aot of bribery by Mr Butters was carried, aud Mr M'Culloch then moved that it be followed by the sentence of expulsion. A more serious attempt was made to mitigate tho punishment than had been done in the case o! Mr Jones, but it was strenuously resisted by members en both sides of the House — be it said to their credit, and the motion to expel paBsed without a divisien. A few hon. mem bers who were unwilling to vota left the Chamber, The House then adjourned until Tuesday, when Mr Bowman will be dealt with. The sad termination to the voyage of the ship Hurricane, from Liverpool to this port, is fally reported in our shipping columns, whereby it appears that the captain, crew and passen gers have lost all their effects. Tho ship is now giyuig suns close under ;iu.onnt Maitutt, about one mile and a half from the shore, and, according to the latest accounts furnished us by Captain Fallrurton, who was sent down by tbo 'hon. the Commissioner of Customs in Messrs TIM, Foole and Co.'s steamer Mystery, to take necessary steps for the preservation of life and cargo, that a number of cases had floated up out of her hold, the batches having burst open. At the meeting of the Legislative Council yesterday, the report of a'select committee ap pointed by both Houses of Parliament to manage the refreshment rooms and stables in connection with the Houses was brought np and adopted, recommending the donation of £100 to Mrs Drew, widow of a late stable keeper. The {Abattoirs Bill was read a second time, committed, progress reported, and leave obtained to Bit again. The House at its rising adjourned until Wednesday weex, the at a xaay, there being no business to come before it next week. Mr Phillip Rnsiell took his ssat as the member for the Sonth-weEtom Province, in the plaoa of Mr Laarmonth; resigned. The Attorney- Ganeral waa called upon by Mr Macpherson yesterday ovening, to maka an explanation as to the circumstances which had necessitated a motion in the Supreme Court to compel an information to he filed against the igroprietors of the Fiemington Bone Mills for a pnbJio naioanue. Mr G. F. Smith showed that he hod acted in accordance with his duty, if he had somewhat strictly oonstrued it, ir/as much as the charge was wrongly brought, ani in a manner which had been expressly declared informal by a decision of Mr Justice Moieeworth. Mr Smith justified his action by a reference to tbe conduct of tbe clerk to the Easendon and Flemington Borough Council, Mr. Miller, whose proceedings in the matter appear to hare beon most unfair, nnd CiertainJyought to be eXpluineS. The proprietors of the mills linl spont JE500 or £600 in measures for the abatement of the offensive smell which omsnated from their es tablishment, but aa complaints wore still lriRdo against them, the Central Board of Health wrote to Mr Miller, who is secretary to tho local board, asking him to inform the proprietors that they must take further steps for the removal of the uuisnnco. 3Ir Miller never forwarded this intimation, but instituted a prosecution in his own name agninst them, admitting afterwards that ho wns guaranteed his expenses by tiie board, i c, tho local borough council. The proprietors of tho mill were committed for trial, and the Attorney General declined to file the information. He had a sufficient technical reason for doinp; eo, since a uoara oi nenua cannot proceed criminally or guarantee tbe costs of s prosecution. Possibly this objection might not have been insisted on, had it not been for the conduct of Mi Miller ; but we apprehend that, when such an unfair advantage had boon taken by that gentleman, it was quite right to conteraot it by another altogether legitimate. Hon. members of the Assembly wore regaled last night with a vulgar edition of Mr Fellows, in the shapo of Mr Frazor, who harangued them on thirjga in general for a good hour and a half, defiant of Speaker, Chief Secretory, and even liis friend Mr Stutt, who kept np a sedu loua pulling of his cost tails. All was in rain. Cries of ' Ordei' aud ' Question' only added fuel to his wrath, and kon. members perceived at last they must only let it burn out, although it necessitated an extra hour and a half 'a waste of midnight oil. If Captain MaoMahori went out of his way on Wednesday night to ventilate his peculiar ideas on tho question of bribery, the explanation which he made last evening had merely the effect, to usa a vnlgar expression, of bogging him still deeper. Well might the hon. mem ber ask Mr Higinbotham, Why that smile? A smile dimpled the countenances of a good many other members besides Mr Higinbotham, although perhaps it was more signilicant from him. Captain MaoMahon retracted none of his utterances, and his explanation only servod to make the turpitude he avowed still barer. We unintentionally did a wrong to Mr Edward Cope yesterday, in saving that ho took hi8 seat with the ' noes' after the call for a division on the question whether Mr Jonee should bs expelled. Wo shonld have included him among the members sitting on the left who meant to vote; for tbe motion, but waited until the bell finally rung for the division beforotbey crossed the floor of the House. As a matter of fact Mr Cope name from a convic tion of duty, and at (considerable personal in convenience, on purpose to record his vote in favor of tho motion. A soiree waa hold in the Albert-street Bap tiBt Church last evening, in celebration of the arrival of tho Rev. Mr Clark in Australia. Cloao npon seven hundred persons sat down to tea, and, judging from outward appearances, seemed thoroughly to enjoy themselves. After the tables had beon removed, short addresses were delivered by the Eev. Messrs Clark, Hill, Moss,|Flotcher and others, all of whom spoke in highly eulogistic terms of the Rev. I, New, who, in order that his health might be recruited, was retiring from the pastorate of that chnrcb. The Rev. Mr Clark alluded to tbe enthusiastic manner in which he had beon received in Mel bourne, and «aid his duty would bo to preach in such a manner that good might be tho result — that would be his duty. They had a duty, however, one quite as imperative as hia, nnd that was to hear properly ; ho intended to try and do his part, ho hoped they weuld not be negligent in the performance of theirs. He had scarcely expected to Bee such a place as no was tben standing id, er such an assemblage), but it was a very pleasurable surprise, and one which gave him unqualified satisfaction. The rev. gentleman concluded amidst lond applause, by expressing a hope that they would always help him in his arduous duties, and then he felt convinced all wonld be well. Some excellent singing was rendered by Miss.Viney and others, which contributed in no small degree to make the affair pass oft in a manner that must have been very satis factory to all parties conoerned. A reward ofjton pounds is offered for the con viction of the person who throw a stone at oue of the Melbourne Company'a omnibuses in Smith-street recently, snd broke the vehicle's window, and we Bhall be glad to hear that tho delinquent has been detected. A3 long aa cab owners kept within bounds and went no fur- J ther than simply to abuse the employes of the company, tho proprietors of the 'busses could well afford to laugh, knowing full well that those manifestations of dissatisfaction on the part of the superseded could not possibly do them any harm ; but when it comes to breaking windows and endangering the limbs and per haps the lives cf the occupants of tne company's vehicles matters present a totally difforent aspect, and the patience of the directors is proved after all to hare a limit. Yesterday, at the Crown Lands Office, a commission under the 42nd clause, presided over by Mr Morrah, of tho Land3 department, sat to consider applications for sixteoen forfeited allotments in the parish of Maribyrnong. There wero no less than about 100 applicants, aud, m usnal, priority of selection was decided by the revolving ballot-box. Curiously enough, the first name drawn was that of the notorious Farquhar M'Donald, who was immediately ob jected to, the proofs of his not being entitled to select only needing to be named to be at once recognised by ihe commission. With Mb ordinary vulgar impudonoe, however, M'Donald threatened tho commission with exposing them to tho publio, but the threat was of course unheeded. Not content with his attempt to bounce the commission yesterday, M'Donald fofced himself into uii umub o jruuui, wucru ua ugum ex pressed himself in such terms that ho was immediately expelled. The following is a list of the persons who succeeded in obtaining the allotments named : — E. Gibbons, COa. lr. ; E. Durham, 68a. 2r. 27p. ; J. O'Connor, 61a. 2r. 3p. ; S. J. Croad, 681. 2r. 2p., sub ject to inquiry ; Margaret EgaD, 68a. ; E. I Davis, 80a. 2r. 32p. ; V. Fowler, 70a. lr. 29p. ; L. L. Smith, 78a. lr. 2p. ; W. H. Sirett, 80a. ; Pierce J. Williams, 57a. 3r. 39p. ; A, Davis, 79a. 3r. 25p. ; P. Phclan, 43a. ; J. P. Hopwood, 83a. lr. 20p. ; J.Burgess, 78i. 2r. 27p. ; Richard Gibbons, 74a. 8r. 20p. ; J. Barnes, 80a. At the Criminal Sessions yesterday, James Ah Coy was sentenced to four years' im prisonment with bard labor for taking bri- bes or hush-money from hi« countrymen on false pretences., L Several witnesses wero called at to character. He himself stated that he came to this country in 1852, had married and had a family of four children, and had become a freeholder and settled down. He averred the monoy was given to him for acting as arbi trator among his countrymen, as he spoke five or six of their dialects ; and that he never told thorn he received it for the Government. George Frederick Green the younger, formerly town clerk of Malmsbury, found guilty of larceny, was sentenced to twelve months' im pritonment, without hard labor, bat the first woeK oi every alternate month co be spent in solitary confinement. The court then adjourned sine die. Mr Robert Kent, an old colonist, who, although occupying once a higk position in this city as a merchant, has somehow dropped out of notice during the last few years, died on Tuesday last, and was humbly buried yes terday in tbe Si. K ilda Cemetery. Mr Kent was a member of the old firm of J. B. Were, Cent and Co., and took a prominent part in the politics of fifteen or sixteen years since. Lately he has aot been fortunate ; and he died, we believe, in impoverished circumstances. Mr Gregory, the well known marine painter in water colors, has just finished a very supe rior production, which is now on view at the shop of Mr Stevens, piotui'e-dealer, in Elizi bethslreet. The steamers Great Britain and Coorong are depicted in the painting, together with an Aberdeen clipper ship, the scene be ing laid outside Port Phillip Heads on the broad ocean. The picture id conceived with spirit aud finely executed. About elaven o'clock last evening a tire was discovered on the pratnisea of Mr W. Hasly, grocer, of 174 Rassell-street. Smoke havTng been seen issuing from under the door, the police broke open tho shop aud found a quantity of waste paper oa fire under the counter, which was immediately extinguished. The fire brigade was quickly in attendance, but their assistance waa not required. It h not known whether the place was insured, as Mr Healy is at present from home. The following letter, says a CasUemaino paper of yesterday, whioh has been written by a solicitor of this town to a member of the Le gislative Assembly; hag a certain amount o! local interest, to say nothing of ita ,-„?„? ? merit, to justify it, publican :-!«$,£! Su-.-If you havo any opportunity of &„£* ing nn opinion on the foolish question^ m the Hoase about Jadgo SkmLr ifofe^S the Day of Humiliation,' you may say dth-r publicly or privately, tb.fr I, for mjVart,? regret that a little pleraantry^fMr wi- P-y which my name w*s uSed/shouTd W bV' had hold o to the annoyance of hb Honor he Judge. It w simply. 'an invention of tht enemy' fa- Uy that inconvenience or anno™ t ' was caused to any person by tho court S ' only too glad to get on with business. It ja * pity that two or three men cannot t ui * harmless jest without wakiu-r 8eTeiK ' inches of blatant creation to lay backup ears, kick up its heels and fltoc dirt .t «, ^ ignoring the proverb, ? Jfc „„ Kr^™ ! ' Tb.3 Condition and Prospects of Victoria as compared with older Land* ' is thn r» ot - lecture to be delivered on tha 3d J' m the Princess's Theatre, by lit H j' Wiixon, M.L A. It is to conatiLte ttfji ofasenssoflectnrestobe delivered by leal ing Victorian gentlemen, and is to b« »i for the benefit of the fupdi oUke Early ?£? ing Association. J . 0B' We have to record with great rerm-t iho .nj den death from apoplexy of MrsCav'S widow of the late lamented member for Mai don Mr John Ram-ay. The deceasedlady, wbohsj attained tho age of suty years, died at her reri dance w Chetwynd-street, West Melbourne oa Wednesday. The fonoral will take place h£ afternoon, at three o'clock. * The land selection at HI Lai was continued and concluded on Wednesday. A very We number of persons wero in attendance untothn close of the proceedings, which passed off quietly. Six bundred.and forty-eight applka. ions, out of which _ only, thirteen wenS.™. .„,. — , ,...v v.w...x „„„. xuero was a coajBleta absence of anything like excitement. Amonrr the applicants, says a Ballarat paper, as on the preceding day, were several feina'les, who des- ' scribed themselves as domestic servant! honse koepors, and, in a few instances, danglers living with widowed mothers, sinters ke^ninc house for their brothere, and others holdi™ similar positions of usefulness and responsibi. hty. It is remarkable that in few instances for tune favored these applicants, and in the ! majority of cases'the successful applicants are representatives of the raining and ngricultnral interests, and the minor departments ef the trading community. Comments and questions ? were urged against the eligibility of two or three of the successful applicants, but, in tha absence of evidence or proof of the allegations ' made, the deoision of the commission will re main unaltered pending further information on ' tho points raised. At_ tha Christian Chapel, Lygon-street, last evening, what is called, in religious parlance a ' protracted meeting,' was held. Mr Carr, a ''? young man believed by some to be cf great promise, preachod, and chose for his subject the word ' Repentance.' There was a larce number or porsonB present, and considerable interest- was manifested in the proceedings. Several- 'conversions' were reportod to have taken place before tho meeting terminated. Tbe public have been favored of late with various disquisitions as to what the ' comine man' will do. Tho Rev. Henry Ward Beecher recently said in a lecture that one of the great ' questions of tho day was in relation to tha coming man, and how he waa to come, He thought he was coming on a velocipede — a new maohino that wae bonni to play a prominent part in the category of amusoments— a toy to some, an instrument of pleasure and great nee to others. Ho expected in a short time to eea a thousand velocipedists coming to Plymouth Church. The people of Ballarat were a little con cerned the other day at a report which had ob tained currency, to the effact, that Mi M'Gill, one of the ioaders in tbe Eureka riots, had been found dead at Grenfsll, in New Sonth ' Wales. It has been ascertained, however, that the gontleman in question is alive and well, being located somewhero in the Avoca district. A late English paper points out that em ployers who are of the Jewish persuasion are placed in a somewhat awkward predicament by the new factory laws. It would appear to be tho custom of certain cigar manufacturers who are Jows, to employ their workpeople for a -\ few hours on Sunday mornings instead of ' Saturday, tho latter day being strictly ob served as their Sabbalh. By the now Factory Act all work on Sunday is made illegal, and the Jews are not exceptcd. It is true that manufacturers of this persuasion ara allowed to employ women and young persons on Satur day eveniDg from four till nine, but in summer, this exception will be valueless, 03 the Sabbath in that season does not end till after nice in the ovenirg. Certificates of discharge wore confirmed yes terday by the Supreme Court in the following inuolvont estates: — William Pander, F. A. Edwardes, Thomas Burrowes, John B. Wil kinBon, James W. BJdtr, George H, Jamieson, William M'Donald and Charles J. TomlinB ; and a plan o! distribution in the estate of Edward Khali was also confirmed. About the smartest cobo of political sharp practice that has ever come under our notice, says a New- York paper of January last, is found in the manipulation of the hon. E. M. K. Glenn, of Wayne county, by the lobbymen in tho interest of Mr Fenton, at Albany, last Saturday evening. Mr Glenn is a very honest and impulsive man, but credulous and capable off being deceived. The caucus took place at half-paBt seven in the evening, and at half-past five Mr Glenn waited upon Mr Morgan in per son to assure him that whatover else might happen, tbe vote of Glenn was his and his only. But no sooner had ho left tbe presence of the Senator than he was taken in hand by three shrewd friends of Governor Fenton, who, with becoming gorionsneBS, said to him : ' Mr Glenn, do you know that these scoundrels about here have been selling your vote to Morgan ?' ' No !' said Glenn, open ing all his eyes ; 'you don't tell m»?' 'Yes, indeed,' was the answer, ' and Morgan's houuds have paid them five thousand dollars on condition that yonr ballot should be case for their candidate.' ' Well, well,' responded the ninuspecting and escited legislator, 'if they have sold me, they shall find that I am hard to deliver. I'll take care that this trick is never tried on me again, I can toll you.' Tbe result was that, in his indignation, Mr Glenn went into the caucus and ostentatiously cast an open vote for Mr Fenton, whose friends thus accomplished by metaphysical means what could not have been accomplished by any ether. A bolt was made yesterday afternoon, in Latrobo-street, by b laorse which was being hani98sea to a lignt waggon Doionging to meesrs Knight Brothers. A cab was knocked over by the runaway near the Hospital, and the back of another was knocke'd in in front of tho Town Hall. Tho run was a long one, having been, con- tinued along Swanston-street to Collins-street, thence up Elizabeth- street to Bourko-street, from thence round into Qneen-street, and finally coming to a conclusion in the neighbor hood of tho Old Cemetery, where the horse was caught. It would seem that tho Wesleyana at Spring Creek are desirous of obtaining a bell for tbeic chapel, and are collectiag subscriptions for the pnrpose. Some irreverent persons have made fan of the movement, upon which con duct the Spring Creek Leader comments tbnB pathetically: — 'The hallowed sound of ihe church bolls, whose chimes carry back the ima gination to the days of onr childhood or the land of our nativity, the Bacred peals whose aolt re verberations gathered the motley throng of worshippers together, or floated from e*r_to ear amid the silent tombstones, as some loving friend or dear relative departed from tbe face of his kindred for ever, must ia these degene rate days of ours afford food for the je|ter and food for the thoughtless. The mind must in deed be narrow and selfish in the extreme 'that tikes umbrage at the efforts now being made by a religions body to secure for themselves a bell wherewith, to call their congregation to gether.' Theliets for the St. Paul's, Eittwn-hill and central divisions were presented at the Revision ^ Court, held yesterday, in the city poEce cUaia- ^ her, and confirmed. Mr Louis Metzger, teacher of gymnastics at raojt cf the principal schools in and aa-und Melbourne, met with a [most unpleasant adventure early yesterday morning, and one which, if he had been less widely known (M« spcctedjja a man of integrity, would probably have subjectedbim togreat inoonvesience.jJnot indignity. Mr Metzger was returliiSg 55me about two o'clock yesterday morning from a meeting for the jmrpoje of effecting a union of ihe various gymnastic associations, ana taking a short out through the Fitzroy-garaesB -*?' 7T. fell oversow* oneljing _on the toSiciflU''1' M'11 lb. Tho man jumped » g.izeaMrM^ , , mramml7 with » SM«« *.**£. ,alter had not set np a. cry W^'wbSS constable arrived Uie «' P°IlMl ». a been Ijing down charged Mr 3M«« ''L with robbery also. He give i» '^Velzger wa« locked up all rok.' wL,wl When the case came on v^tontbecliwgs- ot once dm-. 5^5, *g him he left the W^^Vtaiutttlion onhia character, wKtw!boa6anyinjP position in which he ^falllend- o^g entirely to the dta tlabeenplace1iw5 ' , hav0 got roU-cd {ipstion of Tnoker, »» pewlreS3 tefltifloa rtila tang drnn » * «£ and reputation, '°Ktlga^Sl gentleman, both having TeSiSand small cottage were ?^ fit Sroyed by fire yesterday morning, P*f7 f Spast two o'clock, at the corner ,W* M'''5Fpjmerston streets, Carlton. ^TnMoot0! an invest to ha [°u in dav The premises, which be HLdto Mr Bentley.were in the oeonpa ITtn Otto Jackson, who cornea on the KLl of « fe'rowr ana geaerd denier, and bnW- ,«a for £250. The Btook and fomi WtDT,h were the property of Jaek«ni, !£ Sd for £350. Immediately on ,f fire being discovered, an alarm waa 'j8 f ™ tl a look-out tower, and the Mel E'Xo brigade were speedily on the S The fire was quickly exhngu.shed S before a great part of the building an* -, lifts were destroyed. It was considered Xfxnordinary that neither the Ktzroy. v J Oolllin'wood brigades were in attond ^f^SryCthe Jene of the fire was $''„ short uistanco from the station of the fTB%ost waa held yesterday before D*. eweorouer, in the Ironbark Forest, Panra ff y Uia aaoe of Noaey Jack, which was Sfflaioaerdrcnmtaneeg described in Wed Say's Age. There was nothing disclosed m fiieiaence beyond what has already appeared, ud fte iary retnrne(1 a verdict that the tore*, to the best of their belief, died from natural causes. He was a native of Dablin, ogel about forty- five, of moist harmless topoBition, considered to bo 'cranky, and ne«r took money payment for his labor. He ralut seen alive on tho 3rd instant, and was Zoied to be abont ten days dead. The court was bold under the forest treBB, the ccronerosing a stump for a desk to wnto on. ^ lid Omnibus Company were summoned in Its, Diatriot Court, yesterday, for exceeding tha Imfl complement of passengers, but as it ap teuca tho overloading was done in error and Rectified immediately on discovery, the oaso was diimiisod. By the Hero, from Sydney, we have received pipers to tbe 20th inst. The news generally las ten anticipated by telegram. A ghost is reported to have been seen at a plue called the Dnndongs, on the Upper Bo Ljtiver.by a mailmnn, who declares he saw a mm without a head walk past him ono night lilely, It is gravoly stated by tho paper in which tho report appears, ' that other people baveseen,orfanciedtheysaw,s3motbingthere.' This is an old etory, and has, perhaps, been transferred from tho Blaok Swamp, between Deniliquin and Hay, round which a hoadlesB trooper has boon said to have been hovering for many years past. Bushmen, like Bailors, hsvetheir superstitions, and cling to them, pro bity, from having little hotter to think or talk stoat. We learn from tho Western papers that the ton. S, G. Henty, who is at prosent staying i» hiubn'sstationat Warrayurp, is suffering from a severe attack of illnesa, and some feara were it first entertained as to tho consequences. We are glad to be able to say that the alarm - ing symptoms bava disappeared, and Mr Hsnty iiEOS in a /air way of recovery. A very Berious accident, resulting in n iractaed tirm, occurred on Wednesday to Mr H, Newton, barrister-at law, who was thrown to his horse at the residonce of Mr T. O. Nolan, It appears that a dog rushed out and, W'j'? his horee, causod him to plunge in such (K;_a;er as to hurl Mr Newton with great violence Jrom the saddle to the ground; Itinerant preachers are no novelty, but a rating church certainly would be. However, there was in a by-gone time a church at Bris 1 lane, in Qaeensland, whioh it has been found necessary to take down and replace with a new one, and a looal paper atatos thai a cartede r/iite of tho old building was deposited, with tbe coins, &c;, in n cavity of a corner stone of the new ono, 'A Shakspearian Festival' will take place Unight at the Theatre Royal, this being the anniversary of the groat bard's natal day. The 'Merchant of Venice' (Shylook, Mr Talbot) and 'Katherine and Potruchio' (Potruchio, Sir Talbot) will be played. InE adjourned preliminary meeting of those favorable to tho abolition of State-aid to reli gion, will bo held in the lecture room of St. Enoch's Church, Collins-street, this afternoon, at four o'clock. 