Victoria. A NEW WOOL PRESS. Mr Lookhart Morton has patented a new wool-press, which seems to be superior in some respects to those now in use, and a specimen machine, manufactured by Mu-isrs T. Robinson and Co,, was tried on the 24-th. At. Messrs. Goltisbrouuh's stores, in presence of some genlle men intercsred in pastoral pursuits. The following is a brief description of Mr Morion's press. It consists ot an upper and a lower box, which will both stand on the floor ef the woolshed while being filled. In one of these— that wbLh is to be the lower box when the wool is being pressed — an empty pack will be placed, and securely fastened by means of four iron plates outside its upper edge, which will act upon each other by means of four nuts and screws, thus keeping the mouth of the pack tightly stretched over the mouth of the box. The pack being secured, the box in which it is placed is then filled with wool in the usual way. Tbe man then steps into the other box and fills it. When both are filled, the second or top box, which it attached to the the other by two hinges, is raised by means of double blocks, and placed on the top of tbe lower box. The screw is then lowered upon the wool, the whole of which is forced down into the pack. The mouth of the pack is then unscrewed from the lower box, the doors on each side of the same box are undone, and tbe bale turned out. The doors are then shut, the top box lowered in the same way as it was raised, and the operation repeated. The upper box is a square tube, without doors ; the lower box has two doors, which are fastened in a novel manner— one bolt to each. The bolt extending from top to bottom, is shut iu between the straight iron plates ol the doors and the ends of the iron plates of the sides bent to a right angle Thus i he boll is easily with drawn sideways, notwithstanding the great outward pressure of the bale In the ordinary presses, every key — three to each door — has to b hammered out, but in this press the doors are opened with case and expedition. The power of the press is gained by means of a pulley wheel, and endless rope, working a pinion, which drives a crown-wheel placed below the cross-beam at the top of the frame. In the centre of the crown-wheel is placed the brass screw, which is suspended in the cross-beam by a flange on its upper side. Thus the iron screw is lowered and raised withont being turned, hence there is no groove iu tbe screw as in some others In order to per fect the press, it is intended to give it increased speed in raising the screw, and in lowering it to the point where resistance begins. The principal novelty in the press is, that both tho upper and lower box will be charged on the floor of the woolshed, thus economising labour, and hastening the operation of pack ing. SUICIDE IK CASTLEMAINE. Mr Richard Hills, r well-known resident of Castlemaine, committed suicide on Sunday morning by shoot ing himself with a pistol. From a local journal we condense the fol lowing particulars of the tragedy : — ' Mr Hills was a draper's assist ant, and had fouud employment at several of tho houses of business here, end we understand was characterised as a first-rate salesman. Unfortunately, however, he had a disposition for drink, but it is not clear tbat this trait of his character directly caused him to lay violent hands on himself. On Saturday evening he retired to rest, and during the night did not disturb the household On Sunday morning ho rose at shortly bo 'ore 7 o'clock, washed and dressed himself with customary core, and walked up and down tbe yard for a few minutes, fie then returned to his bedroom, and again leaving it proceeded at once to the b table in the rear of the premises. The horse pistol with whi h he had armed himself must then have been placed close behind the right ear while be was in a kneel ing position. The heavy charge (a rifle cartridge) carried away the ear, and me frightful injury to the brain caused the work o: death to be momentary. The report brought some persons in the house to tbe snot, and Dr Hutchison was sent for, and came at once, but tuere was no life then. In the bedroom of the deceased was found a document meant for a will, in which he dis poses of his land certificate as a volunteer ; but it is worthy ot note, as an index to the state of his mind, that the document is dated February 30th. Mr Hill about last Christmas received a letter from England notifying him of the death of his mother, and conveying a dying message from her which would amply account for any depression of spirits by its operation on a sensitive mind. A few months ago, while shaving, he fancied he heard a voice telling him to cut his throat, and he said i hat but for a sudden effort and closing his razor case he muBt have obeyed. To his more intimaje friends he complained of great men tal prostration, and stated that he was obliged to overcome remorse by any means he could. Yesterday iiii-rninp, about ten minutes to 8, Mr Williams and Mr M'Donald heard the report of firearms, and in lees than ten seconds they were on the spot, and then saw their worst fears verified. The smoke ol the powder was just issuing Irom the stable wben they entered and found the prostrate and lifeless body of the unfortunate young man.' ATTEMPTED SUICIDE OK BOARD THE 8.8. BDAH1NE. A eingular case of attempted suicide is reported to have taken place on board the s s. Ruahine, during her last voyage from Panama A passenger named Courtney, a Roman Catholic priest, one after noon retired to his cabin, complain ing of indisposition. On the surgeon attempting to enter he found the door locked, and as no response waa made to his repeated knockings he had the door forced, when he found Courtney lying on the floor with his throat cut from ear to ear, and with another wonnd in his arm Prompt measures were taken to arresst the flow of blood. The captain was, however, obliged to confine the un fortunate man in irons to prevent him from tearing them open again. He is now in an hotel in Welling' too, in his senses, and in a fair way to recover. He eays the attempt was caused by a peculiar dream he had a night or two previously. On examining his paper?, drafts were found for £3,000 sterling, besides a large quantity of gold under his pillow. A will was a[so found of a very recent date, leaving all his effects to the Bishop of Lancaster, England. AN ACEKIAL ICEBERG. A correspondent, writing to the Ballarat - Star' the other day, de scribed a large block of ice deposited by the late thunderstorm, which was lying somewhere between the Chal licum and Gorrinn runs. He described it, if our memory serve us. as over twenty feet in length, and of about the same breadth, while it was nearly twenty inches in thick ness. The veracity of the account was doubted by a crood many, who could scarcely credit the deposit of such a ' hailstone' on the spot where it was found. ' We are in a position to state, however,' says the ? Ararat Advertiser,' ' that the ac count was quite correct, and that the block of ice was visited and seen by nearly every resident in the neighbourhood. Some think that the ice may have been an aocumu lation of hail from the heavy storm referred to ; but the mass presented no indication of such a formation, being apparently quite solid.' BUSH ROMANCE AND REALITY. The ♦ Ararat Advertiser' narrates the circumstances of one of those re markable deaths in the bush which are often attended by appearances equally remarkable and suspicious. The occurrence took place on one of the stations of the Messrs. Chirn Btde, near Streathatn : — ' The overseer of the station alluded to has had a shepherd called Simpson in the employment for years paBt, who was understood by his employers and fellow servants to be the son of an English gentle man; this statement was partly borne out by the fact that he was in the habit of regularly receiving a kind of annuity amounting to £100 from hiB friends at home. This generally arrived in half-yearly instalments, and it usually occurred that so long as the money lasted, a carouse, or what is better under stood as a ' jolly epree,' was kept up by the reoipient and the favoured of his fellow servants. Latterly, however, it seems that Simpson's father heard of the manner in which the money was being appropriated, and he reduced the amount from £100 to £50 per year, so that the sprees were reduced to one-half. Possibly the man's habitual indul gence, and the gradual way in which he gave up hope of retrieving his rightful position, induced him to make an attempt at settling bimBelf in lifo in the humble station in which be found himself; accordingly he proposed to the daughter of a shepherd residing on the run, named Aspinall, and was aoeepted. The man, it is true, was old, and not likely to attract a girl notwithstand ing his connections, but he repre sented to her father that as soon as he died, there would be a legacy of £1000 available for his wife. The girl's content was obtained some time since, and the marriage solemn ised in due course, LaBt week it seems about £30 came out to Simp son from hia father ; he received the money on the Monday and went into Sreatham, to the hotel there, where he deposited £25 or some such sum with the landlord, and went home with a bottle of gin. This he drank on the Monday night, but became very ill, and retching commenced. While in this state Aspinall was informed of the inan'e illness, ami he immediately came over to him and prevailed upon him to liriuk brandy as a cure. Two bottles of Hennessy's brandy were sent for, and disposed of on the Monday night, along with others which were procured and drunk on the Tuesday. Simpson, however, still continued to be ill, the retching did not abate, and about two or three o'clock in the morning he died. Dr. Galrrailh, of Ararat, went down and made a. post mortem, but could find nothing to account for death, all the organs being healthy ; ihe one conspicuous circumstance, in a medical point of view, being tbat the stomach and eome of the small bowels exhibited red patches, and the patient constantly called for drink from the time when the retch ing commenced. These are symp toms, we believe, of arsenical poisoning; at the present time, however, the case is in a moBt un satisfactory state. The contents of the stomach and a portion of the deceased's shirt, Mhich was stained by tbe retching, having been sent for analyeie to the Government chemist.' PBOPOSED ART EXHIBITION IN MELBOURNE. Among the many praiseworthy exhibitions held in this city none has been, as yet, organised of a purely ar( is tic character This dar ing attempt is now about to be made. The trustees of the Public Library have invited all persons pos sessed of objects of artistic value to lend them for a couple of months to be displayed in the great Exhibi tion-hall. Promises of support have been received from many quarters, and there can scarcely be a doubt the gathering will be a most inter esting one. Contributions of art production of all kinds are invited, including paintings, sketches, photo gaphs, engravings, sculptures, architectural plans, carvings, gems, ind medals. The owner of one good specimen, and the owner of a gallery-full, can aid the trustees in this onerous undertaking. No petty jealousies or dislikes should be suffered to intervene. In a com munity like this an art-exhibition worth inspecting can only be secured by a lavishnesa of generosity on the part of the favoured few lovers of arts in tearing themselves away for a time from their beloved gleanings, and trusting them to the tender mercies of strange hands. It is not surprising that such a separation should be shunned, and we must not depreciate the sacrifice it entails. We believe, houever, that the good such an exhibition is calculated to do is most extensive, and we trust that no one in a position to aid the trustees will fail to come forward promptly. In this case, as in most, the proverb holds true—' Bis dot quicito dat.' CHARGE OF U6INO FRAUDULENT TRADG HARKS. Messrs. T. and VV. White, wine and spirit merchants, Swanston-Btreet, were yesterday summoned before the District Court, charged with using a fraudulent trade murk, whereby they hsd rendered themselves liable to a penalty of £100, or twelve months' imprisonment. The CBee excited a great deal of interest, and during its progress the Court House was filled with commercial men. The proceedings had been initiated by Mr. H. A. Bronckborst, legal agent in Victoria for the firm of flennessy and Co.. the great brandy distillers ; and the alleged offence consisted in bottling off two quarter-casks of brandy, tbe produce of the Associated Vineyard Company, after it bad been much re duced in strength and reflavoured, and passing it off as Heanessy's by using the labels, corks, oapBules, and cbbss of that firm. But the case broke down hopelessly, end was dismissed with en order upon complainantB for £3 3s. costs. Only two witnesses were called, but neither of them in the slightest degree supported the allegations upon which the summons was issued, not withstanding it was on information supplied by one of them (named Bather) that this action was taken. From wbat appeared in the courBe of hearing, tbie man informed against the MessrsWhite as having been guilty of this dishonesty, representing that he assisted in tbe bottling and in affixing to the battles' 300 of Henneesv's labels ; tb.at he sup plied Mr. Bronckhorst with one of these IsbelB, and Bbont half a gross of corks and capsules made and branded in imi tation of Hennessy's ; and that he ulso furnished a bottle of the spurious brandy to the same person. In the witness box yesterday, however, he admitted tbat while he might have said and done all this., he was both saying and aciing a lie when he did so, for the tale he told waB a pure fabrication. Of oouree it is a very questionable matter how much of suoh a man's present statement can be believed. DEATH IN THE DD6T. ^ The following strange story is told ' - to the ' Bendigo Independent' by a resident of Sandhurst, at having been witnessed by him on Sunday last at Spring Creek :— ' Having occasion to call on an old acquaintance, he tapped at the door, and a faint voice desired him to go round to the back. He did so, and espying a door half open, he went in, when his eye rested upon a ooffin Behind the door, sitting down with bis bond reiting upon his hands, was a man emaciated and almoit ghost-like in appearance. To the gen tleman's sympathising inquiry, tbe man replied that he bad buried bis wife a few days previously, that the ooffin in the room contained tbe remains of bit son, and tbat be felt (hat in a few days be should himself ' drift out to that un kaown sea which is round all the world.' He aioribsd tbe death of hii wife and son, and his own illneis, to the effect of inhaling the all-pervading and horrible dust of the diggings, and our informant says that the last time he saw his acquaintance (a few wseks back) be was as hale and as hearty a &] man as be wonld wish to see.' 'I 