THE NEWS OF THE DAT. ? —*, ? . : : Messrs Maopboraon and MaoDdnnell aro not to hove the pleasure of walking over the elec tors ol Dnntlau and Villiors after all, as they fondly imagined. It is wonderfal that these illustrious gentlemen deomed it neaesBary oven to pay the constituencies a flying viait, but having .done so, they will be treated to a par MmiWIt unexpected nleasure. Mr Macpherson is to be oppoied in Dundsg by Mr Munroe, of tho Viotoria Permanent Investment' Sooioty, a gentleman of thoroughly liberal instincts, and wheae busineis oapaoity ia too well known to need more than a passing mention. If the Liberal electors of Duhdas are not what Mr Macpberson'a friends presume that tbey are mindless and willing slaves— they will be glad of this ohance ef obtaining a oompeteot representative. Mr MacDonnell no doubt fanoied himaolf quite secure in Villiera snd Hoytesbury, and probably grudged the electors thero the visit which necessity alone could prevail on him to make; but ha also' will be confronted with a state of affairs upon which he can scarcely have calculated. Mr Patrick J. Mnrphy of the firm cf Sterling and Mnrphy, solicitor, Melbourne, has taken it ? H ^1,1 £?* nnnnnUiAT* ♦ A T\\.Tt» * TWonT^f%Tltl ft! I . and as Mr Murphy knows and ia -well known throughout Villiers and Heytesbury, and takes his stand ohiefly upon the Liberal land system' of .the late Administration and the troachery of the combination effeotod for its overthrow — ho promises to be a formidable opponent. Mr Marphy seems to have precisely tho quali ties for the emergonoy; ho deaerveB tho staunch support of tbe Liboral eleotors for having ao courageously undertaken the task, and vte shall not be at all surprised to find him rescuing the district from a gentlomjn who apparently thought he conferred an honor upon tUo olectora by condescending to represent tboni. Tho formal announcement of the candidates no-ninated for Maryborough, Dandas, and Villiors ind Heytesbury, will bs made to-day. List evening the requisite papers and deposits wero plaoed in the hands of the returning officers by Messra Samuels and M'lfcsan, for Maryborough, Mess™ Munroe and Macpnenon for Dnndas, and Masars P. G. Marphy and Mc Donnell for Villiera and Heytesbury. The polling will take place at Maryborough on Thursday, tbe 7tb, at Duudos on Friday, the Sfo, and at Villiora and Huytosbury on Satur day, the 9 th Octobor. We have no tolcgrajiMe announcement of the nominntiona for Crowlnnda aud Itipon and Haropden, bnt wo can hava no possible doubt that MeBBTS Kolfa and Byrne for Crofflanda, and J&iBSTH; Poole and Iiangaioro for Ripon and j Hampden made tbe usual deposits last eveuiug, and that their nominations also will bo duly announced to-day. The Lori Bishop of Melbounn delivered a lecture last evening in tho Church of England, subject: ' The Antiquity and Condition of Primeval Man,' whioh, in conBequenpe of tho unfavorable weather, was thinly attended. His LordBhip expressed bis pleasure at the cause which produced such a rcsalt.' Wo are glad to perceive, by a inbsoription list pnblished elsewhere, that the public are responding generously to the appeal on behalf of Alexander Donaldson. Oar attention has been directed to the fact that no members of the medical proIoBiion have a* yet cantributed towards the relief of tho sufferer, but we have no doubt that they will, without any urging, act in this csso with, their customary genorosity. No eeclion of sooioty does more disinterested good towards anE,::^ humanity, often with out expecting or receiving even ;un£ ?i The rain still continues at intervals, a&u; thera can bo no donbt that it has baen general throughout the oounlry. Our Echuoa cor respondent writeB thus on the 30.h Soptom bor : ? ' Tho rain reported te have fallen hero vesterfay morning for Borne three hours, was succeeded xu tho aftarnoon by a regular down pour, which has ngar'y. filled all the waterholea, and vegetation ia rapidly recovering its verdant hue. Tho atmosphere is still vory humid. His Honor Judge Moloiworth delivered no less than five judgments yesterday — three in Equity and two in his Insolvency Jurisdiction. The first was in re Geraghty v. Macquario, which waa an attempt by one oreditor to oast another from administering to the intestate aBtate of a debtor. His Honor's judgment was in favor of tho defendant with costs. Tho sooond was Laughton v. Monro, a bill Jo compol Bpeciiio performance of a contract, and His Honor'B jadgment was again in favor of tho defendant, but without costs. In re Webster v. Yorko, His Honor's judgment was in favor of the plaintiff. In Insolvency, he grantod the certificate in re HerriBg, and delivered a voluminous jadgment in re George Strickland. Tho insolvent being dissatisfied at the plan of distribution in his estate, submitted thirteen objections, whioh were duly argued. His Honor's jadgment yesterday was ib. favor of tho assignee, with the exception of the 5th, Cth and 7th, and on those he ordered certain costs to be re-tasud. Wbtt seems to be a moat important disco very has been made by some prospectors in the ranges to the north-wast of the El Dorado, towards Docker's Plains, as we loam from the Spectator :—' Tho details as to tho esaot lo cality, &c;, aro aa yet kept secrot, at tho ground is not registered, bttt from what little^ we hava hoard it would appear that an entiroly new country is about to be oponed up. Of course the total want of water in tbat direolion in Buoh a season aa this ?will materially retard tho de velopment of th* new discovery.' Tenders wire opened yosterday, at tho offlcG of the Board of Land aud Works, for twdnty sheep trucks. The lowest tender uont in was that of Mr James Rawlinga for the Bum of £3,700, but as no Minister was present, it wbb merely notified that it would be referred to the board for acceptance if approved of. £25 for tho detection of tho persons who oa the 6th S«ptembor deposited the body of a child on a vacant piece of gtound in Bouverio street, Carlton ; and a reward of £50 for the detection of those coaoerned in setting fire to a fenco on the Kutaadra-run, Shepperton, on the 8th of Sep'tamber. In the current number of the Colonial Monthly, we find this compliment to an ex journalist who, in entering the puroly politioal arena, appears to have retained all his active sympathy for tha welfare of thepresa : — ' Our article of teat month, on 'Restrictions on Colo nial Literature,' has Been so far successful, that the Colonial Monthly has boen placed upon tho list of periodicals entitled to the privilege of the ponny post. Immediately after its pub cation, representations were made by the pro prietor to the authorities; and tho warmest thanks- ol the reading com munity, as well bjs of all thoso interested ia the advancement of knowledge, are due to the late Attorney- General for his prompt aotion in the'mitter, and liberal interpretation of the law affeoting the ' Colonial Monthly.' This is no party nowapapor, but iu recording the oventB of tho past month, it would be an aat of injustice to pasn unnoticed the manner in whioh MrG.P. Smith reoeived the representa tions addressed. Largo sums of money are spent, and a great deal of talk is uttered about educa tion in this country, but a simple action like that of the late Attorney-General does more to advance progress in this respect than all the speoches over delivered on a platform. We congratulate our readers, oussolves, aud colonial lito'raturo generally, on tho alteration thus made.' The Auckland Herald intimates that ' it is the intention of the directors of the Long Drive . claim not to allow tho mag nificent apeaimen, weighing nearly 200 lb, taken oat of that claim, to be crushed with the remainder of the specimen atone. Though it will not bo sent by the Hero on kor present trip, it wUI be B«nt by another opportunity to Victoria, when it will have a doable interest as allowing the extraordinary richness of the Thames stone, and coming from the only claim in whiob, we believe, tho Duko of Edin burgh during his recent viait to the colo nies investod. When the stono has been ex hibited in : Australia for a short period it will, wo trust, bo sent to England. If people at a distance will not believe all they hear and read, surely they will give credence to anoli evidence as that.' A little girl named Elliott, aged about five or nix years, fell down a shaft ninety feet deep at Cardigan, on Wednesday. Sho was not, strange to aay, much injured, aud ia likely soon to recover from tho effects of her fall. ' The new men from Ballar*t, says the Ovens Spectator, engaged for the El Dorado, wero to have camped at tho Three Milo Creek on Tuesday night. Accord ingly the strikers despatohod to thera a deputation of three persons to see them there, ana enaeavor to gain meir Bympsuniea ; in fact to induce them to joiu the strike. No throat of any sort waa to be held out, and the now-oomors were to be guaranteed their koep as long as tho strike lasted. The Borlin oerrespondent of tho Ingle wood journal, writing from Tylor'a on Sep tember 28th, flays :— On Friday and Saturday SGVOrRl UugRUfca WUtO 1VUUU uvtu tun bvviuixj iuu at Tyler's flat, the largest I heard of weighed 69 oz, and the smallest half an ouooo. Yester day a fine nugget of 29 oz was got near Ford's claim, and to-day another of 8 oz was got from the same locality. Near the stockyard botb. above and below, several nuggots havo been obloinod since Friday, the largest weighing 10 oz. Taking Tyler'a flat, oommoncing at Ford's property to Willan'B woolshed, I don't think 15 por cent, of the claims are giving anything like wages. Many of the_ miners h*ve made hundreds of pounds, while hun dreds' have not made tucker. The ground near Willan's woolahed, which promised to turn out so well, is, I am norry to oay, a. failure. I*, appears tbat the ship Alaxanisr Duthie while bound from London for Melbourne, came into collision with another vessel in the English Channel. The captain briefly reports tho ae oidont, as wo gather from the European Mail : ? ti On 22nd Jnly, at 6.30 p.m., weather thick, wind W.N.W. moderate, ship being between St. .It i ? . TT ? 3 __.l Ol. n.iU.Mnn'. .f.tiliinrr fn the S.W., fog horn constantly going, and a good look out on foreoaatle aud poop, look-out reported «hip en port tack, oae point oa lee bow. Ordered the helm to be put hard a-port, head sheets let go, but as the other ship (tha Princess Somawaty, for Bombay) kept on her courso, a collision took place which did oon siderablo damago to my ship. Wa cleared from tho vessel aud made for Portsmouth, where I arrived on the 23rd.' We hear from Ports mouth that tUe Alexander Duthio lost figure head, 'outwater, and jibbootn sprang; the Prinoess Somawa'.y put in with damage to starboard bow, covering board split, and head gear Blightly damaged. Tho Alexander Dathie proceeded again 29th Jnly. ThiB is the vessel on board which the Rbv. James Metrtia, the minuter elect of Collins street Baptist Chapel, took iiis passage. John Wallace was brought up at the police court, Wftngaratta, on Tuesday morning, charged with, the abduction of a girl named Bryon, (rom Howlong. Ho wa* remanded to Wahgunyah. Au investigation into the oondaot of con stable Fitzgerald took place at the Wangaratta police barracks on Taosday, before the distriot superintendent. The inqairy into the con etabla's condact arose from his having sum moned a ' Miss M'Gregor aboat a fortnight ago for ttsing obscene language to somebody at about three o'clock in the morniDg. Rebut t'ng evidoaco wrs prodaoed to the offect that \ tho constable w»s the aggressor, he haviDg at tempted to got ingress to the honae at tho above untimely hour, but was ropuliodiy Miss M'Gregor. The investigation was conducted with closed doors.' Tho Rov. Dr. Tucker visited H.M.S.S. Nelson yesterday afternoon in company with tho Rev. G. Wilkinson, of Williamstown, and greatly interested the boys in training by giving thorn some accounts cf Abyssinia. Captain Payne expressed his thanks, with, thoso of the officers and men, for the kindness shown to the boys, and said they ware all compara tively isolated, and felt indebted to Dr. Tucker for tho instructive address he lad given them. The boys were particularly delighted with about twenty large pictorial illustrations by the Working Mens Educational Union, which were explained as descriptive of life in Africa and other countries. A special meeting of tho Emerald-hill Borough Council was held last night, when a r&to; of one shilling in the pound was etruok for ti: Tear ending 30th June, 1870, All the councillora Serfi present excapfc Councillors Nimmo and Wkiteman. Tho following horses have beeu scratched for the M«lbourn» Cap:— My Dream, Rag picker, Sir William al-d Darkie. On Monday afternoon, ?t f«nr o'olock, at tbo Criterion Hotel, a publio mC-itiDg will be held for the purpose of making arraB£?menti for a return ball to the Msyor and Mrs Monb?ay. Thera were 139 births and 71 deaths r« gistered in the metropolitan and suburban dis triots during the weok ending 25th September, twelve of the do»tba having occurred in the hospital. The districts are reported as gens rally healthy. The vital statistics for the month of August show that 271 deaths eccurred during the month, giving a daily average of 8.74. This number exceeded uy II (tie average number oi tbe sams month, during the paat ten years, but tho mortality is not greater than might reasonably be expected from the increase of population 'dating tho poriod. 59 por cent, of the deaths were of inoloB and 41 per cent, of' fomalos, and 35 per cent, was of children under fivo years of age. Four octft gonariana died during the month, alao two males between 75 and 80 years of age. Male, aged 77, of enlargement of tho liver ; male, aged 79, ef old aga ; male, aged 81, of bron chitis; female, aged 81, and female, aged 82, of old age; female, aged 32, of asthma. 62 deaths, or neurly 23 per cant, cf the wholo, took place in publio institutions. The deaths of children under five years of ago num bered 96, of which 58, or about 60 per cent., were of males, and 38, or nearly 40 por cent., wero of females ; of those dyiug, 71 wero under ouo year of age, 15 wero between one and two yean, 4 were between two and three, 4 were between three and four, and 2 wero between four and fivo. 01 the oanses of death 41 were from zymotia diseases, 53 from constitutional diseases, 91 from local diseases, 10 from developmental diseases, and 7 from violent deaths, oil whioh 1 was from hanging, at the Melbourne gaol. Daaths from zymotio disoases numbered 41 against 55 in tho pre vious month. They were ?xoeeded by those from constitutional diseases and very much ex ceedod by those from local diseases. Their proportion to the deaths from all causes (15 '13 per cent.) is the lowest recorded for any msnth of the last tou jomb. Tho most fatal com plaints were those classed as local diseases, especially those of the nervous and respiratory syatoms. The utual quarterly meeting of the Wil liamstown Co- oporntive Company, Limited, took place last evening at. the Mechanics' Insti tute, Electra-street, Mr G. Murray presiding. The profits for the quarter end'ng 11th Sep tember were set down at £19, whioh will be dis posed of by paying a dividend of 5 por cant, for tho laut year to the shareholders, the balance {if ens) to be added to tUo building fund. A tender of £380 10a was aooooted for the oreotion of suitable promises for conduct ing the compauy'a butineas. The mooting re elected Messrs Murray, Sheldrake, Redman, Cook, Baird aud Burns as a committee for the ensuing half year. : A return of the number of assisted immi grants sent for from 1st : January to 14th Au gust, 18C9, is published iu the Gazette of last night, from which it appears that 670 males and 711 fomalus have .fjoen sent for from Eng land and Wales : 13G males aud 162 fenuloB from Scotland ; and 593 mules and 749 females from Ireland, or a total of 3021 souls, of which 1399 are males and 1622 females. From tho immigration and emigration returns for tho month of August, also published in tho Gazette, it appears that the numbar of persons arriving in the colony daring tho month was in excel* of those leaving by 1805, 1647 peraonB having departed against 3452 landed in tbe colony. Of these, 1528 were^from tho neicthboring colonies, 1292 were from the United Kingdom, ind 632 from foreign ports. Of the 1647 porssnB who left tho colony, 1417 went to the neighbor ing colonies, 207 to the United Kingdom, and 23 to foreign ports. Another case of supposed infanticide has been brought to light, the body of a nawly born malo child having boen found about a quarter to 10 o'clock yestorday morning, inside the fenco of Mnrohioon-nqaaro, corner of Canning and Owen-streets, Carlton, by a man, named Edwin Goodson, who at onco gave information to the police, and the body was removed to tho Dove Hotel to await an in queat. The body was wrapped in a piece of old calico, appirontly a pioco of a shirt, and it had also an outside wrapper of brown paper. The umbilical cord had boon cut about four inohoa in length, but was not tied; and the only mark of violenoo is a string mark on tho Bido of the nook. An important point waa ruled in the Sand hurst police court yesterday, that when the debt had been originally over £20, and reduced by payments under that sum the plaintiff cannot sue in the polico oourt, but must take the case into the County Court. The Bendigo Evening News announces the death of 'one of our oldest Bendigonians, though comparatively a young man, Mr Samuel Macord, hotelkeeper, Ball-street. He had been ailing for a couple of weeks, and died this (Friday) morning, at the early age of thirty eight. Mr Macord was well known in tho earlier days of Bendigo as mine host of the Commercial, and was much esteemed.' Siys the Ballarat Mail:— 'We ai-e pri vately informed that Mr Kenealy and his twenty -four Irish fellow-prisoners will arrive at Melbourne by. the Rangatira to-morrow (Saturday). Tho lattor are to bo allowed to land and remain on shore till the steamer leavoi for Sydney, bat Mr Kenealy is to be re fused permission. A telegram frem Adelaide ha* been to-day received, stating; that none ef tho twenty-four will avail themselves of their privilege if the same courtesy be not extended to their companion.' The first number of. Touchstone has made its appearanoe, coming not as an ordinary ' comio' periodical, but 'a Saturday journal of oriti ciam, commentary and satire.' Taking Bach high ground, and having been ushered in with suoh a flourish of trumpets, it was really ex pected to be a first-class publication of the kind, l.nfc if thn nroBBnt i*ino is to be recorded aa a sample, the disappointment will be pr» found. Tho hand of one cultivated writer is discernible here and there, but the bn'i of the literary iuutler is simply miserable. Touch stone professes to furnish 'satire, not slander,' but instead of sparkling, genial_ wit, we have just a series of politioal diatribes, characterised by valgar personality. Neither Punch nor Humbug need dread much from, such a wretched rival as this. 'We find the following in the Dunolly Ex press:—' It would seem as though a neighbor ing contemporary of ours wore desirous^ of establishing a reputation for — well, not to put too fine a point upon it — statements not altoge ther veraoious. A leading article in one of its recent issues affirms that cert»in newly estab lished daily and weekly journals wera oatting the ground from beneath the feet of The Age and Leader. This artiole was duly extracted and made tho most ef , and by some peraonB was possibly accepted as containing facts. Wo have ascertained the aotual Btate of the casa as regards four localities, whioh stand thus. Ic three of thorn the two journals said to be rapidly displacing Tht Age and The Leader have no circulation whatever; aud in the fourth The Age beats its daily rival by about ten to one, and The Leader its weekly com petitor by between iixty and seventy to ono. It is perhaps for obvious reasons unnecessary to name the districts referred to, although, if called upon to do so, we are ready to sub stantiate our statements. We goaroely need add that we have no pecuniary inteieat in The Ape or The Leader.' Although the magistrates have not the power to order those Coya found guilty of inaaltiag females iu the Btroet to be flogged, it is in their power to inflict euslj a punishment ia the* wit of imprisonment as may perhaps act g» a caution to offenders of this class. At thn City Cjurt yesterday a young man mmed Sampson Kent wbb charged with usiog most filthy lan Ruage to a rcipectablo married woman named Baldwin, who was passing along Lonstlale Ktroet on the previous afternoon. The lout made some blnbbering excuses f.bout bciDg very sorry, and never doing so any more j but the bench ordered him to pay a fine of £5, or go to gaol for two months, and ho was removed from the court howling like a whipped hoaad. An extremely sudden death occurred at Rich mond on Thursday night. Thomas Brandon, a young man aged nineteen, clerk in a building society's office, retnrnad home on the afternoon of thai day, oompUining til being unwell, and Dr. Wilson was sent for. Ho rallied and appeared quite well between nine and ten o'clock in the evening. His mother, however, sat up with him, and about two o'clock sho called her husband to fetch Dr. Wilson, as de ceased was vory reftlcss, but before he reached tho house ha was dead. Dr. Wilson made &jpost; morte'n examination. Ail the organs were healthy, but thera was one largo clot of fibrine in the right ventricular opening of the heart, and a smaller clot in the left ono. The cauio of death wac cardiac syncope. The clot of blood in the heart interfered with tke circu lation and caused death. Had witness arrived before his death ho could not have prevented the fatal result. At tho inqueat held by Mr Candler yesterday, tbe jury returned a verdict of death from obstruction to the heart's action from natural causer. Tn^ business at tho City Polioo Couit yesterday ^'though occupying seven hours, was generally very n2-»porUnt, the case taking up most time being ono ol «Allft «««r»on, which was dismissed. Another weaiy c2?Rj 'which was ultimately remanded until Monday, I?m one of obtaining £33 by falso represent Uinno TiTi.1ni*1fMin fnllnwirKT flirflnmstftnrnfl ? — In tbe early pait of January a person named Walton (the prisoner) went to Mr Brow, Elizsbeth-atreet, nnd wantod » sum of £33 advanced to purchase a piano from Messrs Wilkio, Webster and Allen. Brew gave him a post-dated cheque for £10 which was paid to Messrs Wilkie and Co. ua a deposit, and a day or two aftor ho drew a bill for £35, which was acoeptod by the prisoner, and then lodged to the credit of proaocutor who drew a cheque for £35 which was cashed and JC25 givon to Walton whilst . Brow retained £10 to take up the post-dated cheque. They proceeded to Meisis Wilkia, Web Bter and Co.'s, Brew took up bis cheque, and Walton Bhowing tho other £25 to Mr Allan (one of the partners), said the balanoa would be paid when the piano waB sent home. When tho bill came to maturity it ivaa dis honored, and prosocutor had to take it up himself. Upon this he pr«oeeded to take pos session of the piano andor a bill of sale ho hai reoeived as seourity for hi» advance, and he then disoovsrod that the piano had never beep sold to Walton, bnt was hired by his wifo. As it was getting dark in the court before the prosa outor's cross-examination was finished the case was remanded until Monday. All the other ca«ea on the sheet wero of a minor character. Notice is givan in tho Gazette that the part nership bitheita existing . between William Gray BailHe and James Stowart Butters, trad ing as ' Baillio and Butters,' was On tho 8th of September dissolved by mutual cousent. Tho business will in future bo carried on by Mr Batters. Ab a milk-cart belongiug to Mr Hawkins, of Boroondara, was being driven down the hill at Kew, on Friday, some of tha harness gava way, and, tho shafts coming down on tho ground, the occupants woro thrown eut and the horse got away. The cart was being driven by a nwa named John Williams, and there waa also in the oart a laborer named Thomas Roberts, aged 63\. They both got up, and Williams went after the horse whiUt Roberts stayed with the cart. After catching the liorsu and repairing the damage to the harness, Roberts com plainod of having pains all over him, and when they got to;tho Survey Hotel, Roberts fell down en his face, aud ha wrs pioked up and carried into the hotel, but he died almost im mediately—before a dootor. could be sont for. Dr. Ralph made a post mortem examination of tho body, and although the brain was slightly congeatod thero was no sign of internal injury of any kind. Tke cause of deatk waa fainting from tho condition of tho heart, whioh w«3 larger than uiu»l, and probably from tho shock ho had reooived by his fall from the cart. Au inquest was held yesterday by Dr. Candlor, when tho jury returned a verdiot in accordance with the medical evidence. Glennon the turnk«y, and Mies Day the fe male turnkey, of the' Beechworth gaol, who were lately auspended oa suspicion of their having been implicated in tho escape of the prisoner Bruce, were arrested on Tuesday, and charged with aiding and assisting in that escape. The police aakod for a remand till Thuraday, and bail wub taken — their own iu £100 onob, and one surety of £100 each. Tho circumstances aro said to be of a ' romantio' character. About one o'olock yesterday morning, as a man namod Hugh Millan, aged fitty-five was driving a oart along the Sydney-road from some unexplained cau3e he fell out and snatiuned a compound fracture of the right leg. He was re moved to the hospital and tho fracture reduced, and he is now progressing favorably. Nathan Wheatly, en old resilient oi aumy Gully, was at the marking of tho site of tho Cosmopolitan Company's shaft on Tuesday. Ho drank off at once about three quarters of a tumbler of braudj, and reeled away under the influence of tko potion. Shortly afterwards he was found lying at a little distance, quite ? dead. A frightful accidont occurred at the olaini of the Rokowood Quartz and Alluvial Company, Pinohgut, on Thursday morning. A shut having hung fire, two miners, Ned Boylan, of Moonlight, and Jemmy, a Chinaman, [pro ceeded to drill it out, and, while ao employed, tho charge exploded, mutilating Boylan's lace in a foarful way, and, aa supposed, completely destroying his sight. Jemmy, not being ip modiatoly in front of tho ohargo, received in juries, but not anything like thoso of his comrade. Lint night ' Naroisse ' and the burlesque of 'The Miid and tho Mogpio' wero repeated for the last time at the Theatre Royal, and at tracted a large audienoe, who ovinoed their ap probation1 of the spirited performance of tne leading members of the company by loud ap plame. :This evening ' Hamlet ' will be pro duced, introducing Herr Bandmann and Miss Roue Evona in Shakapearisn oharactors forUiB first time. The tragedy is strongly cast, Herr Bandmann playing Hamlet, Miss Rose Evana Ophelia, Miss Adelaide Bowing the Qaoen, Sir J. B. Steele tho Ghost, Mr Harwood Polumus, Mr Leattio* Horatio. As Hamlet is generally considered the test of a great actor's powers, considerable interest i« erinoed aa to tterr Bandmann'« rendering ot the character, ana tkere will no doubt bo a good house. There was a moderats attendance at Weston'i Opera House lait evening, when a vary satisfactory programme waa dispoiea oi. Tho D«nce of DanoeB, by Kelly and Holly, « apparently as popular as over, and the scenis by Mr Rainford were loudly applauded, as was Harry Kelly's impersonation of tha Happy ™ Man: ana a new Sketch, entitled ' Law versut Matton,' containing a travestie of a £»uce Court, oauaad ro»™ of laughter. On Toes day next Mr Lj Fenillade takes a boneM. when a new song, with chorus, and » series ot tableaux, entitled 'Little Barefoot, will w prenentedfor the first timo, and great trouble and'expense has been expended on the prepara tion of this piece. 'aHTGboves has called our attention to jm error in tho report of his leoture. XhepM dieted hailstorms are to be experienced in JMo vember, not to-day.' w_,..,W. Mr W. C. Weeke's lectures in the Bmaiu hill Mechanics' Institute on Monday^evenuig next on the ' History of Journalism. i' .abject will no doubt b8 a highly «»»«''«« one in anch a newspaper loving community as ''THE velocipede riding-school at the Poly teohnio closed last evening, and to-day _w .took of bicycles ara to bo submitted to pubM competition by auction; and on Monday ev£ ing the hall will ba opened with a grenu panorama of the New Zealand war. ( P Wa have to acknowledge the «««* ? another new publication, the Building Ta^ whioh is intended to b| an il «j»^ «£. of .cientific, mining, and prac Heal OP'1^ There ought to be fair scope for saob. a jonrna., and wo wish it success. . , , to. Amoko lha religions services to ba &?» ' morrow, tho following are the P«f 'fL ?']og Rev. Charles Clark preaches both morn „ and evening in the Albert-stree Bap Chorch. Tbo Rov. Irving Hethormg preaches to-morrow at %™m^aMa, ot fcollins-street, and ***'?&*?$$£&« Geeloug, in tha evening, lua oouuu m ?'?' T i «;n worship in St. Enoch'* G^ffiSr*''''- N« will preach m j* uSS- °- »'? I-MB NMr m «'*„,,..„ Bowliko Ci.nB.-An oxtre Int Catu-toh . { tho members of *w»*7,?««^l5f*'ingoh,b B! bc!d last : jj,, CKiion u-^'^ Hote)( Lygon. ! i^A! Mr D. H. Ballanlyse, Hie i ^'Pf 'teetins w to elect a pre.i i «' .^rfSrS the lale Mr James M'Bean, ! if5'( W-e arranRemcDtH for opening the i m1 Ur Bftllsntyno ' wbb nnanimouly ! |f4M°.' -T.ident Conncillor Pigeon wai ? fi! tPo hfvt-pr.8i.lent.hip, and Mr J. ? ,]eiW 10 ' ' to{r a a committee man. Thir I J«BB»*m™'™t an4 M'Lean were f Wa match committee. The .eon l]ltl Lcced that the profit derived ! W ,rZJi*i'n by Mr Glover in aid of ? SSS «£b baaUnated to £24 11,, ? , H.«erricfBthat he ihonld be elected a \- £ the clah. A vote of thanks was W™f°' RTlvette.r Bunnon for bu exer rl^riBtlbgthe preparation of the J * Irine tho winter. It wan aanonncod iSnicffieMon, and it was arranged that play IS&enee; on the Mowing day, weather II ' liT Tho members then settled down |SSl«^».mliM agreeable even 1 jtg «u epent. 