OLD STORIES RE-TOLD. (From All dte Y'ear Iound.) THEATICAL PAItEWELLS. GARRICK AND I S IDDONS. I. DAIID GAORICK. Continued That Garrick telt intense pain at the thought it this implending parting there ro be no donlt. lie was like the eleepiug knilght in Tasou's enchunt d garde.n of Arcidal, now at last to bu roughly awoke and expelled holn the gulden world ol dreuuam. 'Ilie utge gceeptre o as to be laid donu, the stage cruwn twan to be given toe other Ihands. The paluted forests of Arden wtre to be quitted, the dim imagic light ol the durke?ed stage, the ia.teboarid f.r tres.?s, and Richard'u roual couch, were to be er no tc more; red fire was no lunger to glare ulun hil.; stage' jen ls were to be laid aside. Hle a. to go frtlh ill his old age into the coldl, guri.h, irosic outer world, and tuo !eve his courtliers and armie., his cou.nlirutors anl d iea.aut,, to be governed b) anctlher, Like Culihrn, lhe Ionut aulmust beae wept to " drlteam agaisi." Shakes llare Iiuusel had a deep- sense? oh the I erlhublae nature of au I clor's I'ae., It istaier lodescribe u special laubow, or the swift ti.ion of a nIohuentary sulelal,o thal to conUtey all iLpresiron to those who lare lnut eeo him llat evern Ituhon uaa. like in his tlilauxes of niroous irritation alterunatlig ttthlgaie.ty. Wh'o can dlsmibte justly .1hcrluad 'a i td) rr or Virgihniua, the elder K. ltt' ltigerlike rage, or thu ge .eruus inanlintes i Btallieter-? The actor's true luu Iheri thes with his Jilt ;. aller death it i. only a fitful ulld uar)l g tlaedtion. It suou h,-coutee dilputro whletter Ito-cius or Gurrick were or wv re not better than tie Ilouterges of this or that theatre, he who acts Othello like the mrud butcher that Ihe is, anll cruok. through ialemlct like tue ravei en 3eluchetih' battlemeuls. 1au via I such is thu ltale of the actor. It reall cerases when theu tuot lights are put out It ter theI Jult alippe'rantc,.. T'lhu poi and tiocel ruay be , eternal, the picture Ital its own motre pIrecarious bat still aung eaietettce, the conquest is remtttsnlrcr d by the luture li.nery it e..tails; but the actor, tlhe actor is Such stuff As dreams are made of, and hIs little life Is rounded by a nle, p. Ilis paintlld t s.rid efi lughtter atd of tear. i. but the bItes li fabric at a aisitn ; Ils cloud. caltl.ed it oers are but as the eveiring ahudowa aId olell into air-UtnI thin air. - Garrick h:ud alreadvy tht some bitter Itre tastree ol death. T ae worst kick the dy itg lion rect ices ih ifron the houof of the as'. The detractors, tt ho ltent appear like buits in the twnilight ,l a great .a ua's life, begun to say that as Hangu r Ile had-got ald inl tihe leg.; that lhil fce? ns now Io tut tinkled andi hi. e)e too luetreleos fur Itumsro; that his voice. atus too buuree anrd hIlluw tor Huamlel. Ilin Iiul Irla lhad brelue pIitl, said they ; hi sitck twa.tits ay t his upper hp was like a turgid pI,,ece ut leather. Cibber. had breen better ?n Buyer, Quin as Sir Joulil BUutre atlll tlucltit; the itw l hall disliked tis liut. .spulr. O lBrien hadi belen a smlarlter coxcomllb atld cmat ult lateliut. lrs rClive. altl lur pireted thi itt low cotltdy, Quin tit Lear, Julitbon it Illture, Mrra Purter in iparaiurtatle tregedy. TiThle uulish Iatlers Iluted as sItrutigy as il they could d.retve pecuniary benetlit lruiu a great tllult'a duatalill, aelnl (isnlick, all nIerve atnd ta:it), Garrick, tie Iiun ttu o wrote i~s own CiiIqtue, lqulsered lit evlry gnit-bitu as if IIbt ad been crulnched by the tleelh uf a tiger. S'hic lets at e dote, tile jest grows stale, l'he tlnmps are grluoilig unl and pale, And taoeut arks iui boco ? thlie tslgit b lure I.e (itle thre stage for eves, iGarrick allcte lurcaill to tlrged . lie platled Lear thic nie Curdetlao of ciist Yuutge. ilia biutntlliper, .luts lit, tells .uas wher Garrick gut hi- mIuel fur the toad king. lie t" When lie began to study this' great and dithicult purt, ihe talls cqlutiutcrl triltl a wurthl lU an whu litsed ile L.ellci-stlreet, Guodmiu's t ld ds this lrried Iual .ute utly daoughler, about Iwu. ars old;d Iui stuod at Ils dJlllsiu;g rous attnitduW I tutllll Iliaechild, atnd dang litng it I rell i?tie, tt hen it was Ides solefortuue t l airup lutluni t tiuty a ilagged area, anid \+ i -,. billed it on the spot. ' lie reraniied at lin wio .1 c 'crera'i.luug in uignine.s of grief. Tue I neifhbbors flecked to lithe ltu-sr, te)ok upl the chilli, aid delivered it dead to the ucthaipy lather, vli0 welt bitterly, and illed the atreet with lnmientatioie. flu lust his enases, and I Iroml tlhat nllllnelt never r- coivered his under Inollling. As I.e I ad suffici at fortunte, hi.i friends cthoe to let him remain in his Iouse under teo keepers appointed by Dr Mohiro. Garr:ck friqiently' went to see his distracted Irirnd awl ia.-HeJ the reiimainder i of hli ;le ill going to the ainiduw, and there pilayintgin ltincy a'ith his child. Alter lsome dalliance he dropped it, and burting into a flood of I tears, hll d the iusIe w illt shri ks of griet aind Litter atigluilt. lie then sat dotwn ill a pen sive rluood, hi. eyes fixed on one object, at times looking slowly round Ihim as if to hi pinre CoUmpa--ion. Garrick was ofllen ire- t'nt at thlis cene of mlitecry, uild a, ever after u-rd to ray that it gabe lion the first idea of King Lear's m duili so." As ti.e curtain fell tin the dead king and hi. dead daughter, Lear anil Curdelia lay tin the tage side by cide Ihad in band. Tieh) role t agelfit r, and hand it hland still went in silence to the dreiiig-.nlr , followed by mainny of the cot.pane'. 'Jhey stoon. there, Lear and Cordelie, -ill bound by the strong sympathly td the play, iLand in hatind, audwithoutaptn ak ing. At let Gaorick eate, mourufully, and vitr a sighl: " Ah I Besi i e, this is the loot time I shall eter be ?our father-the la-t time I" Then their hands fell a-und, r. yMisa Younge rerlied with alln affeclionate hope that, beloretlhry finally I arted, he wouuld kindly give her a father's ble.+iag. Garrick rai.ed I is ;b.nds Iolemn!y; Mis. Younge b hit Iher knee, and howed her fair Ii adl, as the old ul I' fervently prayed G--d to hile-. her. Tiln sloaly turniug, he eaid, " May God Iless you all!" and retired t. take off his King Leaur dress for the list time. 'When Quin nae dying at Bath, lie said: "I could t i. thant the ]iat tragic scene were over, tnod I hope I may e beenabled to meet and pn.a- through it tilth dignity." Oni Garrick,. tu-tactor n ltto had I la eda ithuidri d clturacters and Ihad origillated thirty, that last lsene had now opened. Regret, ,orrow, and gratitude, we re struggling iI lhis heart. U.. the lth ofl June, 1776, Garrick aplear. ed lur ti e last time as Don Felix in the comtedv of tie Wonder. lie hal wished to close tait lticlhard the Third, his fir-t great triumllh ; but he had consider, d ti at alter the iersousae umult of the tent-cetO*, aiil the rage and i,usion of tlhey battle, he .snouhl tie worth nuthillg,, and mlight ble too latil;ued to utter his. trewell. lue braced hinli-ll upa to be onlce uore dazzling, rivaciou.. airy, galdnt, ant wittyv. lie reol*erd ti show hlimliell as if pa-il.d through Medena', caldron, again young and vigorou. Gar-. rick's thirllt had been cruelly ridiculed by Foote and other hlea tless wits as the basest at.nginess. Ills last public act, nholtever, was a work bI chatity. lie had alwas been a generous rival unda kind manager. 11e now wished to enforce on a thoughtlees and some what reckless race the nuceasity of providing for the poor.stragglers Irom the ranks, and fur the defeated and beaten down in life's long and toualg battle. A fund for old alln infirm actors had been incorporated at Drury liane by his exertions; lie had ols t provided nt aunual benetit to help tfrward the chtari:y. Ile now announced th:at the pitfits ui his last teght were to go to this adnurable fund. SHlis prologue on ttis uccasiun was admirably tneat, full of humour, and containtled many I happy allusions to the lotley contra.ts of theatrical life: A aet'ran tee ! whose lbat act on tile stage Intrests yoa:r smiles for aickness asd for age; Their cau-e I plead; plead it in heart and wind; A fellow-feeling makes one wond'rous kind I Mlight we but hope your ze1I would not be lhss, Whlen I aun gouile, to patrouise distress, T..at hope o.aainud thle wish'd-fur end secures, Jo soothe their cares, who oft have lighten'd yours. Shall the great heroes of ceestial line, Who drank full bowls of Greek and Itoman wine. Calsar and IBrutus, Agamennon, II.etor, Nauy, Jora himsetf, who here has quatl'd his nectar Shall they. who govern'd fortune, cringe and court her, Thirst in their age, and call in vain for portet? t ike Belianrius, tax the pityling stret t. With " itule obululm," toadll they meet t Shan't I, who oft have drench'd my hand. in gare, Stnbb'd many poison'd some, beheaded more, WVao numbers slew in bhattle on thi plh.in. Shan't I, the slaver, t y to feed the s sin I Blrother to all, w.th equal luve I view e The meni who slow men, anid the imen I slew ; I I must, I will, this happy project seize, SrThat those, too old and weak, may live with cae. Suppose the babes 1 smother'd in the tow'r, ly lthalce or sicklnets, loe their ac" ng power; Shull they, once princes, worse than all be served In childhood murder'd. and, when murder'd San red? nMatroins half ravish'd, fur your recreation, InI ige should ,tever want so .0e coisulation: Can 1, youllg liamlet once, to nature lost, Iechuld, O hlrrible I my. Ihther's glost, With glizzly beard, pale cheek. stalk tip and e down, r And he, the royal Dane, want half-a-crown? SForbid it, ladies; gen lelcen, forbid it: Give jov to age, and let 'em say-you die it. 'To you, ye gods II mnake my last appeali SIYou have a ight to judge, as well as feel. Will yiur high wiadlodu to our cheats incline, I'hat kinlgs, queens, heruas, gods, and ghots, a may dime ? Olympus hakes! - that omen all secures; yuly Ca ry joy you give be tenfold yours. S Tuning himself by thiis piyful and Ihappily w ritten pirologue to his phitful task, Garrick delivered it gayly, atid with the. true point and sparkle, and then wrent through hli part of Doll Felix with great hunmour and asautued vivacity. Naow came the awful moment thait was to extinguish at once the sunshine of thirty years of public favour. Hle ihad now to close Sdownt over lis own head the lid of' hils oWa a coffin. The pleasure, pride, and hItpe ul his life hlad beel Ilis success upion that snage upon which hle atas now ubout to turn his reluctant back. He had had the goud selne to feel that verse would be too restricting a vehicle rfor his feelings of sorrow, antd withl his e fine sensiitie countenance quivering with unl'eigned emutiuon, hie advauced anid ad Sdresasea tile aulience in these bimplO but e toulcing words " adtes antd Gentlemen,-It has been cus d tomnary wit permouns under my circtuttlances a to aduressa you in a larewrell eptlougue. l had a the saite iuteitlon, lnd turned Iny thoughts , tllit way; but I foullnd itysel Ilten as in \- capable ol writing such anlt epilogue, as I \- shotuld be now of spelaklng it. Thejingle of t. hT tIte alulIr guitllry. very awful moment: it is no less than parting n for ever with those from whom I have re- 11 ceived the greatest kindness, and upon- the p spot where that kindness and your favours ' were enjoyed. [Here his voice failed hun; rhyme and the language of fiction would but A ill suit my present feelings. This is to me a is he Paused, till a gush of tears relieved him.] \Whatever may be the changes of my future life, the deepest impression oat your kind-ess will always remain here--here, in ny heart, fixed and unalterable. I will very readily agree to my successors having more skill and a ability for their station than 1 have had ; but p: I defy them all to take more uninterrupted 11 pains for your favour, or to he more truly sea. C sidte of it, than is your grateful humble ser vant." Having uttered these sentiments, he bowed 8 resl ectluily to all parts of thie house; and at h1 a slaiw pace, anl with much hesita:ion. with- ,a drew for ever fronI the presence oat se towen I The audience felt what it was lo.ing, and was reluctant to ipart-parting is such sweet sorrow. They 'felt, as Dr Browne hid A written, that his great genius hadl dignified T the stage, had " restored it to the lulness ol U its ancient splendour, and with a variety of is powers be;ound example e-tablishcd nature- w Shakespeare and hlimself." The gaiety of 0 the nation, as Joinson laid, was ecllpsed by hii exit. ,Men were seeings and hearing, for si the last time, what Smollettlhad prai.ed: - *"The osertness and eariety of tones, the Irresistablu uagro t hlis e e, the fire and vivacity of Irsa action, the elegance at b attitudes, and the ihule pathos of ex iproun'." b Every face in the theatre was clouded with s' gril, tensr were bursting from many eyel and rolling down many cheleks. The sorr',f was electric, and spread from heart to heart. 'he cry ol " Farewell " reseaunded Irom box to bor, and seat to seat, till it became a mighty agitated clamour like thie moan of a L troubled ucean. A sun hatd gone down alter a a day of chlungelss lustre; the end of the el theatrical world seetoed come. ii Garrick sun alter signedl the deedls for the a sale of hall his patent to Seeridan, Ford, and Lindley, and retired to his pretty and tran- t quil villa at Hlampton. lie died on January 20, 1779, at his house, No 5, Adelphi-terrace. lie was buried grandly in the Abbey-a fit ting place for the grave of so wonderful a man. Years afterward, Dr Johnson and Boswell were one evening, in the summer evening stillness, looking over the -rails of Adelphi-tefface at thie Thames flowing below them, dark, silent, and mysterious as Lethe. After an interval of tihoughlul sileuce,,Bus well said: " I was thinking just then of two friends we have lost, who once lived in the buildings behind us. Tophans Beauclerk, and Gar- r rick." a "Ay, air," said the great man, tenderly, 1' "and two such friends as can never be sup- 1 plied." It is hard, almost impossible, to decide now whether Garrick was the greatest actor that had appeared up to his onan time. Quin was too heavy and deliberate to be compared with him. But Betterton must have been a great t genius to have so fascinated Steele, and to have won tie highest eulogies or a clever and sagacious observer of such experience as Cite her. Ills agony as Othello. Ihis graceful e lergy in the speech to thesenets, reverential love with which as Hlamlet he addressed .the Ghost, seem to have almost transcended any effort of Garrick's; but then Betterton was probably as mrach too oratorical andt conven. tional as Kemble seemed to be beside Edmund Klean.ur as Quin hiemself be-ide Garlick. I'ce man, t too, iclo used to play MAlacellt in a brown velvet court-dress smust have had a different ideal to nor own more naturalistic school, or lie wo'uld have felt the outrageous ness of aslch a convention. Perhaps, alter ill, it is by a resume of Garrick anecdotes that we get the best idea of I th' great actor. One of his i nmot extra orlinaury powers sioured to have berie" tle insiutluteous llruickness with which hie coul usume allny character, or pa's frean tears to laughter. Betterton, wihen dressed lur L. ar, remain?led Lear, and took his wine at thet sile-scenes with the gravity at a monarch. C Garrick wouil rie froesm the sidlu of dead Cerdl.lia, skip into the greon-room, and l ,cbble like a turkey-cick to amuse Peg t \ollington or iMrs Clive. lie layved the t digger-soe.nc in ordinary dtrecs to iplease Grimms, and the room, lull ol German critic', burnt iotl involuntary shouts of apl,llus . The next monment he was giving them a pastrycouk's boy who has let a tray of tart lets full inl the gutter, and is at first stuplleed, then nisy in Ihis bl.abbering. \We all know the story of the Garlijk fever, a fresh epidemic that he caused by his crowded hoellie. The peroverb still extants, of "clever as Garrick," speaks loudly too, for his genius ind his fame. ' lie as tuoished liogartih by assuming tio faee of Flelling, of whom no portrait existed, In Paris once, he nearly frightened the driver of a fiacre into fits by getting in at one dour in, the duck, getting out at the other, and returning to get in eachi tiem wille a now lace and walk. When he and Pre ville, the French actor, both competed which could feign drunkenness thle better while riding, Garrick carried off tle brl, in the opilion of every one, by alsowing that Pre villa was teirly drunk everywhere except hisa legs, but tlit they remaineld stolidly sober. When he sat to Cnronantelle for thu picture of tiee comic Garrick watclhing?the tragic Gar rick, he ekelt up an incessant facial change from wild joy to sadnese, terror, rage.anguish, and despair. Like his friend IHogarth, be was a great studet eul srtret ifaces. One nightc eluriig a fi.rca piarliaienteary debates in lile year 1777, an allgry memnber, catchnlleg ight of Garrick's droll watchlul lace, msoved tllhat Ithe gall.ry saboull. be cleared. Ilurke ihlstantly .-rerang up like a rocket, and pleaded tsr the I greet masster o eloluenci from wlceis ti himlsel'f had derived ,,aey ol tile graces at ,oratory. Black.hbrowd Fux anrd desterous elolwseend iollowed,'and also claimedll Gdr Srick as their pre, ccpitur. He was instantly uz I cel.te d froeU the getulra ord'r, anid relUamaed Sin thu gallery, pleuasedl and triulclehaut, to the Islflnitel vexation of tile hlonor.ble geneleumai II wo hacd !moved lIes expuIlion. TIeuse stOria, Iand sue 0n as these prove how deep un imlcerea alou Garrick's genius mcade in the miuslds t oven tie'greteat meun aof Iis era. " -(Tobe Continued.) 