QUEENSLAND. A Shrewd Rogue —Ah Tong was charged before the Police Magistrate, at Gym pie, o» May 3.1, with being a rogue and vagabond. — Benjamin Bitten'ierg deposed that ae conducted the business of Messrs. Wendt and Hollander, watchmakers and jewellers of the Gympie, pri soner caoae to the shop at 7 o'clock on Saturday evening, and afterwards at 9 o'clock; on the latter occasion prisoner said, 'I want to buy two ounces of gold ;' after further conversation witness weighed the gold, and placed it in the prisoner's chamois leather bag. aud received £6 14s. inpayment for it; directly afterwards la specor Lloyd came in and arrested the prisoner^ the gold was afterwards weighed, and it was found that the amount (.supposed to be two ounces) weighed, in the same scales, al out two ounces and ten pennyweights; a piece of lead and wax which the prisoner had used to stick, on to the weight scale was then added to the weight?, and it exactly halancedthe quantity oS gold ; the prisoner was in tho habit of coming to deal in gold, and generally purchased a watch* key or some other trifling article, for the pur pose of distracting witness' attention ; in a transaction about a fortnight previously witness noticed that there was something wrong with the gold scales, but could not actually detecbany thing j of late the gold account and the cash would not balance, the gold being short of the amount supposed to huve been purchased. — Inspec- tor Lloyd deposed that on the evening in ques tion h $ was outside Wendt and RolLuuler's shop ; he saw prisoner go inside and present last wit ness with an apple ; prisocer appeared to be wiping one of tho» scales with a cloth ; whilst in the aet he took something from under the scales (witness could not see what and put it in his pocket); witness went in, closed the door, and arrested him the piece of cobbler's wax and lead wa3 found in his pocket ; he was taken to the lock up ; the gold was afterwards weighed, found to be in excena of two ounces ; the marks of Wax were found at the bottom of one of tho scales. Prisoner was sentenced to six tmoaths' imprison ment, with hard labour, in Brisbane gaol. We are informed that one or two of our storekeepers who at first considered the audacious fraud, of which Messrs. Wendt and Hollander were the victims, 'a capital joke,' have lately viewed the matter in a more serious light. This may be accounted for by the fact that, on a suggestion being made to them yesterday morning, they ex amined their gold soales, and found the marks of cobbler's wax on them. It certainly ap^ars very probable that this rogue, Ah Tong, after purchasing gold from Messrs. Wendt and Hol lander, thereby making a splended though frau dulent profit, douMed his gains by selling his gold to other dealers, and practising the mnv ' celenrafcod wax trick' upon their gold scales. A Ghost Story. - -Worse ghost stone* than the followiug (which has the advantage of being true) have gone the rounds of the newfpapurs : — A family recently residin* in North Bnsbaue were about to remove to the south side of the I river, when an old matron, living not a hundred miles from the North Quay, and whose ;-'centJ unmistikably proves her to have hailed from the Emerald Isle, cautioned one of the servants frt-nft accompanying the family, alleging that the new j house was haunted. The first night in the new house passed over without the appearance of the I spectre ; but in the middle of the sec-»ii-i rik'hfc j just 'at the aour wheu ghosts walk,' the girl I was awakened by a soft noise in the room, and the old woman's caution at once recurred to her. Ou opening her eyes, there, by tho mtagre light, she saw to her horror, the phautom, clad; like Amina, 'in robes of snowy white,' stealing noiselessly across the room. The agony of inind of the poor «irl may be better imagined than described. Unable to move a limb, or call for I assistance, she lay in breathless terror, watcbinsj i the ghost's movements. Her fear was still 1 further intensified, if that were possible on per- | ceiving the ghost steal to her bedside, fold down, g the bed clothes* and enconce itself under the | blankets,. On. finding that the sprite was;, not | ethereal, but a thing of flesh and Wood, she gradually recovered her senses; when a few -words explained the whole matter. It appears that her fellow-servant is a somnambulist, and haa been walking about in her sleep, until the cbilU' nesa of the night suggested the propriety or 'taraing in' again. 