NEWS OF THE WEEK. In Gundagai and its vicinity the weather, has been bright but cool during the past week, with slight frosts at night. This change it is to be hoped will tend to restore our district to its wonted salubrious condition. Socially, and in a business point of view, the present aspect of affairs in our township may be described as dull, and, as the most favorable symptom arising from our quiescence, we may note that during the present week there has been only one case brought before our P.M., and that concerned a stranger passing through the district in charge of sheep. We sincerely regret to record the death of Mrs. Henry Stuckey, of Tombolong. Deceased, who expired on Sunday night last after a long and distressirig illness, was one of the oldest residents in this district, the mother of a large family, and universally esteemed and respected. Her remains were interred in the South Gun- dagai cemetery on Wednesday, and were followed to the grave by numerous sorrowing friends, who thus paid the last sad tribute of respect to the memory of the departed. Another loss by death has occurred in our small community. On Tuesday John Benton, son of Mr. Benton, gaoler, a promising lad about twelve years of age, died after some weeks' suffering, from a severe attack of the local endemic to which we referred in our last issue. Deceased was buried in the North Gundagai Cemetery on Thursday last, his remains being followed by a large number of townsmen by whom the lad was deservedly loved. The mournful procession was headed by his schoolmates each carrying a white flower, which they deposited upon the coffin of their fond schoolfellow as it was lowered into its last resting place. In the absence of a clergyman the beautiful and impressive funeral service of the Church of England was read by Mr. Rose, the Police Magistrate, and many a sorrowful tear fell upon the grave of this amiable boy. Mr. B. Molineaux and Professor Smith have been appointed new directors of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, and Mr. E. T. Webb, auditor. Many miners have visited the Long-flat, Kimo, during the present week, and the reports we have heard of the place are encouraging. Mr. M. Doyle has, we believe, leased some ground there, and other leases have been applied for. We have also heard that in the claim on Mr. Doyle's ground there is two feet wash-dirt, and that 1 dwt. to the dish has been obtained. We hope the expectations that have been raised concerning this place will not again be disappointed. On Thursday as Mr. A. Centauri was bring- ing some hay from Mr. O'Sullivan's farm, at Jones' Creek, in a borrowed dray, the vehicle somehow came in violent contact with a gate post. Both shafts of the dray were broken, but fortunately neither Mr. Centauri nor the horse were hurt. We learn that the claim of Grubb and Co., on the Emu reef, Kimo, looks very well, and that they have recently crushed two lots of stone at Woolnough's machine, Coolac, which gave the satisfactory return of over 3 ozs. per ton for one lot, and of over 4 ozs. per ton for the other. Over 90 ozs. were realised from the crushing, and this result may be taken as another indication of the satisfactory manner in which the proprietor of the above machine discharges his functions. The rebuilding of Cooney's Creek bridge, which was destroyed by a recent flood, and the addition to Gooney's culvert have been satisfactorily executed by the contractor, Mr. Jessop, and this portion of the road is again open to traffic. Sergeant Usher, of Cootamundra, has been presented with £75 subscribed by several gentlemen of the Murrumbidgee and Lachlan districts in recognition of his gallant pursuit and capture of the bushrangers Scott, Irving, and another, at the Bagdad Station. Mr. Forsyth of Wagga Wagga, who was passing through Cootamundra 'en route' for Sydney, was the 'Advertiser' states, deputed to present this, sum to Sergeant Usher. Some time ago a petition was despatched from Clarendon to the Postal authorities praying for the restitution of the weekly mail between that township and Gundagai, or that a private mail bag should be made up for them and left at Mundarlo. An answer has been received from head quarters stating that the report of the Postal Inspector of the Southern district does not warrant compliance with the request, and a copy of that officer's statements is appended, in which the township of Clarendon is represented as consisting of two small stores, one often closed, and some deserted huts formerly occupied by miners. We have been informed that the second operation on one of the Rev. H. S. Scaborn's eyes was performed by Dr. Fortesque, assisted by Dr. Milford, on the 22nd ult., and that the cataract was successfully removed. It is hoped that the rev. gentleman's sight will be permanently benefited thereby. The editor of the 'Wagga Wagga Express' has discovered that a carrier named Last, whose non- arrival in that township has inconvenienced our contemporary and others, was not permitted to pass through Gundagai on Sunday last, and has burst forth in righteous indignation. He thinks the "keen religious suceptibilities of immaculate Gundagai might ????????????????? by the ??? sight of two or three waggons trundling through their town for Wagga'" on that day. Surely one who has confidential communications from "the highest legal authority," who questions the decisions of Magistrates, and who accuses even Mr. Justices of foolishness, should not require to be reminded that by the 29th Charles II., cap. 7th, no driver, horse carrier, waggoner, &c.;, is permitted to travel or to come to his or their inn on the Lord's day. The enactment may be, as our contemporary elegantly terms it, "rot," but until repealed it holds force. Last was not forbidden to travel through Gundagai on Sunday, but was simply warned, not by the police, that he was liable to a penalty for so doing, and he elected to avoid incurring this risk. We are far from immaculate in Gundagai, and our religious susceptibilities might perhaps be keener with advantage to ourselves, but we endeavour to abstain from committing breaches of law on Sunday mornings. In Wagga Wagga, as our contemporary is aware, this course is not always followed. The following selections were taken up at Gundagai Land Office on Thursday:—Ridley Thomas Jenkins, 257 acres 1 rood, Nangus, Thomas Chalder 40 acres Kimo; Richard Joseph Clemson 81 acres, Nangus; Henry McGlede 80 acres, Wantabadgery; Michael Fitzgerald, 50 acres, Tenandra, County Clarendon; Thomas Michael Cogon 40 acres Yayven Yayven Creek; William James Maid- ment 40 acres Bangus, County Wynyard. In list No. 8 of unclaimed letters, at the General Post-office, Sydney, published in the 'Government Gazette,' we find the following: —Gundagai Martin Brontie—Tumut, Charles Crisp.—Adelong, J. A. Kimball, Samuel Martin, John McDonald, R. Stepbenson, Mr. Wear, G. Willots.—Tumbarumba, Thomas Henley, J. T. Keane. The 'Government Gazette' notifies that certificates under the Real Property Act will be issued to A. Graham, unless protest be entered, for a number of allotments in the township of Adelong, formerly granted to J. R. Paul. A circular from the Colonial Secretary's office states that owing to the difficulty that has been found to arise from the employment in country districts of medical gentlemen whose charges (though apparently excessive) it has been found impracticable to control or disallow; it is intended to appoint for each of certain districts, a government officer, who shall take up all government medical business connected with the police, the aborigines &c.;, and shall also be public vaccinator. Amongst the duties those officers will have to discharge are specified furnishing to the Colonial Secretary's office quarterly reports of the public health of their districts, making known the appearance of any malignant or contagious epidemic, &c.; A fixed and reasonable scale of charges for visits and operations is also given. The camels sometime since presented to the Queensland Government by the ladies' Leich- hardt Search Committee of Victoria, and whose cost amounts to £400 a year, are to be turned adrift on the score of economy. At present seventeen of them are out at grass somewhere near the Gulf of Carpentaria, but after the 30th June, they are all to shift for themselves, unless some public spirited squat- ters take charge of them free of cost. A man named Thomas Simpson has been committed for trial by the Grenfell Bench for the wilful murder of Antony Guest. The particulars given by the 'Mining Record' show that on Sunday the 18th ult., the prisoner and deceased quarrelled and fought in the yard of Gilcrest's Hotel, Grenfell, and that after one of the rounds, while both were on the ground, prisoner struck deceased in the throat with his closed fist. Deceased said in a choking voice, 'dont hit a man down,' and as the police sergeant then came, in sight prisoner ran away. Deceased never spoke again, and shortly after expired. Dr. Falder stated that death had been caused by disloca- tion one of the deceased's cervical vertebræ and that a violent blow on the throat would produce this. We are rather ill provided with legendary horrors of the spectral and apparitional class in this colony, and therefore lovers of the marvel- lous ought to be obliged to the mailman who, according to the Bogan correspondent of the 'Dubbo Dispatch,' has discovered new ghost. The authority quoted states that on his last trip he camped at the Dungongs, in a lonely place where a man, whose name is cut on a tree, had been murdered years ago, and while there a shape resembling a human being, but without a head, walked past him. This is a very fair ghostly yarn. At the Maitland Circuit Court, on the 21st ult., William Randall was charged with the murder of his illegitimate daughter, Esther Randall, aged three years. The child was missed from her bed in a room in her mother's, Ellen Nowlan's, residence, at Penshurst, on the Upper Paterson, on the night of the 6th October last; and next day her dead body was found in a deep pool in the Paterson river. Suspicion fell on the prisoner, against whom the mother was about to proceed for the maintenance of the child; but the evidence was inconclusive and he was acquitted. The steamer Riverine, which recently left Echuca with a general cargo for Messrs. Forsyth and Co., Wagga, has, we learn from a con- temporary, struck upon a new, or hitherto undiscovered snag, and foundered. Amongst the cargo were several tons of sugar, all of which will, of course, be destroyed; but it is hoped that some of the other goods may be recovered. Millers and farmers may be interested to learn that a process has recently been patented in England by which the bran in flour, after being separated is ground into an impalpable powder, and then again mixed with the flour. In this way all the nutritious ingredients are preserved, while the fineness of the flour is not affected. The question of bridge-tolls on Sundays is thus referred to by the 'Albury Banner,' in answer to a correspondent who desires in- formation relative to the right of the toll- receiver on the Albury bridge, over the Murray, to charge persons crossing on that day.—This question was brought into Court some time ago, and the opinion of Sir James Martin, the then Attorney-General, was obtained upon it. This opinion was to the effect that lessees of Bridge tolls were not at liberty to demand tolls on Sundays from persons who required to pass through the toll gates for the purpose of attending Church, provided that the Church attended be the ???? and usual place of worship of such persons. In England the law confines the privilege of exemption from toll to parsons attending their 'proper parochial Church,' but as such churches are not frequent in the colony, the Act of New South Wales extends the exemption to persons attending at the proper church, and the meaning of that term has been defined as being a church at which the persons habitually or generally attend. Thus it would seem to be open to the toll lessee to charge for any person living out of the neighbourhood of the bridge who might only attend occasionally at a distant church. News comes from Vasse (Western Australia) that native mercury has lately been found near Quindalup in considerable quantities, in the stratum of black titaniferous sand forming the beach, nearly opposite Yelverton's timber station. The following were the sentences at the Goulburn Circuit Court.—Frederick Myers, larceny, 18 months' imprisonment; Catherine Cleary, infanticide, 12 months' imprisonment, Alfred Walker, robbery under arms at Reid's flat, 12 months' imprisonment; Frederick Phillips, on the above charge and another of highway robbery, 10 years on the roads; William Gill, cattle stealing; 2 years' imprison- ment; James Witton, attempted rape, 18 months' imprisonment. A case of aggravated assault at Collector, which has been standing over since 1866, ended in the acquittal of Michael Davoren, and in the charges of assault against other parties being abandoned.. The usual report of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, adopted at the meeting of the shareholders at the Principal Office, New Pitt-street, Sydney, on the 22nd ult., must be considered very satisfactory. The year's re- ceipts on account of premiums amounted to £141,837, of which £22,087, is on account of 1322 new policies issued during that period, and increasing the number, in force to 3778, which represents liability of £3,795,568. All who are interested in the prosperity of this institution will, we feel assured, endorse the remark of the Hon. Alexander Campbell that the Australian Mutual Provident Society is an institution of great value to these colonies. The extent of its operations ans the excellence of its rules have excited the admiration of the talented actuary whose services have been secured, and who was scarcely prepared to meet anything of the kind out of England. A man named James Taylor has been fined £5 at the Forbes police-court for illegally discharging firearms in the township. He went into the Club-house, hotel, drank eight or ten glasses of brandy and exhibited a revolver, went into the kitchen and frightened the cook by discharging two shots, brought the cook into the bar and shouted for him to reassure him, fired three more shots out of doors,' and was finally disarmed and arrested. The sheep directors of Queanbeyan have at a public meeting arrived at the resolution to recommend—1. that the offices of all inland inspectors and boundary riders be dispensed with. 2. That the salaries of such other in- spectors as may be retained be reduced to a sum not exceeding £250 per annum. A child of Mr. Sherbin's, telegraph master of Yass, recently took up a glass containing sulphuric acid and attempted to swallow some of the contents. The poor little thing's mouth and throat were severely burnt, but she was fortunately not dangerously injured. Saturday last was the St. Leger Day of the Metropolitan Autumn Race Meeting. The attendance at Randwick was not so numerous as on former occasions, although the day was fine and the course in excellent condition. The following races came off. The Autumn Trial Stakes of 4 sovs. each, with 40 sovs. added, won by Mr. C. Baldwin's Darkie, Grey Momus second, Stockwell third. The Australian Champagne Stakes of 20 sovs., h. ft., or 5 only if declared by the 1st April, for 2-year-olds, was won by Mr. W. Pearson's Lamplighter, the Fop second, Charon third; The Australian St. Leger of 30 sovs. each, h. ft, for 3-year-olds, won by Mr. John Lee's Coquette, The Earl second, Avalanche third; The Publican's Stakes of 7 sovs. each, with 40 sovs. added, won by Mr. L. Uhde's Warrior, Sir William second; The Doncaster Handicap of 5 sovs. each, h. ft., with 50 sovs. added. After Falcon gallantly gained the first place in a field of eleven he was disqualified for the misconduct of his rider (Stanley). It appears that shortly after passing the Derby turn, Colley, on Circassian, was irritated by some unfair treatment he conceived he had been subjected to from Stanley, and both resorted to whipping each other as they came up the ontside running of the straight. They were both well in front, and this incident interfering with Falcon's stride at this critical period of the race very nearly put him out of the first place. The stewards being, by protest, called upon to deal with the case, and finding that Falcon jostled Circassian, and that both parties (Stanley and Colley) were guilty of foul play in fighting whilst riding in the race—decided that both horses were disqualified, that Mr. W. H. Kent's Tippler was the winner of the race, Blondin second, that Stanley, be fined £20 and be disqualified for the remainder of the year 1869; and that Colley be fined £10 and disqualified for the remainder of this Autumn meeting. The Tamworth people having memorialised the Chief Justice on the subject of a Circuit Court in their locality, a reply has been received from the legal magnate commenting most unfavorably on the inferior dinners he was furnished with when recently visiting that place, and the exorbitant price charged for them. If the Tamworth people desire to attain their end they should bear in mind that a Chief Justice must be well fed to be rendered amiable and disposed to concessions. The Deniliquin papers strongly oppose the contemplated snagging of the Edward as totally useless, pointing out that the river could only be rendered navigable in seasons of flood, and that if instructions to carry out this work came from head quarters it affords an instance of the ignorance of the authorities in Sydney of the physical geography of Riverina. We could adduce another instance of useless expenditure in snagging, viz., that of clearing the Murrumbidgee from Gundagai to Wagga Wagga; but in this case the blame does not rest on the shoulders of Government but on those of our population. They clamoured to have the river snagged, it has been snagged, and now of what avail is it? Unless Providence, or Government, places a steamer at our disposal (it is quite improbable any local effort will be made to obtain one), the cleared channel will never be used. The only effect this costly work will produce will be that the impediments and partial breakwaters being removed, the stream will run down in flood time and ddiminish in dry seasons with greater rapidity than formerly. The Wagga Wagga people have, we see by the local papers, formed a company and resolved to purchase a steamer named the Victoria, and her barge, for river traffic from their township. They will probably reap some benefit from the clear- ing of the Murrumbidgee and they deserve to do so. Jeremiah Modhan has been sentenced to death at the Armidale Circuit Court for the murder of an old man named McCormic, and a son of his sent to a reformatory. The particulars of this atrocious deed have already been given in a former issue. The people of Forbes have, the 'Reporter' states, held a large public meeting to decide upon measures for giving Earl Belmore a suitable reception. As his Excellency is stated to have abandoned his intention of visiting that township during his tour to the Western districts they need not have done so. An agitation for the reduction of existing intercolonial postage rates has been commenced in the border towns and districts on both banks of the Murray, where the anomaly and injustice of this regulation is most strikingly evinced. It certainly does seem monstrous that the rate of postage from Belvoir to Albury, a distance of two miles, is sixpence, when from Belvoir to Melbourne, something like two hundred miles, costs twopence; and from Albury to Sydney, a still greater distance, twopence likewise. There have been heavy floods in the Gulf country. The Cleveland Bay 'Express' quotes a letter which says the floods have been higher by four feet six inches than ever known before on the stations. Some stations are four feet under water, and have had nearly everything swept away. One man has been drowned, 800 sheep were destroyed at Fort Bowen by the wet. Losses are very heavy up here. Mr. Corfield lost 3,000 sheep, and Mr. Palmer 2,000. Some of the stations down below have been swept away, rations and all, but no lives lost. The 'Yass Courier' states that Mr. W. Grogan, wel known in the district as a free- holder, residing at Limestone Creek, met with his' death in a shocking manner. He has been for some time past suffering from defective sight, and was accidentally crushed by a horse and cart. The Sydney Gold Cup ordered by the Australian Jockey Club is designed and manufactured by Mr. Quint, jeweller, Hunter- street, Sydney, and is a creditable specimen of colonial art. The bushranger who has been sticking-up upon the Namoi, although he gave his name as Rutherford to some persons whom he eased of their cash, is not supposed to be that offender, but is suspected to be a new chum. According to latest news the police were in pursuit of him. George Cohen alias Cowan (a prisoner under remand for forgery), has been committed for trial at the ensuing Bathurst Circuit Court, for robbing the Five Mile public house, six years ago. The main evidence against him was that of John Ward, who is undergoing a sentence for the offence, and who charges Cohen with having arranged and assisted in carrying out the robbery. The 'Wagga Wagga Advertiser' refers to a case of sudden death that has occurred in that township as indicating the mistake committed by the Hospital Committee in declining the services of Dr. Lyons in connection with that institution. It appears that deceased, whose name was Jackson, had been for many months an inmate of the Wagga Wagga Hospital, and having been treated for asthma had been discharged as incurable. At the instance of some friends Dr. Lyons was then called in, who at once saw that the man was suffering from aneurism. Dr. Robertson adhered to his original diagnosis, but Dr. O'Connor, of Yass, to whom a description of the case was sent, endorsed Dr. Lyons' view, which a 'post mortem' examination proved to be the correct one. Our contemporary comments in strong terms upon the professional ignorance displayed by the medical officer of the Hospital in his treatment of this case. Prince Alfred landed at Wellington on the 12th ult., has been received with cordiality, and has been present at a war dance of the Maories and other more civilized balls. This pleasant news is, however, neutralised by the dismal intelligence of a fresh massacre by the Hauhaus. Te Kooti attacked the Mohaka pa, which was defended by friendly natives. After a long struggle they surrendered, on the promise of quarter from the rebel chief; but on his admission into the pah his forces com- menced to butcher the defenders. In this encounter the assailants lost twelve men; several settlers are missing. Mr. and Mrs. Lavin, their children, and Mr. Cooper were murdered. The Hauhaus afterwards loaded 100 pack horses with booty, and proceeded towards Wairo, but were driven back by the friendlies. The 'Lachlan Reporter' states that official information has been received by Messrs. Farrand, P.M., and Parker, C.P.S., of that district, lately under suspension, that the Government has been pleased to order that they be severely reprimanded and removed, in the meanwhile they are to resume their former duties. The opening of the first Supreme Court in Albury was pleasantly celebrated by the Mayor of that township entertaining his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave, the members of the legal profession, and those of the Borough council to dinner at the Globe Hotel on the conclusion of tho sittings of the court, on the 20th ult. The 'Yass Courier' says:—The magistrates at Deniliquin lately decided that a publican was liable for allowing a customer to play a jews'-harp in his licensed house without having previously obtained a permission for music. We wonder whether Oboe, the late celebrated chin musician, would be equally liable? The tender of Mr. Thomas Moran has been accepted by the government for the conveyance of the mails from and to Goulburn, Collector, Gundaroo, and Queanbeyan. We observe from the Lyttelton papers that a reward of £1,000 has been offered by the Government of Canterbury for the first hundred tons of sugar from beetroot made in that province The 'Yass Courier' states that a young man, about two or three and twenty years of age, named Hayes, received a sunstroke a few days ago, while ploughing near Murrumburrah. Dr. O'Connor was sent for, but before his arrival the poor fellow had breathed his last. A very singular case as to ownership of a ring, Thurlow v. Taylor, was tried at the Metropolitan District Court last week. The ring, whioh was a valuable one set with rubies and diamonds, was claimed by Mrs. Thurlow, who alleged it had been missing after a party given at her house in November 1865, at which defendant, Miss Clara Taylor, was present while on the other hand defendant asserted that it had been sent to her by a person named Hennessy from Melbourne. Complainant was sure it was her ring, defen- dant equally firm in asserting it was a present from Hennessy. Finally, defendant retained possession of the ring. Tho Melbourne 'Argus' states that the missing claimant of the Tichborne titles and estates, who is said to have gone into the interior of South America to claim a valuable gold-mine which he discovered in his early rambles there, has been (in his absence) made defendant in one of the London courts of law on a bill case. The action was by Peate and another against Tichborne. It was brought on a bill of exchange for £265, payable ninety days after sight, drawn in Sydney, New South Wales, by Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, on Messrs. Drummond and Co., of London, and payable to the order of Stephen Butts, of Sydney. The bill was endorsed by Butts to the plaintiffs, who are wine-merchants in Sydney, and forwarded to London for the acceptance of Drummond and Co., who refused acceptance, on the ground that they had no assets of Tichborne, the defendant. After the refusal to accept and protest, the bill was re- turned. The defendant who was alleged to be the claimant to the baronetcy and estates of Tichborne, did not appear to defend the action. The plaintifls claimed to recover 20 per cent. for re-exchange, besides interest and notarial charges, &c.; A verdict was given for the plaintiffs for £351 4s. Holloway's Pills. — It- seems as it the pharmacopeia were eventually to te- wfrflSwea down \m aimOBb a 'lew speoracB, - -Tureuiuou amongst them, stattd Hollbway'stMls and Ointment. We have conversed witfevindivid uals who have witnessed, tho. effect of the Pills in cases of epilepsy, ordinary convulsions, spasms, bilious colic, palpitation of the heart, etc., and they all tell the same story' Of their efficacy and infallibility. So,* too, of tho Ointment. The general opinion seems to be that it never fails in ulcerous and eruptive cases. It is an indisputable fact that_ those best acquainted with the preparations have the most implicit confidence in them.— Advt. 