A GHOST IN NATAL,-Boina; in the neighbourhood of the Iiittlo Tugóla, a few dava sinoe, I piokod up the following strange story:-There is a farm-houso some four milos from tbe main drift, Iiittlo Tugels, in- habited by a Dutchman, several young ohildren, and a grown-up son. The domcstio affairs of the establish- ment aro superintended by a second wife ; this second wifo is step-mother to nearly the wholo ot tho family, and hereby hangs the tale and is as well a warning to widowers in general. A littlo moro than a month ago- tbe head of the house absont-one of tho lado waa roasting a moalie at the kitohen fire, whon his good (?) step-mother, on finding what her bad (?) step- son was about, took up a yoko's koy and struck the poor boy twice on the head ; one of the wounds in- flicted was very sovero, laying open tho Bcalp at tho' baok of tbs bead some threo or four inob.cs in length, and upon the boy's attempting to run away, seized him by the thumb and bit him terribly. That day, while tho woman was at tho spruit for somo pur- pose-washing or fetching water-stones, mud, and other things were thrown at hor from unicen hands. At night, when all good people should have keen at rest, this kind step mo ti. or was kept in a con- stant etato of alarm by stones coming into the house through the roof and walls, and leaving no mark of their entrance. No one was hurt buttha said stepmother, who, I belive, was etruok twice. .The news having spread, several neighbours carno and sat up with tho family and were witnesses to tho ontranco of stones, sand, and wot day, without being ablo to too or hoar anything of anyone about tho place, Ono night a email army ofDutohmon arrived determined to fathom the mystery, and on ono of thom receiving some sand in biafaco ho eang out in loud tones, aa it to frighten the ghost, "Don't throw send ; if you aro from tbe devil throw stones." when in carno ono, smash on tho table; said Dutchman shut up at once and slunk behind his friends, and saddled up os Boon as ho could well seo, Some nigkto after that thero woro eighteen mon-coven or eight of that number were Bngliehmcn-determined, if possible, to find out, but they wero no wiser, in tho morning, although thoy cleared the bonso of everything tbat could nido a rat, stationed Englishmen in eaoh corner of tho house, insido and out, Billi stonos came in, and they wera all beat. Ono night last week it WOB woree tban over; lights were hold up to the root to ito if there was any mark in the tbaton, when a big none would como in smashing the candió a=d frightening tba pc or pcoplo out of tboir wits. I havo had na opportunity of going to witness theso unghostliku tiicke, but should much wish to bo thero with a fow intelligent Englishmen. Don't you think, sir, thnt two Biehops might be ablo to lay this troublesome visitor; or io it a fact that one Bishop may raise a ghost, but that twenty can't set it to rest again ? The ghost always deports at cock- crow in tho morning, so you see this is a mest determined ono, as in old times, la the bid country, I bolievo they genorally took thomielvos off ut 12, D'Urban Times oorxepondent. -, ' ' ' " ' ! 