J J S I T N B K S ^ THEATRE PEO. [rBO* MB 6FBIN0 CREEK LIADEB."] — », «. to rela'e one of the moat remarkable th»t been revealed on •P 10 , ae-M About three months ago »re«p«!tably- ^ ^.rt-lookine gentleman made taa ddmi en „ ftTpartner in a flourishing hotel buriness He introduced an accom- *?. a vJ JTons WyMhiswife. >nd by bis activity ^ ^demi.ly habits himself conspicuous ""toiowirid friends, and become, a genet.} r°°Sboth „ff and on the. stage Hut peraona hTontoWi" J^, neat will-trimmed set polite manners,: f*hionable attire and " /fa^s rendered him a rnnong bis gender, ^ ^ibe ple.form. and beloved of .be bar- •FT' He coeB to Melbourne. engages » company, " thStnufliw, pack op their slippers, wigs and ® P ZZ and firally bid adieu to the metropolis to "TrtWcueerina new Eldorado. Arrived at £? £SXr. idcsl visions of comfortable m«nifioentl>uildings and wealthy propne- Weatherboard walls nnplaned mosiated: audiences, demonstrative enough, Sifting forth "volumes of smoke forei part of tbe STprcepect. The curtain feU on act the S^Tand the deluded damsels. the too confiding , 'L aid tbe gay professionals -were «nd«eived. Themo'peet w«anytbing butpleasing-money sny- ihin/bniplentiful. Certainly there was plenty to eat S l a J be meny with, for stoppers were Solon., wineend spirit mercWst^erfor ordera the tan ranked high in public estimation. The fhnitte nightly crowded. Oor friend D sang ^.cuTonTpUt'orm. walkedItheistap, withthe viatic «« of sn old professional. wlnle b„ partner J brought forth melodies iw«t, magical, and be. riSuft with the ton* of the bow in the orchestra S h ? However, there is an end to all things, and tbera was en end 10 D'« felicity and conjugal SL Creditors became pressing. benefits became plentiful, so plentiful that at last ^ £ EL- Even tiie Heatbcote hospital withdrew its aid ,„a administered a sharp rebuke to the propnetorB lor using its name for their advantage; rapacious bnmbalifls hannted the house night and day. The Honey taken at the doors dieappaar^i. and the poor 1 smuts wen ted toknowyou know where the proceeds went to Bats foisake a sinking ship, and the public b,ran to forsake the Varieties. There vras an attempt msde to resusitate tbe fallen prodigy, but it proved fruitless. The once gandy curtains grew dirty with disuBe ; the ecsnery lost its gay effect, «,d the brillianily lighted hall revelled niibtly in dukness,- tbe paint fled from the forlorn countenance! of the disappointed coopany; the wire, of the wonderful " Appolonisn Antiphone vibrated no core by the touch of the unpaid fingers, and the "Harionettes" concealed their antics in a cordial mumfaswry The lively and versatile "D. had many picnics, and ifae best Sinclair's hams were lobbied op on the banks of the Goulburn without •he slightest compunotion, regatdlf BS of tbe tradesman's bilL At length the poor printer took the rimn. and beat a frni less ch.se, until "D. pleaded poverty, and be foigave him. One morning the botel is dosed, and pit cards announcing the sale ot the property by auction cover its walls. Just about this time a sham attempt is. made to proaecnte the proprietors for illicit grog selling, but rhe revenue inspector is defeated—theevidence isinBUffiaent—and •* D." escapes. The house is Bold under a billot sale, the broken-hearted creditors turn up the whites of their eyeB to heaven, and the pale faced actor (like Hamlei's ghost) takes a last agonising look at the some of his misfortunes end "skedaddles. But "D." has a bolder part to play; be don't run away —by no means; although bis fair and angelic partner of bi» eriefe and Borrows bus turned the hack of her crinoline on Spring Creek, and her face towards Melbourne, he lingers behind, takes up his lodgings in the centre of the township, and forms an acquaint •, ante with his recent persecutor, the revenue inspector. At en early bonr one morning the driver of a ginger beer conveyance belonging to one of his victims, himself on the point of collapsing, is accosted by "D," who, for the purpose of airing his dark •soutache" and dean paper collar, accompanies him on a tour amongst his cumerons customers. Of course of the unlicensed shanty keepers do no' euspeot tbe late proprietor of an unlicensed hotel; and "D does a capital stroke in his new capacity of informer, securing in a very short time no less than nearly thirty J defaulters: "D." is moch more liberal than usual; his thirst is insatiable, and bis companion readily believes him the jolliest of dogs. Again the cnrtain drope on "D"; but the interval between <le scenes is short, »d -when next it rises the stage is transferred from the Lyceum Theatre to the Heathcote, where juitieerita in solemn dignity before* crowded audience, surrounded by a portly array of lawyers, reporters, constables, and process ••{vers. One after another the unlicensed vendors of beer are brought to account, a few are fined, and eome «cipe. But, alas ! for the ends of justice, the. first of tbe " D." batch are called upon, bnt the eumtnontet are discovered to be destitute of the stamp sua seal, and the day of retribution, to the dismay of the revenue inspector and the quondam friend " Dj U ntceraarily postponed. Tbe curtain falls onoe tcore. A few days elapB9 and again it rises. This ttme the scene is in the bar of an hotel in tbe centre of tbe township: Detective O'Lesiy stands olongside of " 0" administering to biB wants and inviting him to take a walk. They leave in company; wending their way towards the police atalion, where they hade an affectienale farewell at the door of a padlocked building of nnnsntl strength. In perfect amazement the simple amateurs "caught the news end learned*hB particulars of "D«" wonSerfnl transformations. The spnriouB " D " was a genuine "C" But a few months before, his raven hair, eo black and glossy, had been a light brawn, his shsven shin had worn a bothy beard of good dimensions. Eii occupation was that of a drover. Entrusted. with a ftodk of sheep to take to Beechwortb, he !s •aid to have sold 400 at Rntberglen and decamped with the proceeds on the 8th of December last. The net wehavs already related. Visiting Spring Cretk immediately aftffirarda, he pnrehssed a half interest in the only (lace of amusement on the rush, it Is supposed with the proceeds of the floti. Yasterdsy, ke wssthe first to figure before ihe bench in a new court hones, and was remanded to Bntherglen: The proprietors of the shanties who were about to be ptoeejttted held a general rejoicing, and Meiificed their rimainmg stock of epirits at the shrine of psnecnted Bacchus. So terminates this exciting drama for thepresant, and the curtain involuntary falls on tbe career-of an eminent actor. - 