ENGLISH OPINION ON THE ALABAMA QUESTION. The correspondent; of tlie Argus sends tlie folloiviug summary of opinion in Eugliuid on the Alabama ques tion :— " Meanwhile, there is no mistaking the temper of the English nation. The Times has treated the sub ject in a series of able loaders, well expressing the opinion of the country." ' It is possible,' it remarks, ' i-«- ^-..pyiiments to assume positions from which na tional pride may *vnder it difficult to retreat. The only means of averting such a. peril is to render it plain from the first what the consequences of such conduct would be; and for this reason it may be of great consequence at this junctuio that the public opinion of England should firmly declared on the points raised by Mr Sumner's speech. The Americans may be assured that Englishmen would be unanimous in refusing so much as to entertain such demands. We can well understand that they are purposely put in their most extravagant form, on the plan of asking more than you expect to obtain. But ifc is the urin ciple of the demands to which we must refuse to listen. They involve nothing less than a claim that the Americans shall be the judges in their own cause, that they shall be the arbiters ox international right and wrong whenever it; affects themselves. We never pretended to please the Americans in this matter. We endeavored to do wliufc was just between them, our own people, and the other nations of the world. We refuse to compromise our honor by admitting that we were actuated by any other motive. Whether or not wo were culpably negligent in per forming what we believe to have been our duty is a point we have offered to submit to arbitration. But further we cannot go, and we could not but regard any attempts to force us beyond this point as a cloak ) for ulterior designs. After all, how*01! to i our conviction that, unless thei-p 00 a settled design fa pick a quarrel wi1!^ u wIu"ctlieie ccitainly is Dot I ,„i part of the American people—Mr Sumntr's policy is too preposterous to be entertained. The it tempt to re-awaken buried animosities is, indeed, little short of criminal; but the extravagant inisrepresenia tions found necessary for the purpose, afford us uo slight assurance of the destined failure of the at tempt.' " I have on a previous occasion referred to the tone adopted by the Daily Netcs, which is notorious for its American sympathies, and speaks with the more emphasis as the staunch friend of the North through out the late struggle. ' We are assured,' says that journal now, ' we may express the confidence and ex pectation of the whole country that the Queen's Go vernment will maintain a firm position against all exorbitant demands, of whatever nature they may be. Our Government has Been supported in a policy of conciliation and concession, for reasons of which, happen what may, wc shall never be ashamed; but there is a line beyond which concession is weakness and renunciation of duty. We have done what lay in us to compose disputes and settle difficulties, which grew up far more out of the unhappy circumstances of the time than out of any want of good feeling towards the American Republic; now it is for the Government of the United States to consider what it owes to the cause of peace, justice, and inter national law.' When the Daily iVcws writes in this strain, it is evident that all Englishmen are agreed on the question; and that a war, if forced upon us, would be accepted without faltering by all parties. " The Spectator, which also is strongly Northern— which goes the length of saying that it was ' the in sane enthusiasm of our aristocracy and bourrjeoisie for the most detestable of causes, which really supplied the Southern rebellion with money, ships, arms, and good wishes'—takes ground a-3 nnnosed tr< MV Rumnn' It asks, ' t\ nat is it which Mr Sunnier calmly pro poses to us all—even those who, like ourselves, ap proach him most closely in political bias? Simply this—to submit our political and legal consciences in the most abject manner to a dogma which not a single man amongst us worth a moment's consideration holds to be true—to confess a legal guilt of which we are entirely unconscious, and this as a condition sine quA non of reconciliation with the United States. Was anything so monstrous ever proposed on this earth before by any man taking the rank of a statesman?' In a later article, reviewing the more practical aspects of the question, the Spectator sets clearly forth, as important for the correction of American opinion, ' what is the maximum concession which the heartiest English friends of the North would ever think for a moment of advising.' The following passage I quote as a true and influential representa tion of English opinion :—' We, for our parts—and there is, we imagine, a considerable number of Eng lishmen who would go with us in this, though we can hardly venture to assert that Parliament would give a majority to such a proposal, even if made by the Government—should not feel the slightest hesitation in expressing the most emphatic and frank regret for that miscarriage of our own law which led to the es cape of the Alabama, and for any languor or failure of legal judgment which may have been shown, (if any such languor or failure of legal judgment can be es tablished), in not afterwards stopping her on the coast of Wales, or arresting her iu our colonial ports. . . . . And, having admitted thus much, we should feel, of course, that we were bound to accept the logic of the situation, and pay for such part of the losses caused by this act o£ negligence (that is, as regards the individual depredations of the Alabama herself) as could not be fairly ascribed to the negligence -of the American Navy in watching for the Alabama—or even, to stretch a point, for all the losses caused by that ship, but not for those of any of her consorts. With regard to the Alabama herself, the circum stances are notorious; that there is a strong case to wards establishing negligence on our part, is patent to the whole country. That is not so with regard to any of her consorts, but we should be quite willing to refer to equitable arbitration, whether in any or all of those cases the executive Government had been guilty of clear negligence, and to pay for the losses caused by them if that should be decided against us. We by no means say that the English Parliament would go so far as this. "We are far from asserting as much as that. But we do say that there would be a yery strong English party to oppose war, if peace or war depended only on our conceding aa much as we have now spoken of, and that we should feel bound to protest against that terri ble and immeasurable calamity with all our strength, if we could satisfy America by what seems to us, though a generous, still not an unreasonable con cession. But this, we will say, that there is not a party, or the materials of a party—barely, we should think, even a group of individuals—prepared to go beyond this. There is not the party or the ghost of a party that would as much as consider the question of apologising for our recognition of the belligerent rights of the South. There is not, in all probability, in any society of Englishmen, kotvever Northern in feeling, even a man here and there who would hear of such a proposition as our paying as general damages any proportion, however small, of the cost of the American war, on the ground that by recognising the South we gave substance and hope to the rebellion, or on any other ground which ingenious senators may hereafter devise, without indignation; or who would not at once advise war with all its horrors, rather than submit to dictation so preposterous. We do not doubt —we speak, as we need hardly say, without any private communication with Mr Bright—that Mr Bright himself would resist such terms as Mr Sumner proposes, and General Grant is said to approve, with positive scorn—that even he, a Quaker statesman, would rather keep silent than propose to avert war by any compromise so disgraceful. We believe that the people of the United States ought to know our true minds on this matter. And we tell them emphatically that no war ever entered upon by England would be more popular, more heartily waged, more tenaciously prolonged, than a war to resist what we should regard as a piece of pure dictatorial arrugauue on tlio pavfc of fclio TJninn, adapted and intended either to humiliate England, or to acquire Canada, or for both purposes in one. If the United States wish for such a war, which we sin cerely and heartily disbelieve, they have only to de mand reparation on the general principles of Mr Sum ner's speech, and they would meet with a blank re fusal, which they could not with dignity accept; and the end could hardly be anything but war, and a war, moreover, in which England would be united as one man,—in which there would not be a dissentient party, hardly a dissentient voice.' "Similar views are expressed by the organs of all po litical parties, and by the so-called religious journals. It is not often the country is thus unanimous." 