The Novelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER XIX. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." I SAT there, trembling and shaking ; the win- dow open, the curtain waving gently in the cool night breeze—and the thought of that terrible face without. Mr. Chandos looked stern and white when he returned—not through the window—and blood was dripping from his hand. "I can see no one : but I could not stay long, my hand bled so," he said, snatching up his white handkerchief which lay on the table, and winding it round the palm. "But now—Anne, do you think these can be fancies of yours ? This is the second time." "I wish I could think so. I am certain a man stood there, looking in. He had not time to draw away. I just moved to the window from that corner, so that he did not see me ap- proaching." "Whose face was it ? That man's by the lodge-gates—Edwin Barley ?" My very fear—but I did not dare to say it. What I did say was the strict truth—that it had all passed so momentarily and I was so startled, as to allow no chance of recognition. "Can you find me a piece of linen rag, Anne? I don't care to make a commotion over this. I dare say I can do up my hand myself ; I'm a bit of a surgeon." I ran up-stairs to get some, and began turn- ing over the contents of my large trunk in search of it. In doing this, a small parcel, very small, got into my hands, and I looked at it with some curiosity, not remembering what it contained. As I undid the paper two sovereigns fell into my hand. They were not mine; I possessed none. As I looked and wondered, a strange thought flashed through my mind ; were they the two lost sovereigns marked by Mr. Chandos ? There was no time to stay speculating ; Mr. Chandos was waiting for the rag. Finding it, I ran down. "You ought to put your hand in warm water, Mr. Chandos. There may be fragments of glass in it." "I was thinking so," he said ; when at that moment Hickens came in with a letter. The man noticed the white handkerchief and its stains. "You have met with an accident, sir !" "Ah," said Mr. Chandos, in a tone of raillery, as if making light of the affair, "this comes, Hickens, of doing things in a hurry. You must bring me a basin of warm water. I attempted to open the window, not observing it was fastened, and my hand slipped through the glass. Close the shutters. At once." Hickens went to the window : I stood by Mr. Chandos with the linen rag. "Presently," he nodded ; "I must wait for the water. Open this for me, will you, Anne ?" I unsealed the letter, and opened it. In handing it to him, my eyes accidentally fell upon my own name. "It is about me !" I exclaimed, in thoughtless impulse. Mr. Chandos ran his eyes over the lines— there were but few—and a scowl contracted his brow. He read them over again, and then folded the letter with his one hand. "Hickens, who brought this ? When did it come ?" "It came but now, sir. A lad brought it to the back-door. I happened to be standing there and took it from him. 'For Mr. Chandos,' he said, and turned away. I thought how quickly he made off." "Should you know him again?" "No, sir, I think not. I'm not sure though." "Well, bring the warm water." "Is the letter from Madame de Mellissie ?" I asked. "I don't know who it is from," said Mr. Chandos. "It is anonymous." "Anonymous ! And about me!" I stood looking at him. I connected this letter with the two sovereigns I had just found: was anyone at work to ruin me in the estimation of Chandos House ? "Mr. Chandos, that is not a pleasant letter, is it ?" "Anonymous letters never are pleasant ones," he rejoined. "If I had my way, the writers of such should all be shaken in a bag together and sunk in the bottom of the sea. Do not let it trouble you ; it defeats its own ends." "Will you allow me to read it ?" "It would give you no pleasure ?" "But it might give me some light ; and light is what I want just now; I do indeed. Let me see it, Mr. Chandos ! I request it as a favour." "Very well. My showing it to you will prove the sort of estimation I have for it." Taking the letter from his unresisting hand, I opened it and laid it before me. It ran as follows:— MR. CHANDOS,—lt is rumoured that you have some trouble in your house just now, and are suspecting your servants. The probability is that they are honest ; they have been with you long enough to be proved. There are two strangers under your roof : the companion to Mrs. Chandos, and the younger lady, Miss Hereford. Please just reflect that all the mis- fortunes have occurred since these ladies entered Chandos. In doing this, perhaps you will find a way out of the wood. The suggestion is offered by A FRIEND. "This would implicate Mrs. Penn as well as myself !" I exclaimed. "Yes," he said. "Forgetting that Mrs. Penn is a sufferer. Or perhaps not knowing it." The tears rose : I could not help it. "Then —do you doubt me, Mr. Chandos ?" He touched my arm ; and those grave eyes of his, half laughing then, looked right into mine. "Doubt you ? So greatly that I am de- liberating whether I shall not call in the police again and give you in charge." It was said in jest, I knew, but at that moment it told upon me, and the sobs were palpably near the surface. Hickens was heard approach- ing with the basin of water. "Oh, Anne, Anne ! you are a very simple child." "Will you see to your hand, sir ?" "Ay, it wants seeing to." It was the palm that was cut ; badly, I thought. Mr. Chandos seemed to understand what to do, and dressed it himself with the butler's help, I watching the process. When we were alone again, I took the little parcel from my pocket, and gave it to Mr. Chandos. "Will you please to open that, sir ?" "Two sovereigns," he cried, as he did so. "What of them ?" I told him all about it, where I found them. He held them close to the light, and smiled. "They are the sovereigns I lost out of my desk, Anne." "Are you sure ?" "Sure ? Here are the marks. See." Standing close I looked where he pointed. The marks were plain. I went to my seat, and sat down. "And you found them in your trunk ! Anne, who is your enemy in the house ?" "I did not know I had one, sir. So far as I am aware I have not given offence to any with- in it. I must quit it now." "Oh, indeed ! What else would you like to do ?" "I could no longer keep the tears back ; it was of no use trying, and they ran over my cheeks. "It seems to me, Mr. Chandos, that I am no longer safe in it." "You are perfectly safe, Anne, for you pos- sess in it a powerful protector. One who will not suffer harm to reach you ; who will be a shield to you in every assault ; who will guard annoyance from you so far as shall be practic- able." I knew that he alluded to himself, and thanked him in my heart. But —so far as was practic- able ! There it lay. If I really had a hidden enemy, who might shield me ? Mr. Edwin Barley it could not be ; and I fell back to the suspecting of Lizzy Dene. Mr. Chandos began telling off the inmates on his fingers. "There's my mother, Mrs. Chandos, myself, Hill, Hickens; for all these I can answer. Then come the servants. For some of them I can equally answer, Lizzy Dene being one; but I regard them all as honest and trustworthy." "Therefore the uncertain ones are only Mrs. Penn and myself." "And Mrs. Penn is certainly exempted," he rejoined. "For she has been meddled with in an equal degree with any of us." "That leaves only me !" "Just so ; only you. But, Anne," bending those earnest eyes upon me, "I would answer for you with my life." "If it is not Lizzy Dene that is my enemy, who else can it be ?" I exclaimed, foolishly speaking what was in my thoughts. "Why should you think it to be Lizzy Dene more than anyone else ?" he hastily cried, in a resenting sort of tone. "She can have no cause of enmity against you." There flashed across me that interview with Mr. Edwin Barley. If it was Lizzy Dene who had held it, who was in league with him, no need to search for a motive. "That I have an enemy is indisputable. The letter you have just received and these sovereigns prove it." "Anne, Lizzy Dene could not have written such a letter as this." That he was prejudiced in favor of Lizzy Dene, determined to admit nothing against her, seemed evident ; and I let the subject drop. But now the strangest incident was to occur ; an alarming incident ; nay, it might rather be called a scene. In the minute's silence that supervened, Mrs. Penn glided into the room without notice. The word "glided" is not in- applicable ; she came softly in, scarcely seeming to move, her face scared, her voice sunk to a whisper. "Mr. Chandos ! Do you know that there are mounted police outside the house ?" He rose from his seat, looking at her as if he thought she must be dreaming. "Mounted police !" he repeated. "They are riding quietly up, three of them; I saw their sabres flash in the starlight. I had gone to the library to get a book for Mrs. Chan- dos ; she having sent to Hill for the key ; when I thought I heard a noise as of horsemen, and opened the shutter to look out. Oh, Mr. Chan- dos ! what can they have come for ? They once rode up to a house where I was staying in the same silent manner ; it was to make investiga- tions in a charge of murder." I had seen Mr. Chandos turn pale before ; you have heard me say so ; but I never saw a tinge so livid in man or woman as that which over- spread his countenance now. He retained, nevertheless, his self-possession ; ay, and that quiet tone of command which somehow is rarely disobeyed. "You will be so kind as to return immediately to Mrs. Chandos," he calmly said to Mrs. Penn. "Close the doors of the east wing as soon as you have entered, and keep her attention amused. She is excitable—as you by this time probably know—and this visit must be kept from her cognisance." Allowing no time for answer or dissent, he took Mrs. Penn by the hand somewhat per- emptorily, and watched her go up-stairs. Then he stole to the hall-door and put up its bar without noise. As for me, I do not know that I had ever in my whole life felt so sick and frightened. All the past scene at Mr. Edwin Barley's, when the mounted police had come there, recurred to me; and Mr. Chandos' man- ner completed the dread. I put my hands on his arm; all reticence was forgotten in the mo- ment's terror; as he stood listening in the middle of the oak-parlour. "Tell me what it is ! Tell me !" "Oh, Anne, this is an awful blow," he said, in the deepest agitation, as if he had never heard me. "I joked about the police coming to take you in charge, but—" "Not for me ! They cannot have come for me !" I reiterated foolishly, in my confused alarm. "Would to heaven they had come for you ! I mean, would they had come for one who could as readily be exonerated as you ! Mercy ! mercy ! so the blow has fallen at last !" The words brought to my memory what Mrs Penn had said, about a sword hanging by a single hair over Mr. Chandos and his family. I don't think he knew what he was about. He walked across the hall towards the stairs, hesitated, and came back, listening evidently for the knocking of the police: all in the deepest agitation and alarm. "It may be well for me not to go !" he mut- tered. "Better that I should be here to face them when they enter ! Anne, run you and find Hill : bring her here quickly ; but make no alarm." I knew it was the hour of supper in the housekeeper's room, and ran to it. Hill was seated at the head of the table, the upper ser- vants round her. "Mrs. Hill," I said, appearing among them without ceremony, "Mr. Chandos wants you for a moment. Instantly, if you please." "There ! His hand has burst out bleeding again !" surmised Hickens, who occupied the chair opposite Hill. Mrs. Hill said nothing, but rose and followed me. As we passed through the hall, there came a loud ring at the front door, and a knocking at it as if with sabres. "Hill," Mr. Chandos whispered, drawing her into the oak- parlour, and there was a world of dread and terror in his tone, "the police are outside the house, mounted." She shrieked out aloud, making the room ring. The woman actually trembled all over. "Hush !" interrupted Mr. Chandos. "Don't lose your senses, Hill." "Oh, Mr. Harry ! the police at last ! It's what I have dreamt of ever since that awful night !" "Well, you and I must be calm. You know the plan decided upon, if it ever came to this. I may not go ; I must stay and face it. Make you haste ! And—Hill ! lock the outer door of the east wing on the outside : Mrs. Chandos must not see these men." Hill did not stay to listen. She appeared to take in all, and was flying up the stairs, breath- less and panting. There came another ring, another noise as with the sabres; and Robin, one of the under men, who was coming across the hall, increased his speed. Mr. Chandos arrested him. "Robin, desire Hickens to attend himself. I wish it." The man turned back, and Mr. Chandos stood for a moment against the wall, his hands on his pale face. "Dear Mr. Chandos !" I said, in emotion great as his, "why are you afraid ? what dread- ful thing is it ? Confide in me ! tell me !" "That you may run from me, as the rest will do ! You have said the word, Anne—dreadful. That is it." Hickens was advancing to the hall. Mr. Chandos went out to him ; I looked from the parlour-door. "Hickens," said Mr. Chandos, speaking with apparent carelessness, "these may be the police at the door. If so, they may enter." "Them police again, sir ! " returned Hickens, in consternation. "Weren't they satisfied with their last visit ? Whatever can they want at this hour ?" "That's my business," replied Mr. Chandos. And Hickens turned to the entrance. "What a cowardly donkey that Joseph is, barring up the house before bed-time !" quoth Hickens to himself as he threw wide the door. Threw it wide and admitted two of the officers. The other one remained with the horses. CHAPTER XX. HERE IN THE GALLERY BY MOONLIGHT MR. CHANDOS advanced with suavity ; the officers saluted him and took off their hats. He held his handkerchief to his face, as if fearing the draught ; I knew that it was to shade his livid countenance. "A late visit, gentlemen ! To what am I in- debted for it ?" He had been gradually withdrawing to the oak-parlour as he spoke, and they came with him. I drew back in confused indecision, and stood humbly in the remotest and darkest corner. I had not courage to quit the room, for I must have brushed by them ; I hoped that Mr. Chandos would see and dismiss me. But no ; he closed the door, in the face of Hickens, whose state of mind was a pretty even balance between wonder and dismay. "We could not get here sooner, sir," ob- served one of the officers, who spoke quite like a gentleman, "but we hope the delay has not been inconvenient to you. The inspector, to whom your note was addressed, was out when it arrived, so that it was not opened immediately." Had the sentence been spoken in an unknown tongue, it could not more completely have puzzled Mr. Chandos, to judge by his looks. "What note do you speak of ?" he asked. "The note you sent in to-day." This appeared to be no elucidation to Mr. Chandos. "Will you tell me what its contents were ?" "We got but one, sir. It requested two or three of us to be here to-night, mounted. It intimated that the thief, who has been playing tricks in your house, was discovered, and would be given up to us. Our inspector wondered why we were wanted to come mounted." Oh, the change that fell over the face of Mr. Chandos ! the eager light of hope, the vivid rush of renewed colour ! It was as one awaken- ing from death to life. "Gentlemen," he said with a smile, as he pointed to seats, "I fear a trick has been played upon you. I have not written to your inspector, and most certainly possess, as yet, no clue to the parties who have been so disagreeably busy at Chandos." They seemed hardly to believe him. For my own part I could scarcely tell what was real, what not. "But you must not go back without refresh- ment, although you have had a useless ride," concluded Mr. Chandos, when some further ex- planation had passed. "It shall be brought in at once," he added, ringing for Hickens. "And this young lady," looking at me, "will obligingly see the housekeeper and bid her hasten it." I obeyed the look and followed him into the hall. Hickens was there. "Supper, Hickens. These gentlemen will take some before their departure. Bring the best of what you have, and be quick over it." Hickens moved away with alacrity ; the word "departure" had reassured him, and also seemed to afford hope that his curiosity would be satis- fied. Mr. Chandos caught my hand and drew me through the door to the foot of the stairs. His own hand was trembling, and cold as ice : unconsciously, I think to himself, he laid it on my shoulder, and spoke in the gentlest whisper. "Go to the west wing, Anne. Knock at the outer door, but do attempt to enter. Hill will answer you. Tell her to inform Lady Chandos that it is a false alarm; that the officers have only come respecting what was recently lost from my desk, and that I have ordered supper for them. Say that I will be with my mother as soon as possible, but I remain at present to entertain them." He returned swiftly to the parlour, closing the door, leaving me to proceed on my errand. Hill answered my knock, her face and her cap of an equal whiteness, and I delivered the message, speaking in a whisper. Strangely relieved seemed she, at least in an equal degree with Mr. Chandos, and she made me repeat the little I had heard said by the officers, as if scarcely daring to believe the good tidings, without con- firmation. "Heaven be praised !" she exclaimed ; "it would just have killed my lady. Bless you, child, for a good girl." That Hill's relief of mind must have been something extrordinary for her to bless me, one could but acknowledge; and I excused her shut- ting the baize door in my face. In less than half an hour, I heard the police ride away, as I sat in my chamber, and Mr. Chandos passed to the west wing. It was very dull for me in that lonely bedroom, and only half-past 9 o'clock ; so I thought I might go down again. Hickens was putting the things together on the supper tray. "Miss, do you know what those men came for?" he asked. "Well Hickens, not exactly. Nothing at all to be afraid of, so far as I could gather. I heard Mr. Chandos laughing with them when they went away." "Oh, I heard that ; I was rung for to show 'em out," retained Hickens. "My opinion is this, miss, that it's just a scandal for policemen to ride up at will in the dark night to a gentle- man's seat—almost a nobleman's—and if I were Mr. Chandos I'd let them know it. Swords clanging to 'em, indeed ! What next ?" He went away with his tray. Five minutes afterwards Mr. Chandos came down. He was so gay ; his step was light, his face smiling. It was only the reaction that sometimes sets in after deliverance from great fear. I had not thought to see him again that night: and stupidly said so. "No! I came to look after you; lest you should have melted away with terror. Were you very much scared, Anne?" "Yes; just at first." "Take it for all in all this has been a sensa- tional evening," he resumed, laughing. "My accident at the window; your discovery of the marked money in your box; and the visitation of the police. Private families do not in gene- ral boast of so much amusement all at once." I looked at him wistfully. After the intense agitation and dread he had betrayed, this light tone sounded very unnatural ; almost like a mocking make- believe. "Mr. Chandos, I fear you live in some great peril," was my timid rejoinder. "I suppose it may not be told what it is ; but I wish I could ease you ; I wish I could avert it from you what- ever it may be." As if by magic, his mood changed, and the dark shade came back to his countenance. "So you won't let me cheat myself, Anne ! I was trying if I could do it." "If you would but tell me what it is. If I could avert it from you !" "No living being can do that, Anne. I wish I could forget it, if only for a moment." "And you cannot ?" "Never ; by night or by day. I appear as the rest of the world does ; I laugh, I talk ; but within ever lies that one terrible care, weighing me down like an incubus." How terrible it was, I could see even then, as he covered his eyes for a moment with his wasted hand. "But to-night has brought me a great relief —though it may be but temporary," he re- turned, looking up. "How thankful I felt when the police explained their errand, God alone can ever know." "But what did you fear they had come for ?" "That I cannot tell you. Not upon quite so harmless a one as it turned out to be." "Better, perhaps, that they had come for me." Mr. Chandos smiled—as well he might at the words ; and passed to a gaier strain. "Which of the three would you have pre- ferred to ride before, had I given you into cus- tody for finding that money of mine in your possession ?" But I did not answer in the same jesting spirit ; I could not so readily forget my alarm, or their hidden trouble. Very gravely, for it was nearly bed-time, I put my hand out to wish him good-night. He took it within both of his, and there was a pause of silence. "Anne," he said, his low voice sounding straagely solemn in the stillness of the room, "you have been to-night forced into what may be called a species of confidence as to our un- happy secrets ; at least, to have become cogni- sant that Chandos has things to be concealed. Will you be true to us—in so far as not to speak of this ?" "I will." "In the house and out of it ?"—and he seemed to lay emphasis on the "in." "I will be true as heaven," I answered in my earnestness. "I will seem to forget that I know it myself." "Thank you, my best friend. Good-night." I had come up earlier than usual ; it was not 10 o'clock; and I thought I might read for half an hour without transgressing any good rule. But where had I left my book ? Looking about I could not see it. It occurred to me then. I had been sitting reading in the gallery window for some minutes before dinner ; and must have left the book there. It was but a few steps and I went to fetch it. There it was. I found it by feel, not by sight. The moon was bright again, but the window shutters were closed and barred. It was that beautiful story, the "Heir of Redclyffe." Ma- dame de Mellissie had bought the Tauchnitz edition of it in Paris, and left it behind her at Chandos. Soon after she left I had found it and read it ; and was now dipping into it again. But now—as I took it in my hand there oc- curred a very strange thing, frightening me nearly to death. Turning from the window, the whole length of gallery was before me up to the door of the west wing, the moonlight shin- ing into it in places from the high windows above. There, midway in the passage, the moonlight revealing it, was a shadowy sort of form ; looking like nothing on earth but an apparition. I was in the shade ; in the dark ; remember that. Gliding along slowly, one of its arms stretched out, looking just as if it were stretched out in warning to me to escape—and I had not the sense then to remember that I must be in- visible—on it came. A tall, thin, skeleton of a form, with a white and shadowy face. There was no escape for me : to fly to my own room would be to meet it ; and no other door of refuge was open. It has never been your fate, as I feel sure, my gentle reader, to be at one end of a gallery in a haunted house at night and see a ghost gliding towards you from the other ; so please don't laugh at me. What my sensations were I can neither describe nor you conceive ; I cannot bear to think of them even now. That I beheld the ghost said to haunt Chandos, my sick heart as fully believed in that moment as it believed in Heaven. Presence of mind forsook me ; all that the wildest imagination can picture of superstitious terror assailed me : and I almost think—yes, I do think—that I might have lost my senses or died, but for the arrival of suc- cour. Oh, believe me ! In these awful moments, which have on occasion come to people in real life far more certainly and terribly than anything ever represented in fiction, believe me, God is ever at hand to send relief. The overstrung mind is not abandoned to itself : very, very rarely indeed are our guardian angels absent, or unready to work by an earthly instrument. It came to me in the person of Mr. Chandos. Ascending the stairs, a candle in his hand, softly whistling in unconcern, he came. It was no moment for deliberation : had it been a king or emperor, it had been all the same to me. With a great cry of anguish ; with a low pro- longed shriek of terror, that burst from me in the tension of nerves and brain ; with a clasp of his arms, as if I dare not let him go again, I laid hold of him ; dropping the book on the carpet of the gallery. I suppose he put the wax-light down ; I sup- pose he got over his astonishment in some way: all I knew was that in a moment he was holding me in his arms, trying to soothe my sobbing. Reaction had come, and with it tears ; never before had I cried so violently ; and I clung to him still in an agony of terror, as one drowning clings to the living. But nothing remained in the gallery. Whatever had been in it had vanished. "What is all this ? What has alarmed you ?" "It was there, it was coming towards me !" I whispered hysterically in answer. "Oh, forgive me ! Hold me ! I feel as though I should die." "What was coming ?" he inquired. "The same—I think—that is seen in the grounds. The ghost." "How can you be so foolish ? how can you take up these absurd fancies ?" he remonstrated, in a sharp tone, moving some steps away from me. "I did, Mr. Chandos ; I did. It came along with its arm raised, as if to warn me off : a tall skeleton of a form, with shadowy features, the hue of the dead. Features that bear, in their formation, a great resemblance to yours." Was it fancy ? or was it fact ?—that his own features, as I spoke, assumed an ashy tint, just as they had done when the police-officers came. "What were you doing out here ?" he asked, in the same sharp accent. "I only came to the window-seat to get a book. I saw it as I turned to go back." "You saw nothing," he persisted, with some warmth. "I am astonished at you, Miss Here- ford : the fancy was the creation of your own brain, and nothing more. Pray, if the ghost was here then, where has it disappeared to now ?" "I don't know. I think it seemed to go back towards the west wing. It was certainly there." "You are certainly silly," was his response. "A vast deal more so than I had given you credit for." "Ah, Mr. Chandos, you cannot reason me out of my eyesight and my senses. Thank you, thank you ever for coming up the stairs just then : I do believe I should have died, or lost my reason." Picking up the "Heir of Redclyffe," I walked to my room, went in, and shut the door. Mr. Chandos pulled it open again with a sharp pull. "Forgive me if I have been harsh. Good night." "Oh, yes, sir; I know how foolish it must seem to you. Good night." "Go to rest in peace and safety, Anne. And rest assured that no ill, ghostly or human, shall work you harm while I am at hand to pre- vent it." I closed the door and bolted it, a vague idea in my mind that a bolted door is a better safe- guard against a ghost than an unbolted one. Mr. Chandos' footsteps died away in the direc- tion of the west wing. With the morning, a little of the night's im- pression had vanished, for the sun was shining brilliantly. Ghosts and sunlight don't accord with each other ; you cannot make them amal- gamate. Ghosts at midnight are ghosts : in the warm and cheery morning sun they are of doubtful identity; or, at any rate, have vanished very far off, into unknown regions. I dressed myself as usual, in better spirits than might be supposed, and went down. Mr. Chandos was earlier than I, and stood at the window in the oak-parlour. He took my hand and retained it for some moments in silence, I standing side by side with him, and looking from the window as he did. "And how is the ghost this morning, Anne ?" "I wish you would regard me as a rational being, Mr. Chandos ! Do anything but treat me as a child." "Nay, I think you proved yourself both irra- tional and a child last night," he laughingly said. "Indeed I did not. I wish you had seen what I did." "I wish I had," was the mocking answer. "Anne, trust me : there is no ghost inside Chandos, whatever they may say as to there being one out of it." "I don't know how I shall be able to go up stairs alone at night again." "Nor I. You will want Hill and half a dozen lighted torches to escort you. Do you remember my remarking that last evening, tak- ing one event with another, was a sensational one ? But I did not suppose it was to wind up with anything so grand as a ghost." The mocking tone, the ridicule vexed me. It was as if he ridiculed me. In spite of my good sense, and my good manners, the vexation came into my eyes. "There ! We will declare a truce, Anne, and let the ghost drop. I don't want to make you angry with me." "I am not angry, sir. I can never repay all your kindness to me; and especially that last one of coming to my relief last night." "Which was accidental. Shall I tell you how you can repay it all, Anne ?" His voice had dropped to earnest seriousness ; his eyes, a strangely-sad gravity seated in their depths, looked yearningly into mine. "I wish you could, sir." "Let this matter of your ghost be a perfect secret between you and me. One to be disclosed to no one." "Certainly. I promise." That some great reason prompted the request was unmistakeable : that there were certain interests attaching to this "ghost," whether it might walk out of doors or in, could but be apparent. A mysterious awe—pardon the words—pervaded the subject altogether ; and had from the moment I first entered Chan- dos. How I wished he would take me into his confidence !—if it were only that I might show him that I would be true and faithful. But for the strange reticence imposed by love when once he takes possession of the soul, I might have boldly suggested this. He leaned out of the window, inhaling the crisp air of the bright October morning. Cou- rage at length came to me to say a word. "Of course, sir, I do not fail to see that there are interests here that involve caution and care, though I cannot think how, or what they are. If you would entrust me with them—and I could help in any way—I should be glad. I would be so true." "Ay, I am sure you would be. Latterly a vision has crossed me of a time—a possible future when it might be disclosed. But it is neither probable nor near. Indeed, it seems like a dream even to glance at it." He had been looking at the far-off skies as he spoke, as though he were in a dream. The urn was brought in, and I went to the table to make the tea. Newspapers and letters arrived ; he was buried in them during breakfast, and carried them afterwards to his own sitting-room. I saw his horse brought to the door in the course of the morning. In crossing the hall to go to it, he looked in at the oak-parlour. I was mending gloves. "Hard at work ! Do you wear mended gloves ?" "Everybody is not Mr. Chandos of Chandos. Poor governesses have to wear many things that the gay world does not. And Mrs. Paler has not paid me." "Shall I bring you some gloves home to-day ?" "Oh, no, indeed ; no, thank you, Mr. Chan- dos," I answered, speaking and colouring much more vehemently than the occasion called for. "Are you going for a ride ?" "I am going to the police-station at Warsall, to endeavour to get a sight of that note." "Who could have written it ? It seems so useless a hoax to have played." "Useless?—As it turned out, yes. But it strikes me the intention was neither harmless nor useless," he added, in a thoughtful tone. "Shall you not institute an inquiry into it, Mr. Chandos ?" "No. I shall pick up what there may be to pick up in a quiet way ; but I shall make no stir in it. I have my reasons. Good-bye, Anne. Mind you mend those gloves neatly." "Good bye, sir. Take care of Black Knave —that he does not throw you again." He went away laughing at his own remark on the gloves, or mine on Black Knave, went up to the west wing, and was down again in a minute. The horse was a favourite, and he patted him and spoke to him before mounting. The groom rode a bright bay horse ; a fine animal also. Surely there was no harm in my looking from the window to watch them away ! But Mrs. Penn, who came into the oak-parlour at the mo- ment, appeared to think there was. Her lips were drawn in and her brow had a frown on it as I turned to her. With the want of ceremony that distinguished her customary behaviour to me, she flung herself back in an easy-chair, her arms hanging down listlessly, her feet stretching out. Her gown was a bright muslin of beauti- ful hue and texture; her glowing hair had pur- ple ribbons in it and black lace lappets. "What a place this Chandos seems to be !" she exclaimed. "Did you ever see such a house, Miss Hereford ? That visit of the police riding up with their naked sabres !" "The sabres were in their sheaths." "They clanked ; I know that. I can tell you it gave me a turn. And after all, after terrify- ing us nearly to death, Mr. Chandos, I hear, entertained them amicably at supper !" "It was as well to be civil ; it was not their fault that they came. A trick had been played on them." "A trick ? I don't understand." "A note was written in Mr. Chandos' name to the inspector of police at Warsall, asking for mounted officers to be sent over. They sup- posed they were coming to take into custody the person who has been playing tricks at Chan- dos. Tricks : that was the word used." Mrs. Penn stared at me. "Who wrote the note ?" "Mr. Chandos does not know. He received a note himself also last night, an anonymous one : insinuating that as you and I were the only strangers at Chandos, one of us must be the guilty person." "What next ?" demanded Mrs. Penn, angrily taking up the words. "Does Mr. Chandos suppose I stole my own lace and rifled my own letter ?" "Mr. Chandos knows better. I say it was the anonymous letter that suggested the idea to him. But I thought it seemed to point more to me than to you." "Mr. Chandos would not admit the idea— would he ?" "Oh, no. I am quite easy on that score. Mr. Chandos knows he may trust me." Whether Mrs. Penn thought the remark seemed to reflect on herself ; to shift the impu- tation on her, failing me, I could not tell ; cer- tainly no such thing had been in my mind. Her eyes grew angry : she rose from the chair, and shook her finger in my face. "Anne Hereford, I have warned you once not to allow yourself to grow attached to Mr. Chan- dos ; I now warn you again. There are rea- sons—I may not speak them—why it could bring you nothing but misery. Misery ! It is but a faint word for it ; disgrace, shame ; more than you in your inexperience can imagine of evil. Better that you fell in love with the lowest man-servant attached to the place than with Harry Chandos." The tell-tale crimson arose in my cheeks, and I bent to pick one of the late rose-buds, en- twining themselves about the trellis- work out- side. "Child ! Should harm ever come of this, re- collect that I did my best to warn you. I am older than you are by many years ; had I ever possessed a daughter, she might have been of your age. Where has Mr. Chandos gone ?" she resumed, in a different tone. "To Warsall. He would like to discover the writer of the note to the police." "You seem to be quite in his confidence," re- marked Mrs. Penn. "He told me so much—that he intended to ride thither. No very great stretch of confi- dence." "There are many things I don't like in this house," she continued, after an interval of silence. "What do you suppose they did last night ? Actually locked us up in the east wing ! Turned the key upon us ! I was coming forth to see if I could find out what those police were doing, and I found myself a prisoner ! Madam Hill's act and deed, that was." "Indeed !" was my reply, not choosing to tell her that I had heard the order given by Mr. Chandos. "Hill takes a vast deal too much upon her- self. I thought it could be no one else, and taxed her with it, asking how she could presume to lock up me. She cooly replied that she had never thought of me at all in the affair, but of Mrs. Chandos, who was of a timid nature, and would not like the sight of policemen inside the house. Poor thing ! she has cause," added Mrs. Penn, in a sort of self-soliloquy. "Mrs. Chandos has ?" "Ay. No unhappy prisoner escaped from Portland Island, hiding his head anywhere to elude notice, has more cause to dread the detec- tive officers of justice than she. Your friend, Harry Chandos, has the same. I would not lead the life of apprehension he does, for un- told gold. Look at the skeleton it makes of him ! he is consuming away with inward fever. You were surprised when that London physician was brought down to him ; the household were surprised : I was not." "How came you to be so deep in their secrets ?" "Had I not been in their secrets, and shown them that I was, I should not have been ad- mitted an inmate of that east wing," she an- swered. "Do you know, when the police came last night—but I had better hold my tongue, or I may say too much." To avoid doing so, possibly, she quitted the room. But there were few women—as I be- lieved—less likely than Mrs. Penn to be betrayed into speaking on impulse what it might not be expedient to speak. The adventures of the day were not over for me. I wish they had been ! I finished my gloves ; I practised ; I did a little German ; and in the afternoon, when it was getting late, I strolled out with my book, the "Heir of Red- clyffe," and sat down between the house and the lodge-gates in a sheltered seat where I could see who passed to and from the house, without being seen. The morning had been very lovely ; the even- ing was setting in less so ; a sighing wind whistled amidst the trees, clouds passed rapidly over the face of the sky, and the autumn leaves fell and were whirled about the paths. Did it ever strike you that there is something melan- choly in these dying leaves ? Many people like autumn best of the four seasons; but I think there is in it a great deal of sadness. It brings our own autumn of life too forcibly to the mind : as the leaves of the trees decay, and fall, and die ; so must we when our time shall come. I was listening to the rustle of the leaves, and watching—if this is to be a true confession—for Mr. Chandos, when he rode by to the house. In- clination would have led me after him ; com- mon sense and propriety kept me where I was. Presently, I saw Lizzy Dene advancing quietly along one of the dark and private paths. She wore her cloak and bonnet, and had a basket on her arm, as if she had been on an errand to the village. In a moment some gentleman had met her and they were talking together. It was Edwin Barley. There were so many outlets from the broad walk that almost any of these private paths could be gained at will. Lizzy Dene came on almost directly ; she seemed to be in a hurry, and turned off towards the kitchens. The next to appear in the same walk was Mrs. Penn, striking right across the steps of Mr. Edwin Barley. I was so sheltered by surrounding trees that they could not see me ; but as they came nearer, walking side by side, Mrs. Penn's eye caught mine. She quickened her pace and Mr. Edwin Barley turned back, raising his hat to her. "Here you are with your book," she began. "Is it not too dark to see to read ?" "Almost. Have you been for a walk, Mrs. Penn ?" I asked, hoping she'd not mention the name of Edwin Barley. "I have been to the village post. I don't care to trust my letters now to the hall-table. Did you notice a gentleman with me down there, Miss Hereford ?" "I think I did see some one walking with you. It is dark amid all those trees." "I want to know his name. He has accosted me once or twice lately. A very civil, gentle- manly man." "Is he ! He has spoken to me, and I—I did not think him so. At least I did not much like him. He lives in that house by the lodge gates." "Oh, then, it must be Mr. Edwin Barley. Did you know his name ?" "Yes." "He is a friend of the people here, I sup- pose. He stopped me just now and began asking after the health of Lady Chandos, as if he had an interest in it." "I should not answer any of his questions at all, if I were you, Mrs. Penn." "Why not ?" "You don't know anything of him, or what his motives may be for inquiry, I once heard Mr. Chandos warn him off these grounds; after that, he has no right to enter them. I think his doing so looks suspicious." " I think you must be a suspicious young lady to fancy it," returned Mrs. Penn with a laugh. "You were certainly born to be a vielle fille, Anne Hereford. They are always ultra-cau- tious." "I dare say I was." "When a gentleman—and a neighbor, as you now say he is—makes inquiries in passing after the invalids of the family you may be staying with, I do not see any harm in answering. One can't turn away like a bear and say I will not tell you." "As you please. I do not think Mr. Chan- dos would approve of your speaking to him." "Talking of Mr. Chandos, has he returned from that police errand yet ?" "I saw him ride past half an hour ago." "I must hasten home," she returned, moving away. "Mrs. Chandos cannot be left for long. I have run all the way back from the post, and I ran to it." What a strangely persevering man that Edwin Barley seemed to be ! If Mrs. Penn knew—as she evidently did know—the dark secrets of the Chandos family, what might he not get out of her ? I nearly made up my mind to inform Mr. Chandos. Alas for me ! for my poor courage ! Turning a sharp corner by the alcove to go home, I came upon him standing there : Edwin Barley. Was he waiting for me, or for Mrs. Penn ? But she had gone by the other path. It was too late to retreat. I essayed to do it, but be placed him- self in my way. "Not so fast, young lady. I have been ex- pecting you to come up. I saw you in the dis- tance, and waited to exchange a word with you. Why ! you won't be so discourteous as to re- fuse !" "I cannot stay now, thank you." "Oh, yes you can—when I wish it. I want to enquire after the health of the family. There's no getting anything out of anybody : they can't tell me how my lady is, save from hear- say ; they 'never see her,' they 'see nearly as little of Mr. Chandos.' You and I can be more confidential." "No, we cannot, sir. I never see Lady Chandos, any more than others do." "Which you cannot say of Mr. Harry ; you see rather much of him," retorted Mr. Edwin Barley, with a parting of the lips that showed the subject vexed him. "You and he are to- gether always—as the news is brought to me." "Did Mrs. Penn tell you that ?" I asked, my colour and my anger rising together. "Mrs. Penn !" "The lady you have just parted with," I an- swered, supposing he did not know her by name. "Mrs. Chandos' companion. She's none too civil to me. You had a visit from the mounted police last evening; an unexpected one rumour runs. Did their sudden appearance confound Mr. Harry Chandos ?" [TO BE CONTINUED.] 