OOUNTRY INTLiLLIGENOE. OIROULARHEAD. (From our owo Correspondeet.) Moiiday, April 5. It has bean determined bytlie Board of Works to build is bridge over the deep gulley near Martin's,: land, end of South Road, having a span of 240 feet. The construction of this bridge upon piers formed yvith stout loge will be of 'great service t6othe neighbor ing settlers, and lead to the ocoupationi of crown land; further back, fine sections of which are now open for selection. The Road Trust have supplemented the amount granted by the Board of Works. The South Road at Circular Head is the chief outlet1 upon which the largest number of settlers reside on each side, and the additions made to the road either in per'mcaneit bridges or othier imprhvementis, cannot fail to be found here after of value to the progress of the wholo settlement. It also affords a route to, the back country, of which little is yet known, though no doubt a large proportion of it lying between the end of the road and the Hellyer and Arthur rivers, consisting lof more than a million of acres,would be found ; worthy- of ocupation.' The Stanley Reading Rooni was openied for thoseason on the 1st April, when the:follow.. fug selections were read-The Doctor's Ghost, Mr. A. T. Mayson; DrownedAlive, lMr. C.. Parsons; Dissertation oniRosstrig, RoV. H. E. Drew ;A Traveller's Tale, Mr. J. Ed wards ; Genevra, Mr. F. Chala,; The Ladies' Petition to Dr. Moice, Mr. C.Walker. The above named stories arid selections wore well gone through, and caused muachamuse ment; but whether the reading room will be opened as usual overyThursday evening is a problem not solved; and in the event of the Committee not finding sufficient readers to enable them to produce a full progratmme; it has been suggested that upon : the alternate Thursday a longer piece should, be read by one or more persons, reserving the short tales for each fortnight's entertainment. It has also been suggested that a museum for curio 3 sities of every' kind should be established, which I cannot help thinking would bh highly valuable hereafter, and be found to work well, as there is probably no piart of the island of Tasmaniia where more beautiful or rare shells can be found, as well as an im r mense variety of other items of natural his 1 tory; and it is to be hoped that the nucleus a of a museum may be at once formed. The s reading room itself had a small beginning, r but it has been found to work satisfactorily, e with a desire among the readers rather than if otherwise to recogniso the institution as a per dl manent one; and therefore the same amount a of progress might be readily guaranteed for so valuable an addition, as the one now fore a~d q)oponing~u ;a i wouild, g dqJflhtIc for rsnoarah'horo;"t well na 'it 'doe lin oval Patof t- wr,, ._Parafuebr Flume entortetned about-100 per, onsZI at' tie Stanley Reading, :lBoom iAthl eveningi. 