* SUMMARY. !The English mail has arrived.' The commer .- -cial news is not very favourable to the colony. ?? Wool, tallow, and copper ere all said to- be ' lowtr. -,-..;. Parliament is at work, and Mr. Gladstone has produced his bill for dealing with the' Irish.- Church. His scheme is to give the surplus funds to the relief of the poor. And he is in favour of a prompt settlement of the question. . Continental affairs are in much the same state as before, Spain being still without a king, and talking of a triumvirate. America seems, disinclined to accept the settlement of the Alabama- question. General Oeakt has taken office, and declared himself in favour of specie -payments. His Cabinet was -chosen, but eome alterations in it were speedily made. None of the old men are in office bow. Mb. Most has found a rival in Victoria in a Mr. Postle, who has devised a plan for preserving meat in cold receptacles. Mr. PosTijji's plan is in eome respects an adapta tion of the principle involved in the Norwegian kitchen, for the ^scientific principle for the keeping out of heat and the keeping- out of cold is the same. Mr. Postlb packs his meat in felt-lined bins, and injects a stream of ?chilled air. The lining of felt greatly protects the material inside from the, influence of the .outside temperature, and only enough addi tional cold is wanted, to keep the temperature, constant. By. the, current injected, however,' ..fresh air and cold are .supplied' ;' at the eame time. The experiment has been 'tried ^successfully for a month at Melbourne, and it is, believed can be applied on board shjp fpr, an indefinite period. * At a meeting in Melbourne, 'where 'the tteat was produced and tasked, Mr. . G. S. Lang lead a paper showing that* if 'iriuttbn could 'be1 bought for ?? two'-pence . a pound in Melbourne, and sold for five-pence a pound in London, there would bea'profit of £959 on the shipment of every 100 tons, or 4148 .'carcases. ' ? ; A TEMFEniircE Meeting was held on Tuesday . -evening in Sydney, to ? promote a scheme fpr enrolling all the children of the colony a? far as possible in the list of teetotallers. It was argued .;, {hat- progress in dealing with adults was very islow, and that .the real way to tackle the difficulty, and in the long run the quickest, was -to make the children abstainers, and eo train the coming generation to new,, ideas and new habits ; there tnight be a fair chance' then of the next race . being sober. ;: ' ' '.''.'..?..' '.?{'.. i '. .. There can be no objection to children being . ..-.teetotallers, for no one will pretend that intoxi cating beverages are necessary. :. to a healthy child,1 and few will even contend that'they 'ape ' desirable. But, in binding young children by \- T0W8, care must be taken not ? to damage the conscience by a dangerous bohdag -. Young ? ?' people are too innocent of the world to know Altogether what they are doing when they take tcwb. Care must be taken to let it be under stood that the voluntary pledge is always re pealable. Only so, can a promise made origi nally in the epirif of obedience or reverence . for teachers be taken up and continued as the mature resolve of adult life and Bettled convic tions. ? . An Imperial despatch, has been received in .Victoria, the principle of which will apply equally to the neighbouring colonies, on the .subject of ecclesiastical precedence, and which will settle a question that has given rise to 'some disagreeable enimosittes. Earl Gea.n-! a'ille writes to say. that the scale of prece dence formerly established was instituted solely as respects public' functionaries, and \- 'was planned at a time, when it was 'thought that the Queen could legally make dioceses and bishops by 'iettens ' patent 'in colonies . having .representative governments.. It has', jince been^_j_udicially decided that these letters ''patent , were . not within the' scope' of Royal.- authority, - and j no' anore ; will ' be 'issued.1 ' The' HsTipp's, Jherefore, bare not the official status it was thought' they, bad when their precedence' was jaBsigned' to them, end the ; regulations will not;.' for the' \- future, be considered as assigning it to thecji. At the same time, those 'who have hitherto en joyed the dignity will not be degraded1, but will' , be allowed to enjoy their honours for life. ' But ecclesiastics, though thus cutout of their status in the list of the Master of Ceremonies, are not positively refused all recognition. Govern ors may give to the heads of religious denomi nations any position of precedence which the' circumstances and feelings of the community may .permit. But ecclesiastics will do well not to make any fight for Court dignity, and not to feel sore at losing it. ' 1 The Synod has bestowed a great deal of time on the presentation ordinance. As it stands , tX present, the Bishop is to have a veto on all appointments, but there is to be an appeal from' his decision to the 'Provincial Synod or its standing committee, and if that - appeal Reverses his decision, the appointment is to be , \- carried but. Persons who build a church; ate \- to have- a first presentation, and those' who , endow it are to have a life right, of preeen . tation; but there is to be no hereditary or ^transferable right.' Some members 'wished 'to adopt the English plan in its entirety, but1 ?the majority considered the sale of advowsons' an abuse that the colonial Church ought net . :'to introduce. ! The way in which the Government will deal ..with the application that has gone up to it from' the Synod, respecting the operations of the Council of Education, will be some test of its disposition to retain or to modify the principle!! of the Public Schools Act. 'five Synod represents an influential body, and Mr. Ewinc's motion was ? only opposed, verbally, by one iiiyman, and was c'imed almost unani mously. Mr. Ki'ciiakd Jo-*RS was the solitary layrr.an who rose to deprecate any tampering, with the Act and to speak, of it in terms if praise.1- ..-?.?? . ? But though the pressure' thus brought so bear upon the Government' represents influei tial parlies,' Mr. 'RoBEUT60if and Mr. Fdns'iHte have both been Btout advocates of secular ?education. Both of . them.' complained, s-rid the latter vehemently, that the- Act was not -secular enough, and that Mr. Pahkes yielded too freely to the DenominationaViBts. Mt.' SuTnERijANir also has always been strongly favourable to the Act,' and Mr. Samuei; is not -supposed to be indifferent to it. ? The Ministry would, therefore, Tiave to belie their past professions if they did what the Synod atked, and they can scarcely find any decent cause for so doing. ? - ' The request .is that grants should issue as freely to certified Denominational schools as to Public schools, and Mr. Ewino asks, why not? The reason . why is, that it is now the public policy to treat private property and public as on a different footing. The State will only invest its money in its own land, though h will also sustain the action of private institutions. But in the latter case it pays simply for services, and is supposed to get its money hack in money's worth. If the 8tate builds or repairs schools for itself it keeps its own property ; if it spends on buildings belonging to the sects the property is not national.' The Bishop announced to the Synod that he had forwarded its resolution to the Government. ; Advantage has been taken of the meeting of the Synod to give a push to the work of ?founding a fresh Bishopric at Bathurst. The project waits ' for nothing ' but money. The limits of the diocese have been fixed, the assent of the Archbishop, has been obtained, the occupant, of the see has even been de signated, though- hjfl; nwiap', is kept secret for the present, but. the consecration will not lie proceeded with till an endowment of ten thousand pounds has been secured and in vested. ' pf this amount,' £8000 had been already -promised within £150, and an appeal was made , to the meeting -jo promise, the rest. His ..?; Excellence was present, and spoke, and it was announced that he had given . a - hundred pounds. The sum. of ,^four hundred pounds was promised. It was '-stated to be very desirable that the .remainder, should be collected before the date of the outgoing mail, which' leaves on the 22nd instant, so that instructions might be seat home. that all difficulties were removed; and the Bishop expressed not. only, his hope, but his confidence, that it could and, would be donk The clergy and the members ot' the Church m the Western, districts are ;anxious to have Ja ?bishop of their own, and the Mexeopolita^t is anxious to 'toe relieved -of ' the , dis tant portion of. his ? responsibilities. He ' has, not time 'to visit' the far, WeBt. It was said that come considered that clergy were wanted more' than bishops, but bishops were the. means of settling clergy, and infused fresh life and organisation into' the Church, j The multiplication of dioceses seems to he more stimulated by area of territory, or by its inaccessibility, than fey density of popula tion. For while Victoria, which has the largest population, has only -one bishop, New South Wales has already four, and is to have, a fifth ; and New Zealand, with a still smaller population than New South Wales, has also several. ? ? ? ! The first quarterly returns of the revenue and expenditure under the administration of Mr. Samuel have been just published. The revenue shews a falling-off of nearly £33,000 as compared with the corresponding quarter pf -last year.- This is not a very encouraging start for the first quarter of the new regime, tit things may be better before the close of the . year. .' The change of Ministry has not had any effect on thie revenue, because there las beejn no change of policy. People do not con sume 'or import less or more because MJ\ Robep^bon has replaced Mr. Maetin. All the machinery of commerce and most of that yl 'government'' ' goes'! W ' A'?'. ^S '?,an*e' whoever may happen to draw the. salary! of Colonial Secretary. The, Customs' revenue on lhe,\ articles that pay1 a fixed duty shov s afalling'off, but'the ad valorem duties' haie 'picked'^. '.The TEEAStfEEB, however, his 'promised to 'repeal Ihese duties as soon ,as 1: e tcan;. and that being .the. case,. the -sooner tha better;^br.it is Tery undesirable that the tariff should be' perpetually threatened with change^. Commerce thrives best with fixed -charges. j I.TheJlanil. revenue i8 ,also .short.,. There is a falling-off. both in the- -sales and in th'e amount ^ derived from leases. There is less likely 'to. be a recovery in this departmeit' during the year than in that of the Customs. In, spite of Mr. Robeeibon's indisposition to change his own law, it is probable that he will be forced to do so. Mr. Fobsier's opinions in favour of a reduction of the upset price have been often and plainly expressed, and in his own Land Bill he fixed the price at ten shillings. The late Ministry showed also a disposition to weaken the standard of the fixed price, and the tendency of public opinion is certainly that way. 'While future legislation is thus uncertain, it is net very likely that 'extensive land purchases will' take place, and the revenue will be correspond ingly dull. . ? ?' ? ??? '? \ The Natal gold-fields have turned out to be- little better than a hoax. Those who have gone to Natal find that there is nothing do warrant their- -taking the long journey of eight hundred miles into the interior, and there is ino employment for them on the .spot, where Zulu' labour is so plentiful and cheap. The Government itself, is alarmed at the pros pect of an invmd&tiou; of discontented gold eeekers, and a notification has been officially sent to ..these . colonies warning persons £ gainst being misled by 'flying re ports. This notice states that the Govern ment of Natal is not in possession of evidence of the- existence of gold in re munerative quantities .either in Natal or in the territories of Moselekatse. It further states ithat there is . no . such' demand for labour' as would supply persons with the means of proceeding into, the interior. The GoVEB'fron, in his letter enclosing the notice, expresses. Borne surprise that unauthen ticated newspaper ' p&tagrapks; should hkve tempted diggers, away from where there were known payable gold-fields. Hli Excellency does net know gold diggers. When he be comes better acquainted with them, he will find .that they are a most locomotive class — always - a little discontented with their present luck, always dreaming of a great - prosperity some day somewhere. Danger, difficulty, and discomfort never deter them. Adventure has a positive -charm. for them. They have always an in vincible faith in their ultimate good fortune, and feel sure they will drop upon it some day. They are ready for the longest journeys on the shortest notice, and rumours of heavy find at the North Pole would set some of them off at once on a journey to the frozen land. If, on the one hand, it is impossible not to regret the imprudence eo many of them display, and the waste of time and labour they suffer under their successive illusions, it is equally impossible, on the other hand, not to admire their indomitable energy and their invincible enterprise. Prudent men perhaps would not have such perseverance, and rashness ' has sometimes had splendid rewards. Up to the time of going to , press with our country edition the sky was overcast, and heavy clouds continued to sail up from the south east, occasionally discharging their watery burden in showers, which fell sometimes upon the city itself, and sometimes to the eastward or westward of it.. On Friday the -sun shone out warmly, but the heavy clouds which travelled up, and at times massed themselves on the horizon' showed that the weather must be regarded bb anything but settled. ,. Eabx Rubbeix;— In the obituary of our English tele giatn, the name of . Lord RusbcU appears. If it should be the veteran statesman Sari Eussell, (his death must have occurred previous to the 26th February, as the announce ment is, we have little doubt, taken from the Some News. It ceemB singular that only the hue fact is mentioned, and that so further particulars of the occurrence arc given as is usual on the death of a man who has been so long con nected with the politics of England. Fbopobed Omnibus Company.— A meeting, called by circular, was held, on Thursday, at the School of Arts, Pitt filreet, for the purpose of considering the expediency of forming a company for the conduct of the omnibus traffic in the city and suburbs. The attendance was small. a The . meeting having been only intended to be of an initiatory character, but few persons had beem - requested to attend, and of these many /were kept away by the unsettled state of ihe.weather. Mr. T. C. Breillat having been called to the chair, the matter was very fully discussed in a conver sational kind of way. Mr. Charles J. Fache -submitted a * eries of calculations as to the probable expenditure, income, and resulting profit from the .operations ef the company, assuming that these, operations were limited, in the first instance, to' a single line-. of road.' The line from Wynyard-squarc to Enmore was taken aa .the :bas5s of this calculation, but it was assumed that if the experiment were successful other linss .would be taken tip. Various possible objections and diffi culties 'were stated and considered. The meeting were unanimous in thinking that .the flcheme was^one which promised well — that there was much need for such a com pany, and that it would probably yield large dividends to the shareholders. It was judged necessary, however, that the matter .should be .discussed at a Jarge preliminary meeting ere any, steps for the actual formation of a com pany .were takon. ? Mr. Fache was,.(herefore, requested to act as henorary secretary, sad to call such farther meeting. Stray Goats.— The means hitherto adopted of allowing persons to recover possession of goats found straying in the streets of Sydney end suburbs, and seized by the police, having been found inefficient in mwpressing the nuisance, the damage -caused by which being a constant ground of complaint by owners of property, in future all eoats found at large, and so seized, will be forthwith destroyed, in ac cordance with the provisions of the Act 18 Viet., No. 28. Seuiove Accident.— A gentleman, named Brown, a draper, was run over on Wednesday night, about 8 o'clock, near the Ice Hotel, Darlinghurst, by a dogcart driven by Mr. Botert Campbell, ef Stewart-street, Faddington. Brown was walking on the middle of the road when the accident occurred, and instead of moving out of the way he, being confused, jumped right before the horse, was knocked down, and the wheels of the vehicle went over his body. Mr. Campbell got the injured man into his buggy, took him to his home, and sent for a doctor. On examination it was found that no bones were fractured, but that he had sue iained such severe internal injuries that he, is pot expected to recover. p ?,.'.'. Temperance Meeting.— The usual weekly meeting of the Now South Wales Alliance for the Suppression of Intemperance was held. on. Thursday in, the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street. The chair was occupied by Mr. Selby, and addresses were delivered in advocacy pf total abstinence by several gentlemen. Owing probably to the threatening aspect of the weather, the attendance was not large. The Prince Alfred Yacht Cltib.— The: monthly meeting of -thU dub was held on Tuesday, at Messrs. M'Grath -and Punch's Hotel, .King-street. Several now members were admitted, and one yacht added to the squadron. It was resolved to have an evolution practice to day (Saturday), at suoh time and place as the Vicecommo dore Strickland may appoint. ? ?? ? -. ???? - ? ?? ; '? 6t;: FbaJtcis Evxsay ajjdDav Schools' Picsic.4 ' 'The annual festival of the children attending St. Francis* 'Say and Sunday schools was held on Thursday, at Athbl Gardens, Bradley 'e Head.. The steamers Herald and Testa, which had been chartered, for the occasion, conveyed about nine huBored children to the grounds, and made trips /every hojf-hour 'from Sydney. NotwitJistftnaing the ?threatening aspect of the weather in the morning, a very 'large number i)f visitors as well as the parents and friends of the children availed themselves of the opportunity of enjoymg'tt ^'i'recreatioii with the juveniles. , . -?cwe-'ahce .of 'Btikkikc Meat,' thbocph the -Stkeet6.— This nuisance is likely to be .stopped, if warn ing he taken by the fate of offenders. Under 14 Vic.,, No. . ..41, eeclion 110, the Corporation is empowered to make re gulations in reference to the conveyance* of stinking meat . and .bones through the streets pf the city, and about a fort night -ro they.passed a resolution fixing the time during which these commodities should be removed, at from 12 midnight to 5 o'clock in the corning. The iirst two offen ders were.brought.up on Thursday'lttfore the Bench, ilia their Worships fined them £5 each, and costs, with the alternative of one month in gaol; and also intimated that in any like cases being brought before them hereafter, they would inflict the full penalty of £10, '? ' Bvugiabt at Bbaidwood. — BnrglarieB (says the Dispatch) are now becoming as rife in this district as highway robberies were a few years ago, the only difference \- being that the thieves now pounce upon us in the night unawares, instead of in broad daylight Borne time on Saturday night or Sunday morning last the dwelling-house of Mrs. Perry, who carries on a butchery in Araluen, was entered, and a sum of £27 10s. or thereabouts extracted from a chest of drawers in her bedroom. The house was entered by the removal of two slabs from the wall, and Mrs. Perry had no knowledge of the entry of her house until she awoke on Sunday morning. The cash-box which contained the money was found, we are informed, on a dung-heap at the back of Mr. Kingsland'e betel. The Fltjko foxES.— We ^ingUttm Times) under stand that a large community of 'these plagues have just been. discovered near Singleton, abuut two miles beyond the Town Common. As at the Black Mountain, their number cannot be fairly, estimated, but as the haunt lately . exposed ia,much more convenient to the Singleton rides \- than the former is, it will no doubt be soon demolished. ' Small parties with. guns wen^out on two or three occasions .lately, and -surprised the foxes ;,but they are too formidable to be frightened away, and it eeems pretty dear that unless some means are speedily adopted to rid the district of so treat pests, we will find the settlers and market gardeners reduced to such straits by being so seriously despoiled that they will abandon fruit growing altogether. Emboldened by the scarcity of their ohuicest fruit, at this season of the year, and urged to something like desperation by the great increase in. the number of hungry creatures to be euppjied with food most adapted to their waute, the flying foxes are now commencing their depredations orosnd .Singleton before, daylight is gone, and boldly at tack wall fruit - around the windows of .dwelling- houses. WhtA tWt 'ilmsitatioTB mwp yet amount to it ttipy are allowed full scops to multiply, it is so irosly possiblo to foresee, The..Lat.i- Colonial Tbeasueer of Queensland.— Sir R. It. Mackenzie, late Colonial Treasurer of Queens land, arrived on Thursday by the stenmer Yarra Yarra from Brisbane. II*-. i 4 accompanied by Lady Mackenzie and family, and leaves here for Europe. Spouting.— A meeting of the members of TitUersairis was convened on Thursday, but no club business v»s done. Among the speculators on thebandwick meeting there wore aftw!ruHEEOlionf,TbeBarbstiilremainingUiechioffav.)Us-;te for the Cup, with Tim 'Whiflltr ranking second. lamp lighter occupies the first piece in the betting on (he Cham pagne Stakes, having- superseded Charon, about whom 5 lo 1 are the odds. The interest about My Dream will be to some extent fettled by the intelligence of her hriving cmbarM yesterday on board the You Ynnge ; and, notwithbUn'iinj* that the niey suffer by the voyage, and have little tiue viihin which to recover, the is still in highest esteem, allbough The Earl shales pretty much the same amount of favour from backers. The bettine has been about 3 to 1 apusnt each. Avalanche is getting more into request, and U backed at C to 1. Two lots of horses have ai rived from the Hunter during the week, including Dr Bowker's Car nation end Buona Vista, Mr. Gibbons's Hambleton Hill, Wr. A. Bovman's MRrilana, Mameluke, and Bulgimbir. Gaeworks comes up from Melbourne with My Dream, and tbiy may be expected here on Sunday. The other Vic torian bones entered are already here. Accident. — Thomas Miller, the driver and owner of the Uuilercliff and Kingtgrove 'but, met with a severe acoi dmt on Monday latt. while proceeding home. Having ' one of the horees tied to a tree, near Cook's River, he got off the coach to untie the animal for the purpose of taking him home, when the horse kicked out and hit him on the thighs, knocked him down, and left him helpless on the ground. Fortunately there were some gentlemen on the coach, who lifted him into it, and one of them drove home. The Whole Duty of Poblicaks.— The Manning Jitter Newt is of opinion Judge Meymott has quite a down upon publicans. The other day (says that journal) be gave it to a Tarn-worth innkeeper hot and heavy, because, in his Honor's opinion, . the publican's (core was larger than it should have been ; ana now we find him inflicting a £5 penally upon another licensed victualler, for getting up a bit of a row with one of his servants. In the course of a moral lecture which the Judge delivered to the last-named offender, he said ''Publicans, above all other men, should try to keep sober, and not permit any one else to get drunk.' . The Suicide of Mr. Lawbok.— Tha Melbourne Argus of Saturday last says, with regard to the abora iLClaneholy occurrence :— It would be noticed that in the account published yesterday of the voyage of the Great Britain from Liverpool to this port, mention was made of the suicide of Mr. Robert Lawson, one of the saloon pas sengers. It would also be remarked, probably, that no mention was made of any attempt to save the unfortunate gentleman. Our attention has been called to the circum BtaEoes by a number of the saloon passangers, who state thst the incident occurred on Saturday, 3rd instant, at a quarter to 6 p.m. Mr. Lawson was a magistrate of this colony , and well -known here. Circumstances had occurred wLich had agitated him considerably, and unsettled his mind. At the time mentioned, in a fit of temporary jnianily, he threw himself overboard from the quarter-deck. The ship was then going at the rate of nine or ten knots an hour, under canvas, and with a light fair wind.' Mr. Lawson roBe to the surface, a few yards from the stem of the ship, and a life-buoy was thrown to him. He did not appear to see it ; but the immersion seemed to have restored him to a sense of his danger, and, being a good swimmer, he at once turned on his back, apparently to float till help Bbould reach him. No attempt, 'however, was.madetosavebim. It is stated that the third officer ordered a boat to be cleared and lowered, but that the first - officer, Mr. Chapman, (in command in consequence of the illness of Captain Gray) countermanded the order, and declined to take any measures to save a man who 'had thrown himself overboard.' Eticeikg-cf kear Cobbedak.— A correspondent of the Maitland Mercury reports : — Our quiet township was thrown into a state of excitement this morning, by a report reaching us that a party of men (with travelling cheep) were baued -up and rotted, by an armed man, mounted on a grey mare that has since been found out to be one of Mr. Gill's (the mail contractor) that he stole from the Namoi mail station some few Says before. About three miles from here, and a few. miles from Earraba, the bushranger came up to a Mr. Turner and another man that was in charge of the sheep, and ordered them to ' bail- up,' and handout their money, saying 'I must have it.' Mr. Turner said, ' I have only got seven pounds to take me and my mena long distance with the sheep, and I hope you will not take it it all,' at the same time handing him the puree. 'Well,' said the bushranger, 'give me one pound and keep the rest, as I see you are not a bad sort of achap ; but I must have your saddle' — taking it and put ting it on his mare, giving Mr. Turner his old one, and saying, ' If 1 can get one from any of these other men 1 «ill give you your laddie back,' at the same time turning to the other man (a Mr. Scott) . that was bailed up with the former, and saying, 'I know you ; I camped at your camp some time back, and you gave me a feed, and for your kindness I will not take anything from you, so you can go on ; but I must have that can of gunpowder that is in your dray.'. Mr. Scott denied that he had got any ; 'but you have,' said the bushranger, 'I saw it is a box on the drey when I camped with you, I suppose you did not know I was a bushranger then, or you would not have given me a feed;' at same time turning his horse round and galloping back to the dray, and taking the flask of powder. He tiiea rode round one fleck of the sheep, and seeing young . Master Capel and a good horse and a new saddle, ' called on him to bai^up, which was complied with. He thin took Master Caper* horse and saddle, and told him hewuld have his in exchange, at the same time calliig tii Mr. Turner, whom he had taken -the saddle from just before, and saying — ' Here, take your saddle now ; I have got another, horse and all.' He then got on the horse and rode off' in the direction of the Ironbark Baef Diggings, Master. Capel then galloped home, and being joined by two of his brothers, they armed themselves and went in pursuit, but I am sorry to say up to the present no clue to his whereabouts has been known. TJilitahy Decoration for New Zealand.— Major Cooper has received from the Defence Minister (says the Btraldj an Order in Council, instituting a decorative distinction, to be conferred on members of- the colo nial forces, for bravery in action and devetion to duty while on service. The following are the para graphs relating to the subject : — Firstly — Tho decoration shall consist of a silver cross, with the name of the colony and the name of the recipient en graved thereon. Secondly— It shall be suspended from theleft breast by a crimson ribbon. Thirdly — Any person upon whom the distinction has been conferred, who shall alterwards perform any act of bravery, which would, had be not been already decorated, have 'entitled him to the Ju'Eour, may receive f er every snch act, a silver bar, to be attached to the ribbon by which the cross is suspended. Fourthly— The distinction shall only be conferred upon those officers or men who, when Berving in the presence of the enemy., shall have performed some signal act of valour or devotion to their duty ; or who Bb.au have performed any very ' intrepid action in the public service ; and neither rank, nor long service, nor wounds, nor any other ' circumstance or condition whatever, save merit of conspicuous bravery, shall be held to establish a sufficient claim to the honour. Fifthly— The ditiinction shall be awarded by the Governor. It shall not be claimed by any individual on his own account, but the claim must be made in favour of the person considered to be entitled to it by the commanding officer of the force or district; 'to whic^i such persons belong ; and the Governor shall call for such description and attestation of the act as he may UunkreqniiMe. Sixthly— Every person upon whom this .distuiction is conferred sh-ll be publicly . decorated before the force or body to which he belongs, or with which the act of, bravery with which he is to be rewarded shall have been performed ; and a rell shall be kept in which shall be inscribed' tho names of the recipients, with a brief, description of the special act for which the distinction has in each case been awarded ; and every inscription, on the roll shall 'be published in the Boveminent Gazette. Seventhly — If any person on whom such distinction shall - nave been conferred bo convicted of treason, felony, cow ardice, or of -any infamous or disgraceful offence, his name .snail forthwith be erased from the roll. Eighthly— Con-- stables and privates decorated with this distinction will take command of other opnstablee or privates on duty, when no officer or noa- commisstaned officer is present. to. Hekry.Haij.okak as a Poet.— 'Zadkiel' writes in the Brisbane Courier :— ' I have never had the pleasure of -reading Mr. Halloran's poems in a collected form, not do I even know whether they have beenpub lithed ; bntxrom the different fugitive pieces of his which I have met with in the colonial newspaper Press, he is a ppetof.no mean order; more classical, I should say, than artistic, breathing a deep epirit of refinement, which is the more remarkable as he wrote at a time when the gross-ist sensuality was the order of the day. Like most men who ere not compelled to depend upon their pen for subsistence, there is nothing paradoxical is his effusions ; there is an easy, quiet flow of gentlemanly, good humoured musical rhyme, mere of the Corinthian than the Doric about it, more of the itrbi in rure than rut in urbe, and, above all thingB, poBEBBfcing the rare merit of moden poetry— that iB, of being understood. When I first saw Mr. Hallorau, he was in a carriage ; when I last saw him he was in a car riage; and I sincerely trust that he will ascend Parnassus in the same vehicle, and get crowned,'too, as one of the first who stepped boldly forward as a purifier of the public taste.' ' A Disappointment.— The Braidwood Dispatch avers that an individual of many summers who lives in a secluded - retreat of the northern corner of Braidwood, and who has long had the reputation of looking upon everything as game that comes upon his preserves, had a shy with his gun on Monday morning last at some tame pigeons in the street, and knocked down five of them. Another individual who had a knowledge of his friend's sporting 'propensities, hap pened that morning to be having a '' look round ' in that fatal neighbourhood for poultry, and, seeing the pigeons flying down to pick up something on the road, he suspeoted that some of their number were doomed for the pot, and posted himself unseen in a favourable spot for being first in at the death. Immediately -he saw the gun pointed through the fence' and heard tho shot, he ran out and picked up the blrdBj-und walking off with them to the chagrin of the town cpoHsman, told him he would take them to the police, who would have htm Up for illegally shooting in the town. It is needless to add that'tho police saw nothing of the birds. The zealons guardian of the town rights, truckling Over the diBcmrifited fowler, -was troubled with, no ioRal o&BsjniactTOni; about cooking' ixA eating tb.em.'what rvcr opinions he may have entertained as to the legality of the ghosting of them. Death FBOM Choking.— The Araluen c-jnespondiiiil of the liraiivioofl Dinpateh repm is :— A most melancholy CRxe of sudden death occurred hare im Saturday night la«t. It Bppears that the deceased, Mr Jimies Tlivrke, ciaw down from Broidwood on S.'iturtuy uflornonn l.y tha coach, vbl-li in consequence of the delay in the ur-ivnl cf ibe Sydney niail in Braidwood, was vi.iy late in tirrivinjr iu the Valley, it bting about 8 o'clock vrlum it n.noh!*i Sfuwloffn. Hiwke got out at Allan's, the Odflfrllnv/ Ams-, luvinp brought down tome butter for him from' Ehicl-'s ; h« towa met a friend nt the bar, aud, afttr hm-jug a plm-a v itU iiiu'i, sail to Mr, Altan, the landlord, thai he would life lo hares-.rai'- thing: to eat. The deceased, u-liowas in'rond nhirits, iu teuded afler having bad bis supnor in (.'jto Ilertbanlc. A fctcek was cooked for him. which Lp wt down pj, Mrheri'ha . suddenly appeared to be cbcfcinjf. lie mait figas to those preunt to try torelieve him. Everything was done by them that could' be thought of at the niuincut. Mr. Fisher _ jumped on a horse aud proceedc! for Dr. Redhead, whom ht }uut-$ »thome, and -who dedin'-i to attesd. stjtisg hia Inability to do fo from over faiicuo. Mr. Allan, iu the meantime, went for Dr. Alley; who also declined attending, piviLg his rearoii that Dr. lt?jbead \ra» in the Valley. Ot Mr. Allan's ) cure to tbc houee he found the sufferer had expired. Scarcely half-on-hour elapsed from the time the unfortunate man pot out of tbe coach iu perfect health thuii he was a lifeless corpse. An inquest was held at 10 o'clock »n Monduy morning at Mr. Allun's: where the bo3y vat lying-, before the acting coroner, Mr. J. -W. Bnna. Dr. Llewellyn made a poH mortem examination of the body of the decca*ed. and cxiraclc-d from llis thro it a piece of u.eat about three inches in length and weighing ab^ut two ounces. There is but little doubt, from the doctor's evidence, that had meditul assistance beau- rendered quickly, the picco of meat could have been- easily ex. traded, and his life might have been saVed. The funeral was to have taken place at 6 o'clock this aflcmoon, but it has been postponed until 9 o'clock to-morror morning, tbe undertaker not being able to prc-Daro the coffin, ice. A large concourse of people waE gnthered together, and the funeral cortege would have been a large one, as the deceased was well known in Araliien. He had been a resident of some ten or twelve months' standing, and had been a eharcjholder in some very payable claims, and at one time was well off, but had like many others suffered the reverses eo common to those employed in gold-mining. He for some time worked in the ' Great Extended,' and other claims in tbe Valley, but bad lately been following- his trade as a baker, and had been employed by Mr. bruce, of i3raidn°ood. He left three children, whom he was supporting, unprovided for, his wife baling left him some time ago. The deceased was between thirty and forty years of age. Tahbabooba. — Our readers are aware (says the Bathurst Free Press) that there has latterly been considerable activity manifested amongst the diggers at Tambaroora, and that some of the diggers on the old spot have been successful in bringing to grass large quantities of payable gold-bearing quarte. We have received a communication, dated 8th April, stating that 'the breaking up of the drought has enabled the Victoria Quartz Crushing Com pany to resume working, after a protracted stillness of two months. The result ot the first week's crusliing amounts to not less than 822 oz. of gold out of five small lots of quarts! — in all, 39 tons.' The Submarine Telegraph to Tasmania. —We find the following in the Bobart Town Mercury on the sub ject of tho Bass's Straits electric telegraph cable, which is daily expected from England bv the steamer Investigator;: —??'The cable is about 200 knots in length, and the con ductor is composed of seven copper wires twisted into one strand, eo that in case one of the wires were to break the continuity would not be destroyed. The whole is imbedded in a coat of Chatterton's composition, and covered with gu'ta percha. Again there ie another layer of Chatterton',8 patent, and again gutta percha, and the process is repeated four limes. Tbe partly completed cable is then swathed in stout Manila hemp or jute, and an external sheeting ef extremely strong galvanized wire finishes the manipulation of the manufacture. Mr D. Fisher, whs arrived in Victoria by the la»t mail, will superintend the laying of the cable. During the last few days he has been actively engaged in examining thtcoaBt of Victoria for toe purpose of laying the chore end; and, in all probability, Flu-dere, which is only f even miles from Cape Schank, and has the advantage ef being very well sheltered, will be the spot selected as a starting point. If the weither is fair, the cable, which is about 600 tons, will be laid in about thirty-six hours, and it is intended that the arrangements eball be very complete, Mr. Fisher intends to ask the Victorian Government to grant the use of the steamer Pharos to act be conport. One great advantage that the new cable has over the old one is that it possesses about sis miles at the shore ends extremely stroDg, for the pui pose of resisting any rock action that miy be near the laird. The total value of the cable will be when' laid £SO,000.' ? The Kecekt Flood ik the Pateeson.— A co'rre BpoBdent of the Maitland Mercury writes :— Since my communication of Monday last, which I forwarded for Tuesday's publication, news has come to hand from the upper parU of the district, and from the information, ob tained we find the recent flood has done but very little damage in that direction. Bothtlie Peterson andAllyn wexe very higb, but the water did not etay on any sub merged land out two or three'hourB, and hence effected but very little damage. The river ot Yacy was very high, caused by the Fatereon Eiver coming down high, and then being backed up by the waters of the Allyn River at its junction with the Paterson, just below Vacy. Some'of 'the Tillimby Estate was submerged, and the' waters of the river overflowed the paddock belonging to Mr. Corner, below that gentleman s store ; and the Gresford road, at Brown's Creek, was some -fifteen feet under water. At Tocal the water was exceedingly high, Tocal House being almost snrrounded with water ; the water was within nine inches of being as high as it was in the great flood of last year on -this estate ; and the farmers up Webber's Creek have suffered considerably more loss than any others on these rivers. The river here was down to its usual level again on Tuesday morning, and some ef the upper ™»i-ing-placeB above Gresford were t ordable early on Tuesday. ? The Salmon in the Deewent.— Br. Officer, of Tas mania, on the 4th instant, wrote to Mr. Morton Allport the following anent the existence of salmon in the Derwent river:— 'On Friday, the 2nd instant, at a quarter- past 6 p.m., Mrs. Officer and myself, standing on the north bask of tleDerwent, at a spot overlooking the now celebrated reach of the river, which has long been a favourite resort of the salmon on their return from the sea, and at a distance of about twenty-five yards, saw a salmon rise to the sur face with a great splash, raising wavelets that extended to both banks. Aftercomingtothesurfacethefishswiftiyswam toweide the bank on which we stood, until it reached the overhanging brushwood, under which it disappeared. In one part of its course it raised its head and shoulders for a few moments above the water, indicating a fish of very latge dimensions. Several mullet that leaped out of the water before it in ttrrror looked like mere fry when com pared with their huge pursuer. A- few minutes after this sVh had disappeared, a second rese at a somewhat greater -distance, creating a similar commotion in tbe water. At this second exhibition, Mr. V/l Brcmby, . of Shooter' s-hill, was present After, another brief interval, a third fish rose near the same spot, dis turbing the water in an equally conspicuous .manner; Satisfied with what we had seen, and night approaching, we returned to New Norfolk. The fish could not have chosen a.tnore secure retreat than this portion ot tneJDer went »flbn)s. The stillness end depth of the water forbid the successful use of the rod and line, and tbe character of the bed of , the river, covered with buge rocks, and full of deep figures, sets the net at defiance. But the numerous and authentic observations of the present season prove that , the fish have increased in a most satisfactory manner, both -on B:ze and in numbers; and it is to be hoped that at nf distant date some of them may be drawn from their watery home.' . ,...'. I TA6MANIA. — We gather the following items from the Melbourne Argus of Frida-v last : — From Hobart Town advices come down to the _6th instant As was expected. they contain nothing new with regard to the salmon. It if stated that Mr. Hardinge, secretary of the Post-office, hat retired from his position os a pension of over £300 per annum. Mr. A. C. DimgUe, chief clerk, has bseh pro moted to the office of secretary to the PoBt-orfica and comp troller of the Poet-office money order department, and enters upon .his duties at once. . A complete re-orga- . cisation of the office will - be immediately carried out Tbe papers notice with pleasure that the cultivation of hope is being rapidly extended around Hobart Town ', and amongst the curiosities of the season they notice that ripe strawberries of the British Qucem variety have been shown within the last day or two, and that a parsnip weighing eleven -pounds has been, crown in a garden at Hobart Town. ' Mr. S. BlackwoU's favourite horse, Don nybrook, broke- one of its fore legs below the fetlock, while running at Green Ponds Races, and would have to be destroyed. At LaunceBton, a young man named Jordan has Leen before the police magistrate, and remanded, on a charge of having criminally assaulted a young nursegirl in the public gardens ; and at St. Leonards, a girl of five years of age hod escaped from death in aa almost mar vellous manner, having fallen into a covered well in some unknown way, and been rescued by an ostler who acciden tally had occasion to lift the lid and saw the child standing, wounded and bleeding, in eighteen inches of water at the bottom. AtKingarooma gold-field there are now about one hundred diggers, one-fifth of whom are said to be averaging an ounueof gold per man per day. The death of Mr. Abbot, usher of the tilack rod of the Legislative Council, is reported. He was in his sixty- ninth year. SiNGi'LAB, if Tbtje. — Says the Btnalla Ensign— 'A tale of a laughable, though what might have proved a very serious accident, reached us from Violet Town. One even ing last week the local blacksmith was enjoying a game at billiards, tmd was about to make n difficult stroke, for the purpose of executing which he though! it best to place part of lii's body upon the side of the table. He bad some coins in his trousers-pocket, and alse (what he was not aware of) . a quantity of powder, which had made its way through a flaw in a powder-flask that he had been previously carry ing. To 'place himself in a position to mako tho intended stroke occupied him some little time, and the friction con sequent thereupon caused the powder to explode, and tbe contents of hie pocket, together with the pocket itself, were scattered in all directions. Fortunately, aud for a wonder, the only damage he sustained, beyond the fright, was a slight burning.' The potato crop would ceom to be light this year, in tho VeBtern district Tho TJ'urrnambool Advertiser states that on Tuesday, ' f 4 17b. 6d. per ton was freely paid in Warr nambool for potatoes. It is now many a - day sinco that figure could bo got. About thiB time last year the best potatoes were selling per ton at tho odd 17e. Cd. without Uie £i.' r,A,, tAVr'C,**~ !°x Destitution.— Th& Jtochhamptw Jlt'll, tin of the 3rd lEstr.nt relates tbc subjoined uiekncholT Ice-id, elf :— 'j;he worst cnfce of ricetilution and niisen- that it ha* ever fnllm to our lot to chreaicle in this colony was lji-oiipkt undo- tnir notice yesterday. A fmmly well knom, ? to ninny in EccMimnyion-Jobn M-CiUvJey, bootbuiuw UEri -i.i])cn1tr, nbyutflvc months ago, went to Hasewooi viililisvifi- buu i-ix children. Here he was doini? badlv *Euii^li Uln-e ho loft, aid thi- change to Jtgseirood did n.ir iujt.ii.-vc L:j cil ruujstsnc.!E. . Tho little money he v.is uble in (.i.i-u, iBhtuod of fi eiiing iinii ciufliing' hii f.imily i,a fp-W in critic, which to-fn induced him to Hcksjui'anJ fiopliMiun. An .-.ttai-k of fev. r tnd ague followed ono of ;hif dijnkjL£ Ivutt, »fi-0i:(ivat«d. hy- the jW.C)»]iti,,a to wbitli he vns reduced by exposure and iusutDcient fa-jj Thii. war fallowed by ilmnh'i:'n, nnd- lie lingered on until about i biw weeks ngn, \vLai dealb released him from his FUlfcrirgK. Hie family ?ncrc elm etizod with illness, pro. ducird by poverty and starvation, fttrs. M'Ciuley, wiiiauuj deliiacy, concesJtJ the denp^rutt citcjiiislaDCEii to.vtiich!he and lir children 'wre rtcuccd, uulil concealment lieeauie no lui ^cr ]:os&jlla;, Some relict was givtn, nnd we liave uj d ubi the n.iEcrs and pcuplu in bufincss in Roswvood wjull no l:i oisirigly lift- e tllowed a whole- family to pin? away forv::ptr.i tiif bjiro; netfS-tsayies of Cfu! Itodolph D^vis cfi-rar, fiiidirg'thc pad r!'Su' 1tt:y were in, kindly bro-j.'ht thi'in till down' to Ho'cBlinnipton; They were in a pitiable B'r.tc. The Benevolent Bociely plcr.ed the children at the old dqiot, where ibry have been sinoe attended to. The motfci.T was sent tn lie htapftnl. The vnangest ohild «m put cut lo keep, but died last Sunday, flic mother lay for a time completely prostrated, On Sunday and Monday the appeared to rally/ but on hearinpof her .child's death she grew rapidly woree, and died on Thursday morning. There oicfivo children left; all down, nnd the* murks of ut&rca.; tion deeply Bet on them. One of t he boys is in ;bo hospital 1 wirh n bod foot. A letter was received from a iriend in Geelonc, inquiring after them. We nre informed that the grandfather and grnndmorfcer of these poor children aaTe left Victoria fur Ireland. Thf y have no relatives in Rock bamptcn. ? The Kev. Mr. Hartley is to write to Victoria to inquire about the friends of the children, with a view to obtain some assistance for them. Mrs. Temple has Uken charge of one of the children, and Mr. W. Pattison has lakeu another until some itiformatiou can be obtained. Tbe Benevolent Society will bo compelled to find food and lodging for the otha children. A Caution to Fools with Money. — The Argw of 6tb intent relates tbb following :— One of those cases which turn up occasionally, for tbe express purpose, apparently, of showing how great a fool a man can make oi ijiDJKrli, came before the City Court on Saturday. One John Vileon, alias Yorkey, described ; by the police as » 'magfiuan,' was charged with, having defrauded one ChiuJes Earr of £1S9 by means of an unlawful game. Prosecutor's own statement was that just an he landed in Melbourne from the New Zealand gold- fields he met a mm in th« street who got him into a conversation ubaut mining, and while that was going on a second person joined them. The two showed him a new C&lifornian; game, played with eight pieces of puper, in which he did not then join, but which they made so attractive to him that hs appointed to meet them and play it nest day. He did meet them, with £25 is hie pocket, and left thtm without a penny. They promised, however, to meet him next day, and give him an opportunity of winiing bnck his money. On this occasion he had drawn about £75 from the bank, and he lest it all, save a few pounds, to the same person who won from him on the day before. PriwiBer had dropped in ' by accident ' during the first day's play, and took sides with prosecutor, apparently lofciig as much money, and paying with notes (' flash ') as he lost. After winning about £200 in three days' play from £arr, the generous victor presented each, of his un fortui ate opponents with £10, and left the room to order wine, but ' failed to return. Prisoner condoled very heartily with Barr, but shook him off . as soon as potsible, and then disappeared from the colony with his confederates. ' This ' new Califomim gi.me' ib so transparent a swindle that it is surprising that any man. of ordinary intelligence should fail to discover it. Eight pieces of paper are spread upon, a talle, and divided between the plavers. The active member of the confederacy eitB on one side alone, and makes the gzmeseem more or less favourable as occasion requires. At one end of the room, or at eucli a distance from the tablets to make it impossible forbimto see distinctly, a second confederate stand*, with his back balf turned ; from tbe players, but in full view of the third confederate, who sits, by the side of the victim neatest the mta in tins distini^. Then the process commences.' ' Sharper No. 1 takes the - pieces nf paper, and divides them. ' You see, Sir,' he says to the idiot who plays against him, ' 1 give you nsariy two chances to my one. I take five pieces of papn-and give you only three. Now, I am going to toss up tub shilling, and that gentleman over there is going to call to me'; every time he guesses right you take j one of my pieces of paper ; every time he guesses wrong, I 1 take one of yours. Now, Til bet you £5 that I get rid of mine belbre 'you— it's all' right, yon -flee; he can't see all that distance off.' Down goes the coin-, 'head' is thray, and the guess is right-swindler No. 3 having put his hand to his head just before the answer: And so on— a slight scratch of the head, er a fall of the hand upon the knee, gives the call, and the sharpers vrin. An Amusing Stoey about Small-Fox. — The Mel bourne Argus of 6th instant relates the subjoined amusing nairative :— Few things are so serious that.they have not a ccmic side to them, and even the small-pox alarm is capable of becoming a subject of amusement, as the following anecdote will prove. A certain resident of fiiverina had res son to believe -himself peculiarly susceptible to the attacks of variola- He had been -vaccinated in his infancy in the usual way, but was seized by variola nevertheless, while btill a boy, and had a narrow escape for his life. Subsequently he . was inoculated with the disease, and again buffeted much. He was also vaccinated repeatedly in his early days, but in spite of these precautions, he had a second attack. of small-pox while still a young man, and for the second time he had a narrow escape. Under thete circumstances, it is not ? surprising that the newa ef small-pox having appeared is Melbourne excited extra ordinery interest in his mind. He read all that was pub lished about the Avon Vale case, and gave the closest attention lo the variola v. varicella discussion which appeared in our columns. But his mind was soon made up on one point— he would never visit Melbourne again until the disease which he so feared had been stamped out. It eo happened, however, that the fear of small-pox was not the only sentiment by which his conduct is influenced. He ii also an enthusiastic lover of the turf, and when the Eubx meeting hove in sight his mind was racked by contending emotions. He feared to subject himself to the risk of con tracting the much-dreaded complaint, but he could not absent himself from the Flemington racecourse when there were important issues to be decided. As the race-day came nearer, his sporting instincts triumphed over his fears, and he at last yielded to his desires, and set off for the metropolis; stopping at Echuca, however, to have himself well vacci nated for the hist time. Arrived on the convincing ground, he v as accosted by a person of whom he had no knowledge, but who soon turned out to be an officer, of a Kiverint steamboat, in which* ht, tbe hero of the story, had often voyaged. - After some pleasant converse, the Biverina man remarked to his friend that.be (the friend) was strangely altered, that he was as thin es a rake, and that his face wm red and his hands spotted. ' 'Yes,' said tho other, 'the wonder is that I am' here at all. If I bad obeyed the doctor I should have been still' in /bed. The truth is, I am just recovering from a severe attack of small- pox.' But before the word was completed the sick man's interlocutor had bohed. Making a bee-line for the Spencer-street station', he set off for bis pastoral home, and did not witness one tf the contests fdr the Bake of which he . bad put his life in peril. ' It is to be hoped that he reached tis home in safety, and that in battling with' the' many dis asters tb.it sheep-are heirs to he will forget his. unfor tunate susceptibility to 'raribla. ' ' Miscellanea,— We (-Toss Courier) understand that the Eev. Wr.Agnew, of. the 'free Church of England/' will not again be permitted to preach in, the English Church at Tumnt. The Bishop of Goulburn, as trustee of the build ing, has taken stepB to .prevent the church being used for other thaa Sunday school purposes, with tbe appointment of a resident or properly authorieBd clergyman.— Mr. Miles Murphy, an enterprising resident of the Yass district died a few days ago, at Jiurrumburrah— Ms wif ? preceded him to the' grave by two months only, neither beiag the middle age of life.— Several oases of diphtheria have lately broken out is the Neighbourhood of Howltmg ' and Mooiwatha, and two deaths have already ' occurred, namely a boy named Howard and a young woman of thenameof Spiers.— As an instance of the mildness, of,. the season, we may mention that fuchsias and the rarer class of Tosas are blos soming in the gardens . at YaBB, even with muoh mote bEaufythan at midsummer, the rains and clouded sky having contributed to the perfection.— At the evening drill of the Goulbum Volunteer corps on Monday, Captain Finlay in- timatcd to the oorps that Mr. John WiUkm Chisholm hud in tbe most liberal manner expressed his intention of pre senting the corps with the sum of £40, to meet the expanse of providing instruments for the band, ae soon as the members shall be sufficiently advanced to play a marcb. The announcement vras received with vociferous cheetsi and with three cheers for Mr. ChiBhohn.— The 2nd of March was the hottest day on record on tie fiogan, U9 thermometer being 121& degrees in the shade (veranani^ with northerly aspect). — A racehoree named leotard, saw to be a son of the far-famed Voltigeur, and a racing mare, Debenture, arrived at Melbourne from Calcutta, by u» Norwegian barque Dagmar. The quadrupeds are in fine condition, and are intended for stock. purpoBes. A new merit has been discovered in the CasUoin&uis; flagging-stone (Bays the Argue) which will iiing ltimo general use for a novel purpose. It appeals that wnen quite new, while it has still what is called the 'quarry eap ' in it, the stone is capable of being bent to some extent, and thiB rendersit valuable as a rest for the ends of beam! and girdf n that have heavy loads to sustain, inasmuch as it diminishes thai danger of unequal- presBure arising through the shrinking . and Buksidence of the material* or the walls or piers on which they depend for their supp*'- Slabs oftho UagBtone will be placed on the tops of tto pillars that have to carry tho heavy iron girders spaBBing the large apartment of the new. town-hall, and they .ara now being got ready for their places, It is only a few aw« since we reported that the Caatlemaine flag-stone was nrsi poliBhed and formed into ornamental, tabletops We (Maryborough Chronicle) have been shown a very handsome breastplate of brass, with a chain andpenaani star attached, which has been preppjed by Mr. W. H0™™' the bailiff of the District Court-but an engraver by tradj., for. presentation by his father, Mr. George Howara, w MaroTnaniB, alias Tommy Good Friday, the «J-oBgu»- Vho, with others, was instrumental in rescuing tho joaog man ' Bred ' from starvation near Tinoan B»y 