fp^jeHiWexms <&xtr;<wt& THE CAPUCHIN'S SERMON AT THE CATHE DRAL OP ST. STEPHEN, AT VIENNA.-A Capuchin, preaching a .Lear, lecture at the great cathedral of St. Stephen^ at Vienna, is said to have startled his audience by a fearful narration, somewhat to the fo!lowing efi'eet:-"There was once a huse and wealthy monastery in this duchy. Its vineyards produced rich and well-flavoured wine. Its barns were filled with ail mauuer of store. Fat beeves chewed the cud in its meadows. Carp by thou sands were leaping its fish-pouds. The neighbour ing trout stream was the pride of the monks and ' the envy of every other religious house in Germany, i Well! the reverend fathers ate, drank, and were ! merry. - They never kept a Lenten fast. They , were utterly unconscious of the pangs of hunger ? or the humiliations of penury, so they never fed the famishing or clothed the naked. They had : more wins than they required for the Mass, and not euough to turn their mills with, so they . caroused from night till morning, and from morn- i ing tili night. One solemn day, a day of penitence and prayer according to the rules of then- Order, : they were indulging in wild uproar and revelry, j The refectory echoed with snatches of licentious j song anl laughter following some double-edged ' gibe. Suddenly a loud knock was heard at the ; outer door, knock, knock, knock! The janitor j went to open it, and was startled by the apparition ; of a thin, tall man-his skull-bones scarcely | covered with the parchment-skin stretched over ; them. He was attired in the frock of the Order, j but the shape was antiquated, the material scarcely ; | to be recogniscd; it was, moreover, threadbare and ! moth-eaten. He asked, in hollow and sepulchral i tones, for admittance. The janitor was alarmed, ! and shutting the gate on tne stranger, went to I seek instructions from the superior. ' There stands \ I at ths gale an odd queer man, who asks for admit- i | tavice. Ue wears the frock of our Order, but' | "No ijuts' said the Abbot; 'let him in. We must ; show ii-'syitaiiry to the brethren; piace him a chair | by my siue, fi!l him a goblet ot wine, and fetch j forthwith knife, platter, and pasty.' The strange monk was introduced; he bowed; iie took his seat, I but hi-> head was covcied with his cow', and he ate not a morsel, he drank net a drop. In a few miuutes more knocks were heard at the gate; knock, knock, knock! Again the janitor ap proached, trembling, and faltered forth, ' Oh, Sir, there are hundreds and hundreds of these thin monks before the gate, demanding admittance!1 * bet them ail in! V.'e've wine enough to last till the MillenniumSo in they came, crowding the refectory. The hall was crammed; the vestibule, the steps of the pulpit., where the reader edified the brethren while they dined; the pulpit itself, and many stood on the bookboard half poised in the air. Then there arose a di.-tant sound as of crackling, crackling; a deadly odour as of flssh burning, mingied wi h sulphurous steam. The living monks were filled with consternation. Their knees smote together, and their tongues clave to the roofs of their mouths, for they felt that they were in the presence of the dead. Then up rose the first ghost that had appeared, and said, . Brethren, I was once the Abbot of this ancient and venerable house. I ate, I drank, I caroused, I never worshipped. lu my heart I never feared Cxod nor regarded man; and now I am tormented in the flames. These were my companions; they led a similar life of gluttony and lust, and they are in like manner tormented. But we must glorify the Lord even in the fire! So sing, brethren, Gloria Patri, et Filio, et Spiribui Sancto. The spectres hissed out an awful Gregorian tone, con cluding with Amen. A loud clap of thunder accompanied the strain, and when it was finished the strange guests had disappeared-the refectory contained only the living monks. They repented; they did work meet for repentance. They sold their cellar oE wine, and rebuilt their church with great magnificence. Tbey founded an hospital. They fed the poor. They nursed the plaguc stricken in the year of the great pestilence. They died in the o our of sauctity, and let us hope that they will find mercy in that day."-Cariosities of the Pulpit and Pulpit Literature. By Thomas Jackson. M.A. KUSSIAN IMPERIAL TEA,-There is, how ever, one variety to be obtained in Kussia which I have fouuii nowhere else, not even in the Chinese seaports. It is called "imperial tea," and comes In elesrarjfc boxes of yellow silk, emblazoneu with the dragon of the Hang dynasty, at the rate of from tix to twenty dollars a pound. It is yellow, and the decociiuu frjin it is almost colourless. A sma'I piucli of it, added to ordinary biack tea, gives au indescribably delicious flavour-the very aroma of the tea-blossom; Litis one cup of it, un mixed, i3 sail to deprive the tiiiiiker of sleep for three nights.-Bycucays of Europe. By Bayard Taylor. THEATRICAL A SYLUM FOE BABIES.-The Pall Mali Gazette Eays-"It lately occurred £o tl>c management of the Koyal Alfred Theatre that the severity of the rule 'Nochildren in arms admitted' might be mitigated for matrons of dramatic taste, by providing a special cloak-room, where they could leave their infants, just as other ladies leave their shawls and bonnets. A creche was accordingly instituted in the Theatre, with an experienced nurse to welcome the little strangers and attend to their wants. A small charge was made for each of them, the mother receiving a ticket, on presenta tion of which the child was returned to her. The experiment, however, has been attended with un foreseen results, which have compelled its abandon ment. We leam, from a notice which has just been posted at the Theatre, that while mothers have been glad to avail themselves of the new cloak-room, they have forgotten to come back for their babies. The result is an accumulation of infants, which the manager now threatens to send to the workhouse, 'if not claimed within three days, and all expenses paid.' 'No more children.1 it is aided, 'can be taken care of, as previously announced.'" GEORGE IY. AND THE DUKE OP WEL LINGTON. - Here is the conversation between George IV. and the Duke of Wellington, when Canning was forced into the Foreign Office: " Two or three phaseB of the conversation that took place on this occasion have been repeated to me by one likely to liave heard them from both parties concerned. "Arthur, you don't mean to propose that fellow to me aB Secretary for Foreign Allaire; it is impossible. I said, on my honour as a gentleman, lie should never be one of my ? Ministers again. You hear, Arthur, on my honour a* a gen leman. I am sure you will agree with me, I can't do whatlsaid on my honour asagentleman [ would not do.' * Pardon me, Sir, I don't agree with you at all; your Majesty is not a gentlemen.' Hie Sing started. 'Your Majesty, I say,' con tinued the imperturbable soldier, 'is not a gentle man but the Sovereign of JSngland, with duties to Four people far above any to yourself; and these iutics render it imperative that you should at this time employ the abilities of Mr. Canning.' ' Weil,' Ira wing a long breath, 'if I must, 1 must,' was inally the King's reply. A few weeks later the King was asked now he liked his Foreign Secretary, uid answered-'Like himl tbe word is too weak [lore him.'" 