MISCELLANEOUS. The following strange story appears in the Ballarat Star :? — It will be remembered that some time ago as hotel at Cambrian Hill was burnt to tbe ground, and that a body was found burnt to a cinder amongst the embers, said to be that of the landlord, who had gone into the flames to save some property. The landlord, John Brown, was the last of a group who had in the early days of the gold flelds gambled together. One associate was the notorious Searle, of the Piggoreet murder, and of two others — one drowned himself aud the other poisoned himself. The jury found a verdict of *' burnt to death ' in the case of the landlord, stating thejr belief that the body was bis, and '* accidentally set fire to ' in that of the .hotel. A rumor, which appears to have some foundation, . is afloat, which hints at a frightful tragedy having been glossed over accidentally by the jury, as it is now said that the charred skeleton was not that of the landlord of the hotel, but that of an unfortunate man whom he had murdered for the .purpose of obtaining possession of a sum of £350, which the man had upon him. It is asserted that while, to all appearance, it was thought that the landlord of the hotel was the man burnt, the skeleton was that of his victim, and he having gnt clear away, left the country for New Zealand shortly after the occurrence, land thence to Europe or America. It will also be remembered that the fire look place at night, and was supposed to have originated from a large fire that the landlord had allowed to remain lighted on going to bed, and that Ellen Clarke, the bar maid, who gave evidence, saw him rash into the flames. It is said that some man who was a boarder at the hotel, has at least ex pressed his intention of making an affidavit, or swearing an information, according to the rumor we have stated. Tebrible Railway Disaster. — Again comes the startling record of another appall ing calamity, once more rousing the com munity to a sense of danger, yet once more spreading grief and desolation in many a home. It was probably the most fearful catastrophe that has ever occurred on the Long Island Railroad, certainly the most har rowing in its details, of which the following are full particulars The Norlbport morning train, which left Hooter's Point at half-past, ten o'clock, and which was due at half-past twelve, consisted of an engine and tender, a baggage, and two passenger cars. It reached Jamaica, L. I, five minutes behind time. Proceeding on its way to North port, at the rate of about twenty miles an hour, every thing appeared to run smoothly for about a mile' and a half beyond Jamaica, when at a place known as the Willow Station the last car passed over a broken rail, the foremost trn'ck was loosened, became embedded in the ground, and completely tore away the entire bottom of the car, causing the instantaneous death of six ^persons and' most serious injuries to many others. The scene which ensued was frightful, sickening, and heart-rending. Unconscious of the direful event, the driver proceeded fully. ^hree hundred feet after the broken rail iadsbeen passed, the truck ail tbe while tearing HtaitUiie. bottom planks of the cars. P ofr an tl BBtMt— for some only an in stant— hn^autoptj^s^Btfuggled in ievery pos ture. Bin tbe yawnfng abyss was opened, and before adme ^nlieyen think, they were launched into eternity by tbe most torturous means. One Was^j^round to death, another had her ~heid seVered from her body, whilS otheA gored, and deeply cut. The/^sirujggite Jfolrjli fe .was terrible, and tbe moans £nd shrieks which rang forth are de scribed' as- being . ^harrowing in the extreme. Prior to tbe dreadful occurrence, the ill-fated cm contained about thirty passengers, very few rfc»T .whom escaped without sustaining some injhiy, for as the car moved over the truck the aperture increased rapidly, giving but little chance for self-preservation. When about one hundred yards beyond the broken rail the engine came to a stop, and then the awful sight disclosed itself , in all its horrors. The forms-of human ;beings were writhing in torture; one being completely rolled up like a ball, and others in most agonising postures. It was discovered that no less than six per sons had , be'en' 'instantly killed, while others presented'the appearance of approaching dis solution. — New York Herald. The Fasting Wel6h Gibl — A singular charge of assault was preferred on April 29 by the parents of Sarah Jacobs, the girl in Carmarthenshire who is said to have abstained from food or drink for the last 17 months, against Mr. Pearson Hughe's, M.D-, of Llan dovery,., at the Llandyssal petty sessions. The mother of the girl stated that on March 11 last, the defendantand two others came to ber house ahd went into the parlor where the girl slept. Dr. Hughes stripped the girl and held a stethescope to her chest, ' and stopped her breath. Witness told the defendant that she had a doctor of her own, and asked him to leave .her child alone. Defendant then asked when the girl was on her legs last, and also if she had any bedsores. Witness re plied that she had not seen the child's back for two years, upon which defendant pushed his, hand, behind the girl's shoulders, and passed it down her back, causing her to groan and rise up in her bed. In cross-examination witness said .. that ^ Dr. Hughes did not offer her five shillings, and she did not tell him to-put it on the child's chest, that being the way aU'offerings were made. De fendant threw five shillings on the bed, and said that be would not believe her statement if she swore it until she was black in the face. Witness admitted that tbe child might have received as much as £50. Mr. Jones, for the defendant, said that Dr. Hughes re garded tbe a&air; as the greatest' hoax that ever was perpetrated, and submitted that the mother had given her consent to the exami nation-^— a fact that was proved by the woman having accepted the money. The Bench dis missed the charge, the chairman remarking that his own opinion on the subject of the alleged fastiug was very decided, and be would express it iHihe parents wished him to do so. ? Extraordinary Occurrences. — In these enlightened times it 6eems almost an absur dity to talk about ghosts making their ap pearance; but tbe following statement of what has befallen three respectable men re siding near Toung, is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. Tbe three men referred to are splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place abont four miles from Young, near the Three- mile and ?the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when tbey were much startled -by seeing in the bush near tbeir hut, a wbite object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This ex traordinary lookibg object suddenly before tbeir eyes , sprung up iDto a white spectre about eight feet bigb. They called put to it, but could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way and one another. On one occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and upon one waking up during tbe night he wae much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of tbe but bad been re moved. On looking out they saw the spectre, butno one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this nor the former occasion was it either a man or ia woman/ t's suddenly rising before their feyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumb founded them. Another nisht they were I much surprised at seeing a strange unearthly looking animal, somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This ani mal came right in (ront of the hut, and com menced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occa sional rattling of its chain. As tbe animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shotj loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the ..brute, but the shot took no effect npon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog st-emed to have re turned, for they heard tbe rattling of a chain and a noise like a dog would m-ike when licking a plate. Upon looking outside they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise des cribed above. They watched it for 'Some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by some animal. - On Sun day last these men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening, he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down, and the contents of the gun brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as being the truth. A shep herd told these men tbat some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one man killed the other with an axe, and afterwards felled a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance. — Bur- rangong Argus. Carl Benson, being challenged to make a rhyme for velocipede, got off this impromptu : There was a man on a velocipede, Who said, I need not give my hoss a feed ; Without oats or hay, t He will go all day ; It's a cheap thing to keep a velocipede. 