AiRRIVAL OF THE EUIROPElAN iAIL. On Monday morning thle English and Indian Mails arrived with their usual: punctuality. Although they contain little. that is either sensational or startling,.: the contents are not wiihoult: considerabl' iu-s terest. We give in siccessioa an accounti of the' ai'tci sessional, post-pialndia uit teiance~ f ofthe leaders f: the se-verail sec tions of thoe. Imperiadl: Parliament. " The first subject that p·iresents itself is 'fti construction of the lrish Church, next the settiement, 0r: rather several .prbjects for the settlement-of the liish Land question. Amongst ot? o: soial phenomena is an appeal from the. Ronian Catlholic Hierar echy to,?the heads of the Oir'ggo party to unite-ini compelling tlio Premier to intio duce a measure, wLich] at; once transforms tenants at will nhto copy holders.. Opposed os we ai to the poley pu-. sued by Mr. Gladstone wih :respect to the wholesale diseidowmont of the Irish Church, it is with r:ogret Toe learn that his hedaltnhas not boen restored by his seclusion it Waltimer Castle, or his visitto tihe gbacini reezes of tile far nibrth, wnhere hI hIas been in attenduice iuion his Royal Mistress. ,e is siffeOing, as many of his pi'edecessors in offie.romrn overwork conibined:with great anxiety foir thu fu ture. The exorbtiant .demands of .-his ideml'ciai'tic supporer?i -in Ireand, and the disincliintiirio'ofi the .laudlord EIe ment, a prodoninant one iin :his eabinot. tolinterfere vith the :rel uti-ons of landloi~d and teonant, are no doubt very discourag ing ,-Pitt, Canining, :oastlereagh, Liver p-ol, Sydney TIe;ibert, Peel,- and bir (eorge C. Lewis, all sunk under the pressure of official business; into ti premature grav e * ,THE IRISH CIIURCIH SYOD. The first mneetingof the National Sjynod of the Irish Episcopal.. Cfirch was hiIld in St. Patrick's Cathedral; Dublin. 'the pi:o ceedin~gs were opiened Wivi Egreat solemniity all the prelates beinig preseit an-id forining an Upper House, while there wvnas a very nume rous representative atteridhne?'of the clergy, who formed a Lower House.; Before the two bodies entered upon their .deliberations 'they were addressed together by Primate Beresford, (Archbishop of Armagh), who presided. His Grace stated that they were assembled to reptir and invigorate their own Church Council, and not create a new one-to reform, but not revo lutionise. The presbyters then-retired tode-. liberate in the chapter-room, the Dean of St. Patrick's. (Dr. West) presiding. 'The pro. ceedings of the prelates were conducted in pri vate, their resolutionabeing: senit down to the. 'ptesbyters for :approval. ,The Dean of St. Patrick's was elected prolocutor, his office be ing to address the Upper on the part of the Lower House. A general reference committee was appointed,, and rules for conducting the proceedings adopted, A declaration was adopted and sent down firom the prelates pro testing, solemnly against the recept legislation on the.Irish Church. It was is follows: Mr. Prolocutor,-" The President, Archbishop of Dublin, and bishops send, for the considera tion of the Lower House, a declaration protest ing against the recent legislative measures af fecting tlhe Irish branch of the United Church' of Englaudand Ireland. That the'Synod can not ceommence its deliberations withiout record ing before God and man its solemn piotest against the measnre whereby the Imperial Legislature has both deprived the Church of I]reland of its prescriptive rights, and confis cated the endowments which the piety of our ancestors had devoted to the service of Gold. .This Synod accordingly protests against that act" of the Legislature, whereby, to' the great detriment of-the commonwealth, the national' profission- of-the religion of Christ has been reptiditedl: in Ireland, and.. the connection b`etwen. the National .Church and the State has been dissolved." The protest was adopted bythe Lower House and sent back. Another message was sent down proposing a scheme for reforming the Provincial Synods with a view to the.union of the bishops, clergy, and laity, in General Synod, and providing for the at. tendefice of ex-officio members--deahs arind archdeacons and 'the regius professor of divinity? of Triftity College. 1 he Archdeacon of Dublin (Dr. Lee) proposed the following amendment : " That this Synod is now called upon 'not to originate a constitution for a new communion, but to repair a sudden breach. in one of:the most ancient Churches in Christendnm;' that under the present circumstanees of thlie Church:, of'Ireland, the co-operationi of the faithful' laity has become more thari ever des'riable; that ?h.'ie the firamew'ork of the establislhed constitution of the National Synod remains undisturbed-composed, as it now is, of its Upper IHouse of bishops, and its Lower House of presbyters-the addition of the laity as a third order may be effected more suitably by representatives duly chosen from among the communicants of each diocese; that questions of doctrine and discipline being reserved, as from the first, for the care of the bishops and other clergy, each House deliberating and voting by its own order, in all other matters the co-operation of the laity is invited, the lay representatives voting, when so desired, in their own order; that the parochial clergy not being sufficiently represented in the present constitution of the Synod, it is important for the well-being of the Church both that the I number of tie proctors and of the clergy should be increased, andthat all the licensed clergy in each diocese should be entitled to vote at pro :cuiatorial' elections." It was rejected by an overwhelming majority. There wasa genuine cynicism in the mere proposal of such a resolu ition in a Protestant Church. The Roman Catholics hold, we believe, that. the special grace inherent in the priesthood gives them a doctrinal illumination not granted in the same degree to the laity. But that is certainly.not a Protestant dogma, and if larger opportunities for, theological' study and meditation be the only advantages of the clergy over the laity for doctrinal purposes, those advain'tages are at least balanced, if not more than balanced, by the intellectual dangers incident to esprit de corps, early pledges, and a somewhat narrow field of moral experiences, the laity will now form a part of the consultative body on all questions. Lord Powerscourt, Mr. Evelyn Shirly, with several leading Landlords, have purchased the tithe rent on their estates from the Government, and settled it again on the New Church. The Dukes of Leinster and Abereorn are patrons of the Susteutation-Fund Committee. In England the event of the week has been the outbreak of a Protection fever in the very birthplace and home of Free Trade, :Manchester, or as it professes a policy of "reci procity" in making concessions to foreign countries; but reciprocity is, to full-blown protection, only what scarlatina is to scarlet fever, or chicken-pox to small pox. Besides: as we have no protective duties at present, #reiprdootyrwould.imnply, we sutippose, putting tilieii oniin order'to have something to take off again,if any other countrr of suflicient imporitance would coine to terms, We must qualify ourselves by putting on a strait waist coat before we can be competent to pursue the disinterested policy of assuring France that if she will break away her strait waistcoat, we iWill break away ours; and if we added that we hoped she would be quick, since we had, in fact, donned that inelastic and ascetic dress solely to give her a fresh motive to get rid of hers, the effect would, no doubt, be electric. The Reciprocity Association was started by a meeting of about fifty gentlemen in Man chester.. the central doctrine of these philso phers being apparently that free trade all round is an excellent thing; but that if any foreign nation will not take our goods fiee of duty; we shall improve our situation by declining so take theirs:free of duty. That is, we shfal be wise to spend more on producing an article than we could bn! it for, even thoughi the same capital, if spent on producing something. else in which we have more advantage, would prodhce c'nough to obtain, the article in ques tion,anid leae.tus something ovet lbesides. Mr. CaOrdieliaddiressed his constituents amidst the pauses oEa terrific thunderstorm. which-in tertlilpted his speech, But, clealy, ifhe had bieettna peer, or such a peer, at least, as Lord Clarendon approves, he would have left the thuriderstorm in possession of ihe field, and kept silence, even from good words. He said liothingr at considerable length, monotonously explaining how hard the Mlinistry had worked, and how they sleep only in the recess, riot being able. like Mr. Henley, to sleep in the House,--how hard Lord Hlatherley had worked at the Bankruptcy Bill, how the habi tual crimniinals and compound householders (whom Mr. Cardwell not unnaturally associ ates.together) had both been provided for this session,-how admirably Mr. Forster had msnaged the Endowed Schools' Bill, and how generously Sir John Packington had recog nized the merit of that achievement,-how kindljy the Tories had refrained fromnt factious opposition to the Irish Church -Bill.-how Irelatnd comes to have a land-grievance,-eiow the Conservatives had prepared, and he himself had effected a reduction in the Army Esti mates,-how good the Army is,-how com pletely we let the colonies do as they like, how hard it is to decide about the ballot, how completely Mr. Cardwell himself reserves his judgment thereon,-and finally, how poor a ghost is the wandering Protectionist who has lately put in a pallid appearance in Manches ter. There is a sarcastic [satisfaction to consti tuenls, we dare say, in listening to this sort of thing so nicely put together, but it is hardly instructive. The Bishop ofExeter has died in his 91st year after a tenure of his vast diocese of no. :lest than 38 years. A great deal has been written about him with the sort of stiff, kindliness and rather difficult regret with which it is cus tomary to speak of considerable men who are no more. He was not, says the Guardian, a great party leader, for he hardly at any time had a party following; he was not a great lawyer unfortunately diverted into the Church, for his fmundamental judgment on legal matters acute as he was in legal controversy, was un sound ; he was not a great episcopal adminis trator, for he was incapable of that patient attention to detail and of that sympathy with individual character which are essential to a successful administration of a diocese. lie was not a controversialist for controversy's sake, for be always defended the existing insti tutions of his country, and if he wits more ofa p.olitical than of a spiritual ecclesastic, that was the fault of his age rather than of himself. He was most powerful in controversy, but .not contentious.; he.. was uns~n~sitive and almost utterly indfFerent to cen"r e however'bitter; he eacited 'more respect nild addiration tlit love. He was laborious; sincerely devoted to the interests of thie erclesiastical instittitutins he served i much feaared by the lax clergy of his diocese ; adroit, skilful \·lorous. TIIE EXiPEDITION UIDVR I S3AMUEL BAKEE'. A letter from Alexandria, dated the 26th ult. s-ays: " The . expedition to Central Africa, 'vhich the Egyptian Government has directed to be organited under the superintendence of Sir Samuel ilaker, will shortly proceed on its journey. Gresat political results are expected from this undertaking, which-it is aniticipated will lead to the conquest of very extensive and wealthy territories for the Viceroy. Sir Samuel Baker has been given the rank of Beyj and has engaged toremain four years in the Egyptian service. The force at his disposal is to consist of 1,500 men, selected from the Viceroy's best troops in Soudan, and placed under the com mand of an experienced officer. Hostile oper ations will probably commence in thd country of the Bari tribe, which, though nominally under the Egyptian rule, has hitherto refused to recognise it. The five iron river steamers ordered by Baker Bey in Englapd are daily expected, and the Egyptian Government has spared no expense in order to secure the suc cess of the expedition. Thle cost of the preli minary outfits, &c.; already amouuts to'£25,000. This..expenditure, however, is expected to be recovered in the first year of the expedition.," Social science either did not prosper in it?s discussions, or it was very badly reported. The'liscussions both on the colonial .difficulty and on infanticide read like a number of raw. opinions blurted out without exposition and. almost without argument. One man says hi is against any sacrifice of the interests of the moether country to the interests of the colony; anoither man says, he is against the sacrifice of theinterestsof the colony to the interests of 'tie mother country, and so theopinipuns go on alternating without either' reason. or rhyme. One man says women who put. their children to death are all demonstrably isine; and no thing comes out of the discussion; as reported, except a vote .that capital punishment should no longer be the'.penalty for the murder of children by the mothers at the time of birth; that still-born infants ought to be registered; and that the number of newly-born. children found in the streets should be published by the Registrar-General every week ! Mild re-. sults these of deliberative wisdom, and still milder reasons for those results'! Either the Bristol Congress is exceptionally unfortunate in its reports, or it has not been a very great stimulus to the mind of the nation. A paper by Mr. F. Purdy, "On the pressure of taxation upon real property," took up a sub ject well calculated to interest ann audience largely recruited from landowners"'and land occupiers. It was shown .ihat the gross an nual value of real property in Epngland and Wales, assessed under schedule A bfthe Pro perty Tax Acts in 1867-8 was £145,399,000, and that the following amounts were incident upon that rental or annual value, viz: Local taxation ...... :.. £16,733.000 SImperial taxation ... .'. -6,382,000 Total taxation .... 23.115,000 On the gross value this was equal to 3s. 2kd. inthe pjound;. Notwithstanding these heavy and constantly augmenting burdens; real pro perty had during the .past 50 years:increased enormously. The land rental, which was returned 1815 as £36,260,000, was found to be £G10,144,000, or 28 per cent higher.. in 1865. The annual value of all other kinds of real property other than land in the foi·mer year was £17,235,000, in the latter £84.938,000. thus exhibiting an increase of £67;i702,000, or 393 per cent. From these data it follows that the piroportion of the whole taxation falling upon land is coin'stantly ditiinishing, while as a necessary consequence the share met by other sorts ofreal property is increasring.- The see tion voted that Mr. Pui'dy's paper should be printed itn extenso in the transactions of the Association. On the Irish Landlord and tenant question the Marquis of I-lartington, eldest son of the Duke of Devdnshire, 'the head'6of 'the Whig aristocrsy--with £60,000 a year rental in Ireland, entreats'all parties to lay aside their political rivalries, the betteir to secure the de feat of all doctrines and principle '' hostie fibt" only to the interests of landowners, but of capitalists of every description," --a summons which, as we have elsewhere pointed out, is certain to be interpreted, however, it was meant, as a signal of distress from the high landed interest in the Cabinet to the same in terest on the opposite side of the House,-i. e., as the first ominous crack in the cohesion of the ruling party. The problem, in other words. as it appears to Lord Clarendou and Mr. Card well, and still more as it appears to Lord Hartington, who thinks of little beyond warn ing the Irish that blessed are they that expect nothing, is how to discover a tenants' right which shall not be, as Lord Palmerston said, "a landlords' wrong." Loi'd Hartington is even very uneasy in his mind about the'agricultural labourer. The tenant-right, he fearsl, will be a labourers' wrong, no less than a landlords'. The Foreign Minister and the Postmaster General are absolutely agreed on one point, to call for help to the Conservatives' in putting on a drag to cbeck the velocity with which this is moving. Lord Clarendon exhorts the various parties to cbrisidcr the matter in no party light. In his recei't speech at .Lismore Lord Hart ington insists, with something lilkeasperity to the farmers,.that theirinterest in the matter is the interest ofa' class, and by no means an im. piartial c'lass,-as if he hiad expressly intended t.o.varn them'that one member at least of the Cabinet wouild resist their.demnands to the. last.. Mr. Cardwell is more.cautious than his twoecolleagues. He does not intimate, as they do, that it will be necessary to appeal more or less to the Conservatives for help in resisting Irish claims, but he limits his view of the mischief to be remedied absolutely to the one point, -the guarantee ot the tenant against legal spoliation. We give with great satsfaction an extract fromn a speech delivered at VWatford by Lord Clarendon, promising a long spell of peace, " HIaving been cn the Continent and seen 'some persons who exercise no littlelinfluence over the destinies of Europe,' he could say with ccnil dence that since the conclusion of the Prussian and Austrian war in 1866, Europe had ' nver had a fairer prospect ofmaintaing the inestim able blessings of peace.' It hardly needed a foreign minister to tell us that; but we are well satisfied to know that persons who ' exercise no little influence over the destinies of Europe' acquiesce in that very sober and sensible opinion. The most sensational of all modern murders has been perpetrated in.the .neighborhood of Paris.. A father, mother, (enceinte), and icve children, one a boy 14 years of age. of the name of Kinck, have been murdered, by a youth only 139 years of age, named Traupmann. The de sign seems to have been to possess himself of the title- deeds of the Kincks' property,-to sail for America,-.to lie quiet there till the murder of the wife and family had blown over, and then, presenting himself to some French) consul as Kinck himself, and producing the title-deeds of the property, to apply for its transmission to America.' It was foiled before the murderer had left Havre, through his being accidently questioned closely under the idea that he was a sailor shirking his engagement on hoard a vessel The man's answers atruck the officer as sug gesting some connection with the crimeof which the papers were full, and he charged him directly with it. The murderer thereupon leaped into the docks, from which he was withl difficulty extricated alive. The body of the eldest son has since been discovered buried in the same field at Pautin as that of the rest of the family ; and it is believed that the father's body, has been found in Alsace. The strange thing is that this wretch Traupmann actually sent back 100 francs out of the 300 france hel had found on the bodies to .his old father at Rubaix, who was in difficulties. ~ven he, then is noteall devil. (?Contsnued otan:? e Suppm~ent.) Tlic Healfth of the F'ench E~ip?crdi', and ceonsequently the pfice ofl-ents :is firmer, and She has been abile.to drive oilce at least, through ithe:boiulmwards of Paris ;.2tt itis pietty, certain frim the.' lanet'' report on the malady from fihich he.has been suffering, that it is hiardly of a kind to admit ofhis ever recovering full health and strengith again. Consequenrtly. there have been riumours that he is contein platihg abdication, and that next May, when the Prince Imperial completes his 14th year, it will be proposed to the Legislature to declare him offull age, when his father may abdicate In-his favour; it seems to us a very improbable event. A successfil gamester rarely leaves off plry while he can hold the cards. Men who have built up their own fortunes are still more tehaciois ofthem-than those who have inherited theii-r iossessions. And even hereditary rulers ha?sie seldom indulged spontaneously in the virtie of abdication. .StSin is violently convulsed by contending facitions, and as a panacea for all the evils of civil war, the Duke of Genoa, who is now a jiupiil at Harrow, and a resident at Mr. Matthew Airnild's household5 is said to be the candidate f~xii ilportby the M'inistry for the throne of Sipain.. Heis a nephew of Vicar Emanuel, in :fiither,.the late -Duke of Genoa, having died in 1855, about a year after the present Duke's Sbi th. It is said that the Duke of Genoa has re::-jied to theoffer of thie Crown that be will .`ily accept it, if the Cortes elect him by a 'ma jrity .oftwo-thirds. It is-a wise condition. (• course, this offer means a prolongation of the ."egey j for some years longer, as the lad is onl .i5, Indeed, the chance of the present f?eak and tottering Government existing for 6ven another year is not very considerable, nor lo we kdow that the choice ofa King who can oibt exercise any authority as yet, is likely to miaterially strengthen its hands. Yet it would burely bepleasantto see what the "sweetness find light" which Mr. Arnold inculcates with so ltiinlahtinng an air, and the teaching as to " cul tiire and anarchy" which he has promulgated ?ifh such effect to comparatively cultivated and comparatively orderly England, might do f:or superstitious, dark, distracted Spain. The SIds0ons inculcated in " Culture and Anarchy," .isght not precisely suit the wants of Spain, but it is clear that some of the lessons of the master bi~ire already sunk into good ground. The (c ick King of Bokhara," in Mr. Arnold's beau lt'tul poem sumsit up asthe moral of the tale, ;itat "although we take what we desire, we u?ust not snatch it eagerly." And that moral, st least--and a very important one it is in re .htion to this negotiation-the young aspirant io theSpanish Crown has promptly and sagaci ously put in practice. The Telegram announces a great Viceory by tihe Ciban insurgents over the Spanish forces, which wi!l in all probability put an end to the difficulty between the Spanish and American Cabinets. There seems to be a general desire for peace amongst the leading European powers, a·nd which in all probability will lead to a gene ral reduction of the huge standing armies, which not only are costly to any country but are in fact an abstractfion from the producing powers of theii* several industries The Sultan and his tributary have arranged their diflcrence s, the Suez Canal is to be opened in great state by the Egyptian Viceroy, Mons de Lesseps has passed from the Red sea to the M\editerianean in i small steamer, and, but at an enormous expence, the Canal may yet be made the great thoroughfare between the West and Easterr. Hemispheres. The Russian Emperor, in the midst of vast social and political iinprovements has exhibited Hereditary symptoms of derangement-not be fore he had effected much good, in the Emancipa tiosi of his serfs, and the abolition of an Heredi tary Priesthood. Our relations with America are far from satis factory neither Government seem disposed to nake any concession and the questions hitherto In dispute are relegated to "a fnuture time." SThe Chancellor of the Exchequer we are told, ih devoting part of his vachtiof to active exercise bn the velocipede or bicycle. It is a very charac teristic amusement, The velocipede is an instru :rent of progress, and Mr. Lowe likes progress. 'it is irather alarming to timid wayfarers, and _Mr. Lowe likes to alarm timid wayfarers. It gives a good deal of uphill work, and Mr. Lowe always likes uphill work,-witness his valiant attempt to convince the " invincible ignorance" of the City that a smaller gold coin with a charge for mintage will be as costly, and therefore as valuable, as a somewhat larger one gratuitously tniinted. Now, the velocipede is, we belieive, alone among conveyances in this, that it increases the uphill work of tihe rider, instead of lighten ing it. Finally, it seemns to be a rathller danger ous steed for the rider, if we may judge by the number of riders it throws, and whose limbs it fracturces, and Mr. Lowe likes dangerous riding, -quite lately he used to ride a very dangerous horse in the park. Still, we trust hlie will be as careful as it is in his nature to be. It would not only be a blow to the Bank of England. a sorrow to the City, and a calamity to the Courts of Judicatare, if he were to share the terrible fate depicted in Hans Breitmann's graphic ball:d; it would also put a stop mostjunsatisfactorily to the very interesting question as to his ministerial prospects and destiny, It will be quite time for tbhit e~centric, but genuine genius, to be taking his meteor ride, when hlie has fairly solved for his many curious and speculating admirers the pi;oblem of his ministerial career. Everybody would lament Mr. Lowe. He is the cayenne pepper of political life. The cynosure of all political eyes. Parliament would lose its pun gencyjr without him. - 