TI?E AFRICAN GOLD-FIELDS. (From the Mount Alexamldr Mail, April G.) A cOIIIsroNnBxT whO Inately loft this dis. triot for the now African gold.-lolds, writes: "Natal, December 10, 1808. " I arrived here on the 12th instant. At Mauritius three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately escaped. We were detaiod a few days in consequence; hut it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that all the reports we had heard regarding the gold-fields were lies. The so-called dig gings have been worked by fourteen mno for twelvo months, during which time they only have knoclkd out soieni 3 oz. of gold. Distance certainly leds oenchant mont to the view. One largo merchant of this place has evidently boon the cause of circulating so many false re ports. lie showed us some quarts from which lhe said he could geot 00 oz., to the ton, which I sm sure would not produce a pennywesight. I think the follow must be cracked, for lie allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishfill of the most likely.loolking stone we failed to discover the ghost of a spec, nor could we find the colour on any of the lothe had, If over i fellow deserved lynching hlo certainly does, and I should not mind malcking one to do it. Most people are of opinion that the two spcimcnsi that were senlt home came first fromi Australia; at isny rato nothing like them has over boon founld hero before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told nle that an English prospectinlg party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid spa. imions, wais expected to arrive in a few days, so I am waiting their arrival. The diggings are no cud of a distance up country-quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 miles. No chance of swagging it there. It will cost £40 per mans for the purchase of waggon, bullocks, provision, &c.; ; consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors manlke their appearance, and thou try and join with them. In for a penny oi' a pound; we are come so ftr and are bent on seeing a little of the country; but whatever you do stay whore you are till you hear from ' me again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not got anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you paid them. 1 hear there are some old Otaga diggers here, but I have not been able to dIrop in with them. Again, I say, stay where you are. You remember Mount HIope rush, or Mount Hoax, as it was called, There is a good doeal of 'ditto' about this affair, something not quite the ' pure merino.' By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but 'it wouldn't wash.' The Iallirs wrorkb,or next to nolhing-12s per month, and two foods of sweet potatoes per day; and, as for living being so very cheap think I have seen as yet-3d for thirty peaches, ind the same amount for two melons .... I will write as soon as over I can got a chance of doing so. I wish I was back at Guildford again; catch me coming on, a wild goose clhaso again, thait's all." 