MONDAY, JULY 5, 1869. Constitutional writers have observed that the law relating to contempt of court is the least admirable part of our jurisprudence. It is not, indeed, so bad as privilege, because it is exercised by more practised and generally more care- ful hands, and because the judges are directly responsible to Parliament, while Parliament is out of the reach of any personal control. But contempt of court, when it goes beyond the obvious and immediate power of preserving order in the court, and enforcing the due execution of its process, is not a thing which any Englishman can much admire. It savours too much of the judge and the prosecutor being one and the same peison. It allows a man to be punished in a summary way, without either the intervention of a jury or the possi- bility of an appeal. Whatever be thought of trial by jury iu civil matters, we do not think that any person has ever pro- posed its abolition in criminal cases; nor do we think that the recent example of criminal justice in banco at Sydney will incline the public to aban- don their old belief in the tinie boDoured method of trying offenders. We suppose that in the case of the Syd- ney Morning Herald, Messrs. Fairfax and Sons must be taken to have pleaded guilty. But no human being can believe that any jury that was ever brought into a box would have returned a verdict against Dr. Steel. Yet the Messrs, Fairfax, although it was admitted that they were guilty of nothing worse than carelessness, were sentenced to pay a heavy fine ; and Dr. Steel, whose absolute innocence was fully established, was not only mulcted in costs, but was reprimanded by Mr. Justice Hargrave on behalf of the Court, in a volley of undignified and vulgar abuse. The facts of the case are very simple. The Rev. Dr. Steel received a letter from a correspondent in Tanna, com- plaining of the conduct of Captain Hovell and other persons towards the natives of the New Hebrides. This letter was sent by Dr. Steel to the Sydney Morning Herald, and was pub- lished in that journal. At the time of its publication, Hovell had been com- mitted, and was awaiting trial. Of this fact, Dr. Steel was ignorant, having been for some time absent from Sydney. The elder Mr. Fairfax was ill at the time, and the letter, coming from a known and valued correspondent, was inadvertently published without the usual examination. Subsequently, after the trial, but ' before the points reserved came on for argument, the Herald commented in its leading columns upon the whole case. It was proved that this article was published under the belief that the verdict had disposed of the whole matter, and in ignorance that any fur- ther questions awaited the judgment of the Court. There was no dispute about these-facts, and the truth of the affida- vits that were put in was fully admitted. But the Court, while it admitted that Messrs, Fairfax had acted without any improper motive, and were really guilty of nothing but carelessness, fined them £100, not, as the Chief Justice said, " so much for the purpose of punishing " these gentlemen as by way of " warning to the proprietors and " publishers of other newspapers." We think that Messrs. Fairfax may very reasonably object to being thus turned into a kind of judicial scarecrows. For their offence the penalty was absurdly disproportionate. No simi- lar complaint had ever before been made against their journal. The present circumstance was purely accidental ; an ample apology was offered, and there was no pretence that any practical in- jury had been done. Yet, in the face of all this, Messrs. Fairfax have to pay £100 as an advertise- ment to the public that the Supreme Court means to enforce its powers for preventing comments upon matters that are still sub judice. It may be very proper for the Court to take such steps, but it is rather hard that its in- genuity should not have suggested any better form of notification than that of inflicting a severe punishment upon two or three gentlemen, who, by its own confession, did not, by their conduct and apart from their convenience as a judicial advertisement, deserve such punishment. The case of Dr. Steel was still worse. That gentleman, as the Chief Justice said, and stated in opposition to his col- leagues, actually committed no offence whatever. The publication of the letter was in the circumstances wrong, and could only be palliated, and not altoge- ther excused. But it was not wrong to send the letter to the newspaper, in igno- rance of the facts which rendered it publication improper at the time. To constitute an offence malice is necessary, and this malice was in Dr. Steel's case distinctly negatived. The newspaper, however it might reduce the moral blame that attached to it, could not get rid of its legal responsibility; and if Dr. Steel had known that proceedings were pending, the innocence of his in- tentions could not have availed him. A man is presumed to know the conse- quences of his act, but when an act is in itself innocent, andi only becomes wrongful by certain circumstances of which the man is then ignoiant, he is neither legally nor morally guilty. It was not denied that Dr. Steel did know nothing of the proceedings against Hovell ; and as the Chief Justice truly remarked, " there is no single instance " where a publication has been dealt " with as a contempt in which the per " son publishing had not known of " the pending proceedings which such " publication was likely to affect." Sir Alfred Stephen took occasion point- edly to express his disapprobation of the sentence upon Dr. Steel, and public opinion in Sydney appears entirely to go with him. It is unfortunate that that learned judge should have hitherto been unsuccessful in teaching his senior puisne a little law, a little grammar, and a little gentlemanly feeling. "We notice as not the least remark ablepaitof this remarkable case, a curious dictum of Mr. Justice Faucett. If we understand that learned judge rightly, he implies that no comments can be published upon the case of a man under sentence of death until he has been actually hanged. If this be so, no journal can ever discuss a case when the sentence is imprisonment for life. Kor could a journal urge in a capital case even the commutation of a sentence, for such an application would be an interference with justice not less than a demand that the law should be allowed to take its course. We presume that the remarks of the learned judge are inaccurately reported, or that our construction of them for they are not very clear-is incorrect. For the proposition that they seem to convey, wedo not hesitateto say thatthere is no warrant in law, or in reason, or in the daily practice, either of this country or of England. On the whole we cannot say that our estimation of the Sydney Bench has been much raised by the proceedings in this case. We readily admit-what, indeed, neither the Sydney Morning Bei aid nor any other respect- able journalhas everdisputed-theneces sity of abstaining from any comments calculated to influence any pending pro- ceedings. This restriction, however, must be placed within reasonable limits, and some better mode must be found of teaching their duty to editors and their correspondents than the Sydney mode of imposing fines that are con- fessedly unreasonable and excessive, and by bullying from the bench respectable and innocent men. On Wednesday last, the Legislative Assembly amended a clause in the new Land Bill, in order to give the Governor power to alter the name of any shire, borough, county, parish, town, town- ship, land-area, gold-field, river, har- bour, lake, bay, lagoon, swamp, moun- tain, glen, or other place or locality whatsoever, within the colony of Vic- toria, on application being made to that effect by the council of any shire or boiough. This action was taken on the motion of Mr. Higinbotham, chiefly with a view to the substitution of native names for the unmeaning and barbarous nomenclature that now obtains through- out the colony, and will no doubt meet with prompt and cordial ap- proval from the public. If the local governing bodies have the sense to take advantage of the oppor- tunities which the new provision (sup- posing it to become law) will afford them, the hideous names that now disfigure our maps and gazetteers, will by-and-by be replaced by others of at least an unobjectionable kind, and the youth of the colony will escape one risk to which they are now exposed. To be compelled to make constant use of slangy and vulgar names is a positive injury to children. It familiarises their minds with the coarse and the mean, and if it does not injure their morals it will certainly have an ill effect upon their manners. If the new power which it is proposed to confer upon the Governor leads to a general reform of the nomen- clature of the colony, and some little increase of refinement comes of the change, the learned gentleman who suggested it will deserve some public recognition of his services. It is true that his own respectable name is not the most euphonious in the world, but few will complain if it is given to some now township or gold-field, in commemora- tion of his exertions in the cause of æsthetic reform. It was said, in the course of the little discussion which arose out of Mr. Higinbotham's proposition, that the names heretofore given to places on the gold-fields soemed to have been given haphazard. But this is not quite cor- rect. In the early days of gold-mining, creeks and waterholes formed the most important features of every diggings, and as these bore the names of the squatters on whose runs they were, most of the original gold-fields came to bear the same names—as, for instance, Barker's, Campbell's, Simson's, and Creswick's Creeks. There was a reason for the adoption of these names at first, though it may now be a question whether they should be retained. Other names described certain characteristics of the places to which they were given, and on most gold-fields there is a Golden Point, a Nuggetty Gully, a Specimen- hill, a Forty-foot Flat. Names of this kind are not objectionable, and may be worth preserving on account of the in- formation which they will convey to future generations. Other names very common in the colony, though not very grateful to the ear, may be worth retain- ing as memorials of bygone times names such as Stockyard-hill, the Sheep- wash, Lambing-flat, and the like. One numerous class of names admits of no improvement, namely, those that are descriptive of the original na- tural features of the spots that bear them, or are derived from the flora and fauna of the localities. Stony- rises is a name in frequent use, and there are Wattle-flats and Magpie Ranges innumerable in the vicinity of the various gold-fields. Reedy Creek, Wombat- hill, and Kangaroo-flat are also much affected as names for places to which they respectively apply, and they are all pleasantly descriptive and suggestive. The villanous names that abound in the colony seem to have been given quite wantonly, while others commemorate persons or events that had better be forgotten. Dead-horse and Tinpot Gully are bad enough, and Madman's and Murdering flats are worse still. These should be at once abolished. Also, wben a place is found to bear the name of some notorious criminal or infamous woman, it is high time that it was christened afresh. Another objectionable kind of nomenclature is that which is designed to perpetuate the names of town and shire councillors. Sawpit Gully and Splitter's Bend are common-place names enough, but they are descriptive in their way, and tell something of the past. Can as good a reason be given for the naming of Smith-street or Johnston-street, Brown's-square or Robinson's-parade ? Names of this kind are very objection- able, and though the reform of our street nomenclature forms no part of the design with which the Land Bill was amended on Wednesday evening, we hope that the discussion of the general subject will lead to the adoption of more correct views in regard to it, and to a more judicious choice of names for all pur- poses. We have already said that the chief object of the amendment is to facilitate the substitution of native names for the more objectionable of the names now in use throughout the colony, and we hope to see this excellent project ex- tensively carried out. Having taken the country from its original owners, it will be a pretty attention on our part to take over also the names by which they lovingly designated their most favoured haunts. Besides, the aboriginal lan- guages are rich in descriptive nomen- clature. There is not a stone or mound in the colony, we are assured, for which our predecessors in possession had not a name, so that there is no lack of names from which to choose. And the native names, while they are for the most part musical to the ear, are not wanting in a certain stateliness and dignity, so that they combine nearly all the requisites of a graceful and appropriate nomenclature. But if extensive changes are made under the power now proposed to be conferred on the Governor, other new names will no doubt be adopted, in addition to those which the natives can supply. In the choice of these, it will be necessary to use some care, and pay proper regard to the principles by which a country's nomenclature should be regu- lated. Names that are happily descrip- tive of local features always command the approval of the judicious, and it is difficult to fix any other kind of name on a place when its features are strongly marked. But when nature has not suggested a name for a place, then one should be given to it that will commemo- rate some great historical event, or some great man, so that its constant use may become in some degree a means of public education—that the associations which it keeps alive may fire the youthful mind with a noble desire to win fame by acts of benevolence or heroism. We admit that the colo- nial boy is not naturally prone to revere goodness, and that it is only by a some- what violent effort of the imagination that we can picture him learning wisdom from an improved colonial nomenclature. But he is not altogether inaccessible to refining and improving influences, and if such names as Howard and Wilber- force, Watt and Stephenson, Nelson and Wellington, were made familiar to his ear, it is hardly possible that some curiosity in regard to them would not be awakened in his mind, or that the satisfying of this curiosity would be unaccompanied with good effects. In consequence of tho general holiday on. Separation Day falling on Thursday, tho notice-paper for the City Council meeting -this day was not made up. There will there- fore be no meeting of the council this week. The dispute which occurred between the grand lodge of the Ancient Independent 'Order of Oddfellows and the subordinate lodge-the Loyal Brothers, of Geelong- was brought before the Supremo Court on Satur ?day. The Loyal Brothers refused to coincide tutu a resolution of a majority of the lodges, that tbe order should become affiliated with the American bod)', and it was thereupon suspended by the governing powers of the order, and ita trustees requested to de- liver up the money they possessed. The trustees refused, and proceedings wore then, taken against thora before the magistrates, where the whole question of the right of tho order to alter the constitution without the consent of all'tho members, was gone into, and the magistrates dismissed the case. On appeal to the Supremo Court, it was held that the justices had no jurisdiction in the matter, for the Friendly Societies Act only allowed summary complaints before the petty sessions in criminal matters, and not in a case like the present, where the defendants wore noting bond fide, and not misapplying the funds of the lodge. The appeal was, therefore, dis- missed. In the Queen v. Mogera, an application was made for a mandamus to direct tho judgo of the Court of Mines at Ballarat to proceed with the hearing of the coso-the Prince of 'Wales Company v. Working Miners' Com- pany. Tho case had been partly heard, and some orders made in it ; but the judgo re- fused to proceed further, alleging that the matter had been removed to the Supreme Court by a writ of certiorari, and conse- quently ho had no jurisdiction. Judgment was reserved. The Bourke General Sessions were con- tinued on Saturday, at the County Court- house, before Judge Pohlman, and a bench of magistrates. George Burns, who had pleaded " Guilty" to tho charge of having defrauded the Commercial Bank by means of forgery to the extent of £1,300, was sentenced to fsur years' imprisonment, with hard la- bour, inMelbourne Gaol. Joseph Harris, con- victed of an attempt at garotting at Carlton, on.the night of tho 20th ult., was sentenced to live years' imprisonment, with hard labour on the public works, and to be whipped twice during the first six months of his incarcera- tion, the strokes to bo inilicted not to exceed twenty-flvo in number on each occasion. A coloured man named Washington Barker was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, with hard labour, for sacrilege ; Louis Armstrong received a similar sentence for horse-stealing ; and Richard Storey, having pleaded "Guilty" to unlawfully pawning a quantity of fruit, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, with hard labour. Louis Levy was convicted of having forged and uttered a false and valueless cheque for £3, to Mrs. Cooper, of the Town-hall Hotel, in April last. He pleaded ''Guilty " to two charges of a similar nature, and was sentenced to sevon years' imprisonment, with hard labour. Tho Court then adjourned till Monday (to-day), at ton o'clock. We have already mentioned that Mr. Hugh Chambers's resignation of the office he hold as chief commissioner of titles under the Transfer of Land Statute has been gazetted i and wo understand that the arrangement has been brought about in a manner credit- able and satisfactory to all parties concerned. Mr. Chambers will resume the practice of hu profession, which he relinquished on accept- ing his late appointment. An old fellow, known to the polico as Handy Andy, appeared before the magistrates in the City Court on Saturday last, charged with being a rogue and vagabond. At a vcrj early hour on the morning of the 30th ult., lu was arrested by a policeman with two de canters in his possession filled with spirits, evidently stolen from some public-house bar. As the owner of tho property coulc not be found, he was charged with being £ rogue and vagabond. The character of this worthy, as given by Sergeant Pewtress, is rather an extraordinary one. Since 1859 he had been before the Court no less thai twenty-seven times, and had passed sever years and four months of the interval in gaol, On several occasions ho had only been a' large a day or two before he was taken up or a fresh charge. The old fellow said if th< Bench would only let him off this time, hi would go up the country at once. The Bench however, obliged him to postpone his country excursion for six months, having sentencec him to imprisonment for that period. A great deal of dissatisfaction exists ir sporting circles, owing to the committee of th< Melbourne Cricket Club having postponec their athletic sports meeting to the date ori ginally fixed for the Croxton-park Steeple chases. Many persons wish to bo present a both meetings, but it will be, of course, im possible, unless the M.C.C. give way, and fur ther postpone their sports, which can oasilj he done without the risk of incurring ani loss thereby. The proprietors of the Croxton parkgroundshavegonetoconsiderableexponsi in laying out the course, &c;, and it was, ti say the least, unfortunate on the part of tin cricket club to fix a date that would clasl with that of the racing club, indopendentl; of which the public will be the losers unies the cricket committee give way. There i yet ample time for them to reconsider thi matter, and they will be stuyding the wishe of a largo section of the public if they furthe postpone their meeting. Persons from thi up-country districts who have entered caí receive timely notice if the committee mee promptly, and alter the day. The weather during the past week-report the Government astronomer-was fine am mild, but generally dull, with rain-showers oi the 28th, 29th, and 30th ult., and 1st inst. making tho total rainfall since the 1st o January, 9.49in. as compared with an averag of 11.08Ù1. for tho same period during th last eleven years. The highest tempcratur in shade, 01.2, was recorded on the 27th ult. the lowest, 42, on the early morning of th 2nd inst. The highest reading of the bare meter, 30.335in., occurred on the 3rd, and th lowest, 29.842in., on the 27th ult. ; in botl cases with light winds from the north, whicl was the prevailing direction throughout th week. An announcement has been made, which i sure to interest a very large class of person in and about the metropolis, viz., those wh love music of the bettor class competent!; performed. It comes from Mr. G. H. G Pringle and Herr L. Collin, who proposo t give four subscription concerts, the first t take placo about the end of July-on th model of the very successful concerts of Mi Ella, in London-consisting chiefly of piano forte performances and duots and quartet on two grand pianofortes, assisted by stringei instruments and vocalists. The two concer grand pianos by Erard, which have appoarei to such advantage at recent concerts, hav been secured, and the pieces performed are t> bo taken from the productions of Beoth oven, Mendelssohn, Mozart, Thalberg, Will mers, Rossini, Scheller, Prudent, Chopin and others. The directors of the four con certs are to bo respectively Herr L. Collin Herr Staab, Mr. G. R. G. Pringle, and thei the three united. It is gratifying to lean that nearly 200 subscribers, including Lad Manners Sutton, have already put down thei names. These concerts will present tho fire occasion for two years on which Mr. Pringl has appeared as a pianist, his broken ara having during that time prevented perfec facility of execution. In the pauso between the Melboumo Exhi bition of Tine Arts which is gone, and th Ballarat Exhibition which is coming, th only opportunity for the public of seeing goo pictures which they have not seen before i that which is afforded by the galleries of th picture dealers. It is not, perhaps, a ver; favourable one, as it will require some dis crimination to pick out"the gems from th rubbish with which they are general! surrounded, and picturo dealers' puffer is proverbially an article of consumí tion to bo Bwallowed ctmi grano; bu after all it is only those who aro incapable c discrimination who would entirely deny th value of such an opportunity. We have ha occasion lately to mention a few good pit turee which have found their way into M: Hincs's gallery in Collins-street, and we have to add to their number to-day a pair of beautiful marine views at present exhibited in that establishment. They are the work of Mellby, the best of the living marine painters of Denmark-an artist whoso productions 'have lately become much sought after in England. One of them is a view of Gibraltar, taken from the African side of the straits. The immense monolith, rising suddenly and bluffly from the waves, sterns liko a gigantic sphinx in the desert of waters, revolving, to use the words of a celebrated writer, "no one knows what thoughts in this sly medita- tivo attitude." The sky has the fiery glow of a southern sunset, and is admirably painted ; while the liquid appearance of the water and the buoyant air of the craft depicted on it, aro highly creditable to this representative of modern Danish art. We aro not quite pleased, however, with the rock, and there is a want of that deep, tender diminution of perspective which is to be found in the works of the best masters. The other view is a point at the cntranco of the Kattegat, and is much superior in all the technical parts of the art. The waves dashing on the bleak and barren point, and the inhospitable rocks themselves, aro touched with a skill not to bo mistaken, and everywhere there is discernible a firmness and lightness of hand scarcely so remarkable in the other production. This picture has little of the poetic element ono almost expects in every effort of art wrought in *hose wild regions of romance which lie beyond the Gciman Ocean. There is not a glimpse of thoso magnificent forests which are the only beautiful feature in the Hat, monotonous face of Denmark ; and the artist has not even selected one of thoso long twilights that, in Scandinavian lands, produce sucli mysterious and fasci- nating effects. Notwithstanding all this, however, he has contrived to surround his picture with sufficient interest, which he has heightened considerably by a uno display of mechanical skill. Those who wish to seo what the pictorial art has come to in the country of Thorwaldsen will obtain a very fair notion from these works of Mellby. Wo are requested by Dr. Von Mueller to state that the plants mentioned by the Com- mittee of the United Friendly Societies, at their interview with tho Minister of Lands on Friday last, as having been taken away from the North Botanical reserve, were plants raised at the expenso of the Botanic-garden, and were required for aiding in the supply of churches, schools, and cemeteries, and for other public purposes, during last autumn. With respect to the iron fence alleged to have been removed from the reserve, we are in fonned that it was no longer required there, as it had been merely put up at tho time whon animals were kept on the ground, to mark off a special enclosure for some birds, &c.; It was removed to complete some fencing on the southern ground, and was also the property oi the Botanic-garden. The friendly societies will be able to obtain a supply of plants, like other public institutions, next autumn. We understand that arrangements have been made for the erection of a suitable build- ing for Turkish baths in the Royal Arcade, now being built in Bourke-street. The new baths will occupy the end of the Arcade front- ing Little Collins- street, and from the arrange- ments, as shown by the plan, will possess many advantages over the present inconveniently situated Turkish baths. The proprietor of the baths expects to be able to move into the new building in about six months. A lad named Benjamin Scholfield, residing at Greensborough, was received into the Mel bourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from t severe wound on the instep received while chopping wood. An important meeting of the contributor! of the Lying-in Hospital is convened for foul o'clock this afternoon, the object being te complete the steps necessary to bring thi¡ institution within the Incorporated Charitiei Act. The particular business will consist it determining the number of the committe* and honorary staff, and in electing them and the act is peremptory in declaring th< necessity of completing the election at thi meeting, nothing in the nature of a postpono ment for the purpose of subsequent bailo being permissible. The honorary staff ha hitherto consisted of two, but it is proposée toincreasethenumbertothree. Drs.Tracyanc Martin are the present occupants of the offici of honorary physician, and Dr. Fetherstot has, by pretty general consent, been norai nated as the future colleague of those gentle men. Dr. Fetherston was for nearly fou years the resident surgeon of the Lying-ii Hospital, and his reputation in that parti cular branch of the profession which consti tutes his eligibility for this position is wel known. As there has been some uncertaint; in the minds of the subscribers lospectin the validity of the existing rules definin the nature of the qualification of candidate for the office of physician, it may be well t state that the act distinctly recognises th existing rules, and prohibits the passing o others until one month from the presen date. The Auckland papers, just received, stat that claim after claim at the Thames golc field is turning out a perfect Dorado. Tb Herald of the 19th ult. says :-" We latel published the arrival of six hundredweight c stone, one-third of which was gold, havin been taken from the Long Drivo claim. Ou correspondent now writes us that on Wee ncsday niall t a further body of stone wc taken out of the drive in this claim quito ti rich as the former quantity, and that up t the time of tho steamer's leaving at noon tb following day the yield of rich stone wc still continuing, the face in the élriv looking richer than ever. When it is re membcred that tho whole of tho specimen have been taken from the drivo only, the gold has been found down a winze in th drive some sixty feet, and that thestopingsat seen to be saturated with the precious meta it will readily be understood what a mine e wealth the shareholders possess, Share changed hands on Thursday for £120 ead Nor is the Long Drivo a solitary instance c the lichness of the Thames field. There ai scores of claims which, if not as rich, woulc nevertheless, bo considered wonders oven i Victoria-such as the Golden Crown, Tookoy'i the Kuranui, Hunt's, and others. The share in the Long Drivo (£3 6s. 8d. paid up) al readily saleable at £120 ; those in th Homeward Bound (£7 paid up) are wort £180." The Cornwall Chronicle (Tasmania) mer tions that "Captain Robert Robson, anancior mariner, master of tho good schoonor Reboce when Batman sailed up the Yarra to settle o Batman's-hill in 1835, died in the Launcesto Hospital, on the 30th ult., aged sixty-one." The scabby sheep, which Mr. D. H. Do was fined at the Geelong Polico Court, o Thursday last, for having in his possessioi were running at Foreit Station, Jan Juc, an not at Sutherland Creek, as published o Friday. The mistake arose through Mi Dow frequently residing in the latter du tiict. The formation of the filtering-basin an service-reservoir in connoxiou with tho Ge( long water supply is now being proceede with, about 100 men being employed by ti contractors. The contractors for carting til water-pipes and laying them in position at also making considerable progress. ! Mr. G. Madden, a farmer residing at Bate ford, whilst proceeding home from Geelon on Friday, had occasion to jump off his dra; the horse having shied. In doing so he cam into contact with one of the water-pipes no lying along the road, by which his left le was broken near tho ankle. Ile was coi veyed to the local hospital, where the injure limb was attended to. Building societies are becoming popular i the country districts. We observe that or has just been established at Camperdown and another at Ballarat. 1 "There is," remarks the Ballarat Slav, " something mournful in tho thought that Parliament has been in session some five months and has dono nothing ; but there is something comical too. The funny clement seems to us to consist in the bewilderment of those simple folks who now complain as if they had done all they could, and were by no means responsible for results. The truth is, clearly, that our repre- sentatives have not caught tho legislativo tone. They play at House of Commons just as a lady's-maid plays the mistress. They have developed the art of how-not-to-do-it to an astonishing degree of perfection. The mere weeds of the British Parliament have gi own into trees in our wanner atmosphere, and have become an alarming nuisance-just as are thistles here, and water-cress in New Zealand. But the British oak has grown but ittle, and looking at it through a magnifying glass does not make it grow." The lienallaEnsign states that "great pro- gress is now being mado in marking the per- manent way for the new line to the north- eastern districts. From Essendon to Seymour the survey has been completed, and no doubt tenders will be called for that portion imme- diately after the passing of the Construction Bill. From Seymour to Violet Town a party under Mr. Hardie is making rapid progress, while the line from Violet Town to four miles beyond Benalla has been permanently sur- veyed. The party at present located here will work up to Wangaratta, from which place another party is at work to Chiltern, where there is likely to be a stoppage, owing to local jealousies as to the route to bo finally adopted in passing through that town. As nearly as possible, however, all tho parties will finish together, and possibly, by the time the Construction Bill has passed bothlHouses, the whole of the 182 miles from Melbourne to Belvoir will have been permanently marked off." Mr. Sullivan is having a bad time of it. ne is not only called to account by the Opposition press, but sharply scolded by tho Ministerial paper in his own district, for thus writes the Bendigo Advertiser :-" The Minister of Mines is, no doubt, a mighty potentate-may his shadow never be less-and he should, of course, carry out the waterworks in his own way if ho pleases-and if the country pleases. But we would beg of him to remember that he is mortal after all, and that his particular way of carrying out these works has this peculiarity-that the completion of them seems always as far off as over. We would venture a hint to him in all humility-would it not bo as well to adopt a good suggestion, even when it comes from so plebeian and in- significant a body as a borough council. And would it not be as well, and indeed more in keeping with grandeur of character, not te notice these splenetic outbursts of borough councils. Thoy are of the earth, earthy. Why should they ruffle tho equanimity ol any Serene Mightiness, such as the Ministei of Mines." The Daylesford Mercury states :.-" Wc lately reported tho death at the hospital, from starvation, of an unfortunate China man, the poor fellow having been takot: thither in a moribund condition. On Fri day, another wretched Chinaman, named Hong Tem, was discovered at Womba! Flat, in a condition almost equally do plorable to that in which the other victitr was found, Wo believe that the attention ol the police was first directed to the casony Mr H. Hollis, and on going to the misorable bul of the unfortunate Hong Tem, he was seer Ijing there dreadfully emaciated, and covoree with diit and vermin. He was removed in t dray to the hospital, where some stimulants were administered that seemed to revivo him but we believe there is little hope of his re co very. It is said that his mates déclarée they had been for somo time earning onlj about 2s. weekly." Speaking of the vacant seats in tho Cabinel which are kept dangling before the eyes o members of the Assembly while a vital ques tion is under debate, the Ararat Advertiser a Ministerial paper-observes :-"To thi earnest supporters of the present Governmon this holding back of appointments is espe dally distasteful. It gives to them the im pression that Government is weak, and i conscious of its weakness, needing the helj of exceptional influences to keep its sup porters together. It suggests that Parlia mentary forces may and have become de moralised ; arc not amenable to discipline and not truo to their professions ; that thi grand principio of common work for a com mon end is dying out amongst colonial politi dans, and being supplanted by the perniciou habit of self-seeking; and that there is peivading thoso already seated in their chair of state, a spirit mean enough to use th< power which disposal of place gives arnon] such men." According to the Belfast Gazette, " the ope rations for the harbour improvements ari steadily progressing. On tho northern side some 1,700 cubic yards of rock have been re moved from Goat Island, and other projectinj points in the south-west channel, and thi dyke formed with this material now extend a considerable distance into the surf. On thi south side 1,200 cubic yards have been take) from tho bed of the channel, and now form ¡ portion of the southern dyke, which also ha now reached the shallow water, and is bein] extended seawards. " Mr. M. O'Reilly, the editor of tho Banne of Belfast, has been lined Cs., with 2s. Od costs, for an assault on James Williams having given him three slops on the fac while he was keeping the door at one o Burnett's meetings. Mr. O'Reilly pleadei "Guilty" to the assault under strong provo catiui, as Williams called out Mr. O'Reilly' name publicly as one of thoso who were dis turbing the meeting. A pleasant instance of neighbourly feeling is mentioned by the Yarram Yarram corre- spondent of the Gipps Land Guardian : " Poor old Milton's farm and sundry fixings were put up for sale the other day. You had an account of his death in a recent issue. His widow called a sale, but beyond the small paddock of sixteen acres being knocked down, and sundry lots of the movable property, few bids were made ; although a great many people came together, they all seemed to respect Mrs. Milton, for whatever she bid for was knocked down to her almost with- out opposition. I know that many longing eyes - and that by those possessed of the need ful - were cast at this comfortable homestead and grounds, yet it appeared that the public sufficiently repudiated the action of a relative to keep from taking the poor widow's home from over her head ; the paddock of eighty acres, on which the homestead is erected, was not sold to a stranger." Will Mr. G. P. Smith come to tho rescue For the Ararat Advertiser makes the follow ing announcement :-" 'TheBeaufortba cases havo once more como to the surface. I will be remembered that costs were thei given against the Crown, in the rospectiv sums of £2 2s., SI Is., nnd £1 Is., neither c which sums has been paid by the gentlemai who had the disagreeable duty of conductin the prosecution, Mr. Superintendent Reid of Ararat. Application has been made t Mr. Daly, P.M., for distress warrants to issu against the goods and chattels of Mr. Reid and has been granted, and there is immédiat danger of Superintendent Reid having hi chattels seized. This would be but a sorr climax to these unfortunatoproceedings.' Th danger to Mr. Reid, howevor, is not so in mediate as the writer supposed, because th warrants of distress have not yet issued though the application for them was grante by the police magistrate. Neither, as a matte of course, would the worthy superintendeti allow any such catastrophe to overtake hit for the sake of such a trifling amount, onlj Jike ourselves, he fails to seo the forco of having to pay the costs out of his own pockot. Steps havo been taken for securing the remis- sion of the money from the treasury, but it does look just a little unsatisfactory that any such steps should bo necessary in a prosecu- tion undertaken by direction of the present Attorney-General." A correspondent of tho Belfast Gazette, writing on the 20th ult., thus exposes the doings of the land sharks at tho Government land sales:-"This morning it was early known that intending buyers were surrounded by land sharks, and it was not long before ad. vanees were made. One person was |mot by two who demanded £50 each, and promised if he complied they would not bid for tho land he wanted, and for which, if he did not comply, they would ; and further stated thoy did not want the land, but .being hard-up, ' wanted money.' Another person was told they would let him alone if ho would give them Is, per acre on the lots offered. These lands now referred to I am assured aro not worth the upset price, but still, on account of their situation in the runs of the intending purchasers, or other special reasons, of benefit only to themselves, thoy were anxious to purchase at a fair price ; but had these lands not been with- drawn by the Government for some depart- mental reason, the ' black mail' would have been levied to the extent indicated-the Government most likely getting less for the land than they otherwise would havo done by fair competition, and the purchaser, although paying moro for the land than it was really worth, perhaps glad to get off at the price he was allowed by the land sharks to purchase at. Another settler, who had previously been fleeced-grown wiser-was not so compliant, and after having had advancos made him, re- jected them, and caused the exposure of these persons to the land officer, who, under the cir- cumstances, withdrew the lots about to be offered, and promised to report the case te bead-quarters." Bullies of the Bobadil stamp sometimes come to grief ; and an instanco of this kind is recorded by the Maryborough Advertiser which says:-"A couple of blustering bra vadoes, flushed with drink, entered a respect- able hotel at Chinamnn's-flat the othei evening, and immediately commenced to in dulge in a torrent of coarse ribaldry, threat ening everybody and everything with instan annihilation. In the midst of this hurly burly an old resident of stalwart proportion dropped in 'quite promiscuous like,' quietli remarking that some one was kicking up i rare shindy, and then taking no furthe: notice of the matter. One of the rhodomon tadists, more foolhardy than tho othei seized his opportunity to spring at th back of the new-comer, anel in a momën rent his clothes in a slit from top to bottom The old resident hastily prepared himsel for the impending encounter, and after ex pressing his determination to fight both c the brawling knaves, one at a time, set t work in real earnest to ornament the ribal pate of his assailant. The ' slog' was tei rific for a few moments, but it soon becam apparent that the foul-mouthed knavo ha reckoned without his host, and had, in fac caught a splendid tartar, who administerc his punishment without mercy, until tli gentle stranger was fain to cry 'peccavi Having thus sent one of his entertainei grovelling on the floor, tho Chinaman's-fir. resident turned round to polish off the othei but, lo ! ihe had ' skedaddled' during ti mCMe, firmly impressed that in his coso pri dence was the better part of valour." " If the small aggicgation of Mongoliat existing in this township fail to undcrstan the duties attendant upon that existen co observes the Ararat Advertiser, " they hav a ready enough comprehension of thiugs i which their pleasures or passions are coi cerned. Anél they havo also the power < gathering to themselves agents to the gratil cation of both, which they exercise with a effect very often startling to us, The mo convincing, and at the same time mo humiliating, proof of this is the fact tin several young girls, of English birth or o: traction, live in that camp a life of degrad tion and vice impossible in any oth community. And John, notwithstanding h tiaditional attachment to the alraoid-eyi small-footed beauties of the Flowery Lan evinces a tolerably correct appreciation the charms of ' barbarian' female face at figure. Henew he nover burdons his can with old and ill-looking women, but he w angle long and skilfully for a young, goo looking daughter of the strangers. And \vh( he gets her he koeps her; it is of i use for father, mother, brother, or lover try and reclaim her. The opium pipe h been made pleasant to her, and tho cravii for it holds her liko a band of iron ; drin ornaments, and even money, are liborally f ti nished her, but their value is depreciab indefinitely by the all-powerful drug. Und theso debasing influences, young girls I come less like human beings than unre soning animals ; they loso all desire f anything better than excitement of t very grossest kind, and the idea of a re tu to decent life is to thom repugnant in the e treme. Nor aro thoy exempt from t biutality of their lords and keopors ; it is i inovitablo consequenco of embracing ti kind of career, that physical suffering imin diatcly attends it. Insult, blows, and punis ments worse than that, aro common arno: these people ; but for them all the great par cea lis the opium-pipe-a remedy worse thi tbe disease. Wo remark thus at length upi the wretched state of theso 'Chine women,' because it is necessary that the re truth should be known, before tho prop abhorrenco of the life can bo inspired. It within our experience that thoy ha been brought into police courts, hysto: colly sobbing and convulsively catching anything for support, half mad with opiu and wholly insensible from drink. Ono thom carne into the local court on Tuesdo charged with using obscene and disgusti language in a public place, and was sent prison for two months in default of paying fine of £5. She was a good-looking girl, c parently of decent station in life, but h utterly fallen from all good in her associatif with the peoplo of the Chineso camp; a she is only ono of hundreds who aro da succumbing to the evil influences of the pests of Victorian society, these barbaria without religion and without morality." A fatal accident, resulting from tho ca less handling of firearms, occurred to S Armstrong, aged about sixteen years, on t Upper Murray, on Saturday. While pri rising with a revolvor (says the Ovens a Murray Adrerliser), the unfortunate you man accidentally shot himself through t head. Dr. Mueller, Yackandandah, was se for, but when about forty miles on the ro ho was met by a messenger, who inform bim that Mr. Armstrong had died on Fridi having lingered for nineteen hours after t occurrence. An amusing blunder has been perpotraf by an M.L.A., who gavo a lecture on 1 French Revolution the other evening at Lo Gully. As on instanco of the cruel tyran exercised by the nobles of tho time of Lo XV., ho stated that they wore oven pormitt to "kill serfs" on their estate, eithor í their amusement or convenience. A Fren correspondent of tho Bendiyo Adverlh points out "that, according to the existí law, the nobles were certainly permitted kill a cerf (or a stag, as it would be interpret iii English), but that two-footed serfs w< permitted to bo privileged from such sacrifice." "Aman named Zonic Clementson lies tho British Hotel," says tho Clunes Qazet "in a very precarious state, having cut 1 bowels out with his penknife. About two yo since he got severely hurt at the Clunes Co pony's mino whilo blasting. He was cured the Creswick Hospital, but cautioned by'the doctor that, if he ever indulged in drink again, ho would subject himself to serious aberrations of intellect. Last year ho in- dulged, and the result was he had to be tient to the Ararat Hospital. It appears that he bas, for the last few days, again been taking more than was good for him, and his Reason has been again affected. Yesterday morning he went into Mr. M'Donald's pad- dock, and there inilicted the injury ho is suffering from. After having dono so he made his way to the British Hotel, moaning piteously, and with his hands and clothes covered willi blood. Mr. Weickhardt atonco reported the occurrence to tho police, who sent for Dr. Rose. The doctor was quickly in attendance, as also the unfortunate man's bl other. Tho doctor attended to his wounds, replaced tho protruding bowels, and sewed up tbe gashes. Should inflammation set in his life will bo greatly endangered." . The Mount Alexander Mail states " that a lush has taken place to a piece of country called Green Valley, lying between Fryers and Glenlyon, and about soven miles distant from the former place. It is reported that the sinking is rather shallow, and that the prospectors took twenty-three ounces from the bottom of their hole. A considerable number of miners from Joyce's and Vaughan aro going to try their luck at the rush." Tho Deniliquin Chronicle, returning to the subject of grazing farms, observes :-" No fixed or sound land policy will over bo achieved for any of these colonies until pro- vision be made for small pastoralists. That industry is one that can bo carried on with a larger amount of profit both to the individual and the stato than any other connected with tho land. But in allowing a fair and a pro- gressive margin for such occupation, from time to time, relative concentration of population should never bo lost sight of ; for if it be, what appears to conduce to material gain, will afterwards bo seen to be accom- panied by economic and social loss. Settle people, so that the largest number may pursuo tho industry that soil, climate, and experionco have shown tobo most profitable ; but whilo doing that, concentrate, so that tho forco of all may be economised, and each settler, both now and hereafter, made first amenable to edu- cational influences, and afterwards willing and capable of discharging tho duties which sur- round him as a member of a civilised com- munity. Do this fairly and honestly, and yet millions of acres will remain for largor capitalists." The Melbourne Hunt Club had a well attended meet on Saturday, near the Caul- field racecourse, and throw off two miles from tho course, on tho heath, towards Caul, field. A rattling run of soven or eight miles after a dingo was finished below Casoy's, al Brighton. An unusual number of spills oc- curred, but no serious consequences followed. There is better sport in storo for the club than this. Half a dozen deer, which have been brought over from Tasmania by Mr, Rudd for tho club, arrived last evening, and were placed in M'Kerzie's bazaar. The scratch fours matchos which were commenced on the Upper Yarra on Sepa- ration Day were concluded on Saturday afternoon. The course, as usual, was from Biandcr's Ferry to Princo's-bridgo, and with the viow of equalising the race! the arrangement was mado that the boats taking the north side of the river should receive a length's start. In thi first heat, Nichol's crew beat Young's crow by about a length, after a very well contestoc lace, and in the next heat Jones's crow wai defeated by neard's crew, rather easily. The final heat was rowed between the followin! crews :-Heard (stroke), Butlor No. 3, Wheat land No. 2, Christian No. 1 ; Nichols (stroke), Carlisle No. 3, Weare No. 2, Hannaford No 1\. This was an excellent race, and was won after a hard struggle, by Heard's crew, whe reached the post first by a length or two. The football match on tho Melbourni cricket-ground on Saturday afternoon-thi first which has been played betweon thi police and the metropolitan club-was re garded with unusual interest, and sovcra thousand spectators assombled to seo th play. The Melbourne men were captained b. Harrison, and the police by Sergeant Perry From tho first it was apparent that the latte side was overmatched, but they novertheles played a very good game, and deserved bette luck. Theiropponentsscoredthroegoals, whicl were kicked by Barker, Gaggin, and Riggall and general regret was oxpresseel that th police were not fortunate enough to get a goa on their first public appearance. It must bl remembered that they had had only ten prac tice days prior to the match, and could no1 bo expected to be equal in skill to their advor saiies. Under tho circumstances, they dil not givo at all a bad account o themselves, and the Molbonrne club dil not get their goals without some sover struggles. The frequent tussles, in whicl the police generally came off best, was ai eudless causo of amusement throughout th game, and many of the combatants carno ou of these littlo conflicts with the muddy itai torn honours of the fray thick upon them The weak points of the losing side wero ai occasional want of judgment in the field, am of familiarity with the plan of running witl the ball, but the next timo the same toam meet the gamo will no doubt bo a mor equal one. Tho return match between th Carlton United and Surroy Football Club was played in the Royal-park on Satúrela; afternoon. After a severo struggle tho onl; goal obtained during tho afternoon \m kicked by F. Hydo, for tho Surrey toam, w11 showed most prominently throughout tit match. There was an exceedingly good muster o players at the Geelong quoit-ground ot Saturday, and a number of visitors carno ti witness the match between sides chosen b Messrs. M'Mullen and King. Mr. M'Mullou through an accidont, was unablo to play, am fresh sides wero therefore chosen by Messrs Hawkes and King, whon tho followin; gentlemen competed, viz., Messrs. Hawkes Rippon, AVheatland, and Robinson v. Messrs King, Templeton, Maxwell, and Captaii Nicholson. Mr. Hawkes won the gam by two points only, tho total scores bein -Hawkes, 55, to Mr. King's 53. Som good play was oxhibitetl by Messrs. Kinj Rippon, Maxwell, and Robinson ; hu every gamo was a runaway ono, tho score being - Mr. King, 21 ; Mr. Hawkes onl scoring 2. Against this, howover, Mr. Rippo: mado 21 to Mr. Tomploton's G. Mr. Max well's scoring 21 to Mr. Whoatland's 11 gav Mr. King's side a majority of 14. Hero Mi Robinson carno to tho roscuo by scoring 21 ti Captain Nicholson's ö-the gamo resulting, a before stated, in a majority to Mr, Hawkes o two points. A four-handed gamo was af tot wards played between Messrs. King an Templeton against Messrs, Rippon am Hawkes, the latter winning by 21 to 15, th play of King and Rippon being exceedingl good. Tho ends were in fine condition, an the afternoon was thoroughly enjoyable. There was some pigeon-shooting at Fit mington on Saturday afternoon, at tho bac' of tbo Laurel Hotel. Several scratch matchc took place. Afowof the crack shots wet present, and some excellent shooting wt displayed. Tho hirds, on this occasion, wor liberated from a spring trap. In tho first ovon thoio wero eight competitors, and Mesar* Barkorand Chadwick each killod three birds tho former won on tho sliooting-off. Til next event, in which there woro sovon cou petitors, was won by Mr. Chadwick, wh killed three birds. Two handicap sweoi stakes followed, Mr. Sayers and Mr. Grimwoo being required to shoot from a mark five yard behind the position taken up by tho othe marksmen. In the first thero wero sovo competitors, and Mr. Grimwood won, killin all his birds. In tho second handicap, Mcssr Sayers and Grimwood divided; there wet three other competitors. Mr. Grimwood car« ried off the third even.*1, five competitors ; and Messrs. Sayers and Grimwood divided the fourth, threo others firing. In the last handicap ten gentlemen fired ; thero was nob timo to complete the match, and Mr. Sayers', ; who was leading up to tho time tho shooting was discontinued, was awarded the sweep- stakes. Thero was an excellent performance of tho \ trngedy of "Othello"at the Theatro Royal on Saturday evening, and the house was ex- tremely well attended. Mr. Montgomery's impressive personation of the much-abused Moor commanded the closest attention of tho audience, throughout ; and Mr. Steelo gave a . careful and very effectivo rendering of lago, but was not letter-perfect in his part, as every Shaksperian actor should be. Wc must, however, congratulate Mr. Steele on the great improvement in his acting on Satur- day ovening as compared with recent per- formances, Miss Cloveland delivered tho telling speeches of Emilia with good effect, and Miss Bowring played Desdemona with ,' much feeling. " As You Like It," with Miss Cleveland as Rosalind, is announced for this evening. Wcston's Opera-houso had a crowded audi- ence on Saturday evening, and some addi- tions which have recently been inado to tho programmo wero very favourably received. The sceno called "The Ghost in a Pawn Shop," is especially amusing. At the Melbourne Gaol on Saturday, thero were under detention 338 prisoners, classi- fied as follows :-For trial before tho Supremo Court, 23 ; before magistrates, 12 ¡ military prisoners, IS ; hard labour, 118 males, GG females ; imprisonment only, 71 males, 13 females; lunatics, 2 ; in default of bail, 10 ; debtor, 1. Total-250 males. 88 females. The annual examination of tho children attending tho Heidolborg Common School, of which Mr. C. Mattingley is tho head toachor, took place in tho largo schoolroom on Friday evening, Mr. It. W. IC, Martin presiding. The examinations in tho various branches of grammar, geography, arithmetic, ¿sa, were liberally interspersed with vocal and instru- mental music, and recitations by tho younger girls. In the course of tho evening the corre- spondent of tho school announced that tho Board of Education's inspector of schools had required repairs and additions to bo made to the school building to the amount of £130, which, if not done, the board would withdraw the grant in aid from tho school. Half the amount would bo found by tho board, which would leave £C5 to bo subscribed by local efforts. A subscription list was immediately opened. Numbor of cases rolioved weekly hy the committee of the Melbourne Ladies' Beno volent Society for the fortnight ending Juno 29 -.-Individuals, 1,052 ; families, D89 ; com- prising-Widows, 207 ; sick and infirm, 119 ; desorted wives, CO ; wives whoso husbands are in prison, 9 ; wives whose husbands aro absent, '10 ¡ wives whoso husbands aro par- tially employed, 20 ; do. unemployed, 21 ; f aged couples, 21 ; singlo women, 28 ; miscel- laneous, 4. Outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases, £204 12s. 4d. Subscriptions during tho same poriod-Hastings Cuning lmm and Co., £2 2s. ; Bullen Bros., £1 ; Wil- liam Ford and Co., £1 Is. ; Dr. Rudall, 10s. ; S., £2; Mrs. Horny Stevenson, £2 2s. ; Mrs. Nutt, £1 Is. ; Mrs. John Carson, £1 Is. ; Dr. Ferry, bishop of Melbourne, £2 2s. ; Richard Hodgson, £1 Is, ; Edward Cobon and Co., £2 2s.; M'Callum, Niel, and Co., £1 Is. ; Johnson Brothers, 10s. ; Mrs. James Law- rence, £1: Mrs. Belcher, £1 ; Mrs. Alfred Blannin, £1 Is. ; H. Selwyn Smith, £1 ; Mrs. Peppers, £1 Is. : Mrs. Bennet, 5s. ; Gill, Thorpe, and Co., 10s. Gd. ; Hudson und Watkins, 10s.; St. John, per The Argus, 10s. ; collection, St. Poter's Church, per Rev. H. H. 1>, Hand field, £19 15s. Id. ; Borough Council, Ho tham, £10 ; contribution of fiaunol, &c;, from J. D. P. Tho committee beg to draw special attention to tho urgent need at this season of tho year of blankets aud warm clothing foi distribution among the sick poor ; any contributions of which, or monoy, will bo thankfully received by Mrs. Cairns, Chalmers' manse ; Mrs. Handfield, St. Petor's par- sonage ; Mrs. Rhind, Victoria-street, Ilotham ; Mrs. Dunn, Littlo Lonsdale- strect east, or any momber of committoe. 