THE MELBOURNE CUP CANDI DATES." By Peeping Ton. Last week I got no further in renewing the Melbourne Cup horses than the first class. I now come to the seoond, commencing with The Duke, the winner of the Band trick Derby last spring. This has been his only winning per formance, as at this autumn meeting he was brought out three times, in the Leger, the Gold Cup, and the Bous Handicap, bnt made no show in any of them. When we think how very moderate the lot that were behind him in the Derby have turned out, his winning that race cannot be looked upon as anything mar vellous, and his subsequent running also goes far to prove that he is not one that is at all likely to shine in a Melbourne Cup; besides, I think he has got about half a stone more weight than his due, which drawback will most likely keep him at home. How I come to a horse whose running shows a deal of excel lence, and whose chance in the Cup looks re markably good. Mr. Uhde's Warrior, 6 yrs old, got by New Warrior. On the first day at Homebueh, this autumn, carrying 6st. 101b.,-he beat a large field very easily in the Free Handicap; on the second dsy, he won the Corinthian Cup, welter weights; and on the third day, carrying 7et. 61b., he walked off with the Duke of Edinburgh's gift in a field of fifteen horses, Earoola being second, and Deception third. At the Australian Jockey Club Autumn Meeting, carrying Oat. 61b., he ran away from Sir William, 7st. 111b. in the Publicans' Stakes, one mile and three quarters. He only got third to Blondin and Deception in the three-quarters of a mile Flying Handicap; andjn the City Handicap, carrying 8st. 61b., he was beaten by a neck by Hambledon Hill, 8st. 21b. Ten good horses comprised the field, and a mile- and-n-half race was run in 2min. 45£eec. Warrior will Improve, and I quite expect to ace him one of the Sydney favourites before the day. Stumpy, with 8st. 101b., has caught it hot for running second to The Barb in the Sydney Gold Cup, carrying 7st. 91b. He also ran second in the eame race last year, carrying 6sfc. 101b.j but all bia other performances show that with anything above 8st. he is not "all there." The Ear) started nine times test mason, and has been fortunate in four races, but the company be met with in his winning performances have been no better than himself j that is tossy, second class only, with the the exception ofin the Band wick Autunfti Maiden plate, where he defeated Gasworks, who was notoriously out of sorts, otherwise she is as superior to him as The Barb is to Monkey. Whatever goodness he has shown has been more owing to his oondition than to any inherent qualities of Ins own. I cannot see The Earl in the Cup with Sst. 61b. j he has not quality enough, and hasbeen a great deal too puffed up in certain quarters to be of much account. No doubt, with Mr. Tait at his back he will find lots of supporters, bnt be shall rtirry none iff my money. Strop has started thirteen times this season, and has on nearly every occasion proved himself to be, with a certain weight, a good horse; he has won five times, his best performances being in the Melbourne Gap—where, carrying 7«t 101b., he ran second to Glenooe—his two Ballarat races and the Champion Cup at Launbeston If Haynes manages to get him into as good condition as he had him last year in the spring, he stands a fair chance of again run ning into a plaoe. Coquette, as a two-year old, proved herself a wonderfully game* and good filly, but ip the spring of the past season she went queer in her fore legs, and/her training was interfered with thereby.^ She therefore made no show in the Derby, or in the Mares' Produce Stakes, for both of which racee she started first favourite. She was allowed to enjoy utiutn ■cvm dig. until the autumn, when she Besetted her eupremacy in the ..Leger by beating The Earl, Avalanche, and fire others, but she could make no headway in the Gold Cup with fist. 111b., and 8st. 41b. is more than she can carry at-Cup pace. Darkie has been out seven times this season, and won fire races;1 he has got at least 71b. more than he should hate, In the last Homehush Maiden Plate, The Earl beat him, giving him 81b., and now he only ^concedes 81b. His winning peiformances^ iifterwairds were not- inthe best ofcompany, apd I cannot see how. hecate be within 81b. of TheEarl; and ss the latter bss but a pobr show, Darlcie'a must be poorer. Kestrel is aWarb&wk; fBly, belonging to Mr. Pearson, of Gippe Land, who cleaned out three different lote at the Sale Turf Club Meeting in April lut. She has a great tern' of speed, but "MrT Pearson's con dition is hot alwfyitojgstoliod on, Staditwill he. best to Fleminfeton bfefoto'lofteiig 'oji. bjAnioo tee to her fitness. 'flurbiteh-1 Iwo-year-Dldi.belDngtnglbto.Lee.tettdjheeach has'only ehosm hp' possible.-' to' say' how -fww.' tottrh ' *• three-year-olds. The same may be eaidiaboufc Detective, who has not yfck. xbs^s sinyj ance ; he holds a very high privi' and those who havee«en\lmgo. -his style of pction j heIs somewhat tender t I legs,* andis.th^refc*^ A.wirty doubtful I man to Iteve hQPI^ to do wUh. joungstsrs I hare plaoed amongst the clem division, and tope they will justify the position given them. Of course there is great uncertainty as to how they will turn out, but in the meantime they have got the benefit of the doubt, Ragpicker's reputation rests on her spring running at Randwick, where she got second for the Derby, and first for the Spring Metropolitan Maiden Plate and Grand Stand Plate. Since then the mare has shown no form, although she has been tried seven times. At the Randwick Autumn Meeting she evinced some improvement in the Rous Handi cap by running a dead heat with Avalanche, The Duke, The Earl, Regalia, and two others being behind them. Many imagine that she won the race, but the decider told in favour of Mr. Lee's filly. Rags is reported to have wintered well, and to have growni into a great mare, and if ebe herf«lJ again, 7et. 71b. ought not to trouble ber; but Mr. Fisher's luck has not lately been a good thing to stand by. Australian hails from Riverine, where he immortalised himself by winning the ten-mile race this Be**0* « Wagga Wsgga. He is one of Mr. Martin s get, and if he be as good over Flemington as he is in his own district, his weight won t trouble him, but I imagine he has hardly pace enough for a Melbourne Cup. Pbcebe is a mare that I greatly fancy; I think her as good as anything that Mr. Lee has got in his etable. She ran three times last spring at Randwick, carrying 8st, 31b., won the Epsom Handicap, beating a field of second, with 9st., to Italian, 8st. 121b.,, for he Ladies' Purse; and walked off with the Sydney Handicap, carrjing8»t, 121b., R^nble don Hill, 8st. 131b., second, and Orlando, Set. 51b., third. She is now six years old, and has got 7ot. 101b. to carry, and should she come to the poet in good fettle, she ought to be con spicuous in the front rank. * I dow come to the third-class horses, com mencing with Traverton, who has been under a cloud ever since he made his first appearance at Randwick, now more than twelve months ago. He made rather a favourable impression when he won the PriDce of Wales Stakes, and was afterwards sold for £130. His name has figured amoDgBt the entries for several races aince, but it bus been " no appearance, your worship," on the course. Present or not present on the Cup day, his performances have cot been of sufficient account to entitle him to any consideration. I do not think Circassian can stay, and if he could make no show in the Randwick Gold Cup with 6st. 121b. on his back, I do not see how be is going to mend matters with 7et 9ib. here. Blondrn is a good little horse at short distances, and perhaps with a very light weight might be able to reach two miles, but his chance in the Cup with 7et. 51b. is a very remote one indeed. He has not been idle this last season, as he has been out eighteen times, one-third of which were wins. Sir John has got well in with 7st. 71b., that is to aay, if he be right at the post, hot his running has been ao uncertain, that I should imagine that he is rather a difficult customer to traiif. With 7st. 21b. he was just behind Tim Whiffler in the Sydney Gold Cap; but his best performance was on Hew Tear'e Day, winning Tatterealls Club Cup, two miles, with 7st. 121b. up, beat ing a field of ten horses s time, 3min. 41isec. gir John is an improving horse, and therefore ought not to be lost sight of. Salem Scudder out in great force at Geelong, bat in both his races there he only carried 6st. 4lb. What he can accomplish with a stone more on his back is not easy to say ; he is a well-put together horse, and 7et, 31b. ought to be no liirwlHmn*. I do not think his owner thought f».in quite so good as he proved himself to be at Geelong; there is every likelihood, there- i fore, that great care will be taken abont his i training, and he is one of those that will run very forward in the Cup. I do not know i whether Shenandoah has quite recovered her i soundness or not; if she has, the worthy host of the; Albion has got a chance at last of sttw'"'ng his great ambition—winning ft Mel bourne Cup. In the last Cap she ran third with the same weight she has now got, 7st. i 51b„ after all the running; and if { can only manage to get her into the same condition and humour as die was in then,* the little grey mare's prospects are second to pons. Albany is too delicate a horse to trust to; with a atone off his back he might manage to get the as he did at the Homebash Rmtor meeting, but in the Melbourne Cap he will himself quite ont of his element with * 7st. 81b. Mr. De Mestre's coming has not jtb come; his weight, 7st. 21b., Jor sp"h a clipper as he is to be some day, ' dmald be no obstacle if he would only come ' "in the Cap. Patience Is a virtue, and Mr. De " Mretre ought to possess it to the fall, as he bad •i.' to wait a couple of years for Tim Whiffler. How long he will have to wait Jor Marksman time alone can telL Kingfisher has been lying by for twelve months; he once did manage to pull off a nee, the Metropolitan Maiden Plate at Randwick last year, but as Melancholy 'Jboqm was within a length of him, it does not i aay much for the performance. I cannot aee he has a ghost of a chance in the Cap. Cymba is a sister of that gay deceiver, Little Pish; and I shall trust none ot the family again, althongh she did win two races at Geelong, apd ran second to Stoop for the Grand Stum gtakss at tbe Melboarne Autumn Meeting. According to ber running with Freetrader at both places, the lfttter onght to keep her as safe as if sbh were boiled. He has got re markably well in with fist. 121b., so has Barwqn 7 mid Horma, but the Ballarat champion doss -not like the Cap course} it » Ubw him. In thebstCap be had 7st. N' when he and Shenandoah made all the r cunning for. a nib and ;» quarter, when the, ! little horec threw it up. I b»ve therefore no faith an his ooniing home even with 71b. lew on his back. Hot®* is ope of the best stickers in tie ™ one of' the little and good eo^t \--i In the Pop will bp. '■WW iwever, she will always oe theothers are stoppi0^, l'hp Ufrhnt. Sheet Anohor, lid , will ran a far season} hp hai certainly Oatt*^.y|be twp;.miles,,i 'Mfitors-oarry.., ""-rang Club that with; little, doubt., r.j. the tiipe. ^ Fond of giving r training, and if he j will allow me to suggest, that as bis little horse is naturally extraordinarily fleet and good winded, a little less work would answer the purpose better than galloping him to death before be has to race. Agnes is a Yattendon three*year-old that is spoken well of, belonging to Driscoll, and that is all I can say about her. Architect has yet to build the structure of his fortunes, as be is a maiden—at least I never heard of him, and the weight implies that the bandicappers have not done bo either. Phos phorus, with 6st. 7lb., is not quite good enough for a Melbourne Cup, yet he is a very game honest horse when not overburthened. He will be none the worse of the extra age, and if he comes fresh to the post, will beat more than will beat him. Palmerston won tbe Maiden Plate at the Melbourne Spring Meet ing, which is the pedestal upon which his fame rests, but I have no opinion of his abilities, neither seem to have the bandicappers, when they put him down at6st. 41b. Lapdog is the only representative which we have from South Australia in the Cap this year. He has proved himself a good horse in his own country, and cannot complain of bis weight, 7st. 41b., but I have little faith in horses from that colony. The two-year-old performance of Mr. Lang's Lilly, a three-year-old by Boiardo, does not aay much in her favour, but as she was in very poor condition when he took her in band, doubtless she will run much better next spring. Barbelle has never yet shown she can Btay two miles, aud 1 think the bandicappers might have let her off with 5lb. less. I have already expreasrd my opinion as to the rest of the horses whose chances I have not reviewed: they .are all duffers, and L cannot see that any of them have the slightest chance in such a race as the Melbourne Cup. 