'SOSOS OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The second Synod of theJ&Visbano; Diocese of id Iheineu"'^.nen"morning prayer was said and "5f sh of England commenced yesterday the Church of f_"S^Ui, at Iowa Church. members assembled at St John's Church, and am when morning prayer was said and s, Holy Communion celebrated At 4 o'clock the Synod assembled in the District Court KrisM Ker Dr Tuffnell, president, and Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, vice-presi j not After prayer, had been offered by the "^"rolî'wos called, and the following morn- "swered to their names - Clebqy Boy N T Harte J Jones ber E C Jagg O Sutton E B Neville Rev J Matthews T Jones E G Moberly J R Moffatt j Jlosoloy Laymen jjjO Suter Mr C Coxen the Hon J Douglas, JILC 3k W L G Drew Sir James Cockle 5,3 Honor Mr Justice / atween Mr S h Peterson L, W A Tully the Hon A Hodgson, 31, Ka nsay, M L A His Honor District Judge Blakeney Mr R Short Mr REG Johnson Mr W H Walsh, MLA Mr T H Paige The Hon J Bramston, MLC Mr W H Hirst Mr W T Blakeney The roll was then signed by the delegates present SECRETARIES The Rev J Matthews was elected clerical salary , that Mr B Short loy secretary DECLARED VACANCIES Mr Scteb having been elected to represent three parishes Wickham terrace, Warwick, was Ganic stated that he would represent Warwick A Mr HiBaT having been elected to represented Purl hes Rockhampton and Gayndah listed that he would represent Rockhampton Vacancies for Synodsmen were then declared st Wickham terrace, Gympie, and Gayndah TBESIDIMS ADDRESS The PREsiDENT read the following address - My reverend brethren and my brethren of de lam -It is with feelings of deep gratitude to the Tonight) Giver of all good that I meet you at the opening of this our second Synod, to see cann ed with on with a view to the order T and well governing of the Church in this will be J The single session of our first Synod was far, of brethren, from being an unfruitful one, and all my earnest hope that our present session mar in its results, be of an eminently practical character We then adopted the recommendation of the Conference of Clergy and Lay Delegates, rio by my invitation, had assembled at Brisbane in September of the previous year, that the form of a medical action to be established among t us should be founded upon the basis of con equal compact and not of legislative enactment an 11 believe that in this our determination we di I well Whilst, in order to provide for our unimpaired connection in doctrine and d empire as a branch of the Catholic Church with the Church of our fatherland, and our own In -dom and liberty of self government as a separate diocese and colony, we accepted after Estate and careful deliberation a form of con station which we believe to embrace the doe true and so far as is applicable to a Church not connected with the state, the discipline of the Church of England, that doctrine and his plan which, by God a infinite mere), had been filed down to us through a long line of anees 17 and which, as our most precious heritage, is desire to transmit unimpaired to our children Ld our children's children Having accepted the form of constitution for associating together L members of the Church resided in the the use of Brisbane, as a branch of the United Church of England and Ireland (for such, I [crime that we may still call, and such all that we might yet be permitted to con Line to call, the Church of our fatherland), 1 adopted a code of standing orders for our wines 111 debate and a canon for convening leSvnol mi I regulating the election of these it should be returned by the several congre items of the diocese, is the duly constituted presentatives, to the Synod Rij out of the Diocesan Council One of the non fundanio ital 1 regulations of ir diocesan constitution provides for the up partment of a standing committee to act as 1 council to the Bishop, and to assist him in conducting, the business of the Synod at such tones as it shall not be sitting, and it would be bee the duty of the Diocesan Council to save 1 r enters to the Synod now assembled a tips of their proceedings , but it was found that owing to what was probably an oversight the part of the late Synod, when passing the turn to regulate the election of synodsmen, t members of the Diocesan Council were pre K tel from acting as a boil) after March 25 learnedly upon which the Synod of 1868 at his oh ed the report of their proceedings ill as before be laid upon the table by the 1 r tan and you will find appended to it the 31st of 1 short canon, which has been prepared on the bed should think it desirable by ' a pension of the standing orders and the is one of that canon to provide that such real members as were elected to the council "the late Synod, and such lay members led ated to the new Synod, us were members of record in during the recess should constitute tie D 61 11 Council during the present session of the method In the report of the Diocesan tin ii will find that the statistician returns of" fur by the late Synod have been collected, altogether with the report of the select com tat e appointed to inquire into and report upon ever em state of the administration of the senate rate, as it affects the Church of n,' LC) in the marriage of her members in the said will forthwith be held before you Sale as Prepared by the Diocesan Council, for the Consideration of the synod of 1 reverend brethren, and my brethren of 1 issue "away subjects of deep importance nil 1 welfare of the Church in this diocese p during the present session claim (as I II sure they will receive) your patient and I call attention. The Diocesan Council have Ffpared a draft canon to regulate the appoint- fit and to define the powers and duties of hnC0U?Cil a canon to Prtm<l0 for the forma- T and division of parishes, and a canon to I case for the establishment of a Church Extension Fund whilst one of the members of a Diocesan Council has kindly prepared a to 1 °,rtSulato the appointment of clergymen and uPon which, unfortunately, the s" fall not '"no to deliberate in conse IZa the Oversight to which I have already Coun in ch PrInted the members of the ti.,,,,"01» continuing to act as a body after his a JJ Mttroh> 'bo day upon which the Synod expired * dPPo>ntment of Clergy and Mode of their, Sustentation ine canon for regulating the appointment «»M.l"m<m t0 Parishes, and that for the Fans ment of a Diocesan Church Extension 1 1 ' "e 'objects of the gravest importance, tons 1 1 may I 'think, with advantage be here 'together in the remarks which I Mrs., T n,dc,re89 soon if we be of com entirely buln .,." this tax as -a. safety little use to regulate by an order "ed L. ."lH'oiutinont of clergymen to organ l? re, V lm(1 to newly constituted mission V 6min '2 unless who is "to arrange for from "7,8 . led from the mother country or ""at Our nr, s., 1 .... ' clean Colonial immoralities and theological led to the due supply of clergymen well quail to,,," TaeBnciM which may from time to M c. i" our ally constituted parochial and to occupy those centres of almost 'eCiiti, ran *m9° "men " our branch of m 3' , Chuch of Christ is to attempt to 5 or to 1 responsibilities, ought, without farmlets 1 established in the more sparsely R L.. J tll,,tr,e'« the interior of the colony, to felt 'no supply of this all important p one on ,,'"'"e'oat measure depend on the ter. v J It is made for the sustentation of the ' ber 5 h ,! 1W) brethren, am taught to bear each musical'! 80 fulfil the law of Christ '30 d and that the inhabitants of the more fences P,rosP°r?u» portions of the colony has it as a duty and privilege to assist, as far as they are able, the settlers in the poorer and more sparsely populated districts of the interior " Upon my first arrival in the colony, I stated it to be my deliberate opinion that a clergyman in full orders ought not to receive a smaller as much stipend than £300, with a parsonage, or an allowance in lieu of house rent, and in my opening address to the Synod of 1868,1 gave it as my opinion that in any colonial diocese where it was practicable, a system of partial endowments for the support of the clergy in the different districts to be supplemented by voluntary contributions of the members of the congregations to whom they ministered, would be found to be the most desirable and satisfactory expedient chattels entirely supported by voluntary contributions in my judgment, places the clergy in a state of unhealthy depend much upon the will of the congregation, whilst, on the other hand, it appears to me that the system of entire endowment is exposed to the danger of rendering the clergy too independent of the affectionate respect and goodwill of those who are committed to their pastoral upon sion I am, then, in my own mind, fully persuaded that with a view to the sustentation of the clergy, we shall, in our organisation of this diocese, do well to endeavor to provide a system of partial endowments, to be augmented by the voluntary contributions of the members of the congregation, together with the Easter offering, which I believe affords to the different congregations a healthy way of expressing their due appreciation of the faithful and diligent ministrations of their pastor and with regard to the appointment of the story, I will now only say that it is, in my judgment, desirable that the different congregations should, in some recognized way, have a voice in the selection, remembering that a clergyman, when once presented to the bishop and by him approved and appointed to a cure has a moral, if not a legal right to the regular quarterly or monthly payment of the stipend which was assured to him upon his presentation, and that he cannot, when once appointed, be removed from his care, except upon just cause shown either to the Bishop or to some tribunal appointed by the Synod and approved by the Bishop I trust that the Synod in its present session may be able either by the establishment of a central fund, or by means of the proposed canon for providing for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Exton sion Fund, to make some arrangement for the more regular and certain payment of the stipends of the clergy I would here, my brethren, adopt the words of my right rev brother the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, in his address at the opening of the third session of the first Synod of the diocese of Sydney - ' we are launched upon the system of voluntary payments, and though I hope that a partial endowment may serve as a restraint upon have) or intemperate action on the part of the parishioners, yet the clergy can only maintain their position by the diligent and efficient discharge of their ministerial duties If, however on the other hand the laity desire the clergy) to be wholly occupied in their high calling without anxiety and distraction, then the acute of renumeration must be such as to enable the clergy to live without carefulness I am of opinion that the clergy are not at present sufficiently remunerated, and some general and comprehensive scheme for their payment is much required Let me then earnestly request the laity to have due and practical regard to the comfort and con evidence of the clergy No men are more completely the servants of others in the sense of devoting their time, and ability, and wealth to the cause of their follow men, than the clergy they live for you, their attainments and their powers vary, but their lives are spent in serving you Let it be seen that you acknowledge your obligations, and reciprocate these services If they have sown into you spiritual things, is it a great matter if they reap your camel things Let it be your care that they shall not want the proprieties and comforts of their position, that they are enabled to educate their children, and to make some provision against the casualties of life and its close " Canon for Establishing a Diocesan Fund " The principle asserted in this Canon is one which will, I feel sure, commend itself to the judgment of this Synod, and will, I trust, reeve of the cordial and earnest support of the members of the Church throughout the diocese In the Old Testament, the claim of God was pronounced upon a tithe of the substance of all who entered into covenant with Him, and when the tenth, due to Him who is the Giver of every blessing that we enjoy, had been paid the free will offering was accepted as the tribute of a loving heart to a merciful and loving Father, and in the Christian dis pensation, which exchanges principles for rules-a dispensation established upon better promises, and grounding obedience upon higher motives-it will be difficult to prove that less than a tithe of our substance is the property of the Lord The time has come for some decided effort to be made, and the consciences of the laity must be awakened to supply the lack of aid upon the part of the State in providing the ordinances of the Church for themselves and for their children But whilst I regret the abolition of State aid not so much on account of detriment to the Church as from loss which I believe hence arises to the State I do not do siro its re-imposition Whilst then, on the one hand, we enjoy) the liberty of self government, we must remember, on the other, that the laborer worthy of his late,' that 'he who is taught in the world' is commanded 'nominator unto him that t cachet h in all good things, that, as under the former dispensation, ' they who ministered about holy things did five of the sacrifice, and they who waited at the altar were partaken with the altar,' even so hath the Lord also ordained that they who preach the Gospel should live of the Gospel "In former days, kings were the nursing fathers and queens the nursing mothers of God's Church, and in the settlement of the early colonies of the British Empire, the Crown being in theory the owner of the soil, which was considered to be held in trust for the benefit of the British nation, in the creation of each new colony and the laying out of each now township, portions of land were reserved, by the will of the Sovereign, for the purposes of religion These clergy are serves,' as they were called, were, in British North America, a most important means for the first establishment of Christianity in that land, although at a subsequent period they were often a cause of litigation and dispute, and have in some instances, I believe, been deported from the purpose to which they were originally devoted With ourselves, my brethren, whilst land IS readily given away for almost any conceivable. purpose, and bonuses are awarded for the encouragement of every branch of secular industry, religion alone, in the disposition of our millions of acres, seems to be forgotten I will not venture to say that this is the cause, but no one of us can dispute the fact that prosperity has not to any great extent rested upon us " Whilst the principle embodied in the canon of which I am now speaking must, I think, commend itself to every one of us, the canon itself, in my opinion, is not sufficiently comprehensive Our Church Society, although it has for some time been in abeyance, still exists It has no inconsiderable sum of money yet at its disposal, and it might well, I Bank, place that at the disposal of the Council of the Diocesan Synod, to whom it is proposed in the canon that the management of the Church Extension Fund should be entrusted I hope, therefore, that whilst the principle of the proposed canon is preserved, its object, when in committee, may be so extended as to enable it to comprise those which are embodied in the constitution of the Diocesan Church Society viz , the supply of clergy and their maintenance , the building of churches, parsonages, and schools , education and the establishment in different parts of the diocese of depots for the sale of bibles and prayer books and other religious publications, and the promotion of other objects of general Church extension I h n o said, my brethren, that whilst on principle I regret the abolition of State and, I do not desire that it should be so imposed That which the State does not give it cannot with any sense of justice attempt to take away In this colony we have never known establishment and we need not fear his establishment The trust deed of the Wesleyans has, I believe, effectually prevented any attempt at the secularisation or alienation of their endowments, and although it will require such careful preparation that I do not consider that it would be wise to make the attempt in the present session, yet, with the advantages which are enjoyed by the Synod, as at present constituted, I hope that if we are all spared another year, some such trust-deed for the security of our Church property to the purposes for which it is devoted may be adopted by us. Education. "Allow me, my brethren, on this important subject to road to you a few words extracted from my opening address to the Synod of 1868. The school, my brethren, has ever been regarded as the handmaid of the Church, and in a well- ordered parish next in importance to the ministrations of the ordained pastor we may regard the efficiency of the teachers of the day and Sunday School. Some of our daily schools, as at Fortitude Valley, South Brisbane, and Toowoomba, are, I am glad to say, assisted by the Board of General Education, but in these it is found necessary by practical oxporiouoo that there should be an adjustment of the relative position occupied by the inspector appointed by the Board and the clergyman of the parish subject to the supervision of the Bishop. To others of our schools, as at St. John's, Spring Hill, and Ipswich, aid has been refused, but it is only fair that I should say that since my re turn from England our applications for assistance to these schools have not been renewed. I have been rather awaiting the meeting of the Synod, and I hope to look to the standing committee, or to a committee specially appointed by the Synod for the pur- pose, for valuable co-operation. I need scarcely do more than repeat what I have already often said, that it is my earnest desire that the secular instruction afforded in our schools should be thoroughly efficient, but that, together with efficient secular teaching, we should be allowed to impart a sound religious education to the children of our communion. " During the recess the applications for assistance to the schools of St. John's, Spring-hill, and Ipswich, have been renewed, and in the case of St. John's and Spring-hill, aid has been granted by the Board. At Ipswich, it has again been refused, and for the reason previously assigned in answer to the former applications of the clergyman and local patrons for assistance -viz., that there was an abundance of unoccupied room in the vested schools established by the Board in that town, in which the children of our schools might be received. Ipswich, it must be remembered, was one of the schools assisted by the Government of New South Wales previous to Separation, and one of the schools referred to in the letter of the then Colonial Secretary, the Hon. R. G. W. Dorbort, addressed to me at the time when the Act for establishing the Board of General Education was about to come into operation. In that letter Mr. Herbert said he had little doubt but that we should be glad to avail ourselves of the advantages which were secured under the Act to our existing schools. The school attached to St. Paul's Church, at Ipswich, was at that time one of our existing schools, but the clergyman and local patrons of that school have found no advantage secured to them under the Act, unless the persistent refusal of the board to grant the assistance of for which they have asked is to be so regarded. This is a fact which I think requires no comment, and I may add that, if I am rightly informed, subsequently to a former refusal of the Board, based upon the unoccupied space existing in their vested school, assistance was given by the Board to the non-vested school of another religious denomination in that town, without any reference to their refusal to entertain our prior application. The clergyman and the local patrons of the school at Ipswich, have, I understand, placed the matter in the hands of their local representatives in the Legislative Assembly, and I trust that this may lead to an alteration in the regulation of the Board which presses so heavily, and, in my opinion, so un- fairly upon one of our schools existing at the time when the Education Act came into operation. The religious education of the younger members of our communion, both in our daily and Sunday schools, is, I need scarcely say, a subject of the deepest importance and if it commends itself to the judgment of the Synod, it would be well if a small select committee were appointed to co-operate with me in my communications with the Board and in the general supervision of our schools. Such committee might be called the Diocesan Board of Education, and it would be one of the duties of the Board to consider whether it might not be desirable to make some provision for afford- ing to the children of our own communion, in the vested School of the Board of General Education some opportunities of religious instruction under the clause in the regulations of the Board, which permits special religious in struction to be given before or after the usual school hours, and offers to make the necessary arrangements for that purpose. " Lay Agency. " And this, my brethren, leads me to say a few wordsuponthosubjoctof lay agency. Iftlusvalu able assistance is needful in the Church at home, much more is it necessary in our colonies, where the ordained ministers of religion are comparatively few in number, and many of them placed in charge of a pastoral district often larger in territorial extent than some of our English dioceses. Why should it be thought that the duty of the lay members of the Church is limited to the aims and oblations which they bring to the service of the Lord. They daily repeat the petition of our Lord's own prayer ' Thy kingdom come, and the coming of that kingdom is to be the object of their daily endeavor, as it is of their daily petition at the Throne of Grace. In our pastoral stations, which, of necessity, can only enjoy the quarterly, or, at the most, the monthly visit of the ordained minister of religion, if the offering of united prayer is to be set forth in God's sight as the incense and the lifting up of the hands as the evening sacrifice, we must return in some measure to the simplicity and sincerity of the patriarchal times, to the rude altar of Noah, to the place where the patriarch Abraham was wont to stand before the Lord, to the pillar that Jacob ' set up at Bethel.' If the lamp of religion kindled perhaps in our native land is not to expire in the bush, the owner or manager of the pastoral station must be now, what the patriarch was in the days of old-not the being only, but the priest amongst his dependents and in his household. Blessed be God, my brethren, that, in this diocese, I am indebted to many a true hearted member of the Church, who feels, whenever the necessity arises, that it is the duty of the layman to come forward to the assistance of the ordained minister of religion, not by consecrating to the service of the Lord their tithe only, or their habits of business as churchwardens, or their administrative talents the Synod, but by superintending and teaching in the day and Sunday school, and where occasion requires, in doing the work of an evangelist in conducting Divine service under the authority of the Bishop and the clergyman of the district. Nor will this employment of lay agency interfere with the due authority of a divinely commissioned ministry, whose functions are distinct from those of the laity and in- defeasible. The faithful discharge of those Christian offices which are within the compass of the faithful lay member of the Church, will but bring out into more distinct relief, the divinely commissioned functions of a duly authorised ministry. The layman may, with the sanction of the Bishop, conduct the soul-stirring worship of our Book of Common Prayer, he may road, and if found competent to do so, explain the purport of God's written Word he may, under the direction of the authorised minister, visit the sick and comfort the hard-hearted, but he cannot administer the sacraments, pronounce with authority the declaration of divine pardon to those who truly repent and unfeignedly believe the gospel ; he cannot bless in his Divine Master's name, or dismiss with the solemn benediction the congregation amongst whom he has ministered. " Conference of Bishops. " I have placed on the table for the use of the members of the Synod, copies of the minutes of the late Conference of Bishops. The Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, in inviting the 1 Bishops of Australia and Tasmania to take part in the consecration of the Cathedral at Sydney, invited us at the same time to take counsel to gather upon various matters affecting the well being of the Church, and we desire to commend the conclusions at which we arrived to the consideration of the Church in the several dioceses of the province. " The first subject then proposed for our consideration may be said, my brother, to involve the whole object of our Conference, which was to define the present relation of the Church of England in the province of Australia, or I might say, the Church of England in the colonies generally, to the Church at home, and to consider the best means of maintaining such relation, and we were unanimously of opinion that the relation of the Church in the colonies to the Church at home is one of identity of doctrine and worship, and of subjection to the law of the Church of England so far as it is applicable to a Church not established by law, and that that relation may practically be best maintained by a system of diocesan and provincial synods, by a common court of the peal, and by a council of reference. I have, my brethren, always been of opinion that, with a view to unity of organisation and of action in our several dioceses, it is very desirable that there should, in addition to our Diocesan Synods, be a general Synod for the whole province and if such should be the opinion of the Synod, it may be well, before the close of our session, that we should, by a resolution of the Synod, give a formal expression to that opinion, as was lately done by the Church Assembly of Melbourne in their annual session, I should be unwilling altogether to pass over although I do not think that it is necessary to dwell at any length upon-the 7th Minute of our Conference, which caused some anxiety amongst the members of the Church in the diocese of Sydney. It. appeared to be thought by some that that minute might press hardly upon the clergy, and interfere with the rights of nominators or patrons in the appointment of the clergy. I believe that this anxiety, in a great measure, arose from a misapprehension of the meaning of the resolution, and a forgetfulness of the existing law with regard to the resignation of curacies and incumbencies at home. On the law upon this subject I will give one short extract from the most recent edition of Mr. Cripps' practical treatise on the law rotating to the Church and clergy :-' No person appointed to a cure of souls can quit that euro, or discharge himself of it, but upon good motives, to be approved by the superior who committed it to him stand with regard to the meaning of the resolution, I may say that I considered it to apply, not to a clergyman receiving from a recognised patron or so 3rd of patrons a nomination to an incumbency, but to a clergyman applying to a bishop for ministerial employment in his diocese. " Report of the Select Committee appointed to enquire into and report upon the present State of the Administration of the Marriage Rule as it affects the Church of England in the Marriage of her Members. " The committee, in their report, call the at tention of the Synod to the inconvenience of the canonical hours, which are from 8 a.m. till 12 at noon, and to the high rate of flow for a license viz., Co 5s. and recommend that the Synod should petition the Government to lay before Parliament a measure to amend the present Marriage Act, with a view to remove some of the facilities which now exist for the contraction of hasty and ill-considered marriages, and to afford facilities for the prosecution of those who are guilty of deliberate perjury. It is enacted by the canon law of the Church that no clergyman, upon pain of suspension for three years, shall celebrate matrimony between any person without a faculty or licence granted by the Ordinary, except the banns have first been published upon three successive Sundays, and the marriage, after due publication or license, is to be solemnised between the hours of 8 and 12 in the forenoon, in the church or chapel, or usual place of worship, in the parish in which one of the parties to be married resides. The canon law and the rubric, with a view to the prevention of clandestine and ill-considered marriages, require the publication of the banns of marriage on three successive Sundays, whilst u power is vested in the Ordinary, having episcopal authority for issuing either an ordinary license, authorising the officiating clergy- man to dispense with the publication of banns, or a special license to remove the restriction as to time imposed by the canonical hours, and to permit the solemnisation of the marriage in some other place than the church or usual place of worship in the district in which one of the parties resides. But this power of dispensa- tion is, by the canon law, very carefully guarded as to the parties to whom, and the circumstances under which, such license should be grant ed. I do not consider that it is competent for a Diocesan Synod to abrogate or alter a canon or rubric of the Church, and in a new country where ill- considered, and I fear I must add, often unlawful marriages are attempted to be contracted, we should, I consider, be very careful how we in any way discourage the publication of bonus, and an objection which I entertain to the scale of fees recommended by the Synod, that whilst it lessens the expenses at fendant on a marriage by license, it increases the expense of a marriage by banns; it would thus discourage the due observance of the wise provision of the Church; and press heavily upon those who can least afford it-the newly arrived immigrant, desiring to take for better and for worse one who may share with him in the joys and sorrows, the hopes and the fears, attendant upon a settlement in a new country. I also consider that the requirement of the canon law that the marriage should be solemnised between the hours of 8 and 12 in the forenoon, was not only with a view to publicity, but with regard to the rubric at tho close of the marriage service, which says :-' It is convenient that the newly married persons should receive the holy communion at the time of their marriage, or at the first opportunity after their marriage, for if it has not positively forbidden, the Church has always discouraged the administration of the Holy Communion subsequently to the partaking of the chief meal of the day. What then would I propose, for I fully sympathise with the committee in their desire that the hours for the solemnisation of marriages should be extended, and the expenses diminished. I would recommend the continuance of the canonical hours wherever it is practicable to observe them, but I would give to the officiating clergyman a discretionary power of solemnising marriages at any time between sunrise and sunset, and I would accept the scale of fees lately adopted in the Diocese of Newcastle viz., Marriage by license On taking out a license, registrar's fees, £1 ¡ surrogate's fee. 10s. This too would, I consider, not be necessary when the application was made directly to the Registrar of the Diocese, and the necessary declarations made and taken before him. On solemnisation of marriage clergyman's fee (complimentary), in no case less than 10s. a clerk or Boston's fee, Bs. Marriage by banns On putting in hand for publication, 2s. 6d. on solemnisation of marriage clergyman's fee, 6s. ; clerk or sexton's fee, 2s. 6d. And if this or some similar scale of fees with the extension of hours which I have suggested, commends itself to the approval of the Synod, I shall be quite ready to provide and lay upon the table an amended code of marriage regulations, following the precedent of my right reverend brother the Bishop of Newcastle, when a similar desire was expressed by the Synod of his diocese. This action upon my part would not, however, ron der unnecessary the expediency of our petition- ing the Government to lay before Parliament a measure for diminishing the facilities which are afforded under the present Act for the contrac- tion of hasty and ill-considered marriages, and for affording greater facility for the prosecution of those who may be guilty of deliberate perjury. " Religious instruction to members of the Church being prisoners in the gaol, " Those of you, my brethren, who were members of the late Synod, will remember that the necessity for providing for the religious instruc- tion of the members of the Church who are prisoners in the gaol was brought before the Synod, by one of the lay members, and the Synod will be glad to hear that during the recess I have been able to make provision for the holding of Divine service in the gaol once on every Sunday, and for the pastoral visitation of the prisoners during the week. " I have trespassed somewhat at length, my rev. brethren and my brethren of the laity, upon your patience, but I cannot bring my address to a close without adverting to the progress of Church extension in the diocese. I am thankful to be able to say that during the past, year I have been able to supply a want which, since the withdrawal through illness of their late pastor, was severely felt by the members of the Church in the Burnett district, by the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Alkin. I have also been able to form a new district on the Darling Downs, with Leyburn for its control, by the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Joshua Jones, and to make provision for the spiritual wants of the morn bers of the Church at Gympie, and in that neighborhood by the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Campbell. My most pressing want at the present moment is that of a well qualified clergyman to undertake the pastoral charge of Copperfield and Clermont, with the surrounding district. Nor has the past year been unfruitful in church building. Considerable progress has been made in the new church at Warwick, a new church at Tingalpa has been consecrated, a church has been built and opened for Divine service at Gympie ; the foundation-stone of a new church at Toowoomba, and of a church upon Wickham-terrace, within the limits of the municipality of Brisbane, have been kindly laid by His Excellency the Governor. A church is about to be erected by the settlers at Oxley Creek, and a convenient Woodhouse for the resi- dence of the Bishop and his successors, with a chapel attached to it, has been provided by the kindness of friends in England. " Almost the concluding act of our first Synod which I was requested to forward to His Grace the Primate of all England, acknowledging with feelings of gratitude and respect the pastoral letter of the Archbishops and Bishops of the Anglican Communion, assembled at Lambeth, under His Grace's presidency, in September 1867, and the reply which I received from the Archbishop, I had hoped to have laid this morning upon the table of the Synod ¡ unfortunately I have, it would appear, placed it too carefully away, when I found that it was the last communication that I could expect to receive from our revered primate, and I cannot at the present moment place my hand upon it. I hope, however, to be able to do so, and to have it inserted in the report of the proceedings of the present session. Since that letter was written the Church of our fathers has deeply into it in of the loss of that truly wise and sagacious prelate, who, by God's providence, placed at the helm in troublesome and anxious times, tended much by his fatherly and prudent counsel to the safe guiding of the barque through many an opposing shoal. Often might that venerable prelate have been found, like Eli of old, by the wayside watching, for his heart trembled for the Ark of God ; but he now speaks to us, my brethren, from the unseen world, and with his pure and gentle spirit are the spirits of Iwo, who, in an especial manner, put forward the gathering of that great Con broncos, and tended so much, by their wise and prudent course, to bring it to a successful issue. The wisdom of the late Archbishop, in summoning that Conference, will long be felt by the branches of the Colonial Church, as they assemble in their diocesan and provincial Synods. The Metropolitan Bishop of Montreal, in British North America, and the Venerable Bishop, who with, so much prudence and sagacity presided over the Church in the United States of North America, and the much loved and deeply lamented Primate of the Church of England, all took an an active part in the gathering of that Conference, and conducting it to so successful an issue and now, though so brief a time has passed, they all speak to us, my brethren, from the unseen world, and what is the key note of their voice as it reaches us from that far off, and to us, unknown land ? ' What- soever thy hand (findeth to do, do it with thy might, for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave, whither thou ghost.' My brethren, may the Holy Spirit, who presided over the councils of the Church in the days of old, so with us in this our solemn gathering us before the Lord, and may the Holy Ghost the Comforter, who, given to the Church by the risen and ascended Lord, wish to abide with her for ever, guide us into that perfect peace of God which passeth all understanding." It was decided that the address should be printed. COMMITTEES. The following committees were elected : Elections and Qualifications Committee : The Rev. Messrs. Mosely, Matthews, Moffatt, and Messrs. Coxon, Tully, and Bramston. Standing Orders Committee a Archdeacon Glennie, the Rev. Messrs. T. Jones and Sutton, and Messrs. Peterson, Drew, and Johnson. REPORT OF THE DIOCESAN COUNCIL. The annual report of the Diocesan Council was read, and its adoption made an order of the day for the following day. It is as follows: "The Diocesan Council, in reporting to the Synod their proceedings for the past year, regret that they have to do so through the secretary of the Synod s for they found that, owing to an oversight the part of the late Synod, when passing the canon to regulate the election of synodsmen, they were prevented from acting as a body after the 25th of March, 1860 the day upon which the Synod of 1868 was dissolved according to the provisions of the 6th clause of the canon above-mentioned. The council would therefore recommend that the clerical members of the council, and such portion of the lay members thereof as may be re-elected to the Synod of 1869, should appear as an executive body during the ensuing session of Synod, until their successors are appointed on the last day of the session and in order to enable them to have the necessary powers for so doing, and thereby prevent any irregularities which might arise, the council further recommend that the Standing Orders be suspended on the first day the now Synod meets, with the view of passing through all its stages a short canon, declaring such clerical members as were elected to the council by the late Synod, and such lay members re-elected to the new Synod as were members of the council during the recess, to constitute the Diocesan Council during the session, any provision to the contrary notwithstanding. A draft canon to carry this into effect has been prepared, and forms Appendix A. to the report. Provision has also been made, in another draft canon, to prevent for the future, any such awkward contingency as is herein referred to. "2. The Diocesan Council have hold only seven regular meetings. And in connection therewith, they beg to report that, in the ah sense of any specific instructions to that effect from the Synod, they, at their first meeting, framed certain bye-laws for regulating the transaction of business, and, in fixing the number of their quorum, did carry out what they conceive was the mind of the Synod in that respect namely, that not less than two clerical and two lay members should form a select committee. The- council regret that, owing to the non observance of this regulation, so many of their meetings lapsed-the majority of them in consequence of the absence of a sufficient number of clerical members. But for this fact no doubt much more work would have been performed, The principal object which the Council have in view in drawing the attention of the Synod to this subject is that, when the Synod next proceeds to the election of the Diocesan Council, care may be taken to appoint such and so many clerical members, residing in or near Brisbane, as may render the recurrence of the circumstance above alluded to improbable. The regis tor of attendance of the members of the Dio- cosan Council is appended hereto. "3. The subject of religious instruction to members of the Church being prisoners in the gaol, having been brought under the consideration of the Synod, was one of the first matters to occupy the attention of the Council ; and the Council have much pleasure in reporting that arrangements have been made whereby Divine service is held once every Sunday in the gaol, and the prisoner visited regularly by the clergyman during the week. "4. The statistical returns asked for by the Synod have been collected, and are laid before you herewith. 5 The Diocesan Council regret to have to call attention to the fact that only two-thirds of the lay members of the late Synod have complied with the resolution of Synod, by which it was agreed that they should pay two guineas each on behalf of their respective congregations towards _ the expenses of Synod. The consequence of is that there is a balance owing to the treasurer, and some accounts still unpaid, amounting together to something over £10. The secretary, by desire of the Council, wrote to the clergy of the different parishes whose representatives had not paid, requesting them to draw their churchwardens' attention to the fact, but the application was successful in only one or two instances. " G. The only select committee appointed by the Synod to sit during the recess was one to inquire into and report upon the present state of the administration of the marriage rite, as it affects the Church of England in the marriage of her members in this colony. The Council now lay the report of the committee before the Synod (Appendix B). "7. As regards the preparation of business for the Synod. On the occasion of the first meeting of the Council, as has been already stated, a few by-laws were adopted for the due carrying on of the business. Those, having been very considerably enlarged and improved, are now presented to you in the shape of a draft canon to regulate the appointment and to define the powers and duties of the Diocesan Council. 18\. A sub-committee of the Council was ap- pointed to frame and submit for the consideration of the Council, canons on the sustentation of the clergy, the formation of parishes, and the appointment of clergy to parishes. With respect to the first of these, the committee did not enter upon the larger question, but prepared a draft canon for the establishment of 1 Diocesan Church Extension Fund, which the Council now lay before you. " 9. As regards the formation and division of parishes, the Council beg to lay before the Synod the draft of a simple measure which they believe will be found sufficient to accomplish the object sought in a canon on this subject. "TO, THE fliib-cominittoo before inonLionod, thinking that the question of appointing clergy to parishes might have been discussed at the Conference of Bishops hold in Sydney in Novom last, abstained from making any suggestions thereon. But as nothing was done by their Lordships in the matter, and as, moreover, the subject was deemed by the sub-committee to be of an urgent nature, and one that required immediate settlement, one of the members of the sub-committee has since prepared a draft canon on the subject. As the measure was brought in rather late, however, and as, moreover, several of the provisions therein contained were of an important character, the Council have to inform the Synod that they had northerners nor opportunity to deliberate upon the same; but the draft is novorthcloBB laid before you for your consideration. " 11. The Council now lay before the Synod the minute book of their proceedings, and also the pass book containing the banking account of the Synod. "E W. BuisiUNi:, Chairman. " Diocesan Council Chamber, Brisbane March 23, 1860." Rkoistrb ov Attendance of Memiiehs, 1868-9. The Lord Bishop, 12 ¡ Hon. John Bramston (commissary), 1 ; Ven. Archdeacon Glennie, 2 j Rev. John Mosely, 4 ; Rev. J. R. Moffatt, 5 ¡ Roy. James Matthews, lil 3 Rev. F. C. Jagg, 0 j Rev. J. T. Botting, O His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, li j Hon. Arthur Hodgson, 5 5 Hon. John Douglas, 9 ; Mr. L. A. Bernays, G S Mr. W. T. Blakeney, 13 Mr. W. H. Walsh, 2." Appendix A. " Draft Canon to Provide for the Constitution of a Diocesan Council during the Session of the Synod of 1869. " Whereas by the provisions of the ' Canon for convening the Synod, and for regulating the election of Synodsmen to the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland, it was declared thutjHio Synod elected during the year 1898 should be dissolved on to the twentyfifth day of March, 1869 : And whereas doubts have arisen whether the members of the Synod of 1868, elected by that Synod to form the Diocesan Council can, even when re-elected to the Synod, properly continue to act as members of the said council after the aforesaid twenty-fifth day of March, 1869 : And whereas it is desirable and necessary to make provision for the continuance of the said Diocesan Council in office during this present session of the Synod, and until such time as their successors are appointed : Be it there fore declared and established by the Bishop, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Brisbane, in Synod assembled, as follows: " 1. The clerical members of this Synod who were elected life members of the Diocesan Council by the Synod, during the session hold at Brisbane in the your of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, and such lay members of this Synod as were offered by the Synod aforesaid as members of the said Diocesan Council, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, the Diocesan Council of the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane, until their successors are appointed by this Synod, any rule or regulation to the contrary notwithstanding and such Council shall have all the powers and authority conferred on the Diocesan Council by the said Synod. " 2. The provisions of this canon bIibII continue and remain in force only until the last day of the present session of the Synod, and no longer." AOTIWDIX B. " Report of the Committee appointed by the Synod of 1863 to consider the desirability of amending Ilia Regulations affecting Maringa solemnised by Clergymen of the Church of England. " The duty entrusted to your committee was to consider the boat method of dealing with the restrictions in the present regulations respecting marriages, which induce members of the Church of England to Book the wonders of ministers of other denominations for the marriage rite. " The work of your committee has been very much simplified by the fact that, by the Synods of all the other Australian dioceses, the same subject has been fully and freely discussed. In these debates in other Synods, as well as by the unanimous opinion of your own committee, confirmed by evidence taken before them, the irregularity Bought to be remedied has been traced to two main causes, viz. : " 1. To the inconvenience of the canonical hours, which are from 8 a.m. to 12 noon 3 and "2 To the high rate of fees by license viz., £5 5s. " On the latter point your committee were unanimously of opinion that it was desirable to make it known that none of the services of the Church are any port of a monetary consideration. The recommondation of your committee is therefore to advise such charges as shall cover the actual expenses, and then leave to personal convenience and kindly feeling any acknowledgment of obligation for the service rendered by the minister. " To meet the actual expenses, the following scale of fees was thought by your committee to be most suitable and adequate, viz. j "Marriage by License: Burrogato, 10s, 6d license, 10s. 6d. a clerk, 4s. 9 total, 24 5s. " Marriage by Burns ¡ publication, 106. a clerk, 3s. 6d. a total, 13s. 6d. " As this alteration in the scale of fees would affect the income of the registrar, should the increased number of marriages by license not make up the deficiency, the Synod might adopt some system to supply such deficiency, as in their judgment may seem host. "Your committee have further to recommend that all persons living within a radius of six miles from any Church should be married in the Church, or, in the case of bush stations (where it is possible, in the room where Divine Service is usually held ; and that, beyond a distance of six miles, mileage should be charged by the minister who performs the ceremony, at the rate of two shillings and sixpence per mile for any distance beyond such six miles. " With respect to the first point-that relating to the hours of celebration your room ! mittee have to advise that the time be extended from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. during the months old I tending from April to August, inclusive, and from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. during the remaining months of the year. A chance in this direction has been sanctioned in all or nearly all the other Australian dioceses. "Your committee further recommend that, in case their suggestions are acted upon and put into force, it would be desirable to embody the same in a short canon, and to circulate the said canon in the various parishes and districts throughout the diocese, as much ignorance) exists amongst members of the Church on the subject. "Your committee cannot close this report without oppressing their regret that the present Marriage Act of the colony allows so many facilities for the contraction of hasty ill considered marriages and further, that it gives the authorities no opportunity of interfering and prosecuting in cases of well- known deliberate perjury. Your committee have therefore to recommend and urge that the Synod should petition the Government to lay before Parliament a measure to amend the present Marriage Act in the man nor proposed by the draft of a bill for that object which is appended to this report, for which draft they are indebted to the kind assistance of the Registrar of Births, Sea. " T. Jones, Chairman. Brisbane, March 12,19." addendum-dissentient. "I desire to record my opinion that banns, as they are not carried out in their integrity, should not be required of any, since they are a practical disability on the poor man, and no check against abuses the part of those who are simply able to pay for a license, and are therefore of no practical service, and prevent many in the humbler ranks of life from availing themselves of the ministrations of the Church. " William T. Blakeney." " NB-The draft bill alluded to in the above report of the committee on the marriage question, being a somewhat lengthy document, is not printed herewith, but will be laid upon the table the first day of the meeting of the Synod." The Synod adjourned at 6 o'clock, till 4 p.m., on the following (this) day. Order of' Business on Wednesday, May 26. The President will take the chair at <t p.m., and open proceedings with prayer. The Archdeacon will call over the names of the clergy. The Chancellor will call over the names of the synodsman. The minutes of the last meeting will be read and confirmed. 1\. Mr. W. T. Blakeney to move,-" That Charles Coxen, Esq., be elected Chairman of Committees of the Whole during the present Synod." 2\. Mr. SnoiiT to ask,-" (1) Who are many hours of the Church in this diocese P (2.) How are they known or distinguished from those who are not members of the Church ?" 3\. Mr. W. T. Bi.AKr.NLW to ask "Has his Lordship issued instructions to the clergy to cause collections to be made in their several churches in aid of synodical expenses, in accordance with a suggestion to that effect made by the late Synod ; if so, when such collections are to be made ?" Mr Suteb to ask,-" (1.) Will his Lordship the President inform the Synod whether any correspondence has taken place during the last your between himself and the authorities at the English Universities or other collegiate institutions, or the Propagation Society, with rod service to the supply of additional clergymen to the diocese? (2.) If so, will his Lordship have any objection to lay such correspondence on the table ?" 5\. Mr. Blakeney to move, - "(1) That a select committee be appointed for the purpose of preparing the draft of a trust deed for Bo curing the property of the Church of England and Ireland in this colony. (2) That the said committee consist of the following clerical and lay members The President, the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, Rev. John Moseley, Sir James Cockle, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, and the mover." G. Mr.SiiOBTloinovo,-"That in the opinion of this Synod it is desirable that the Act 8 William IV., No. 5, intituled an Act to regulate the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales, and the Act 21 Victoria, No. 4, intituled an Act to amend the Act passed in the eighth year of his late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled an Act to regulate the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales, and now in force in this colony, should be repeated that a select committee be appointed to prepare, subject to the approval of the Synod, a bill to be submitted to the Legislature of Queensland, to to repeal the aforesaid Acts, and to provide for that all and every the real estate on all churches, chapels, schools, ministers, dwellings, burial grounds, and glebe lands, and all other lands and hereditaments appertaining thereunto which are now held under the provisions of the said recited Acts on behalf of the several congregations under the spiritual superintendence of the Bishop of the diocese, or by trustees appointed under the said Acts, shall be transferred to the Diocesan Synod, or to trustees appointed by the Synod that the committee consist of the President the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, Rev. John Sutton, Rev. J. Mut Ihowa, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the Hon. J. Bramston, and the mover." 7 Rev. F. 0. Jaoo to asked) "What districts or parishes are represented in the pro Bout Synod? (2.) What qualifies a district or parish to return delegates ?" 8\. Rev. F. 0. Jane to move,-" That all returns rendered to the Synod be amended viz., from Easter, 1868, to 1869." 9\. Mr. W. T. Blakeney to move, "That the report of the Diocesan Council be adopted." Fob Tuesday, June 1. Rev. J. R. Moi'i'irr to asked.) "The names of the present trustees the Church of England Burial Ground, and what are their special duties. (2 How do the trustees ox pond the income derivable from fees ? (3.) Is it the case that, from certain surplus funds at their disposal, the trustees at any time made good the salary of the clergyman of St. John's, which was then in arrears ? " 