AMERICA. According to Amoncao papers, Gonoral Grant has oxpresscd himself strongly against tbo Alabama troaty. Tbo Now York Tribnno quotes tbe following, as "nearly" tbo Gene- ral'a own words:— "Tho trcntv is uniust to the United States because it assumes to mea sure injury inflicted upon this country by money, value of ships aotually destroyed, whereas tlio chief daraogo to, our oointncrco was in bur ships boing driven from the sea6 by Anglo;rcbcl pirates. In addition to this, tho sympathy extended by tho Kiiglieh Govern ment to tho South prolonged tbo war, at least, a yoar; ond for all lives lost and monoy ex pended for this tiuio England is directly rc sponsible. Tbo treaty proposes to sottlc all theso things by tj)o payment of tho paltry valuo of a few ships." Another version of tho General's words, somewhat different in form, but substantially tho same in effect, appoars in tho New York TimeB. Tho Now York Tribune of tbo 26th, in au editorial on tho aubjeot, says >— " Wo do not bolicvo tbo troaty on tho Ala bama claims, which Mr. Roverdy Johnson negotiated, over bad a ghost of a ohanco to pass' tho Scnato; but tho country will not tho i less rejoice in tho ovidenco afforded this morn ing that tho bead of tho next Administration shares the popular feeling couccruing it. General Grant takes tho broader viow of English liabilities, wbioh, uttoring only tho almost univor6al feeling of tho American peo ple, wb havo already enforced. No mero lists of ships actually destroyod by English-built privateers can covor our claims. The cora- morco of tho United States was swopt from tho seas by British agencies, and that is tho mea sure of British liabilities." To this tbo Times replies:— " No moro list/ says tho Tribune, 'of ships aotually destroyed by English-built privateers can cover our claims. Tbo oommcrco of the United' States was swopt from tho soa9 by British agencies, and that is the tncasuro of British liabilities.' Wo respectfully submit tbat such a claim as that cannot bo sottlcd by monoy, no matter bow large tbo amount. Tbo injury was national, and was attended by national isault as well as damage to our national commorco ; and thoro is no otbor way of TdSrb&sing; it but by war. If this is what is wantcd, why not say so at onco ? Why havo wo, wostod. thrco or four years in diplomacy ? Why has not Congress dono something in this direction, if tho Exeoutivo refused ? " A petition to tho Sonato against tho con firmation of tbo Alabama Treaty has beon placed at tbo Merchants' Exchange, Boston, for signatures. Tho petitioners say — "This so-oallod treaty proposes to put upon tho samo footing tho olaims by British suhjeots which havo arison under a disagreement in regard to ordinary forms of neutrality, and claims of our own citizons upon tho British Government for piracies committed by British-built, British- manned, and British-armed vessels, by vessels and armaniants which loft British ports uudor tho protection of tho British flag, QDd burned Amcrioun, ships. upon tho high sens without taking them into port for condemnation, and without any action boing takon upon tho part of tho', 'said British Government whoa theso atrocities wero laid before it to prevent tho samo, but, on tlcontrnry, tboso pirates woro ioverywbere received with rojoioings when visiting British. ports; aodwhon the notorious builder of ono of' tbem boastod of tbo same in tbe British Parliafrint— of which ho was a member— ho was rocoivcd with ohccrs and expressions of satisfaction. This shows, in the opiuioo of your memorialists, tbo animus of tho British Government towards tho Govern ment of tbo Unitod States." A sad fatality bapponod to a wedding party in Carmarthenshire on Tuesday, February 16. Mr. Thomas, a farmer, was married on that day to Miss Griffiths, tbo daughtor of a neigh bour. Tho party spent tho day: at Carmar then, and loft in a trap at about sovon in tho oveniog, tho night boing rainy and oxtrcmoly dark. When about half-way, tho horso sud- denly stopped, bccamo rostivo, and finally backed ovor an embankment into tho river Gwili, wbioh runs parallel with tbo road. Griffiths and his daughter, and a man named Evans, 'succeeded in gottlng out, but tbo bride groom was drowned, and his body was not recovered until tho noxt day. Tho grief of tho bride/ who was thus maid, wife, and widow, all in tlio space of eight hours, may bo hotter imagined than dosoribod. Crosbinq- Sweepeks. — A correspondent of a London paper sends tbo following " At a timo wbon London did not contain much moro than half of its presont population, tho lato well-known Mr. Alderman Waithman kopt a very large drapery establishment at tbo south east ond of Fleet-street, fronting also to Now Bridgo-strcot. I was personally acquainted with tbo alderman, and frequently saw him in his shop. Thoro was a man, apparently in a stato of absoluto destitution, who swept — and bad for many years— swopt tho crossinc to Ludga.tp Hill. Miss Waithman, out of pure compassion to this man, was io tho frcquont if oot daily habit of supplying him with soup and other moans of support; at length tho poor man .died, leaving her £7,000. Theso facts wore well known at tho timo, and I bavo no doubVaro stiir within tho recollection of somo few at least of tboso still living, of whom I am ono." The ' Mobile Rcgistor' says Southern plautors. .are bottor off to-day. than tbey wero beforo.tho war. They aro frco from dobt, and roceiviog. moro for their cotton than ever before. Formorly tbey wore always ono crop in debt, and belonged to their faotors. Now thoy bavo learned economy, and aro their own masters Anecdote of Pius IX. — Tho Pope's sonso of humour is proverbial io Rotno, and ho gave a good example of it tho otbor day to tbo corporation of bakers, wbo asked an audience of him, in ordor to rcmoostrato against tho new and excellent publio ovou established by Coloool Blumenstihl, and wbicb supplies far better bread on much lower terms to tbo people, being mado by machinery, and of corn bought wholesale aud 6old honestly This interference with tho dishonest gains of tbo Roman bakers, who have long enjoyed a monopoly, was of courso, although a great popular benefit, a grievous injury in their oyc6. "Holy Father," said the spokesman, " it is very hard on ub ; wc havo worked so long for tho public benefit." " It is quite true, my son," replied tbo Popo. " It is high timo you rcBted a little, and lot other pcoplo work." — 1 Tabloh' He who gets angry in discussion whilo his opi>oncot keeps cool holds the hot end of tho poker. Flash Reporting.— "Whether tho inferior courts of law in New York are conducted in a peculiarly frco and easy manner, or tbo report ing in tho daily nowspapors of that city has characteristics unknown to tho press of tho rest of the world, wo nro unablo to say ; but, after glancing at tlio columns sof what is gene rally regarded as tbo lending journal of that city, wo aro forced to tho conclusion that ono or tho other must bo tho caso. At tho Court of Gcnoral Sessions, held befora Judge Kelly, the judgo is mado to converso with tho prisonor io a way which must bo highly con- ducivo to tho growth of feelings of rcpublioan equality. Wc give tho report furnished of oue caso as a specimen. It is introduced with tho headingof " Pummelled a Dutchman," and runs thus " Mastor Gcorgo M. Huntington, a wiry-looking customer, sailed into a Dutoh- man who cnlls himself Horr Deikcr, ar.d gave him Jerusalem. ( Well, George, what is your opinion of tbo accusation ?' usked the Court. 1 It's my opinion that I trimmed tlio Dutch man,' responded the acouscd. ' Did ho hurt you much?' demanded tho Court of the com- plaiunnt, n stoutisb gentleman, n3 he entered tlio witness box. 'Yah, Shiulgo,' replied Doikcr; ' I kcet)9 a lager pier saloon, und dis man lie vnlks indo mo von I doles him do clear oud ov mine haus. Insdcnd ov toing so he call mo several big liddlo names, und ho gives mc tcr tuyvil, und I shweur so much ush novcr vosb, von a boliceronn gomes iu und dnkes dor man off do dor vutch haus. 'George/ said Judgo Kelly, ' tho Court is of opinion that yon should go iuto training for a month, so that your musclo may bo sufficiently hardened for youj next plug muss. Ono mouth in tlio geological department, George,' and tho defcudnnt retired to study." In this stylo, tho wholo of tho cases brought beforo tho court nro recorded dny aftor dny. Ono prisonor is sent by tho judgo " to onlnrga his know ledge of tho minoral kingdom ; " another to mako himself acquainted with " tho structure of tho oarth." A womau acouscd of assault ing an aoquaihtnnco is thus introduced " A flashily-attired, tall and musoular woman, big enough to kooek spots out of any ordinary- B:zod man, who runs under tho name of Emma Goss, but who is reported to be tho wifo or mistress of & professor of pugilism, was brought up to tho bull ring on tho grave eliargo of striking out from tlio shouldor and sending Mary Cotch into the middlo of next weok." Tho conversation of tho judgo, as reported, with tbo complainant is highly edifying, und might furnish a lesson to Sir Redmond Barry on occasion: — "You cotchcd it then?" re marked thoJudgo, vainly ondenvouring to got off a pun. " I did, your honour; I caught it right on tho faco." " In tho mug ? " " Iloro, under tho cyo, Bir." " Closed your peeper, ch ? '! " And mado my noso bleed, your honour." " Swelling your smollor ? " " Yes, sir." Tho reporter may bo answorablo for all thi9, and not tho judgo; but oven in that caso it is somewhat startling.— 1 ' Australasian.' On January 19, Mrs. Rimmcr was crossing a plntik to reach tho Cardiff schooner Mary Nixon, lying iu Bristol Harbour, when she foil into tho wator. Her husband, tho captain of tho vessol, plunged iu and tried to savo her, and both wero drownfcd. Sometimes vory serious oousoqucncos arlso from ignorant persons mistaking iron pyritso iur gum. au iiiuvnoau paper givus a lurciuiu illustration " Not long sincougrccn-looking countryman walked into tbo ofiico of Dr. C. T. Jackson, tbo cbcmist. ' Dr. Jnckson, I pro- sumo/ said ho. ' Yes, sir/ ' Aro you alono ?' ' Yes, sir.' ' May I lock tho door V and bo did so; and, after having looked hohind tho sofa, and satisfied himself that no ono olso was in tho room, ho placed a largo bundlo, douo up in a yellow bandanna, on tho tablo, and opened it,' Tbcro, doctor, look at tbat !' Well," said tho doctor, ' I sco it.' What do you call that, doctor?' ' I call it iron pyrites.' ' What/ said tho mon, ' isn't that stuff gold ?' ' No,' said tho doctor, 'it's good for nothing; its pyrites;' and putting somo ovor tho fire in a shovel, it evaporated up thochimnoy. ' Wal/ said tho poor follow, with a woo-begono look, ' there's a widdor woman up in our town who has a box full of that, aud 1 havo gono and married hor.'#" Of tho lato Lord Rodcsdalo, Chairman of Committees of tbo Houso of LordB, who was somewhat eccentric in his habits and quito indifferent as to his personal appearance, tho following story is told, which whether true or not, is too good to be lost:— "Tho other day a modest knock was hoard at tho door of a Bclgr&vian; mansion, and Jcamcs having finished tho fashionallo iutolligenco of tho ' Morning Post/ and allowod tho visitor to knock again, condescended to open tho door. ' Is Lord L — at homo ? ' said somo ono, who was instantly detocted by tho sagacious Jcamcs as somobody's ' hown man out of livery/ ' No, ho ain't at 'omc; hut I say, old fellar, don't go off in such an 'urry. Just run round tlio corner, will you, and fotoh a pint of 'alf-and- 'ulf.' Tho obliging menial did as lie was bid ; ran round to tho adjoiniop publio houso, and spcodily.ro appeared bearing a pot of foaming porter. ''Avo a drink, old obop?' said Jcamcs, whoa ho had slackened his own thirst. ' No, thank you/ said tho visitor ; ' I don't drink so early in tho morning, but I'll tnko the pot baok, if you'll allow mo; and, by-tho- way, just tell your master when bo returns tbat Lord Rcdcsdalo called/ " A Canny Scot— A podlar in tho ITiglr lands having ruu short of buttor, applied to a farmer's wifo for & supply. " IIoo mucklo div yo waut ? " said sbo. " A puo will do said tho pedlar. " I canna uiak yo a pun," ro- " Weel, what weight hiv yo?" said tho ped lar. "Two pun," said tho woman. "And what is tho woight ? " said tho man. " Oh, it's just tbo tongs." " Wool/' Baid ho, " put bo leg in tho scale, ond tbo titbor oot, and that'll bo a pun'." Tho woman did so, ns requested ; but whon it was weighed sho looked doubtfully at tbo buttor, aud said, " It looks a mucklo pun'." " Oh, it's all right, woman," said tbo pedlar; ." how much is it ? " " A saxpenco," was tho reply, which tho ped lar paid, aud deported rather hastily, lest tho good womau might sco her mistako. A grumbler oxplaios tlio prcsont system of raiBiog rovenuo os follows " Now, you see in tho first place, they git tho amount of a feller's business. Tbat is first taxed. Then tbey find out all about bis profits,- and on tbat tbey lay their tax. They then manago to get somo tax oo what be owes. Next; comes what they call income, and that's taxed. Then, if anything is left, tho preacher calls around and gets it to sostaio the cbuich and convert tho hculbcu." 