NEWS AND NOTES. Six of the new Ministers have been returned and two defeated. Mr M'Lellan, who is to be either Post master General or Minister of Mines, has yet to appear before the electors of Ararat, and it is said that he will not be opposed. As the prophecies of utter defeat have proved ridiculously wrong, the sham liberals are now declaring that the Ministry will be at once scouted by the Assembly, and be compelled to resign. The wish, we suppose, is father to the thought, and another specimen of the varied wild imaginings with ■which we have been favored of late, for nothing can be known as to what course will be taken by the Assembly. The late Mr John Ahrens, sergeant in the third company of the Ballarat Volunteer Rangers, _ was buried on Sunday, in the new cemetery, with military honors. As in addition to his connection with the volunteers, he was also a" Freemason, he was accom panied to his last resting place by members of the order, and buried with their usual ceremonial. The funeral moved from the Orderly-room of the Ballarat Volunteer Rangers, two hundred men of all ranks being in attendance on the Parade-ground. Captain Sleep, in whose company the deceased was, had the command, and out of his company a firing party of twelve privates and two non-commissioned officers was told off. The. funeral did not, as had been proposed, move to St. Paul's Church, where it had been intended that the burial service of the Church of England should be read over the body by the -Rev. R. T. Cummins, but proceeded up Sturt and Lydiard streets to the new cemetery; the Masons of the Yarrowee, St. John's, Orion, and Sebastopol Lodges, immediately following, and after them the firing party, with arms reversed, the band playing the Dead March. A very large number—we should say five or six thousand persons—accompanied the funeral to the grave. The Masonic Burial Service was there said over the re mains by the Rev. — Russell, chaplain to the Masonic Lodge; after which the usual three volleys were fired with beat of drum by the firing party. The volunteers marched backed under the command of Captain Smith. It was really painful to listen to the sounds of disturbance which were created during the burial by the crowds of hobbledehoys who accompanied the funeral. They clambered on the trees and broke down the branches, also breaking the shrub3 of the cemetery and everything else breakable, and in the midst of the most solemn part of the ceremonial a boy was being pelted while sitting on a branch only fifteen yards distant from the grave by nearly a hundred others scattered around, cheers being kept up all the time, only interrupted at last by the first volley from the firing party. We saw at least one policeman on the ground, but no interference was attempted. In addition to the officers we mentioned as being in command going and returning we noticed as present— Captains Musgrove and Johnstone, Adjutant Green field, and Ensign Ivey. We have received two letters commenting on the disgraceful conduct of the youths and men present, and it is certainly high time that energetic steps were taken to secure decency, if not to ensure order on such occasions. We understand that at the funeral of Sergeant Ahrens yesterday, a slight dispute occurred between the senior officer Captain Smith and Captain Sleep, who took command on the way to the cemetery. On the return Captain Smith resumed command, and while in that position some expression is said to have been made use of by Captain Sleep, which his senior officer threatened to report to head quarters. Constable Ahern, an old and respected member of our police force, died very suddenly on Sunday morn ing. On Friday Ahern left duty at a quarter to five o'clock in the afternoon, apparently in his usual good health. He arrived at his home at seven o'clock in the evening, and after complaining of a pain in his bowels, went to bed. At nine o'clock he felt much worse, and Dr Clendinning was sent for. No im provement took place in his condition, and on Satur day morning Dr Clendinning thought it advisable to send for Dr Whitcombe. It was then found that Ahern was suffering from severe inflammation of the bowels, and he received proper treatment, the medical gentlemen visiting him several times during the day. At about five o'clock on Sunday morning Mrs Ahern ran to the Eastern lock-up and got Constables M'Cor mack and Eagan to go home with her. They found Ahern sitting, as if in intense pain, on the side of Ins bed. He grasped Eagan by the hand and died in a few minutes. The deceased was an old member of the police force. He was a member of the Dublin City Police force, and after coming to this colony joined the Portland mounted force in 1853. At Portland he obtained the rank of first class sergeant, and it was chiefly through his services that was brought to justice the man Waines, who was hanged for the murder of two persons named Hunt at Glenelg. In 1861 he joined the Melbourne City Police and was afterwards removed to Ararat, where he was reduced to the rank of constable. He was transferred from Ararat to Ballarat four years ago, and during his stay here made a great many friends both in and outside the force. The deceased man, who leaves a wife and two children, was perhaps the tallest man in the force, as he stood 6 feet inches in height. Superintendent Hill has given instructions for the police to meet at the station at three o'clock this afternoon to attend the funeral. Mr E. Curtis will address the ratepayers of Ballarat East this evening, at the following places:—Brown Hill, Bradbury's hotel, six o'clock o'clock; Red Bull hotel, Humffray street, seven o'clock; Lancashire hotel, Black Hill, eight o'clock. A meeting of the trustees of the public reserves was called at the Ballarat East Town-hall, and adjourned to the Buck's Head's hotel, on Saturday last, Mr George limes in the chair. Mr Nettell was appointed as secretary pro tern. It was resolved to ask permis sion from the Government to let or lease the reserves at Mount Buninyong, Mount "Warrenheip, and the Lal Lal and Moorabool, with a view of realising funds i for the purpose of fencing, planting, and beautifying the same. It was also resolved to ask the Board of Land and "Works for a tracing showing the reduction on the Lal Lal and Moorabool Reserve, and the pre- sent extent thereof; also to ask for a portion of the grant-in-aid for fencing public parks and reserves. Frogs are undoubtedly animals of curious habits. The poetic spark was kindled in the bosom of Mrs Leo. Hunter by the sight of a frog that had sought out a log as the proper place to give up the ghost, and wo have another story of a frog that allowed his gallantry to carry him into the crop of the " jolly white duck;" but it is almost impossible to imagine that a party of over twelve lively members of the frog species, in good condition, should select as their home such an out of-the-way place as a broken quartz reef 460 feet underground. There is no doubt, ho^vwel', about the matter, for on Friday afternoon a party of men, at work in the western drive of the "Win ter's Freehold Company's claim, were astonished at seeing some moving objects in a broken quartz reef. Upon examination it was found that over a dozen live frogs were among some stone that had just been picked out. The animals seemed to enjoy the change of air, and hopped about in most lively manner, until caught by the men, who soon secured the lot in billies and other vessels that were at hand. The frogs are of a brown color, with black spots. Mr A. T. Morrison, manager of the company, has not had a view of any of the frogs, but as he has been promised a few of them, they will no doubt soon be on view at his office. The novel and interesting ceremony in connection with the Ancient Independent Order of Oddfellows, styled, "The degree of Rebeckah," was performed in the Town-hall, Sebastopol, on the evening of the 7th inst. The ceremony was conducted by D.D.G.M. Br J. Stevens, assisted by the following officers:— P.G. Br Judge, V.G.; P.G. Br Watson, J.G.; Br Kennedy, W.; Br Howard, Con.; Br Wilson, Chaplain. Br Towzer presided at the harmonium. There were present fifty-four members of the order, including a few visiting brothers from Ballarat, noticeable among whom were D.D.G.M. Br Davis, and: P.G. Br Dow sing. Five visiting Sisters of Rebeckah, from Ballarat, were also present. Twenty ladies received the impres sive rite, and many others were prevented from at tending in consequence of the inclemency of the weather. The large and Bpacious hall brilliantly lighted, the Bplendid regalia of the officers and mem bers, together with the emblems of the order neatly ' arranged about the hall, presented an appearance not easily forgotten. Independent of the privileges of this degree it tends to satisfy to a certain extent the curiosity with which the wives of Oddfellows are prone to enquire into the mysteries, and to induce them more fully to assist their husbands in the fur therance of that grand object, viz., to encircle the globe in one universal bond of brotherhood. We are requested by the secretary of the Orphan Asylum to acknowledge the receipt by him of the sum of £45, in aid of the funds of the asylum, from Messrs T. and S. Learmonth, being the annual sub scription of £25, and £20, a portion of prizes gained at agricultural shows. St. Andrew's Church, Sturt street, is not a very old building yet, but it has an unpleasant aspect of dila pidation in some places. The slates of the roof are loose in several places, and some have fallen down. The coping of the buttresses has no plaster or cement ■ to keep out the rain, and there are several wet joints about the eaves of the clorestry as well as the lower. roof, the result being an appearance of decay which is rather odd in a building not only comparatively new, but still unfinished both in front and rear. Messrs Lewis and Morres sat in a private room at the Land Office on Saturday morning, but the business transacted was or a departmental character, and of no public importance. The eleventh annual exhibition of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held on Wednesday and Thursday next, at the society's yards, near Lake Wendouree. The officers of the society were busily engaged all day on Saturday, and up to a late hour, in receiving and classifying the entries which are very numerous. "When it is remembered that the splendid sum of £1072 is to be awarded in prizes, it will be seen that the society, true to its old renown, is determined on keeping the district among the foremost one3 of agricultural and postoral fame in Victoria. The show of stock promises to be excellent, and in the list of miscellaneous things there will be several interesting novelties. In the implements and machinery class, there is a goodly array of entries also, and all that is wanted now is good weather to ensure the most gratifying success. Over 2000 entries have been made, including 121 in the implement and machinery class. With the exception of one judge of draught horses, to be appointed by the Carisbrook society, the following is the completed list of judges for the exhibition:— Class A—Draught Horse Stock—Messrs James Ander son, Geelong; and William Hodge, Kyneton. Class B and C—Thoroughbred Stock and Hackneys—Cap tain Standish, Melbourne; and Messrs Hurtle Fisher, Melbourne; and James Johnson, Ballarat. Clas3 D —Neat Cattle—Messrs Robert Scott, Buninyong; Stephen Holgate, Mount Bolton; and J. Ware, Yalla-y-Poora. Class E—Sheep (Merino)—Messrs Angus Robertson, Mount Emu; W. R. Scott, Challi cum; J. Cumming, Terinallum, Darlington; William Armstrong, Hexham Park. Long-woolled and Cross bred Sheep—Messrs Thomas Brown, Yallock Yale; Robert Hood, Merring, Hexham; Thomas Axford, Ballarat. Class F— Swine—Messrs W. S. Cox, Mel bourne; John Cleaver, Glendaruel; L. Mountjoy, Gee long; audDrC.W. Coates, Kingston. Class G—Poultry —Messrs Wm. Appleby, Clunes; E. Trenerry, Ballarat; and Frederick Everingham, Ballarat. Class H—Dairy Produce, Hams, Bacon, &c.;—Messrs R. Tunbridge, Ballarat; John Bryce, Ballarat; and George Burgoyne, Ballarat. Class I—Implements—Messrs William Matthews, Coghill's Creek; John Graham, Ballan. Class J—Machinery—Messrs James Sinclair, Geelong; William Thomson, Kyneton; and J. Parkin, Smeaton. Class K—Plants and Fiowers—Messrs William Ap pleby, Clunes; James Richmond, Learmonth; and Daniel Crocket, Carngliam. Class L—Colonial Wines, &c.;—Rev. J. J. Bleasdale, D.D., Melbourne; Messrs R. Le Pop.r Trench, Ballarat; and A. Lewers, Cres wick. Class M—Dogs—Messrs C. Lamont, Ballarat; D. Bantock, Smeaton; John Cole, Learmonth; W. J. Arnolds, Ballarat; Alick Taylor, Buninyong; and Dr C. W. Coate3, Kingston. Class N—Buggies—The judges of machinery conjointly with associate judges to be appointed by the committee in the show yards, will act as judges in this class. Mr Alexander Kelly, on Saturday, sold by auction the right to occupy the publicans' and confectioner's booths at the annual show of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society. The No. 1 publican's booth was sold to Mr Airey, of the Atlantic hotel, for £65. The No. 2 publican's booth, was sold to Mr Fox, of the Royal Mail Hotel, for £58, and the confectioner's booth to Mr Dunning, of Sturt street, for £15. The attendance was large, and the competition pretty good. A carter, named Joseph Simpson, employed by Mr Scrase, of the Napier Brewery, was driving, near Smeaton, on Saturday, when one of the wheels got into a rut. The jerk threw Simpson from his seat, and one of the wheels passed over his left leg, of course breaking the bone. The man was removed to the district hospital. It i3 notified in the Government Gazette that the rolls of ratepaying electors for the shires of Stawell, Colac, and Ararat, the road districts of Alexandra and Bungaree, and the borough of Ballarat West have been declared valid, notwithstanding unavoidable mis feasance, &c.;, in the preparation, transmission, or print ing thereof. The following appears-in Friday's Government Ga zette:—" With reference to the notification contained in the Government Gazette of the 3rd ultimo, relative to a sale of certain Crown lands to be held at Ballarat on the 15 th instant, notice is hereby given that lots 5, 6, and 8 have been withdrawn from sale." There was a moderate attendance at the Fine Arts Exhibition Concert on Saturday night. The pro gramme was a pretty good one, and Miss Liddle, Mr Margetts, and the little Misses Downey seemed to please the audience as well as ever. On Saturday, at the Reservoir hotel, Smythesdale and Ballarat road, Mr Thomas Hopper, district coroner, held an inquest on the body of Adolph Detlef Frederick Susemihl, who had, as reported in Satur day's issue, been found dead in his hut, near the re servoir at Haddon, on the previous day. Dr Barker, of Smythesdale, who made the post mortem examina tion, gave evidence showing that the deceased had been poisoned by opium, and that there was as much opium in his stomach as would have poisoned six men. Mr Henry Reitze, butcher, Smythesdale, gave evidence, showing that when he called at the de ceased's place on Wednesday the deceased was alive, but that on calling again on Fridayon his usual round he found the deceased lying dead on the stretcher. Constable Allen gave evidence showing that when he first searched the deceased's hut he looked to find poison, but did not get any; subsequently, however, when the deceased's stretcher was being lifted for the purpose of removing the body to the hotel to await the inquest, he found an opium bos containing some opium. It also appeared in evidence that the de ceased's habitual melancholy chiefly arose through his apprehending misfortune. The letter that was left by the deceased for Mr Henry Alpen was written in German, and the translation was as follows:—"Dear Alpen, — In the firm belief that you will fulfil my last request, I address these few lines to you. Give my property, without the in terference of the Government, to the rightful heir, and take care that my relatives will not know that I have not died a natural death. Now fare you all right well, and forgive your unfortunate A. Susemihl. Give notice to Henry only after my funeral." The jury returned the following verdict:—" We find that the deceased Adolph Detlef Frederick Susemihl was found dead in his hut, near the reservoir, Haddon, on 8th October, 1869; we find that he died from poison by opium taken by himself while in a sound state of mind." The deceased was about 40 years of age, and a native of Mecklenburg Schwerin. The coroner directed that the remains of the deceased be interred late in the evening of that day. Only a few of the deceased's acquaintances followed the corpse to the place of interment, the cemetery at Scarsdale. On Saturday, at the Reform hotel, Haddon, Mr Thomas Hopper, district coroner, held an inquest on the body of Charles Jeffrey, who, as already reported, had been killed on the previous afternoon in the Reform Company's mine, at Haddon. But few fresh particulars were adduced at the inquest, the evidence merely showing that the deceased and his mate were opening out a drive from the main drive, when a fall of earth took place, and the deceased, who was caught by the laths, was overwhelmed and suffocated. The body was recovered about an hour afterwards. Dr Jordan, who had been called to the case, had stated ! that death had taken place through suffocation, and a verdict to that effect was returned. The deceased, who was 28 years of- age, was a native of Brixton, Sussex, England, and had been 12 years in the colony. No blame was attached to the company, as there was plenty of timber for the using; but some of the jurors inclined to think that it would have been safer for the deceased to have used a false set in opening out. * The show of the Glendaruel society bids fair to surpass all previous at Clunes. The committee are exerting themselves to the utmost in order to make it a complete success. The yard has been considerably enlarged, and new stalls for horses, and pens for cattle of all kinds are nearly erected. From the increasing population of Clunes, and the increase of fanning in the neighborhood, liberal support is anticipated. The majority for Mr J. T. Smith in West Bourke is now officially stated to be forty. A boy, named Thomas Guest, about five years old, whose parents live at the Red Strsak, Creswick, while playing with an axe on 8th October, accidentally chopped off three fingers from his right hand. On Sunday morning, about six o'clock, a man named Pilkington called at the Nugget hotel, Smythesdale, and asked for Dr. M'Cann. Mr Stod dart called the doctor, who, on examination of Pilk ington, found that he had sustained serious fractures of the nasal bone and other injuries about the face. The doctor put the bones in apposition, and rendered such other surgical and medical services as the man required. He stated that he had been playing cards at a hotel at Scarsdale, and had gone outside when a man threw a stone at him, smashing his nose a8 already described. The man is likely to be dis figured for life. Dr. M'Cann visited him twice on Sunday and rendered supplementary services. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes—" The ad vantages of membership in benefit societies in cases of sickness or accident, appear to be much greater than persons not connected with such institutions would imagine. During the last quarter Court Royal Foresters, No. 4272, Piggoreet, has had from three to five members receiving each an allowance £1 per week. And not only is succor of this kind given, but the large-hearted brotherly feeling which actuates the members prompts them to condole with each other in affliction. A few weeks ago a miner named Matthew Clemenson got his eyes severely injured by the explosion of a shot in the Galatea's Company's mine, at Scarsdale, and he was removed to the Mel bourne Infirmary. But, although now thus out of reach of ordinary visiting by the members of his own Court, their sympathies, nevertheless, have not failed to follow him in his sufferings as a resolution has been passed by the court requesting the United Melbourne district to kindly give its attention to the case." Our local correspondent writes:—" The election to fill the vacant seat in the representation of the east riding of Iliponshire, took place on Saturday at the Man of Kent hotel, Snake Valley, Carngham, Council lor Forrest actiug as returning-officer. The candidates were Messrs James Qreig and T. R. Oddie, and the voting was as follows:—Greig, 237; Oddie, 155; majority for Greig, 82. Mr Greig was declared duly elected. After the declaration of the poll both candi dates addressed the electors, Mr Greig returning thanks for having been placed at the top of the poll, and Mr Oddie thanking his supporters for what they had done. A vote of thanks was passed to the return ing-officer, on the motion of Mr Greig seconded by Mr Oddie. Once during the day there was a strong likelihood of a serious fracas taking place; but the intervention of some peaceably disposed friends pre vailed, and a quarrel in which, doubtless, a large num ber would have been involved was thereby fortunately prevented. After the poll was declared, however, there was some quarrelling, and on the way home, as I am informed, a man named John Box, a resident of Preston Hill, through a quarrel, got his leg broken. Dr. Nason was called in the case. Another person engaged in the quarrel is stated to have been very severely injured in the face." An influential meeting of inhabitants of West Melbourne was held on Friday night in the Literaiy Institute; the mayor in the chair; and resolutions were passed to the effect that it was dangerous to the inhabitants of the districts for patients suffering from infectious diseases to be lodged in the building used as an hospital in Bourke street west. A deputation was also appointed to wait on the Chief Secretary with the view of having the patients at present in the hospital iemoved to the Royal Park, and to prevent the future use of the building in Bourke street as an hospital for the reception of contagious case3. The rainfall for October, as noted at the Survey Office, Beechworth, was 3"36 inches; the supply for little more than five days being nearly equal to the entire quantity that fell during the months of August and September. Should the present weather continue, fears are entertained that floods will take place in many localities. Already the waters are out on the Wodonga flats, and the traffic between the two colonies has to be conveyed by means of boats. The Adelaide Register says that at 7.5 a.m. on Fri day, 1st October, a rather sharp shock of earthquake was felt at Gum Creek, near Kooringa. It was expe rienced at the same time at Wildoto, about ten miles north-east of Gum Creek. The barometer fell from 29"G0 on Wednesday night to 28*80 on Thursday night, and continued at this point all Friday; but after the earthquake it began to rise. News by the last mail speaks of Commander Norman, of H.M.C.S. Yictoria, being actively engaged in connection with the ironclad ram Cerberus, shortly to start from England for Melbourne. The gallant officer's position as the representative of the Victorian Government in respect to the ram is fully recognised by the Admiralty authorities, and he is called in and consulted upon all matters relating to the ship. "We learn with regret that his health is not good. The largest and most destructive fire that has oc curred for some years in Geelong broke out early on Saturday morning at the rear of the premises occupied by Mr Turner, photographer, Moorabool street, Gee long. The fire-bell gave a loud alarm a few minutes after two o'clock, and the lurid glare of the fire soon caused a large crowd to congregate around the scene. It was at once seen that all attempts to save the pre mises of Mr Turner, photographer, Mr Coade, boot seller, and Mr Pearson, jeweller, would be useless, and attention was directed to getting out the stock. This was done most effectually, and of the goods very little was destroyed. Mr Bray's shop was at one time actually on fire, but was saved by the exertions of the Geelong Fire Brigade and the bystanders after all the stock had been removed. The most serious part of the disaster, however, is the burning of Mr Bartlett's shop. From this but little was removed—merely the contents of the windows we believe—and the whole of the valuable stock worth, it is said, £10,000, was burnt. The shop of Mr M'Callum, confectioner, was half burnt and half pulled down to prevent the flames spreading to Quiney's Olive Branch hotel. Fortunately this large brick building interfered and prevented a further spread or there is no knowing where the fire would have ended. As it is, the premises of Messrs M'Callum, Bartlett, Pearson, Turner, and Coade are all utterly destroyed, and Mr Bray's drapery stock and premises have suffered to some extent. The whole damage probably amounts to from £15,000 to £20,000. All the losses, we believe, are more or less insured, Mr Bartlett, the largest sufferer, being guaranteed to a large extent by the National Company. Mr Pearson's valuable stock of jewellery was nearly all saved. At four o'clock on Saturday morning the fire was still burning, although subdued. 