RANDWICK SFBTNO MBBTIHQ, 1869.-Tattersall' Rooms were crowded last ovening by the sportini community, all earnest in theinterost they take in thi forthcoming important meet. Barbarian, hither!' first favourite for the Derby, appeared to have consider ably fallen baok in popular estimation, and the inevitable yellow and black is in the ascendant; whils the Fop and Lamplighter are ooneidered. most favour ably, The new rooms of Tattersalls Club are to bi inaugurated this evening, and a dinner is to be par taken of by the elito ef turf aristocracy-it« member hood; Never was p. raoe-meetinc; at Randwick lookei forward to with greater interest than that which i now eo close at hand. NAVAL BASQUE?.-The publie dinner to Commande: Thornton and the officers of tho U.S.S. Kearsargo i fixod for Monday next Tiokets may be obtained fron Mr, Ebsworth, at the Exchange, up to Friday after noon. TnE NEW POLICE REGULATIONS.-Two deputation waitod on tho Chief Secretary to- day with reference t< the new polios regulations. One deputation was fron Young, consisting of Mr. Alexander, M.P. ; Mr. Neale M.P.; and Alderman Kippax. The other was fron Tambaroora, consisting of Mr. W, Church and twi other gentlemen. Tho Chief Seoretary, in replying ti their requests, said that he declined, to alter the regula tiona in any way. THE ALLEGED ARSON CASES.-In the cases of the two Ryans and Mrs. Tucker, who were committed for trial for arson, alleged to have been perpetrated in the Mudgee district, and who were to have been tried a the ensuing Bathurst Assizes, we are authorised to state that the Attorney-General has decided to proceed no further against the parties, on the following grounds :-That, after the verdict and express finding of the jury, and the remarks of the Judge who tried the late civil notion of Mrs. Tucker against one of the insurance companies for payment of insurance on the property which was the subject of this committal, he did not consider that it would be right to prooeed with the criminal charge, seeing that that action ocoupied a considerable length of time, implying a very full and patient investigation of the same questions, sub- stantially, as arise in the criminal charge; and that, as the facts and witnesses must have been the same, and as the jury distinctly exonerated Mrs. Tucker from the charge of fraud which constituted the defence in the action, and the Judge publicly announced his opinion to the same effect, it would be a very strong measure to try the matter over again before a Bathurst jury on the other side of the Court. The Attorney General was also, he said, bound to take into con- sideration the fact that Mrs. Tucker and her brother had already been brought up for trial, and that the case was postponed at the ínstance of the Crown, and at great cost to the defendants, LEOIUBE ST Mn. ALFBED CANE.-A very interest- ing leoture waa last night dolivered by Mr. Alfred Oana at his schoolroom, Stanley-street, Wooloomooloo, A large number of persons were present, and hie Worship the Mayor ocoupied the ohair. He denomi- nated his subject " Dainty dishes set before Emperors, Kings, Lords, and Commons." Tho leature was a description of the various artiolos of animal food considered dainties by savago and civilised nations, both ancient and modern,- Tho majority of the delioaoies particularised by Mr. Oano, however, were such as are certainly appreomted by none but the nations to whom they aro peouliar. euoh for instance as the dogs, cats, earthworms, ceo,, devoured by the Chinese; tigers consumed by the Hottentots ; horse and donkey fiosh considered luxuries npoa tho Continent, and human flesh much approved of by divers Bavaga tribes. Mr. Osne'a leoture indicated a large amount ot research on the subjeot, and was interspersed by many amusing aneodotes, whioh, with the light and fluent manner in whioh it was composed, sustained the interest of the aadienoe throughout, At its termination, a vote of thanks to Mr, Oana was carried by acclamation. POLITICAL,- A deputation, consisting of about a dozen gentlemen, of different religious denominations, watted upon Mr. Riobard Hargrave last Tuesday, at the New England Hotel, for tho purpose of inviting him to stand as member for New England at the forthcoming general election.. Mr. Lewis Markham wes spokesman on tho occasion, and after a long dis. aussion it was agreed not to press Mr. Hargrave for his immediate answer, but to allow one month to elapse for the purpose of his woll considering the matter be- fore coming to a final deoislon.-Armiiolo Telegraph. THE LAND ACT.-Meetings of free seleotors for tho purpose of taking steps to petition the Government to allow the money now paid as interest on tho balance of purohase money ef selections to be carried to the credit of the seleator, as part payment of the principal, and to impress upon the Government the necessity of allowing tho seleotor to pay off his indebtedness to the Grown in instalments, and oleo to consider other matters concerning tho Land Aot which havo already been disonased by meetings of freo seleotors in other Sarto of the district, aro to bo held at Gerogery, indera, and other places near Albury, PUBLICAN'S' LICENSES,-A supplement to tho Government Gazette was iesaed last night, containing a return from tho Treasury of tho publioans' lioenses whioh have been issued for the year, commencing 1st July, 1860, and ending 80th June, 1870. The total issued appears to be 1945, whioh should yield a revenue I for the period of £58,350, without reokoning the separate fees for bagatollo and billiard licenses. Tho number of liconsod persons in the various distriots aro as follows:-Adelong 7, Albury 24, Armidale 10, Balranald 4. Bathurst 18, Berrima 17. Bingera 2, Bombala 9, Braidwood 52. Bourke 14, Bullook Flat . (Oberon) 1, Burrowa 14, Camden 6, Campbelltown 8, Oarooar 25, Casino ll, Cassilis 7, Dooma 10, Ooona baraban 8, Coonara bio 8, Corowa 0, Cowra 1, Denili- quin 32, Dubbo 28. Dungog 5, Elen 12, Emu Greek 20, Forbes 29, Glen Innes 6, Gosford 5, Goulburn 63, Grafton 80, Gulligal 1, Gundagai 22, Gunning 1, Gunnedah 8, Hargraves an i Windoyer 18, Hartley 84. Hay 21, Invoroll 6, Kiama 8, Kiandra 4, Liverpool 4, Macleay 4, Maitland 61, Monindio 8, Merriwa 5, Moama 4, Molong ll, Moree 1, Moruya 9, Moulamoin 3, Mudgoo 29, Murrumburrah 1, Murru- rundi 16, Muselebrook 14. Newcastle 69, Nundle 14, Orango 82, Parramatta 87, Fatorson C, Penrith 17, Pioton 3, Port Macquarie 2, Port Stephens 5, Queanbeyan ll, Kaymond Terraoo 4, Bookley 2, Byde 1, Rylstone 7, Boone 12, Shoalhaven 9, Singleton 20, Sofala 18, Stony Creek 8, Sydnoy 633, Tambaroora 9, Tamworth 19, Tenterfield 8\. Timbarra 3, Tuena 3, Tumbarumba 1, Tumut 18, Uralla 6, Urana 1, Wagga Wagga 85, Walcha and Bendomcor 3, Walgett 10, Warialda 17, Woo Waa 10, Wollington 12, Wentworth 18, Windeor 22, Wingham 7, Wollombi 0, Wollongong 18, Yass 24, Young 24. DISTRICT OorroT,<-Business for This Day.-8481, Poshley T. Oockbum (patt heard); 8514, Htophens v. Donovan; 8515, Arthur v. Palmor; 8516, Smith v. Amor; 8527. Golden v. Lahoy; 8576, Magben v. Kidman ; 3577, Giles and wife v. Swanton. BBPOBTID Munnin ST TUB EnnouinaiANB. Provioas ' to the departure of tho barque Anna from Tanna (South Sea Islands), a report had reaahod thero to tho efieot that the mato and ono acaman of a trading barque (tho name of whioh did nnt transpire) had boon murdored by tho natives of Brromsoga, while thoy wore attempting to land in ono of tho ship's boats, NEW MUSIC.-Mr. H, W. Loveday, who ovldenl'y possescds tho requisito "spoculativo turn of mind'' essential to enablo him to toko advantage of the popular thing of tho day, has composed a pieoe of mnsio "ThoTommy Dodd Galop,* whioh ia likely to ba oomo a farourito at quadrille assemblies until the publio fa inducod to go-in for sorao othor sensationsl oddity. It ia .oiontlflcally sot, and, without any extra- ordinary effort at embellishment, is exceedingly well got op. THB A LB ÜBT FEKB IIIBBABT.-At the lost meeting of th» Borough Council of Albury, Alderman Lowie Jones, on behalf of tho oommhtoe of tho proposed Free Library, announced tbe gratifying nowa that a beginning ot the library bad aotually bean made by tho reoeipt of a grant of Government printed papera, Aots of Parliament, and other usofnl publications for roference, Some of (boto Government papers, says the Banner, extend over a period of several years, and will be an acquisition in this almost Victorian town, where people are not as well informod as they might bo on matters relating to New South Wnlos and its Govern ment. WESI-UYAK OnuncB, PIT TOWN.-Tho foundation stone af the Wesleyan Church, Pit Town, Hunter district, was laid yesterday afternoon, by J. B Win- ship, E?q., manager of tho A. A Company's colliery: According to the Newcastle Ohroniolo thero was a large attendance, there being about four hundred persons present. Of tho clergy there were in attend- ance-Rev. Hr. Hurst (chairman of tho district), Rev. George Martin, Rev. J A. Nolan, and Rev. T. J. Pepper. The ohapol is to be a neat, brick building, capable of holding about two hundred persoos. Mossie, Laing and Wylie are tho contractors for it-Aorowded tea mooting WBB held in tho Schosl of Arts, in the evening - tbe chair being ocoupied by Mr, Winship Addresses were delivered by the Revs. G. Hurst, G, Martin. J. A, Nolan; and MoB«rs. Lough and J. Dixon. The following sums woro raised :-Laid upar tho foundation-stono, £25; proaeeds of tea, £22 ; col- lection and subscriptions at tea meeting, £23-total £70. VITAII STATISTICS.-Tho Rogistrar-Goneral's reporl oh tbe vital statistics of Sydney and suburbs, for the month of July, 1869, has been published It appeari that tbs number of births registered in Sydney durine the period was 251, viz,, 148 males and 106 females, being 23 above the average of the corresponding monti of the previous fiveyeare,andl37 in excess ot tbedeathi of the month, which numbered 117, viz.. 60 malos anc 57 females, being IO below the monthly quinquennia! average. The proportion of local diseases to aggregatt deaths was unusually hoavy, being 46-15 per cont distributed amongst the first six ordors of tho OISBS viz,, of tho nervous system, 17; organs of circulation ll; respiratory system, 15; digestive organs, 0 urinary organs, 1 ; and generative organs, 1. Miasmatic diseases boro a proportion of 22*22 per cent. In thc municipal divisions of the oity, Bourke Ward, with £ per oentage of O dO, stood highest (from the Inflrmarj and Hyde Park Asylum, which aro situated in thii ward, 10 deaths were recordad ), tho others in the fal lowing order: Phillip, 0-28; Brisbane, O'20¡ Cook, 019, Gipps and Denison, eaah 018 ; Fitzroy, U'14 ; and Macquarie, 0'13, Fivt deaths were attributed to violent oaueos, viz., n male, aged 6 months, and two females, respectively agod 8 years and 2 years and 9 months, from burns ito. ; two males,. of tho ages pf 43 and 37 years, from fractures, ¿¡c. The infantllo mortality was at tho rat< of 4102 per cent to total deaths, and 3'87 above the average of tho flvo preoeding yoara. Tho highest reading of tho thermometer in tho Bbado, OB registered at the Sydney Observatory, was 68'8 on the 15th, and the lowest <40'5).on tho 31st ; the greatest rango ol temperature (25 5) on tho 15th. Tho prevailing direotion of wind was W.NW; Greatest amount ol humidity (990) on tho 19th ; leoBt(35 0) on tho 2nd, Greatest rainfall (1'20 inches) on the 19th. Number, of days lightning, 2. Tbe total number of births in each of the registry districts forming tho metropolitan division was 468, viz.. 264 males and 204 females. 1 The total mortality was 205, viz., 109 males and 06 females. The highost poroontago of deaths to the population of each district was in Paddington, whore it stood at 0 39. In Redfern and Botany the por. oentago was 0 28; at Balmain 0,27, and at the 3Heb< 0'23. At Sydney and St. Leonarda tho porosntago wai 0'20, at Concord and St. George 012, and at Newtown ;oo9. I PBIKOK OP WAMS Orara HOUSBJ-The '* Corsican j Brothers" was repeated last evoning at this theatre i the house being very fairly ocoupied by an attentive I and enthnelastio audience, a number of gentlemen i from the dress cirale availing thomselvea of the invi- tation given by the management to join in thc festivities of the bal-macque, whilst that exoiting scene was on. The play ot Mr. Oaarles Hall as the fatalist twin-brothers of tho Vendetta family was really admirable. In the very many exoiting positions in which during the play he ia found, his noting was quite gentlemanly and earnest, and in tho last scene, where he confronts tho duellist murderor of his brother, in the forest-of Fontainbleau, he brought down tho house- In eve'iy rospeot tho acting of Mr Holloway as Chatoau Renaud waa also the conception of tho author. His mako-up was tho beat bo hos attempted for some time; and «¡thor in tho bal-mosque or at tbe place of fight he represented the Parisian liber- tine with great vigour. Of course these are tho two groat parts in the play ; but those subservient to them were all ably filled in. The ghost eoenes were effec- tive, the traps working with mnrvellaua effeot, and the tableaux and soenery completing an entertainment of tho highest dramatio order and deeply interesting throughout. Tho celebrated Wieland Troupe followed, and their feats were most exoiting.' The aorohatio feats sf Motors. Franz Wieland and Magelton, the Bingle trapeze of Mr. G. Loyal, and the Niagara leap of Messrs. Loyd and Magelton quite equalled any. thing of the description that has bean econ heretofore in Australia. The crystal pyramids and feats of equilibrium of Mr. J. Wieland quite astonished tho audlenos, who vero loud in their applause; whilst the oharmiog dancing of. Mesdames Lenta and Florenoe was greatly admired. Thc spectacular ballet, "The Devil, or the good fairy Gentille," by tho Wieland Troupe, terminated ono of tho very best pro- grammes that baa been put forward this season. The whole entertainment will ba again givou this ovan» ing. PASTORAL-According to the Armidale Telegraph, lambing in tho Now England distriot will commence osrljr next month, and tho sheep on mott stations are looking remarkably well. The charge for shearing this yoar is fixed by tho squatters at Riverina, and somo other plooes, at 15j. per 100 fleeces, and wo learn there is a likelihood ot the squatters of Now England agreeing to adopt a similar scale. Looking to the prosent frightful depression iii the wool trade, tho mind becomes prepared to hear of all manner of re- ductions in station management Many are only just beginning to learn how to manngo their stations econo- mically, snd are Betting the pruning-knifo to work in earnest, especially in the way of labour. What is wanted now ia somo inducement held out to encourage woollen manufactures in tho colony, fer itbeoomos a "serious quostion to consider whether it will pay to send wool to Europo at tho present low rates. LrvEBPoor..-An entertainment of a most pleasing character, consisting of songs, duets, recitations, and Ethiopian eccentricities, took placo in tho long room of Ibo building formerly known aa the Old Terminus Hotol, OE Monday . evening. Thero oould not have been lees than three or four hundred persons prevent, tho room being densely orowded-numbers having to be. turned away from tho doors. Tho pro- gramme-a very lengthy one-was gone through in a style croditable to all oonoernod, mere especially the lady vocalista, and it would bs invidions to assign tho Eremier .position to any one person, where all did their est, and succeeded so well. Tho proceeds, we under- stand, are to be devoted 'towards raising a fund to build aPublio school hero, and no doubt a very handsome sum was realised for this most laudablo pur poso. A vote of thanks, carried by general acclama- tion, was accorded te the chairman (Alderman Woods), who, in acknowledging tho .compliment paid him, stated that in oonBequcnoo ot - tho numbers who had been unable to gain admirion, .tho entertainment would be repeated this (Taesday) cvoning. . The National Anthem terminated thia, the most successful entertainment ever given in Liverpool.-Correspondent. LocKTA-nr xx ABIÉLDALE,-Tho Telegraph, in fur- nishing tbs dotails of the late aooident at Armidale, remarks tbat the melancholy termination would not have resulted if the advios of the modiaal man attend* lng the sufforer bad been adhored to. It appears that tho unfortunate dscoosed was a youth of tho aga of eighteen, named Jaoob Hilliard, and whilst engaged in j soma manipulations with; : a ohaff-outting maohlne, reooived a sovere cut on tho hand, lacerating it in no smáll degree Tho wound was examined by Dr. Bed- ford, who felt oompelled to amputate tho thumb) and though enjoining that ordinary cara should bo taken of thoinjurod member, and recommending extremo quiet, apprehended no further serious consequences. For nearly two years aftor thia Billiard, suffering but slight inconvenience, was about tho plaeo pursuing his ordinary avocations ; but towards, tho ond of last week, symptoms of tetanus appeared, and on Friday the poor lad began to suffor great pain, which continued unabatod until Sunday morning, when, in tho moat excruciating agony, ho breathed bia last. Tho dooeased Was a nativo of England, and during a reeidenoo of twelvo years in this district, had always onjoyed the reputation of being an indus trio us lad» 