As ACCIDEsT.-On Monday last Mr. Lang, formerly of lieathcote, now residing at Spring Creek, was thrown out of a cart and suffered a fracture of one of his arms and other serious injdries. MINING.-The Old Race Course reef is looking as well as ever. Messrs. Tipper and 1Williams are very badly off. for water, they are however pushing the sinking of the main shaft, and hope in a few weeks to be able to raise sufficient from the mine to render them independent of rain for all purposes connected with the mine. Parker Brothers claim is looking remarkably well. The rush on the Kilmore road is still turning out pretty well, and though a large nucher have been dullered out application for claims on the road are still being niade to the ]Borough Council. Mr Carpenter has purchbaed a claim at Redcastle, from which some splendid antimony is being raised. The ground is considered very valu able, and we are sorry to hear that it is likely to form the subject of a dispute in the Court of 1iues. The talented troupe of .ifessrs. Stanley and Holmes played " East Lynne" and the farce of the " Ghost," to a very appreciative if not a large audience, at the Heathcote hotel, last night. FIRE AT C(STERFIELD.-Qn Sunday morn ing, about half-past three o'clock, the inhabi tauts of Upper Costerfield were aroused from their slumbers by the cry of fire. Some men who had been at a place on tlhe Spring Creek road, where they had spent the night, had just returned to their hilt at Costerfield when they saw the house over the winding engine at the Costerfield Company's Works on fire. They gave the alarm, and in a short time the whole of the people of Costerfield were on the spot. As a matter of course the building in which the fire originated was irrevocably devoted to the flames, and as it was im possible to get near the burning structure while the fire was at its height the whole of the men on the ground exerted themselves untder the direction of Mr. Field to prevent the spread of the flames to the large engine, battery shed, and the wood piles. All hands worked heartily, and had the satisfaction of confining the fire to the place where it origin ated, and as soon as the roof fell the men set to work and threw a continuous stream of water on the burning mass, with a view to save the engine and engine " horses" ast much as possible, and we are happy to say that they were highly successful. In a very short-time the continued stream of water reduced the ruins to a steaming mass of charred timl,er. During the fire the steam in the boiler was up and escaped at all available points. The heat had destroyed all the paclking, but al though the engine is not quite so good to look at just now, we are glad to learP that it is not injured to any great extent. 4As soon as the fire was out and before the place had time to cool, the wreck was cleared away, and in less than twenty-four hours from the time of the fire the winding engine was again started and the usual work of the mine resumed. TnE PRESBSYTERIY TP.A MEETISO.-On Tuesday last the annual tea meeting in con nection with St. Andrew's Church took place, and like its predecessors it was a most un qualified success. A laudable spirit of rivalry among the ladies who gave the tables pro ducel a very nice result, a combination of taste and profusion. The large number who attended to do justice to the good things of the table taxed their resources pretty severely; no less than 250 sat down to tea, after which addresses were delivered by the Rev. J..Ballantyne, from Melbourne, and the local ministers. The church was crowded to excoss, the speeches were good, and the audi ence delighted. ACccrnse.Ts.TION.-The sparrows released hera by the Borough Committee. appear to be increasing rapidly, but they seem to be much attached to the locality in which they are bred, as they are seldom seen outside Mr. Shadforth's garden, where we hear they are to numerous to please the owner. We hear that an Engli h thrush made its appearance is the Hospi a.rden last week. A VERY NARROW EscAPE.-On Monday afternoon, as Mr. Von-der-Luft was driving in the neighbourhood of Mount Ida, accom panied by .11rs. Watson, a lady on a visit from sandhurst, a branch of a tree fell just as they were passing, one end of the branch struck 1Mrs. Watson's parasol and broke one or two of the ribs. The branch was so-large and heavy that Mr. Von-der-Luft is of opinion that it would have killed either himselt or his fair companion had it unfortunately struck either with its full force. SMr. HoDnsos's EARTHQUAKE.- We have often heard of people singularly favored with .a view of brilliant meteors and other startling and interesting phenomena, but we never heard before of any individual monopolizing a whole shock of an earthquake, but strange as it may appear Mr. Hodgsun has had an earthqua.ke of his own, and as Mr. Hodgson is the only person who felt or rather heard the shock we are of cou.se Qompelled to depend on that gentleman for a description of the interesting visitation. Mr. Hodgson says that at about half-past nine on Friday night last, as the members of the Choral Union were practising aeiections froom "Judas Macabs~us," he distinctly felt the shock of an earthquake, which, he says, sounded like distant thuuider. The choir had just finished a selection, and the leader Mr. Alsop, stepped off the platfornm, wet to the door, and opened it, as he tho.;ght he heard some opened no one was there, Mr. Hodgson then one knocking, it turned out when the door was made known that an earthquake had just taken place i one or two of the choir thought the sotind heard by them was produced by a coach passing the door, one suggested that the applause lately indulged in at the aboli tion of State aid sgeeting had got under the platform and was unable to escape, or that the echoes of Mii. Hodgson's powerful voice became entangled with the rafters and startled the owner of the original with the awfiul rumbling produced.. \Ve are happy to state that no damage was done to any lr'operty in the neighbourhood. 