MISCELLANEOUS. " MABY/' said an old farmer to liis daughter, wlion she was once asiiitift him to buy her a new dress, " why doost thou always tease me about such things when I am quietly &mokin;# my pipeP" " Be cause ye aro always best tempered then, feyther," was tho reply. "I beliove, lass, thou'rt root," rejoined tho farmer, "for when I was a lad 1 remembered my oor feyther wna just tho samo. After e had smoked a pipe or twee, ho wad ha' given his head away if it had been loose," THE QUEEN'S NAME.-The baptismal names of our present Queen were Alex andria and Victoria. Aloxandrina was meant bv Georgo the Fourth to be tho future title of our English Queen, the future fashionable name in noble and gentle houses. The Hon. Miss Murray says;-" It was believed that the Puke of Kent wished to name his child Eliza beth, that being a popular namo with the English people; but the Prince Regent, who was not kiud to his brothers, gavo notice, thnt ho should stand in porson as one godfather, and that tho Emperor of Russia was to be another. At the cere mony of baptism, when asked by tho Archbishop of Canterbury to namo tho infant, the Prince Regent gave only the name of Alesnndrina ? the l)uko request ed that one other name might be added .Give her the mother's also then} but,' he added, 'it cannot precode that of the Emperor.' The Queen, on her accession, commanded that she should bp proclaimed as Victoria only." A CHADDED SERVANT RIGHTLY SERVED.-u lievenge," says the proverty " is sweet." Difforent men have different ways of showing it, My friend Brown's ! way is harmless and humorous. Two Joneses live next door to each other, and having to call on one of them, Brown, of oourse, went to the wrong house. A crabbed servant answered the bell, and on Brown's asking, " Is this^ Mr. John Jones's!" she replied snappishly, as if she had been bothered with many such inquiries, " No, it ain't," and slammed the door in his face. Brown walked on a few hundred yards or so, when a bright thought struck him. Ho returned at once, and rang the same bell again. Again the crabbed servant appeared. " Who said it was P" asked Brown triumphantly! and instantly walked away.-CasneU's Maga zine. f AN Irishman made a sudden rush into I a druggist's shop, took from his pockct a soda-water bottle filled with sorao liquor, and handing it across the counter, exclaimed "There doctor, snuff that, will you P" The " doctor" did, and pro nounced the liquor to bo genuine whiskv. "Thank you, doctor," said the Irish man; "hand it to me again, if you please." The doctor again did as directed, and asked what be meant P "Och, thin," said Pat, " if you will liave it, the priest told me not to drink any of this unless I got it from the doctor 1" " JOHN, whore is Africa P" " On the map, sir.'' " I meant on what continent the eastern or western continent P" * Well the land of Africa is in the eastern continent, but the people are all of 'em down South." " How do the African people live P" " By drawing." " Draw ing what-water P" " No sir, by drawing their breath." " Sit down, John.' " Thomas, what is the equator P" " Why, sir, it is a horizontal pole running per pendicularly through the imagination of astronomers and old geographers." " Go to your scat, Thomas." " Wm. Stiggs, what do you mean by an eclipse P" " An old racehorse, sir." " Silence." " Jack, you are a scholar-what is an eclipse?" "An eclipse is a thing which appears when the moon gets on a burst, ana runs against the sun; consequently the sun blacks the moon's face." Schoolmaster looks like thunder. Class dismissed. VAcciMATioN.-'l'he Lancet learns from Dr. H; Blanc, who has made personal inquiries upon the subject on the Conti nent, that experimenters abroad seem to be convinced of the superiority ofthe mode of protecting the human subject against small-pox by transmitting to him cow-pox direct from the heifer, and that animal vaccination is now generally encouraged in Paris, Brussels, Naples, fllaiseilles, and other placcs, on that account. Dr. Lannoix, of Paris, has already inadp, with general success, more than 40,000 vaccina tions on this plan. One powerful reason adduced in favour of the animal vaccina tion is the possibility of obtaining at any time an al uudant supply of good lymph on emergencies. In a few days the in habitants of a town could be vaccinated and re vaccinated in BO short a time, and on such a scale, if necessary, as to admit of the possibility of mastering an epidemic whicn even threatened to be serious. THB APPLICATION or Dar EARTH TO FISTULOUS WOUNDS.-Mr. G. A. Oliphant, V.&, Royal Altillery, writes us that "having observed an extract from the Lancet in our last issue, respecting the application of 4 dry earth' to wounds, and having recently given trial to it, he sends a short notice of the case." About a month ago Mr. Oliphant was induced, at the suggestion of a mcdical friend, and also, a9 he says, having had experience of the use of dry earth for sanitary purposes in India, to give trial to the agent in a long standing case of" poll evil," in whioh only partial success had resulted from his pre vious treatment. " After a few days' application of the earth, the discharge, which was before thin, dark-coloured, and foetid, became less in quantity, more of the character of laudable pus, and perfectly inodorous. The wound also began to fill with healthy granulations," Altnough the cure is not yet complete, Mr. Oliphant has every reason to hope that such will soon be effected.-Veterinarian for June. As a specimen of the Viceroy of Egypt's ideas of providing for his guests' entertain ment, it may be mentioned that he sent 20,000 bottles of claret on board the yacht in which the Prince of Wales and bis suite ascended the Nile. THEBE is a rumor that Mrs. Abraham Lincoln is about to marry a German Count. Tim PRINCESS op Wales AND THE FASHIONS.--There is no doubt that we owe much in matter of dress to the Princess of Wales. Not within the memory of living man has there been a costume prevalent among English girls so admirably adapted fur the display of youthful figure as that we have now. It is altogether an excel lent style of dress, artistically fine, and capable of admitting that play of fancy in detail which prevents any costume from becoming monotonous. We do not include of course, the camel- humped gown, which some women arc now bent on exaggerating into the most ludicrous proportions; but the ordinary dress with its tight-fitting body, its plain front, its train-skirt, and its tight sleeves, although it is likely to lose its charming simplicity and neatness by the introduction of sleeves slit up to the elbow and falling down from that point. Now this dress, and its modifications, we owe chiefly to the Princess of Wales, whose remarkable good taste is shown in almost every article of attire she wears. To put the point briefly, siuce the Princess of Wales came to England, the fashion ol ladies' dresses, so far as that has been allowed to move within certain limits, has devoted itself to the development of cos tume appropriate to young, instead of to married women. And it is muoh better that English fashion, following the example of the Princess of Wales, should incom mode a, cel-taiti proportion of middle-aged women by the introduction of a costume specially fitted for girls, than the English fushion, following the example of the Queen, should prescribe a form of dress in no way suited to those for whom pretty costume should specially be designed. Once a Week. A PBKSRNT FOB TUB SDLTAW.-" M. Sala, a celebrated coach maker," says a Milan journal, " has completed a magnifi cent State carriage, ordered by the King of Italy, and destined to be sent as a pre sent to tho Sultan. Bronzed lanterns of rare elegance, are attached to the corners of tho vehicle, and all the< carved orna ments are of the highest finish." SEBASTOFOI».--I had often inquired about Sebastopol and its condition since the siege. I was generally told that it had undergone but little improvement; but I confess I was not prepared for the ruinous condition in which I found it. It is even more em phatically a city of ruins now than it was when the Allies entered it in September, 1855\. As we passed into the harbour I heard a Russian on board the steamer re marking mournfully, with a sigh, " Sevas topol est mort." The white'crumbling walls looked like the ghost of this dead city as wo approached it. Only a few houses have keen repaired, and are now inhabited. I asked a Russian ii he thought that one house in four had been renovated. His answer was, " If you said one in ten you would be nearer the truth." And further inspection showed me that this estimate, if not correct, only falls short of the truth. Some quarters are as desolate and solitary as Thebes or Baal bee. There is scarcely a living figure to be seen, but a few cows grazing in the grass-grown streets, or a sow, followed by a progeny of pigs, wandering about Sebastopol. Fort Nicholas and Fort Paul cannot be called ruins, they are but mounds of rubbish. It is the same with such places as the site of the houses which stood in the rear of Redan. It is to the town proper, where any walls are yet left standing, that we can apply the word " ruin." A curious event bas taken place since the war which strikes everyone who enters Sebastouol. A colossal statue has been crected" to Admiral Lazaroff. It is of bronze, and nearly 30ft. high, on a pedestal of black marble, which adds nearly another 30ft. to the height of the whole. It stands on the broad esplanade in front of what we called the " White Buildings," which were the Marine Barracks, and it looks over the harbour and the town. Sebostopol waa the work of this man. It was his energetic ability which created the place, and built the fleet of the Black Sea. It was the purpose of the Crimean war to destroy what this man had spent his life.in building and organising. That purpose was ac* coinplished, and it has now a curious effect upon the mind to see that great black statue of him standing in the midst of ruins. The barracks, dockyards, and other establishments of bis design are seen all round hitn in tbe relics of their destruction.-Prince of Wales' Tour. LOUD ABERDEEN.-LB Figaro tells an anecdote of Lord Aderdeen and M. Guizot apropos of the subject of elections, which is just uow one of much conversation in France. M. Guizot was walking in the park of Haddo-house with Lord Aberdeen. All at once the English statesman stopped him before a cottage of very modest appear ance. " There," said he, " is a small house, which recalls to my mind a great shame of my political life." uAn act of violence P" asked Mr. Guizot. 41 Judge you-I had there a cottager, a fine fellow, but horribty annoying, who in every election conflict never lost the opportunity of opposing me." a Did you turn him out P" " No : but I re duced his rent by one guinea." Thus dimi nished, the small farmer was no longer an elector, and could no more annoy the noble lord. THE AMERICAN WAR.-The impost on stamps, or, in other words, the Stamp Act, may be Baid to have originated this un natural and impolitic war, and which com menced at Lexington in 1775, The fol lowing is a specimen of the feeling which animated the Americans at that day. When Patrick Ilenrjr, who gave the first impulse to the American revolution, intro duced his celebrated resolution on the j$tamp Act, in the House of Burgesses of Virginiq, he exclaimed, when descanting on the tyranny of the obnoxious act, " Cfflaar had his Brutus; Charles the First his Cromwell; and George the Third---" " Treason !" cried the Speaker, " Treason, Treason 11" echoed from every part of the bouse. It was one of those trying moments which are decisive^ of character. Henry faltered not for an instant; but rising to a loftier attitude, and fixing on the Speaker an eye flashing with fire, exclaimed, "may profit by their example. If this be treason make the best of it T' It is said, that George the Third manifested an unbecom ing impatience relative to the declaration of wur against the Americans; and that when the American Commissioners for the geace were presented to him, he said, " I aye been the last man in my dominions to accede to. this peace, wnich separates America from my kingdom, [ will be the first man, now that it is made, to resist any attempt to impugn it." LOTTERIES.-The first lottery is .said to have been drawn A.D. 1569. It consisted of 400,000 Jots, at ten shillings each lot; the prizes were plate, and the profits were to go towards repairing the havens of the kingdom. It was drawn at the west door of St. Paul's cathedral. The drawing began on the 11th January, 1569, and continued incessantly drawing, day and night, till the 6ih May following, as Miiit land, from Stow, informs us in his History, vol. I., p. 257. There were then only three lottery-offices in London. The pro posals for this lottery were published in the years 1567 and 1568. It was at first intended to have been drawn at Mr. Derick's, her Majesty's servant (i.e. jewel ler), but was afterwards drawn as above mentioned. The first State or Parliamen tary lottery took place in the year 1709, and from that time down to 1823 they were annually licensed by Act of Parliament under a variety of regulations. During this century government constantly availed itself of this means to raise money for various public works, of which the British Museum and Westminster bridge are well known examples. But, at the commence ment of the present century, a great repug nance began to be manifested in Parliament to this method of raising the public reve nue, in consequence of the spirit of gam bling which it tended to fosterin the great body of the people. So that the govern ment, in the year 1823, consented to the entire abolition both to state and private lotteries. No less than £128,000 has been voted this year for keeping up the parks and plea sure grounds of London, The present Bishop of Exeter has occu pied that see for a longer period than any one ol his predecessors for 500 years. THE estimate for the Empress Eugenie's journey to the Easthnfl been made out. It comes to £96,000 sterling. It is estimated that fully one-half of the 30,000 miners of the whole anthracite region in America are on strike. # A new Hampshire magistrate has de cided that language which does not embrace the name of God is not profane svyearing punishable by law. A new popular Notional Anthem in wanted for Prussia, and it is stated that the Princes Royal has asked Sir M. Co3ta to undertake the task. In a sermon preached at the Brompton Oratory, Archbishop Manning stated that there are more Catholics in London than there are inhabitants in Rome. TUB Brindioi route appears to prow in favour with English travellers. Forty- eight were on board the steamer whiuh arrived at Brindisi from Alexandria. A LADY in Detroit has obtained a divorce on the ground that her husband used un kind language to her, and compelled her to black his boots. 