GENERALS. On Sunday last, Mr. Brackenreg, the mail agent, accidentally fell off the coach at Muswell brook, aud received serious injuries by the wheel of tho vehicle passing over his shoulder. Tho Muswellbrook Monitor of Saturday states, upon the authority of a correspondent, that gold has been found in several of tho hills around that township. Mr. Scott, Police Magistrate of Tambaroora, yesterday brought to tho Herald Office a num ber of precious stones, among which woro thirty or forty that havo been pronounced to bo dia monds. The latter appear to bo valuable gems, varying iu sizo from a pin's head to a largo sized pea. These stones are obtained in the Mudgoe district. Tho Sydney Gas Company has reduced its price to 8a. Cd. per 1000 feet. The evidence in tho Daphne caao, before tho Vice- Admiralty Court, has not yot boon con cludod. Tho captain of tho schoonor Snowbird, which was burned at sea, is on his passage from Clove - land Bay, and will, on arrival at Sydney, bo p,laeed--in the dock on a charge of conapiracy. The Melbourne Argus has tho following :— Tho abstract of the estimated population of Victoria, for tho quartor ending tho 30th of Juno last, as furnished by the Registrar-Gonorul, i^ivos tho total population at G96,1C1, there boing 391,140 males, and 305,015 fomale3. During thu quarter tho gain to tho population, by tho excess of births over deaths, was 3988, viz., \S)fi maloB, and 2175 females. Tho gain, by excess of ar rivals over departures, 2035, viz., 1489 males and 1146 females. The 'total gain was thore jlu^u, yy^u, via., uou.£ umitia uuu di-^i lUIIllllUB. Tho Glen Innes correspondent of tho Armidale Express, says : — Spring is ' coining on us vory fastj indeed ; we fear that it is one of tho ^ajty ones wo have for some time o^po^onoecl, in, ou^r district. Slight frosty are, appavo'ut iu tl{e morn ings, but vegetation is going on rapidly. Since my last roport we hayd had lioth'ing in tho sliapo ofrain, and if this dry weather, with splendid s\innydays, keeps up much' longer, ' there is a, bad prospect for the lambing season. Sedastopol. — I had often inquired about Sobastopol and its condition since the sioge. 1 was generally told that it had undergone but little improvement ; but I confess I was not prepared for the ruinous condition in which I found it. It is even moro emphatically a city of ruins now than it was when tho Allies entered it in September, 1855. As wo passed into tho harbour I heard a Russian on board the steamer remarking mournfully, with a sigh ' Sevastopol est mort.' Tho whito crumbling walls looked like the ghost of this dead city as wo approached it. Only a few houses had boen repaired, and are now inhabited. I asked a Russian if ho thought that one house in four had been reno vated. His answer was, ' If you said one in ton you would be nearor the truth.' And fur ther inspection showed mo that this estimate, if not correct, only falls short cf tho truth. Some quarters aro as desolate and solitary as Thebes or Bajlbec. Thoro is scarcely a living figure to bo setsn. but a few cows grazing in tho gr.iss-grown stroots, or a sow, followed by a progeny of pigs, wandering about Sebastopol. £\\-rt Nicholas and Fort Paul cannot bo called ruins, they are but mounds of rubbish. It is tho same with such places as tho sito of the houses which stood in tho rear of tho Redan. It is to tho town proper, whore any walls aro yet left standing, that we can apply tho word 'ruin.' A curious ovont has taken place sinco tho war, which strikes everyone who enters Sebastopol. A colossal statue has boon erected to Admiral Lazareff. It is of bronze, and nearly 30 ft. high, on a pedestal of black marble, which adds noarly another 30 ft. to tho height of tho whole. It stands on tho broad esplanade in front of what we called the ' White Buildings,' which wore the Marino Barracks, and it looks over tho harbour and the town. Sebastopol was the work of this man. It was his energetic ability which created tho place, and built the fleet of tho Black Soa. It was tho purpose of the Crimoan War to dostroy what this man had spent his life in build ing and organising. That purpose was accom plished, and it has now a curious effect upon tho mind to seo that great black statue of him stand ing in the midst of ruins. The barracks, dock yards, and other establishments of his design are seen all round him in tho relics of their des truction. — Prince of Wales' s Tow. Marriage in America.— Thoro comes rather a good story of married life from America. The hero of it set out for Arkansas, leaving his wife at home. Tho lady, weary of tho separation, wrote to her husband, entreating his return. He begged that she would bo pationt, and pointed out that his absenco, though irksome to both, was good for their mutual interosts. Six months elapsed — then a whole year. At length, ono fine evening, tho husband returned, and knocked at the door of his house, expecting a royal welcome. ' It is I, my adored one.' 'Who! you t' said tho lady. ' Don't you know your husband f' was the reply. ' I have no husband,' was the lady's rejoindor. ' What do you mean J' cried the man. ' Since you would not return,' was the reply, ' I sousht aim ourainuu a Dili or divorce. ' LSut, the husband began to answer. ' Withdraw, sir,' said tho lady, stopping him ; ' it is not right that a stranger should como horo at this lato hour.' ' Ungratoful !' ' No recriminations. ' 'Why,' continued tho man, 'I camo to lay the fortune I have made at your feet.' 'Got out !' was tho only roply, ' I do not moan to bo compromised.' So tho man dopartud, and —fury in his hoart — retiirnod to Arkansas. Af er |ho had been therej|somo time, ho had a chat ono evening with General W., who said to him, ' How is it that a man of your position is not married V ' T do not know any woman here who would suit mo,' he replied. ' But there mu3t be lots in your native placo,' ro torted tho general. ' You aro right,' said our friend; 'I will go and seo to-morrow.' Ho set out, and six weoks afterwards ho roturned with a wife leaning on his arm. ' Ah !' said the general, 'you have done tho deed, then; you have married?' 'Pardon; I havo re married.' '.How? Wore you a widower?' 'Nothing of tho kind.' 'How, thon 1 I do not understand you.' 'I havo remarriod my wife, who had obtained a bill of divorce against mo. I courted her as if wo hnd never known oach othor.' 'Married twice to the samo wo man !' cried tho general ; ' you are incorrigi blo !' It is a pretty romance, and may bo worth rending when the papers aro full of tho number of cases with which tho Divorco Court is choked. The new Govornor of South Australia, Sir James Ferguson, i3 indefatigablo iu his efforts to mako himsolf acquainted with tho rosources of the colony, and also to cultivate the acquaint ance of tho colonists. Ho is incessantly engaged in ono or two things— either riding or driving over the country, or entertaining parties at Government House. The Hobart Town Mercury reports tho doatli «' -?'« uiuuau uuiuiuHi, ni j.asmuma, iVDranam Fuller, of the Old Beach, who expired on tho 28th instant, at tho groat age of 103 years and eight months, Tattorsall's Club was inaugurated by a dinner, at Tattorsall's Hotel, on Wednesday ovoning last, tho 25th instant. Several speoches were made, and it ended with singing the National Anthem. It has been resolved, at Hobart Town, to place a handsomo stained glass window in the now cathodrul, and to found a scholarship to superior schools, in memory of tho late Sir llichard Dry. iUATRIMOJJIAL .BLISS MAKREI). — ThO Old ad ago of ' tho courso of true love novor running smooth' was, perhaps, never bettor exemplified than in a case which occurred at Port Ma.c quario, last wook. A man named Thomas Parker was married to ono Eliz* Mason, at St. Thomas' Church, at Port Macquarie, on Mon day, tho 10th instant, about II o'clock. The happy brid.o, after receiving tho benediction from tho hands of the Rov. Mr. Komp, wont to her now home to prepare tho nuptial banquet, whilst the industrious bridegroom returned to tho forge and anvil (for ho is a blacksmith), to profitably oraploy his time until tho appointed hour. Juat about tho timo when ho was think ing of resting from his labours for that day, and seeking tho domestic bliss so latuly assignod him, in walked that grim consorvator of tho law, Mr. Senior-constable Bennett, who- forth with tapped the nowly-made benedict on tho shoulder, and told him ho was ' wanted ' for taking a coat not bolonging to him. The unhappy bridegroom was forthwith m,a.do to occupy a room in Mr. Bennett's resfjdonco until tho following morning, whon he made his appoaranco before the Police Magistrate, and was thereupon returnod to tho care and atten tion of Mr. Bennett until the next day, to allow the owner of tho coat to come to Port Macquarie. Tho following morning tho unfortunate brido groom made his bow to the Bench of Justices, and he was adjusted to pay twenty shillings, or take up his residence with Mr. Gates, in Port Macquarie gaol, for one month. Tho brid,o was n attendance, and soon procured tl\a requisite urn, which restored the erring swain to hia, anxious wife. — ikfqctya^ Iferala), August 25, A lectnro, tho first of a sorios on ' Tho Oriental Churchos.' wna rlnlivni-n-l nn ivrnnj«n by the Rev. Dr. Tucker, at tho Mechanics' ^ustituto. It was in connexion wrfch the Ohuroh of England Sunday School Institute. T&) Bishop of Melbourne pres^ocV The reverend lecturor, ot tho outapt, referred to tho early history of tho pastern ohurohos, and thon pro oeeJ(1£$ *° no*toe at s°me length the effortB which w ere made by the Church, of Rome, in early and lator times, to bring about a union Wfcweaa the Grook Church and itsolf. Tho most sooont at tempt waa comprehended, in, the general, invitation which was issued, by, tho present Popo to tho Chris.t.ia.u, oluirohesg ouerally. At present there was no prospect of a union. The customary vote of thanka was giveu to ho leqturer, The Australian Hierarchy. — The Victorian Advocate says that the Australian hierarchy will be represented at the forthcoming first Council of tho Vatican, by at least Dr. Polding, of Syd- ? ;,- ney ; Dr. James Quinn, of Brisbane ; Dr. Shiel, s of Adelaide ; Dr. Murphy, of Hobart Town ; and Dr. Lannigan, of Goulburn, tho last-namod prelate being already in Europe. It may not be generally known that every bishop honoured with an invitation to a General Council is ox- . .., pected to attend, unless a special dispensation .., has boen obtained from his Holiness. Wo have '_ not yet learned that aucli a dispensation has ' ,' boen or will be applied for by any of tho Aus- ?' tralian bishops. General Chute has decided that the 18th ' Regiment shall remain at Auckland. A new postal lino has been established be tween Wanialda (New South Wales) and Queens land. Tho Sydney correspondent of tho Western Examiner, speaking of Kohn and Co.'h insolvency, says:— The proximnte cuuac of their failure is nniil to liu tho refusal uf their bankers to grant them their uauiil discounts sinco their losses witiiMackiulay iirotliura were made public. Their liabilities ? aro variously estimated at I'CO.OOO to £70,000, including those of their London branch. ' This ia the firm through which Kir. Kn^nr, some two or three years ago (when he wan Colonial Treasurer) pro posed to obtain tho loan of £3,000,000 for railway purposes, from somo London and Oontinontal capitalists. . Money was dear at the time, aud shortly after became much cheaper, which made Air. Eagar'a proposal look Tory ridiculous, and it was never, in point of f net, brought before tho Assembly by nny substantive motion for ita approval, tho Govuruinout shrewdly perceiving from, tho comments it elicited that it was certain to be re joe ted. 