'%*'. -«??-.! SINGLETON QÜAÄMI aËaSîONS, (.From our Singleton Correspondent.') . This court was opened on Monday, the 22nd instant;-before hia Honor Mr. District Court Judge Dowling. The barristers present were, Mr. Foster (Crown Prosecutor) and Mr. Ellis; attorneys, Mr Gorriek and Mr. Waring. NEW MAGISTRATE. Eeginald Blaxland, Esc[., of Fordwich, was sworn in as a magistrate of the territory. STEALING A SADDLE. . Patrick O'Neil, a boy twelve" years old, was indicted for stealing a saddle, the property of Reginald Blaxland, on the 6th December, 1868. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was unde- fended. The witnesses called were Frank Blaxland, Wjlliam Lynch, John Taylor, Reginald Blax- land, John Thorn, and constable Smith. On Sunday, the 6th December last, Frank Blaxland, a boy nine years old, was at the Sunday School at Broke; he left his horse, TOth the saddle and bridle on, hung up to a tree a few yards from the schoolhouse ; upon leaving the school, shortly after twelve o'clock, he found the horse grazing about two hundred yards from the school without the saddle on ; the prisoner I was seen the same afternoon, about four miles from Broke, by John Taylor, who made a re- mark to him about the saddle he was riding on ¿not being his ; prisoner said at first that the ..saddle was his, and afterwards that it was given tto him by a man named Mason ; a search hav leen made for the saddle, it was found the same evening by a man named Thorn, stockkeeper to Mr. Blaxland, on the bank of the Wollombi Brook, some distance from Broke. The pri- soner was arrested on the 11th December fol- lowing, on the Denman Road, about a mile from Muswellbrook, by constable Smith, Ito whom the prisoner made, several con- tradictory statements respecting the saddle ; prisoner's parents were stated to reside at Denman, and his father appeared inr Court subsequently when sentence was passed upon him. The prisoner made no statement. 'The jury retired for half an hour, and returned with .a verdict of guilty, recommending the prisoner tfo mercy on account of his extreme" youth. "His Honor sentenced him to one month's im- prisonment in Maitland gaol, and directed pri- soner's father to see him taken out of gaol, and .have him< conveyed home. OBTAINING MONEY BY FALSE PRETENCES. George Thomas Barnes was indicted for ob- taining the sum of 9s. from one Charles Cava- nagh, by means of a valueless "cheque, for the sum of £1. The prisoner pleaded "not guilty, and was undefended. The witnesses called were Charles Cavanagh and Alexander Kellie. On Sunday, 22nd November last, prisoner «ame to Cavanagh's public-house, in Eliza ¿beth-street, Singleton, where he stayed Tuntâl the following morning, when he asked Cavanagh to fill up a cheque for £1 for lâm, on the Australian Joint Stock Bank, Singleton ; Cavanagh did so, and deducting the amount due to him, he handed prisoner the balance, some eight or nine shillings. Upon being presented at the Bank the cheque was dishonoured, with an answer " no account." Alexander Kellie, ledger keeper at the Aus- tralian Joint Stock Bank, deposed that prisoner had not had an account at that Bank for the jprevious four or five years. Prisoner made a .statement to the effect that he had only just <come out of the hospital at that time, after laving met with a serious accident, and being induced to partake of some spirits it had a strong effect upon him, and he was really not knowing what he was doing at the time. He called Messrs. J. W. Osborne, Edmund Gould, John Hawke, and George Jarman, who gave prisoner a good character for honesty. After half an hoar's deliberation the jury returned into court with a verdict of guilty, but recommending the prisoner to mercy on account of his previous good character. The ¡prisoner waa sentenced to nine months' impri .sonment in Maitland gaol. STEALING WINE. "William Shaw was indicted for having, on the 20 th December, 1868, at Great Lodge, near Jerry's Plains, stolen forty gallons of wine, the property of Richard Hobden. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and waa defended by Mr. tß-orrick. The witnesses called were Richard Hobden, Richard Ellis Hobden, and James Hobden. A. little after five o'clock, on the morning of Sunday, the 20th December last, the prisoner was found by Richard Hobden lying down asleep, about thirty yards from Mr. Hobdcn's wine ceiJar, at Great Lodge. Near to the prisoner s*ood two iron buckets, one being about two-thirds and the other about half filled with red colonial wine, similar to wine in Mr. Hobden's cellar. On proceed- ing from the prisoner towards the cellar, the witness found that the wine had been spilt all the way, and upon arriving at the cellar he found the door of the cellar open. The door had been locked on the previous evening with a padlock, but had been broken open. Upon entering the cellar, Mr. Hobden found that the spiles had been taken out of two hogsheads, and the wine was running out of the casks ; he con- sidered that-about forty gallons-of wine had been either spilt or taken away, which, at 3s", per gallon, would make his loss amount to about j£6. Witness, after having aroused his family, returned to the prisoner, who was still lying asleep, but after some time awoke, when Hob- den said to him, " Shaw, you seem to have had a good spree ;" prisoner appeared to be stupid from drink; a constable having been sent for, prisoner was given into custody.-Richard Ellis Hobden deposed that prisoner at first denied laving stolen the wine ; but afterwards he stated that he had been put up by some person to steal it, but that he should not betray that per- son.-James Hobden, step-son of the prisoner, deposed that the buckets which were found near the prisoner belonged to the prisoner.-The defence set up by Mr. Gorrick for the prisoner was that there had been a family feud between the Shaws and the Hobdens, owing to the former having married the widow of Mr. Richard Hob- den's deceased brother, and that this was a plot to destroy Shaw's character. His Honor having summed up, the jury retired for an hour and a Aalf, when they brought in a verdict of guilty. rThe prisoner was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment in Maitland Gaol with hard 'labour. VIOLENT ASSAULT. Thomas Keough was indicted for having un- lawfully and maliciously wounded one William Claxton, at Whittingham, near Singleton. A .second count charged him with having assaulted lum with the intent to do grievous bodily harm, «nd on a third count he was indicted for a com- mon assault.-The prisoner pleaded guilty to tile third count. The Crown Prosecutor said that he would waive prosecuting the prisoner on the other two counts. William Claxton then gave evidence as to the nature of the assault. He stated that he rented some land, upon which prisoner had -trespassed with a team of bullocks, and when »endeavouring to prevent prisoner from doing ?so the latter struck him three times on the head ?with the handle of the whip which he held in his hand. The witness prayed the Court not to pass a severe sentence on the prisoner, who was under the influence of drink at the time, and he had been informed had a large family I to maintain. His Honor sentenced prisoner to six weeks' imprisonment in Maitland gaol, with hard labour. LARCENY. Thomas King was indicted for stealing three jpairs of boots and a coat, the property of Lewis -Cribbs. The prisoner pleaded guilty. ."Sub-inspector Thorpe stated that the prisoner <had been previously convicted by the bench of rmagistrates at Singleton, about twelve months .ago, on a charge of stealing a coat, when he was ¡sentenced to two months' imprisonment. His Honor sentenced the prisonor to twelve months' imprisonment in Maitland gaol, with hard labour. The Court then adjourned until ten o'j^k .on Tuesday morning. TUESDAY, FEB. 23, 1869. The Court was opened at ten o'clock a.m. EMBEZZLEMENT. William Geddes was indicted for embezzling the som of £15, the property of Her Majesty ti» Queen, whilst employed as tollgate-keeper a*t Appletree Flat. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was undefended. 2 ""he following witnesses were called :-Sub inspec/,or Thorpe, Constable Fitzallen, .Con- stable ..Smith, Sergeant Thompson, Ernest Nardin, au^ Dr- Glennie. Having ri reived information that the pri- soner had revota. he had been stuck-up during the night of the 29th» or early on the mobing of the 30th Janua T7 lasfc> Sub-inspector Thorpe, in company with Constable Smith, proceeded to prisoner's' reside* ^ at Appletree Flat, I ön that morning, tipari arriving theïë, prisoner- informed Sub-inspector Thorpe that during the previous night he had been stuck up by two men, who knocked at the door of the toll-gate house, stating they wanted " to pay the toll ; he got up, and on opening the door one of the men knocked him down, when the other man went over to the mantelpiece and took the money from it belonging to the Govern- ment, which he had collected for tolls. He handed a document to Mr. Sub-inspector Thorpe, according to which the sum of £13 12s. lOd. had been taken by the robbers. He also handed him another document, showing the daily receipts of the toll-bar from the 1st Janu- ary to the 29th January last. These two documents and a book, also containing the daily receipts, were produced in court. Prisoner also stated to Mr. Sub-inspector Thorpe that the two men had maltreated him very much by beating him all over the body ; and he also stated that when knocked down by the men upon entering, his head came in con- tact with a block, causing a wound, which bled very freely. Mr. Sub- inspector Thorpe examined his head, but could not discover any fresh wound, but only an old wound which had long since healed up. Sub-inspector Thorpe also received, through sergeant Thomp- son, the sum of £24 in notes, prisoner stating that he had planted this money from the rob- bers, and that it was a portion of the money collected by him for tolls. Sub-inspector Thorpe asked if that was all the money he had in the house, a3 belonging either to the government or himself j prisoner replied, " Not the ghost of a copper.' The Sub-inspector's suspicions having been aroused through the statement which prisoner had made respect- ing the wound on his head, he then directed the constables to make a search, and shortly afterwards constable Fitzallen found a purse under the bed ; this purse contained £7 in gold ; upon being questioned by the Sub-inspector, prisoner said at first it had been remitted to him by some friends up the country, but afterwards he said that the money was lent him in a letter by a person whom he did not know ; whilst Constable Smith was watching the prisoner, he saw him take s:mething from under his trousers, and slip it under his shirt j upon being examined by Sub-Inspector Thorpe he found a pocket book containing a £5 note and a one-pound note, concealed beneath pri , soner's shirt and the skin under his arm.-Sub inspector Thorpe then arrested him on a charge of embezzling moneys the property of the Go- vernment. Previous to his arrest the prisoner had made contradictory statements to sergeant Thompson and constable Fitzallen.-Mr. Nar- din, Superintendent of the first district of the Great Northern Road, produced the letter ap- pointing the prisoner as Collector of Tolls at the Appletree Flat toll-bar from the 1st January last, his wages for such service being 7s. per diem. ' The amount received by Mr. Nardin from the prisoner for tolls collected by him was £29 12s. 7d., exclusive of the sum of £24 handed over to him by sub inspector Thorpe. This would leave about the sum of £15 deficient, and the sum of £13 12s. lOd out of that amount the prisoner stated he had been robbed of. Dr. Glennie deposed that he had examined prisoner's head on the 31st January ; he found the mark of a wound on his head; it was not a recent wound, and the witness was positive that the wound must have healed up for more than a month. The doctor also examined prisoners body, but did not discover any bruises on any part of his body Prisoner made a lengthy statement, adverting to his previous good character as an old colonist of many years' standing, and the respectable situations which he had occupied. He continued to, protest his innocence, and maintained that he had been robbed. The possession of the money found upon him by the police he stated had been given to him by several gentle- men in Sydney and Maitland, and that he did not wish to let the police know that he had the money. John Browne, Esq., J.P., Alderman Moore, and Mr. W. E. Potts gave prisoner a good character for honesty. His Honor having summed up, the jury re- tired for a quarter of an hour, and returned into court with a verdict of guilty, recommending the prisoner to the mercy of the court on account of his old age, and pievious good character. His Honor said it gave him much pain in having to pass sentence on an old man like j the prisoner, who, after having lived for so maujr years as an honourable man, had committed this offence at such an advanced period of his existence. If he had been a younger man he should have passed a severe sentence on him ; but under the circumstances, and acting on the recommendation of the jury, he would exercise every leniency compatible with the nature of the offence. The prisoner was then sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour in Maitland gaol. The Court then adjourned sine die. 