PICKINGS FROM SYDNEY PUNCH. "Wanted a single man for bedstead and safe making."—Herald. What can be this man's duties ? To beep guard over his employer's four-poster all day, keep it from the ills that four-posters are heir to, and make the bed so safe-ly that its occupant may be " safe" not to tumble out of it, even after a very " early morning ramble." before the milkman calls ?—in 6hort, a modern " Groom of the Chamber ?" Somebody advertises for a " girl to mind a baby that can walk and be useful." Mr. Punch can hardly suppose this situation will remain long unfilled, for who could object to look after a " little darling " with such precocious accomplishments. A " useful" baby ? Who ever heard of such a thing before! (£3"Punch, you are a brute!—Judy.) A clergyman has lost his silk umbrella, and advertises for it as a " clergyman's umbrella." Mr. Punch would certainly be puzzled by what distinctive feature to identify a " clergyman's umbrella" from any other of the genus. Perhaps it is hole-ier than anybody else's, Toby suggests. Clever dog! Mr. Punch was slightly thunderstruck—not to say considerably electrified- -at reading the following among the Herald advertisements:— " Wauted a Curled Hair Devil, apply immediately, stating price, &c.;" Parkes! Parkes! Are you " at it again ? " Political Barnium of the Southern Hemisphere, are you really going in for another new "sensation" to keep the game alive. " Exit Ghost. Enter Devil! " It won't do, my boy! oh dear, nonever no more. THE MAN WHO LIVES ON SAMPLES.—A correspondent calls attention to a comparatively new branch of industry that is being pushed in London :—"The man who engages in it should, first, have a good fund of assurance, and next, a pretty fair acquaintance with the ways of business men. He may then take an office and proceed to business. He must invest in a door-plate, whereon is engraved the name of a sounding firm, and he must hire a small boy to keep the office open. This is the extent of his investment-, and he is absolutely secured against losses from bad debts. He goes to a large, house, say in the wine trade. . lie tells them that he has an extensive shipping order to execute, and he wants samples. The merchant is delighted to supply him, and forthwitli a box of small bottles of different priced sherries is delivered into the custody of the office boy. He goes to a dealer in brandies, and samples equivalent to a regular bottle of cognac follow the sherries. Silks, pickles, hobnails, sugars, are equally the object of this busy commission merchant's inquiry, and the little office in the city soon fills with a miscellaneous collection of samples. The samples don't suit usually ; at all events, those who give samples very seldom get any orders. The world is wide, and merchants love to do business, and the hunter of samples has little trouble in getting plenty. What he does with them no one knows; but as he passes his existence in looking for samples, it is reasonable to suppose that he can do something with them to his personal advantage. It is, we are informed, a fact that this ' sample trade' is vigorously pursued by certain chevaliers d'industrie and .although it may not support a carriage and pair, it provides bread and cheese for the enterprising pro- fessors."— Cork Constitution. 