. __ . ...A ? ? ^_ SHEMUS DHU, THE BLACK PEDLAR OF GALWAY. ? A TALE OF THE PENAL TIMES. : By the late Rev. M. Kavakaoh^ P.P. Chaptkr XVII. —(Continued.) It was evident that the late hours of wor ship at fanes dedicated to good living, was not in fashion at the time. Esther Moran, or the Widow Moran, or Mrs. Esther, her common appellative among her better vi&i-; tors, held an ordinary three hours after noon ?far trentlemen of averv nrofession and trade who preferred regular hours with short ac counts, and substantial fare to their con traries. After the turmoil of preparation which attended these daily festive meetings, it was her custom to indulge herself in giving forth her orders to her handmaidens from a high backed carved chair of oak, a family inheritance. At these times of ease, when the whole activity of the good dame's spirits could evaporate through the medium of a member the most restless of man as well as of woman, it was fortunate for her girls of service if some gossip's, patron's, or chpnce guest's entrance engaged her at tention. It was pending a zealous recom mendation of the merit and of the useful ness of being employed every minute of the day, enforced by precedents of many ' who lived to be mistresses of their own houses, by their industry and care,' that Murrogh and his fellow travellers entered. The hostess' examination of her visitors was a shert, but keen one. She arose from her seat of ease, and asked them in a cor teous manner what was their wish. 'You and I are old friends, Mrs. Esther,' said O Reilly, pulliag off his cap, and unbut toning the jack from his neck. ' On my good life, it is Mr. Frank him self!' said the hostess, with eyes of welcome. 'And where hava you been, sir, these weeks ? You have been badly missed in the { Salmon,' and all your friends and well wishers praying for your speedy return. Give down seats to the gentlemen — they are cold, you sluts ! And Mr. D'Arcy himself was here to-day at dinner. He in quired for you, and seemed sorely vexed that there was no account of you here. And your father ? ' ' Did D'Arcy and my father make in quiries?' inti-rruptsd O'Reilly. ' No, I was not going to say your father was here ; but Mr. D'Aroy did, with hi* own mouth. Your nnr^e camo here yester day, j u -t as the clock struck noon. I fouii d out from her that the oid gentleman was anxious about -ou. You see that, Mr. Frank ; I always told you his heart would turn to you at last. I kui-'W him since I was a child, and I guessed rightly that his heart was in the right place. But you must gue up some acquaintances., wen, II see you don't like I should speak outhis subject before strangers. You will tsike something though, aud you will lodge here for the night. We have rooms enough, thank heaven ! However, it is not exevy night- visitor we receive. Bessy, slut, light a fire iu the gentlemen's rooms ' ' Do we stop here for the night ?' Frank inquired of his guide. ' Yon are at your own will, sir,' Murrogh answered. ' .VI r. Fergus does.' ' It seems we have liberty to sup with you, Mrs Esther,' said O'Reilly, in a tone of mock submission, to whoso mind the I cold and stern jeply of Murrogh brought back the rough treatment he suffered from htm before the West Gate. ' What will yon, Mr: Frank ? Some of your favourite ha-h, with mulled ale and tonsted apple? It is light, and good after cold and fatigue.' 'The hash, by all means, the hash, ' I Mistress Esther ; but the ale — faugh I My i stomach is drenched with it for these last i days. You won't grudge, for oil friend ship sake, to go out of the rule this once — aome of your good old wine, the mild, old .! port of Galway, and of the ' Salmou ' es ; pecially, Mrs. Moran.' ? 'There is no coming up to you, Mr. [ Frank ; you would flatter the Saints in \ heaven, themselves, 10 do you a service : | and what can a po»rlone widow like me do I agaiust you 1 But your pockets must be heavy to ask for wine. You know, when you get the taste of it, a small quautity vrill not serve your turn.' 'Not a doit in my pocket, mistress of awae \». 8aid Frank. ?♦ Put it to the old : .'.??? . i ? ? ?????? score j and, by Jove ! Fortune cannot be such a jilt that I will not be able to clear all some day of the year.' 'Hear you that now!' replied the hostess; 'and the gentleman well knows he can expect nothing from a soul living except the old man, his father. He takes little pains, God help him ! to gain anything from that quarter.' ' But the wine, Mrs. Esther, the' wine and hash ! When the wants of the outer man are satisfied, we will listen with more comfojt of soul and of body to your goodly advice — and may profit by it, too.' Fergus, who had stood f vom his entrance in the middle of the floor, without speaking, thought that his interference was now necessary. He offered his purso to the landlady of the ' Salmon,' saying to her that Mr. O'Reilly's entertainment should be at his expensa. ' ' Mercy of heaven on me 1 what have I to do with your bag of silver, sir ?' exclaimed the hostess, rejecting the purse. ' Ah J young man, I fear easily got, easily spent. You must be more cautious in exposing the thing those days. You may thank heaven you came to an honest house ; for I know many who would give you but a short time of prayer, for the sake of the gold or the silver, as it may be which that leather holds Will you go to the room, or will you be served here ? I must have my way with Mr. Frank, sir ; but I would not grudge the oldest and the best in my house to his father's son, and to his friends into the bargain.' As no interruption was expected, the young men preferred taking their refresh ment where they wore. ' Ha ! where is our guide, Fergus ?' said O'Reilly, when O'Keane had seated himself near him. Fergus started, and looked around. Murrogh had disappeared without his notice. 'Where has the man gone?' cried Fergus, leaping from his seat. ' He has in his possession papers of importance belonging to me.' ' You should have looked to that before,' said his companion. ' I fear, just now, you have a dull chance of their recovery.' ' The Saints defend or !' fiYfilnimerl Mrs. Esther. ' My own hands bolted the doer, and it remains so. The man stood here just when I entered to bring the wiue. Pray heaven, he was nothing bad in man's shape ! Have any of you seen him, sluts Y' ' You know, mistress, I could only see nia root ciracl l/ilo ^Ig owcutj' tvLi»j »vvuJ ** t/«.*ll strapping girl, employed in her nightly occupation of scouring the iron and copper ware of the household. ' Hold your tongue, Miny ! you speak nonsense,1 ' said her mistress. ' Beasy, have you seen the man go ?' ' Is it I, ma'am?' exclaimed a tidy look ing wench, raising an arch pair of eyes from some darning work. ' Lord, ma am, I only looked at the man once, and I thought then he was something, for his eyes looked fire when he saw the young ! gentleman beyond hand you his purse.' 'Yes, you both have eyes when and where they are not wanting,' said the discomfited matron. ' Where is Tom ?' ' In the cellar, mistress ; I will go for him,' said the more lively girl. ' No, hussy, mind your work ! Well, gentlemen, that beats out anything I know of. You must know him ; he came in your company.' ' He is a three hours' acquaintance of mine, good dame,' replied O'Reilly ; {t and during the time I believed him more knave than ghost. I can take t'-' measure cf a man, I thiuk, at his first going off, as well as if I was an age his comrade. My friend here, on whose trust I to-)ic him, may an swer for his own opinions of him.' 'By my honest word,' Fergus said, 'I have not seen him before this night. I had directions to meet him. He was at the place, and at the time. He aaswered to the name with which I was directed to bail him. I gave him my faith ; and up to this he has done fairly by us, you must allow. I cannot yet believe him false.' 'Did he show you his face, Fergus ?' whispered O'Reilly to his friend. ' No, in truth,' said young O'Keane ; ' I recollect he was anxious to conceal it. But what then 1 He knew the purport of our journey, and he has brought us safe.' ' A h yes, he had good reasons, I suspect, for conducting me safely. I have a notion, too, that his voice was feigned ; I oaught the natural tone upon the bridge. It sounded like to a poor friend's of mine, who is now in trouble. By Jove! their shape and size was not unlike, but there was a great difference in their manners. You should look to liim, if you care aught about the papers ; for my part, I can have no confidence in a churl who had no confi dence in me.' ' Well, to satisfy you, we will look to him,' said Fergus. The truth is he doubted, more than once during the journey, the sincerity of the guide, though he wished not, for obvious reasons, to communicate his thoughts to his companion. If he were questioned, he could not exactly give a reason for hi3 misgivings. The guide's desire for the concealment of his features might arise, he thought, from his ignorance of the change in O'Reilly's disposition, who was so well known as the companion of D'Arcy. His continued silence on the journey might have the same motive ; and his deviation from the more frequented paths naturally appeared the conduce of a man engaged in a business requiring secrecy and caution. Fergus reasoned thus with himself in favour of Murrogh when any circumstance of the journey brought back his doubts. Yet he was not at ease in his company. There was something about Murrogh, he could not fathom. His age was only a guess between twenty-hve and twice the number of years. His gait was at one time the firm and light tread of a strong young man ; and, again, he flitted before the young men with an unearthly stride; his arms now perfectly motionless, now dangling by his side, whilst his head and neck were bent forward with the weakness of an age beyond his prime. Fiom these recollections came Fergus' sudden question concerning the disappear ance of the guide. The conversation which followed gave him leisure to judge the impropriety of expressing his fears : he, therefore, though still anxious, proposed to his compauion, in a tone of jest, but with an earnestness of purpose, a search for the guide, '.Mistress, give me your assistance,' said Fergus. ' This door from the steps leads to other rooms in your house : we will see if the ghost has disappeared from them, too.' ' Well, you see now,' said Mrs, Esther, u the Lord help my wits I I never thought of the rooms. Ah! girls, your eyes are dull, and your tongues silent, when you should speak and see. Oh, millea murder, sir ! if the man be a thief, and steals my ..T . !'_?!.„» UKJIIIICII. U. VI tuu 'Ira. ? . - ? lets, oi any of the loose furniture ! Well, if there be justice for any money in Galway I will have the villain flogged from gate to gate, and twenty lashes to boot, as sure as my name is Esther Moran ! Unhook the lamp hussies : we will search for the villain.' V Have patience, good Mistress Esther ! j The robber is a desperate and a strong man ; he might inflict some injury on you : what then would tho ordinary of the * Sal mou' do?' said O'Reilly, unwilling to be disturbed before he discussed the merits of the hash and of the wine. ' You will go, -vir. Fergus ? Here is to your success, ; thougn 1 opine tne toast win not gain tuo fruit of its prayer,' The sleeping- rooms, the diningapart ments, were examined in vain. No trace of Murrogh's visit to them appeared, much to the consolation of the landlady, who declared ' that yet he was an honest villain though she was heartily glad to be rid of him.' *?' Have you no other door by which the man could 1 jave the house, Mrs. Moran ? He might have business in the town before rest,' said Fergus, earnestly, though he was still unwilliiigto entertain his companion's notion of the guide's treachery. ' Wo have a passage vt hieh loads into the yard : but the man could not know that, I'm sure.' ' We will examine it, then, Mrs. Esther,' replied Fergus. The hostess undrew a hanging screen along the wall of the dining-room, which exposed a small door, discovering, when opened, a flight of stone steps descending to a narrow and low paved passage. At the end of this, another door communicated with the yard, which was found to be open. The girls and the man-servant, who had joined them, were questioned by their mis tress on this neglect of the safety of her house. One of them declared that ' she had been in the yard only an hour back , and that she recollected well that she had secured the door with bolt and chain. The yard was searched with the sama success as the interior of the house. It was enclosed by a high wall ; and the onlj possible egress, without scaling assistance, was by a clamp of turf, whose top was distant ten feet from the coping of the wall.; The feat of escaping by this means required the greatest agility and exertion. There was . no other way to account for the disappear' anoe of the guide ; and Fergus returned : more thoughtful to O'Reilly, believiug that the attempt would not be made, unless under the influence of some desperate . motive. His- surprise was then only equalled by that of the hostess, when, oa entering the kitchen, he saw the guid« seated near O'Reilly, with the utmost coolness. His back was turned towards the board from which Frank eat, either from a wish to avoid the gaze of the young '? man, or from an indifference to his presence. ^ The ease of O Reilly was as much ft matter of wonder to Fergus as the appear- ; ance of Murrogh. The -former did nofc ? even lift his eyes from the dish with whick he was engaged, at the entrance of O Keane. The guide was the first t« break the silence, but without averting . his face, which was muffled to the eye* in the cape of his great coat. ' Mrs. Moran, the hospitality of your* : house will suffer in its character, somt dav» ^ you practise drawing bolts upon, your guests. I may thank this worthy : gentleman here for admittance, else I. : suppose I should take my chance of. real '; on a cold flag, in this raw night.' The influence of supernatural light in '[ which she viewed the sudden disappearance :' or the speaker, and which prevented her ; from at first addressing him, was immedi ately destroyed by hearing him speak with ?; accents of real flesh and blood. Like some . lax Christians — observers of the letter . rather than o- the spirit of Catholie ? discipline — who believe that an indulgenca to excess, at Easter or Christmas, in good - cheer, is compensated for by their previous '.'?' fast and abstinence, the good hostess deemed she had a right to open upon tha guide in the plenitude of her tongue** power, for the silence and fright whieh he made her endure so long. Moreover, th« insinuation, derogative of the hospitality ? of the ' Salmon' — a quality to whose de fenca the feelings of an Irish hostess aro . more alive than those of any other hostess in the world — roused her spirit to its most ; angry mood. 'She could not see,' she said, 'why the good name of her house, which —praised .= kept its character, through thick and thin, among the gentle folk as well as the poor, during her own life — the Lord be praised, who gave her health and strength ! — and during her father's- — -the heavens be his bed ! — should be run down by one whom nobody knew, and who, ; without loave or licence, came into her house, and refused to show his face to the light like a Christian man, and then skulked away by ways and meaus which no honest man would use. Whilst sha was mistress of her own, she would bolt her doors when she pleased — aud who dare say no ? She would tell him ? ' The arms of the excited matron — who had advanced within a step or two of the guide, emboldened by his silence, which she fancied to be the result of his fear or of his deference to her — fell from their menacing posture to her side. Without another word , she slunk from the neighbour hood of ? Murrogh. 'Mrs Moran,''saidtheguide,whoquickly perceived the wondei of all at the con duct of the hostess. He spoke in a tone so plaintive, that even the severe thought* ; with which O'Reilly had regarded him yielded somewhat to the mild influence of his voice. ' Mrs. Moran. judge not an un just judgment. I am a harmless man. I have chosen your house because I belie vod you honest, and faithful to the doctrine which teaoheth to receive the houseless. ; But we must go hence for some time,' ho said, in a changed tone — even in a tone of : command — rising quickly from his seat. -k You, Fergus have faith in me ?' ' I have no reason — I me-m a strong . . reason — to suspect your fidelity,' replied r O'Keaue ; ' but I would wish some circum stances explained.' ; , 'Ha! Do you, too, doubt me?' ex- ,?: claimed the guide, passionately. 'You -i were not taught this caution, when your ^ father' ? and he uttered some word into ,: Fergus' ear. - (To U continued.) 