fUtest MR. MAIS.—A paragraph in this morning's Register conveys the erroneous impression that Mr. Mais had resigned his office of Engineer-in- Chief. A glance, however, at the Gazette notice, which appears in another part of the paper, would show that he has only resigned the General Managership of Railways—a fact which we had already announced, and stated that Mr. C. Bonney had been appointed to the vacant post. PRINCE AT.FRKD COLLEGE OPENING.—On ac count of the day fixed as a holiday in celebration of Her Majesty's Accession now being Tuesday, June 22, the Committee of the Prince Alfred College have decided upon holding their public breakfast and formally opening the commodious and handsome College buildings on that date instead of the date previously advertised. YORKE'S PENINSULA ABORIGINAL MISSION.— At the Baptist Chapel. Moonta, the quarterly committee meeting of the above institution was lately held; Captain Hancock, Manager of the Moonta Mines, presiding. Mr. G. N. Birks, of Eadina, the Secretary, presented the financial report and other documents, stating the progress made at Point Pearce. Among other sums recently received towards the Mission was a donation of £50 from Mr. G. F. Angas and £25 from the London Missionary Society; £9, a collection at Flinders-street PresbyterianChurcn, Adelaide; aad over£6, realized by a soiree at Wallaroo Bay. Various improvements were decided to be effected in the accommodation at the Mission Station, and the suggestion was thrown out and approved to raise the stipend of that indefatigable labourer, the Rev. Mr. Euhn. NATIONAL BUILDING SOCIETY.—The thirteenth half-yearly meeting of the above Society was held on Wednesday, June 9; Mr. G. Smith in the chair. Nine shares were sold, at a premium of £8 each. The balance-sheet for the half-year was presented, showing a profit of Is. 4d. in the pound which was alloted in the shape of premiums varying from 7s. on shares six months old to £4 4s. for shares six years old. The number of invested shares on the 10th of May, 1S69. was 8b9 invested and 472 borrowed; the value of securities held by the Society, £41,478; amount due on the same, £27,597; average premium for the thirteenth halfyear, £7 4s. 7<L Messrs. M. Walsh and W. Holland were re-elected Directors, and a special vote of thanks to the Trustees, Directors, and Secretary (Mr. Cawthome) closed the meeting. WIRE TRAMWAYS.—'The following appears as an advertisement in a newspaper received hythe last mail:—"Wire tramways are applicable to the transport of minerals, agricultural produce, and merchandise. Costless than any other road or way (commencing at £150 per mile), and can be carried over any country without more engineering work than a telegraph line. They are suited for branch goods lines in new countries. The working coBt is not one- third that of common roads. Three miles can be seen in operation. Apply," &c.; IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT. — The English Government Bill for the abolition of imprison merit for debt, complementary to the New Bankruptcy Consolidation Bill, has been issued. With certain exceptions it abolishes all arrest or imprisonment for making default in payment of a sum of money. The exceptions are as follow:— Default in payment of a penalty, or any sum recoverable summarily, of any sum under a trust, of any moneys due under a judicial order by attorneys, solicitors, or others. The power of the County Court Judges to commit for small debts is reserved. Bankrupts may ako be arrested if about to quit England. All persons in custody are to be discharged on the passing of the Act, but the property of debtors may be sequestrated just as if they were arrested. The second part of the Bill provides for the punishment of fraudulent debtors for withholding any information or property from creditors, falsifying accounts, obtaining goods on credit within four months of bankruptcy, pawning, mortgaging, or otherwise disposing of goods, to the injury of creditors, &c.; The punishment for these offences is fixed at a maximum of two years' imprisonment, with or without hard labour. For absconding with property, penal servitude for not more than five years; false claim, &c..; imprisonment for a year. Any Court exercising jurisdiction in bankruptcy may order a trustee to prosecute or the papers to be laid before the Attorney-General, and in such a case the expenses of prosecution will be allowed as in cases of felony. The Bill is endorsed by the Attorney-General, the Solicitor- General, and the Chancellor ef the Exchequer. RAILWAY TRAFFIC.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended Saturday, June 5, was: —Port Line — Passengers, 4,692; fares, £196 6s. lOd.; goods, £24615s.; North Line-Passengers, 1,534; fares. £321 13s.; goods, £592 16s. 8d. Total, £1,357 Us. 6d. GLASS BLOWING.—Mr. Peyton has opened his exhibition of glasB-blowing, spinning, and working g n the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, aa per t dvertisement. T MB. MICHIE, THE VICTORIAN BARRISTER.—An I application was made to the Court by Mr. Ingleby this morning, acting on behalf of Mr. H. L. Galbraith, for the admission of Mr. A Michie, of Melbourne, to appear in the case of Galbraith v. Hughes. The application was based on an order of the Court in 1863 that he be admitted on presenting himself, and taking the usual oaths. This, however, had never been drawn up, and the Court was of opinion that, not having been acted upon at the time, it was not available after such a lapse of time. Both the Judges also expressed their dissent from the decision then arrived at. though Mr. Justice Gwynne concurred with it at the time, and their disinclination to favour any relaxation of the short rules of admission in favour of Mr. Michie unless there were some general reciprocity of action among the colonies in reference to the "interchange ef legal talent.'' Their Honors referred to the recent Intercolonial Commercial Conference at Sydney, and suggested that the principle of free trade might be extended to the commodity above alluded to, in which case they would be happy to see gentlemen of eminence from Victoria and elsewhere practising before them. THE RAILWAY GOODS' TARIFF.—Messrs. Neales and Boucaut, members for the district, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works this morning, and presented the memorial adopted at a public meeting held at the Burra on June 7 with reference to the proposed railway tariff. In reply to the deputation, the Commissioner pointed out,- and the members agreed, that the amended tariff published in that day's papers met most of their objections. He also assured them that it was the desire of the Executive to make the tariff as parfect as possible, and if weak points were found they would be immediately remedied. THE NORTHERN TERRITORY.—SO happy has the news from the Northern Territory made some of the land-order holders and their friends, that one gentleman, who took rather a prominent part on the dissatisfied side, now writes to us in the following merry strain, under the signature of " Jickling's^Ghost":—" The prevailing, passionate, all-absorbing, and ruling idea in the new settlement at the Northern Territory seems to be— 'Eating a Christmas dinner in Adelaide.' This dinner business was talked about before the party started from Adelaide; but the notion has spread to a ludicrous and alarming extent. All the letters contain some allusion to it; in fact, in the absence of more exciting topics, this one subject has come pre- eminently to the foreground." PRINCE ALFRED MINE.—Mr. William Roberts, who has just arrived from Port Augusta, has left at our office a number of samples of copper ore obtained from the Prince Alfred Mine, some of them of considerable richness, including yellow and peacot ores, green and blue carbonates. There have been three shafts sunk on the property, and the deepest of these is now between 16 and 17 fathoms. There are 23 hands employed beside the captain, who manage to turn out on the average 12 tons of ore per week, which is carted to Port Augusta by means of bullock teams—the cost on cartage being £3 per ton. The last assay was 32 per cent., which, we understand, is above the average of what is now being sent to port. The situation of the mine is 90 miles from Port Augusta in an easterly direction, and there muEt be good roads to enable the carting to be done for the price specified. Mr. Roberts also had a number of specimens from the surrounding country, which he informs us, abounds in copper ore of a more or less valuable character. JUVENILE MISSIONARY MEETING.—An address will be delivered this evening by the Rev. J. P. Sunderland on behalf the London Missionary Society in the Stow Memorial Church. Sundayschool teachers and young people are specially invited to attend. THE COMMERCIAL CLUB.—We understand tha the South Australian Commercial Club, which i composed of trades' assistants, now numbers about 80 members in addition to 20 honorary members, consisting of employers, &c.;, and the funds in hand, including donations and receipts from other sources, amount to about £100. It wa hoped that the late entertainment in White' Room would have yielded a handsome surplus, but the deterring effect of the weather on the attendance caused it to be less profitable that was anticipated. We believe negotiations are in progress to secure the building in King William-street known as the Gymnasium for the use of the Club; THE BUBRA RAILWAY.—The Commissioner Jof Public Works has stated that the line to the Buira will be opened as far as the Mintaro Station, in all probability, before the end of the year, and to Kooringa about March following. CHAMBER OF MANUFACTURES. —The promoters of the Chamber of Manufactures have succeeded in obtaining about SO members. It is probable that steps will be taken at an early date to more thoroughly organize the Chamber on its intended basis so that it can be made to subserve its ends with as little delay as possible. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB.—A circular has now been issued by the Secretary (Mr. E. M. Bagot) to all the members of the above Club con taining the following resolution, which was passed at the late meeting at the Globe—"That this meeting is of opinion that the present liability of the Committee should be liquidated by a call of £25 on each of the members of the Club, payable on the 1st July next." THE UNION CLUB.—The above Club now numbers 130 members. It will be seen by re erence to our business columns that the Club still invite applications for suitable premises. COPPER MINING NOTES.—There is no news of importance from the Eamley Mine. The South Bowers Company still continues costeening in the hope of finding surface ore. At the claim of the Parrara Mining Company a well-defined lode, consisting of steatite and soft mica, has been traced for a distance of eight fathoms. The Moonta Prospecting Company has men costeening on the back of a very large lode. In the stone raised there is an abundance of large blocks of mundic found, and specs of copper are visible throughout. A new mining Company, designated the "Prince of Wales," has recently been formed here with the object of operating upon some sections adjacent to the Parrara property. Sinking was commenced on Monday last. The promoters confidently anticipate cutting a payable lode. The Wheal Hughes Company is raising its usual amount of ore weekly at Cowling's Shaft. At the trial shaft, on what is supposed to be a continuation of Hancock's lode, a whip has been erected, and some men have also been employed timbering up. Other men are still employed costeening on the property. At the Euko Mine the men have recently been employed timbering up the shaft. A portion of the lode which was lost when the mine was previously worked, but has now been again found, is to be sunk upon. At the discovery made by Messrs. Assheton and party on some sections near to the Poona property, 10 men will commence to work this week, on what is supposed to be a continuation of the Poona lode. At the new shaft lately commenced to be sunk on the Moonta property, the favourable anticipations proved are being quite realized. Where some men found some green stones and afterwards sunk in hopes of getting the Company's bonus, they found the undertaking too heavy, and now a shaft is being put down by the Company, the place being considered well worthy of a trial. Elsewhere the mine is looking as usual—well. It is said that there is a scarcity of skilled mining labour in the market, but numbers of surface labourers ofler themselves. At the Poona Mine six men are employed sinking below the 20-fathom level, in a lode in the No. 1 or Western Shaft, which is three feet wide and composed of quartz and iron intermixed with stones of grey ore. At No. 2 Shaft a course has been driven from the 30-fathom level towards the west, under the railway. _ Strong hopes are entertained of a payable lode being met with at an early date. The bulk of the large pocket of ore so successfully worked for some time on the WliGtil Hughes property has been found by the Paramatta Mining Company to be about now worked out At the No. 2 shaft of the Paramatta Company men are employed actively driving and stoping. At No. 3 shaft, or the engine shaft, there is a magnificent lode, which is found to be going towards No. 4 shaft at the 22-fathom leveL From this shaft immense blocks of high quality ore are raised daily, At the No. 4 shaft the men are driving both ways, and occasional patches of black ore are met with, but the lode cannot be said to be found productive at this shaft at present. About 100 tons of ore are raised on the mine weekly; and last week 400 tons were sold to the Port Adelaide Smelting Works. It is expected that the engine, for erecting which the foundations are already dug out, will be on the ground in the course of a week or two.—Wallaroo Times, June 9. THEATRE ROYAL.—There was another indifferent house on Thursday night—not at all worthy of the entertainment, which comprised "The Unequal Match" and "The Hole in the Wall." To-night there ought to be a good turnout if only for a variation of previous dulnesB. It is Mr. Musrave's benefit—the first night of "The Octoroon" his season, and the first production of , humping Legacy" at the Theatre RoyaL Ine; h THE POWERS AND LIABILITIES OF MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS.—The case of Stephens v. the Corporation of Gawler, argued before the Supreme Court on Wednesday and part of Thursday, involves a question of great importance to all Municipal bodies as to their power to cut down a footpath in front of houses built abutting upon it. The allegation in this case was that the footpath was lowered several feet; but as to the extent, there is no definite information, the site being in Murraystreet, Gawler. The question turned upon whether C sufficient of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act was incorporated with the Corporation Act, which governs all the Corporations, to make the principles of compensation under the former c Act available to persons whose lands are not taken, but "injuriously affected" through the works carried on by the Corporation in the streets over which they have control. The arguments in support of the plaintiff's claim were ably put by Mr. Stow, Q.C., and Mr. Brook, relying chiefly on a somewhat analogous case decided in England a short time ago, in which a plaintiff named Ferrer obtained compensation in the Exchequer Court for injury done by the Commissioners of Sewers under the London Sanitary Improvements Act. Mr. Wigley and Mr. Boucaut, on behalf of the Corporation, contended that no compensation was givea by the 68th incorporated clause of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, but that it only provided a means whereby the amount of compensation might be assessed. At all events they urged that it would not entitle a person to recover damages for "injurious affecting," though it might possibly if his land were taken. The Chief Justice, after pointing out some distinctions between the case relied on by the plaintiff's counsel and the one before them, intimated that the Court would prefer not giving its decision until the result was known of an appeal now pending in the former case to the higher Courts in England. NORTHERN TERRITORY SPECIMENS . — Mr. Goyder's despatch published on the arrival of the Gulnare, stated that the naturalist of the Survey Expedition had made another botanical collection as well as secured a number of interesting specimens of objects in natural history. These in a number of packed cases, sent by Mr. Schultze and his son, have now reached the Botanic Garden and the Institute Museum, where the Director and Curator respectively of these institutions are busily engaged arranging the consignments. One of the most prominent objects is a bark canoe, 2 feet 9 wide by 21 long, made out of one sheet, very neatly shaped and constructed, and ready, though not likely to be used on the Torrens when the next dam is erected. Two boxes of coral will attract attention, but here there is nothing very striking. In addition to a number of tropical orchids, the Doctor has received as a substantial addition to his department dried specimens of the leaves of 254 different classes of plants, the distinct samples being in excess of 4,000. The ceaseless care and unflagging diligence necessary in preparing these for transit few will understand who have not, as amateurB cr professionals, made a similar attempt in the moist heat of the tropic zones, where nature with wondrous profusion scatters round the lover of research into her mysteries, never-ending beauties, but tantalizes him in his assiduous attentions by anon scorching or rendering humid, and therefore worthless, the treasures which night and day he has gathered from her stores. To complete the contents of five or six cases which have come to hand, there is an assortment of seeds in great variety. Mr. Schultze and his son must have laboured incessantly: and, in addition to possessing rare tact for their work, are proving the possession of a large share of that enthusiasm in their vocation which makes men laugh at difficulties, and call the phrase "impossible" a "blockhead of a word." Mr. Waterhouse has hardly had time enough to unfold his collection, and the limited space at his command renders economy in room highly necessary. No doubt he will, however, ere long be glad to show the additions to the Museum to those who are interested in the feathered dwellers in the Northern Territory, or desirous of increasing their stock of knowledge as to its insects, including those sandflies and mosquitos which appear to have frightened some members of this Expedition as much as their fellows did South Australian pioneers. Among the stuffed birds we learn there are some gorgeous representatives of the parrot tribes, mostly small, and few, if any, unknown to other portions of Australasia. In pigeons there are, too, sorts that will set all the small boys and birdfanciers dreaming. Something like 120 distinct samples of the feathered race, 500 specimens of interest to conchologists, and nearly 1,000 insects of all sizes, shapes, and hues, have been obtained, and will be on view when sorted out and cased; these are in addition to the previous instalment received per the Moonta. IMPORTED BEEF.—In addition to sending supplies of general merchandise, our Victorian sister has forwarded per Aldinga some prime sides of beef, which are to be disposed ot by auction to-day, as previously noticed.. THE RAINFALL.—Subjoined is a copy of the iain gauge for Wednesday and Thursday, posted outside the Telegraph Office. The fall is given for the 24 hours previous to 9 a.m. on the morning of the day indicated. In addition to the quantity registered at the stations within the colony, which, though considerable on Wednesday, seems to have greatly decreased the following day, the fall at Wentworth (N. S. W.) is added :— Adelaide ... June 9. Gawler 0725 June 10. Tanunda ... 0780 0-235 0-335 Blanchetown 0-59J Eapunda ... 0-250 0080 Auburn 0370 Wallaroo ... 0-580 0-380 Clare 0-480 0 400 Burra 0"9 0 0035 0 240 Melrose 0-463 Port Augusta 0-360 0283 Mount Barker 0140 0*090 0*010 Strathalbyn 0757 0*280 Willunga ... Normanville 0-99S 0-298 0*153 Port Elliot... 0-505 0*238 Goolwa 0*679 0-140 0148 McGrath's Flat 0-429 Robe Town 0-430 0-140 Mount Gambier 0465 0 360 0-065 Penola 0*270 Narracoorte 0-460 0*050 0*040 Wentworth 0-450 0*o70 0-260 0-160 OF IT.--The horrors of South-Eastern roads are too vividly impressed on the recollections of those who have travelled them to render description necessary, whilst an adequate idea of what they are like cannot readily be conveyed bywords to those who are strangers. A breakdown is there no rare occurrence, but during last week one attended with particularly aggravated circumstances took place. The Thursday's mail from Adelaide was doing the night stages between Lacepede Bay and Narracoorte, when it was overtaken by a succession of storms of rain, which rendered the swampy tracks still more swampy, and the dreary prospect still more dreary. Through some strange infatuation, one of the changingplaces on this line has recently been abolished, so that the last team of horses has to cover a stage of 26 or 27 miles. On Friday night, whilst this dis tance was being accomplished, the jaded tourafter reaching McBean's, the site of the abandoned station—turned up rusty, and objected to complete the journey. By dint of whipcord admonitions they were induced to go a mile or two onwards, but at length, aided by the darkness, they left the track, and quickly got enveloped in the swamps so thoroughly that extrication seemed impossible. Hour after hour was spent in endeavouring to get a fresh start; but all in vain. At length the coach was lightened, and the unfortunate guard had to load two of the horses with the mailbags and set off to complete the stage. For 10 miles he had to carry them thus; but this was not the worst of it, for an unlucky passenger, Mr. Charles Aubrey, of Mount Gambier, having spent his strength m trying to recover the coach, set out to walk, and trudged the whole distance in mud half-way up to his knees. The finale was that the mail arrived six hours late, and such a limitless number of " cursory" remarks were made that they could not have failed to astonish the Road Board members had they heard them. Even the Parliament could scarcely have remained callous and impracticable in the teeth of such an irresistibly eloquent appeal for road money as that embodied in the remarks alluded to. Among the trivial results of the delay was the bursting of a mailbag, which fortunately contained nothing but newspapers. NEW MINE NEAR KAPUNDA.—A new copper mine is being worked in the neighbourhood of Mr. Fotheringham's brewery, about one and a half miles from Kapunda, which seems likely to turn out welL The locality is one of the sections ef the old Reedy Creek Company, who, through their agent, have given every facility for developing the hidden wealth. At present a prospecting party are sinking a shaft, and those acquainted with mining in that neighbourhood pronounce the lode already struck a good paying one. Assays of grey ore obtained from a lode 18 inches wide, at a depth of 8 feet, show as high as 38 per cent, so that there is every prospect of the venture paying. BASE INGRATITUDE.—The Des Moines Register says that the grasshoppers recently ate up half an entire acre of tobacco for a man near that place, _ and when . the owner — went up K ™ to look ^o. at it „ they sat on the fence and squirted tobacco juice at im. 1 