THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. Quidquid agunt homies votum timor ira voluptas, Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." —JUVENAL. " Why have we made this exchange ?" asks Mr. G. P. Smith. In effect, " What is the reason of this thusness ?" and the world replieth not. The answer, if answer in satisfactory terms there be, is yet held by what M. Hugo (whose name is becoming a synonym for all that is powerfully unintelligible) would call the "speechless silence of ever-whis- pering Nature." Nobody interests himself about Mr. G. P. Smith. The world, the base world, goes about its ordinary busi- ness in a disgustingly practical manner, and turns a deaf ear to the wailing of the late Attorney-General, let him wail never so wisely. He has fallen from his high estate like Darius, and the impetuous Alexander of the Macpherson Government has made merry in his capital, has scorned his young men, kissed his maidens, and burnt his chariots with fire. It is Mr. Macpherson's turn now. "Lovely Thaïs," in the shape of Government patronage, "sits beside him, and he takes the goods the gods provide him." The Chieftain hung around with scalps, and gleaming gorgeous in his war paint, can afford to accept his defeat in silence. Not so the "white-hearted" warrior, who lurks with the old women in the tents. Nature has given him the desire for talking. He is cursed with the curse of garrulity. Each instant he leaps to his feet, and pours forth his sorrows his hopes, his envy. Poor Mr. Smith ! Fate dealt hardly with you when she made you Attorney-General, for she betrayed you into an exposition of incompetency so complete that you will never pass for an intelligent man any more. Then as to Vale. That virtuous person has been at it again. It is a peculiar weakness of Mr. Vale's that he cannot leave people alone. He is a sort of political Barkilphedro, a crea- ture who attacks out of sheer malice. I think that of all the blatant humbugs I have ever known, and I have met several, Mr. Vale is the most blatant. He resembles nothing so much as a Yan Yean pipe set up on end and spouting dirty water. The virulence with which he attacked Mr. Duffy the other night was something surprising. It was almost as good as reading the Penny Journal or the Mysteries of London—all the old lies about Jesuits, and priests, and secret societies were revived, and I thought that I was listening to a page of Maria, the Nun or The Jesuit in the Family. I do not know what amount of education Mr. Vale may have received ; judging from the manner in which he maltreats the English language, I should say not much, but unless he gained his knowledge like Sprouts, in Christopher Tadpole, by reading old numbers of sixpenny novels in the back shop at night, I think that he might have obtained some better information as to the condition of the Roman Catholic Church than he seems at present to possess. Ignorance in a person of Mr. Vale's pretensions is inex- excusable. I wonder if any Collingwood elector was in the gallery that night, and if so, I should like to hear his opinion of his representative. 1 thought to myself when I heard his scur- rilous abuse of poor Duffy (whose pension is hated by all the insolvents in the House), "And this is the martyr who sacrificed himself on the altar of purity in order to satisfy his pri- vate pique, and get rid of Jones ! Jones is not a model of a statesman, certainly, but, whatever were his faults, he had ability, which Vale has not." Enough of politics—somewhat too much, perhaps. "Lazim el giovine amil kieyf un poco," as we used to say in the Mediterranean, when the sail of the flying boat flashed white against the purple sea, and the dusky shore began to twinkle with lamps ;" il faut que jeunesse se passe, and the best way of passing it now is according to the rules of the Early- closing Association. Let it be understood that I have a profound respect for the Association, and for the kind gentle- men whose lectures assisted to promote the early closing. The notion was an excellent one, and if the good people who aired their abilities on the platform did talk a little harmless twaddle nobody was much the worse for it. But it seems to me that the early closing movement is becoming a nuisance, and that unless it is carried out in its entirety it will become an injustice. If the linendrapers, hosiers, book shops, milliners, butcher and bakers, are to close at dark, why not the publicans, hotels, supper-rooms, and music-halls ? Why should the theatres be kept open after dark ? Why should Herr Bandmann and Mr. Harwood, and the Ghost, and others, be torn from their firesides to come down and play Hamlet ? Why should the orchestra be kept up until one in the morning, and is it not gross cruelty to the gentleman in stockings to make him sit up until midnight in a costume to which he is obviously unac- customed, for the purpose of pulling a carpet to a level with the footlights ? Then, again, why should the oyster-shops be open, and why should the hardworked vendors of coffee, and the peripatetic proprietors of trotters, be obliged to ply their desperate avocations ? Has no one a word for the oppressed cabman ? –why should be be allowed to go on day after day, or rather night after night, ruining his health, killing his horses, and wearing out the roadway ? Then the policeman also. Poor wretches compelled by hard fortune to earn a miserable crust by prowling about in defence of the lives and liberties of sleeping citizens, shall not some rest be found for them, and shall they not be permitted to go home early also ! What is sauce for the goose is also sauce for the gander, and if the Early Closing Association compel one set of labourers in this world's vineyard to cease the treading the winepress six hours sooner than was their wont, why not extend the same favour to other persons ? Let us be fair and square, you know. When is the new Town-hall going to be opened ! From my position against one of The Argus office posts I have gazed at it so long that I am nearly stone-mind, and al- though I was affiliated early in life to the Rakatan, which is a Sarawakian tribe who live in hollow trees and have no language, I take an interest in the archi- tecture of my adopted country. I have wondered long, moreover, as to the use of those spiky things on the top of the building (they look like egg-cups which have passed a bad night), and am anxious to see to what use they will be put. An erratic friend of mine, who has strong democratic tendencies, avows that they will fulfil the same office as that usurped by the Parisian lanternes, and that when Victoria becomes a republic they will be used for the hanging of Constitution- alists. The floods have behaved most abominably. I was led to believe that Melbourne would be swamped on Monday, and that all my creditors would die. I am sorry to say that I have been disappointed. The rains fell and the winds blew, but the floods refused to rise. There was certainly a miserable sort of imitation deluge along the Richmond- road, and the proverbial house floated down the river, but that was all. There was no "sensation" at all. I expected to find that the whole town would be under water, and that I might make something out of the sav- ing of drowning people, but I was disap- pointed. It is hard when a man is bent on an act of philanthropy he is prevented from performing it. I had fully resolved to distinguish myself, and make a little money, and I am disgusted. What is the use of a flood, if nobody is drowned ? We might just as well have had fine weather. Moreover, I may suggest that the admirable nullity of the City Council is quite frustrated by this ridi- culous adaptation of the weather to the requirements of the town. It must be most disheartening to those gentlemen who have consistently opposed the engineering works contemplated along the Yarra bank, when they find that their exertions have been quite useless, and that no lives have been lost. However, it is not for me to speak. I did hope that a few of those persons who have been silly enough to permit me to owe them money would have perished in the waters, but as Fate has decreed otherwise, I must not repine. After all, my case is not so desperate. I have only been some two years in Melbourne, and I already owe nearly a thousand pounds. I am thinking of opening a bank — when I can get a good stout crowbar. Q. 