THE NEWS OF THE BAY. The City Council hold their usual weekly meeking this afternoon, whon the principal point of discussion will no doubt bo tho 'organ' queBtioD, (ib the report of the Town Hall committoo recommending that ' Mr Sar good shall be allowed to draw bills to tho amount ol £4000 dariag the construction of tho new organ and for its payment' will be tiken into consideration ; whilst Aid. Cohen has n notice of motion to the effect that counsel's opinion bo taken as to tho legality of expend ing money in the pnrshase o! an orgaD, which will slightly o'.nsh with thn report, und will no doubt causa a warm disanssion. Cr. A. K. Smith's motion respecting bisyles, &?., in the streets ia also oa the papor for considera tion. At the Botanical Gardens considerable pro gress has been made with tho embankment and lake works, which are now in so forward a state that it is hoped thct by the end of tho month the lagoon will bo again filled from the Yarra, find the present barren patch of land converted into an ornamental sheet of water, Dariag tlio past week large additions kavo been made to the insular plantations, near the bridge at the eastern entrance. It ia to-be hoped that the Yarra water will not have the samo effect on these plants an it bad upon some Peruvian bark plants a few months uinco, many of which were injured and aoms destroyed through being watered from the river. This occurred at the time the dead fish were found floating about in tho river, and waa attributed to tome poisonous compound thrown into tho water by tho factories situated higher up the stream. The ship Forness Abbey, consigned 6o Messrs Diokeon, AVilliama and Co., was released from quarantine on Saturday morning, and arrived in Hobson's Bay yeBterday afternoon ; the whole of the erew, pnsseugora and the pilot having submitted to the process of vaccination prior to release. It appears that the ship might bave been subjected to a longer detention through the obstinacy of a portion of the crew, who refused to be inoculated. Fortunately, however, they did come to their senses and wore operated upon en Saturday morning. Captain Paddle, of the Aloxandrn, reports having bad ?&. narrow escape from runniag into a vessel, bottom up, on the night of the 9th inat. Had it beon daylight instead of night, ho would havo Btopped and inspected the wreck; bnt owing to tho night being very dark and Equally, he kept on Lub courso, Capo Bridgewater bearing at the timo VJ. by N. J N., distance 25 miles. An aotion at law, it is understood, is now being proceeded with by a gentloman favorably known as a bandicapper amongst tho sporting circles of Victoria, against another penon who has recently joined the turf in this colony. The action has arisen from remarks made by the defendant in one of tbe principal hotels of this city, which wero of a such grossly offensive and inexcusable character that the plaintiff has considered it his duty to call upsn tho defendant to retract his words, or uns-.vor /or them before tho Snprome Court. Tho plaintiff, however, heforo proceeding to law, oftered, if the de fendant would withdraw tho objectionable words and pny £20 to the Melbourne Hospital, to stay all farther proceedings ; but tho proposi tion was not accepted, and the action will, therefore, bo carried on. The Supremo Couit eat in Banco on Satur day, the Chief Justice and Mr Justice Williams being present. Ten decisions were given, leaving throe or four standing over till the first day of next term. Amongst those is the Bask of Van Diemen's Land v. Bank ef Victoria. Tho usual bar dinner took place on Saturday evening, at Scott's Hotel. A correspondent indignantly complains of various breaches of good taste and decorum which mar his enjoyment of many a fino per formance in the Theatre Koyal — offences per petrated not by the actors bnt by a portion of the audience ; and he nays that tho Press, while criticising what appears on tho stage, should occasionally dovote its strictures to somo of tho proceedings in the dress-;ircle. 'There is snch a constant passing to and fro,' he writes, ' of persons coming in late or going out Rt au8^asoiiablo times, that tbo delivery of some of tha most beautiful aod impressive passages is marred ; bnt the most objactionable proceed ing of all is the reckless scramble which takes place, especially in the dress- circlo, during tho few minutes before the clcsa of the piece. Nothing can bo more vulgar or in worse taste than this unseemly msb, and, I am sorry to. say, that the ladies are apparently tho chief of fenders. It is not tint I am annoyed in my own person by being deprived of the pleasnre of hearing what is going on upon the stage ; but I am often heartily ashamed at the exhibition of vulgarity — such positively insulting conduct towards the ladi s or gontlo men, as the caso may be, on tho stage, who, often after exhausting themselvoa in entertain ing tbe uublio ore rudely set down, the reiined pablio actually turning its back upon them. In this respect many of tha superfine folk in the dress-circle aro guilty of vulgar rudeness of which the merest gallery-boy would bo ashamed.' Wo fear our correspondent ia quite right. There ia no necessity for tins ruin out of tho; dress-circle, which spoils the conclusion of many a good piece, and must be felt by many an actor and actress as an insult. Nothing of the' kind seems to occur — at least to such an extent — in sthcr portions of tbe theatre ; and, ntany. rulo, from the dress-oircle we should ex-: poet good manners, not rudenesB. Mr Minnie lectnr?B this evening at tho Aca demy of Musio, in aid of the Early Closing Association, and there will doubtless be the brilliant attendance which baa always wel comed bin raro viBits to the platfornr. The learned gentleman's subject is 'Loyalty, Royaltj, and the Prince's Visits.' Of course it is impossible to say how bo will treat his th'zmb, but we may be assured that it will be rationally, with the good sense and wit whioh usually characterise his deliveranoes. The velocipedes at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday afternoon served to uttfact an attendance of abont ten thousand spectators, but the performance of the. new- fashioned vehicles seems to bave been anything but interesting. Mr Finlay was the winner of the £20 prize ; the second, ol £5, being taken by Mr. Warnpok, of Emerald-hill. Next to tho velocipede races in point of importance among the events was the M. C. C. Cup,, run for at disianoen of 200, 449 and SSO yards. It was won by Mr (Z. J. Bignoll, the value of the s'ako being £46. Harris ran for two of the events, bat was heavily handicapped, and failed to overcome tho consequent disadvantage. The Croxlon Pork Steep'eobases cams off on Saturday. Tho attendance was small, owing to ths Athletic Sports tiking place on the came day ; however, some fifteen handrod or two thousand persons found their way to tbo grounds, and wore well repaid lor their trouble. The velocipede races excited littlo or no interest compared to the cross country events, which wero full of interest. The Maiden Steeplechase was secured by Jumping Frog, el was 'he Hurdle Rice, but it sub sequently transpiring that tho Frog bad shirked one of the (lights of lianila?, the prize descended to the next in order, Nana Sahib. Bondo, of cross-country fame, turned tho tables on bis recent victor, Harlequin, winning a grand race by several lengths, Cyclono ter minating an unfortunate career by breaking down, after falling twice very heavily, ani (riving hig rife, Lierach, a tremendous shaking. Tho Open Hurdle Raco was won by Playboy, owing to the balking and falling of Klis, and to tbe connivance of tho rider of Planet, who deliberately pulle.l his korse, and permitted Playboy to win. Tho stewards, however, were determined to mark their sense cf Hudson's part iu tho affair, and disqualified him from riding or training any horeo for nny race un der the Victoria Racing Club rules for o period of twelve months. It is a pity that those be hind the scenes cannot be made to share in the sentence. Our Svilney files aro to the 7th of July. In tho Herald of that date wo find this curisns rmoux : — 'A gentleman connected with the Great Western interior is said to have drawn an order for £250 upon the Colonial Treasurer in anticipation of a fuvorablo award in a case lately submitted to arbitration by tho Govern ment.' Wo have Adelaide files to tbo 8th of Jnly, but tho noWBha3, as usual, been anticipated. Mr Weld, the new Governor of Western Aus tralia, will probably be in South. Anstralia before very long. Private letters state that ho Bailed by tho City of Adelaide, which loft England on the 13th of May, aud tho Pcrlh Inquirer slates that tidings bad been received to the effect that ho was on his way |to Western Aus tralia via Adelaide. The .Register learns from a private Uttor received from England tbot tho honor of knighlhood will be conferred upon Captain Sturt. thn intrepid Australian explorer, and that Mr R. R. Torrena will receivo tho Companionship of tho Bath. A man named John Hunter, a resident of Had Jon, came to a lamentable end tho other dny, as the Sinythesdale correspondent of the Star describes : — ' Hnntor was a widower. Some tima ago he lost a son by drowning, near Bnrrnuibnet, and bad, it seems, been a prey to melancholy ever since. Besides, his worldly offaira had not been bo promising as ho desired. Housed to teach in a school at Haddon, bnt latterly he was mining in the Gladstone Com pany, Two of his children, a boy about nine years of age and a girl about fiftoen, resided with him. ft™ expression? he hud cs^d to somo of bis neighbors it seems that bis mind was in an extremely depressed stato for somo timo prior to hiu death. On Thursday, it aDPOars he cave tho oirl a few pounds in money he had, and intimated to her that all his little effects were hers. He ahso invited one of his acquaintances to call round sooa to sea him. The docoased tbat evening, it seems, went to bed as usual in bis own apartment, and in tho morning he was found lying dead on the floor, with a razor firmly clutched in his right hand, and hia throat cut.' No speculation appears so much to have taken the fancy of the general publio as tho Diamond Minos Company. The share list closed on Saturday last, and, up to the time of the closing of Messrs . Clarke and Co.'s office, applications for shares were flowing in. It is supposed that whon the returns are in from the conntry it will bo found that tho applications are in excess of the num bor to be allotted. The agent* in Sydney re ceived instructions to allot d.1 many us 4000 shares, and we are informed that on Saturday a telegram wan received from them asking for power to allot 6000, but of courna this could not be granted. It ie said that about 350 ratepayers in Fitzroy will be disfranchised thia year, owing to their rates not having been paid on 20th June. There might be gome comfort in Baying tbot they have been rightly served, if iL could be supposed tbat they would care for their dis qualification, but those who deliberately risk tho forfeiture of their political rights aro evi dently indifferent to tbeir degradation. Upon tho arrival of the steamer Wonga Wonga, from Sydney, early on Saturday morn ing, dotective Hiiduon went on boird and arrested Richard Thos. Bellamy (*ho wbb a passenger in the vessel) on a warrant charging him with wilful and corruptperjary, in makiug a declaration that he was twenty-one years oJ age when he was married, whereas he wbb only eighteen. The prisoner was subsequently brought beforo ttia city magistrates and re manded until Tuesday, but was admitted to bail in two sureties of £50 each. He acoouutod for his non-appearance before the bench on Thursday by saying that tho steamer bo intended oomipg by did not leave Sydney on the adver tisod dato, and he was consequently delayed. Many of the visitors to tbe Masonic ball last Wednesday, were disagreeably surprised by finding that their overcoatf, cloaks, &C;, were non cst whon wanted. A great number of complaints of this sort were made to tbo honorary secretary, Mr Goo. R. Johnson, and ho then discovered that among tbe mieaing articles were many he had given to a man named Burridge, who, ai caretaker of tho Princesa Theatre, resides on the spot. He ap plied to this man for the return of the goods which had been entrusted to him, and was coolly informed -that he knew nothing about him. Mr Johnson accordingly oltaiued a search warrant, and upou detective Mackny proceeding to tho premises, he found no leas than six gentlemen's overcoats, three ladies' cloak?, three hits, an opaia g'ar, ani some other small articles of attire. Tne prisoner was brought before tbe magistrates at tbe City Court oa Saturday, and remanded until Wed nesday. The two men who were arrested on Friday night on the charge of 'riotously assembling and breaking into the premises rented by Mr Wright, at tho re6r of tbe CrloBieum' were brought before the city benoh nnd remanded until Tuesday, without any of the facts of the case being gone into, .as the police want to ap prehend tho other five men before opening tho case, which is simply one of disputed title. Tho ' Cambrian mystery' still very naturally and properly furnisbea materials for specula tion to the Star. Says onr contemporary, as to tbe circumotancfs iu connection with the burning of John Brown's hotel, at Cambrian Hill, Homo timo aince : — ' We find that several circumstances connected with tho burning have caused some people in tha neighbor hood to be rather doubtful as to tbe evi dsnea taken at the inquest being correct. Two men, who were boarders at tbo hotel, could, we believe, Uave given evidence n.% to what passed at the timo of which the barmaid spoke, corroborating or disagreeing with her; as tho case might bo ; but iib they wero both in a etato of drunkenneas the evi dence of one witness was allowed to bo the en tire groundwork upon which tho verdiot of tbe jury was based. Rumor has it — whore tho story got it3 riso we cannot say — that the man supposed to be killed waa a man who was known to have drawn £350 from the bank, or had it remitted to him, and it is thought that ha was murdered for the money, and the hotel set on fire to conceal tbe crime. It certainly does not seem very probable that a man would fun through the flames of a burning housa for tbo sake of reBc'uing a small sum of money. Thera ia no person in the country missing ; bat in a colony like this, with strollers passing : along its roads everyday, people are not closely looked after.' A 0130 of considerable importance both to squatters aad selectors has juit been di cMeil in the Aravat police court, tha do cisioa amounting, as tbe Ararat Advertiser poiuti ou^ tu a prohibition of the entry upon saluctious recommended by the com m'ssioners before tho licence to ocoupy shall have been granted by tho Board of Land and Works. It is from the Advertiser we obtain the pith of the caso : — ' John M'Leod applied for a selection on the Baangor run, held by Mr Colin Campbell, and was informed that the granting of hia loose would be recommended. Upon the strength of this he took possession of the ground, and commenced breaking it up with the plough. Thia was high'y injurious to Mr Campbell, as tho land wa» near bis sbeep^&h; ; so, believing tbo recommendation to bave been obtained by faide representations, he submitted evidence thereof to the board. He a'.so warned M'Lood to desist from ploughing, but that in dividual took no notice of the warning. Then a letter came down from the board to gay. tbat the issue of the lioence had been stoppod or the proeont, and again he was cau tioned og.iinst continuing to plough. Other letters arrived whioh mute it eppear cer tain that tbo lease would bo refused, and yet M'Leod refaeed to refrain fiom turning tip the ground. Thortfore he was summoned in tho poliua cenrt. for wilfal and inaliciona damago, when big counsel opposed to tho letters, from the Land Office, ono from Kr Poeppell, district surveyor, expressing an opinion that the lease would be granted in less than a month. Upon this it was argued that defendant had committed no offence, havin-* acted under the roaaonable belief that he had a right to bo on the ground. The bench de cided otherwiao, and wero about to impose a penalty, when Mr Campbell asked only for the nominal fine of Is without costs, bis only ob ject beiEg to stay M:Leod in his trespass.' The total number of persons arrived at tho Port of Melbonrne during the past week by way of seaboard was 377 : From neighboring colonies, 338 (of this number thora came from New Zealand 115).; United Kingdom, 34; Gottenburg, 1 ; Point de Galle, 3 ? New York, 1. Kyneton appears to be now deing remarkably well. According to a local journal, after a struggling oxirtenco of fourteen years, tha Kyneton Gns Company has emerged from its difficulties, and is now entirely free from debt. Oao result of this is that thov are about to re duce tho price of gas by us per 1000 feet. ' The quality of the g3s will, we understand, bo improved, and it is not improbable that an extension of shares in the company — to make it more a consumers' one — will bo attempted.' A largo and brilliant moteor was seen from Sandhurst on Thursday, shortly after tivelvo o'clock. ' In its descent it took a course from near the zenith towards tho northern horizon, Imreting into the most brilliant-colored sparka. The meteor as it commenced to descend ap peared to be of ii balloon sbapa, and was observable for at least two or three seconds be fore it finally disappeared.' As a local contemporary reports, ' the ordi narily quiet township of Ballan waB nearly frightenod out of its propriety during the paat week by a report of ' Bticking up ' on the Ballarat-road. Visions of the past romed up ?oino of tho old identities ; rifle s that would fire, and guns that wouldn't, were called into requisition. ' There was mounting in hot ?nnsto,' rma r.U were ready for tho fray, whun upon further inquiry it was ascertained that tho mail coach had boon ' stuck up' a few mites on the other aide of the Gordons by — the mud- Woefu! was tho disappointment to tho would- bo captors of (ha daring bushran gers whon tho truth waa known, and it waa found that loads of metal (raid) and hot men of metal were needed to prevent a recurrence of the to-be-dreadod event.' Not a bad joke for the West Bourhe Guardian. A'iout one o'clock on tho morning of Satur day, the glare of a firo was seen in tbe direction of Kesv or Hawthorn. Tho Melbourno fire brigade started for the scene, but beforo they had arrived half way to Hawthorn, the fira was apparently extinguished, aud they returned . to town. Mr Hoad, the superintendent, sent out to Hawthorn later on Saturday, to find out where the fira occurred, bot was unablo to ob tain any information ; and it is therefore be lieved that it was only uome wooden outhouse that was burned. The schooner Northern Light arrived yester day, with a full cargo, from tho wreck of tho Hurricane. The principal portion of the rescued property consists of spirits and beer. An acoident occurred about naif-past five o'clock yostcrlay afternoon, at Messrs M'Caw'a sale yards, Bourke-Btreet west, which resulted in the death of an old man well-known about the yards by tho name of Jorry Jones. The deceased bad been oat in the country to fetch a young horae in, and when in the yards, he in cautiously gave it a tap on the side to make it move out of his way, but the beast immediately kicked out and Btruck the old man severely in tho right side. He was removed to the Hos pital in a Btito of insensibility, bnt diod within five minutes of hia admission, from tho internal injnries ho had received. A man named Cornolius Ryan, aged twenty nine, was also admitted to the Hospital, at an early hour yes terday morning, from Oakleigb, where he had aooidentally fraotHred hia left log by slipping into a hole in the dark. Soma further particulars concerning the whito boy foutd among tho aboriginals near .Yass aro published by tho Courier : — ' One day lately Mr Sub-inspector ? Brennan had occasion to visit the blacks' camp near Kurajong, a few miles from Yass, and discovered apparently a greater degree of ]& white blood than is usual in half ca3tos in ono of the picaninoie3 running about. Thia led tbe inspector to make inquiriea as to hia parentago, &a.;, when it was discovered that the little fellow, who is about eleven years of ago, is the child of whito parents. It appears that hia name is Copland, that his mother resides in Goulbnrn, that hia father ia employed at Breakfast Creek, near Burrowa, and that tho child became so fascinated by tho nemadic life pursued by the blaoks that he joiriei their camp at Geulburn some five or six months ago, and has since shared their ' bed and board.' When discovered by Mr Brennan tbe boy wns nearly as blackskinned as many of tho children around him, and in every respect appoared tabs a half caste aboriginal. The inspector had him at once brought into town and thoroughly olesnsed. The child must have bean strangely neglected when he was permitted to become an inmate of tue blacks' camp, and to remain so many momhs without inquiries having been instituted. It seems he joined the Ybeb blacks at the time thoy visited Gonlburn with a view to see Prinoe Alfred.' The Bakers' National Short-hour League held thoir first regular meeting on Saturdaynigbt, at tbo Australia Felix Hotel ; the pret ident in tho chair. The committ3e submitted a codoof rules for tbe governance of the league, which was adopted, and after eomo routine business, and tho enrolment of members, a disoussion ensued as to the hour whon the trade should, commenco work. On the proposition of Mr Burrill, the leaguo resolved ' That tb6 hour for commencing work bo four a.m., in all ten hours per day, inoluding tho timo required foe sponge or making dough. Sunday bakings to be abolished, and that in future all journeymen bakers shall on no consideration agree to live or board in their employers' premises.' Tho local correspondent of a Geolong con temporary states that Mr Thos. Oarpentor arrived on Ballarat on Thursday night, and was about tho Cornor next day. ?' Mr Carpen ter's shadow is not any lisa for Mb trip, and the horrors of the Rtd Sea, of which he aeema to have an pleasant recollection, have appa rently affected him in no manner. Mr Carpen ter complains a good deal of the opposition met with from Sir Roderick Murchiaon, who by frequently repeating his opinion that gold in Australia waa a thing ' hero to-day and gono to morrow,' didmuoh to prevent the success of the Winter's Freehold and Great North-west Companies.' ? A notable caao of child desertion cams be fore the Geelong Polioe Court en Friday. ' Two ' littlo girls named Ryan wero charged as neg lected children, and the evidence Bhowed that their mother was deserted by tbe father at Mortlako about two years back. Since then abe has evidently formed an intimacy with somo other man, for ahe is now again enceinte. Latoly she made an application to have the children admitted into the Industrial Schools connected with lUo oonvent, but tho bench de clined to make the order for thoir committal without a noto from some of tho Catholio clergy. Thia she seems to have tried to obtain, bat could not do so, and finding that she was near her canfinement, she on Thursday departed per train fer Molbourne, Bending the two children with a lioto to sergeant Morton up to tho police cinrt. Thoy were remanded until Monday fnr the evidence of tbo man who haa formed the acquaintanco of their mother. There ia a war rant out for the arrest of the fatker, who, we believo, is known at Mortlake, and also at Drysdale.' Tho unfortunate ohildran cannot be left to perish, but if the mother or her para mour cannot be punished or compelled to pay, our industrial school system will soem to somo extent a premium for profligacy. Touohing the Milmsbury Waterworks, tho j Guardian states that Mr Dwyer has made such g good progress with his contract for the com-* plelion of the great dam, that all danger frr-m j winter floods is now at an end. ' The j puddle wait of the embankment, at the eastern end, is now almost up to the level of the outlet tunnel at tho western end. The weather has certainly been favoiablo to the contractor ; but, apart from thia, ha has displayed an energy in the carrying on of the works which might bo | advantageously imitated by other Government f contractors. There are now about 250 men -u- | gaged on Ihe worku. No commencement bos £ et been made with tho conlract for clearing I I i: 'he bod of the reservoir, anil :t is rumored, £& what omonnt of truth wo aro nnablo to jav that the snoccssfnl tenderer has repented of hw bargain.' Oar contemporary contrad.cta the Btatemmt recently made, that some of the iron pipes in tho outlet tunnel had been taken ont nnd replaced by other*. A«corcKDS to the Government Astronomer, *!,„ ^..nihor dnrine the pant OTok was Hue nnd pleasant, with light ram showers on the oth. 6 h and mglii of the 9th, amounting to 0 46 inches, nmki.g the total rainfall since January 1nt 9 95 inches r.s compared with an average of 11-63 inches .luring the hut eleven yean. The higheBt reading of the barometer, |-0 320 inches occurred on Iho 4th; the lowest, 29.781 £chL, o.i the .6th, in both cases with light northerly wi^e. which wa. the prcvaitag direction throughout ; tbo highest tempera turo in tho shade, 62 depr., waa recorded on tho 9th ; the lowest, 3G.0 dcg., on the same da£he report of the public works committee oJ the Geelong Corporation, at ttieir last meet in,, recommendiDg that £1500 should be bor rowed on debentures for improving tho town, waa theD, after a very warm dwcnasion, re ferred back to thorn to preparo a schedule of tho proposed works. This was completed by them at their meeting on Thursday night, and the following ia a Bummary of their calcula tions for tbo various wards :— Barircn ward, jm.ioo . TUHsrino ward. £2139 ; Kardima ward £1282 ; Thorajon ward, £1058 ; Yil kmanta ward, £1933 ; total, £8500. New cattle yards, £4000; abattoirs, £2000 ; manure depot, £500 ; total, £15,000. A decidedly remarkable shot, bringing down eighty-seven birds, is reported ta an Ade laide paper. ' Ono who counted them thus writes to Iho Register :— ' A resident of Mel rose, being unnojed by n large flock of parrots clamorously hovering over a bed of choice vege tables, cot his gun, and as tho offenders pnBBed within easy range immediately overnuaa, ne lot drive, nnd down they camo like a shower of hail, to the sportsman's inexpressible surprise, which no doubt was scarcely oqnailed by that of the nnanspecting birds. It is a fact that eighty-B6vcu foil as the result of oneebnrgc.' There was a viry good house at tho Theatre Eoyal on Sitnrtlay evening, upon tho occasion Of tho same bill being represented as on the previous night, Mr Montgomery and Mus Clevoland playing the leading parts in ' Antony and Cleopatra.' Tho ufterpieco was Tobin a comedy, 'Tho Honeymoon,' in which Miss Bowring was lor.dly applauded for her admir able rendering of the character of Juliana. ilr Coppin playod the Mock Duke with great— very meat hnmor. Mr Montgomery waa, of course, tho Bake Aranza. To night Hamlet ib to be played, Mias Olnveland playing tho Queen and Miss Rowring Ophelia. ? WcbIou's Opera Houso was well attended on Qotnr^avp.vaniDcr. Tho principal song inthoiirut part 'Ring the Bell, Watchman,' was loudly applauded, as was the ever popular absurdity. 'Tobias and Biaucaf.' Mr Rainford sang the scena ' ThoWolt' with great force, and was loudly applauded, and tho laughter which erected tho ' Ghost in a Pawn-shop' was loud and long oontinned. To-night an entirely new programme is to bo presented, containing amongst other comicalities a local farce en titled ' Melbourne Omnibus Company aud Jap on-Knees.' ? Mr Joseph Soden, photographer, St. Kilda, desires to explain that he was not the defen- dent (giving a similar name) in a recent Kyneton police case. Foremost among the many fine specimens of colonial workminfihip turned eut by Messrs Alcock and Co. is a new hlackwood billiard table, justerootod at the FremanonB1 Hotel, for tho uso of the numerous boating clnbs, whose headquarters are at that houso. The tablo has boon pronounced by Mr Hughes, tho celebrated billiard player, ono of tho truest he overplayed on. The Sotton Ladies' School. — We observe that it is on Wednesday, the 14th inst., this establishment opens. It is represented as a speciality of the enterprise that in order to en sure a more solid education than that which is given in most ladies' achoola, e7ery subject .aught ia gentlemen's oohools wili be tanght in this establishment, when required, by tho visiting masters. 