STREET POLITICIANS. IV----s: Well, John, anything fresh in town? I hare just returned from Warwick. I--p-- : hNot very much. I have been thinking over Pring's appointment, and hare come to the con clusion that we are cooked unless he is put out for the Burnett. You and I helped to oust him once for Ipswich, and I don't think it would be amiss if we tried it again in the Burnett. l'--I-s: But I hear Connolly has promised to see him through, and has promised him his influence. HM p--/: I don't believe that; after the way he abused Gayndah and the Gayndahites in the Honuse lie would not stand a ghost of a chance against Clapporton. I'll write to him; he'll lick him into a cocked hat. T'.---s-: True, John; but the thing is to get Clapperton to aland. Did you notice that Bramston is spoken of as a likely man to oppose him. f--p --y : Broamstol be hanged-he's got no chace, lie's only out as a blind. I see also that Tom Jones, son of old Dickey, isalso brought forward to prevent a better man from standing. Those Brisbaneites are cute fellows, but they'll fail in their railway attempt yet, and their ends will be worse than Phalton's. Did yon notice when at Allora several crates of cabbages and no. ed of murphys that went ,from here thero. I-1i-s : I did, John, see a large quantity of greens at Allora, and was told they came all the way from Ipswich. But who is Photton ? .f--y-: Fisnd out--I thought every one knew who be was. Here's T-n and H-d-sn coming. Sam is not looking so well since the Rifle Association meeting at Brisbane; did you notice he fired best on the Inst day. -:-l--os.: I did, John ; and know the reason why le fired so well, and that's more than you know : one oThib Ipsawich friends at the match told him how he could improve on his first day's firing, and le took the hint. " I--p-y: Yes; but the rest of the Ipswich men did best on the first day. (Entor T- n and II-d--s.) Good day; good day. How was it, II--d-n; all the Ipswich men except yourself did so badly after the first day at the butts? It-d--a : I au. sure I can't exactly say. Some I am afraid were too elated after the first day, and held their opponents too cheaply; others took an extra pill' or so. asnd saw double ; but I beliera the real cause of the bhad iring was a split in the target, about the centre, large enougl to sllow one's hand to go through, hlis, when our men hit anywhere about there it was gemerally marked 0. 3f-p-?;.' r hen yeo were chiselled ? I heard so, but.did otf-.believe it before. f--?1-n : Yes. Mf--p,-y : Oh, thetvillainy of those Brisbane chaps. Did yo?, W-l-s, go to Lucky Valley when yon wern at Warwick ? '--l--: No. What about Eekdale, George ? T----a: hight, W---s. Mac is a long time sendiing Aphn there. Didn't ihe promise. you, M-p-.y, he would send him there long ago? How muchi 1ite Govermnent tIhisk of t!5e six Ipswich mem bers--oe-:fifth of the Hlouse! ,I au glad all your ayes are opened it lust, and you have agreed to oust thenm. If Groom, or even Thornton, wanted Aplin, ihe would be sent to thesm at once: 3--Al--y: He did promise to send Aplin to Eskdale. I am told the counstry there is not merely auriferous, but is also argentiferous. I'---- s: Wlhat do you say to a trip there, John P If we ltort now wsa aball have first choice of claims. I: know you are a good judge of gold.bearing country. You have often gopne prospecting before now. 31-p-g- : 1 don't mind going if you give a pledge to lie lesI selfish. ll-d-- : 1 agree with you. If Fraser, or Jordan, or Kevin wanted Aplin to inspect Frog's Hollow for gold they would only have to hold up their little lingesr, and he would he sent there instanter. .f--p-y : )on't blame MIae ; I'll write to him again about sending ApIlin up the Brisbano River. I am done with the Government though. They are cooked. I can't see what is to save them. They have got to that pitch now that they will not even deign to answer a letter of mine. That fellow \--p--s,I begin to think with you George, is entirely wrapped up with Brisbane. He's no good. I am deceived with him. He's doing all in his power to injure this town. T- n : I told you that long ago, John. H--d --n Did you notice, M--p-y, how Mac, at Jetter's banquet, gave T-p-n and myself a clip, and put a good word in for the silent memberse You most know, M-p-y, that Mac never likes anyone with an idea in his bead-not that T-p-n and myself have any ideas, or that you have not an idea but you must know that lots of tilhe chaps who follow him blindly in the House, and out of it, have not one. Mf-p-y: True, H-d--n; half the members of the House are as stupid as jackasses. T---s : That new powder magazine will have to be shortly shifted again. I am thinking of buying one of the nice little eminences overlooking it at the north side and building there. I find my health is not so good now on the road to Macalister's Pocket as it was some years ago. \---d--nl: Surely you don't live near Macalister's Pocket, W-1-s. Lucky man ! f-p-y : I am afraid there's no difference these times between Macalisteor's pocket and any of ours. If this season's crop turns out well the district is mado. Did you see the sheaf of wheat that was grown on the Reserve? T-- : I did, John; it was splendid-finer than any I ever saw on the Darling Downs. Mi-p-y: This is the finest agricultural district in the colony. You may talk about Toowoomba or Warwick ; why they are nearly cooked there already. I hear they are all coming down under the range as fast as they can sell out above. We can lick them in growing wheat, cotton, sugar, aye, and in growing murphys. Did you notice there is an Immigration Aid Society in Brisbane. T--? : Yes, and the object of that society is to prevent any new chums with money from coming here to West Moreton, and to get as many people as possi ble to settle in East Moreton. -2?-sc : We'll have to counteract that; we must thwart them in their schemes some way or other. if-p-y : Leave that to me. i--d--n: But they can grow better sugar than we can in East Moreton. il--p-y: No, I deny it. P-f-s: No doubt sugar-growing in East More ion is a great success, but that success is owing entirely to cheap labour-to coloured labour. \--- : True, W-l-s, Queensland will produce this year six months' supply for the whole colony. Look at that and weep, John. W-1--s: I must go in for South Sea Islanders. If Brookes and his satellites had had their way this enormous saving to the country would not have taken Ooes: Niggers for ever! [Erect.] The ploeghing match at Onley Creek on Thursday seems to have passed off very well. At the dinner which followed, Colonel Bllackall, in responding to the toast of his health, is thus reported in the Courier: The Governor, on rising, was received with hearty cheers. He sanid: It will be diflicult for me to find words to express my thanks for the manner in which your chairman has proposed my health, and for the manner in which you have received it, and I will assure you that I have much more pleasure in finding my health drunk in this manner than I have in per forming very many of my duties in this colony. (f'ear, hear.) I am very glad indeed to have this opportunity of coming amongst you and seeing your country, seeing your industry, and seeing your energy, and I have not the slightest doubt that that industry and that energy will eventually be well rewarded. (Cheers.) Your chairman has kindly adverted to me as not making distinction between any classes in this community, and I think that it would be very improper of me if I did make any such distinction, because I believe that the future prosperity of such colonies as this depends essentially upon the prosperity of all classes. (Cheers.) My idea is that the great attraction of sueh a colony as Queensland to those who are about to emigrate-and I believe we are about to receive a large number of immigrants during next year-is that we are all equal, and that there is nothing to prevent any man with industry, even if he does not bring capital, from arriving at that position so envied by the people of England, a landed pro prietor. (Cheers.) I think this will attract to our shorii the best class of immigrants we can desire men of ambition and perseverance. We do not want loafers out here; we want men who will put their shoulders to the wheel, and I sincerely trust that these men will never he disappointed. (Loud cheers.) I have lately had an opportunity of visiting a large por tion of this colony, which perhaps many of you have not seen, and I am happy to say that I have found everywhere the same energy and deter mination which I have seen displayed about hero -(hear, hear)--ad I feel further gratified to be able to say that everywhere I have gone I hove found the same loyalty to the Queen which you have shown, and the same kindness--and that is saying a great deal- that I have ever received in and about Brisbane. (Cheers.) I feel very much pleased with all I have seen to-day. It is not the first ploughing match I have been present at in Queensland, and it has struck me that there is a great equality in the merits of the ploughmen; and I have said before, when I have had the pleasure of being present at gatherings of this kind, that the judges have a dilficult task to decide who are to have the premiums. (Cheers.) I am sure the ploughmen themselves will acknowledge that the judges have done their boest under the diffi cult circumstances in which they have been placed, and I think I can safely say there will be no jealousy respecting their decisions. (Hear, lear.) I am so pleased with the match and the competition I have seen that I. hope you will allow me to become a member of your society, and I shall be happy next ycar to offer a special prize. (Great cheering.) I amcon vineed that these meetings effect great good, tending, as they do, to draw us together, make us better acquainted with one another, and to strengthen our feelings of loyalty and friendship. (Hear, hear.) In forwarding the interests of the agricultural population of Queensland I feel that I am advancing the general interests of the colony, and whether it be the agricultural, mining, or pastoral interest, it is my duty, as the representative of HIe Majesty, to do everything I can to forward them so long as I see that they are conducted in a straight forward and honourable manner. (Cheers.) I know no one who is better able to instruct you in agricul tural matters than your chairman, or who is better qualified to place your requirements before the Government. (Hear, hear.) You are perfectly well aware that so far as I am concerned I can only re commend measures, and I have no doubt that you can see as well as myself that it is on the population of this colony we must depend for prosperity ; and if I am to judge from what I have seen to-day, I feel con fident that you will be amongst the foremost in bring ing Queensland to that proud position she seems des tined to occupy, as one of the first colonies under the British Crown. (Cheers.) I thank you for your kind ness towards me to-day, and hope I shall again have tho pleasure of meeting you on a similar oceasion. (Pro longed cheering.)-The award of the judges was read by tlee secretary as follows :-Wheel Ploughs.-First prize, £3, Robert Wilson ; second, £2, Grimes ; third, £1, Gee. Lambert. Swing Ploughs.-First prize, £3, William Carr; second, £2, Andrew Phillips, third, £1, Robert Owen. Boy's Match.-First prize, £3, Thomas tfaudealey ; second, £2, Wm. Lyon; third, £1, Geo. Donaldson. The areaof ground ploughed by each man was forty perches, and the time allowedfour hours. Only three entered in the boy's match. A very ingenious device for sheltering the heads of horses has been put into practice by Mr. James Ander son, of Spring Hill. It consists of a neat contrivance made of leather, which is attached to the winker straps, and stands a few inches above the horse's head. It is not in tile way of any movement which the animal may make, as we had opportunity for observing, and it secures continuous shade, and con sequent coolnese, over the head. The contrivance is decidedly a good and homoane one, and Mhr. Anderson deserves well for his invention.-Courier. On Sunday morning last a shocking accident oc curred to a Mrs. Leslie, the wife of a miner residing on Caledonisn Hill. She was cookingdinner at the fire withl her infant in her arms, wlion tile wind blew the flames on to her dress, which immediately caught tre. Fenaring thather child would bei.gjured, the pour woman lost her presence of mind, and cran into the house ; throwing her baby upon a bed she ruished out into the open air screaming for help, but, before assistance could be rendered she was terribly burned from the waist upwards. The unfortunato woman is under the care of Dr. Burke, and is in a very precas rious condition. Need we add any comment in refer ence to the danger of theiC unguarded out-door fires ? \--GOgypie Ilies. 