VICTORIA. -. Wo havo our Melbouiuo files to tho 23rd inst The Aigus of 22ud lust says - The Legislative Assembly has arrived at tho only conclusion that was possible m the casa of Mr Jones, and what may be considered as the principal portion of the repoit of the Complaint Coinmitteehas now been finally doalt with With- out a division the House last night agreed to tho motion of the Attorney Genoial condemning Mi Jones for secretly receiving money from the fuudsof the Quieting of Titles Bill Asooiation, and shortly afterwards, upon the motion of the Chief Secretary, it ni like mauner agreed to a resolution expelliuz tho lato member for Ballal at West from his seat in the Houso Prior to the division the House was addressed by Captain MaaMnhon and Messrs Caso}, Langton, Mason, and Mackay , but none of these bon members enternd at any lougtli upon the genenl merits of the ease, their speeches consisting puncipally of personal explanations or comments upon remarks which hod beou previously made during the debate Captain MacMahou's speech was chiefly remarkable for tho voiy pecnliai views which ho expressed with regard to bubery - views with winch very few of the lion mem- ber's constituents aro likoly to agieo Having disposed of Mr Jones, the House turned its attention to Mt Butters, and tho paragraphs affecting tim bon member for Portland having been read by the clerk, that bon member mado his explanation By this time it was after elevon o'clock, and p.ntly be causo of the Uteness of the horn, and partly to allow bon mombors timo to considor Mr But ters's defence before discussing it, tho debato and tho Houso wero both adjoin ned until to day The same join nal of the following day says - Another section of the report of tho Complaint Committoe has bceu disposed of its finding with regard to Mi Butters has boon afin mod, and tho member foi Poitland expelled the House Tho Attorney General, in moving the resolution confit ming the roport, almost entn ely dismissed th it pm ¿ion of the case referí ing to tho statoment alleged to havo boen made by Mr Bnttors to Mi Williams, aud repeated by lum to Mr Ftancia. It was on the allogattou that Mi Butters had attompted unduly to influence Mi M'Kean and Mi Bowman that tho Houso actod, and tho Attorney Gonoral contended that the evi- dence and admissions of Mr Bnttors luinsolf ftllly established tho caso agmist him Sovoial lion membeis contended, on bohalf of Mr Butters, that his offouco having boon com- mitted before ho was a member, was far from being of so gravo a character as that for which Mr. Jonos had boon expelled, and that, therefore, a lessor punishment would moot his caso. Mr. Dyto moved, and Mr. Wilson seconded, an amendment to the effect that Mr. Butters bo reprimanded and committed to tho custody of tho sorgeant-at-arius. On a divi- sion, however, being called for, it appeared that there would ha vobeon only about a dozen members who would havo voted for tho amendment, and as Mr. Frazer prcssod for a division they walked out of tho chamber. There was then but one toller loft for the amendment-Mr. Frazer-and tho motion for oxpulsion was accordingly carried without ti division. Mr. Bowman's turn will como on Tuesday next, on which day tho bon. mombor is ordered to attond in his placa in tho House. The name of Mr. C. E. Jones was yesterday removed by His Excellency the Govornor from the roll of Executive Councillors for the colony. The Daily Telegraph says : The hon. member for Ballarat West has been tried by his peers and found guilty. The decree of expulsion has gone forth, and Mr. Jones has no longer a seat in Parliament. Contrary to expectation, the motion affirming that he had roceived moneys from a secret association for services rendered in Parliament, was carried without a division. The motion of the Chief Secretary, which immediately followed, declaring that in so doing " He had been guilty of a gross breach of the privileges of the House, and be expelled therefrom," was the necessary corollary, and was also adopted after an effort on the part of Mr. Fraser to give Mr. Jones an opportunity to appear in his place and be heard in arrest of judgment.'The House, without any delay, then proceeded to deal with other members mentioned in the report, and Mr. Butters was called upon to answer the charges laid against him in the 4th and 5th paragraphs. His explanation, to judge from the reception it received, made a favourable impression on hon, members, for he was cheered on its conclusion. He pointed out the incon- sistency of Mr. Williams' conduct in nourishing for many months charges of a serious nature against him, whilst thoy were enjoying the closest intimacy, and he refuted the statements of Mr. Bowman and Mr. McKean with evidence of a most convincing character, which it will, apparently, be very difficulty to upset. Those members will, however, be heard in explanation. Mr. Bowman was anxious to proceed at once, but the House was weary, and it being late, an adjournment was asked for, and acceded to, until next day. Tho samo journal remarks upon the case as follows : Parliament is purging itself of the men who " did the deed of shame." Mr. Jones' departure to that bourne whence, if he return at all, it can only bo as tho ghost of his former self, has been followed by the exit of Mr. Bytters. This last oxpulsiou is moro marked, moro decidod, nttd moro significant, than the first action of tho Assembly. Mr. Jones had bitter onomios in tho Houso. Ho was trnstod by no section, and hatod by many. Mr. Butters' parliamentary career, on the othor hand, has provoked no hostility ; his talents havo not oxeited envy, and his taunts havo noc awakoticd malice. That strict and storu punish mont has licou awarded to lum is an assuranco therefore that the Houso will go through with its task. This is as it should bo. Tho Assombly would not only havo spoiled its labours, but it would havo doue inoro hurt than good, if having boon stern in tho one caso, it was morciful in tho others. As tho culprits aro condoninod justico must bo measured out to them with the same measure which was used with tho most couspionoua, but lint necessarily tho most wicked of their nuiubor. Otherwise- wo shall liavo Mr, .iones regarded as a sotpo-goitt, and becoming moro and moro nu object of popular sympathy. From ouo point of view tho guilt which has beau fiuitonod on tho iiioutbor, or rather tim late ineiii Imr, for Portland, is a doopor guilt than that of tho fallen Minister. By touuliing the pistornl pitch, place, position, and powor wot o placed within tho giasp of Mr. Jones, anuble, ambition«, but needy politician, while Mr, Bnttuts, in his dufilomout, could havo but tho sordid motivo of peouukry gain. There aro still important names, on tho black list prepared by the committee, and the long doforrcd retribution has yot to bo made complete. Referring to certain disclosures mado in ti* courso of tho enquiry, the same journal says : - The disclosures mado in the Parliament Houses lately have been of a somewhat curious nature Tho public was propared for a groat deal, but we fancy that it has got quite as much, or moro, than it expected. The iovolations of Mr. Butters, touching the conduct of Mr. Bowman on the qnestiott of the mining reserves, seemed to take everybody by surprise. That it was oxpectod iii cortain circles wo do not doubt, but tho public generally wore totally ignorant flf it. It seonis that Mr. Bowman dosired that his telegram should reach Ballarat as speedily as possible, and finding Mr. Butters already in possession of tho I wires, suggested to him to "go snacks," stating that " had ho known that he was in the House, ho would have moved that strangers be ejected," and that ho had alroady secured tho ".Parlia- ment wire." Mr. Butters, nothing loth, con ssnted, and this arcadian pair, divided the spoil. Finding however, that they had omittm! to secure the Castlemaine line, they followed the old custom of able speculators and able corres- pondents, mid sont a column of a newspaper. This is a very pretty story. Mr. Butters was simply following his trade ; but Mr. Bowman, a mombor of Parliament, absolutely acts as paid agent for some mining compauy, and not only uses his Parliamentary influence to assist his patrons, and resorts to petty schemes and trick- eries to put money into his pocket, but absolutely threatened that had ho known that another man | was engaged on the same errand as himsolf, he would havo used his position as a mombor of Legislature, to clear the strangors' gallory. The Argus is very sevoro upon the lion, mom- bor for Creswick. The following appears in that journal of the 23rd int>t. : It is a great pity that the lion, liiomber for Creswick -Mr. Frazer -wheu nuable to perform his duty in the House does not remaiu away. Last night he took his placo in a chair at the head of the table, aud when called to ordor by the Speaker for interrupting tho lion, member for Maldon, who was addressing the House, he behaved in such au iusultiug manuel- that the Speaker tit roa toned to name him, and call upon the Hoiiflo to deal with him. He was only saved from this well-merited consequenco of his misconduct by the kind interposition of Mr. Macpherson, who induced him to lcavo the Chamber. Tho hou. member ro-ontored the House at a later period of the evening, and con- ducted himRolf, if possible, in a moro extraordin- ary manner than before. Ho insulted the Speaker, and thero was overy probability of a disgraceful Boonu, when a diversion was caused by Mr. Frazer uearly smothering tho Chief Secretary by sittingdown on him. This incident caused a roar of laughter, after which the hou. member talked away for a considerable time in a manner which can only bo described as au outrage upon the House. He would havo been called to order over and over again had it not boon for tho good sense of other lion, members, who shrank from causing the mombor for Creswick still further to disgraco himself, and degrade tho Chamber. On tho subject of the railway loan the Argus remarks : The Chief Secretary does not believe that the nttempt to place the Victorian railway loan has boon a failure. On tho contrary, judçiug from tho statomont mado by the lion, mombor in tho Legislativo Assembly last evening, ho seems to consider the result extremely gratifying. £750,000 has boen placed at par, and that sum Sir. M'Culloch stalod would bo sufficient to carry on the railway works for twelve months. Tho interest ou the romaiuing million and a half of tho loan would be suvod during that poriod, so that, oven if at the expiration of that time it was found nocossary to soil the vomaining dobonturos a trida undor par, the country would still bo tho gainortoaconsiderabloextont. Mr. M'Culloch told tho Hoitso that par was not tho minimum fixed by tho Government, and ho was unable to under- stand the telegram received by him from the agent general, that that was the minimum upon which tho associated banka had acted in placing the loan. Tho lion, member loft it to bo in- ferred that tho minimum fixed by tho Ministry hore was sotnothing I033 than par. Tho Argus says : Tlio oponing of the second session of the soc l ond Roman Catholic Provincial Council of Aus- tralia took place at St. Patrick's Cathedral yes torday, iustoad of this morning, as previously arranged, and although tho hour was fixod at I half past nine, the church was full of people. Tho aspect of the interior was uovol, for tho altar was hung with black, and a coffin, surrounded by caudles, was oroctod in tho centro of the nave - these insignia of doath roferring to the bishops aud clergy deceased siuco tho last synod, and for tho. repose of whose souls mass was to bo poi'forinod. The bishops and clergy reached the cathedral in procession from the bishop's resi- dence, entering behind the altar instead of through tho groat western door. Tho offices suitable to the occasion, and reqniom high mass, wore thou performed without musical aid, save that of tho lev cantors themselves, tho colobiant i being tho Right Rov Di Jas Quinn, bishop of Bi isbano, assisted by tho Revs G V Bau y and J F Corbett as de icon and sub doacou Mass pio defunct's over, and absolution pronounced by the aicbbtshop, the black hangings woto removed, the bishops donned then mitres, and the soi vices thoreaftoi lcfoirod only to the pioceediugs of tho piovmcial council At this stago tho cou grogation woio requested to lettre, and the council sat with closed doors Tho at chbishop tioxt addressed tho anffiagan bishops in Lititi for a brief space, aud thou followed some discussion upon matters always dealt with in " congregation " Tho session thou coucludod The provincial council will continuo itsdohbora tions dilling tho wcok, and it is cxpectod it will bo closed on Sunday morning, when the soi vices at St Patrick's will resemble thoso which took placo on last Sunday, admission being by ticket IIB boforo Ariangements aro in piogross foi the lay members of the Roman Catholic Cliuroh in Melbourne to on tor tain the aichbishop, bishops, and their attondant cloigy, at a «Vjciin«, to take placo at the building known as tho Eastorn lull Oi derry loom The following aro gouural extracts fiom tho papors to hand - It is extremely probable says tho Atgni, that the Into fiom thoTologiaph ofltco atCapo Schanck to the Flmduis will not be ready by tho timo tho cabio is hu 1, but pi o vision has boon made to run on express three times a day, for tho pin poso of keepiug up tho communication until that lino is finished Trom puvato sources wo (Aqe) loam that Mi AV C Smith, who latoly loft for England, to endeavotti to placo a muling spéculation upon tho Butisb market, baa succeeded ni forming a company foi tho purchase of half the Wmtor's Ftoohold Mining Estato at Ballarat Mi Smith has beou appointed agent of tho company, and intouds returning to Australia without IJSS of tinto Mr Smith now acts in a double oapaoity Ho IB agent of, and a sbaroholdoi in, the original WmtBi's Pieobold Company, and is to hu the accredited agont of the now company foi mod foi tho puicbaso of half the claim A mootiug of tlioshaioholilutBof tho Victorian Ice Company washeldyostorday,on tho company's promises, Fiankltu stieot, whoro a lunchoon had boon ptopaiod, accoidtng to custom Mr John Stiachan took the chair It appealed that theto had been a falling oil in tho consumption of ice dining tho past yoai , but tho compiny was novel tholoss enabled to doelato a dividond of 12 J por coiit In 1805 Mio constitnptiou was91 tons, ni 1800,100 tons, ni 1807,128 tons, tu 1808, 114 tons , and tho consumption of last soason was 110 tons Tho pi ofits dm ing tho past season had been ¿1,19310s Id Bofoio tho ptocoodings toiiiimated, votos of thanks woto pthsod to tho chanman and the dttcctois The Supreme Court Criminal sittings for April terminated on the 21st inst James Ah Coy, con victed of obtaining money under false pretences, was sentenced to four month imprisonment with hard labour. Georgo Frederick Green, (the defaulting Town Clerk of Malmsbury) who had been tried for larceny and found guilty, received a sentence of twelve months' imprisonment, without hard labour, the first week of every alter nate month to be spent in solitary confinement. The last mail brought intelligence of the death of Mr Thomas Livingstone Learmonth, at the ripe old age of eighty nine years. Mr Lear month, states the Ballarat Star, came to this colony with his sons T L and S L Learmonth, early in the year 1838 The family had been some time previously settled in Tasmania, and the gentleman whose death we now record would probably rank amongst the oldest of Australian colonists He died at Pink hall, Stirlingshire, Scotland, on the 8th February last, news of his death having reached hiss sons at Ercildoun by the mail just arrived. Schafer, the poor little German traveller, has now been released from his short durance in Melbourne Gaol, and appears (says the Argus) to be wandering about, uncertain where to go or what to do. It is a pity that this unfortunate wanderer should be so left. He was unlucky in coming to these shores, where everyone is busy, and few are romatic or sentimental enough to sympathise with the motives which induced him to leave his fatherland and visit strange nations. Of course, to expect any- thing from him in the nature of a book of travels is out of the question. He mistook his vocation utterly when he proposed to narrate what he saw and experienced in a trip round the world. It would be a pity, however, to leave the helpless little stranger unassisted. The contri- butions of a very few would enable him to return home, or at least to leave this colony; and we have little doubt that there are among his country- men those who will willingly and charitably take the matter in hand, now that the matter is sug- gested to them. A new process of sheep-washing has been patented by Mr. Munro, who has tried its efficacy in presence of a number of gentlemen interested in pastoral pursuit, at the works of Mr. Patrick Hayes, Saltwater River. The principle of the patent is to lesson labour, and make the sheep wash themselves, by swimming and passing under spouts, without any rubbing, forcing, or crutch- ing. The sheep, one after another, enter the bath, and pass along under the spouts, coming out perfectly clean and white. By this process two or three men can superintend the washing of a large flock. In consequence of the revelations during the rocont laud prosecution s at the Criminal Sessions, we understand that a sorious intention exists, on the part of certain persons who have been dis- possessed of their lauds for the benefit of common informers, to commence a criminal prosecution against the officers of the Board of Land and Works for conspiring to dofraud. The Attorney General will be called upon to file an informa- tion against Mr. Grant and his subordinates ; and if ho should refuse to do .io, an application will be mado to the Supreme Coiu-t,ns in the case of the Flemington Bonumills. We understand that the uufortunate man, Nicol Brown, sentenced to death for the murder of the mail-carrier Laughton, in Gipps Land, will be dealt with by the Executive Council on Monday next. The friends of Brown intend presenting a memorial to His Excellency the Govomor praying for a remission of the sentence. The unfortunate man has recovered from the fit of frensy in which he is said to have perpetrated the crime, and now admits the evil of passions which lead to results such as promise to cut short his life. As a Presbyterian, the prisoner is assiduously attended by the Rev. George Mackie, as well as by a Church of England clergymen from Sale. 