GOOD-BYE TO THE SESSION! Good-bye to the session, 'tis over, The scramble for places and pay ; Each patriot now is a rover, All flitted like swallows away ; There's nobody left to invite one To nobblerise now at the bar, No chance for a chap to indite one Good, pepper', personal par. ; The Speaker may sleep through December, Macleay hasten back to his " crows," And Geoff, without shaking remember He's got such a thing as a nose. Good-bye to the session, the lobbies, The lunches, the suppers, and beers, The " hums," and the " hahs," and the hobbies. The jaw, and the chaff, and the cheers ; The blather, and bluster, and blunders, The fights 'tween the " noes" and the " ayes," The Ghost's oratorical thunders, The Ghost's oratorical lies ; Denouncings of Papists and treasons, Incitings of war to the knife, For the wovst of all possible reasons, The stirring up hatred and strife. Good-bye to the session, the squabbles Enough to make any one sick, "I pays for the roast pork I gobbles, But you, you brute, gobble on tick !" The voices deliciously blended — "Bogue!" "swindler!" "ass!" "fiddlestick!" "fool!" And then when the tempest is ended, Ecarte, three-up, or pin-pool ; The shouts and the laughter uproarious As the cab rattles over the stones, The patriot happy and " glorious," To rattle at midnight the bones. Good-bye to the session, Sir Jemmy, The knight of the wig and the gown ; The puritan Wilson, so prim he Would put all the " cakes and ale" down ; The labor in vain of the bold man Who rivals the Windeyer's fame, And the eloquent tongue of the old man, For lang he remembered his name ! The chamber where oft thro' the night sighed The Speaker of slumber bereft, The political sheep on the light side, The political goats on the left. Good-bye to the session ! Another Will come with its hopes and its vows ; Will it fritter away like its brother In twaddle, and squabble, and rows ? Will it come with a rose or a nettle ? Will it come with a blessing or curse ? Its measures and men better metal, Or both of them fifty times worse ? Will it come but to chaff and to chatter ? Will it come but to live and to die Unhonored, unwept ? Bah ! what matter ! Good-bye to the session, good-bye ! 