BOW TO MAKE A FLEET ACRE FARM PROFITABLE. At the quarterly meeting of the Wide Bay Farmers and Planters Association, one of the members, Mr. Hill, read a paper on the above subject, from which we make a couple of extracts :? " I think the size of the farm is immaterial; the essentials requisite to constitute a fifty acre farm profitable are comparatively the same as those that are required to make one of five hundred acres worth the holding namely, good soil, judgment as regards what to grow in order to suit varying seasons and fluctuating markets, a certain amount of capital in proportion to the land occupied, and improved agricultural itu plements, worked by steam or horse power, to supersede the miserable and harrassing system of manual labor that has so long degraded and tended to keep it low water mark the farmers of this district. Good fund stands first on the Scroll."." Cotton has many warm and strenuous advocates, but in this district it has been almost a complete failure. Out of numbers who have planted it, during the last four years, I cannot call to mind more than one or two individuals who made it pay, or who planted it a second time. This simple fact is very significant. The great stumbling, block in connection with cotton, cultiva- tion appears to be the picking. The laborer of the good old English stamp, the man of brawn and sinew,' looks upon it with supreme disgust. He would rather be hewing down gum trees, or blasting rocks, than ' tinkering about Sea Island cotton. It does seem out of place for a fellow with a biceps strong enough to floor a bullock, engaged in work more specially adapted for the delicate fingers of women and children. It is something like I Tom Sayers, or the American Grant, serving behind the counter of a muslin aud-fine linen warehouse. Then the inexperienced will naturally say, why not employ women and children ? Simply because these valuable auxiliaries are scarce. In this degenerate clime polygamy is unlawful; but were wo under the benignant sway of the inspired patriarch Brigham Young, with two or three score wives, and children to correspond, then I have no doubt cotton grow- ing would be a great success. Corn and potatoes have always stood high in favor with a large class of farmers. The returns are quick, and there is a ready-money trade for them almost at any time. For the last two years they have been high in the market, owing to the Gympie gold-fields, the ad valorem duty, and indifferent crops in New South Wales. But who shall say how long this state of affairs may continue The most of you can remember the time when corn was hard to sell at 2s. 6d. to 2s. 9d. per bushel. I knew a man who grew 600 bushels on ten acres of ground. He kept an accurate account of all that it cost him for labor and rations to raise that corn, and take it to market. On striking the balance he found he had exactly seven pounds ten shillings left for his own share in the transaction. Corn buyers and commission agents might be scouring the country in quest of corn, eager to buy at a high figure, but if two or three schooners arrived in succession, corn laden, from the Richmond and Clarence rivers, the market would be swamped. So it is with potatoes. This day they might sell freely at £19 per ton, but if a vessel from Brown's river, with a full cargo, put in an appearance, they would be difficult to quit at half that price, or they might rot on the wharves. Tobacco has been tried by a good few cultivators, and with but indifferent success. The young plants appear to be more liable to the ravages of a species of caterpillar than any other plant on the farm or garden. And even when they do weather the storm and arrive at maturity, there is something wanting in the drying or curing of the leaf, to make it a payable article of commerce. It is certain that the best specimens of tobacco of Queensland growth and manufacture, are no more to be compared with the American, than is gooseberry wine to be compared to champagne. On the sugar cane I rest my hopes and take my stand. I need not expatiate on its merits, as they are chronicled in all our journals, and have been fully ventilated far and wide. I am not alone in the opinion that the day is fast approaching when nearly every farmer in Wide Bay will be neither more nor less than a cane grower, merely reserving half an acre of land for a garden and potato patch, and leaving the corn trade entirely in the hands of our southern friends; for I feel a strong conviction that this locality is destined to become one of the largest sugar producing districts in the Australian colonies. Capital to a certain amount is indispensable. Some few there are, men of a thousand," with iron con- stitutions und undying perseverance, who began with little or none, and are now in positions of comparative independence. They are the exceptions. The majority have worked like slaves, lived from hand to mouth, and are no richer in pocket this day than they were this day five years. They have struggled hard and fought their way manfully, like heroes as they are. But year after year the same soul crushing monotonous round of work, hard, enough to break the back of a galley slave, without the ghost of a holiday to refresh the body, and no books to amuse and stimulate the mind, is enough to destroy the stamina of Samson, or the exemplary temper of a job. If the want of a little capital has not utterly paralysed the native energy of these men, it has crippled the springs of life, and soured the milk of human kindness. But there is reason to believe that the worst is over. The darkest hour of the night is the forerunner of the morning. The demand for cane this year is not to be taken as a specimen of what it will be in years to come, when mills will be doubled in number, and managers make it a rule to begin crushing early in the season; therefore, oil probabilities are in favor of the supposition that every small land-owner will be able to make a decent living, with something to spare?' a con- summation devoutly to be wished.' Improved Agricultural Implements. The primeval curse has been literally fulfilled? in the sweat of thy face shalt though eat bread.' Man, formed in the Divine image, in watering the clods of the earth with the sweat of his brow, not metaphorically, but in reality plain and palpable as any other matter of fact. Two years since, the sight of a plough at work on the banks of the Mary was something wonderful prodigy worthy of a paragraph in the local journals and even to this day, closely examine every farm on the river, from the lowest to the highest, and you will find that for every single acre under the plough, there are a hundred acres cultivated entirely by the coarsest and hardest description of manual labor. This it is that ruins the soil, crushes the body, and breaks the spirit of man. Eternally scratching the ground a few inches deep with a hoe, leaving the best of its substance for the benefit of other generations, the same nevcr-varying'cropB corn and potatoes, without a single particle of manure can it be wondered at that even the best of the ground in a few years runs outs The labor attached to corn-growing by hand labor is something enormous. Perpetual hoeing to keep down the weeds; carrying on the back the corn when ripe from the field to the barn, shelling by hand machine, again on the back from the burn to the beat of the wharf, down the river, and there yet once more' on the back, out of the boat and through the sludge at the ferry. So ends this strange eventful history. This primitive and tedious process has hitherto been the modus operandi by which the majority of the farmers on the Mary River have raised their corn and taken it to market; but let us hope that it is or soon will be? reckoned as a thing of the past." A Caroo or Goats. An interesting ship- ment has just left the Bosphorus for the Cape of Good Hope 500 Angora goats of the finest race, as a breeding stock for Messrs. Blane Brothers, of London, who have already introduced some small trial flocks of these animals into Cape Colony and Algoa Bay, where the experiment has excellently succeeded. The present large consignment was shipped last week at Ineboli, on the Black Sea, to which the animals had been driven from the interior. Before embarkation they were very carefully examined, and none but prime animals shipped Levant [ Herald, September 20. 