EAGLEHAWK POLICE COURT. Tuesday, 4th May. (Before Mr Cogdon, P M, and Messrs S. Clothier and R. Andrews, J.Ps.) THROWING STONES -A lad named Thomas Wood was charged with illegally throwing stones in the public streets. August Fisher, miner, California Gully, gave evidence that about nine o'clock at night on the 29th April, as he was lying in bed, a number of stones was thrown at his house, and he got up and ran after a lot of boys; one of them, Charles Payne he caught, but as he begged and prayed to be let off and said it was the defendant, he let him go, and got hold of defendant. Charles Payne was called, and said that he and other boys, were amusing them- selves with a button and thread and pin machinery for tapping on the window in a mysterious manner, so as to induce the inmates to think it was a ghost, and as he was going home he heard stones falling on Fisher's house, but he could not say who threw them. This concluded the evidence for the prosecution. Defendant said he had another boy to prove that he was not present. The Police Magistrate dismissed the case. Prosecutor asked if he could not be protected in any way from the boys, and the Police Magistrate recommended him to get advice. In a minute afterwards, defen- dant's mother came into court, and said that prosecutor, as she was coming into the court, had threatened to shoot her son. Senior-constable Mitchell was sent after prosecutor, and he was brought into court, and in reply to the Police Magis- trate said he had told Mrs Woods that if he caught any of the boys in his yard throwing stones at his house he would shoot them in the legs. The Police Magistrate ordered him to enter into his personal recognizance of L50 to keep the peace for six months. Stealing A CHEQUE-Charles Thomas was placed in the dock on a charge of stealing a cheque for L15 from Eli Jellett, at Marong, on the 22nd April. The prosecution was conducted by Mounted constable IiGOv ^EBGCutor deposed that ho koptracehorses at ^oW4°a.|nnd on the 22nd April he was at the an^l *rent to bed at the Marong Hotel At that time he hud a cheque for *T<f°r a ^5 "ote, three LI notes, and somo 8,rr|n ^is trouaors pocket. In tho morning, when Mjrise, he found everything gone except tho three M0^s Witness told tho landlord, and then Ration to tho police, and afterwards cauio to Eagl^^ to stop payment of the cheque. Prisoner l9;unknowu to Elizabeth Laue, wife of Jeren^ Lnne, 0j o^raph Hotel, Sand hurst, 0^1®^ that the prisoner had been staying at her pIacerG0 weeks ago. iio stopped a week, and on he was going to Spring Creek. On the ~3rd |10 roturned about ton o'clock in tho morning, hero were fire people in tho bar, and the prisoner oy £or drinks for which ho paid, and then asked her,;C3LSk the cheque for L15, produced. She declm:j0 Cft5h it, and ho said ho had got a cheque for ^Qs cashed already that morning and it was not rioted, He told her to keep the cheque and cash it. j)im next day. She did »o" and sent it to the bwi.y Watson. Then iha prisoner canao and asked ftfr0 aionev for the cheque, but as no answer hadomo from tho bank she gare him only LB, u again in tho evening L2» and on tho 26tof April LI 10s. George Watson proved that. Uhe 24th of April, at, Mrs Lane's request:, Ipi1. into the Hank of Victoria, Sand hurst, L20, jii the cheque, produced, for L15 to Mrs Lano s icjut. William Landry, alorekeepar at Maroof, ipr-ed that he drew the cheque for L16, produced,paid it to Mr Jellett on 22nd April. J- 'WUJancho, Teller at the Bank of Victoria, <leposc\fcat he received the cheque, pro duced, from; a:id it Wnu returned marked payment stoppedjj, Andrews, agent of the Bank of Victoria, tagl\wk, deposod thai that thechequo was sent from ^afcurst for collection, and it was presented at the Untal Bank and returned marked payment stopped George Keade, manager of tho Oriental Bank, k&'hawk, deposed that tho cheque produced was pre^d to him on the 26th- April, but it was not het] as payment was stopped by the written au>rity of tho drawer. JItmry Palmer, landlord tho Marong Hotel, deposed that he saw the^j50ner at hotel on the 22nd and n),jng of the 23rd April. Ou the morning of th>3r(j prosecutor told him he' had been robbed. M\ted Constable Leo deposed : that ho arreated tho pvncr on the 2fith at iSand- j hurst, on the preseiit Prisoner denied all knowledge of the chei^( The prisoner reserved his defence, and ho ^a-Mnraitted for trial at the General Sessions, Sandh^ on the 8th Juno. MAINTENANCE-Jamey00(] WBfl oummonod for neglecting to maintain lwjf". Complainant said that aho had been separa from her husband for seven years ; that for the* two jear3 fc, had paid her 6s a Treok maintonanibut as she was ill and unable to work, that sum ^insufficient to maiutain her, and she required mi The Bench ordered defendant to pay XOs a weelr twelve months. BEER LICENSES tt»ro g>0d to Edwin Bird, Sailors' Gully road and i\y Foulkes, Myers' Creek» OIVIL Ci# William Burrowoa r Jolrjalton-L3 12s 6(1, wagos. Tho defendant did ; appear, but as tho action should havo been br^t as ouo for work and labor, the tummom was ai3Sod. S. Clothier v P. Marcolo L»9 7s 4d, sold; verdict bj consont. Same T Ah Lip-Lts 3J, Kood3 sold ; settlad. Corkadale v Keart to 2s Old, eoods sold; settled. FATAL MINING ACCIDENT AtDXE3i A miner working in the CluneB United^ Mining Com pany, Clunes, named Wil!iam:",0) a native of Tavistock, met an awful dt on Saturday through another illmtration of . culpable care lessness which is the curse the goldfields. While being hauled up the shity some unac countable means he was precised from the cage to the bottom, and killed tantaneously. The accident is supposed to have crred through the disarrangement by the dece&jtf; the guard iron attached to the cage, A us who was it work in the same shaft came up whim, but is unable to explain the precise cause he disaster. Doubtless the poor fellow brought ion himself, or it will be made to seem bo. THE ALLEGED Mubdeb AT KewChe myste rious death of Mary Dogerel, a nied woman, at Kew, last Friday night, wliicirmed the subject of a coroner's inquest oninday, has caused a good deal of excitement in|neighbor hood of where the deceased resided.bounds of suspicion have arisen which inculpate husband sis being concerned in his wife's fch. Silas Dogerel, who was brought up in cust'on Mon day before the coroner's court, has bifor some time past carrying on the occupation^ market gardener and cowkeeper at Prospeiill, Kew. Previous to that he had been for fogars em ployed as coachman to Sir William fell, and also acted in a similar capacity .to the: Colonel Neill. He was well known in end at Kew and seems to have borne the cbaracKa sober industrious man. His wife was notappears, given to drinking, but was of a ra "violent temper. Last Friday night some sliglr.urbance was hoard in the direction of Dogerel'use, and in a few minutes, when assistance wandered, the deceased woman was found lying he floor ?with a fracture of the right lower jaw.be only evidence which could be procured wnat fur nished by Dogerel'a tfro children-a gf about fifteen years, and a boy not quite twelr They were consistent in their statements^ their mother opened the door while Dogiwas in bed, and without any assistance fell dov^on the brick floor with her head agaiust thee of a bed. . It was evident that the cbildriid not wish to say too much, and what little imation they gave was reluctantly extracted froem by the coroner. It wae painful to witness ordeal through which these unfortunate childiiassed With their mother lying dead under nheart reniling circumstances, and having to heitness against their own father, it was no wcr that they cried and faltered in giving theirlence, and the repeated cautions and strong its to the boy that he should be conveyed to tick-up did not (end to improve matters. Tledical evidence went to show that the cause or if was extravasation of blood on the bruin. Tl^uiry was most elaborately and minutely condt, and although only five witnesses were exasd, it occupied a whole day, and the court then adjourned until Wednesday. AN EVENT which has perhaps never irred in the colonies on any other occasion, tolace at Port Macquarie last month (states the icev ton Examiner). Previous to the apprehm of Thomas II. Thompson, for cattle stealin hiid been paying his addresses to a younguan, residing on the Macleay, and when he con victed she stated her intention never tirry anyone else, and of waiting for him until erm of imprisonment had expired. The ight afterwards of being married to him at i, in gaol, suggested itself to her, and her frieniing unable to dissuade her from taking suetep, the sanction of the Government was obtainmi the ceremony celebrated in the gaol by iev F. R. Keinp. A FATAL ACCIDENT (reports the Tiullu Courier) happened to Mr Peter Mawso?ell known here as the original prospector of t'ew Chum Reef. Whilst below in a drive at 3, New Chum Reef, a lot of uiulloch fellvn, completely smothering him. Immediately alarm was given a number of persons in thc^h borhood went to hio rescue, and he was as as possible got out, but when brought to the ice life wa< extinct. The sad affair has cast ami over Lianolly, where deceased was ;ly respected by everyone. Mrs MORTON, a married lady of New /y, Indiana, had been annoyed, during a teirry absence of her husband, by receiving a ntniof letters from a young gentleman of that plin which lie expressed his admiration of her crs with rather too much freedom. Arming rlf with a pistol, Mrs Morton called upon hlr. mirer, and demanded an apology in writing requested her to accompany him to the llosf a friuti'i, where he would write the apr. Arriving there, however, he demanded tlis own letters should be returned to him, whi<e lady refused. lie then turned to leave he;d as he opened the door to go out she drcr pistol ;ind shot him dead. So great waa tit ration felt in New Albany for this deed tine mayor of the city refused to commit Mrs Ah. for trial for murder, and released her on a t?' bail tu answer the charge of au assault.- TV Freeman's Journal, Jau 9. 