A MORMON ON " THE CHURCHES." [OOKTLMJKU FBOM OUR LAST. J We read also that Jesus came and was a priest ever after the order of Melchizedec. Who is Melchizedec ? He was the mail who Messed Abraham the father of the faithful, yet Melchizedec was greater than Abraham for verily the lesser is blessed cf the greater. For wherever and whenever the gospel has existed there has been the opening of the Heavens, revelations and -visions given to men ; and wherever the gospel has not existed there has be^n no vision, no revelation, no communication between the heaven and the earth. Hence that which is called the gospel in the Christian world is not the gospel, but a perversion of it When Jesns came he came to do away with the law aod to introduce the gospel that their fathers had lost because of transgression. After its restoration by Jesas the same result followed, the heavens were opened, the purposes of God unfolded and his power made manifest among the people. Joseph Smith's mifesion was to restore this same gospel in its fullness. He brought back the eame gospel that Jesus taught: the same faith and repentance, the eame baptism for the remission of sins, and the same laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, and the same Holy Ghost with all its powers and blessings. This is the doctrine and these the principles we profess to believe in. We do not profess to have received oar an -hority from the Chnrch of England or any other sect: it came directly from God by the ministration of holy angels. The gospel that we preach is the everlasting gospel; it reaches back to the eternities that are passed; it exists in time and it stretches forward to the eternities to come, and everything connected with it is eternal. Onr marriage relations, for instance, - are etemaL Go to the sects of the day and yon will find that time ends their marriage covenants ; they have no idea of continuing their relations hereafter ; they do not believe in anything of the kind. It is true there is a kind of natural principle in men that leads them to hope it may be so ; but they know nothing about it Our religion binds men and women for time and all eternity. This is the religion that Jesus taught;—it had power to bind on earth and to bind in heaven, and it had power to loose on earth and to loose in heaven. We believe in the same principles, and we expect, in the resurrection, that we shall associate with our wives and have our children sealed to us by the power of the holy priesthood, that they may be united with ns worlds without end. The gospel, we preach is like the Melchizedec priesthood—without beginning of days or end of years. There is something pleasant in this. I do not want uncertainty about my eternal welfare ; J do not want to dream away my existence, and be governed by somebody's tpst dixit in regard to the future; I do not want to pay a man a few dollars to take care of my soul; I beg the privilege of doing that myself with the assistance of my brethren iu the priesthood Why, these Christians,BO called, cannot trust their God in anything. To show the difference in the working of their system and ours I will' refer briefly to my -experience amongst them. When young I used to attend their missionary meetings. Their missionaries would get up and tell about die dreadful state of the heathen, and in order that they might be converted the members of the various religious bodies used to subscribe thousands and thousands of pounds to send them abroad and snpport them while there. I have known them to make mathematical calculations about how many Bonis a missionary might convert, and what it would cost to support him dating the time he was doing it; and then they would say if they could have the amounts collected for missionary purposes duplicated, triplicated or mcreased a thousand times there might be so inny more heathen converted. Those men would not go out as the apostles did,—without purse or scrip. Jesus commanded them to go so In order to try the world. And what Joseph Smith sent out his apostles and disciples he said go without parse or scrip. I have traveled thousands and hundreds of thousands of mileB that way; and many of my brethren have done the same thing. Have we lacked anything necessary f No, never. The Gospel of JCBUS Christ always took care of me, and to-day I would- rather trust in God nnder each cdrctrml stances than in all the princes of the earth. This is the way our religion has spread, and ft has progressed because God has been with and blessed .the labora of His servants, and peace, harmony and onion prevail in our midst Many have got angry with us, but that is nothing new; the wicked bare always shown anger when the gospel of Jesus Christ has been upon the earth. Many have tried to stay the progress of the work of God, bnt it has continued to roll on in epite of all the opposition with which it has had to contend. The prophet sawa little stone cat out of the mountain without hands, and it coil tinned to roll and smote, the feet of the image made of day, brass, silver, gold, and iron, and it became as the chaff of the summer tbresbing floor: bnt the little stone grew and increased until it became a great mountain and filled the whole earth. • • It will be so with this stone which God has hewn out -in these last days ; and thonffr men may combine to stay its progress and may set themselves in 'array agunst the Lord and His annolnted, yetHe will crane out of his hiding place and will vex audi people and nations, and He will overturn and overturn antiT'froth - shall prevail thewideworld over, and nntil His kingdom dull reach fiom the rivereTa the ends of the earth ; until all -inen shall bow, to the sceptre of - Tmmviw^; nntil tfae -wicked •hell be rooted from the earth and His kingdom -shall-be established and given to HIB Saints'to DOOMS for ever and ever. May God hetp us to be faithful in th< name . <£ Jesns: Amen. ' 