THE TURKISH BATHS, ALBERT-STREET. Comparatlvclylfow-of-our-citlzonsseom. lo.bo. awate of tho. luxury now placod j,with"inthcir reach by tho establishment of the above baths. Indeed, long as Turkish baths havo boon known in tho old country, llicro sooms-to bo a very con- siderable amount of misapprolionsioh on the part of tho general publio as to their value end impor tance as woll as to- the mod usopefand i "end "the effects wliloh are produced. Thcra is a vngua idea among many that the bathor is oithor baked or par-boiled under groaj agony, tbon put through somo other mysterious process equally painful, and at lost, when onduranco has reached its utmost limit, ho is roliavod, placod on a sofa in a cool room, and fancies himself batter than boforo be oetorod tho bath. " In order to ramovo any false impressions which may havo been formod on tho.subjcct by persons who havo not as yet ventured into tbo bath " to sso what it is like," wo propose giving a vary plaiu and elreumstantial account of too whole process, from first to last, as it Is porformcd at tho baths in Albort-streot. In tho first place thon, the bather, oh entoring from tho strcot, Is shown into a largo room an tho second floor, mostly occu pied by couches, bqt having at the farthor ond a row of small closets The attendant puts into his band a shoot and a canvass apron, vory much tho Bizo end pattern of theso worn by Freemasons and Odd.follows on gala days and important ni-i-n«inn«, and shows him into one of those cells, whero there is just room, and hardly, for n moderate-sized man to undress. Having performed this opera tion, tied on tho apron, wrappod tho shoot round bim after tho manner that ghosts aro said to do, and put on a pair of slippers, ho is conductod down stairs into a little dark room that Bmolls warm and vapory, but not diaagrooahly so. Tho sheet ond slippors are left at tho door, and thon tho procoss of bathing commonces. Frst, -tho attendant reachcR forth on snnsssiu. in., at.. "rose" of an enormous watering-tin used by gardonors, which is connected to tho wall by an indiarubbor tube, a tap is turned and you aro " watered, from tho bead to tho foot, with luko- warm water, which fools vory nico and agreoablo. After a couple of minutes or so tho attendant gives you a Turkish towol to carry in your hand, and a pair of wooden clogs in which you stick yonrfoot, and he then' leads yon Into another room, which you at onco pereoivc is'decidely warmer than tho .first, one, .to_.eay_ tho least of it. After tho first "sniff," however, it is not uncomfortable, pro- vided yon keepyoor foot safely and firmly in the clogs, pnt tho towol under you when you sit down, and tako care'that no pert of your bare flesh touches anything— if it docs yon are aware of tho fact io a momoDt,_and feel an almost irro- -sistiblo-impulso"- to 'indulgo in itrdDginguage. A beach runs roond three sides of the room , and on this yon toko your sent, and if thirsty at all, or prospiration does not commence at once, you drink of cold water. Before yon have been in tbo room many minutes, howevor, you are certain to break out into a most profuse prospiration, after wnicn you leei so particularly cool and easy that you ore astounded, ou looking at the thermometer banging on tbo wall, to see it stand at ISO degrees, and make up your mind at onco that it could bo raised another 60 degrees or so without any inconvonionco., Tboro is a wooden lonngo something in tho shape of an enormous lettor " N," with the feet pulled out very wide, on tbo Quo on one Side of the room. Taking your towel and carefully arranging it on this lounge, so as to Bhield you from touching the bare wood in any port, you lio down for ten minutes or a quarter of. an hour in the most blissful state of composure tbinkiug about nothing in particular, and contem plating with much complacency tho huge beads of perspiration that are bursting out from every pore and saturating the towol under you. At length the attondaut comos in and takes you baok again to the room yon first onterod, lays you on a broad'benoh at fall stretch and commences knead ing you all aver; rubs his knuckles down yoar spine, down your arms, legs and ohest; pulls yoar joints nntil they crack; and in fact makes vory freo with you altogether; bat having a soft hand and a deft manipulation there is nothing about the process which is in tho slightest dogreo painful. Aftor that ho'givssyou a very smart rubbing all over with the palms of his hands. Then he produces a pair of flesh brushes and soap, and repeats tho rubbing with increased vigor, until you aro enveloped in a thick white lather as though you wero one enormous chin about to he operatod upon by the barber. Then the " roso" is.brought again into play, and the lather qnickly disappears in a shower of warm water. After that you got off tbo bench and stand in a place pointed out by tho attendant who tarns a handlo, and down comes a doluge of beautifully cold water, which you enjoy amazingly for a few minutes. You thon stop out, dry your self with a towol, resume your Blippers and sheet, walk up staris and lie down on one of the couches for bait an hoar or so, and thon dress, fooling a new man altogether, end conviocod, from the ap pearance of yonr skin, that you are eloanor thou evor you remember to havo scon yourself before. All lassitudo has left yon, tho " priokly heat" oven has disappeared under that rubbing and brushing and soaping, and as you walk out into' tho opon air the weather seems to have got doctdedly cooler daring tho hour and a-half you havo spent in the establishment. A " bad cold, rheumatics, or any affections of that kind, must be very " bad", indeed if they are hat driven away at the first bath, while the most obstinate cannot bold out against many, providod tbey aro takes methodically and at stated intorvats. Wbothor as a modicioal agent, therefore, or merely as a simple, healthful, and invigorating luxury, the Turkish" bath ia admitted on all hands to bo of the utmost 'value, and wo trust that Dr. Smith will not have oauso to repent having introduced it into Briebano. — Courier. Tho Ritualists have adopted the word "Mass" for thoir celebration of tbo Com-- munion Service. A near-sighted Roman priosf, a stranger to Brighton, mistook St. Michael's for the Catholic church, where ho was going to say a low. mass. The two churches are noar one another, and both of bright red eoloured stone or briok. Attributing tho appdrent want of holy water at the entrance to the fault of tho architect, or to his own near- sightedness, he went np to the sido aisle, catohing a glimpse of tbo vostod priest at tho " high altar," and entered the sacristy. Here be asked of an attendant if he could say mass there -that morning. Tbo answer was " that he oould," Now that the priest was unrobing before pat ting on tho ebnsublo, &q.;, wbioh wero nil spread ont bofore htm, thoro enters tho sacristy the clergyman fresh from celebrating, attended by a " server/' and carrying " paten, ehnlico, and corpoial" in us Orthodox a mannor as -could-the.Eope_ himself. .. Now-as the priest- turned to look at this gentleman; in whom ho expected to find tho Paroohus of the" Catholic community, his eyes lighted upon three unlver sity hoods. " Do you wear hoods hero ?" he inquired. Tho clergyman answered that such was thoir custom. "I was told," says tho priest hesitating, " that I eould say mass here thlB morning." " So you can," returns the olergymnu blandly. . " But — aliom— is this a Catholic Churoh ?" "Yes," wns the calm answer. ""A"h 1" snys tho priest, " is it tho Roman Catholic Churoh?" " Oh !" replies tho Ritualist mookly, "you must go lower down for that." 