PASTORAL LETTER OF THE RIGHT REVEREND DR. MURRAY, BISHOP OF MA1TLAND, ON THE ANNUAL COL LECTION FOR THE gPOPE, AND THE JUBILEE. JAMES, By the Grace of God and of the Apos tolic See, Bishop of Maitland, to the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Dio cese of Maitland. Dearly Beloved Brethren in Christ. ? The recurrence of the glorious Festival of St. Peter and Paul, which for the last few years has been availed of by all true Catholics throughout the world as a fit occasion to exhibit their spirit of faith and devotion to the Father of the faith ful, reminds us of our obligation to share in this 11 n i varan.! wr»r-lr nf /iKokUit n**A ±~ ? i. -i_ i far as our means will permit, to the support of the supreme Pontiff in his present trials and difficulties. It ia, I know, unnecessary for me to remind you that the Pope is the head of the Church, and our Father, and that we are his children bound to him by the closest ties of affection and love ; that we share in his joys and sorrows, we rejoice in his happiness, and sympa thize with him in his great trials ; and that it behoves us, as devoted children, to give nitn a proof, in the hour of need, of this our filial affec tion and attachment to his sacred person. In this spirit, I ask you all— rich and poor, old and young— to come to the aid of the Holy Father, and to lay at the feet of the Holy Apos tles Peter and Paul, whose festival we are about to colebrate in a few days, a portion of your means and your contributions with the saire generosity that characterized you last year, and prompted you to join the faithful Catholics of other countries iu alleviating the trials and dif ficulties of the Holy Father. The same reisoua that excited your spirit of gene rostfcy last year, still exist, and even more urgent -uomanda and pressing circumstances Beemtocnlwt your support and practical sym pathy this year. The Pope is still deprived of | the richest and most fertile portion of his domi mons which were destined by an all- wise Proyi denco to provide hin. with the means to carry on tlie administration of the Catholic Church, and ne is surrounded by enemies who are seeking to compass his ruin and destruction, and to wrest . irom Limn the small remnant of territory which . lie still possesses. However, the Holy Father m His poverty and weakness exhibits his strength in vindicating the rights of justice, authority, and religion ; and presents a noble spectacle to tne world of unexampled virtue and unbending zeal in promoting the interests of the Church, and the welfare of society. He has been able notwithstanding the scanty resources at his dis posal, to carry on the administration of the entire Church and to provide for the spiritual earth' A°] ? 5? fr in every reSion of ^ 1 , f ,U tms ^ lias been able to accomplish sh^otss^*'' and charife ^Siff°Sy°Uau °PP°rfc«aity, my dearly be loved brethren of joining in this noble work, I have fixed the 4th July (the Sunday within the octave of the Festival of St. Peter and Paul) for a general collection throughout the diocese; and 1 beg of the clergy to explain to their flocks the many claims of our Holy Father on their assis tance and support, and his many demands in ex tending the dominions of the vast fold entrusted to his care. «, Yn\f e, *ware thafc within the last few months. the Catholics of other countries have evinced a noble spirit of faith and charity, which were evoked by the celebration of the Pope's jubilee on the fi f tieth anniversary of his first Mass. On that auspicious day countless Masses were said and millions of Holy Communions were offered by the faithful for the welfare of the Holy father, and pious offerings and gifts were pre sented to him from all parts of the world : ad dresses of congratulation expressive of love and affection to the Vicar of Christ poured in from Jiurope, America, and other countries ; and the nations and Princes of the earth seemed to yie with each other in expressing their thanks to Uod for having preserved and protected him iu the midst of his great trials and difficulties, and praying, with the greatest fervour, that he may vouchsafe to extend his protection and granfe him many years of health and happiness to rule the Church of God now assailed by so many powerful enemies. Yes, what a glorious day was. the 11th of April last in the Catholic Church* when, by the simultaneous movement and uni versal consent, Catholics resolved to keep the day as one of special rejoicing and of thanksgiv ing to God for the many favours bestowed out the H ather of the faithful, and ho many children of the Church spread throughout the world as sisted in spirit at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass celebrated by his Holiness on that morning. If it has not been our privilege to take a part; in this eventful movement prompted by duty and affection towards the Pope, let us avail our selves of the coming solemnity, and offer our masses and holy communions for his welfare, and return our most grateful thanks to God for having spared him to the Church for so many years, and beg that he may continue to bestow his choicest blessings and graces on him, and deliver him from the hands of his enemies. Ife will be our duty, too, on this solemn occasion, to give an earnest of our love and affection by following the noble example of the Catholics in other countries, and fo warding our contributions to assist him in accomplishing the great mission with which he is charged. But apart from the3e considerations, claims of a far higher order seem to call forth our practi cal sympathy, and to impose upon us a special obligation of giving our mite this year to the Father of the faithful. You are already well aware that the present supreme Pontiff, in qua lity of Vicar of Christ and successor of St. Peter^, to whom was given by our Lord Jesus Christ the full power of feeding, directing, and govern mg the universal Church, has convoked a General Council to assemble at Home on the: great Feast of the Immaculate Conception of this year. The summons issued by the Pope has already crossed seas and mountains, ancl gone to the uttermost parts of the earth, and has filled the children of the Church with joy and gladness. The Bishops, recognising fcha voice of Peter in that of the supreme Pontiff who inherits his power and authority, are al ready directing their steps towards the eternal city to take part in, and assist at the delibera* tions of, the coming Council. What a sionaE proof of the vigour and vitality of the Churcb and of the power of the Papacy is evidenced in, this fact ! At the very time when the powers of darkness and the rulers of the earth seeia leagued against the Church, and engaged in the wicked work of destroying her benign influence over nations and peoples, and undermining the authority given to her to teach mankind, the Pope publishes a Bull^ calling on all those who have been placed by the? Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God to pro ceed to jsome, to give him the benefit of their counsels, and inviting them and their respective: flocks fco offer up fervent prayers to the throne of the Most High, that He, the giver of all good* gifts, miy vouchsafe to grant them heavenly light to adopt such measures as may be advan tageous to tne general welfare of society, con ducive to the greater glory, happiness, and peace of the Church, and calculated to redress all tfc^ evils inflicted on her by the perversity of her enemies. And again, this wonderful prerogative; of authority is exercised at a time when some would make us believe that the Papacy is com ing to an end and hastening to destruction ? being an institution forsooth not suited to the; age and progress of modern civilization ; but the Pope, armed with the shield of f -nth, relying not on the power of man, but on God, who is his, strength and support, issues his command, and behold ! all Christendom is in commotion,— and1 the Catholic Bishops, reaardlesa of the norila /-r the journey and every personal inconvenience, are already hastening to Bome to profess their reverence, their veneration, and their love for the Vicar of Christ, and to proclaim their devo tion and attachment to the Holy See, which poa iiiljs in the apoBtolic chair the centie of £pia '$M&B; summons of the Vicar of Christ fc* sounded on the ears of *he Bishop* as the iroiee of Peter, and has stirred, with intense feeling the hearts of Catholics, the Pope, fol lowine the example of his venerable predecessors —Gregory X. and Eugene IV., who mvited the Sohismatical Bishops of the East to the Councils at Lvons and Florence— and mindful of the great commission given to him by Christ ts bring those who are outside the circle of Catholic unity into the one true fold, invited the Eastern Bishops ; and later on he issued an Encylical letter, addressed to Protestants and other non Catholics, calling on them to avail themselves of the opportunity presented by the General Coun cil to renounce their errors, to enter into the true fold, and to be reconciled to the one Holy ftoman Apostolic Church. It is our duty, dearly beloved brethren, to pray that such signal blessings may be derived from the General Council, and to beseech from our inmost hearts that the high aims and holy aspirations of the Vicar of Christ in assembling the Council may be fully realized. With this view, he baa addressed Apostolic Letters to all his faithful children throughout the world, f ranting a Plenary Indulgence in the form of a ubilee on the occasion of the celebration of the General Council. This Plenary indulgence can be gained from the first day of the present month (June) to the day on which the General Council shall be brought to a close by all and each of the faithful of both sexes, who having humbly confessed ibeir sins during that time shall have reverently received the Most Holy Sacrament of the Eucharist, and shall have given alms to the poor as their devotion will suggest, and shall have visited a church, twice, or churches to be named by the Bishops or local ordinaries, and for some space of time shall have offered up their pious prayers to God for the oonversion of all who are sadly wandering in the mazes of error, for the propagation of the Holy Faith, and for the peace, tranquility, and tri umph of the Catholic Church, and shall have fasted for three days, exclusive of the ember d&ys;, namely, on Wednesday, Friday, and Satur day of any week within the time appointed We are persuaded, dearly beloved brethren, that you are all most anxious to respond to the call of Christ's Vicar on earth, who invites all his children scattered throughout the world to repentance, and exhorts them to have recourse to God by fervent and persevering prayer that heavenly light and wisdom may direct the pro ceedings of the General Council ; and who, in Order to render their prayers more efficacious, Opens the treasures of the Church in their favour, ?xercising that wonderful power which was given to him in the person of Sb. Peter, when out Di Vine Redeemer said — ' Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates Of hell shall not prevail against it ; and 1 will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, a&d; whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth it shall be bound ako in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth, it shall be loosed also iu heaven.'-MATT. XVI, 18, 16. In compliance with the wishes of the Holy Father, we have arranged that the Jubilee shall Commence in this diocese on the feast of St. Peter and Paul, and in order to secure the blessing of heaven on our labours during this leason of mercy, we propose having the Forty Hours' Devotion on Sunday, the 4th July, when the most Holy Sacrament will be exposed to the Adoration of the faithful. We beg of the clergy tf- use every means in their power to give an op portunity to the people in their respective district of going to confession and holy communion, and to explain the conditions necessary for gaining the indulgence of the Jubilee. We entreat the faithful to turn to good ac OOUnt, this acceptable time, these days of salva tion, and to avail themselves of the precious treasures of the Church now placed within their reach. If any have neglected to comply with their Easter duty, or to approach the sacraments for a long time, let them now enter into them selves and determine to be converted to the Lord. If any have led scandalous and criminal lives for the past, the jubilee presents a most favourable opportunity to them of being recon ciled with God. Pardon is now offered to the most obstinate sinners. The priests of the church enjoy special powers to be used in their behalf, provided they abandon their evil ways, and be determined never more to offend the majesty of God. In conclusion, I beg to remind you again of the collection to be made on Sunday, the 4th July, for the relief of the Holy Father in his present wants and difficulties. As in the course ?f this year the Catholics of Europe and America h&ve; made special offerings to his Holiness to Commemorate the anniversary of his first Mass, I trust the Catholics of this diocese will not fail to give their generous contributions on this occasion, and join their brethren of other coun tries in giving a practical proof of their devo tion and attachment to the Vicar of Christ. He is charged with the solicitude of all the churches, he is the living representative of Him *' who wrought the redemption of his people ;' on him devolves the heavy responsibility of governing botk pastors and people, and of di recting the vaBt fold entrusted to his care, lc ia his duty to send bishops and missionaries to the remotest regions of the earth, and to pro vide for the spiritual wants of millions of Chris tians throughout the world. We are in a special manner called on to assist him at the present time, as the vaBt preparations which, the latest accounts inform us, are being made for the .elebration of the General Council must of ne eeaeity entail on his Holiness considerable expense and pecuniary sacrifice?. Under these circumstances it is oar duty to contribute our mite towards meeting these ur gent demands, and in aiding the Holy Father in discharging the duties of the high office with which he his charged. But above all, my dear brethren, cease not to offer your fervent prayers to the throne of the Most High for the welfare and happiness of our Holy Father, begging of God to deliver him from the hands of his enemies and to give him strength and wisdom to preside over the coming Council and to fulfil the duties of his high office. Pray to the ever Immaculate Virgin, on whose festival and under whose special protection the Council will be opened, and to the Holy Apostles, Peter and Paul, his patrons and protectors, that the Church and civil society may derive all those blessings which the Holy Father expects from the celebration of the General Council. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your all. Amen. \+ JAMES, BJSHOP OF MA1TLAND. Maitland, June 23rd, 1869. N.B. — The collection for the Pope will be made on Sunday withing the octave of the Feast of St. Peter and Paul, 4th July next, in all the Churches and Chapels of the Diocese. I beg of the Clergy to explain to the people the claims of our Holy Father on our assistance and support. The Forty Hours' Devotion will commence in St. John's Cathedral, West Maitland, on the same day, and terminate on Tuesday, the 6th July. Confessions will be heard for some days previous to, and during the Forty Hours' Devo tion, to afford an opportunity to the Faithful in Maitland and surrounding districts of gaining the indulgence of the Jubilee. The Holy Father, in his letter dated 11th April of thi3 year, ordains that the prayer of the Holy Ghost be added in each Mass by the Clergy, until the General Council shall be brought to a e?ose. The prayer for the Pope is to be continued. The conditions for gaining the indulgence of the Jubilee are : — 1st. To receive worthily the Sacraments of Penance and the Blessed Eucharist. 2tid. To give alms to the poor according to each person's means a»d devotion. 3rd. To fast on three days, namely— on Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, of any week within the time appointed by the Pope. It is however to be observed that the fast of the ember days will not fulfil this condition for the Jubilee. 4th. To visit the Church of the district twice, and to pray therein for the conversion of those who are in error, aod for the triumph of the Church. 5th. In remote districts where there is no Church or Chapel convenient, the Priest can commute this condition, as well as any other condition that cannot be fulfilled in individual cases. The Clergy are also empowered to dis pense in the holy communion with children and to commute it into some other pious work. This letter is to be read on Sunday next, or on the Feast of St. Peter and Paul, in all the Churches of the Diocese and at the various mis sions as soon as possible. 