THEATRE ROYAL. a One of worthy Mrs. Barbauld's moral stories, diluted by a good deal of weak dramatic dialogue, some beautiful scenery, plenty of young women in scarlet leggings, sundry imps por scarifying the horrors of delirium tremens, and a depraved digestion, with an abundance of coloured fires, and behold the materials of the melodrama of "The King of the Alps and the Misanthrope," originally produced at the Adelphi Theatre forty years ago, and revived at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. It is of German origin, and the fundamental idea is a good one. The old maxim notice Leipsic is acted upon in a very ingenious manner, the soul of the principal character passing into another man's body, and that soul, so translated, surveying and criticising the conduct of his original corporeal self with delightful impartiality' and sincerity. The misanthrope, John Rappolkoff, is an ill tempered, cross-grained old fellow, who has determined in his own mind that all the world is plotting against his happiness, though he still preserves a certain grim sense of humour, which occasionally breaks out in the thick of his melancholy, like sunshine on a tombstone. He is a torment to his family and acquaintances, wholly unmindful how many consecutive days the sun goes down upon his wrath, and occasionally breaking into violent paroxysms of anger, in which he is given to smashing his furniture, and otherwise conducting himself like a madman. In this condition of things he is taken in hand by Astralagus, the King of the Alps, a beneficent spirit, who commiserate his wife, and wishes to restore happiness to the household. To this end his Alpine Majesty, who, according to an ozone ous legend of the period, ages for forty years whomsoever he looks upon, having appeared in a rose bush in a valley of the Alps, and promised succour to Rappelkoff's daughter and her lover, whose courtship has not the paternal sanction, presents himself to the misanthrope in the guise of a charcoal burner and induces him to drink schnapps until he falls into a heavy sleep, in which he is visited by a nightmare ; the horrid phantasmagoria of bottle tops, blue devils, spectral heads, are, being represented on the stage, and terminating with a diabolical ballet ' action, in which the bank on which Rappel- koff reclines becomes a mass of glowing fire, and he is home away into the land of "blue ruin." The misanthrope is confronted with the ghosts of his two former wives, who upbraid him for his misconduct, and he agrees with the King of the Alps that his soul shall enter the body of his brother ? Silbcikin, in order that he may hear what is said of him, and also see himself in his habit as he lived ; his own body being tenanted by another spirit. Rappelkoff accordingly, in the form of his brother, returns to his household and Astragalus, assuming the form of the misanthrope, represents all his available characteristics before the in- > Credulous Rappelkoff, who declines to so live that he was over so bad as he is painted. The scene becomes very amusing when the spirit animating the body of Rap- Beikoff purposes to destroy himself, and the misanthrope, speaking from the body of Sir borkin, is in doubt as to what will become of him. Eventually the lesson has the desired effect, the misanthrope heart is changed, and he realises the happiness of doing good to others. There is a small under- plot made up of the loves of Augustus, Abel Grimm, and Elizabeth and the dialogue is, in parts, very humorous. Mr. Coppin im- personated the misanthrope with good effect; , Mr. Rogers was also an able representative of the King of the Alps, but his efforts were somewhat marred by a serious hoarseness. Mr. Greville was grotesquely humorous as Abel Grimm and with Miss Docy Stewart, Vi be played the waiting maid Elizabeth, was' encored in a characteristic duct. Mr. Ireland > . filled the less prominent part of Augustus, and the piece was otherwise fairly cast. The drama has been put upon the stage with great care and the German disasters, which enters so largely into its composition, was very vividly represented. Some of the scenery is excellent, especially the lovely alpine picture with which the play opens and the painting of an immense dragon's mouth, from., which hobgoblins issue, and, behind which was a copy of Martin's "Satan in Council,'' was very striking. I The after-piece was "The Happy Man,'' with Mr. R. Power as Paddy Murphy. The theatre was crowded, and the port formances, were very favourably received. 