J N E W S BY THE MAIL. I r ^ d . A PEMOHSTBATIOH took place to Limerick, on August 1, in favourof the release of the Fenian prisoners. Twenty thousand pawns/. from Clare, Limerick, and Tipperary, including the organised trades, assembled, and .walked through the city with banners and bands. An opener (betting was subsequently held, which adopted a letter to Mr. Gladstone, demanding the release of the prisoners in the oanieoftbeXiish people. Mr.Warbiirton, High Sheriff Of Queen's County, was fired at on the morning of July 19, whiledriring to Maryborough to swear in the grand jury; The assassin wascoricealed in a wood at Killeen, behind seven feet high, and fired in an oblique direction, ten yards distance, into Mr. Warbnrton'e face. Tho shot destroyed AtaJefireye, and wounded the side of bis . bead- 7 Fortunately the gun was raised too high, and thus the greater part of the chuge riddled his <hat. Two Dublin papers report an " extraor dinary scene at Fethard'* during the risit of the Marchiouess pf Ely and the Mar quis, her son, to their estates. A horse race and other sports Jiad .been arranged, andthepeople, wlio assembled, in multitudes, applauded the young marquis; whereupon be called for a cheer for Mr. Hare, the agent. According to the story, as told, a Soman Catholic -clergyman stepped forward, and is alleged to bave cried out, " No, no, three groanB for Hare," adding that lie " deserved not cheers nor applause, but; reprobation for his conduct as agent that " the blood and curses of the people .ejected from . their dwellings in Eillesk lay uppn his,guilty soul." The people hooted, apd " a Sir. Powell, making some observations Chat displeased the crowd, ho waB knocked down." Mr. Hare, in the confusion; rode away^ It is added that another Soman Catholic clergyman, at the later period of the day, endeavoured to appease the crowd, and protect two artillesy men . from Duncannon Fort, but was himself knocked down several times by the crowd.' One of the soldiers was beaten so brutally that he has since died. Another outrage is reported from Tip- perary. As Mr, Brereton, a respectable farmer, was, with hie wife, driving from Thurles, a man named Slattery, who lay in wait behind a ditch in a lonely part of the roid, stopped his horse, and hurled a large •pd J9gged stone at Brereton, breaking in bii^kull fearfully. Mrs. Brereton supplicated for mercy without effect. Brereton haebeen unconscious since, and his life is jn danger. Several pieces of bone have been removed from his skull. The cause of quarrel! was about land. The accused has not been arrested. . At Carlow Assises on July 23rd the case of .Furlong, a National teacher, againBt Bolandj A- prieBt, for slander, was compromised, the defendant paying £200. The plaintiff, in ; his action, complained that defendant denounced him at different altar*, praying the curse of the Father, Bon, and Holy Ghost might fall upon him and accompany him to Irffstteatb, and that the Almighty then might withhold His mercy. A singular outrage was committed on Thursday, July, 22nd, on the lands of Ifl&obebane;, near the town of Tipperary. A «ur<veypr had been sent down from. Dublin to define the boundaries of the estates of ttro. brothers named Vincent, one of whom resides in.Oastleconnell and the other in Dublin. He bad scarcely entered upon the lands, and commenced bis work, when bt> was suddenly set upon by four men armed with revolvers, who searched him thoroughly, took away his maps and other papers, fired shots to intimidate him, and warned bim that. U be did,not leave the land immediately he would be shot.—The liev. Mr. Murtagh, parish priest of Kilcudden, cuunty Kildaro, requested the prayers of bis congregation on Sunday, August 1, for Mr. Gladstone's speedy restoration to health, parsing a eulogium on the Premier's 