RETROSPECT OF THE SEASON. By Fair Flat. The football season of 1869 may now be fairiy-considered a thing of the past .The powers of endurance of the players have been much taxed in the last few matches by the very unseasonable weather, as playing a match under a summer sun, with almost a hot wind blowing, is not to be laughed at The late season has been, without doubt, a very successful one, both in the number of matches played and the style of play exhibited. This very popular outdoor game is apparently becoming more and more re cognised as one which, reaching activity, strength, lasting powers, and, above all, the quality of receiving knocks and bruises kindly, at the same time needs to be played, by a club wishing to hare any chance of winning a match, in a very . skilful manner. Then, again, it is very useful for checking any tendency in a person to bad or spiteful temper, as the least exhibition of either should be promptly put down by the captain of bis side, and where any glaring display of this sort takes place, the public are always very ready to snow their disapprobation of such conduct. The public, that is the spec tators, who attend to witness the matches, will as pointed out previously by others as well as me, encroach on. the ground marked ont for the play. It does not matter where a match is played, whether at Carlton, Mel bourne, Emerald-hill, or elsewhere, the spec tators gradually creep on the ground, till towards the end of the game they are almost mixed up with the players. This was the case all through the season, and, if anything, instead of the spectators attending to the players' wishes and keeping off the ground, the nuiBanoe became worse towards the close. Not to speak of the annoyance caused to the player^ there is also the risk of some of the spectators being severely injured by the players running with the ball through the crowd and upsetting them right ana left The ladies, who always support football and patronise tire matches very well, are surely getting more venturesome, as they;also advance into the ground. During , one of the. matches, Melbourne v. Canton, on the Melbourne ground, I saw a young gentleman, with shirt just stripped from bis back, precipitated into the arms of a lady in A most undignified number by each side. Most of the matches during the past seaaon were played oh the egreementthat the side kicking the greatest number of goals in the afternoon won the match, and as veir often no more than one goal was kicked, this prevented some drawn games. This arrangement has thus iu.some degree obviated the inconvenience of drawn Smest but I think that if some guch rule as the lowing were drawn up by the various clubs at the beginning of next season, it would, have a good effect:- " That when the ball is kicked six times behind its adversary's goal the side so kicking should score one goal and the game be recommenced as if a goal were kicked" I merely propose six as it appears to me to be a fair number, but of course, if taken into consideration, the number could be altered as thought fit. Another improvement which I would like to witness is the adoption of a rule to the effect that when a game has been played for half the afternoon without a goal being kicked, each side should should kick "the opposite way?' This wo'uld give a fair, chance for both sides in the: event of a strong wind blowing as has always happened in a great many matches during the forest,as reports of the "bobbies" prowess in the game were spread at they had not the ghost of a chance; very few of them could kick, and their field was badly placed. There was a very large spectators, who appeared highly amused when their "natural enemies" were spilled and knocked about in a manner very detrimental to the dignity of the law. The real matches of internet to lovers of football, however, were the matches Carlon v, Melbourne. Last year three matches were played, which were all drawn, and conse quently the first match of the season between these clubs was anxiously looked forward to Both had splendid teams; but the Carltons were the favourites, from the comparatively easy manner in which they had beaten Geelong and Albert-park. In about an hour from commencement of the game they kicked two goals, much to the surprise of the Melbourne men who, however, more than held their own for the rest of the afternoon. In the season match the Melbourne kicked one goal? winning the match, and taking the games in the enviable position of neither being the conqueror. A final match was arranged have taken place on October 2, but. owing to various engagements for rowing, cricket &c.;, it was unable to be played, much to the disappointment of all concerned. A rather bitter feeling has been engeudeted during the season between these clubs, and merely with referenoe to a disputed title, viz., "the champion club of the colon;.!' Any impartial person who has witnessed the matches would see that the play is almost as even as could be desired. It is only in the nature of thing, that one club should be a little better one time than the other, and vice versa; but as out of six matches played during the last two seasons four were drawn and one won by each club, neither dub has anything to boast of, and until one of them decisively beats the other during a season, the question of champ ion club had better remain in abeyance. Be sides, all questions of this sort really injure football, and if carried much farther than it has been will have a very damaging effect Next season I hope to see these clubs meet again with unfriendly recollections offered each with its choicest team ; and then may the best side win, and I be there to see it. 