AN AUSTEALASIAX REPUBLIC. Mr. Charles Flinders Hursthouse is a prophet crying in the wilderness — of White chapel. He has apparently some hope of officiating at an early date as Macaulav'a New Zealander on London Bridge. The old ship is nigh sinking, according to ATr. Hurst house, and the colonies should look out for themselves. Their connection with her has never been very advantageous, and there is danger of its becoming the reverse. Then, who is Mr. Charles Flinders Hursthouse? He is a regular white Maori who has lived among the redskins on the North Island, and hates them with a most cordial hatred, as well as allbelonging to them. He blames the Colonial Office for it3 'imbecile policy,' which in flated the Maori into a murderous rebel, anc prevented the colonists extinguishing him in embryo. He flings bitter sneers at the mis- ! sionary manipulators of Ilauhauisin. He '? brands Lord Granville as a statesman of ! May Fair calibre, and accuses Mr. Gladstone of inconsistency in allowing his 'subordinate ' at the Colonial Office' to write such a despatch regarding the three million loan, after he had admitted in the House of Commons that tho Home Government was jointly responsible with the colonists for the war. Mr. Hursthouse is an intelligent, sagacious man in his quiet moods, but on the preseni; occasion he has been writing in a temper. A temporary vexation has made a David TJrquhart of him, but his feelings have found a more dangerous vent than Eusso phobia. John Bull is the butt of his vitu peration—the unhappy victim of his doleful predictions. Mr. Hursthouse, on his return from New Zealand, having made a political survey of America en route, discovered that England had degenerated wofully from the Elizabethan age — ' that the heroic spirit of colonization which inspired Bacon, Raleigh, and generations of their successors, the spirit which had done so much to raise a little island of the North Sea into mistress of half the world, no longer animated England's rulers.' A new school of political economists had arisen, and the soul of Mr. Hursthouse throbbed in unison with Mr. Disraeli when he likened its chief unto a 'wild man broke loose from a cloister.' A new religion had been fabricated at Manchester— that of 'buying in the cheapest market,' and it shocked the piety of Mr. Hursthouse by placing free trade next to Christianity. There had also been a huckstering diplo macy developed, which was more concerned ibout a royal toothache in Greece or some tin-pot German State, than about the direst calamity which could desolate the most important dependency of the Crown. The social system of the mother-country had be some rotten with pauperism and a plethora oi labour, but the 'costly quackery of the Poor Laws was preferred to the :heap and final cure of State emigra tion.' The Imperial Government had been seized with a 'craze' for re trenchment, and meditated stripping the colonies of troops, in order to concen trate the British army in the Isle of Man. [n this spirit it regulated all such Imperial luestions a3 war, national defences, trans portation, and emigration, without allowing the colonies to be heard, unleu through the Colonial Olfice, whose representative func tions are only a harmless delusion. Mr. Hursthouse having deliver :cl a st'ff scolding all round the John Bull establish ment, proceeds to tickle the ambition of the jolonists. Some very original arguments uid rather bold assertions enter into the :ompositioa of his Australasian Republic. His historical reading has shown him ;hat 'no country content to remain the nere colony or dependency of another ever becomes nationally great.' Colonial vassalage 3 typified in Canada with its three millions )f a scattered population. Republican inde pendence is exemplified by the United states, which, within a similar period aud )n similar territory to Canada, has collected i population of thirty -three milling. Dur.'Tj ;he past half-century the influx of inimigra ;ion into the colony has reached a m;i lion souls; but the States have attract.d learly six millions. The comparison is )verwhelming and ^ unanswerable. Mr. Sursthouse's inference from it is direct and lecisive. Republicanism — real selfgovern ment — is the best paying system of coloni sation. But this second De To-queville has compassion on the weaker minds which sannot at once discard hereditary prejudices. While contending that no form which Aus tralian independence could take could equal that of a good plain solid republic, he concedes to those who 'love courts and coronets' that 'our magnificent Australian colonies might be erected into two or more independent but friendly neighbour king doms, fitted with British constitutions and the three estates, and with British Princes wearers of the crowns.' Yet there is an ill-concealed contempt pervading this con cession, Mr. Hursthouse. In that [section of the scheme which relates more particularly to Australia we are reminded of a really important and inte resting fact. The seven southern colonies —including New Zealand— have already attained very near to the level of the thirteen original States of the American Union. They are inferior in population, having little more than a million and a ha!f against the two and a half millions represented in the Declaration of Inde pendence; but in other respects they are much further advanced than America was in 1770. Their aggregate revenues amounting to about ten millions sterling per annum, would nearly have covered the whole American trade when the Stamp Act was passed. Their aggregate trade, approaching seventy millions per annum, would compare with the English of a century ago. Mr. Hursthouse has good reason for treating this as a grave and momentous fact. Australia has acquired the material capabilities of a nation, and she must employ them either for good or for evil. The days of hertutelage are past, howevercarelessshe maybe aboutassert ing her majority. Lord Granville himself might agree with Mr. Hursthouse on this point, and certainly the Manchester School have exhibited no disposition to dispute it. By an opposite course of reasoning Mr. Goldwin Smith has arrived at precisely the same con clusions as are set forth in the prospectus of the Australasian Republic. The Australian Colonies are ripe for inde pendence if they wish it. They may obtain independence by simply asking for it. Then, how do they not adopt the advice of Mr. Hursthouse, and ask? Or how, on the other hand, does the mother-country not allow herself to be advised by Mr. Goldwin Smith, and to give without asking? Chiefly, we presume, because it is felt on both sides that independence is no longer a question of principle but of degree. One of Mr. Hursthouse's charges against the Colonial Office is that it is only a dummy — a figure-head. So it is as regards any power of opposition or control that it could bring to bear on the colonies. It has acknow ledged, and a greater authority than it — Mr. Gladstone himself — has also acknowledged, that the popular will must be respected in the colonies as much as in England. Anta gonism between Downing-street and any Colonial Government which really repre sents local opinion is inconceivable. But there have been actual and not very remote instances of antagonism in which DowniHg- street has exercised an effective and salutary influence. Hardly two years ago it prevented a majority of the Victorian Assembly from over-riding the Constitution. Awkwardly and feebly as its power was therein shown, it had a mediative effect. It proved to the colonists that the Imperial connection, though stripped of its coercive authority, might still be useful as a medium of arbitration in great constitutional difficulties. There is no possible danger in allowing such an authority to be held in reserve over us, no humiliation in our acknowledging it, and no hindrance to our national progress in preserving it. It costs the mother-country nothing to exercise, and it gives tangible shape to the unity of the empire. The political organization of the colonies may be improvable in the direction indicated by Mr. Hursthouse ; but he has 'iot substantiated his assumption that '; cutting the painter' is a necessary prelimi nary. His attacks on the Colonial Office are mere attempts to kick a retreating ghost. 