^ ptt'0 BY TIPS AUTHOR OF " GEOEOK GEITH," "THE RACE FOR "WEALTH,'! "CRRY AIRB | SOBUEB," " PHEMIE KELLKB," &C.; [The exclusive rigbi of publishing "A. 24fefe Asstza" In South Australia has toeea purcliased by ihepropiietur* of tbtileMA . Clterter.] CHAPTER XXIX MADGE. How could lie go ? Ah, lie knew now lor very love of her, how because she was dearer to him than any human being had. ever been before, or might ever be again, he felt constrained to leave her, and pass on his way lonely and broken-hearted. He thought himself honest and self denying, when without a real pang he parted from Madge Forster, but now he understood the difference; comprehended that had he loved Madge as he loved this girl he could not have gone without some explanation. And then also it came to him that if the attachment he felt for the dear sweet face of her who made home so pleasant at Langmore, had been anything resembling the wild, passionate devotion he entertained for Joy Alton, his life must have proved different. "I could have told her," he thought, " and she would have understood and been merciful-but, oh! my God, how I deceived myself, and wronged that angeL" And thus, whilst-he walked through the night, though Joy Alton was the key- note of his meditations, the real theme of every emotion he experienced, still, as in some fantastic musical arrangement we occasion ally hear a second air running through the accompaniment while subordinate to the principal melody, one portion of his mind always seemed reverting to Madge Forster, whilst the other brooded over the love, and the hope, and the joy he had renounced when he let the girl who was so womanly as almost in her love for him to have forgotten her womanhood, flit away from hiirij ignorant that his heart was breaking because he worshipped her as he had never thought to worship anything save his God. As some women never understand how devotedly they have been loved till their turn comes, and they experience the sleepless nights and the heart-breaking days that ensue when they meet with the arbitrer of their fate, so this man had always till lie was in love himself, failed to realize all Madge might have and did suffer, when the j lover of her youth-the man to whom she was engaged, around whom every hope of 1 her future life clung, left her,-as he now saw she must have thought-without any sufficient reason-without even the ? clasped hand and the lingering kiss, and the close embrace, and the tearful farewell-" for ever." - I " I have sinned," Andrew Hardell said to ! his own soul, " against that girl through ignorance," and he felt very bitter both towards himself and the life which had left him so senselessly ignorant as unwittingly to injure any woman's prospects, while, thinking of Joy Alton, he walked home to the house he was to leave on the morrow. "I only hope she has married ere this, well and happily," and then in a stupid sort of way he fell to calculating how old Madge was, and thinking how changed she must be from the little gicl he remembered flitting hither and thither about the parsonage grounds at Langmore. It was quite dark when he reached the village, so dark that at first he did not notice a man who stood leaning over his gate, waiting apparently for the Curate's return; indeed, it was not until the stranger, stepping a little aside, said interrogatively "Mr. Hardell, 1 believe?" that Andrew became aware of his presence. " My name is Hardell," the Curate replied. " I called earlier in the evening," the other explained; " but your servant told me you were gone out to dinner, and further, that you were leaving Eclan to-morrow morning. Under the circumstances, as I have come all the way from London to see you, I thought you would pardon my returning even at an unseasonable hour. 1 want to have five m km tea' conversation with you particularly." "Will you walk in?" Andrew answered, a great dread as to what his visitor might have to say filling his heart. The years had made no difference to him in this respect, in his fear and horror of having the old wound touched, and on the special night of which I am speaking the past had been very present with him-that past that had made such a shipwreck of his life. " May I enquire your name?" he added, as they entered his little sitting-room. " I do not recollect ever having had the pleasure of seeing you before," and while he spoke he removed the shade from his lamp, and looked fixedly at his visitor, who in turn looked curiously at him. " 1 am Herbert Spencer," was the reply; "but as you are not in the least degree likely to know who Herbert Spencer is, T may add that the late Air. Forster, of Lang more, and my mother, were half-brother and sister, and I am therefore cousin to Miss Forster, whom you may perhaps remember." "I remember her perfectly," the Curate answered; "for I spent many a happy day in Langmore "Vicarage." " You heard, doubtless, of Mr. Forsfcer's death," the other proceeded, taking, at the same time, the seat Andrew offered. "Yes," Mr. Hardell replied. "I was very sorry to hear so good a man was lost to the world. My late vicar in Essex Marsh told me about it." There was a visible constraint in his host's manner that disconcerted^ the visitor, and made what he had come sd far to say not easy of utterance, and accordingly, after ! Mr. Hardell's last set speech, there ensued an awkward silence, which was at length ? broken by the Curate's saying, " Miss Forster is well, I trust." "Quite well, thank you," her cousin replied, then went on desperately-"Mr. Hardell, I have come from London to speak to you confidentially on a subject which lies very near to my heart. You knew Madge before I ever knew her-you must have been acquainted with all the circumstances of her most unhappy engagement to your . friend, Mr. Andrew Hardell-also with the i fact that he left England after having re leased her from her engagement, without either personal farewell or the slightest explanation of his conduct. I believe Miss Forster wrote to you, enclosing a letter for him, which she requested you to forward, but as she never received a reply from 'you I am inclined to suppose the packet mis carried." " No," the Curate answered. " I received her letter, but I judged my best and kindest course was not to answer it. I thought it my duty to leave the matter as my friend had left it. I considered she was more likely soon to forget a man who was never worthy of her, if all channels of communication ; were closed entirely. I may have been i wrong in my judgment, but I acted for the best; and I hope it has turned out as I hoped it might, and that she has long since forgotten my unhappy friend, and formed another attachment." I "She has not," Herbert Spencer said . eagerly, " and that is the very point on : which I wished to speak to you. She has spent all these years faithful to the memory ! -for it can be little more than the memory ] -of a man who, I am satisfied, never cared | for her. Not merely is she still fond of i him, but the very chivalry of her nature, i the very pity which most women feel, I ' suppose, for a man who has been in any way I unfortunate makes her cling so strongly to the | recollection of her attachment, that it seems i impossible for the idea of any other love i being substituted entering her mind." "Some one does love and would win her, then?" Andrew questioned. " Is it you ?" .. "I wanted to marry her years ago," the other answered; and hearing this,. Mr. TTaWlpH rose and walked up and down the room. He could not understand why all foiw had come upon him then-why, when frig own strength was taxed almost beyond ?what it could bear, he should be called upon to cany another burden- but he was called upon _to do aprrte Jte . old racking agony - of having his frightful past made manifest to biB tindfflBbuiung-of mentally beholding "the tragedy enacted, beneath the arching trees played but once more before his eyes. ItaU. surged tip before him as he paced the limits of his small apartment the night' passed at New Abbey-the walk over Crififel-the awful day spent in wander ing beside .the Solway-'the weeks dragged on in Kirkcudbright Gaol-the journey up: to Dumfries-the forty-eight hours he spent in confinement there-the crowded Court house-the weary trial-the alternations of hope and despair-the time when, in the dim light, he sat waiting to hear his fate-; the stupid sort of non- comprehension with which he listened to the accursed verdict that stamped him socially, though not criminally, for life as a murderer-these j things, which he sometimes deluded himself j into believing were dead and buried, arose \ like ghosts, and came trooping out of the darkness of the weary, weary past into the present of the' man who had. suffered . so much and tried bo hard to cast aside all earthly considerations, and remember only the Master to whose service he was con-' secrated. At that moment his way was very dark to him. He had just cast aside all chance of a love that might even yet have flooded his life with sunshine-and in a moment he was called upon to contemplate the desolation wrought in another existence, 'which he now understood had been, through, his act and by his deed, passed in almost a more utter desolation-in even a more sickening hope lessness than his own. Now he beheld which way in the past his duty had lain, and wherein from the very first his error consisted; and even then it crossed his mind that perhaps it might still be his duty to go straight off next day to Madge, and tell her all, and if she, knowing all, were still willing to link her lot to his marry her. "Many her," a jibing spirit seemed to shriek in his ear, as this idea occurred to liim- " What have you to give her? Where is the heart that 3mew no other love; that might have been content itself, and made her content also-ignorant of the power and the might of an absorbing passion; innocent of all consciousness of that idolatry which no man can feel twice, "and which some men feel never? Better let the girl wed this mail, who can offer her at least an unsullied name, and a heart in which she will find no rival, than link her future to that of one whose life is a lie, who is liable at any moment to be cast from even the poor position he occupies, and branded as a murderer and an impostor ?" Pleasant thoughts these for him, as' he paced up and down, with head bent down, and hands clasped behind his back, while Herbert Spencer sat watching him, marvel ling much at his host's manner, and wonder ing what was to come next. Then suddenly the Curate stood still beside the table, and said " She is in love with an ideal, and you wish that ideal destroyed. How am I to help you?" " By telling me something of the reasons which induced Andrew Hardell to leave her and England as he did." "That would not assist your object," the other answered. " Even were I disposed to gratify your-1 will not say curiosity-but desire for information, sill I could tell would not advance your suit one iota. But this may. I assure you that Andrew Hardell was never worthy of the love Madge Forster gave him ; that he never loved her as she deserved to be loved; that had he done so he could not have left her without explanation, and that the aifection she alone should have owned is given elsewhere." "To Mrs. Challerson-ah! I always thought that the true solution of the enigma," said Herbert eagerly. " I deny your right to cross-examine me." Andrew replied; he had never felt himself such a liar and impostor as at that moment; he had never so winced over the torture as then, when he was questioned on Madge's behalf by Madge's lover. "But what I have told you is literally the truth, and if any assurance of mine could convince Madge that in losing her lover she really experienced a gain, I would entreat you to carry it to her; but she would doubt me and my assurance, naturally " " She went over to hear you preach in Essex Marsh," the other suggested, "but you were absent." "The place did not suit, my health, and I was often absent," the Curate answered, whilst his heart almost stood still, thinking what, a narrow escape that was, and yet almost wishing Madge had seen and known him worthless, and so cast the dream of her life away; "but it could serve no good purpose for me to see Miss Forster," he went on; " the interview could not fail to be painful, and it would be impossible forme to tell her more than I have told you. The man was not' worth remembering," he finished, almost fiercely. "He was a coward, and his whole life has been a deception and a lie." " You go farther than 1 should have ven tured to do," Herbert said, surprised and startled at this sudden vehemence, "and yet you are, or were, at one time his friend." " True, and if you wish to hear the "worst of any man, come to his friends to learn it," Andrew answered bitterly. "Neverthe less, Sir, what I tell you is the fact Andrew Hardell deceived himself as well as others-therein lies his sole excuse. Were I to tell you the whole stoiy through from first to last as 1 know it, you might pity, but you would also despise him, and you would know for yourself what I now tell you, that it is impossible he should ever let any innocent girl join her lot to his. Were he standing here this moment he would repeat my words as solemnly as I do myself. And now, if we have done with a painful subject, I will order supper-that is, sup posing my poor larder can furnish such a thing-I can. give you a. bed, also, if you are disposed to be satisfied with humble quarters." "Thank you," Herbert replied, "but I mast get hack to St. Marks to-night, as I want to return to London by the first ex press to-morrow." " You will have bread and salt with me, however," Andrew suggested, almost ner vously. "If not troubling you too much, for you hav« confirmed my own impression, and dealt more frankly by me than I had any right to expect." "Have 1^ really," the Curate answered; and there was a quiet sarcasm in his tone which Mr. Spencer thought of often in the after days, and further, he considered within himself, as he drove back after supper ta St. Marks, that Mr. Anthony Hardell had really told him nothing which, he desired to know. "There is a mystery also about that gentleman's life, or I am greatly mistaken," decided Mr. Spencer next morning, while he thought over the interview, as the express hurried .him back to tpwn; " and lie bears Mr. Andrew Hardell no great will, I am confident. Yet his is a nice face-the face of a man who has suffered. What a tangle the whole affair is-and oh, Madge, ray darling, how I wish you were out of it, and belonged to me-me only. And if 1 only could prove Mr. Andrew Hardell to have been, as his friend says, unworthy of so much devotion, I think I might have a chance-my love." Thinking -of these. things, Mr. Spencer walked briskly from the 'station up to his office, at the door of which he met a friend. " I am so glad to see you," observed the latter. " I have not a minute to spare, as I want to catch the Portsmouth tram; but such a curious thing has happened You remember talking to me once about a man. called Hardell, who rather stood in your-way with a certain fair lady. Well, I met an old College chum of mine last night, just back from India, who told me he married that very man to a widow in St. Swithin's Church before he went to a chaplaincy at a station. near Madras. Make your -game, my dear boy, therefore, and ask me to the breakfast. Good-bye." "One word," Herbert entreated. "Can I see that clergyman?" "Certainly, as often as yon like, when I return. Are you not grateful ? Good-bye, j once more." 