The Flaneur in the Cricket Field. I Nullius addietus jurare in verla magistri. I The admirers of cricket were treated with the sight ol some good play on Saturday last, oud somo tall «corri wero run up by various batsmen. On the Albert Ground, tho match between the 1st elevens of tit Military and Civil and Alberts (without professional]) was resumed »nd concluded, resulting in the first defeat which the lutter have sustained this season. Dickion and Campbell resumed their places at the wiokets, but the runs did not come as fast as on the previoui Saturday. Dickson added a fo«v more to his score, when he was oaught by Docker for 44. He played ratho flukily at the commencement of his innings, but settled down after a few orors, and batted in good style; fte. quently hitting with great vigour and cffeot. Campbell obtained IO (not out), but beyond tho appearance tbit ho was able to hit anything, his innings dooa not call foi much comment. The total of the innings was 115, being 10 runs in advance nf the Alberts. Alberts weat in for their second innings, but were not'even as success, fui as in their first. Waddy played well and hit oct». »¡anally with strength and freedom,. but wes eventual!? bowled by flood for 13. Coates again shewed "the sweet pretty bat," and successfully resisted all attempti of his opponents to dislodge him. His batting exhibited ul! his accustomed collectedness, and was, on this oca- sión, more than on any other, characterised bv imnr». nable defence. His score of (not out) 45, couplod '«¡to bis previous performances, wilt I dave no doubt be tai means of causing him to be watched with interest ind expectation in the approaching J ntercolonial Match. Flood played a good innings, and had secured 18 vim his namesake oaused his summaiy departure The lofji of tho 2nd innings was 96. In the second inning! ol tho Military, Dickson and Oampbell'soon bogan to pull tho bowling most effeotively. Coates, who was evidentlr fatigued from his long innings was unable to botrl wilt anything like precision, and although bogot the only tn wiokets that fell, was nevertheless not in form. Diction and Campbell kept company for some time, hit well ill round, and had obtained 34 and 20 respectively before they took their departure. Bedford, who wai st lin wioket when the stumps were drawn, played very nicelj for 12. Tho Military lost 2 wickets for 64 runs, TU match was decided on tho first innings in favour of lbj Military and Civil. At Newtown, a match was played between tbs U elevens of Warwick and Newtown, tbe latter Win) consented to resign tho match, begun on the preriou Saturday, between tho samo élevons, in favour of th« opponents. Newtown, who went first to tho wickelt & not shew much play, and the Gregories being in gool bowling form, did not trouble the scorers much. Tiriu played a good innings for 13. Ho has a good, but asl ward defence, and is too much given to hitting up. - W, Jones managed to do a little hitting, and obtained ll The whole eleven were dismissed for 61. For the Yfa, wioks, 0. and D. Gregory played well for 12 sad ll respectively. But Oatley's was undoubtedly tbs lal, innings in the mato h. He has a very pretty style, but' appears to be toe/' funkey. " His 32 wore well earned,' Warwicks lost 9 wiokets for 76. In the Domain, tho match between 2nd Alberts ind 1st Victoria was resumed and concluded, resulting can' trary to all expectations in a victory for tho Victors. The Vies, went in for their second innings, and chiefly by the batting of H. Fleming succeo:!cd in obtaining the requisite number of runs with one wicket to iptn. Harris played well for ll. H. Fleming was in good form, and played a very careful (not out) inning for 41. . Hinohy 12 and Furlong 10 played very well, and Fur weather by hard hitting netted 17, for which lie giri one chance. j At the conclusion of this match another was cornaca' I ced, between the Bama elevens, the Alberts going first to the wiokets. 'The only innings which call for comment, were thoso of Iaaacj and Andorson, tho former in a fluke/' but effective manner obtaining 16, and tho latter played i a careful not out innings for 17. Tho total was 57. foi Victorias obtained tho number required with tho loti of two wickets, Bigg and Fairweather, tho latter especially, I hitting tho bowling all over tho field. Both men played not out inningso9 for 20 and 31 respectively, ahliougl) Fairweather gave au easy chance. Tho bowlÍDg and fielding of the Alberts was wretched. I observe from your issue of last Saturday, that (bi Selection Committee for the Intercolonial Match biri chosen 21 men, in order to institnto a system ot practice. I hear, on good authority, that neither Beloher nor Gordon will bo in Svdnoy for tho match, consequently the number is now reduced to 10. ïh» names, of course, includes all our " cracks, " bat I observe ono or two for whom I am at a loss to account. Howell, although a first cloven Albert man, hasn't, I should think, a ghost of a chanco of being in. Robinson, bas not been seen in tho cricket fiold for about twoyean, I think. Ho was a second cloven Warwick man, which' he desorted for tho Australians j and ho has never doo» anything to entitle him to n position in the practico lol.; I took a walk to tho Domain on Tuesday to sea the fini practico match. Sheridan ;,luyod a very nico inuinjt of ?il. D. Gregory and Oatley for ll cooli, wera ter;, commendable. Waddy made somo hurd hits, but wi» ovidontly ill ot oaso, and I don't, wonder at it, for Di" Gregory found a gutter qr .» rnountoin, or something of i ho kind, and bumped every bail, much to tlioannoysncs of the batsman, ns poor Waddy'n bones will doubtai testify. l'ark had a good irniings for 28, and not ont yet. Stack wasn't much, and Robinson didn't ship« . little _ _ BODBBT AND HENRY HALL, brothoro of the notorioni Bon Hall, tba bushranger, hara boen committed WT cattlo-stealinç at Murrurrundi, 