CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. THE second Synod of the Brisbane Diocese of the Church of England commenced on May 25. The members assembled at St. John's Church, at 11 a.m., when morning prayer was said, and the Holy Communion celebrated. At 4 o'clock p.m. the Svnod assembled in the District Court. The. Bight Kev. Dr. Tufnell, president; and the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, vice-presi dent. After prayer, had been offered by the President. secretaries. The Rev. J. Matthews was elected clerical secretary ; and Mr. R. Short, lay secretary. DECLARED VACANCIES. Mr. SliKk having been elected to represent three parishes—Wickham-terrace, Warwick, and Gympie—stated that he would represent Warwick. Mr. Hirst having been elected to represent two parishes—Rockhampton and Gyndah — stated that he would represent Rockhampton. Vacancies for Synodsmen were then declared at Wickham- terrace, Gympie, and Gayndah. president's address. The President read the following address :— " My reverend brethren and my brethren of the laity,—lt is with feelings of deep gratitude to the Almighty Giver of all good that I meet you at the opening of this our second Synod, to take counsel with you with a view to the order ing and well governing of the Church in this diocese. " The single session of our first Synod was far, my brethren, from being an unfruitful one, and it ifl my earnest hope that our present session may, in its results, be of an eminently practical character. " Business Prepared by the Diocesan Council, for the Consideration of the Synod. " My reverend brethren, and my brethren of the laity,—Many subjects of deep importance to the welfare of the Church in this diocese will, during the present session, claim (as I feel sure they will receive) your patient and careful attention. The Diocesan Council have prepared a draft canon to regulate the appoint ment and to define the powers and duties of the council; a canon to provide for the forma tion and division of parishes, and a canon to provide for the establishment of a Church Extension Fund: whilst one of the members of the Diocesan Council has kindly prepared a canon to regulate the appointment of clergymen to parishes, upon which, unfortunately, the council had not time to deliberate, in conse quence of the oversight to which I have already alluded, which prevented the members of the Council from continuing to act as a body after the 25th of March, the .day upon which the late Synod expired. " Appointment of Clergy and Mode of their Sustentation. " The canon for regulating the appointment of clergymen to parishes, and that for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Extension Fund, are subjects of the graveßt importance, and which may, I think, with advantage, be considered together in the remarks- which I shall now address to you. It will be of com paratively little use to regulate by an ordi nance the appointment of clergymen to organ ised parishes and to newly constituted mission ary districts, unless we can ab>o arrange for obtaining, either from the mother country or from our colonial universities and theological colleges, a due supply of clergymen well quali fied to fill vacancies which may from time to time occur in our duly constituted parochial districts, and to occupy those centres of almost missionary enterprise which, if our branch of the Catholic Church of Christ is to attempt to fulfil her high responsibilities, ought, without delay, to be established in the more sparsely populated districts in the interior of the colony, whilst the due supply of this all important necessity will in great measure depend on the provision that is made for the sustentation of the clergy. We, my brethren, are taught to bear each other's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ and I feel sure that the inhabitants of the more settled and prosperous portions of the colony will esteem it as a duty and privilege to assist, as far as they are able, the settlers in the poorer and more sparsely populated districts of the interior. " Upon my first arrival in the colony, I Btated it to be my deliberate opinion that a clergyman in full orders ought not to receive a smaller an nual stipend than £300, with a parsonage, or an allowance in lieu of house rent; and in my opening address to the Synod of 1868,1 gave it as my opinion that in any colonial diocese, where it was practicable, a system of partial endowments for the support of the clergy in the different districts, to be supplemented by voluntary contributions of the members of the congregations to whom they ministered, would be found to be the most desirable and satisfac tory expedient. That to be entirely supporte d by voluntary contributions, in my judgment, places the clergy in a state of unhealthy depend ence upon the will of the congregation; whilst, on the other band, it appears to me that the system of entire endowment is exposed to the danger of rendering the clergy too independent of the affectionate respect and goodwill of those who are committed to their pastoral supervision. I am, then, in my own mind, fully persuaded that with a view to the sustentation of the clergy, we shall, in our organization of this diocese, do well to endeavor to provide a system of partial endowments, to be augmented by the voluntary contributions of the members of the congregation, together with the Easter offering, which I believe affords to the different congre gations a healthy way of expressing their due appreciation of the faithful and diligent minis trations of their pastor; and with regard to the appointment of the clergy, I will now only say that it is, in my judgment, desirable that the different congregations should, in some recognized way, have a voice in the selection, remembering that a clergyman, when once presented to the bishop and by him approved and appointed to a cure, has a moral, if not a legal, right to the regular qnarterly or monthly payment of the stipend which was assured to him upon his presentation, and that he cannot, when once appointed, be removed from his cure, except upon just cause shown either to the Bishop or to some tribunal appointed by the Synod and approved by the Bishop. I trust that the Synod in its present session may be able either by the establishment of a central fund, or by means of the proposed canon for providing for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Exten sion Fund, to make some arrangement for the more regular and certain payment of the stipends of the clergy. " Canon for Establishing a Diocesan Fund. " The principle asserted in this Canon is one which will, I feel sure, commend itself to the judgment of this Synod, and will, I trust, re ceive the cordial and earnest support of the members of the Church throughout the diocese. In the Old Testament, the claim of God was pronounced upon a tithe of the sub- Btance of all who entered into covenant with Him, and when the tenth, due to Him who is the Giver of every blessing that we enjoy, had been paid, the free- will offering was accepted as the tribute of a loving heart to a merciful and loving Father, aud in the Christian dis pensation, which exchanges principles for rules—a dispensation established upon better promises, and grounding obedience upon higher motives—it will be difficult to prove that less than a tithe of our substance is the property of the Lord. The time has come for some de cided effort to be made, and the consciences of the laity must be awakened to supply the lack of aid upon the part of the State in providing the ordinances of the Church for themselves and for their children. "In former days, kings were the nursing fathers and queens the nursing mothers of God'a Church, and in the settlement of the earlier colonies of the British Empire, the Crown being in theory the owner of the soil, which was * considered to be held in trust for the benefit of the British nation, in the creation of each new colony, and the laying-out of each new township, portions of land were reserved, by the will of the Sovereign, for the purposes of religion. These ' clergy reserves,' as they were called, were, in British North America, a most important means for the first establishment of Christianity in that land, although at a subsequent period they were often a cause of litigation and dispute, anil have in some instances, I believe, been diverted from the purpos tcwhich they were origiuallv " Whilst the principle embodied in the canon ] of which I am now speaking must, I think, commend itself to every one of us, the canon ' itself, in my opinion, is not sufficiently compre hensive. Our Church Society, although it has for some time been in abeyance, still exists. It ' has no inconsiderable sum of money yet at its ' disposal, and it might well, I think, place that ! at the disposal of the Council of the Diocesan ] Synod, to whom it is proposed in the canon that the management of the Church Extension Fund should be entnuted. I hope, therefore, that I whilst the principle of the proposed canon is | preserved, its objects, when in committee, may be so extended as to enable it to comprise those which are embodied in the constitution of the j Diocesan Church Society—viz., the supply of | clergy and their maintenance ; the building of churches, parsonages, and schools ; education ; and the establishment in different parts of the diocese of depdts for the sale of bibles and prayer-books and other religious publications, and the promotion of other objects of general Church extension. I have said, my brethren, that whilst on principle I regret the abolition of State-aid, I do not desire that it should be re-imposed. That which the State does not give it cannot with any sense of justice attempt to take away. In this colony we have sever known establishment and we need not fear dis-establishment. The trust-deed of the Weßleyans has, I believe, effectually pre vented any attempt at the secularisation or alienation of their endowments, and although it will require such careful preparation that I do not consider that it would be wise to make the attempt in the present session, yet, with the advantages which are enjoyed by the Synod, as at present constituted, 1 hope that if we are all spared another year, some such trust-deed for the security of our Church property to the pur poses for which it is devoted may be adopted by us. Education. " Allow me, my brethren, on this important subject to read to you a few words extracted from my opening address to the Synod of 1868. The school, my brethren, has ever been re garded as the handmaid of the Church, and in a well-ordered parish next in importance to the ministrations of the ordained pastor we may re gard the efficiency of the teachers of the day and Sunday school. Some of oar daily schools, as at Fortitude Valley, South Brisbane, and Toowoomba, are, I am glad to say, assisted by the Board of General Education, but in these it is found necessary by practical experience that there should be an adjustment of the relative position occupied by the inspector appointed by the Board and the clergyman of the parish subject to the supervision of the Bishop. To others of our schools, as at St. John's, Spring Hill, and Ipswich, aid has been refused, but it is only fair that I should say that since my re turn from England our applications for assistance to these schools have not been renewed. " During the recess the applications for as sistance to the schools of St. John's, Spring-hill, and Ipswich, have been renewed, and in the. case of St. John's and Spring-hill, aid has been granted by the Board. At Ipswich, it has again been refused, and for the reason previously assigned in answer to the former applications of the clergyman and local patrons for assistance —viz., that there was an abundance of unoccu pied room in the vested schools established by the Board in that .town, in which the children of our schools might be received. Ipswich, it must be remembered, was one of the schools assisted by the Government of New South Wales previous to Separation, and one of the schools referred to in the letter of the then Colonial Secretary, the Hon. E. G. W. Herbert-, addressed te me at the time when the Act for establishing the Board of General Education was about to come into operation. In that letter Mr. Herbert said he had little doubt but that we should be glad to avail ourselves of the advantages which were secured under the Act to our existing schools. The school attached to St. Paul's Church, at Ipswich, was at that time one of our existing schools, but the clergyman and local patrons of that school have found no advantage secured to them under the Act, unless the persistent refusal of the board to grant the assistance for which they have asked is to be so regarded. This is a fact which I think requires no comment, and I may add that, if I am rightly informed, subsequently to a former refusal of the Board, based upon the unoccupied space existing in their vested school, assistance was given by the Board to the non-vested school of another religious denomination in that town, with out any reference to their refusal to entertain our prior application. The clergyman and the local patrons of the school at Ipswich, have, I understand, placed the matter in the hands of their local representatives in the Legislative Assembly, and I trust that this may lead to an alteration in the regulation of the Board which presses so heavily, and, in my opinion, so un fairly upon one of our schools existing at the time when the Education Act came into opera tion. The religious education of the younger members of our communion, both in our daily and Sunday schools, is, I need scarcely say, a subject of the deepest importance; and, if it commends itself to the judgment of the Synod, it would be well if a small select committee were appointed to co-operate with me in my communications with the Board and in the general supervision of our schools. Such com mittee might be called the Diocesan Board of Education, and it would be one of the duties of the Board to consider whether it might not be desirable to make some provision for afford ing to the children of our own communion, in the vested school of the Board of General Education some opportunities of religious in struction under the clause in the regulations of the Board, which permits special religious in stuction to be given before or after the usual school hours, and offers to make the necessary arrangements for that purpose. " Lay Agency. " And this, my brethren, leads me to say a few words upon the subject of lay agency. If this valu able assistance is needful in the Church at home, much more is it necessary in our colonies, where the ordained ministers of religion are compara tively few in number, and many of them placed in charge of a pastoral district often larger in territorial extent than some of our English dioceses. Why should it be thought that the duty of the lay members of the Church is limited to the alms and oblations which they bring to the service of the Lord. They daily repeat the pe tition of our Lord's own prayer «Thy kingdom come,' and the coming of that kingdom is to be the object of their daily endeavor, as it is of their daily petition at the Throne of Grace. In our pastoral stations, which, of necessity, can only enjoy the quarterly, or, at the most, the monthly visit of the ordained minister of re ligion, if the offering of united prayer is to be set forth in God's sight as the incense and the lifting up of the hands as the evening sacrifice, we must return in some measure to the sim plicity and sincerity of the patriarchal times, to the rude altar of Noah, to the place where the patriarch Abraham was 'wont to stand be fore the Lord,' to the pillar that Jacob ' set up at Bethel.' The layman may, with the sanction of the Bishop, conduct the soul stirring worship of our Book of Common Prayer,—he may read, and if found competent to do so, explain the purport of God's written Word; he may, under the direction of the authorised miuister, visit the sick and comfort the sad-hearted, but he cannot administer the sacraments, pronounce with authority the de claration of divine pardon to those who truly repent and unfeignedly believe the gospel; he cannot bless in his Divine Master's name, or dismiss with the solemn benediction the congre gation amongst whom he has ministered. " Conference of Bishops. " I have placed on the table for the use of the members of the Synod, copies of the minutes of the late Conference of Bishops. The Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, in inviting the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania to take part in the consecration of the Cathedral at Sydney, invited us at the same time to take counsel to gether upon various matters affecting the well being of the Church, and we desire to commend the conclusions at which we arrived to the con sideration of the Church in the several dioceses of the province. " The first subject then proposed for our con sideration may be said, my brethern, to involve the whole object of our Conference, which was \ to define the present relation of the Church of ! England in the province of Australia, or I '■ might say, of the Church of England in the ' .^olonie^geuerallj, to the Ohuicb. at home, and , to consider the beßt means of maintaining such relation, and we were unanimously of opinion that the relation of the Church in the colonies to the Church at home is one of identity of doctrine and worship, and of subjection to the law of the Church of England so far as it is applicable to a Church not established by law, and that that relation may practically be best maintained by a system of diocesan and provincial synods, by a common court of ap peal, and by a council of reference. I have, my brethren, always been of opinion that, with a view to unity of organisation and of action in our several dioceses, it is very desirable that there should, in addition to our Diocesan Synods, be a general Synod for the whole pro vince ; and if such should be the opinion of the Synod, it may be well, before the close of our session, that we should, by a resolution of the Synod, give a formal expression to that opinion, as was lately done by the Church Assembly of Melbourne in their annual session. I should be unwilling altogether to pass over—although I do not think that it is necessary to dwell at any length upon—the 7th Minute of our Con ference, which caused some anxiety amongst the members of the Church in the diocese of Sydney. On the law upon this subject I will give one short extract from the most recent edition of Mr. Cripps' practical Treatise on the law re lating to the Church and clergy:— c Ho person appointed to a cure of souls can quit that cure, or discharge himself of it, but upon good motives, to be approved by the superior who committed it to him:"—and with regard to the meaning of the resolution, I may say that I considered it to apply, not to a clergyman re ceiving from a recognised patron or board of patrons a nomination to an incumbency, but to a clergyman applying to a bishop for ministerial employment in his diocese. " Report of the Select Committee appointed to enquire into and report upon the present State of the Administration of the Marriage Rite I as it affects the Church of England in the Marriage of her Members. I do not consider that it is competent for a i Diocesan Synod to abrogate or alter a canon or rubric of the Church, and in a new country where ill-considered, and I fear I must add, often unlawful marriages are attempted to be con tracted, we should, I consider, be very careful how we in any way discourage the publication of banns, and an objection which I entertain to the scale of fees recommended by the Synod, that whilst it lessens the expenses attendant on a marriage by license, it increases the expense of a marriage by banns; it would thus discou rage the due observance of the wise provision of the Church, and press heavily upon those who can least afford it—the newly arrived immigrant, desiring to take for better and for worse one I who may share with him in the joys and sorrows, the hopes and the fears, attendant upon a settlement in a new country. I also consider that the requirement of the canon law that the marriage should be solemnised between the hours of 8 and 12 in the forenoon, was, not only with a view to publicity, but with regard to the rubric at the close of the marriage service, which says :—' It is convenient that the newly married persons should receive the Holy com munion at the time of their marriage, or at the first opportunity after their marriage, for if it has not positively forbidden, the Church has always discouraged the administration of the Holy Communion subsequently to the partaking of the chief meal of the day.' What then would I propose, for I fully sympathise with the committee in their desire that the hours for the solemnisation of marriages should be ex tended, and the expenses diminished. I would recommend the continuance of the canonical hours wherever it is practicable to observe them, but I would give to the officiating clergy man a discretionary power of solemnising marriages at any time between sunrise and sun set, and I would accept tke scale of fees lately adopted in the Diocese of Newcastle—viz., Marriage by license—On taking out a license, registrar's fees, £1; surrogate's fee, 10s. This fee would, I consider, not be necessary when the application was made directly to the Registrar of the Diocese, and the necessary declarations made and taken before him. On solemnisation of marriage—clergyman's fee (complimentary), in no case less than 10s.; clerk or sexton's fee, ss. Marriage by banns:—On putting in banne for publication, 2s. 6d.; on solemnisation of marriage—clergyman's fee, ss. j clerk or sex ton's fee, 2s. 6d. And if this or some similar scale of fees, with the extension of hours which I have suggested, commends itself to the ap proval of the Synod, I shall be quite ready to provide and lay upon the table an amended code of marriage regulations, following the pre , cedent of my right reverend brother the Bishop of Newcastle, when a similar desire was ex pressed by the Synod of his diocese. This action upon my part would not, however, ren der unnecessary the expediency of our petition ing the Government to lay before Parliament a measure for diminishing the facilities which are afforded under the present Act for the contrac tion of hasty and ill- considered marriages, and for affording greater facility for the prosecution of those who may be guilty of deliberate perjury. " Church Progress. " Those of you, my brethren, who were mem bers of the late Synod, will remember that the necessity for providing for the religious instruc tion of the members of the Church who are prisoners in the gaol was brought before the Synod, by one of the lay members, and the Synod will be glad to hear that during the reoess I have been able to make provision for the holding of Divine service in the gaol once on every Sunday, and for the pastoral visitation of the prisoners during the week. " I have trespassed somewhat at length, my rev. brethren and my brethren of the laity, upon your patience, but I cannot bring my address to a close without adverting to the progress of Church extension in the diooese. I am thankful to be able to say that during the past year I have been able to supply a want which, since the withdrawal through illness of their late pas tor, was severely felt by the members of the Church in the Burnett district, by the appoint ment of the Bev. Mr. Alkin. I nave also been able to form a new district on the Darling Downs, with Leyburn for its centre, by the appointment of the Bev. Mr. Joshua Jones, and to make provision for the spiritual wants of the mem bers of the Church at Gympie, and in that neighborhood, by the appointment of the Bev. Mr. Campbell. My most pressing want at the present moment is that of a well qualified clergy man to undertake the pastoral charge of Copper field and Clermont, with the surrounding dis | trict. Nor has the past year been unfruitful in church building. Considerable progress has* been made in the new church at Warwick, a new church at Tingalpa has been consecrated, a church has been built and opened for Divine I service at Gympie; the foundation-stone of a new church at Toowoomba, and of a church upon Wickham-terrace, within the limits of the municipality of Brisbane, have been kindly laid by His Excellency the Governor. A church is about to be erected by the settlers at Oxley Creek, and a convenient see-house for the resi dence of the Bishop and his successors, with a chapel attached to it, has been provided by the kindness of friends in England. " Almost the concluding act of our first Synod which I was requested to forward to His Grace the Primate of all England, acknowledging with feelings of gratitude and respect the pas toral letter of the Archbishops and Bishops of the Anglican Communion, assembled at Lam beth, under His Grace's presidency, in Septem ber 1867. "Since that letter was written the Church of our fathers has deeply mourned the loss of that truly wise and sagacious prelate, who, by God's providence, placed at the helm in troublesome and axious times, tended much by his fatherly and prudent counsel to the safe guiding of the barque through many an opposing shoal. Often might that venerable prelate have been found, like Eli of old, by the wayside watching, for his heart trembled for the Ark of God; but he now speaks to us, my brethren, from the unseen world, and with his pure and gentle spirit are the spirits of two, who, in an especial manner, put forward the gathering of that great Con ference, and tended so much, by their wise and prudent counsels, to briig it to a successful issue. The wisdom of the late Archbishop, in summoning that Conference, will long be felt by the branches of the Colonial Church, as they assemble in their diocesan and provincial Synods. The Metropolitan Bishop of Montreal, in British North America, and the Venerable Bishop, who with so much prudence and sagacity presided over the Church in the United States of North America, and the much loved and deeply lamented Primate of the Church of England, all took an an active part in the gathering of that Conference, and conducting it to so successful an issue; and now, though so brief a time has passed, they all speak to us, my brethren, from the unseen world, and what is the key note *f their Toice as it reaches us from that far off, and to us, unknown land ? ' What* soever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might, for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave, whither thou goest.' My brethren, may the Holy Spirit, who presided over the"! councils of the Church in the days of old, be with us in this our solemn gathering as before the Lord, and may the Holy Ghost the Comforter, who, given to the Church by the risen and ascended Lord, was to abide with her for ever, guide us into that perfect peace of Qod which pasßeth all understanding." It was deeided that the address should be printed. BEPOBT OP THE DIOCBSAH COUNCIL. (AJbridqed). " The Diocesan Council, in reporting to the Synod their proceedings for the past year, regret that they have to do so through the secretary of the Synod; for they found that, owing to an oversight on the part of the late Synod, when passing the canon to regulate the election of syuodsmen, they were prevented from acting as a body after the 25th of March, 1869—the day upon which the Synod of 1868 was dissolved according to the provisions of the 6th clause of the canon above-mentioned. The council would therefore recommend that the clerical members of the council, and such portion of the lay members thereof as may be re-elected to the Synod of 1869, should appear as an executive body during the ensuing session of Synod, until their successors are appointed on the last day of the session; and in order to enable them to have the necessary powers for so doing, and thereby prevent any irregularities which might arise, the council further recom mend that the Standing Orders be suspended on the first day the new Synod meets, with the view of passing through all its stages a short canon, declaring suoh clerical members as were elected to the council by the late Synod, and suoh lay members re-elected to the new Synod as were members of the council during the recess, to constitute the Diocesan Council during the session, any provision to the contrary notwith standing. A draft canon to carry this into effect has been prepared, and forms appendix A to this report. Provision has also been made, in another draft canon, to prevent, for the future, any such awkward contingency as is herein referred to. "The subject of religions instruction to members of the Church being* prisoners in the gaol, having been brought under the considera tion of the Synod, was one of the first matters to occupy the attention of the Council; and the Council have much pleasure in reporting that arrangements have been made whereby Divine service is held once every Sunday in the gaol, and the prisoners visited regularly by the clergyman during the week. " E. W. Brisbane, Chairman. "Appendix A. " Draft Canon to Provide for the Constitution of a Diocesan Council during the Session of the Syribd of 1869. " Whereas by the provisions of the • Canon for convening the Synod, and for regulating the election of Synodsmen to the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queens land,' it was declared that the Synod elected | during the year 1868 should be dissolved on the the twenty-fifth day of March, 1869: And whereas doubts have arisen whether the mem bers of the Synod of 1868, elected by that Synod to form the Diocesan Council can, even when re-elected to the Synod, properly continue to act as members of the said council after the aforesaid twenty-fifth day of March, 1869 : And whereas it is desirable and neoessary to make provision for the continuance of the said Diocesan Council in office during this present session of the Synod, and until such time as their successors are appointed : Be it there fore declared and established by the Bishop, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Brisbane, in Synod assembled, as follows :— " 1. The clerical members of this Synod who were elected as members of the Diocesan Coun cil by the Synod, during the session held at Brisbane in the year of our Lord" one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, and such lay members of this Synod as were eleoted by the ' Synod aforesaid as members of the said Diocesan Council, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, the Diocesan Council of the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane, until their successors are appointed by this Synod, any rule or regulation to the contrary notwith standing ; and such Council shall have all the powers and authority conferred on the Diocesan Council by the said Synod. _ "2. The provisions of this canon shall con tinue and remain in force only until the last day of the present session of the Synod, and no longer." Appendix B. " Beport of the Committee appointed by the Synod of 1868 to consider the desirability of amending the Regulations affecting Mar riages solemnised by Clergymen of the Church of England. " The duty entrusted to your committee was to consider the best method of dealing with the restrictions in the present regulations respecting marriages, which induce members of the Church of England to seek the services of ministers of other denominations for the mar riage rite. " The work of your committee has been very much simplified by the fact that, by the Synods of all the other Australian dioceses, tke same subject has been fully and freely discussed. In these debates in other Synods, as well as by the unanimous opinion of your own committee, confirmed by evidence taken before them, the irregularity sought to be remedied has been traced to two main causes, viz. :— "1. To the inconvenience of the canonical hours, which are from 8 a.m. to 12 noon; and "2. To the high rate of fees by license— rii., £5 ss. "On the latter point your committee were unanimously of opinion that it was desirable to make it known that none of the services of the Church are any part of a monetary considera tion. The recommendation of your committee is therefore to advise such charges as shall cover the actual expenses, and then leave to personal convenience and kindly feeling any ac knowledgment of obligation for the service ren dered by the minister. " To meet the actual expenses, the following scale of fees was thought by your committee to be most suitable and adequate, viz. ;— " Marriage by License: surrogate, 10s. 6d. j license, 10s. 6d.; clerk, 4m. ; total, £1 ss. "Marriage by Banns: publication, 10b.; clerk, 3s. 6d.; total, 13s. 6d. " As this alteration in the scale of fees would affect the income of the registrar, should the increased number of marriages by license not make up the deficiency, the Synod might adopt some system to supply such deficiency, as in theirjudgmentmay seem best. " x our committee have further to recommend that all persons living within a radius of six miles from any Church should be married in the Church, or, in the case of bush stations (where it is possible), in the room where Divine service is usually held; and tbat, beyond a dis tance of six miles, mileage should be charged by the minister who performs the ceremony, at the rate of two shillings and sixpence per mile for any distance beyond such six miles. " With respect to the first point—that re lating to the hours of celebration—your com mittee have to advise that the time be extended from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. during the months ex tending from April to August inclusive, and from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. during the remaining months of the year. A chancre in this direction has been sanctioned in all (or nearly all) the other Australian dioceses. 11T. Jones, Chairman. " Brisbane, March 12, 1869." WBDNBBDAY, MAY 26. Mr. Short asked, —(1.) Who arc the mem bers of the Church in this diocese ? (2.) How are they known or distinguished from those who are not members of the Church ? The Pbbsidbnt, in reply to the first ques tion, answered :—l. All duly baptised persons who conform to the doctrine, rites, and discip line of the Book of Common Prayer. 2. lam not sure that I correctly understand the pur port of the second question, but my answer is —The Church knows and distinguishes as her full members those who, accepting the doctrine and discipline of the Book of Common Prayer, communicate at the least thrice in the year, if the opportunity of doing so is within their reach. Mr. W. T. Blakbney asked, —Has his Lord ship issued instructions to the clergy to cause collections to be made in their several churches in aid of synodical expenses, in accordance with a suggestion to that effect made by the late Synod ; if so, when such collections are to be made? The Pbbbident replied : In issuing my pre cept for the convening of the Synod, I requested the clergy to cause collections to be made in their several churches in aid of synodical ex penses, on or about Trinity Sunday ; and I desired the clergy to forward to the Treasurer of the Synod the amount collected, and to in form me by letter of the .amount of the collec tion. Mr. Simcß asked,—(l.) Will bis Lordship the President inform the Synod whether any correspondence has taken place during the last year between himself and the authorities at the English Universities, or other collegiate in stitutions, or the Propagation Society, with reference to the supply of additional clergymen to the diocese? (2.) If so, will his Lordship have any objection to lay such correspondence on the table ? The President replied: The only corres pondence with reference to the supply of addi tional clergymen which I have hell during the past year with the authorities of English Uni versities, or other collegiate institutions, or with the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, has been to intimate to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Paits, and to the Warden of St. Augus tine's College, Canterbury, that I should be glad to receive any well qualified young men as ! candidates for Holy Orders who may be willing to exercise their diaconate under the superintendence of the older clergymen of the diocese, with the view to their being afterwards appointed to sole charges. I have no copies of my letters upon this subject, and I have received as yet no replies to them, as they did not re quire an answer unless it were to tell me that some clergyman, or candidate for holy orders, was coming out to the diocese. Having on a former occasion expressed my willingness to divest myself of the responsibility attendant upon the exercise of that which is commonly understood by patronage, if the Sytood should think it desirable for me to do so, I have to bear it in mind that the obtaining additional clergymen from England is concurrent with their appointment to onres; and that if I in vite a clergyman to render the work of the ministry in my diocese, I am bound, if he is found faithful, to see that a sphere for the exer cise of his ministry is provided for him. The Eev.F. C.JAe»;asked,—(l.) What dis tricts or parishes are represented in the present Synod ? (2.) What qualifies a district or parish to return delegates ? The Pbesidbnt replied : With regard to the first question, I have requested the secretaries to the Synod to furnish me with a list of the districts or parishes represented in the Synod. Mr. Jagg will find that his second- question is answered in sections three and seven of the electoral canon. Whenever any alteration is made in the electoral canon, it would, I think, be desirable to provide that a chapelry, receiv ing the privilege of representation in the Synod, should be expected to contribute a fair propor tion of the stipend of the clergyman of the district within which the chapelry is situated. On the motion of Mr. W. T. Blakbnby, ; seconded by Mr. Blakenby, it was resolved, — j That Charles Coxen, Esq., be elected Chairman of Committees of the Whole during the present Synod. Mr. Blakenby obtained leave to postpone till to-morrow the motion standing in his name. Mr. Short proposed, and the Bev. Jakes Matthews seconded, —That in the opinion of this Synod, it is desirable that the Act 8 William IV., No. 5, intituled an Act to regu late the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales ; and the Act 21 Victoria, No. 4, intituled an Act to amend the Act passed in the eighth, year of his late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled an Aot to regulate the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales, and now in force in this colony, should be repealed; that a Select Committee be appointed to prepare, subject to the approval of the Synod, a bill, to be submitted to the Legislature of Queensland, to repeal the aforesaid Acts, and to provide for that all and every the real estate in all churches, chapels, schools, ministers' dwellings, burial grounds, and glebe lands, and all other lands and hereditaments appertaining thereunto which are now held under the provisions of the said recited Aots on behalf of the several congre gations under the spiritual superintendence of the Bishop of the diocese, or by trustees ap pointed under the said Acts, shall be trans ferred to the Diocesan Synod, or to trustees appointed by the Synod; that the committee consist of the President, the Venerable Arch deacon Glennie, the Bev. John Button, the Bev. J. Matthews, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the Hon. J. Bramston, and themover. Mr. W. T. Blakbnby proposed, and the Hon. J. Brajcston seconded, as an amend ment, —" That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into and report upon the desirability or otherwise of petitioning the Legislature to repeal the Aot 8 William IT., No. 5, intituled an Aot to regulate the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales; and the Act 21 Victoria, No. 4, intituled an Act to amend the Act passed in the eighth year of his late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled an Act to regulate the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales, and now in force in this colony. And should they, in their opinion, consider it desirable that those Acts should be repealed, that they be requested to prepare a bill for that purpose, to be sub mitted to the Synod, in its next session, for approval. And that the committee consist of the President, the Venerable Archdeacon Glen nie, the Rev. John Sutton, the Bev. J. Matthews, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the Hon. J. Bramston, and Mr. R. Short/' After discussion, Mr. Show said that, if the Diocesan Council, when appointed, were substi tuted for the Select Committee, he would withdraw his motion in favor of the amendment. —Agreed to. Mr. W. T. Blakeney moved, and the Rev. Jakes Matthews seconded, the adoption of the report of the Diocesan Council, which was car ried. Mr. W. T. BxAXSKBT moved'the suspension of the standing orders, for the purpose of pass ing the draft canon contained in appendix A to the report. Rev. E. G. Mobebxy seconded the motion. Mr. Shobt and several other members ob jected to the suspension of the standing orders for that purpose. Mr. Short moved, and the Hon. John Beam ston seconded, the suspension of so much of the standing orders as would permit the reading a first time the canons referred to in the Council's report.—Carried. The Rev. J. Matthews moved, and Mr. R. Shobt seconded, the first reading of the draft canon, to regulate the appointment and to define the powers and duties of the Diocesan Council. The draft canon was read a fint time. The Rev. J. Matthews moved, and Mr. R. Short seconded, the fint reading of a draft canon for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Extension Fund.—Read a first time. The Rev. Jakes Matthews moved, and Mr. R. Shobt seconded, the first reading of the draft canon to provide for the formation and division of parishes.—Carried. Mr. W. T. Blakbnby moved, and Mr. A. E. Halloban seconded, the first reading of a draft canon to regulate the appointment of clergymen to parishes. —Carried. Mr. W. T. Blakenby moved, and the Rev. J. R. Mopfatt seconded, the first reading of a draft canon to provide for the constitution of a Diocesan Council during the session of the Synoi of 1869.—Carried. Thttrsday, Mat 27. Mr. W. T. Blakbnby asked.-Will the Chan cellor be kind enough to state hia opiaion, whe ther it is not necessary that the members of the present Synod should sign the constitution canon passed by the last Synod, or a declaration of their adhesion to its provisions, before they proceed to pass any ordinances during the pre sent session ? Also, whether all the signatures of all the members of the last Synod are attached to that measure ? The Chancellor replied : I do not chink it necessary that the members of the present Synod shall sign the constitution canon passed by the last Synod, or a declaration of their ad hesion to its provisions, before they proceed to pass ordinances during the present session. I do think such a declaration might very properly be required from members on first taking their seats in the Synod, but at present there is no provision for their doing so. The signatures of the President and seven members of the last Synod are attached to that measure. Mr. W. T. Blakekkt asked,—Whether all the clergy who have attended at the prevent Synod are duly licensed ? The President replied, the clergy attending the present Synod are duly licensed. Mr. Blakknet aßked, —1. What has been the amount of compensation awarded by the arbitrators against the Government, for the re sumption of the Church lands at Dalby ? 2. Has the amount been paid, and, if so, to whom ? 3\. Has the same been invested in any securities, and, if so, of what nature ? 4. Is it proposed by his Lordship to allocate the same to pay off the debt due for the building of the church at Dalby ? The President replied, the amount of com pensation awarded by the arbitrators against Government for the resumption of the two and a half acres of glebe land at Dalby was £350, with an item of £93 11s. 7d. for interest. The Secretary for Public Works offered to pay the £350 awarded, but refused to sanction the payment of the £93 lls. 7d. as interest. I re fused to accept this offer, but to avoid the ex pense of litigation, I offered to accept the £350 with £50 for interest. The Secretary for Public Works accepted this settlement of the mat ter, and the £400 was duly paid to me. The £50 received for interest I transmitted to the Rev. E. G. Moberly, as the interest would, if paid from time to time, have formed a part of or addition to his stipend, which I knew to be in arrear. The £350 I placed for three months on a deposit note in the Bank of Australasia. It is not my intention to allocate the same to pay off the debt due for the building of the church at Dalby. I have been asked to lend the money to the parties responsible for the payment of that debt, and I have said that if I do so it could only be upon security satisfactory to my solicitors being given for the repayment of the principal, and the 'payment of the interest. I deposited the money for three months in order that I might await the result of an attempt which is being made to pay off the debt upon the church, and have an opportunity of consulting the Diocesan Council. I consider that it is the duty of a trustee to invest money arising from the alienation of land held in trust, either in the purchase of land or in real securities, for the purposes of the original trust, or in the improvement of the remaining portion of the land. It may be interesting to the Synod to know that the two and half acres of land resumed by the Government, were purchased for £5 (at £2 per acre). I mention this, and recall to the memory of the Synod the fact, that in England the glebe is often composed of a number of small fields situated in different parts of the parish, probably the gift in former days of the proprietors of different estates, be cause it may suggest the practicability of giving portions of land as the nucleus of an endowment for the different parishes. The Rev. T.Jones asked,—WillyourLordship be pleased to state whether it is your Lordship's wish, or the wish of the lay members, that the clergy and the lay members sit apart in the House during the debates ? The Pbebideht replied—As president of the Synod, it is my duty, if present, to occupy the chair, except when the House is in committee. I am not aware that any wish has been expressed by the lay members to sit apart during the debates, or that there is any understanding that they should do so ; if there is such an under standing, it is probably for the convenience of ascertaining the existence of a quorum. The President laid upon the table the fol lowing paper, and gave notice that he should call the attention of the Synod to it to-morrow (this day). PROPOSED MABBIAGB RE<HTXATXOKS. Whilst it is my desire that the canonical hoars should ordinarily be obserred, I am willing that the clergy should exercise a dis cretionary power, so as in any special case to be able to perform the marriage service at any time between sunrise and sunset. All marriages to be performed in the church or place licensed for Divine service in the parish to which one of the parties belongs, except when both parties are living at a distance of more than five miles from the church or place of worship, in whioh ease the marriage may take place in a private house. Mr. W. T. Blazbkby moved, and Mr. H. P. Abbott seconded, —That his Lordship the Bishop be requested to cause a copy of the license issued to the clergy in his diocese, to be laid on the table for the information of members. The Prbsodbkt laid a copy of the license upon the table. On<£he motion of the Venerable Archdeacon Glbxhib, seconded by Mr. Justice Lctwyche, it was resolved, —That the Lord Bishop be requested, if it meet his approval, to insert a suffrage in the Litany, to be used instead of the prayer for the Governor now used in this diocese. The PbbbTDBNT said he should be happy to frame such a suffrage, and give effect to the resolution. Mr. Short moved, and Mr. Justice Ltrr wychk seconded, —That it is desirable that an enrolment should be made of all the mem bers of this branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in each congregation, parish, or district in this diocese; that the names be duly entered in a register provided for that purpose, setting forth the age and sex of each member, the time and place of baptism, and whether such member has been confirmed, and is a communicant. That a Select Com mittee be appointed to prepare a draft canon, to be submitted to the Synod, to regulate such enrolment of members; and that such com* mittee consist of the President, the Venerable i Archdeacon Glennie, the Bev. J. Sutton, the Rev. F. C. Jagg, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, the Hon. J. Douglas, and the mover. Debate ensued. Mr. S. L. Pbtebson moved, and Bev. E. B. Nevill seconded, as an amendment, —That all the words after the word " diocese" on the fifth i line down to the word " communicant" on the tenth line, be omitted. After further debate Mr. Shobt adopted the amendment. Upon the motion being put to the Synod Mr. W. T. Blajujney demanded that the committee be chosen by ballot. This was put to the vote and negatived, whereupon Mr. W. T. Blakeney called for a division by orders, which was taken with the following result :— Fob Tint Ballot, 6.—The Bev. J. B. Moffat, Messrs. Abbott, Drew, W. T. Blakeney, C. W. Blakeney, and Charles Coxen. Aoaikst thb Ballot, 25.—The Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, Bevs. J. Mosely, T. Jones, J. Sutton, J. Matthews, E. G. Moberly, G. G. Danvers, W. T. Harte, C. J. Clayton, E. B. Nevill, J. Jones, F. C. Jagg, Mr. Justice Lut wyche, Sir M. C. O'Connell, Sir James Cockle, Hob. J. Bramston, Messrs. Halloran, Johnson, Short, Master, Tully, Douglas, Clark, Suter, !?. H. Webb, and S. L. Petewon. Mr. Abbott proposed, and Mr. Blakbney seconded, the addition to the committee of the names of Eev. John Moselj, Rev. T. Jones, Mr. L. A. Bernays, and W. T. Blakeney.— Carried. Order op Business for Friday, May 28. The Rev. F. C. Jag<j to ask,—ls any gentle man who is a seat-holder at the so-called Free Church of England, and not an attendant at the services of his parish church, qualified by the provisions of the Constitution to sit M • representative in this Synod? Mr. W. T. Blakeney to ask,—(l.) The aggregate amount of collections made in thia diocese and the United Kingdom, placed in the hands of His Lordsnip the Bishop, in aid of the Church of England in Queensland. (2.) The amount of such collections expended in this colony for diocesan purposes. (3.) The amount of such collections invested in loans under mortgages or otherwise, and the nature and description and situation of the security held for each loan. (4.) The amount of cash in the Bishop's hands at the present time. (5.) The amount of incom* from such investments. Rev. T. Jones to move,—That the report of the Select Committee on the Marriage Question be adopted, and that Mr. W. T. Blakeney's draft bill for the amendment of the Marriage Act be taken into consideration. Mr. Blakbxey to move,—(l.) That a Select Committee be appointed for the purpose of pre paring the draft of a trust deed for securing the property of the Church of England and Ireland in this colony. (2.) That the said committee consist of the following clerical and lay mem bew:—The President, the Venerable Aroh deacon GHennie, the Rev. JohnMosely,Sir James Cockle, Mr. Justice Lutwyche, and the mover. ORDERS OP THE DAY. Draft Canon to provide for the constitution of a Diocesan Council during the session of the Synod of 1869 : Second reading. Draft Canon to regulate the appointment and to define the powers and duties of the Diocesan Council : Second reading. Draft Canon for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Extension Fund: Second reading. Draft Canon to provide for the formation and division of parishes : Second reading. Draft Canon to regulate the appointment of clergymen to parishes: Second reading. Fob Wednesday, Juhe 2. MOTIONS. Rev. Jakes Matthews to move, —1. That the use of different hymn books in the various churches of this diocese, is, to say the least, in convenient. That this Synod respectfully re quests the President to order one and the Bame hymn book, and one and the same psalter pointed for chanting, to be used in each and all the churches throughout this diocese. 2. That it be an instruction from this Synod to the Diocesan Council to take such stops as shall to them seem necessary and desirable, to establish a book depository for the sale of copies of the Holy Scriptures, the Book of Common Prayer, and other religious and useful publications. m talcing out a Ltcente — Registrar's fee £10 0 Surrogate's fee ... ... ... 0 10 0 n Solemization of Marriage— Clergyman's fee (complimentary)... 0 10 0 Clerk and sexton's fee 0 5 0 £2 5 0 Marriage After Banks. w putting in Bantu for Publication — On solemnization of marriage ... 0 2 6 Clergyman's fee 0 5 0 Clerk and sexton's fee 0 2 6 Mabbiaob by Licbhsb. 