THE PERIPATETIC PHILOSOP1IEII. (From the Auylrahifian, October 30.) " <Jii.Jf|iiM ai::nt hemines votiim timor ira volaptas (jaudia discursas. I:ostr; est farrago libelli."—1 UVKSM.. The principal obj-ct of interest at this moment is the ihielisli mail, and the most intevestin:-; piece of ir.telii- -c.nci! hrnuaht by (lie English ni-iil is a nasty story ahout Lord I'yrrui, revived liy that lias'y old woman, Mrs. ileeeher t--:awe. Mrs. Slowe seems to he a sort of literary muck rake. Her first success was " Uncle Tern's Cabin" (which liuhly coloured fiction did more to hrins about the American war thans-im" people thir.k); and havimr poiiretl forth her praise of the aristocracy in that puerile piece of snobbishness, ** Snnnv Memories from Foreign Lands,-' she now must satisfy" her woman's vanity by a deliberate betrayal of a disgraceful family secret. It seems to mo that no additional proof of tho old storv has been given bv Mrs. Stowe, and that she ia just m likelv to be wrong as riiht. The whole disgusting tale illicit have as well remain.-J untold, for the tellinc of it ins .1.1.1.: nothing hut hurin. Tiie matter appears to be a terrible inslance of the evil a caeklinc old woman can -fi's-fS through sheer vanity. Mrs. Stowe wants to make 520, and ,^et herself talked al.-u' as the "fri-nd of Lady iiyren," and all Europe. ] refentlv riots wil'i a casiy ai'ti.-le «.n a s-ippese 1 crime e.-iniiiilied liv a dead men, • nd the m-inorv of ••ne of E:i-jl lil.i's greatest poets is <ie- ,':led for the next ten vears. "r.aor seandab-ns .-Id holy— • oubl U*L vou be hijinv unless all Europe came to tea with Another topic ef importance is that of Imperial interference ia' oil..ma! alV.urs. Fir mv o".n par'. 1 should heartily iike to sec Australia a repaV.ic-int be- <ause I :, :ve any patiivic s0.i!iai. ills, or ye oniug.s after 1: or bnillbug of that descri""!-!'. but simply i i-aa'i=e T ",i >ve that it wouh'.i.e better for me. The •..loavef Vi-teria at th» «r«i.-»>l te-mcrt is a'»-=t the i:**est o'-.'-l.ors:' rl.iee a iv.-'.;i can :i i::i:'gi:i". and uuioss . :ie is eirher a bar 11-a thief one cannot make much • -.onev in it. II a tar.n-eorVs--::.l both tiio-c q«i.iV:fi.-.i- :i-iiis."and eould CAtnbiiv'. •» li'tle j.idici-.us bootlicking, he might. I la 'ieve, nv.fct. f-r liim-'»lf « e-.,i.f.;r'aMi: in- .-orr.e.'ar.d. pevln-rs, in time, a honest independence. If the <:•.>!>«•>• ever W-rwne?. a republic, with Mr. Vale, or ::ouie c-'h-r ronal'.v weil-cdiicated gentlcmanlv perron a® iire>idciit, I fi-ncv that (he chances of success for i'aji-.-cunious people like myself may be increased. I should, , 'ie-rcfore, !-e glad to see i ,H:ion of and Ilia many here who think ttith mil, and will be prepi.r.d to take every advaatangcof "log-rolling" and " r'o- Iier renresentations " to arrive at tho desirable result of hard cash. " Hard cash" reminds me of the Pavmot of Members liill. which spems in a fair way to bee.o.iie 1.,t. Legisiatui-c is a trade as well as the retailing of pigs' trotters ar.d the willing of articles, and a nm has a« much right m b • p iid for the one as for the other. At the present " members g'.in a large but somewhat bv the retaiiiiig of their political into their friends, and it is desirable that, thev shell'.! be placed on a more secure footing. A place in Parliament may be now worth from 300.' to' 00/ a year, according to the ability and voracity of ll'.o holder. To py medium, and fix a certain income|for of Legislature, seerus most desirable, li is unfair that one man should make more than another for as all men are «qual, or are presumed to be so, I cannot see why the lion, member for Chittagong should realise 10/ a week, while the equally lion, member for liudge.ree makes but U. Jfoi eover, it has always been a complaint, in this eolonv tli.it poverty does not assist coiiius. and that genius being always poor is.hampered and restrained. I therefore look forward with "delight to that time when frenius shall be given a salary and a seat in Parliament. For as a friend of mine, who keeps a -"If a i will spend I 500/for the in ere honour of being an M.L.A., what will he not give for the honour and 000/ a vear ? " Thus, trade will be benefited and the price of ljrandv increased, while the power given to the Ministry of the day will be enormous. A threat of a res:»nation will brin- all the honourable members to their "bearin-.'s. for no man of common sense would lose (!0f>/ a-.vear"for a sentiment. Things arc looking up, evidently. What about the •• 'medical scandal " ? I am inclined to sympathise with the Hospital committee. Dr. Barker must be to them a veritable thorn in the flesh. 110 is like a sprite in a pantomime, no sooner do they get rid of him in one place than lie springs up in another. He is (he very Proteus of medicos. The Puck of legally-qualified medical practitioners. Now lie is splintering a working man's leg, nnd experimenting on his patient's limbs with iron rings ; now he appears as an advocate of the moral tendencies of oheccno waxmodels; now we have him tis receiving a purse of sovereigns presented bv admiring friends; and now he is again before the public, and tho committee defending himself against an accusation of impropriety with female patient.. The hospital is touj:urs " ' Barker, ~ ' and id nothing but Barker. Tlienic better look to it, for the matter is The doctors will soon be in as bad repute as till' clergy if thev do not take core. Mr. Nayler is at it again, I see. Ho is death on spirits, is Mr. Tvavlcr. The spirit move, him to do wonderful things—to write to the paper and abuse Mr. Turner, for one thing, and to start a comic, publication under the title of the Gio'cworm for another. We have had so many comic, publications lately, that the public are getting a little tired of them; and I aai afraid that the G'owrnorm won't be a suoerss. It is reported that Mr. I\\\vler has en-aged Sliakspeare, Joe Miiler, and the Count de Gramtno::!, Io write for him, and that tho cartoons arc to be supplied by Ti-.ITa'llo. Tils spirit humbug seems to have taken fair root in this citv, and to be spreading out into a great tree, ill the brandies of which all tho geese in the air shall find habitation. It is surprising that the miserable farce of " Spiritism " has not yet l.een played out. The mingled blasphemy and folly which its p'rofessors talk is something terrible to contemplate. First we had the Cork-lane Ghost, then the Parsori'3 swindle; and then the daughters of Mrs. Fox, of TTvdesvill", New York,-started tho "rapping" • ' ' The principal thing they did was to point out place of a murdered pedlar, who wasn't dead, lio appeared in the town three weeks afterwards. Then came Mansfield, ihe " Spirit Postmaster," who read letters in scaled envelones, and was detected in opening one of them. Then we had " spirit photographs," and Mr. William Cornell Jewelt, commonly called " Colorado Jevott." and the victim. Then camc the Banner of Light, spiritualistic • journal, published in Boston, wliieh contained a column devoted to " mess ages " from dead people, and Ihen the Davenport Brothers, who were born in BalT.K and brought out under the n-.anagetr.r.it of poor John F. Coirs. These ecn'hwn were tied bv mortals, an i unite! bv spirits, but e:i>-j in the dcrk or in their "cabinet," mail:- expressly for the puvttase. As swindlers, thev were highly Successful, onlv John F. Odes found' out thnt their "spirit hand? " were stuffed glows, and tint Mr. Addison, a London sto.keroki-r, eauaht them in the act of ringing "si.irit bells" and moving tambourines and chairs. Then, or thereabouts, came Home, who is the cleverest charlatan of litem ail. It seems to me that Mr. N'i; ler has a simple course open Io him. Tl'.n spirits - say th; Spiritists—cr.11 read s-ah-d letters. Ivw. according to recent advertisement, the protiriotors of Humbug (does not the nann touch you Mr. I* ay lor r) lia.ve olfored £50 to any person win shall read a sentence ni-.v deposi'cd 111 the Union H.mi; in a scaled envelope, without breaking the seal. Let him read, and give the lie to his enemies. For mv part, mv notion willi reference to Spiritism and it's p'rofrssois is Ihe ssmo as that of Horace Greeley, who said. "Ifa a man will i)« a consummate jackr.ss and foo' I a in not aware of anything in the Constitution to it." a. 