THE STOLEN HEAD A DRAMA.--[FOUNDED ON FACTS] Scene. -The Shades of Tartarus, the River Lethe within view; lights of divers colors flashing dismal groans and shrieks heard from a distance; obscene birds and spirits flying about ] Enter the ghostly skeleton of a black man, the skull of a white man on his shoulders, and without hands or feet. Ghost.-I have slept long. What place is this? What time Hah rolled away since my pure blood Was lulled to slumber in it purple viens, Since the cock crew, startling me from dreams Of home and youth, which ne'er again, alas! Shall rouse the busy fancies of my brain, Or wake the lustrous sparkle in mine eye ? What time, I say, hath passed since on the breast Of briny waves upborne I happy sailed, Under bri ght suns and tranquil moons, And beams of gold and silver, were it day or night, With shipmates kind and merry, chasing the angry whale. - How many days have passed? O far a draught Of that bright stream which far away I see And yet a power that is a master here Tells me to drink not till the appointed hour; Then, happy time, I shall forget myself, And the cold grave of dark oblivion Shall swallow all my woes, my griefs, my cares, My hopes and fears, my sins, my pleasant memories. And yet I would not lose all thought of thee, My mother, to whose breast I fondling clung, And round whose knees with thoughtless mirth, I played With sable sons and daughters like myself. Nor would I, O fair isle! where grew the race From which I sprung-of which I am the last- Y'elep'd Tasmania by my father's foes, Late the remembrance of thy sunny hills, Or in perpetual slumber bathe thy vales, Where once my footsteps wandered. Ah! happy land! Art thou as happy now to those whose strength Enabled them to seize thee from my sires, As once thou were to me and hapless mine? Art thou so changed that if my ancestors Of most remote degree were to arise From long-forgotten graves, they would not know Thy beauteous face again ? Still, still thy hills And mountains are the same; thy rivers glide With equal splendor to the glittering sea; Thy glens still echo back the melody That oft my fathers heard; thy forests wave With melanenoly grandeur in the storm; And all the orange flowers which once I saw Are seen by children of another clime, And praised by children of a favored race. O my lost country! shall I never more Hear the loud thunder on thy craggy heights Or see the startling lightning with red flash Piercing the gloom around the murky lake, Or splitting rocks upon the trembling shore? Shall I ne'er see the roaring fire, or hear The crashing tree, or know the sun or moon again? Where are the stars on which in solemn wonder I oft have gazed delighted? Are all mankind to see this woeful place, To waste long years in this Cimmerian gloom? O I am mad! Why am I thus? My feet And hands cut off! - my head stolen from my shoulders- Another heald with which I was not born Put in its place! Ye butchers! night owls! Scalping, treacherous rogues! why did ye use me thus? How long, how long - vengeance, mad vengeance Inflames my sickened heart, and that is gone. The Ghost weeps, throws up his stumps in despair, and retires up the stage. lnfernal lightsning and thunder,groans and yells, demoniac music: enter a troop of demons who join hands and dance in a circle.] Chorus of Demons. Welcome lightning, welcome thunder, Welcome clouds with ocean's plunder, Hearts with angnish rent asunder, Merrily sing my roundelay. Heads from bodies severed neatly, Bones from muscles cut so sweetly, Bowels torn from trunks completely, To my jocund roundelay. Policemen; watch! the night approaches, Guard this grave e'en from cockroaches, See no donkey- carts nor coaches Come to mar our roundelay. Watchmen, avaunt! our brothers labor, Go sleep as soundly as your neighbour, Let no unhallow'd fife or tabor Untimely swell our roundelay. Now to the noiseless, slow wheelbarrow Consign the prize, both fat and marrow, With pelvis broad and lumbars narrow, To my merry roundelay. Surgeons blush, if ye are able, Students burn the bloody table, For never more shall subject sable Grace your midnight roundelay. [Shrieks and hisses, fireworks-the demons vanish.] Enter the ghost of a medical gentleman wearing a tall black hat after him a student bearing a basin of water and bloody cloths 1st Ghost - What noise was that ? 2nd Ghost.- A noise father, like the scraping of a hundred cracked fiddles. 1st Ghost. - Where was it ? 2nd Ghost - Somewhere here abouts, but I see no one. 1st Ghost. - Speak louder, but be wary; see that no enemy is near. This hat which I am con demned to wear presses heavily on my ears, and my conches are choked with clammy stuff, which makes your ordinary talking seem to me like so much solemn silence. Son, have we lost our way, or is that the river whose delightful water, if you taste, will cause you to forget your troubles and bury your sorrows in oblivion for ever? 2nd Ghost - I believe that is the river, father. 1st Ghost,- Then I'll drink of it. I would fain forget Some of my deeds done on the flowery earth. And yet I glory in them. What though to common minds They might seem barbarous, am I, a son of science, To bend or cringe before a common mind ? Was it not in the service of my mother Science I toiled andlashored till my soul was weary, And burned with vital flame my midnight lamp, And sought to make you, boy, what I was myself? Yes, it is ever thus-Ingratitude! thou base and scaly monster, Which hies them on to clamor at my heels, A scurvy crew. I tell you, boy, our names will live When theirs shall rot and perish. Come, let us go. I'll drink the water. A Voice - Beware! 1st Ghost - Did you speak ? 2nd Ghost.- No, father. A spirit haunts this place. Let us leave it. . 1st Ghost. - No, my son, fears are for common minds, Let us, the sons of Science, do and dare, Yet we must beware, we must not taste Those waters yet. A few more hopeful years, Or months, or days - I know not how They measure time in this benighted place - May pass before we quaff dark Lethe's stream; Till then we'll wander and beguile the time With pleasant converse and refreshing thoughts Of future bliss and glory. But, Oh! my head, my head Is weighed down to the dust by this awful hat, The standing witness of my condemnation. 2nd. Ghost.--Let me remove it, father. 1st Ghost.- Blockhead, touch it not! Dost thou not know, We must fulfil our destiny ? Was it not In the interests of Science ? Must we not sacrfice Our thought and feelings, our loves, our dearest wishes, Our fondest hopes for darling Mother Science ? 'Twas love for Science spurred me when I raised The sable skin from off King Billy's skull, And put a white man's skull in that skull's place. A bright and happy thought : was it not bravely done ? 2nd Ghost.--It was bravely done, father; but hush, I hear a noise! Renter the skeleton, ghost of Billy Lannè in a listen ing attitude, and invisible to the others. Billy L. - He's talking of King Billy's skull; I am King Billy. Softly, I'll hear further. 1st. Ghost.--Who's there? 2nd. Ghost - I heard something but I see no- thing. 1st. Ghost - It is our friend the Spirit, he'll not mind us, We may gabble till the termination of creation, And we'd not have a rabble at our heels, Such at we had on that vile world where we lost all for Science. And yet that crime have I committed? Did I touch, Even with a hair; his medullary oblongalar, While yet he lived ? 2nd. Ghost.--No, dear father,-excite not yourself thus, 1st Ghost,-Therefore I killed him not; and yet they hounded me As if I did. He killed himself, poor slave, Besotted, smoky, beery, aggravate. Tossing and tumbling in his unctions swiper, No worse than those of whiter skin who die By thousand, votaries of the jolly God, Whose doors are open to entrap the weak, And draw the life-blood from the hale and strong, But have you done your duty? 2nd Ghost. - I have washed these cloths, father, a thousand times and more. And they are as fool as ever. 1st Ghost. - Wash them again. [Student washes.] Say, was I bound, my son, To criminate myself? 2nd Ghost. - No, father. 1st Ghost. - And did they call my legitimate de fence A string of shameful falsehoods? 2nd Ghost. -If they did not call them so, they thought them such. 1st Ghost.--The fools, the gulls, the dupes; with what facility I humbegg'd them I and how rejoiced I's be To humbug them again-all in the interests of science, I tell you, son, those cloths must be made white. 2nd Ghost..-Then into the river with them. A Voice. - Beware! 2nd Ghost. - There's that confounded ass again With his d---d Beware! -- Bt hist, father, A strange cove is coming Enter the ghost of another medical gentleman, with a long coat, a scalpel in his hand, the ends of black fingers and toes sticking out of his pockets. 3rd Ghost. - This is the place, And this the time; and my directions Seem to be explict - What ho! - what pair Of strange uncouth figures do I see here? 1st Ghost. - By all that's horrible, it is my enemy Dost thou come to dare and cross me yet again,? By heaven I will annihilate thee with a breath! Hast thou found it yet?He who hides can find. Didst thou seek to thwart The labors of my mighty mind, and spoil My glorious work for Science? Art thos, foul fiend, Armed with power to tear me from my place, The pedestal of honor, which I mounted In the rash hope there lived no other man Able to bear the giddy eminence? Dost thou put on a threatening look and frown, As if the towering turrets of my soul Could tremble to their base before thy scorn? Malignant tongue, dost thou still say I stole King Billy's skull? If so, may fires Of unimagined power wither thee up, And dissipate each fragment of thy body, Like molten glass; before the gushing flame. O fiend incarnate - Enter the ghost of a white man in a shroud and with out a head. O powers infernal,who is this? 4th Ghost - Doctor, where's my head? 1st Ghost. - O man deceived, How should I know? Come one and all, Ye persecutors miserable. If ye can find King Billy's hands and feet on me, tear me to bits, Wash out my stains in seas of uknown depths, Purge me with all the drastics that ye wot of. If I have got your head, my friend, I'll live In torturing deserts till the brazen trump Of dread eternity shall sound my doom, And fiery sand shall clog my eyeballs up. Son, have I this man's head ? 2nd Ghost. No, father; - but who are these? O Lord o'mercy ! Let us fly? Enter two resurrection men with a wheelbarrow con taining a sack, which they open, and a portion of the contents fall out. 1st RES. MAN to an 3rd Ghost.-Doctor,we did your bidding, and here's the body. 2nc RES MAN (sighing). - Another pot o' beer. 3rd Ghost. - Aye, here's the body; ye did my bidding Only too well. Who is't that says "The gods are just, and of our pleasant vices " Make whips to scourge us ?" Let me think, My brain is muddled - one Shakespeare, was it not ? He spoke the truth. And yet I worked, Not for myself alone, but to preserve A valued relic for my chosen country. Am I then vilcious? If it is vice to slash The flesh from dead men's bones, then am I vicious, But it seems the vice Does not consist in slashing white men's flesh, As many as I need are in my power; But if I dare to touch a black man's skin, The son of an extinct barbarian race, Then am I doubly vicious. Foul seems most fair In some men's eyes, and the converse, - and such to me Appears the absurdity of modern thoughts, That if I twenty children hung dangling in a row, Slight notice would be ta'en; but if a child Of ebon hue were soon to dangle there Amongst the poor suspended atomites, Then would, indeed, the storm of vengeance blow, And to some friendly post myself would hang. 1st Ghost slyly approaches 3rd Ghost and pulls the black hands and feet out of his pocket. 1st Ghost (in a voice of thunder) - what are these? 3rd Ghost -Villain avaunt! (He knocks 1 st Ghost's hat off from which rolls the skull of a blach man; the ghost of Billy Lannè rushes forward and picks it up; the white man's head falls off andt is immediately seized by the headless ghost. The medical gentlemen start back in terror, and grapple each other.) The rumblings of an earthquake are heard. Croco diles and fiery serpents pass over. Enter with drums and fifes in a shower of squibs and crackers, HIS SATANIC MAJESTY, attended by demons, guards of dishonor, various medical gentlemen, a Colonial Secretary, a Treasurer, and an Attorney General &c.;, &c.; His SAT. MAJESTY.-Hold there! arrest those madmen! Who gave you leave to squabble thus, Almost within our presence ? We know you And all your histories. Ye may deceive each other But us ye cannot deceive. Happy for you Our temper is most merciful to-day, or it had fared But badly with you all. Ye seek oblivion Of all unseemly doeeds and shocking sights, Of racking thoughts and deadly enmities, Of overything in short that gives you pain Of mind or body - such, bodies as ye have. This is the day on which a respite mild, Eases our torments in perpetual fire; Closing the mouths of fiery, stinging snakes ; Plucking the venom from the scorpion's tail, Blunting the talons of the eagles chained On burning sulphurous lakes, and with a power Almighty, irresitible, shutting the eyes Of deadly basilisks, and men implacable. Therefore by virtue of the powers that lie Within us do we grant the boon! but mark A mightier prince than I commands me thus. If there is one among you who doth not, With true and good repentance of all deeds Done in the flesh which would not bear the light Of the Creator's golden day, and gain Of those who sit enthroned on summer clouds, The happy approbotion, let him but drink One single drop of yonder sleeping river, And in perpetual tortures here with us He dwells unpitied. ALL. -We repent. His SAT. MAJESTY. - Mark further yet. If ye drink that water, without wish or thought, Ye shall forget all that hath ever happ'd. Evil and good alike shall be entombed ; Pleasure and pain shall from the inmost caves Of your industrious brains go forth for ever. Have aught a wish that some bright scene in life A hidden memory of days gone by - A rich entablature of virtuous love, A ray of painless, unforgotten light - That ye would leave unscathed ? ALL. - We have, we have. HIS SATANIC MAJESTY, - Retain them, then. Haste to the river, haste, Which, O, unhappy me! I dare not taste. (Exeunt HIS SAT. MAJESTY and train. The skeleton of Billy Lannè becomes clothed with his flesh, and his hands and his feet adhere. The medical gentlemen, Secretary , &c.;, rush to the river, and drink. Then return, all join hands, dance in a circle, and salute the audience.) The curtain falls. LnvnRED liCrPUILICAN.--The postmen of New York hove got into uniform' at last, and o very good uniform it seems to be. That publio opinion has undergone some change Sdunring tho last few years is plainly shoiwn by the matter of course acquniescene in seach things nos uniforming policemen nid postmen, I ard in permitting even servants in livery to pil S through the streets without being Smobbed. Twenty yeare ago this would bhave been impossible. What will twenty more+ years bring P-Noie Yor 1?olund eZablo. 