DIOCESE OF BATHURST. ( From our own Correspondent) This good city of ours witnessed for the first time since its foundation, some six and fifty years ago, the solemn ceremony of the profession of nuns. Five ladies, who had commenced their noviciate in the parent house at Charleville, near Cork, were professed on Thursday morning last in the Cathedral, which, it is almost need less to Bay, was thronged in every part by anx ious spectators, of all creeds and classes. The ? ?*? it 15 ? ,5 # ? J ? £ ? morning was unusually cold and frosty even for a Bathurst winter morning, and yet the frost and cold seemed to have no appreciable effect in damping the devotion or abating the curiosity of the hundreds who converged from an early tour towards the Cathedral as the great centre of attraction. From each of the cardinal and all the intervening points the eager crowds kept thronging, and, as a matter of course, the Ca thedral was full to overcrowding by the time the ceremony commenced. Of the desire of persons to witness the profession, suffice it to say that I observed several Protestant ladies present who drove in carriages on that sharp frosty morning distances varying from eight to twelve miles to be spectators of the scene. At 9 o'clock the Sisters' entered the Cathedral processionally from the Convent and took their respective stations. His Lordship .and clergy preceded by the acolytes, thurifers, &c;, shortly afterwards moved from the sacristy, and having ascended the principal altar he consecrated the rings and veils, the emblems with which in an after part of the ceremony the novices were to be endowed in representation of the new and mystic ties they had contracted with God. After the blessing of the veils and rings the Rev. Father Davern ascended the pulpit and preached from Matthew xix c. xxix v., ' Every one that hath left house, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands for my name's sake ; shall receive an hun dred-fold, and shall possess life everlasting.' The eloquent and gifted preacher began by saying that it was the assurance contained in these words of our Divine Lord that induced — 1st, the primitive Christians to hand into a com mon fund their worldly possessions ; 2nd, the Apostles to leave all things and follow Christ ; 3rd, the Martyrs to withstand all manner of cruelties ; 4th, the Confessors to continue faith ful to this trust ; 5th, in times past peopled de serts with hermits ; 6th, in modern times have filled monasteries with holy souls, men and wo men, who, by uniting the active with the con templative life, are a benefit to society and an ornament to the church ; 7th, this, in fine, is the assurance which inspired these fervent fa voured souls (the novices) to renounce all and consecrate themselves to God. He next showed the happy effects of good example, early train ing, education based on religion, of the salutary discipline of convent life, &c;, &c;, exemplified in them (the novices), and how it was these things inspired them with the unalterable reso lution, which by the aid of divine grace, prompted them to make such great sacrifices ; and even to complete these sacrifices by bidding adieu for ever to their native land. The Rev. preacher next proceeded to prove that the religious state, though not necessary in order to attain the end of our creation, or though not commanded, is of counsel — proved 1st, from the answer given by Christ to the young man in the gospel ; 2nd, from His approval of Mary's conduct rather than that of Martha on the occasion of His visit ; 3rd, from the fact that there is no legitimate station which has not furnished Heaven with saints. He then went on to explain how the salvation of our souls was the principal end of our creation, redemption and sanctification, ad duced several passages of scripture to show that no matter what may be our age, our sex, or our condition in life — no matter whether we live in the world or abandon it, we must observe the commandments and conform our lives to the maxims of the gospel in order to attain this end. He next pointed out the superior excellency and signal advantages of the Monastic state over the worldly state — 1st, on account of the facility it affords to observe those precepts which must be observed in every state ; 2nd, because there are less obstacles in the way of virtue. He next illustrated these truths, viz., that the religious state has more copious graces to assist, and less difficulties to prevent, those who embrace it in working out their salvation, by contrasting the Monastic life with a life in the world. How the former, owing to the retirement and tranquility of the place, the regular distribution of time and employments, their constant watchiugs and prayers, their fasts, abstinences and austerities of every kind, are constantly preparing their souls for those heavenly graces which God never fails to shower down on those who love and serve him. And how Monastic life is almost entirely free from the many dangers, perplexities, trials, and tribulations to which those who live in the world are exposed — which difficulties are removed principally by the three vows of reli gion, viz., voluntary poverty, perpetual chastity, and obedience, by the first of which they wil lingly resign all earthly possessions — by the 2nd they offer to God their bodies— and by the 3rd their liberty and their will. The eloquent preacher concluded by exborting the novices about to be professed to give thanks to God, and make Him a suitable return for the great favours be had bestowed on them in calling them from a wicked world into the sanctuary of innocence — the return most suitable to God they were now about to make, viz., offering to God all that they have and all that they are by their three vows. At the conclusion of a most eloquent and im pressive sermon of which I have barely given a synopsis his Lordship put the usual interroga tions to the novices, at the conclusion of which the solemn High Mass of the Holy Ghost was commenced and at its conclusion each novice read aloud and subsequently signed the profes sion. As some of your readers may be anxious to know the contents of the act of profession, I here subjoin it : ' In the name of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ and under the protection of His Immacu late Mother, Mary ever Virgin, I, (N. N.), called in religion Sister Mary (N. ) do vow, and promise to God, poverty, chastity, and obedience, and the service of the poor, sick, and ignorant, and to persevere until death in this Institute of Our Lady of Mercy according to its approved rule and constitutions, and under the authority, and in presence of you, my Lord, and Right Rev. Father in God (N.) Bishop of this diocese, and of our Rev. Mother (N.) called in religion Mother Superior of this Convent of Mercy (N.) this (N.) day of (N. ) in the year of Our Lord (N).' His Lordship next placed the black veil on the head of each of the newly professed, saying — ' Receive the holy veil, the emblem of chastity and modesty, which mayst thou carry before the judgment seat of Our Lord Jesus Christ, that thou mayest have life eternal, and mayest live for ever and ever. Amen.' Then taking the ring in his right hand he put it on the third finger of the left hand of each, saying :— ' May the Lord Jesus Christ Son of the living God, who has now espoused thee protect thee from all danger. Receive this the ring of faith, the Seal of the Holy Ghost, that thou mayest be called the spouse of Christ; and if thou art faithful be crowned with Him for ever. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' After this the newly professed prostrated themselves, upon which the Te Deum Laudamxi was sung together with the other necessary psalms, after which the sisters retired processionally, in the same order as they entered. A magnificent dejeuner was prepared for over 200 invited guests, at which his Lordship pre sided. About a dozen ecclesiastics were also present. Nothing could surpass the magnifi cence of the large hall. The tables groaned, with all the rich things that could be possibly imagined. The good sisters were indefatigable in attending to the wants of their guests, and by their cheerfulness and urbanity elicited from all the non-Catholics present the remark ' that a Convent after all, was not the abode of gloom, or the house of bondage, that they had imagined.' After the dejeuner was ended, the guests proceeded to the schoolroom of the boarders, where a couple of hours were most pleasurably spent in singing and soft chit-chat, so captivating to the female heart. About two o'clock all retired, taking with them pleasurable associations of the Convent, which are likely to remain for ever. 