" EXCELSIOR.' TUESDAY, JULY 6, 1869. THE hen. member for South Gippsland, like a certain other great actor, appears to think that a smart newspaper contro versy may prove" a good advertisement," otherwiso it is not easy to understand why he should rush heedlessly into print upon no other provocation than that con tained in a recent articlo published in this journal, in which we expressed. the opinion that ho had "joined the ranks of the Opposition." The information 'upon which our conclusion was formed though contained in a brief telegram, taken in onnerion with other litil drcnm stances relating to the lo. gentleman's? io duct at the commencement of ar5liatentary career, wa sae.ciently reliab to jautify us in assuming the fact. That we were correct in having done so, the published resorts of he debate on the second radir of the Land Bill amplyprored. It iseidetly quite impossible to please Dr,3MCArs.r, and therefore, like Mrs. DS ; junior, owe gladly content ourselves with a reaso able ecuse ftar refusing to make the effort. We will endeavour to show how ever, that the " curious geeralship," and the inconsistency of which, he cmplsins, apply to his- own eoduct, sad that the comments in this journal have neither misrepresented the course of action hbe hbas thought proper to adopt, nor hare they ex?eeded the bounds of ho"es criticism. There is at the outset a di$icuhy in dealing intelligibly with such a peculiar lass. saxtsr as Dr. M~azarsr. Haiing discovered that his poti - as clergyman of the Church of Egland in charge of an unpretending church and lock in an obscure inland town in the " wilds of Gippsland," was simply one of quiet seclusion, and that, in his own language, when delivering his pathetic farewell utterances at Rosoedile, " the Church presented too narrow a " ield for the profitable development of " his talents and ability," he determines to hide his lizht under a bashel no longer; so surplice and gown were laid aside, and the more fitting garb of a Loyal Liberal politician assumed in their place. Then, modestly blushing under the newly ao pjired dignity conferred by the degree of S r.tt-Le+. 'Voeren. incum .tu ot o sft' sarl'-eeiictidraphx .1 from the valley of roses-now ticketed as the Ministerial candidate, enters the more warlike arena of politics, prepared to do battle in sutportoi a liberal Govern ment. A selbourne contemporary (the ac credited Ministerial journal) announced Dr. MAcurdxxv as a recognised friend and supporter of the Government, and it cannot be pretended that he would hare had even the ghost of a chance of obtain ing a seat in the legislature had he not appeared as a promising prtcge of the people's Min;stry. If there had even been a doubt on the point, his return would have been hotly contested, and the attempt was only abandoned- when it was found that the M'Cctose Ministry was still the trump card, and that it was held by the reverend candidate solus. The constitutional party contented themselves with the reflection that under the circum stances, this negative action was the wisest course to pursue, feeling sure that the most active opposition would have been simply worse than useless, as tending to expose the weakness of their cause in the lower district. - We •have not the slightest wish to mis-represent or in any way to deal unfairly with the chosen of South Gippsland, and in now comparing thtt gentleman's professions with his practice, however much to his dis advantage, we are simply asserting the consistency of this journal, and discussing the" strategy" and the " policy" that he has assailed, and which he appears to think requires to be justified or at least de fended. We proceed :-Dr. MacArstyr, having entered the house under the wing of the Government-of course without a thought of a possible seat in the Cabinet in futuro-keeps close to Mr M'CULLocHr, echoing his sentiments and voting with him with due consistency until--never mind the date, we shall be better under stood by recording the event itself rather than becoming tediously minute in men tioning the time-until the little affair of the vacant seat in the political firm occasioned by the resignation of the Ifon. Mr VALE, Commissioner of Customs. It will be in the recollection of our readers that on the occasion alluded to, Mr MacicY, in his place in the Assembly, made some complimentary reference to the valuable services rendered by Mr VALE, and expressed a hope that his re signation would not be accepted. Ilo had ceased to be a member of the House, but with the full though silent assent of Par liament, he still retained the portfolio of Commissioner of Customs. On the authority of the Ministerial journal, it was stated that Dr. MACAnTNEY "had the inconceivable vanity" to suppose that if a vacancy could be established he must of necessity be asked to fill it, and in another place the same paper accuses the hen. gentleman of being the first to conceive the idea of " deliberately hu miliating" Mr VALE by bringing " pres sure" upon him to resign his office, re marking that although the "idea" was not actually carried out, and it had not " assumed any recognisable shape," it' was " equally and sharsefully true" that such an " outrage" upon Parliamentary propriety was contemplated by "a few individuals." Who these were is not stated, but as if identifying Dr. MACITN'rE with the principatconnection writh the "plot" the story proceeds thus: " This precious plot seems to have origi nated in the generous bosom of a juvenile legislator, who probably aimed at grati fying by one coup his vengeanco for some fancied slight and his ambition for a dis tinction worthy of his very versatilo powers. Fancy a gushing, now fledged, budding M.P. of a few weeks, intriguing to inflict ai undeserved slight upon one who has been a Cabinet Minister for years-who had been returned no less than eight times by one of tho most important constituencies in the colony. Indecent! To be sure it was; and mayhap it will be noted even in the wilds of Gippsland, so that, should another political accident occur there, it may not result quite so disastrously. As nothing of the kind can be more laudable than the honest ambition to succeed in publio affairs through the sheer force of character and intellect, surely nothing is more despicable than the attempt to clutch at sordid advantages by the in. sidious disparagement of another." It was this incident that called forth o?r remark about hiis ' indiscreet hasto" the haste to obtain a sent in the Cabinet, ahichl we believed had so disgusted IMr M'CuLLoct and his supporters that the coveted prize was now placed beyond the reach of his rash and imprudent follower. Thus far we have probably made two things clear to Dr. Mac.iRTeYs Y's appre hension-that the belief in his great desire to obtain a seat in the Cabinet under Mr. M*'C'rULoci wvas no new thing, neither was it confined to ourselves; and that, we did not censure him for opposing the second reading of the " insidious land bill" because he would ithereb,c lose the prize. In passing we may add, that if there yet remains the smallest doubt on the first point, a reference to the minis terial journals of the last week in May, will make it oven clearer still. Weo now come to the assertion about tho hon. member for South Gippsland having joined the ranks of the Opposition, and after stigmatising the mere expression of the opinion as "a terrible departure frort the truth" (though he admits that what he is pleased to call the ' mistako" was quite unintentional), he proceeds to say that "the ground on which the coapli "meat reats, is too awfully absird" So it may be, bat that does not alter the appearance ofthefat itself. On turning to the division list as published in the Arg'sr, we ind Dr. 3M.acsars 's name among the minority offifteen who voted against the Government on the second sding. In tht nunmber are found the following names :-Asrzsu., Demr, Evmann, Pnztws, Lasoros, Loaro xwox, Mcarssr and others. " What "on earth we mean by the O ition " in connection with the Land B need not be further erplined. The prominent leader of the Opposition alluded to is Cirups M3Lcxaos, who although, on the occasion mentioned, voting for the second readin. made it clear that his reaans for daog so were to facilitate legislation, and to promote the settlement of theland nestion. The hon member for South Glppsland now appears as an independent beral, and wedo not hesi tate to say we like him better in this character, than any in which we have yet seen him. Only let him maintain the dignified and honourable position so well befitting a man of his undoubted talents and ready ability, let him speak, act and rote in keeping with that pro fession, and we will gladly forget that he ever appeared to be any thing less. We have formed our opinions of Dr. MicAEnrar simply from his public conduct, which we certainly thought at times only too g!aringly inconsistent. If that conduct has misrepresented his real opinions and political principles, we shall be not the less glad to know it now, be cause we had failed to discover the fact t elier?,With'he independence of tky.: ht of a man of cultivated mind and dis. ciplined judgment, Dr. Mcar-rcs is jealous ofbeing mistaken for a slave to any political party,and he somewhat emphatic ally announces his intention of refusing to bend his neck to the yoke of a mere hanger on of the party in power, and thus becoming a voting puppet. We can cordially add we are right glad to hear it; and, giving him the fullest credit for having represented himself fairly, and for the honesty and sincerity o.f his motives, we shall look forward with every confidence to his yet achieving a position alike honourable to himself and more ex tensively useful to his constituents A Mfelbourno correspondent says : - " Some of your residents recently visited our office and inspected the model of a cheap railway, which one Mr Dyer is bringing before the notice of the Melbourne public. By its means the promoter asserts that he could lay down a practicable railway between Melbourne and Sale at the rate of one mile per day, and at the cost of £1000 per mile. Some of your visitors appeared to entertain the design with favour, and we shall be glad to hear of any movement being made to forward such a scheme in your district. As will be seen by our advertising column the entertainment in aid of the Mechanics' Institute Piano Fund will take place to night, the musical portion of the pro gramme being under the management of Mr Legge, who will preside at the piano, as saisted by Mr Thew ; so that the singers will not labor under the serious disadvantage which they suffered from on the last occa sion, of having to sing without accompani. ment. VWe trust that the entertainment may be as successful as it deserves. At a meeting of committee of the M echanics' Institute last night, a series of plans and a detailed report, proposed by Mr. Thos. Gnthridge, of the proposed building or the museum and other buildings in:n templation, weretaid before the committee, who expressed their satisfaction at the pains taken by Mr. Guthridge to afford them the required information, by passing a vote of thanks for his kindness. Pending the result of efforts now being made by His Honor Judge Bindon, in Melbourne, and the local collectors, to obtain the needful funds, no action was taken, but the committee hope b-eore long to be able to go to work in earnest with these much needed additions, and thereby extend the sphere of usefulness of the instltate. A gymnuasium would be a great acquisition to Salo--- innocent source of amusement and prove highly conducive to health and strength. Young gentlemen who aro com pelled to follow sedentary occupations would derive great benclit from a little healthful exerolse. Those students, too, who patronise the Mechanics' Institute should welcome a suggestion which if carried out would tend to assist them in their endeavours at In tellectual improvement ; for it has been long estlablishled as a fact that the vigour of the mind depends on the health and vigour of the body. This physical state of perfection can only be attained by judicious and system atie training. The cost of the material requisite for the Inlitiation of anch an in stitution would not be much. Messra. Robertson, Wagner, and Co. have determtined to lighten the darkness of pas sengers travellingl n their coaches between Sale and Melbourne, and have provided each conveyance with a fine reflector lamp. This improvement will be hailed as a great bless ing, especially by lady passengers. We know that lad?ca often suffer from the too near approach of persons who mako the smallness of the coach a pretext for their amorousness. Even gentlemen forget thcm selves, sometimes, when an a long journey, after partaking too freely of ginger beer and like beverages. On such occasions Satan finds same mischief for idle feet to do, a!ul if a lady's feet are in the way, why-*' I beg your pardon, madam I" A good lamp will tend to prevent these " unavoidable acci dents." The RegIstrar's register records air deaths for the past month in Salo:--1 diarrlcea, 1 pulmonary, 1 epidemlo catarrh, 1 atrophy of liver, 1 discse of the heart, and 1 phthisis. There are nine births recorded for the same period. The Sale Borough Council advertise for tecnders for various publlic works. Thursday is the last day for recciving letnch tcr.do?s. A gencral meeting of the shareholders of the Long Tunnel Gold Mining Company will be held on Wednesday at the offlice of tihe company at Stringer's Creck. The first, and a vpeci.l general mctingl of the shareholders of the North W\alhalla Gold Mining Company will be held oe Thursdmlay. The first half yearly general meeting of the sharoholdors of the Now Joelf Davis Quartz Miuning Company will be held at the bffico of the company, S1 Collinsa- street East, Melbourno, on Thursday. A meeting of thes?dremls ore SothS Cohen's Quart Mi?in Company, will le held at the Empire Hotel, Walhalla, on Thursday, to approve of deed of masociaton and appoint directore The new Post ofce at B ndale will be opened next week; the contract for the erection of the telegraph is nesrlygcamplete. A Crown lands sale will be held to-day at Mr A. Macarthur's sale room, when a ur am. ber of toan and conty lots will bq offered at anctioa. Mr Dawsam has showu u a very fine sample of new potatoes, grown in Sr Jones's garda, near the HospitaL They are large, sbald sad. white, and give uadeniabshle proof of the richness of the soil about Sale. The usual monthly meertng of the Hospital Cosnmmtte, called for Saturday evening, lapsed, falling a quorum. Present : Mesrs Foster, Patten, BaEshe, and Bitler. The Oneo Poli e Cort will! si: on the Pth and 15th inst. The Waer?a's Court on the same days. Samuel HfeathCoe advertises that he e :ll commence funning a conveyance between Maffr and Ie~ cidd, on Mondays and Fl:days, retultijg to Mafra Ecme days; Thursava and Saturdays, rettrning to MIaaffra cn the evere -gs of the same days. TLh Ta-nana~ Submarine Telgraph Company Las r?. ? ci it3 chrnes by one half. Pre.~ messages are char --l half the usual rates. This is a decided change for the better, and will be a great benefit to the public, and no loss to the company. The 7th of July is thp last day on which the voters' list will be open for inspection at the Shire Office of Balrnsdale The list for the Shire of Avon will be withdrawa from inspection on the same date. It is novs ,.n for perusal at the Coannil Che-n hers, Stratford. It is impo canut that we should rem:ad, all persons who are not enrolled as ratepayers on either the borough or shire lists, that they should renew their elect6rs' rights on or before the 1st day of September next; otherwise they S '; be disfranchised. With respect to Upper House voters it is provided by the new Act that ratepayers enrolled ii respect to property of the yearly valne of £50 need not take out or hold electors' rights. Professional and other qualificatioos exist intact as heretofore. Quite a sensation was caused in town on Saturday (so we were informed) by the rumour that a unicycle had been sent up from Melbourne by the Government for the use of the police. Ono gentleman, whose passion for velocipedes almost amounts to a mania, rushed off to Ithe station and re quested the sergeant of police to show him the new vehicle. The officer in charge did not understand the nature of the application, his brain no doubt being full of official re turns, and police gazette reports. Bat when the young gentleman explained that the word "unicycle" literally meant "one wheel" the officer apprehended at once the source of the inquirer's curiosity, and took the person of Inquiring mind to a back yard, and there showed him-a wheelbarrow ! The flat contradictions that occur in a court of justice often appear eDlbnatical to persons who frequent those places, and some times admit of no other conclusion than that perjury is by no means rare. A case of ti;s sort occurred on Saturday. A classical featured Chinaman coniplainest against a European, and stated, without any exag;ers tion, that he had been called an antiquated unmentionable, by defendant. IF; pL:ol, short story was corroborated by another Chinaman, who was just as ready and an. ceremonions in his style of swe?-ixg on the Bible as the complainant. The charge was met on that plan so highly approved by Mr Weller, the elder-an alibi. Defendant denied the charge Ia glpa1o, -nd his brother positively swore that on or about the date named 0a the complaint he had been so far " ;s brother's keeper " that he was enabled to assert that the offence could not have been committed without his knowledge. So far, the balance of testimony was in favour of complainant, two Chinamen having sworn to a positive, while only one European swore to a negativo. The case was dismir-ed, how ever. Theso difficulties are knotty matters. Whether a Chinaman makes a declaration by swearing on the Bible, cutting off a cock's head, or blowing out one of the patent wax vestas, one is always lcd to think the oath may prove to be like HLrold's on the Relics of the Saints. Their HIonours of the Supreme Court of New South Wales have fined the proprietor of the Sydney Morning Hferald £100 for con tempt of court. The conduct they have adjudged as contempt is this : " On the 8th of May last, a letter from the rpev. Dr. Steel, of Sydney, was published in the Sydney Mornaing tIdrald. To this letter was appended another, which Dr. Steel had received from a Mr Thomas Nelson, jun., residing at Port Resolution, in the islnal of Tanna, one of the New Hebrides group. This letter was on the subject of the conduct of Hovell and Levingcr in taking arway islanders and in the sale and barter of arms and am munition to the Tanna peop le. At the date of publication Hovell and Rangi were in prison awaiting their trial, but of this Dr. Steel was not aware. On the 25th of May- that is, upwards of a fortnight after the publication of the lettero-tho two prisoners were brought to trial, on the following day, tl, 26th, they were found guilty of the capital offenc. On the 31st May-that is, a week after the trial wans concluded-a leading article on the subject was published in the dlornisng IHeale. This artiloe was, like nll the editorial comments of tholleeald, very moderate in its tone, and in no way calculated to injure the position of the offenders, whoso trial and conviction had disposed of the question as far as they wero concerned." But as the sentence the pisoner should ultimately undergo had not yet been deter. mined, their Honoura declared the matter still sob j.alice, and therefore commenting on the case nu act of contempt. Mr Fairfax was fined £100 " s? a warning to newspapers nyt to meddle with matters pendig decision.' Dr. Steele was warned and ordered to pay costs. The proprietor and editor of the S. M. IlHoeald sill have learned by this-hat a genuino desire to do good and suplpress evil are not to ie rewardled as acts of virtue, and that the hberty of the pries in Sydney, at Iceat, is not unassailablo. And Dr. Steelo has hbd a very w?holcsome lesson, whlich should suflice to show lham how vcry pre. I sueuptuous it was on his part todare to raise his voice in exposing one of the most infam. ous iniquities of the present day. A bacher named )Dawson has beet rolling scabby sheep at Geelong. Acc5uaat at the Receipt and Pay Offics: D. fgan, H. Law, J. M'Donld, R.Packett, W. O.Palmer, H. Poalson, J. W. IL Stoney, J. W. Tyrer, J, Wlmnott, E. Waalh, A. Macarthar, P. Reilly, J. &Smllnan;, Avon Shire and Bairadale Shire. On Wednesday evening a lad in the employ of Mr Hayward, bestcber of Main street, on going into an oothosae waa just in time to observe a fellow making off with his masters saddle, the boy called out and the man de. camped leaving the aea'e, the boy gave chase and overhauled the ruilian on the banks of the river when he turne.I and struck the boy, and tried to throw Lita down the hill near the river. Tiue Melbouarne tow c!:?x for the Geaer'l Post Oi. has boa ui c up in the tower. It was made from drwiag-e, arnd under the dirre:na of l..r Eirv, t'he G-rra~ment Astrr.onomer, at th.e Wiilia:asowa railway works!,op, under th?r-e -ý:riteundence of Mr Iiour; on. It is a ipleknid piece of nýecha-sm, and ad11 not vary more than a few seaeds per week. It has been made for much lest than it c??nd have been imported for. The g-reate?s defect is that it cannot be seen at areas~nable distance. The 1lelbou.e corporation are contem. plating .a exe.?3itur of £4')J on an organ for the Town Ball. The D.o!y Teke raph lately gave currency to an unfounled rumNour in reference to the judgeships. The other dailies sneered at ye Due'y TeJmraph. Ye Daily Tever~lph sneered in return, and plumed itself on having outdone its contemporaries on several occa. , ~-.,ately by# anticipatin them iutho matter of news. The dal;... .--.-a,, s so the "little wars" go on. The woes of velocipedista are without end. A few days ago an unfortunate was descend. ina a steepbi;l ii Church-street, Richmond, the vehicle bltled, and when at the bottom of the hill, capsized, and the rider had Lie ollar bone fractured by the fr'!. The Ape draws attention to the injustice perpetuated by the Imperial Goveremest in prohibiting tiastees from investing trust funds ;0 any securities but consols and BritLsh-India bonds, and it asks " What grounds are there why the same privilege, bringing eith it su:h advantages, should not be extended to the public loans and Govern. meat stock of the leading British colonies, such as these of the Canadian dominion and of Australia and -New Zea!aul!" It shows our near relation to the pvrent state and points out the telli; farcthat while the late Victorian loan at 5 per cent. could have been floated twice at 99, the Russian loan, placld on Change at about the same time, was taken up at only 63. It is admitted that the extension of privilege to Indian stock amounts to an Imperial guaranteco of its soundness. So it is. And we suspect that if the Home Government is moved on the matter, as the Age suagests, the answer s 'I be: -" India is virtually govericl and is under the entire cvutrol of Downiong-street, while the rule of the Colonial Oirce over the colonies is merely nominal. The colonies are independent for all practical purposes India is not. And it would be questionable policy for England to concede a privilege to the colories, when by the concess:on she might be ca"ced upon to make good the guarantee." There seems to have been a little sly wit, at our exrpense, on the part of the home authorities in narnirg the new iron-clad for Victoria, the Cerbercs. Cerberas was the dog that guarded the gates of the Infernal tegi5ons. We'O, our '-on-clal Cerberus will guard our gatec-the tleads. The naturel conclusion is that when those gates are passed, the Plutonic regions of Melbourne are being approached. This is a very cruel cut on the part of the home authorities if it was intended. We orly hope that Victoria will prove a perfect Pandemonium to any foe that approaches, and console ourselves with the thought that if we reoulro such mighty pups to guard our naughty place, England can breed and send them to us. The business of the Assembly is moving along as slowly as an old "go cart." The other night the notoriously factious Mr M'Kean, asked Mr Casey an impertinent questior, and the last named honorable gentleman declined to answer. Mr M'Kcan thereupon, by way of revenge, took up the Lunacy Bill, containing 19" clauses, and read each clause seriatlim, makug such comments and interpolations as suggested themselves to his mind. This was merely done becauso Mr Casey would not reply to a question he considered impertinent. The Cbief Secretar-y, the Speaker, and several hen. members remonstrated in vain. The gallery was cleared, and the hon. member, Mr M'Kean, pursued his wanton conduct until it was too late to conclude the business doen on the programme. lIr Aspinall jocosely salid that, according to Parlir-nentary nirule, Mr M'K-eun should not be allowed to vote on a measure in which he had a personal interest. The following is from the HoKart Town Mlercury of the 29th nult. :-" Yesterday afternoon, about half-past two o'clock, the attention of several bystanders about the Stone-buildings was called to a young stripling, dressed hi a blue smock and a felt hat, closely handcuffed, and proceeding up the road in custody of a constable. Sights of this kind are, happily, now very rare In the colony. and, conseqaently,manyinquiries were made as to who the felon could be, and variots suggestions offered as to the nature of the horrible crime hlie might have com mitted, while two or three gentlemen crossed towards Walch's, and the following colloquy took place :--Inquirer.-' Pray, constable, what offence has the lad committed, that he is handcuffed in this mannerh' Constable. ' lieo shot a kangaroo, sir; and I am taking himnt to the Casealde Factory, indcra sentence of two monthls' imprisonmuent.' Inquirer (to the boy.)-' Is that true, mny lad ,What is your name ? Where weore you tried !' ' At Hamilton, sir. I am the son of a farmer, anti my nsame is James Pearce.' ' But were you not fined !' ' No, sir, merely senltenced to two months' ilslprisonmeint with hard labour for shooting a wild kangaroo on Mr Gellibrand's land, at tihe Ouse, and you now see mse hlandenffed like a felon, in broad daylight, and on my way to prison.' " The Age's South Australian telegram announces that 3IMr JIencssy, proprietor of the Iris Iihlcrp, lhas been committed for trial, for IIhavin, published alibel upon liss G(iles, the young lady who wouldn't bo a nut. Mr lliginbotlans has introduced an antndmeit into the Land 'ill in favor of retaining the native names of places as far as possible. Every ono who possesses a splark of sentiment will approve of this proposal, considering the blacks are rapidly driindling down, and in a few yeaors will only be remembered by nflame. 