LOCAL NEWS. COMPLIMENTARY CONCEET TO MB. WILLIAM CRACKNELL.-On Monday evening an amateur concert was given in compliment to Mr. William Cracknell, and in recognition of that gentleman's services in connection with the School of Arts. The attendance was good in all parts of the hall, and the concert was in every respect a very meritorious one. The programme embraced a great variety,pf selections, both vocal and instru- mental. The band of the West Maitland Volunteers, led by Mr. H. Prince, as usual, gave every satisfaction." Mr. Marmaduke Wil- son presided at the pianoforte with all his well known ability, and greatly contributed towards the success of the entertainment. The per- formance of the Bongsi duets, and glees was de- cidedly superior to what is often the case at amateur concerts, and appeared to elicit hearty approval from the audience. THE LEGAL PROFESSION-In the Supreme Court, on Saturday, Mr. C. J. Coveny, of the Middle Temple, Mr. P. Faithfull, M.A., and J. H Garrick, B.A., both of Sydney University, were admitted to the bar. Mr. C. Gillott (from the office of Mr. Robertson, Deniliquin) ; Mr. T. B. Slater (from the office of Mr. Readett, Newcastle); Mr. J. W. Mitchell (from the | office of Mr. Abbott, Armidale) ; and Mr. R. R. Boag (from the office of Mr. Dawson, Sydney), were admitted as attorneys. The conditional admission of Mr. A. S. Byrne as an attorney was made absolute.-S. M. Herald. THE MACQUARIE AND MARTHAGUY-Our correspondent, whose letter is dated 19th Sep- tember, says:-We had twelve hours' steady rain in the Marthaguy yesterday. A heavy storm passed over Wambianna also. Shearing is going ahead on Messrs Christie and Went- worth^ runs. Some of the clip has already been sent to market. The wool is very well got np this year. At Haddon Riggs the plan of washing is very simple and effective ; two hundred gallons of water per minute are raised with a double whip, worked by horse power. Mr. Druce, bush missionary, is now at Haddon Riggs, where he will remain a fortnight, and then start for Bourke.-DubboDispatch, Sept.24, LECTURE ON "GHOSTS."-On Monday evening the Rev. J. Nolan delivered ¿"lecture in the Wesleyan school-room, on the somewhat sensational 6ubjeot of "Ghosts." The atten- | dance was tolerably large j the Rev. G. Hurst occupied the chair.-The meeting having been Opened with praise and prayer, the ohairman introduced the lecturer, who was reoeived with' applause, and who commenoed by assuring his hearers that it was not his intention to make their hair stand on end, but rather to disabuse their minds of any superstitious notions on the subject of ghosts. He then briefly narrated the leading features of the history of ghost- lore, from the earliest times, commencing with the genii of olassic nations, who were sup- posed to be attached to individuals. The demons of ancient times were not, as we now understood the term, devils, but were rather heroic men elevated into demigods. The deyil himself had been made the object of super- stitious dread, and had been worshipped as a god 4000 years ago. Modern research proved that the same degrading superstition continued down to the present day. He then alluded to the belief in fairies, which originated in the dark ages, and which continued so lately as 1586, when a woman was burnt to death on a charge df " hunting with the good neighbours" or fairies. Elves and Banshees were then tonohed upon, and mention was also made of the horrible super- stition of Vampirism, which originated in Hun- gary, and which supposed that dead people rose from their graves to suck the blood of the living. Goblins and bogies were instruments in the hands of foolish nurses to frighten children -a practice which the lecturer severely condemned. He then dwelt at some length upon what is known as " Spiritualism," which had made alarming progress, especially in America during the last twenty years. Table rapping and table-turning, Mr. Nolan considered to be caused by that mysterious and imperfectly understood force, " human electricity," and he described how this assertion might be proved by means of a few simple experiments. The tables would certainly answer questions, but there was no ghost in the matter-not even the ghost of a ghost, for it could be proved that the tables could not in any respect go beyond the intelligence of the operators. Human electricity also he con- sidered would account for snake-charm- ing, and horse-taming, and perhaps might explain the mystery of many so-called haunted houses. The great majority of ghost stories, it could be proved, had nothing whatever to do with ghosts. In many instances it would be found that they had no real foundation in the evidence upon which they rested, but were based upon the credulity of people, and their willingness to be deceived. Other ghost stories were manifest frauds, and the lecturer gave several instances in which the alleged ghosts were referred to natural causes, or to wilful deception, as in the case of the ghost of Mrs. Veal, narrated in the preface to Drelincourt's " Fear of Death," and in the well-known case of the mysterious disturbances at Woodstock Palace, in the time of the civil war. The vaga- ries of lunatics had given rise to other ghost legends, and others again had arisen from the fact of persons wandering about in a state of somnambulism. The laws of reflection and refraction also accounted for many of these tales, as in the case of the mirage, and the spectre of the Brocken. Other spectres arose from a dis- ordered state of the nerves, as in the instance oft Nicolai, the bookseller of Berlin, who used to be visited by a crowd of phantoms, which, however, were dispersed by means of proper medical treatment. The phenomenon called second sight, the lecturer referred also to natural causes, and it was remarkable that the Highland Seers lost their powers of clairvoy- ance when they left their native country. He next referred to the spectral allusions of persons suffering from delirium tremens, which were clearly the effect of a disordered brain. The use of opium sometimes produced similar results, and a guilty conscience often caused an appari- tion to appear. He would now come to consider the other side of the question, and without admitting that every mysterious Bight or sound indicated a spirit, the question remained :-Have ghosts ever been seen ? and have they ever con- versed with mortals ? The question was one of some importance, for -truth was 'always import- ant, and all religion was more or less based upon the hypothesis of an unseen spiritual world. In all matters of controversy extremes should be avoided. In this instance superstition was the one extreme, and incredulity was the other. The popular opinion of the present day inclined decidedly towards the latter opinion. Truth was never popular at first; every science was unpopular ia its infancy, and it was very natural that the students of psychology should make errors in the present imperfect condition of that science. He thought he had already said enough to shield himself from any change of superstition, but he ventured to say that he did believe in ghosts, and he appealed to reason, and to Scripture, to support him in that belief. Referring to the argument that as ghosts generally ap- peared clothed there must be somewhere ghosts of tailors, working with the ghost of a needle, and the ghost of a thread, to make ghostly garments, the lecturer observed that ridicule proved nothing, and that if ghosts really do appear we know too little about them to argue as to their clothing. St. Paul speaks of the natural body, and the spiritual body, and the lecturer asked what was this spiritual body? God was the only pure and infinite spirit, and it waspossiblethatall other spirits bad a finite body, which in the case of human beings would probably in form resemble the natural body. He also argued on metaphysical grounds that the appearance of ghosts was possible, and for moral reasons their appear- ance might be permitted. His belief was also based upon universal tradition, for in every age mankind had testified that ghosts had been seen. It would be as reasonable in us to deny .the exis- tence of the Emperor of China, because we bad never seen him, as to disbelieve in the existence of ghostss because none have ever appeared to us. The lecturer now proceeded to relate a num- ber of cases which he considered authentic in- stances of the appearance of various apparitions, among which was the instance of the daughter of Sir Charles Lee in 1662, who saw the appari- tion of her mother, who came to warn her of her approaching death. The celebrated case of the ghost of Fisher, which occurred in this colony, was related at some length, in which the' appearance of the spectre was the occasion of a murderer being detected. Several other instances, resting on authentic authority, were given, and among them cases in which it appeared that spirits were sometimes allowed to leave the body temporarily even dur- ing life. But the strongest arguments of the lecturer were founded upon Scripture, the case of the Witch of Endor, and the spirit of Samuel, being specially relied upon. In the Transfigura- tion it was evident that the three favored dis- ciples saw the spirits of Moses and Elias, and the parable of the Rich Man and Lazarus was quoted to show that Our Saviour gave at least his tacit assent lo the belief in ghosts -A unani- mous vote of thanks to the lecturer was accorded on the motion of the Rev. W. J." Brown, seconded by Mr. J. Bowden, which having been acknow- ledged, the benediction was pronounced by the Rev. G. Hurst, and the meeting dispersed. LECTURE AT EAST MAITLAND -On Monday evening a lecture was delivered in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, East Maitland, by the ReVi J. Dougall, upon " The element we live in."1 There was a very good attendance of visi- tors. The chair was occupied by J. Chambers, Esq., president of the institution, who, in a few words, introduced the leoturer to the audience. The Rev. J. Dougall, on coming forward, dwelt upon the importance of a good introduction to Buch a lecture as he was about to deliver, quot- ing a saying of Quintilian that it was necessary for a speaker, in his opening remarks, to manage to pat his audience in good humour, so that they, might receive kindly what waa to follow of . the discourse. He premised that science, instead of being now, as formerly, under the ban of the church, and of being compelled to give way be- fore 'theology, made bold attacks upon religion ; and appealed to what was alleged to be a contra- diction between the revelations proceeding from its researches and the revelation of Scripture, in support of its attacks upon the Bible. But Christians did not doubt of the efficacy and ful- ness of the latter revelation, and feared not these assaults. The subject he had chosen was the atmosphere, and he purposed to descant for a time upon its adjustments, its composition, and its arrangements, all of which showed forth the goodness of God. The atmosphere we breathe enveloped the earth as a mantle, pervad- ing all the cavities of organic matter, extended about forty- five miles above the surface of the earth, and was possessed of density which diminished as the distance from the surface increased. He described the experiments by which Torrichelli, a pupil of Galileo, and afterwards Blaise Pascal, discovered that the air possessed density, and that its pres- sure upon the surface of the earth was equivalent to 15 lbs. to the square inch. He explained the part that this property of air played in the ecpnomy of nature ; it was necessary to preserve that balance in animals and plants which ensured .their health and well being ; it was necessary for the elasticity and expansion of the animal fluids, for the circulation of the blood, and for the act of respiration. The composition of air was. next elucidated, and the harmony of the components dwelt upon, by which we were en- abled to live in safety, comfort, and happiness, which would not be the case if that harmony were destroyed, and the perfect adjustment to our requirements of the dif- ferent gases taken away. Some time was de- voted to this part of the subject, and the lec- turer explained it, as he did the whole of the phenomena of which he treated, in a simple, graphic, yet comprehensive and scientific way. The conditions under which vegetable life ab- sorbs carbonic acid, the reason for this process, the laws regulating the transmission of light, heat, and sound, and those that relate to the winds and to rain, were fully explained, in the clear style which the lecturer had chosen ; and many interesting facts and illustrations were given throughout the discourse. Upon the mo- tion of Mr. Brunker, seconded by Mr. Ewing, the customary vote of thanks was accorded, and the meeting separated. 