SLANT HUNTING ON". MONTE : OAMPIONE, NORTH ITALY J ' : From the Field.") .We-Btort .at 3 o'clock in tho morning, as it is de sirable to get up a littlo out of the warm valleys be fore the dew has been dissipated, and find ourselves ! on tlio spur of a mountain, on which CyclamenB peop forth from among the shattered stones here and there — sometimes a solitary bloom Or two, at others hand some tufts, where tho position has favoured free de velopment, and. now and then springing in a minia ture condition from somo chink, where there . was very little nutriment or root-room to he obtained. Then we meet Silen saxifraga, very abundant on ! the larger boulders and in sandy spots. In a. wild state or in cultivation it is not a pretty plant, Al though it has often been recommended. Lower down we bad first met with tbo neat Tunica , saxi fraga on the tops of walls, and it accompanies us a littlo higher up, and iB raroly so pretty as when well cultivated. Tho Maidenhair fern does not aseend up tho mountain sides, nor oven go into suitoblo places in the villages up the valley, though in the town of Lccco it adorns the very mill wheels and moist walls near watercourses, &c.;, iu great abundance of small pretty plants, adhering olosely to the wall, and dwarf from existing on moisture or very little more. Tho pretty Coronilla varia is often seen low down ; and what can form prettior tufts, or fall more gracefully over tbo brow of rocks? As wo. ascend tlio lino.. flowers of G-cr'aoium sanguincam "are ' everywhere soon, and Horminum pyrenaieum begins to show it- Bolf liero and thoro, becoming more abundant as tbo mountains get higher, and growing to the top. It is barely worthy of cultivation. A pinkish variety was noticed in several places. The Privet, in a very dwarf find fioriferous condition, adorns tho rocks in abundance, whilo Aconites, Lilies, &e.;, are occasions ally seen. The Orabgo Lily is a great ornament hereabouts. I saw on oae of the topmost and most; inaccessible cliffs of the mountain one of its bold ilowors expanded like a ball of fire in the starred wiry grass and small plants that grew on the narrow ledge, and L: Miirtagon is also abundant; though not so_effectivc. Dwarf Oytisus, &c.;, drd groat ornaments to tbb rocks, "and hsro and tliere the ieaves of tbo- Hcpatica aro niingled with 'those of . the Cyolamqn, suggesting littie pictures of spring in tlieso localities. The Cyclamens are dolioiously sweet, and the groat ; spread of Erica carnea, seen in all parts, must afford a lovely. show of colour in spring. . The ground is . rocky ; and .we think wo hhyb token leave of all th» ; meadow' land, wlien the hills, again begia ifcl break ' into small pastures, where . Ox-eyb Daisy, .Orobises, ; Phyteumas, Arnica, Inula, nud a host of meadow: plants struggle for the mastery. Soon we come to great isolated massek of rock— eroct rock, and yet; on the surface quite shattered and . decayed in every . part ; and, after half ah hoiir among these, see far up rosottes of blue horn-liko flowors projecting at about ; two inches from the rook. Tho rosettes are as wide ; as the plant is high, and muoh larger than tlie leaves, , which -are of a light glaucous colour. : This is quito, a novelty.. Where- would; our pleasures bb if we, know .ererytbihg ? The oharm of suoh excursions "as this is in proportion to the novelties they pre-: sent."' . ' ; We ascend far above these rocks, and find1 tho: mountain side has broken into wide gentle slopes,' park like, with indigenous trees here and there, but for the most part a great spread of meadow land, adornod in every part with a most glorious company of flowers. Conspicuously beautiful was the St. Bruno's Lily, just growing high enough to show its long and snow-white bells above the grass- It should be called tho Lady of the Mead jws, for as suredly ' no sweotor or more graceful flower embel lishes them. In overy pitrt vVhtre a slight depres sion took place in the grouud, so as to bxposo a littlo slope or fall of oarth on which tho long grass conld not well grow, or along by a pathway, Primula ;laucescons was found in thousands, long past out of lower. ' - . In wandering loisuroly over the graBs, an exquisite Gentian, of a billiant deep and iridescent blue, caught my eye. At first I thought it was tho fino Gontiana verna ; but on taking up somo plants it proved' to be on annual kind, quite as beautiful and brilliant ae oither G. Bavarica or verna, gems as they are. Every whore that a boulder or mass of rock shows itself, Primula auricula is to bo seen, often in tho grass, and always on tho high rooks and cliffs. A species of Pedioiilaris, with doop rosy shining flowers, is a fino ornitment Of the grass, add ascends to the vory highest points. A showy Epilobium and fine Dentaria are also scon iunbfig the taller vogotation, while the compaot littlo bluo Globularia creops from' tho surroundiug oarth over overy rook. As wo arise, tlio niist of tho higher points begins to envelope us, and hido tho lovoly and ever- varying scenery below aud on all sides, except now and then when tho breeze dears them away. Heroabouts we come upon some littlo tufts of the most diminutive and pretty Saxifraga ensia. In little indentations in rocks it sometimes looked a more stain of silvery grey like a liohen ; on tho ground, between stones, & o., it spreads into dwarf silvery ousliions, from one to three or four inobos wide. It seoined quite indifferent to position, somo growing freely along, ond even in a channel, the sides and bod of whioh aro a mass of shattered rocks, and whioh is in winter a stream and a torrent after heavy rains nud thaws. I found one plant as oircular and as white aB a dessort plate, a mass of lilliputian silvery rosettes, each about the oiqhtU of an iuoh noross, eaoh rosette boing formed of from 15 to 25 diminutive leaves, and hundreds of rosettes going to form a tuft about an iuoh high. Above the region where this plant is first met with the extraordinary nature of tho mountain begins to be seen through tho increasing mist. Lower down, aud indeed in all parts, erect isolated masses of rook aro mot with, but towards the great straight -sided mass that forms the central and higher poak huge aiguilles are gathered together so thickly that, dimly eeon tbrougli the mist, tlioy seem like tho ghosts of tall old castles and towers orooping one aftor the other up the mountain aide. The highest point, formed by a most imposiug rook of this description, has not yot been ascended. A littlo lower down rocka oi the same nature and great height are exposed on one side, so that you may look over their eag« from thd turf; their appearanoe being much heightened by the fnist which completely hides tho valley, and makes them seem bakefess. The Lion's-paw Gtidweod is vory abundant oh the mountain. Daphne rhododendron in small "quan tities; and tho protty little Polygala ohamaibuxus often orop out in a very diminutive state, liuicli less beautiful than when in cultivation. A blue Linum, probably L. alpinum, is vory common ; the rare Allium Yictoriitlo I fosnd sparsely on high rooks ; and Dryas ootopetala, abundantly in flower, with Anomono alpirrn, were in a vory dwarf state ; and pale flowors of the common Gontiana acaulis looked lip Bingly hero and there. In the higher anddwarfer parts of tho meadows Aster alpinus was very charm ing, not in tufts or masses, but dotted singly over tho turf.. Having got as high as was possiblo, wo had yot to find ono of tho rarest and most beautiful of hardy plants, Sileno Elizabothsa. Wo failed to find it aftor a long search, and, disappointed, wore descending the mountain down a long and rocky ohasm formed of a vast bed and banks of shattered rook, when, much to our pleasure, a little plant with a few leaves was discerned growing from a chink on a low mass of rock: By carefully breaking away portions of this w6 succeeded in getting the plant out intact, and by very diligent searching found a few moro specimens of it. : It waB not yet in flower, but pushing up the stem preparatory to it.- Then a long trudge ' down mountain, valley, and hilly road brought us home to our quarters at half-past 9, after a long and interest ing day. A description of the scenery from the: top of this mountain is better not attempted ; and; in deed, for several hours near the top we could not see many yards bofore ns because of a white inlBt. But oho time, when as high as wo could go, the guide shouted to call our attention, and wd saw through - a rent in tho mist the far-off country below — lake, Mils, rilla-dottod lowlands warmed by a bright aun, -'and happy-looking as Eden " when o'or the four rireri the first roses blew." A New Occupation.— We have often heard of drunken men being robbed, hut until so informed by a correspondent of the Daily Herald, were not aware that this species of crime had been adopted as a settled profession under the title of " Putting Drunken men to bed." The writer gives a general description of loafing in the country. districts, and then relates tho following: —"Being a very old hand undone of the best kiidrih men in Queensland, it is no trouble foi me to meet old acquaintances; and sure enough, tlie other day I did meet a gehtlemaii I lihd not seen for years. His name was Bob, and seeing his., hands were soft and delicate, I asked him what lie was up .to, for I was somewhat curious todeoi'u how he couid get a living without . hard work, seeing .that there was not room enough for even.a. commission agent to earn -his salt in .the very small town in which I. then met him. .- He said he was doing very we'll, and we llad'- along conversation in which we recalled, old- times; When I pressed him to tell me how he-gotriris living, he said, ' Oh; I knocks it out' putting drunken men to bed.' I confess lie had me there. Much as I know, that lioked me. I could hot Oohceiye lioiv a crust was to be earned in these hard 'times by putting men to bed; but Bob soon let me into it. ' You see,' says lie, the only work that I conld got to suit me .when I came up hcre'was- getting.bells and hobbles" and selling them. -But that, didn't last long, so, I took to finding lost horses. Then the people took a down on me, and. I gave that np, for they had the cheek to say that I planted; horses for tho reward. There was a man beyond tho Oondainine, I was told, who was always in want of a couple of hands to do that . Sort of work, and take' the; risk; but I don't beiieve in working foi- another, so I wouldn't go, and tlien'I hit iipon this business. ' You see; I oatchbs a cove as iB knocking down his choquq.; inalios be lieve that I know him, but doesn't Oh no account drink at his' expense. I always treat' him, and that takes the down off, and when lie gets 'toxicatod I puts him to bed. Sometimes i.puts throe or four to bed in one nifllit, if. I am.luekv.: biit'I h'nvoto'b'o ' Bliarp at tlio game, ''there' being more than me at it,- and we have"to hunt 'em up like tho Dalby cabmen when they tries to catch a passenger at the , railway terminus.' 'But do tliey romunerate you for your trouble ?' I asked. ' No,' says he, ' we remunerate ourselves. That is we take £1 or 80s out of their purse,- or the loose silver out of their pqekete, according to what they are worth, 'cos it doh't do to .take it all, and sometimes they won't miss a trine ; and if tliey does miss it, they blames .the landlord and says he cheated them in their change.' Now, sir, tins game is "getting quite common now-a-days. Its astonishing what the dull timos will drive men to; and it may bo as well for. you to give publicity to proceedings of lay old acquaintance Bob, and put the . publicans on their -guard, for many a pub. gets credit for the work when rlie does not deserve it.. Bob says its an occupation not to he proud of, nor. spoken about to everjii body, but it's just as honsBt a way to get- a living as some of the swells have who get into' debt and then go through the insolvent court. , . On, Saturday evening; 20th ultimo., reports tlio TimeO, as Mr J. Bates; jutai, and his wife, -tb whom he liad not long been married, were re turning to thoir house at Ghihni Ghinni Creek, from his father's house, in a boat, aftot dark, and iyere. about midway between the home of Mr Bates, sen., . and tlie mouth of Ghimi Ghinni Creek,' Mrs Bates stood up to arrange her dress, when, by .the motion of the boat, she was precipi tated into the " river. Mr "Bates seized hold of her dress and held her, but leaning over the side of the boat, he over-balanced it — it begaii to fill with water, and he also was thrown into the river. The tide was running down rapidly at the time. Mr Bates lost hold of his wife's dress, and it is supposed alie sank immediately. Mr Bates was found by the Messrs Allon, lying across tlffi boat, .perfectly motionless. Ho recollects nothing as to how he got back again, after losing hold of his wife's dress. Information of the sad accident was given tb the police, aud senior-constable Coady and Constable Collins lost no time in nit- riving at tho Sceno of the disaster, and rendering, every assistance. On Sunday morning a large numbor of persons, who had heard of tho sad1 accident, came with boats and commenced A search -for the body of Mrs Batefy which was; found by Messrs Laurie and Dugdale, about; three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, and conveyed to the house of her sorrow-strickeu father, Mr, Dalves, on Ghinni Ghinni Creok. An inquest was held, and a verdict of accidental death re turned. The scene at the grave on the occasion of the funeral of Mrs Bates is described as very touching. . . ; 