PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY. The opening concert of the Adelaide Philhar- monic Society took place on Thursday evening, in the Town Hall, under the immediate patronage of His Excellency Sir James Fergusson. The weather was by no means propitious, yet there was a very large attendance; every available square foot of the Hall was occupied, and it was found neces- sary to admit a good many late-comers to the gallery. Mr. E. Spiller acted as conductor, and Mr. R. B. White, R.AM., as leader. Mr. Shakespeare presided at the grand piano. Amongst the other intrumentalists were Messrs. Chapman, Edwards, Kay, Sumsion, Tilly, Wallace, Bet- teridge, and Proctor. The soloists ware Mesdames Proctor and Walkley, the Misses E. Winter, Vaughan. and Nimmo, Messrs F. Searle, G. S. Smith, and L. Grayson. The entire strength of the orchestra exceeded 100 performers. Precisely at eight o'clock, the band and chorus commenced with the National Anthem. The Hon. H. Ayers. President of the Society, then delivered the following inaugural address :— 'Ladies and Gentlenun— The Committee of Management of the Adelaide Philharmonic Society has requested me to address a few words to you ou the occasion of its members appearing before you this evening to give their tirst public conceit. The Society has been established for the cultivation and performance of both sacred and secular nituic. It numbers upwards ef one hundred members, and 1 am assured that its prospects are of the must encouraging nature. The attendance of ouch an audience an 1 have now the pleasure of addressing is a substantial proof of tlie interest which is taken in the institution, and is an earnest of the public support it is likely to receive. There is no novelty iu such Societies as thi-, for they exist iu almost every town of importance, and their advantages and usefulness cau scarcely bo questioned. They furnish an opportunity to yucalmts and instru mentalists to meet together in a pleasant manner to cultivate an uxreeabic accomplishment, and they provide eutertaimuenU to thorn.- trim, if not BUilicieutly skilled tu produce rntcet sound* them selves, can. nevertheless, enjjy the harmony of others. It has beeu said that 'Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast; To soften rocks, or bend the knotted oak.' and there are very few unions us who have not at some time or other experienced the delightful influence which good music imparts ia uaiiqud liziutf a troubled iniud. It has beeu a constant source of enjoyment and a nuluce to mankind throughout all a-es from a period far more remote thai: history reaches, for it has coexisted wi:h the winds of heaven, the waves of the oce:m. aii'l the trees of the forest, and its melody hits ttoothed the iudest savage tx* well ax the most civilized of men; while in the present day it is e^'iraeu as an lmnspcnsaoie p;u t ot education. My observations taunt necessarily be brief, as 1 raunot think of engaging your attention while ho many ladies and gentlemen are prepared to oiler you practical illustrations of a science which 1 am uuly theorizing upon; and, iu referring to those who are to contribute to our entertainment this evening, 1 may perhaps be allowed to bespeak your indulgence oil their behalf lent any deliciency should occur during the course of the performance. Such forbearance muy not bu required; but if it should, I believe you will kindly accord it to a iirst attempt. (Applauxe.) I take this opportunity of congratulating you ou the establishment of the Society. 1 earnestly appeal to you to use your betit endeavours towards promoting its objects, and 1 ask you to join me in wishing it a thoroughly successful career.' (Ap plause.) The programme was then proceeded with, and it soon became apparent that the President's con jecture that the forbearance of the audience would not be required was correct. This was the more creditable, seeing that the Society is as yet in its infancy. It was only a few month ago that it was organized. Some good angel— possibly the ghost of Handel— whispcied iu the ear of a thoughtful student of the great masters, 'form a musical Society,' and it was done. An advertisement called together about a dozen gentlemen at Lloyd's Coflee-rooms; a Committee was elected; the patronage of His Excellency secured ; the Presi dent and Vice-Prosident, Leader, Conductor, Organist, Treasurer, Secretary, and Librarian were appointed, and a code of rules was agreed upon. The co-operation of the Mayor and City Council was then secured, a large assortment of imuic ob tained, and the weekly rehearsals were commenced with a determination to achieve success at what ever cost. The performances on Thursday evening were the result. The Society very properly determined to confine itself to the cultivation and practice of classical music, beginning with "The Messiah." Those who have heard this and similar oratorios, as they are now occasionally performed at the Sydenham Crystal Palace, say that the impressions they produce are ineffaceable. The massive double choruses of "Israel in Egypt," the spirit- stirring martial songs and choruses of "Judas Maccabaeus," or the sublime antiphonal responses of "The Messiah," as rolled upon the air by the combined force of thousands of voices and instruments, accompanied by one of the finest organs in the world, evince how majestic Handel is when fairly interpreted. Of course we shall have to wait three or four centuries or so before anything approaching to this is heard in South Australia. We wish, however, just now to emphasize the fact that the Philharmonic Society his made a noble com- mencement, which may ultimately lead up to the most satisfactory results, And no doubt the per fonnanoea on Thursday evening awoke in many minds the slumbering reminiscences of many similar musical festivals in Europe, conducted, it may have been, on a very much larger scale. It will be impossible in this notice to specialize the excellencies or defects of Thursday evening's performances, seeing that the programme con- tained no fewer than 33 separate pieces of music. The "Messiah" consists, almost exclusively of airs aud choruses, with their introductory recitatives. The ladies and gentleman who sang the solos rendered them with precision and accuracy, and in several instances with manifest taste and expression. The Society lias amongst its members some fine vocalist', and amateurs are beginning to understand that the correct interpretation of high class music involve* much more than the accurate singing of the crotchets and quavers contained in their copy. As a correct reader is not, as a matter of couree, an elocutionist, so neither ia a correct singer necessarily a musician. Mechanical music may be ground out of a barrel organ by the yard r-;aJy mud;, but IKe true artisi ' feelj his inspiration in his theme, and makes other* feel it to. Several of the air* were rendered on Thursday evening with bo much taste and finish as to evoke almost irrepressible applause. With regard to the choruses, they were unques tionably the leading feature of the entertainment. Once or twice the voice* gave indications of a ten dency to break away from the conductor s control, or perhaps it would be more correct to say they were weak and apparently faltering. Yet these were but blight defects, and of unfreaueut occur rence. As a general rule, the several parts were taken up with great exactness, even in the most complex fugues; and unquestionably the unison passages were given with an intensity and force seldom if ever heard before in South Australia. The performances closed with the grand "Amen Chorus" at about a quarter past 10 o'clock. 