The mail this time has brought us no intelligonce of' h stirring character. That Tier Majesty was well, " and had been pleased to discharge some of the nublic duties of her hi oil station — that the Prince and Princess of Wales, after visiting Denmark, Egypt, Tttrkeyr, and Greece, had readied Turin on their way home — and that the health of Piince Leopold was still a source of anxiety, constitute the only items of news connected with the Royal Family. The bill for the dis- establishment of tho Irish Church has passed through Committee without any material altera tion,, and as it is iinprobablectliat after the will of the nation lias been' so emphatically oxpressed, the House of Lords will reject or mutilate it, wo may take it for granted that by this time one very important stop has been taken towards removing one of the great causes of Irish discontent, and doing substantial justice to that long-suffering people. Lord Russell's most useful bill per mitting the Queen to appoint a limited numoer ot uto peers tins passed its second reading, nnd may be considered safe ; but a measure for increasing tlie episcopate hns been thrown ouf.OoJ'he first will give lho upper branch of the Legislature the services of some of the leading minds of the ago, of men to whom the bustle and turmoil of V popular, election is utterly ropugnaht. The rejection of the "latter was only to he looked for, for what with the in crease of nonconformity and the liberal ideas abroad, bishops are somewhat at a discount now-n- days. Marringowith a deceased wife's sister is in a fair way of being legalised, a bill for the purpose having passed the Commons by a largo majority ; but we have yet to see what the. Episcopal bench will say to it. Thev have managed hitherto to defeat the attempt . - „oot Notwithstanding the pactnc ranees of Mr. Rvvbbdy Joiinson, the tone of the debates in the American Senate on the Alabama question had caused an uneasy meiiug m aiijigmi.u. The Duke of Ao sta, second son of the King of Italy, has been offered the Spanish Crown, and it was thought probable that he would accept it. Should lie do so, it is to be hoped for tlio sake of all parties that he may meet with some Spanish Cavuur, and ex hibit all '.lis father's gallantry, without those vices which so impair that monarch's usefulness. We are told that Spain is not unmindful of tho im portance of acquiring Gibraltar. Pro bably not; but on the other hand we imagine England is equally alive to the necessity for its retention. Certain it is that it would go very lined with any Ministry that proposed its surrender. Gibraltar is a " weakness" of tho Eng lish people, The newly-awakened inlerest in colonial affairs continues unabated. Mr W estgaiitii's paper rend before tbo Colonial' Society, ou the relation of the colonics to the mother country, gave rise to an animated discussion. Good cannot fail to accrue to all parties con- corned by free interchange of ideas. Some gentlemen, inoro particularly in. terested in Australian affairs, have ar ranged to hold a meeting after the arrival of each mail, to discuss the posi tion and prospects of these provinces. .Wool is vory quior, but the latest tele grams give us7 no'inforraation concern ing the May sales, although they were to commence on the '0th of that month. 'The portion of our last loan placed, is' already quoted on tho Stock Exchange at j- per cent, premium. There can be no doubt that, should Mr M'Culi.ocii wish to float the remainder of the loan on' the London market in J tilyj\kc will have no difficulty'iri plac ing it t0,'advantnge. When money enn be readily found to' make a ship canal' from Dublin to Galway, the ndvnntnge of which is not very evident, our debentures are not likely' to go loiig a begging. Once more the squat ters will urobablv have a certain amount of prosperity forced on them without any exertion of their own. We are told that Australian preserved meats are rapidly rising in public favor, and the - demand is not confined to the metropolis, but is spreading throughout the kingdom. The stock laid down in England, had been com pletely exhausted, and large orders had been received for a continuous .supply. Now that the practicability of sunply- ing the famishing thousands at irome bcon clearly demonstrated by actual experiment, mninly at tho expense of others, perhaps our enterprising (!) settlers, who will ho the chief gniners by the new and almost unbounded market thus offered for their surplus stock, may, after a year or two's consideration, do something towards extending this novel, and to them, vital industry. Hitherto, according to tho reports of tho various meat-preserving companies, they have been lavish of their promises, but extremely sparing of their. cash. Tho notion of our banks in acting as agents lor the shipment and sale of wool lias been as severely condemned in London as it was by the press here, at the time the question was first mooted. What effect the protest of the nineteen mercantile houses who signed it may have, tiirie Will suuwj uuL us iuu uueuiura ui cue various banks whose head offices' are in England, are for the most part, gentle men of large commercial experience, it is not likely they will sanction the con tinuance of a system which is opposed to every sound principle of hanking. Not only is it unsafe for the banks to meddle with business outside tho legi timate sphere of their operations, but thoy mny bo sure that merchants will withdrawtheiraccounts from those insti tutions which encroach on their profits. . It is a great pity so ill-advised an at tempt was ever made. We learn that Canada continues to receive largo additions to her popula tion, in consequence of the active and energeticsteps token to represent to in tending emigrants its superior attrac tions. Is there no one to nut in a trood word for Victoria? If Canuda, with its long and severe winter, and its close proximity to a dangerously powerful neighbor, is renlly a land of promise, what must Australia bo, with its genial climate, and entire freedom from every causo of alarm ? Those lucky individuals who were recipients of the royal bounty on the occasion of the Duk'e of EciMJunnn's visit will he rather astonished to hear that His Royal Highness has not for gotten to send in his little bill for the cost of these marks of his royal favonr. L3000 has been placed on the estimates of this, year for presents made by H.R.II. in Australia. This, of course, must apply to the expenditure in this particular line on his first cruise. Ill- natured persons have gone so far as to say that in this colony at least tho royal liberality was by no means excessive, but we suppose it must have been exhi bited in a more lavish manner else where. To be. generous at another's expense would be looked on as any thing but praiseworthy in nn ordinary individual, but we sunnosc it is ouite the correct thing in a prince. Poor, good- natured John Bull, bow you bleed ! Tin? sum of L3500 has been put on the English estimates to recoup II.R.II. the Duko of Edinburgh for tho money expended by liini in presents during bis "first visit to Australia. Of course, John'Bull has a right to do what be likes with his own money, nnd may choose to give substantial proofs of his superabundant loyalty ; hut we, the presumed recipients of favours to the extent of over L3000, naturally ask what were these royal offerings, and to whom o'iven ? 'Tis true that the Prince, with bashful unostcntation, may have not let his right hand know what his left did, and have laid the fortunate recipients of his bounty under tho oath of secrecy. Wo have, indeed, heard whispers of ft pin here, a 'bc-re, studs to tiiis one, and a pencil case to that one. But these were looked upon as private acknowledgments from His Royal Highness to favoured individuals. We .have heard ot no princely largesses given to public institutions, of no lavish backshish, or immense liberality, and it is only to be wondered at that, having the House of Commons to fall back upon, the Duke was not more profuse in his recognition of personal merit., and more prodigal of British coin for eleemosynary pur poses. Those who have received- gilts are now absolved from toolings - of gratitude towards the Bailor Prince. They have received their presents _ from England through its House of Commons, and to England as n country are their thanks alone due. Considering tlie manner in which His Royal IIiohnkss was r«xle with donations from all grades of Australian society, the expense oi the limited counter tributes might have .been allowed to come out of his own privy purse The amount actually expended would not have seriously affected his private income, and those who had experienced his gratitude nnd generosity would havo felt that these tokens of regard from the son of our Queen individually, were offerings to per sonal friendship or personal merits. The Commercial Baric Foroery. — George Bnrue, tlio Comrr.orcial Bar!: lodger keeper, who wee nrreeted at Grafton, Now South Wales, on a charge of embezzlement, was this morning brouglt before tho Oity Magistrates, and upon 1 1, #, nnwItAitlfnM «. $ ll, n .. A J tuo uptiiuiuwiuu ui iuu jjuuuu, wu» itiuiuuuuu nntil Friday next. Mr C. A. Smyth, who ap- ponreJ for tho prisoner, did not object to" tho remand, nor apply for ball, 03 he'waa not yot prepared to do so. Mr Kabul said that as the prisoner's defalcations amounted to £1800, he hoped tho magistrates would tlx tbo amount of bait in caso of ite being applied for. Mr Call, however, directed that any application for bail should ho made in open Conrt and not in Gimmbors. Tho. following are tho various cheques forged by prisoner : — £50, Mr PaLton ; ' £50, Solomon I'eardon ; £200, Goorgo Whiting; £750, S. D. Thomse '£'100, James Warin (?) ; and £37, Mark Walker. It is also ulloged that ou tho day tho prisoner absconded, his father gave him £350 to lodgo .to Uia -credit at tho hnitlr. inatpnd nf wlnVli Tlitrna innnrniiri.'itnfl Ihn money to his own use. Communicating witii Prison-bus, — Several times lately, tho warders in tho Melbourno Gaol have dincorcrod small parcels of tobacco in tlie gaol yard, thrown there by some of tbo prisoners' friends, but havo been unablo to dis cover who are tlio olFcndors. Yesterday after noon, as a constable) was passing tho gaol, ho saw a man attempt la throw a email packet over tlio wall. Tho parcel struck against tbo wall and fell back, and just aa tlio mun was throwing it ovc-r a second time, tho constablo seized him, and touk possession nf tho property, which was fonnd to consist of four plugs of tobacco and a note as follows : " 2 Bgs for FJy, have seen yonr brother, and ho has got nothing for you. Big Jack," Tho man was brought before tho magistrates this morning, and guvo tho name of John Wbiltoy, As ho had only bcon discharged from tho gaol on Saturday, as a enntion to others of his cIubb ho was sent to gaol for two months with hard labour. It is with'regret that wo havo to announce the sudden death of tho wifo of an old and re spected coloniet, Mr WriotheBloy Baptist Noel, tlio Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Folates. Tho lady referred to departed this lifo yester day, about noon, after a very short illnesB. In consequenco oi this bereavement no nicolinge were bold in lho Insolvent Conrt I o-day, tho business standing adjourned until Wednesday or Thursday next. The New Arcade. — A number -of .workmen this morning commenced tlio demolition of tho bouses iu Bourke street, which nro to bo re moved for tho purpose of erecting tho Now Royal Arcade, which is to bo rapidly proceoded with. Unrounded Charge. —A very respootohle- looking moo, named James Clark, was tliio morning brought before the magistrates, lliavivnil wiflt /imtir9ft«fnAD Tfr nnnnnra fltnf. a person named Owen, residing in East Rioh- tnond, who grandiloquently described himself to bo n " geographer," hut who renlly is a lithographic map printer, hud omployed OInrko to sell his maps for a commission of 25 per cent., but, although prompt enough to pookat tho cheques, ho was vory dilatory in paying his omployoo, aud at loBt Clarke paid himself instead of haudiug tho full amount to Owen. MrM'Kean, who appeared for tho do- fondant, canscd somo amusement by his cross- examination of prosecutor", who was in the habit of going rouud with Clarko to" sell tho maps, but would stop. .ouUido whilo Clarko went into tbo various' ofUces to use liis per suasive powers, and return with tlio cheques, whioh wore immediately imponndod, Aflor bearing tho prosecutor's statement, tho Bench discharged tho prisoner, much to tho "geo grapher's" disgust. PARTNERSHIP. - A curious case was brought before his Honor Judge Pohlman, in the County Court to-day. Mr G. Pilley sued Mr Harris, a solicitor, for the sum of £74 37s, being the amount of a bill of acceptance with interest. Mr. Harris was, in 1865, in partnership with Mr. Rutter as solicitor, and during the time a sum of £400 had been lent to Mr. Harris by Mr Pilley. The amount has been paid, and Mr. Rutter, requiring some money for private accounts, gave an acceptance for a bill of ex- change in the name of the firm of Harris and Rutter. The defendant knew nothing of the transaction till some few weeks ago, when he received a summons from plaintiff (Pilley) for the amount. He saw his partner Rutter after receiving the summons, and asked had he ac- cepted a bill in the name of the firm, which he admitted, saying he was in embarrassed cir- cumstances, and required the money for a pri- vate account, and pledged his word of honor that he would attend to the court and give evidence, which he has not done, but sailed to England in the Lincolnshire. His Honor gave a verdict for defendant with costs. Valueless Cheques. — Tho pnesing of va lueless choques has becomo quito common of late, and 110 doubt it proves for a vrliila at loast a very proiitaklo gamo to thoso who play it. It is to bo boped that lho recent expressed determination of Mr Justico Barry to put down this speoios of offence as far as in him lay, will bo joined in by all those who havo the admi nistration of law in their hands. At the Fitzroy Polico Court this morning another chcqoo- forger Imncd up in tho person of one Julm Hastings, against whom it nppeaia there nro threo Bcparato charges of forgery of tho des cription ind ented. Tho pi isoner mis remanded to East Collinuwood Coiut for Tncsdav. It seems that Hastings has victimised a boot maker at Richmond; Mr Cornell, draper, Carlton; end the lundlord of tlio Loviathsn hotel, Gertrude-street, Fitzroy. To tho last- montioned person he passed a valueless piece of paper supposed to represent £5, and re- ocivod £2 on account before tho forgery wao detootcd. Another Great Will Case. — Tho Primary Judge of tlio Supreme Court of Now South Walep brn -lately boon;, engaged in a trial of coitain questions relative to a will whioh very muoh ressmblo somo of thoso raised in tho case of Wolfskehl v. Mitchell. Tho questions rclato to what purports to lie lho will of "Wil liam Baird Millar, of Now Town. It nppeata to be drawn up iu das form, leaving all tbo property of tbo teBtulor, real and personal, to Sarah Buckley, maiden namo Tucker, and appointing her solo executrix. It wa3 attested by Mr G. L. Wilson, tho conveyancer, who drew the will of tho Into Br Mitchell. Sarah Buckley applied for probato of tho will, hut a caveat was entered by Alice Millar, of Flcmingtou, near Molbourno, widow of tho deceased, upon tlio grouod that Mil lar, at tho timoiof executing tho will, was not ot pouud. mind, and competent to make a will, bnt on the contraVy wilS In a ul.k',9 mental imbooiiity, arising from exoessivo drink ing and other cansis, and was also at tho lilJUO JU M O.UVU U1 lUlUAll/lltiUU JIUIU tuc Bivo use of spirituous liquors. Mrs Millar also alleges that the will wao prepared at tho in stance of Sarah Buckley ; that it was executed in her presence by Millar, and that sho used nndno influence to make liitu oxccuto such will. It 13 stated that tho deceased lias left live children. Tho arguments in tho caso wore concluded on. Friday last, nnd it is thought lho rules of law, which were so olearly laid down by Mr Judge Hargraves in his charge to tho jury in Wolfskehl v. Mitchell, will bo oqnally applioablo to this caso of Buckley v. Miller. A Caution to Rowdies. — Tho police magis trate this morning indicted a heavy fiuo upon two hoys about fourteen years of ago, who hud boon found in a slate of drunkenness on Satur day night, creating a disturbance. In order to act ub a caution to thorn to abstain from drink for tbo futare, and to behavo in a more civil manner than they usually do, they were tiued 10s each or tbroo dnyB' imprisonment, to thoir intocso Barpriso and disgust. Billiard Match.— Mr Hughes ployed n match at tho Albion Hotel on Satnrduy even ing with Mr Kayo, an amntonr whoso power of ono iB well kuown in tho colony, giving him 300 points out of 1000. Mr ICayo was never caught, and ultimately won lho gamo by '13L points.;. The match was keenly conteslcd, and great Bkill .was displayed on both sides, Mr Kayo's greatest break being G3, nnd Mr Hughes's being 81. Another match between tho samo ployois will tako place tlii3 eveniug. Hovel DEcisioN.y-When prisomjvs nro locked up for drunkenness "from Saturday night t) Monday morning, it is generally advanced as a reason for tho mitigation or their fino, and this morning it was brought forward by ono of tbo prisoners at tho City Cjurt. Tbo polico.magistrute, however, took a very different view of tho matter, and increased tlio fine from 2b (id to 5?, saying that as ho lmd been longer looked up he lmd cost tlio country more. a wMivnuAT uivibiu;; xuuu tQUK piQCO Ou laO Upper Yorrn, on Saturday ovoning -last, be tween two amatourB, MoEsro F, Melville end Ordo, and two gentlemen, Messrs Jones (bro ther to tho champion) and Fntness, belonging respectively to tho Civil Ssrvico anil Com mercial Rowing Club). It wes'oviilont, how." ever, that neither Mr JoneB's relationship witii tho Champion, nor Mr Faruess's oonuectiou with tho Commercials, nvailcd Ihom anything," for thoir opponints took tho lead at the ontsot, which thoy gradually increased ; and when they nrrivod at tho winning-poet, tho vanqniehed were.fully ono hundred yards in arreiir. - Tho distance was from Molbourno tj tbo Botanical Gardens Bridge. - Theatre Royal. — " Bappelluiff, tlio Mioan- tiiivjjuf tuuuthitt vu u guuu jit>'..3 j ou Saturday evening. Mr Ctippin played tho part of Rnppelkoff, a species of Teutonic Milky White, woll, and Mr Rogors/was-rffactivoaa Astralagus, tlio King of tho Alps.-'cepooiaHy in that pnrt of tho performance whero ho pcrsn nntes tho ill-tempered misanthrope. Mr;. Greville created much amnsamont as tho weak- minded Abol, and MissD. Stewart did justice to tlio pert chambarmrid. Mr Ireland and Mrs Grevillo made 111 much of lho small parts allotted to them as possible. Tho sconery, painted for tho ooension by Mr Henningo, de serves the greatest commendation; and tho ballot portions were tastefully arranged. " Rippalkoff" bids fair to lisd favour with tlio public. Mr Power created a favourable im- pression in tlio farco of lho " Happy Man. ' Miss Clifton ployed the little part of the Prin cess with archness and verve. Weston's New Orera House. — This placo of amnscroent was tiguiu crowded on Saturday night to witness tho performances of Messrs Weston and Hussey's Minstrels. _ Long before the porformanco began no more tickots for the paradis oonld bo issued, that part of tlm build ing being crowded, and when tho entcrtaiuuiont commenced tho pnrquctto was in a similar condition. Tlie jokes nud witticisms of Harry Kelly and Frank Huasoy drew peals oi laughter from tlio audience. Tito Golden Shoo Dance, by Messrs Kelly aud Holly, was much admired. Tho song of " Tobias and Biancae" by Frank Hnssey, made the building resound with merriment. Tho Clmaipion Silvor Bolt Jig by T. J. Pool was heartily encored. This was followed by tho amusing sketch entitled tho " Btrur o'Clook Train," which was exquisitely well performed ; tho evidont horror "of tho sablo gentleman who comes, to Banjo's house to seek a night's lodgings nnd Bees tho ghost come to him and his host, ib perfection. Tho cntortainmont itn»/»lnAor7 wlfh tho soulllorn ttlnriifitioh inhilon entitled "Juok on tho Green,", introduoing every member of tho company in full oha- motor. 