FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. PErtE'3 . CAX&EDB;&L.; On Tuesday afternoon, Jnne 29, the Sight Bev. Dr. Shorty Lord Bishop of Adelaide, laid he founda tion-stone of lit. Peter's Cathedral at North Ade laide. The erection of a building of this kind has -ever been an object of peculiar solicitude with His Lordship, and arrangements having been BO far perfected as to admit of this initiatory act, the 22nd anniversary of his consecration to the Epis copacy afforded an appropriate opportunity for the ceremony. At his first installation in the diocese. In January, 1848, Her Majesty's letters patent were read, nominating Trinity as the Cathedral Church, but attthe same time authorizing the Bishop to substitute any other, whether already built or to be built hereafter. The sub ject has not been left altogether in abeyance, for at intervals it has been referred to in Pastoral Charges; and early in 1S55 His Lordship avowed his intention of taking immediate steps for the erection of a special building for cathcdral ur poses. This resolution was taken principally n onsequence of a liberal donation of XI,000 from Mr. Wm. Align, aad of a similar sum from the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge. But in the very threshold of Ms project he was encountered by serious difficulties in reference to the site. Under the authority of a grant from Governor Robe, supported by legal advice, claim wasliud by him to the central acre of Victoria-square. This claim was strenuously resisted by the populace, ut fortified by a resolution of Synod, the Bishop appealed to the Supreme Court to establish what was represented to be a legal and equitable right attaching to the Church of England. The inhabi tants in meeting assembled strong'y insisted upon the suit being defended. The City Corporation assented, and when the case was brought before the Jury the important principle was upheld that the squares were primarily intended for the recrea tion of the citizens. This practically set the matter at rest, and was a sore discouragement to the Cathedral movement. Years elapsed without any important steps in advance being taken; but His .Lordship on re visiting Great Britain two or three years ago once more brought the subject prominently under the notice of his friends, with satisfactory results. Up ill the close of 1SS8 a handsome amount had been raised in England, the contributors numbering amongst them the Hon. W. 15. Gladstone and other well-known names. In South Australia, over and above the liberal gift of £1.009 from Mr. Allen, there have been large offerings, bringing up the total beyond £2,300. From a statement of funds ?expended and available, issued by the Bishop, it may readily be gathered that His Lordship has proved himself an efficient Trustee of the money granted many years ago. In his hand it has fructified, until the aggregate sum appropriated for the edifice lias reached £9.927. Of this £1,052 10s. 10d. has been devoted to the purchase of a site, and £227 10 i. to the erection of the enclosing walL The remaining total of £8.617 18s 5d. is thus made up -Money on mortgage, £5,640; cash uninvested, .£485; cash in Bank. £261 1S=..6CL; interest to June 30, £250; landed property cost, £386; sub scribed 1833 9. £1,01015s.; Society for Propagating the Gospel, £81 4s. lid. The ground upon which the Cathedral of St. Peter is to be erected occupies a very prominent place at the intersection of Pennington-terrase -west with the City Bridge-road. It includes a trifle in excess of an acre, and has been enclosed on one side by a substantial stone wall with brick facings and copings. The building itself is to face the angles, staudihg north-west and south-east, and the probable cost when completed will be from £-20,000 to £25,000. The design is by Mr. W. Butterfield, of England, but it has been somewhat modified by Mr. Woods, of the firm of Wright, Woods, and Hamilton, to whom the superinten dence of the work has been entrusted. The prin cipal alterations made consist in heightening the tower, putting in windows, and so forth. The style of the edifice m-v/ be described as "transition" ?and "decorated," presenting a general resemblance to the Gothic. The total length internally will be 168 feet, by a total width of 58 feet, and a height of 70 feet to the ridge. The centre is divided by transepts- into nave, choir, and chancel. The j nave, which is for the congregation, is divided by ; two rows of columns or piers, the space between I from centre to centre being 32 feet. From these will rise lines of arches to the roof, which will be Open, with Baltic timbers stained and varnished, n the choir there will be benches filted up for the singers, aud in the side aisles o£ the chancel will be the usual cathedral canon stalls. The first tran«epfc projects verj; slightly on cither side, ju3t sufficient to give variety to the outline, but not so as to impose in any degree an obstacle cither to sight or ! sound between the people and the officiating clergy- j man, the pulpit being placed by the main pier be- I tween the transept and thelast nave arch on the south side. Beyond the choir is to be a secondary : transept separating the chancel from the choir, one -end of which is intended for an organ chamber. The chancel will have two ornamental tracery windows, which will probably eventually, if not at -once, be fitted with stained glass, and will also be lighted by windows at the side, as well as at either end of cach of the transepts. The front consists of two handsome towers with buttresses, decorated windows, and minarets, spires to be executed in cut stone, lundeJ, to rise from : the centre to a height of 140 feet. Each tower ' will be divided into belfry and rinsing cham ber, besides which there will be an entrance through it to the interior of the Cathe dral. The main entrance is between the towers by a deeply recessed arched doorway -through a narthex, or porch, and above it will be a large ornamental window. The sides of the buildiug are to be supported hy buttresses of -cut stone, between which will be small com plex lights in the nave, and in the clerestory or upper part there will also be two - light tracery windows in each bay. Above the smiller transept will be what is termed a, lantern springing from the centre to the height of about of 110 feet. The whole of the dressings internal and external are to be of freestone, and effect will be produced by the use of the white and brown stones m bauds. The other portion of the building will be of Glen < )smond stone, and the roof of slate, which is also to be used for the floor of the interior. The building, when com pleted, is expected to accommodate some 1,100 or 1.200 persons. The nave is to be furnished with chairs, not benches. It is thought probable that at some future time a psal of bells will be placed in the tower. No contrast has as yet been taken for any part of the building; but it is expected that the work will be prosecuted without further delay. The cost of the portion to be first erected is estimated at some £12,000 or £13,000. The weather on Tuesday was cold and bleak, and the leaden clouds threatened rain, which fortu nately, however, held off. At 1 o'clock a ?compaay of ladies and gentlemen, numbering about 120, partook of a sumptuous luncheon at Bishop's Court. Amongst tho^e present were Sir James and Lady Edith Fergusson, and over 20 clergymen of the Church. There were no sDeeches .or other proceedings of interest to the public. At 2 o'clock the Albert bells give general notice to the citizens of the interesting event about to take place. They were silent during the time occupiedin performing the ceremony, but againrang out a merry peal wnsn all Tras over. As the hour of 3 o'clock approached, spectators from all direc tions began to assemble in the; Cathedral enclosure, and in course of a very short time the attendance had swelled to upwards of a thousand. Upon the ground itself there was little to indicate the magnitude and importance of the work about to be commenced. Over a square hole, nearly filled with concrete, forming part of the foundation, was suspended a solid block of free stone from the Glen Etvin Qiarry, weighing about 13 cwt. Near by was a sort of gallery, roofed in with canvas, and provided with tiers of seats rising in regular gradation from the ground. Projecting from this a special stage for the accom modation of the Governor and Lady Edith had been constructed. Around the stone a considerable space was marked off and enclosed with ropes to form a barrier against the encroachments of the general public. 'From the shed as wc!l as from scaffold-poles, placed at intervals round the enclosure, were displayed flags of different descriptions, manv of them bearing marks of long service at sea. The whole of these arrangements were carried out by Messrs. Woods, JBrown, and Mais. On the stone was a suitable inscrip tion, and the implements of masonry lay in readi ness for His Lordshiu's use. The level aud mallet were the same as hid bean employed by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh in laying the founda1 ion-stone of the Victoria Tower on his first visit, and the Sailors' Home on hissecond visit. The trowel was a beautiful article, with a bladeof silver, having inscribed on it the following words, set off with tasteful flourishes:-"This trowei was used iu laying the first stone of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, by the Right Rav. Augustus Short, D. D., first Lord Bishop of Adelaide, South Australia, an 1 presented to" him. by the Committee on the occasion. St. Peter's Day-2.9th June, A.D., 1S69." Under the stone was placed a bottle containing the customary coin3 and newspapers, a picce of stained glas3, manufactured in the colony by Mr. Brooks, and MS3., explaining the circumstances under which the ceremony had been performed. The following explanatory statement was circulated on the ground. " When the Duke of Edinburgh visited Adelaide in 1867, the Bishop was asked by the Equerry, 'Have you a cathedral? To which lie was com pelled, reluctantly, to answer 'No.' The question was a natural one, for every diocese lias its cathedral church, and 20 years had elapsed since the Sc3 of Adelaide had been founded. In the still more extended state of the Church at the present time, it cannot be unreasonable to take steps for the erection of a cathedral, where of right, and as often as be deems it expedient, the Bishop may officiate. As the chief church of the diocese the Cathedral is free from parochial obli gations; and here worshippers from all parts of the diocese, as well as the pooler inhabitants of the ' city, should be free to join in the service, celebrated 1 in all its solemn beauty, without impediment from the claims of seat-renters. Indeed, the growing ex- 1 elusion from-our- parish churches of thelabouring j classes of tliis city under the pew-rent system requires to be counteracted by the free sittings of ; the Cathedral nave. Here, too. from the size and I form of the building, sacred music, that time- ' hallowed accompaniment of Disice worship, at- ' tains its softest and most devotional tone. It is j not out_ of place to remark that our reformed liturgy is singularly adapted for its introduction, j In addition to the congregational chanting of the ! psalms ana canticles in the Te Deum, the Gloria i m Excelsis, the Sanctus. and Cho.al Anthem, the j noblest themes for sacred harmony a're afforded. "A j1 , l4? influence on liturgical worship, the ' Cathedral with its .capitular , clergy should be the training institution for theological students and the younger clergy in the practice of-preaching and study of theology. Here, too, thg daily -Prayer should be carried on, even if the parochial cletgy are - hampered in this dntv hr othercalls. The Cathedral, at least, should open the weary and sick at heart might, ^sv^ssss^sssstsi' 2fifi^?^ na' stations, conferences for mutual eailicatioti, special services on days of humiliation or thanksgiving, lectures in Advent and Lent a^ojyuy anniversary Mrmoua of Sunday-school teachers and children, visitations of the Metropolitan, public rnrnmi^ other Bishops, the opening service and communion of the Diocesan Synod, and possibly of some future Proviacial Synoi would be held solemndimity in the Cathedral than fwfhlf!?"- 4" J??TT centre of influence will thus be gamed without interfering with the proper work of parochial churches. St Andrew's, at 5^Pfy' hp. undoubtedly been a great meaus of doing good in that city. reference to the site may be SWpWl in Victoria-square defective in title, and no steps in any other beJ1*1 ta]£er? secure another, the Bishop m-Dla?in« und« trust a portion of the w hHfiUn ^ Ior ^ Rur?ose. whereby the funds ,?gf&ave; been toeptintact. '-The space of tti r»c<^m?r ^enoington-terrace, ad joxmn^tbe Park Lands and facing* the great thoroughfare which joins North ana South Ade e th? nearest attainable point of contiguity between the two parts of the city, easily accessible from both sides of the Xorrens. jjovernment House, which is nearly the centre of the city, will be equidistant from the Cathedral ana Government^ Offices. The terminus also of the railway destined to join Glenelg and Ken sington opens still nearer the Cathedral, on the same thoroughfare. In the trusts declared and liturgical arrange-1 ments proposed,_ he old Cathedral organization, so ! far as possible with a titular and scantily- endowed Uean and Chapter, has been adhered to. A Onaplam {or two), permanently appointed, wiil provide for the _ dinary services. "Believing sincerely that susti a building is necessary for the efficient working of the Church of .England in tins province, for the dignity of its liturgical worship, for the due training of native born clergy and a higher tone of social and religious life, the Bishop earnestly invites the clergy and laity to co-operate with him in effecting this im portant object, remembering it continually in their prayers, and using their-personal endeavours to promote the erection.'' Outside the enclosure the military in full force were drawn up m open order, under Major Vivian aP, , , Gt'ler_ commissioned officers. At 3 o clock tus privileged portion of the spectators entered the enclosure, and took up their positions on the tiers of seats before mentioned. Shortly afterwards His Excellency and Lady Edith, attended by the Hon. Captain iSdgcumbe and Mr. Morns, made their appearance. As the? passed tlie soldiers presented anxi3, and on their taking the places assumed to them the National inthem was played. Even at this early stage the seats were well nued, and tlie scene presented was a striking one. There were present, besides the vice regal party, a brilliant assemblage of ladies, the Hon. the Treasurer, the President of the Legis lative Council, members of the Legislature, ana distinguished colonists, principally those belonging to; the English Church, altogether from 2o0 to 380 persons. At the stroke of a.Procession started from Bishop's Court, and reached the ground a few minutes afterwards, entering by way of Pennington-terrace, the choir singing as they kept their place in the long and well-arranged line. In the forefront were the members of the Cathedral Committee-Messrs. C. B. Young, H. H. Turton, N. Oldham, W. S. Douglas. G. W. Hawkes. S.M., N. A. Knox. W. J. Fullarton. A. Winnall. W. H. Walters, H. C. Mais, and S. Toms, walking two abreast. Then came the choirs of Christchurch, Trinity, and St. £l? ^ ??rrymS banners, with the words, "Faith," Hope, and '"Love," or some emblematic representation emblazoned upon them. These numbered between 3) and 40. Afterwards followed the clergy, consisting of the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeuy, the .Rev. Canon Farr, the Revs. E. Eeid, J. Pollitt, D. J. H. Ibbetson. Howitt. H. M. Pollitt, H. Keai, W. H. Mudie, T. E. Neville, S. <rreen, T. J. Smyth, T. Field. W. A. Clavfield. A. Homier, W. Scott, Brown, Morse, F. Williams, and Ei. T. Howell. AH of these wore white sur plices, while His Lordship, who brought up the rear,, was arrayed in his episcopal dress. Ou arriving mside the enclosure tlie clergy took up a position around the stone, the members of the choir standing behind. His LoBDSHrp, standing on the north side of the stone, and having beside him the Ven. Arch deacon T wopeny and the Rev. Canon Farr, com menced the office by reading the following exhor tation : - Dearly beloved in the Lord -forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret in spiration of the Blessed Spirit, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things, have desired to erect houses for the public worship of Almighty God, and separate them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and attect their hearts with more devotion and humility in His service, which pious works have been ap proved of and graciously accepted by our Heavenly .rather. Jet us earnestly believe that He will also favourably approve this our godly pur- | pose m laying the foundation- stone of this! Cathedral Church, to be set apart for all the omcea of Divine Worship, and the daily sacrifice of prayer ; and let us faithfully and devoutly prav Him to bless and prosper this our undertaking." I XUen followed appropriate passages from the I Kubnc, the responses being chanted by the choir; j Mr. J. J Watson presiding as the harmonium. The Lords Prayer said,theS4th Psalm. "Quam ! Dilecba, the 96th, *' Cantate Domino," and the I 122nd, . JUstatus sum," were chanted, and the I Lessons from i"zra (1st c. 5 and 6 v., 2nd c. 63 and S? v., and 3rd c. 8 to 13th v.) were ieai by the i venerable Archdeacon lVopeny. ! The following Collect was next read by the I , Bishop:-"o Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the ?Laving God, who art the brightness of the Father's f'ory- and the express image of His Person, the j Chief Corner-stone hewn from the mountain : without hands, the sure foundation, strengthen I this stone about to be laid in Thy Name; and i ihou. who art the beginning and the end, by whom in the beginning God created all things, be. we beseech Thee, the beginning, the increase, and the consummation of this our work, which is under- I taken to the glory of Thy Name, who, with the ! father and the Holy Spirit, Iivest nndreignest one VxOd, world without end. Amen." "Behold i lay in Zion a chief corner-stone, elect precious, "And he that believeth in Him shall not be con founded. "Thestone which the builders refused become the head-stoue of the corner. I^This is the Lord's doing; || And it is marvellous in our eyes. " Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, " Which is Jesus Christ. Praise ye the Lord. " The Lord's name be praised." Mr. WOODS, the architect, now advanced, and handing the trowel to the Bishop in the name of the Building Committee begged his acceptance of it for use in laying the foundation-stone, and as a memento of the occasion. His Lordship having expressed the pleasure it gave him to comply, spread the morlar in the usual way, and. un ler the direction of the architect, and builder (Mr. W. lirown), the stone was lowered into its bed. This done the Bishop as founder tested the work with mallet and level sayicg whilst doing so-"In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation stone in the name of God the Father. God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Amen." Mj-Wioksteed. Secretary of Synod, next read the following statement, a copy of which, with the Ijitin translation given below, had been deposited iqt the urn placed in the cavity of the stone .In the name of the Father. Son, and Holy Ghost, the first stone of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter was laid in the year of our Lord, 1859. on St. Peter's Day. the 29th of June, by Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide, formerly a scholar of St. Peter's Loliege, Westminster; student tutor, and censor of Christchurch, Oxford; and Vicar of Ravens tiiorpe, Northamptonshire, on the 22nd anniversary of his consecration, A.D., 1847." * Hujusca £ccles:as Cathedralis Deo Creatori hospitaton banctificatori in honorem Sancti Petri mca'ffi. lapidem auBDicalem posuit festo Sancti die Junu XXIX, anno Kniseopatui ui XXIH ineunte, salutis ftlDCOCLXlX Augustus Episcopus Adelatdensts, S.T.P., Collpgii olim Saocti Petri Westmonasteriensis scholaris renins* OxoniaB DemdeOSdis Chrjsti alumnus, tutor, censor' in academia examinator, prasiicator; liavens ParochusI'')Stea ^ con"tatu ^orthamptoniensi. The 164th Hymn, from the collection ancient ana modern, beginning thus "Welove the place, O God, Wherein Thine honour dwells. The joy of Thine abode . All earthly joy excels," having been suDg, The Kev. Canon Faer read the Collects for Trinity. Good Friday, Whitsunday, St. Peter's Day. bt Simon and St. Jade, and All Saints after which the 3rd part of Hymn 142-!* Jerusalem the golden -waB sung; and the Bishop having pronounced the apostolic benediction, the cere mony closed. His Lobdship spoke somewhat as follows: Christian Friends-There are occasions when our leelings are too deep and too strong for expression and words, instead of flowing freely, seem to come drop by drop as it were from the heart's fountain: And such an occasion I deem to be this-one not of social joy, one not of political or civil rejoicing but a day on which thoughts of the deepest moment crowd in upon the heart, while we are engaged in laying the foundation-stone of a temp'e dedicated to the honour and glory of Him who fills theuniverse. who was before all time, and who nits all space-who m the beginning created all things by Jesus Chnst, and in the fulness of time Bent Him to declare His goodness and loving kindness towards fallen man; and after He had redeemed us by His precious blood-shedding on the cross-the painful, the shameful, the igno minious cross of Calvaty-He ascended up on high, ana now fills the position of a Mediator, which tie will continue to fill until that great day, when the spirits of the just made perfect-the number of his elect is completed-when all who love the Lord jnth_ a pure heart fervently will partake of the blessings o£ the beatific presence of the Ancient of Days. While engaged ir so solemn a work as this, there should be heart-searchings. and we should be ready to say, "Who are we. and what "ewe.that wise this temple to Our God?" When 1' think that two-and-twehty years aao I waa set apart as a Bishop* of tLe Church of Christ, to. set in order the things that were wanting; to strenethen the thinS, that remained;' to oversee the flock of Christ, and see thaV no part of that flock perished through oernK left without a shepherd and without a Bhen herd a care, you may easily pfesceive the deep responsibility that I undertook. At the re collectionofhow. frequently I hare come Bhort of *.fr Preasw nponrattand makes me reel humbled.. to the uust* Su^i an occasion Is 'hM. *fcen I am disposed to exclaim "Who art thou that layeth the foundatioDrstone of e& *e propose .to be the Mother-Church. ®J[ the Churches in (his land connected -with the Church of our country and of our for©-, fathers? ' But when .I thiuk of that "Stone, cut out' of the mountain without,bands-that sure foundation, -of which this is but a poor and feeble emblem, upon which he who plants his foot, or rather he whose foot is planted bf the Spirit 18 'he Kock of Ages, knowing nothmg but the cross of Christ as the foundation or his joys, his hopes, and his aspirations for time audeternity, is safe-when I feel that I have been by the mercy of God plucked as a band from the burning, and placed on that foundation, then my fears and anxieties and tremors give way to an unfaltering confidence that He wno has enabled me undertake this work will sustaiume by His power and love, and bring me through all difficul ties. .1 then cast aside all fears and anxieties, and trust in the love of God, in that full and sufficient Saviour given us m the person of God's beloved Son, True it is that the beginning of this work is but a small part of what we have to do if God permits us to fulfil what we have undertaken; bnt having waited 22 years to see this day-having received in trust gifts, donations, subscriptions in former years-I thought the time was come for me to give an account of my steward ship, sod show the people of this province con neefcea with our ancient beloved Church that I have not been an uofaithful steward of those treasures of silver and gold which had been committed to my keeping. (Hear.) But I think there are* special reasons at this epoch that call for some manifestation from us-be it great or small-that -we will serve the Lord. These are times when, like Joshua, we should say, "Choose whom ye will serve. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord. I say m these latter days, when in the spirit of Rationalistic unbelief attempts are being made to throw discredit on the sacred and inspired Word of the Living God-the foundation of our peace, our guide into the ways of eternal truth, and the only afe light that we can follow; for " who can show us any good but Thou, O God, who hath lifted up the light of thy countenance upon us" I say this is an epoch when those who love the Lord should come forward and give a token of th?1' remembrance of. him, not only iu His spiritual character, but in His incarnate presence with His people and with the Church until the enu or time. I repeat, there are reasons at this particular epoch why those who love the Lord should give visible evidence to a heathen world of their resolve to serve the Lord God - God the Father, God the bon, and God the Holy Spirit-who were osfore all time, and are beyond all space. And with that view, brethren, and to show that we are determined, by the grace of God, to hand down to our children that blessed inheritance of faith re ceived from apostolic times by perpetual succes sion, and recovered by our martyr forefathers, the Reformers, who, at the stake and with their blood, vindicated the truth of the Living God and did battle on behalf of the inspired Scriptures, we show by this stone that we are miudf ul of the blessings conferred upon our Fatherland and on the l/hurch in which we have been brought up that we are anxious to do what lies in our power to preserve those doctrines, with all the authority attaching to thein, received from an apostolic age \--to be a light in the world, exhibiting to all Churches a pure faith and a pure discipline. God grant that we may never disgrace our Oburch by laxity in respect either of doctrine or discipline; but that being putin possession of the faith handed down, not only from the earliest time, but by martyrs and confessors 300 years ago, we may never fall short of the high standard set before us. May we be faithful in forwarding the cause of our God and S mour. May we, by the grace of God and bv tlie help of His Holy Spirit, hold out the Cross of Christ as the only hope for an evil and unbelieving world, feeling convinced that it is this alone that will penetrate to the heart of man, breaking it in 6uuder, and bringing him in humble penitence and smceredesire to the feet of the Saviour, to receive from. Him the hope of salvation, and grace to help in time of need. 1 do not say this as having special reference to our own Church. for all those who hold Christ as the Head and believe in liim, to whatever party they may belong, have the promise of eternal life. But while I gladly admit that the truth of God is not confined to our Church, still we are stewards of that grace im parted to us as belonging to the Church of Jingiand, and we desire in aU friendliness of spirit, whilst holding our principles firm'y, aud with a determination not to abacdozi or sacrifice them to an unworthy compromise-(cheers)-so as we can to walk in liaruiouy with otiiers. Where we can agree with them we will do so, but not at the sacrifice of our principles. At the same time, we should endeavour by means of a holy emulation to prove that the primitive order is not inconsistent with life and activity-(Hear, hear) that while wo hold the forms of sound doctrine left us by the Apostles, or instituted by the Saviour Himself, we do not depend upon them for salva tion, but tarough them look to the Saviour, and through the Saviour to the throue of the Eternal Father. In no spirit of unholy rivalry do we place the first stone of this sac red ediG.cs. but in the hope that this Cathedral Church will prove a bond of union; that laying aside all party feeling, we will there join with each other, aud that there may thus be affjrded a foretaste of that unity which we long to see established in connec tiou with the great body of the Church of Chiist; i tuat those who have too long beeu separated by non-essential differences may be| brought tozeiher on the common foundation of Christ crucified, and be built up upon that living stone " to show forth the praises of Him who hath called us from dark ness to light." If this edifice is the means of pro ducing such a result in our Church and in the different branches of the Keformed Church holding the cardinal principle of faith in Christ as the ground of savation, we may be glad that this stone has been laid to-day, and we may hope that God will prosper the undertaking, favour that which is designed to forvard the cause of Christ, to extend the knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus, and bless the place thus dedicated to His. service, (Applause.) 1 will take this oppor tunity, your Excellency, of thauking you for your presence to-day. I do net speak of your presence as exclusively confiued to us, for I know that you and your lady are desirous of promoting the good-the religious, moral, and social good-of all wherever it is in your power to do so; but, as a member of our o <vn Church, and as a communi cant of that Church, settinc, as you do, an example m your domestic, household, social, religious, and pub:ic relationships which might weil be followed by others, we axe grateful for your presence to-day-we are grateful to have a Governor one with us in Church work. (Hear, hear.) I thank God for it. Mav He prolong your life, and enable you still to be active in promoting the cause of good both here and elsewhere (Cheers ) His EXCELLENCY said ;-My Lord Bishop, Ladies, and Gentlemen-I had not anticipated on the occasion of this solemn and beautiful religious ceremony that there would have been any call for me to make a remark, but as your Lordship has requested me, the religious ceremony beiug now ended, to offer some observations, I will say very briefly that I have come here from a deep sense of duty to take pait in this most interesting act All will remember those hallowed edifices which have for many ages stood as monuments of the piety of the English nation, which have for centuries been central places cf worship for so many millions now no more, and which at the present day are still treasured in the recollections of the people. (Cheers.) And I deeply regret that in that part of the Church with which I have been more connected-I mean the Church of Scotland-we have in modern times been so destitute of those institutions which I think of such value; but even there we have seen instances of the restoration of edifices which the piety of our forefathers had reared. (Hear, hear.) And here I will renmk as an example that I trust will not be without followers in Australia, that towards the restoring of Glasgow Cathedral, in a city which is in the very heart of a Presbyterian countrv, all sections of the Christian Church came forward and subscribed liberally. The restoration of that sacred Etructuree, like the building of the cathedral In Sydney, formed a common bond of union for all tne Churches in the diocese-not confined to the Church of England alone, but extending tlirouah all the branches c.f the Catholic Church. .V0T, the layiug of this stone is indeed a significant act. I do trust that the building of which this is the first stoae will serve to spread and perpetuate religious truth in this diocese. I do trust that it will forma gathering-point for those who ainer m non-essentials, and have earnestly the work of the Church at heart. I congratulate you. my Lord, most sincerely, and in tlib great assembly there is not oue who will not join in the congratulation-(Sear, heai)-that you iinvo seen to-day the commencement of the realization of your most earnest hopes -the first-fruits of so many exerll°us o a your part, and the placing ot the iirst stone of a monument which will remain loag after you have passed away as the first chief pastor of the Church of England in this colony, to tue honour of one who will be remembered as long as South Australia lasts. (Applause). My Lord, ^ any words of mine prolong a meeting which has been of the most solemn and interesting character; but let me express a most earnest wish that with the success which has attended this first act every stone may be laid, and that as the walls and towers and stately spires arise, the material progress of the work may be the earnest of the good which will be accomplished through its means; that within the sacred pile now about to be reared rich and poor may meet together to worship their common Maker, and that men of all parties may assemble within its walls and cement a union that will endure beyond the grave. (Loud cheers.) A collection was made, and the offerings Placed upon the stone amounted to j£56. The JVational Anthem having been sung, rounds of cheers were given for His Excellency, for Lady Mich Fergusson, and for His Lordship and Mra. {short The spectators then dispersed, but the procession reformed and proceeded to Bis hop's Court. . The arrangements for the ceremony betokened great care and forethought, and were carried out admirably. Ifoi CaIiUkg A SPADE A SPADE.-41L sec," says a contributor to the Banner of Belfast, "that a Mr. Carton Booth advertises a work on the colonies, announcing himself as an inap<vtor 0f settlement in the colony of Victoria. People open their eyes in astonishment,-and ask what office was that which Mr. Carton Booth had held. Well, then* for their information, let me tell them he was a Crown Lands Bailiff." 