News and Notes [BY A SYDNEY MAN ] Friday, January 8. AS a small unavoidable gap has again occurred in my correspondence, I start from the date of the departure of the City of Brisbane, last Tuesday. On that evening the proceedings of the Assembly occupied only a short time, bat it was long enough to admit of another censure motion being placed on the paper. Mr. Martin asked Mr. Samuel whether it was true that Mr. Duncan had been restored to bis post, and, on being answered in the affirmative, notified his intention of taking an early opportunity—per haps on the motion for going into Sup ply or Wayß and Means—to move that the House disapproves of the conduct of the Government in that matter. This notice was received with cheers by " the left," and amongst them I think I detected the sepulchral cheer of Mr. Parkes. Strange as it may appear to some that he should cheer this, considering that he professed to have resigned the Colonial Secretaryship rather than be a consenting party to Mr. Duncan's dismissal, but I'll be bound that he will find some grandiloquent sentiment —some " immortal principle" to justify him self when the time comes, for anybody with half an eye can see that he intends to vote for Mr. Martin's censure motion. That motion, however, was not brought forward on going into Committee of Supply, or Ways and Means, which occurred yesterday, of which more anon. Last Wednesday the Treasurer moved for leave to bring in his bill to enable Mr. Dun can to retire upon his superannuation allow ance. Mr. Martin intimated that he should not offer any opposition at that stage; but Fid dington, and, more savagely, Wilson, opposed the motion in limine. The result was that Bobertson, Samuel, and Forster spoke in reply, and the debate on the Duncan queetion was pre cipitated, mnch to the mortification of Mr. Martin, I think, for he could plainly see that it was unmasking the batteries he wanted to keep in reserve for the censure motion. Dr. Wil- Bon was terribly severe upon Mr. Duncan, declaring that he was entirely unfit for his office, and that his zeal in making seizures was not caused by regard for the public service, but for that part of the fine that would fall to his share. Eagar said nothing, evidently holding himself well in hand for the Ministerial Stakes, which he thinks will be run when the censure motion comes on, but which I think ought to be called the Dissolution Stakes. The bill was brought in at last, read a first time, and ordered for the second reading next Wed nesday. It strikes me that Mr. Martin will avail himself of that occasion to move his dis approval vote, by way of amendment. In the meantime, Mr. Duncan is again Collector of Customs for the present; and Messrs. Berney and Jones, after a respectful protest, have resumed their former positions. They will be restored, however, if Duncan re tires. The bill to enable him to do so is simply an adaptation of the provisions of the Superannuation Act to his particular case, giving him, however, a special advantage of two years in the matter of age; so that, though only fifty-eight years old, he is proposed to be allowed the same pension as if he were sixty. This would enable him to retire upon £700 a year, and the mosey would not be wasted, for Mr. Duncan appears to be the enfant terrible of the Treasurer's department, and to possess a happy faculty of being tnost in his glory when he is up to his neck in mischief. In supply last night merely a formal vote was taken, and the committee reported. The House then went into Ways and Means, and the Trea surer made his statement, which was bald and plain enough, and is likely to meet with a great deal of criticism. The state of the case is this: the revenue for 1869 is set down at £2,166,572, and the expenditure at £2,135,449, leaving an estimated surplus of £30,763 to be carried to the credit of the year 1870. I wish you may get it! Even if there be any such surplus, the Supplementary Estimates will more than swallow it up, though Mr. Samuel says that he has framed his Estimates-in-Chief with a special desire to avoid supplementary charges. Then there will be £100,000 of short-dated debentures falling due, which are to be met by renewing the loan, and £184,625 is also to be bor rowed for public works. This account current for 1869 commences with a clean sheet, and yet the account for 1868, instead of showing a sur plus of £17,000, as estimated by Mr. Eagar, showed a deficit of £157,454. What about this deficit ? The Opposition contend that it ought to have been carried over to the debit of 1869, according to usual practice; but Mr. Samuel proposes to deal separately with it —to meet it by further loans, and to establish a colonial funded debt, paying off £25,000 a year, when practicable, but to let 1869 stand upon its own merits. As to further taxation, the Treasurer said that when necessary it should be im posed on equitable principles. He depre cated being forced to anything further until the new Government had had a recess, when he would bring down such measures as were deemed necessary. The debate was ad journed till Wednesday next, so that the trial of the Ministry will commence again on that day, on two separate indictments. Most people heartily wish it all over, and a general election called for, which, it is believed, would not be refused by Lord Belmore. Talking of His Excellency, he has lately had a little bit of an adventure up the country, the particulars of which have been communicated to the Empire. Lord Belmore and his family, as your readers are no doubt aware, re side now at Sutton Forest, not far from the Southern Railway terminus, about eighty miles from Sydney. A few days ago the farmers of Kangaloon, in the Wingecarribee district, were surprised by seeing a dashing little four-wheeled turn-out, driven by a gentle man, and having a lady inside, and a servant behind, driving through the little village. The mounted orderly behind told at once that it was the Governor. I have said " a lady inside," but most likely the Countess rode on the box, as she usually does, by the Bide of her husband who drives; and very snug and cosy they look —the servant occupying the body of the little drag. On this occasion His Excellency, who had been paying a visit, and was returning, had taken the wrong road, and, after driv ing for some miles in the direction of the Jamberoo Mountain, fell in with some of the road authorities, who informed him of his mistake. By this time, how ever, the carriage had got into a fix amongst the rocks. The horses had to be taken out, and while the Governor took charge of them, and all the other males, including the orderly, had to set to work to get the carriage into the "fair way," the Countess was told off to duty to lead the orderly's charger—so all hands made them selves useful. The district where this occurred will one day be a source of pride to this colony. It is entirely occupied by free selectors— fine, honest, industrious, intelligent fellows, who are rapidly making "the wilderness to blos som like the rose." After the car riage had been got fairly upon the road, the Countess would not allow the people to take any further trouble, and the Earl drove off to wards Throsby Park. This little adventure will enable the Governor to form some opinion for himself as to whether the free selectors are cattle thieves and bushrangers, as some have wanted to show. The wags down here say that His Excellency was going to seek an interview with Parkea' Jamberoo ghost. By the way thut interminable Kiama mystery was before the Assembly again yesterday. The Herald had published a paragraph purporting to be an abstract of what had been done be fore the committee of inquiry upon this subject up to the present time, but it was so evidently a " cooked" affair, to serve a purpose, that Mr. Macleay brought the matter before the House yesterday, as a breach of privilege— not as a charge against the proprietors of the Herald, but because the information must have been furnished by a member of the committee, and was, moreover, falsely colored. The ob ject evidently was to show that the tendency of the evidence was convincing the committee that a Fenian conspiracy had really existed for the murder of Prince Alfred. This tendency was denied by Mr. Macleay and other members of the committee. Mr. Parkes was openly ' denounced as the author of this new plot, and he did not venture to deny ' it, but merely said that on former occa- : sions reporters of the press had been admitted ' to Select Committees, and allowed to publish the proceedings! As if this could be any ex cuse for a member of the committee, himself | interested, supplying surreptitiously a falsely , colored report to the papers, and thus endea voring to anticipate the report of the committee itself, or to cast discredit upon it when it ar rives. The subject was allowed to drop for the . present, but there can be no qnestion that i Parkes is digging his political grave as fast as he can. ; The Victorian papers to hand to-day contain an exciting account of a dreadful bush fire that occurred at Gladstone, a small mining village on Maximilian Creek, Gipps-land, on Christmas Eve. Everything belonging to the poor people was destroyed, and men, women, and children with difficulty saved their lives by huddling into drives and tunnels till the great fire had spent itself. The wild animals of the bush took to the water. One of the men at Gladstone having saved some blankets, threw them into a water-hole, but was obliged to jump after them himself, as the flames were upon him. He thus saved himself, being able to hold his head above water and kept the wet blanket over it, but he had a strange companian—a large wallaby, which shared with him exactly the same means of safety. The following is worth republishing:— " A man named Patrick Kenna relates that on Christmas Eve he was proceeding from Lee's Creek, which is fifteen miles further up in the mountains, and when within a mile of Gladstone he met the fire. Finding it impossible to make his way through the burning bush, he made all possible speed down a spur to the main (Free stone) creek, and on reaching the stream he lay down, almost fainting with the heat, close to a large sheet of water. He was not long left alone, for in a short time he was surrounded with wallabies, opossums, and pheasants, almost innumerable. Of the latter he states that he counted 217. Fourteen wild cattle also rushed down the ranges and plunged into the stream. After waiting for some time Kenna endeavored to make a passage down Freestone Creek, and after walking ten miles with a fire burning on both sides of the creek, he joined the sufferers at Gladstone." Sorry enough was I to see the report of another fire in Queen-street, but adversity tries a man as the fire tries steel, and I doubt not that the pluck which has survived so many mis fortunes will be equal to the present occasion. You will have had particulars already of the burning of St. Mary's temporary cathedral. The meeting on Tuesday evening, at St. Mary's Seminary, for the purpose of raising a rebuild ing fund, was presided over by Archbishop Polding, and largely attended. About £400 was subscribed to begin with. The whole loss is about £4000, but £1500 of this is covered by insurance. Some unworthy suspicions have been started as to the fire being the result of sectarian malice, but the inquest is now going and I do not think it will appear that there are the slightest grounds for such an imputation. The Evening News, of January 5 says :— Another heavy calamity has fallen upon the Roman Catholic community of Sydney, in the total destruction by fire of the spacious tempo rary cathedral of St. Mary's, with its varied and valuable contents, embracing almost everything that was saved from the flames when the chief edifice was destroyed on June 29, 1865. The fire was discovered about half-past 3 this (Tuesday) morning, and in less than half an-hour the fabric was level with the founda tions. The wooden material of which it was constructed, except the basement story, which was of stone, was highly inflammable from the recent dry weather; and as a north-east wind of considerable force was blowing at that time, the flames spread with unparalleled rapidity. The origin of the fire seems at present to be involved in mystery. Three persons, named re spectively John Kiernan (sacristan), Patrick O'Rourke, cathedral cleaner, and James Ryan, a groom, slept upon the premises, and it ia re ported by them that when they retired to rest, the doors and windows were all fastened, the lights thoroughly extinguished, and everything perfectly safe. One of them, Kiernan, was awoke, as near as he can recollect, about half past 3 o'clock, by a crackling noise, and suffo cating smoke; on rising and looking into the interior of the building he saw that the Cathe dral was in flames. He instantly aroused his companions, and they set to work and got out the Church Registers, with which they had just cleared out of the building, when Constable Chapman, the officer on the beat, arrived. The constable, it should be noted, had passed the Cathedral on his round, at about a quarter to 3, and perceived no signs of fire then, although he particularly noticed the place in passing. In traversing his beat he had occasion to go into Dowling-street, when he saw the reflection of fire inside the edifice through the windows of the building, and returning found the fire was raging with great fury, and the parties escaping with the registers as above related. Two steam engines, the manual, and the handreels of the Insurance Company Fire Brigade were upon the spot almost immediately after the alarm was given. The members of the two Volunteer companies, with their appliances, were also speedily in attendance, but could not render much service as they had not sufficient hose. At this time the flames were flaring in danger ous proximity to the stables on the south side of the quadrangle, when a party of men, headed by Messrs. O'Neill and Moore, the latter of whom is a member of No. 2 Company, took out the horses and led them to a place of safety. The carriages were left in the coach-house, as they would probably have been broken to pieces if any attempt had been made to remove them. The flames, however, were fortunately confined to the main building, which presented this morning a most desolate appearance—the whole of the woodwork down to the stone founda tions had disappeared, and was utterly con sumed ; excepting in one or two places where the timber used in the construction of the building was rather thicker than usual, and which still continues smouldering, nothing but ashes remained. It would seem that the fire broke out in or near the choir, or the organ loft on the south side of the edifice. One very remarkable cir cumstance was noticed shortly after the destruc tion of the roof. The gas exuding from a pipe near the meter waa perceived to be burning. A constable went to the box in which the meter was fixed, and found the gas was turned full on. In the offices attached to the Cathedral there were two iron safes, one of which watt much injured. Its contents were for the most part destroyed. The other is still surrounded by burning debris, and being almost red hot has not of course been yet examined. The building was insured with the United Insurance Com pany for £1500, of which £500 was re-insured. It is almost impossible to estimate in money the loss sustained by the destruction of ecclesias tical property contained in the edifice. The Archbishop'B vestments, and the vestments of the clergy were of the estimated value of £1000, and fully £500 worth more had been purchased since the great conflagration. The organ was not an expensive one, and its prime cost was about £300, but the loft contained £100 worth of music, saved in 1865, to which had been added a large selection of masses, &0., with full orcehstral accompaniments, bringing the value up to about £500. The total loss by the fire is estimated at from £4000 to £5000. Among the debris discovered under the site of the altar was a silver trowel. This trowel was the one used at the laying of the founda tion-stone of St. John's College, and was tole rably well preserved, considering the calcining process it had undergone. The cost of the temporary cathedral was estimated at over £2,000, so that, exclusive of the fittings, furniture, &c;, the insurance will not cover the loss by a considerable amount. The registry books that were fortunately saved were transferred to the Church of the Sacred Heart. The three persons who were on the premises when the fire broke out all slept in rooms near the east end of the building—Ryan and O'Rourke in rooms in the stone-built base ment, and Kiernan in the sacristy or office on a level with the floor of the main building. Kier nan, who was alarmed by the flames before the others, states that when he first saw the fire it appeared on the south side of the cathedral near the west side of the choir. Others who saw the fire from the outside state that it appeared to be not in the choir, but a little to the west of it, when they first saw it. There had been no ser vice in the cathedral nor any occasion for lights since Sunday evening. Those who Blept on the premises state that when they retired to rest all lights were put out in their rooms ; and it is i evident that from whatever cause the fire origi nated it did not commence in the part occupied as sleeping apartments. The remains of the ecclesiastical dresses and : furniture, books, &c;, are Btill to be seen smoul ! dering in heaps between the foundation walls, ; where they fell when the floors were consumed. ; Many of the vestments being of silk, a fabric very incombustible, particularly when lying in 1 heavy folds or closely packed, accounts for their ! partial escape for a time from the rapid destruc ! tion which overtook the building. i A not unnatural, but, we believe, s very un : founded suspicion appears to pervade the minds , of many Roman Catholics—viz., that the fire < was the work of an incendiary, prompted by I sectarian animosity. 