'-????:v:fjjf^W Whatever other charges may be ran Te ngdust the Victorian playgoer it cannot at leest bo said ; that ho is at all times indifferent to the oibims ; of merit. He has hii likes and d slikes, but in the 'main he is an butspoktri, honest sort of fellow who gives in his adherence to, or bis condemnation of, an actor at oner. la the case of Herr Bandmann, howover, I am not ? bo sure that he has. jet arrived at a denuitu opinion. The fact of the , matter is that that gentleman has come upon us, as a mysttry. We did pur boat to understand and appreoiati his Nircisse, but we failed in somo dtgreo in both. When ho essays Hamlet he appeals to us so nearly that we ara bound to prcnounoe difi nitely for or against him. Iu this part he at ? once takes a stand alongside of those land marks wo have of the character, such as Keau, j Warner, Brooke, or Aaderaon, and he says iu so many words, ll I, a for.ij'uer, whoso acquaintance with your tongue is necesssarily j imperfect, come to you with my version j of your great poet's creation, and I ask for your verdiot.' Having challenged it. he must not object if we respond to his invitation. In i doing bo, let it be understood that ;wo wi»h to : treat of hia Hamlet solely from our own stan/i- ] point, and without regard to the school in; whioh he had studied., ; To-dny, there is hardly an Englishman who caa read who ha-i not formed his estimate of, Hamlet's character—1 hardly one wbo has not at one time or' other of -? Wb lifo conceived an ideal Prinoe of Denmark.! Some -have found it in the new sohool of frip-, pery, others go back to the, days of the cold severity of the Vandenhoffd, arid therda they; see excellence. These are they that belie va that under any oirourostances, and however temj ted, Hamlet was a man great in his manhood.! As presented by Herr Bandmann he is a man! wrapped in a gloom whioh from the first is im-i penetrable, but nevcriheliss a man. Sach-a; man, indeed, whose carder once become io-; terested in you would have a difficulty to re-' fraja from following, and ha\iig once rekolved; to follow it you would perforce lave to go on to, the ; end. Ycst for all ttis fche performance; Lj the must strikingly - unequal we have ever had presented to us ; and herein, perhap?, is one of its greatest charms, for its inequality; j amps well with the1 difls;rent phases of Ham-| let's mind during the period whioh elapses; fu..u 11 ? til ? L' _!_:i. IB 11. ~ ? UahL l~ it,a 4^..^V iroin mo ursi visit ox me guuBt iiu mo uuui catastrophe. You cannot imagine a Hamlet always strung to a high declamatory power, any more than you can imigine him so much! tho master of himself as to be able to wipe his nose during the interview with his father's shade. We have, in Herri Bandmann'a Ham let, an impassioned, living being, who is im bued but with one idea— that is fixed. He sees in himself only a Vengeance. His heart tells him, even before the supernal visitation, that there is some mystery behind the gulden death of his father, and the rquaMyas sudden elevation of his uncle to the throne of Don mark. When he hears of the murder, his mind becomes filled, with but one object. Hia ..dreams, waking as well as sleepiug, are of blood, bloody. He broods over his own and his father's wrongs till by their side every thing else becomes a mere atom of insigniti* oance. Even bis love for Ophelia is forgotten, and his word is indeed 'A8HU, Adieu, re* * member'me.' ' These last words of the ghostly visitant are the key-note to Hamlet's character, as portrayed, by Herr Bdrid mann. From the time ho hears them to. the end, he -has bat one fixed idea, and the rest of bis life is a weary blank. Ha endures with patience the platitudes. of Polonins, he listens to the declamations of the plajer with weaiiaesa, but he rouses to vehe mence when denouncing the villain who bad worked so much mischief on him and bis. He is tinder with Ophelia, even while he does not fail to convey her the idea of his madness ;' be is almost sublime in his exultation when he discovers that the ghost he has seen is honest ; he steals with the feline step of a cougar on tho kneeling king. He hesitates as to wuethcr ho will send him Heavenward or no ; and, in the scone with bis mother, he is the dignified representative of a murdered father, armed with terrible power, which he wields with terrible effect. From this, Hamlet becomes a passive agent ia the hands of the king or des tiny; and at this point, strange to say, there is no more vitality in Horr Bandmann's Jiamiet. xa rns scene wnn tno uraveeugger the point of his dialogue is lost sight of, and in his reproaches to Laertes there is too much of the common- place vehemence to which I have already referred. There is a lack of true poetic meaning in his later scenes, whioh, having in view the excellence of what has gone before, one is at' a loss to acoonnt for. The philosophy whioh has carried him thus far on his way seems to fail him at tho last moment, and there is no hope- in his death. He seems to accept in its dreariest meaning the last ex clamation of his life, and he sinks to rest on the stago like a man thoroughly spirit worn and VlUaVUt WUU ID UiUDOU UUUbOJUU IU UUUD|flt lUUb sleep C3 the final one of all. Perhaps, read by the precedent passages,' this is the correct ac ceptation; but hero I am bound to confess I like tho aotor lenbt. In presenting ' Ham?et' to us, Herr Bandmann has made many altera tions from' the text aa it has been transmitted to us by stage tradition1. Not the lenst striking is that which gives us tho Princo in a pair of black kid gloves'. Doubtlcep, black gloves arc fitting types of the mourning of to-day, but whether they were of the period of whioh Shakespeare wrote is another matter. I om inclined to think they are not, or that indefatigable eearober after ' dead faols(if 'faots'can'e'ver die), 'Mr'Clikiflos Kean, would have found it out. ? Howevtr, correct or inooirect, I om inclined to the idta us a good one, an I as giving a more Bombtts tone to a picture, which of itself is solenmin itBSombroness. His dialogue iu the earlier scenes is marked by no distinctive fealuro. , He heara the news of his father's apparition very inuob us a matter of coarse, and bis only desire then iu for tho night. He is impatient even of converse, and he shows -it by his hurriid pacing to and fro, while yet Horatio aiud Murcellns are with him. So when the night has1 come, he joins ia the conversation a3 a mere mutter of course. H^S'tonbuevDOiiks. but his ' xui'id.-.is away in the realms of the mystic , and the uuknown. Ho is conjuring to himself the apparition w'aioh ia so soon to be visible to his oyea, and bis eager impalisinco tj babiold it is well conyiyed by bis rapid movement to an.l fro.' Hisabjara tion to the Ghost was full of the touderest pathoB, and was well followed by hio reckless assertion of fearltasness. He breaks from the hands of bis friends with the exclamation, 'I' say, away,' and then tarniug half reverently, j haif-dt'fiiutly to the Ghost* bids him on, and he will folio iv. As the fi^uro gotB away into the darkness of the night he is seized by a sudden foar, and.tha wordB. of Horatio— Whit ifitteuiptyou towirditUe flood, my Lard, . seem to come to his mind. He shudders at .the thought, bat sees in (he cross on his sword, protection against tvil spirits of all sorts, aud so ho plunges ut once into the: night. When the scene drawn off,' and the GhpBt is next discovered,, ' he is; standing1; in the full glare' of' a weird i 'light beneath the' aroh of an ivied tower, arid Hainltt is hid by the gloom, out of whioh he fitfully aud very melodramu fcioaUy uho ws himself. The idea of this scene is - videnUy itaken from Verdi'a opera of ' Macbeth.' Noverthelees' it is . very well managed, andJa, ,effeoti ve, because , it gives to , tha actor \v. io i plays the Ghost the. prominence which ia his undoubted due. Hamlet rec ives the newi of his futhoi'a murder with .a terrible emotion, and he breathes his curses of vengaanoj v«ry muoh as if he meant to carry them oat. la Herr Bandmann'a hands the soene afturwards is heightened in its intensity by the restoration: of the passages iu which the Ghost is heard from beneath the 6tage. These ere Hpoken by him with true poetic feeling. Thieru is a fall to -the level ©f the deadest mediocrity, throughout the whole of the second aot, and it is not till the scene with Ophelia that he rises to anything like the exoellenoe of which, in the first act, he. gives so much promise. This scene he plays delicately and with true feeling, but , wo, doubt if rho gives reason enough for his cruelty to the girl, or for. hia after relenting. For a ti- erman, the in Btrnotions to the players we're' woll given. In- the' play soene Horr Baudmaun in troduces a questionable innovation. While the action 6' the minor drama ia Viug proceeded with, he turns his back on tbo stage and occupies himself with a manuscript which, we presu-ne, i* intenied to be one of the play. In doing so, though be no doubt follows the example of many very eminent modern critics, we doubt if he is justi fied. In the first place, saoh conduot would be safe to. arouse, the half-awakened suspicions of the king before the time for the denouement; and, in the second, it was nothing more nor less than a downright piece of rudeness to Ophelia, at whoso feet he has thrown himself in the very spirit of perversity. The exultant; almost demoniacal joy with which ho sees all his forebodings confirmed, however, must make amends for any shortcomings here — so ? hia passage to the Queen's oloaot is marked by a splendid bit of purely melodramatic acting. Hamlet creeping warily towards his uncle to rid him of his life, looks, ia Herr Bjtndmanu.'* hands, like one of the lost spirits seeking a solution of his soul's perplexity. The soene with the Queen, apart altogether, from thortage arrangements, whioh are as novel as effective, is one grand effort from first io last. Ho stands before his mother with the' exolamatian, Now thothor, what's tho matter ? not with' the petulance of a ohid-boy, but with the grandeur of a determined nun iu whoso sorrowful hands is vengeance. He draws a terrible piotare to her of her sin ; and, carried away by the vehemence of his passion, menaces the portra;t of the king regnant. Aa he reaoheB the climax, : ^ : , . A king of shreds and pa'cho?, : he tears from his mother's nook her piotare ia little; of her husband, and' hurls it at the picture defiantly. As he does se the Ghost conus through the portrait, and a. tableau of a very thrilling obaraoter follows. Iastoad of fiaishing the scene as usual, the Queen does not leave the chamber. To herH*miet,in a voice, soft, melodious arid dpologetio, spoaks tho line-r Imust be i cruel odly tobskldd. ' ; , Then turning to tho 'corf so of Polonian, be ex olaimF, 'Thus bad brgina.' 'Tha' ''re- mainder of the' line is spoken threateningly ito his uncle's piotare. Leaving outi all tb'e' next epeeohes as printed io the text, he tuins' ou this, and rushes'irito his mothor'o arm i with '. ' . .'Gt.io'd night,' ir other.'! '..,;. The:efftict of thia conclusion is thrilling in tho extremr, and the wholo scone is highly wrought and magnificently aoted. . Ou the wholo, Herr Bandmaun's . Hamlot may be recommended for its manliness, and its tenderness. It is unequal, but in that lies its charm. No student of Shakspearo should misa seeing it. It has Striking 'fault',' ' as _ all Hamleto mnnt of necessity have, ' bat it is fresb, vigorous and wholesome,' arid; aa1 Buoh we eheolci cot fail ? ? to '? appreciate it. Misa ETaus'sOplIolia' I ciicriot do -'. justice to in the epaco lo't me. ? It, wao the realisation of . ihis nioBt del:cately paiuted f Shokspeare'ti heroines. Its beauties were: too refill'. d to bo seen by aiy but an eduoated miad ; but for exqu;site Htnuing, oommrnd me to th:s perforinauoe. The fiuer lin^s of .the character wero ' brongl.t into pl-jy with the baud of a true attist, aod the story of the huplegs mai I'd life was 'told in the one wail of anguish wbich escaped from her broken heart as she was led out by the Q'teen. That little bit of nature stamped the aotrBBS, aud Mi« Evans can rest assured that no effort of malignancy can displace her from the position she has now taken in the « stima- t ion of tho Melbourne public. Sinoe the da-s of Ellen Mortyn no greater Buccesa has been aohieved here. - .? ? - , ' . . . ,: M. Lowins Ky, an eminent and accom plished Gvraiau actor w.s lately on a visit to E gland, aud daring bis stay in London he wan tempted by that it'oig professioual interest whioli rnakea every player a plav-yoer when ever he is not on. the stagp, tojudge {or him- ( self Ike condition of his art in the country of Shakespeare and of S jeridnti. An ingenuoud . catiffe at-kod him what he thought of the pre- j sei.t state of the dramatic art in England. ?? ' Dramatic art ! ' he exclaimed, ' where is it ? I can fiad none. I was recommended to go to two. particu'ar theatres whcre.the beBt aotiwfrin London was to bo Been. At one of thorn I saw a series; of pretty drawing-room charades, per- ; formed by a' company whose highest amliiion seem d to be to resambie amateurs aq much as p6unit)l(-, aiid who certaibly suoooeded in doing; so. A another I witnegaed tho peiformaube .of ouu of tho m^st brilliant of your comedies, ? . by a set of worthy artists (rxvsuse the word I), iu whom, uoii -ing . wus so remarkable as th« utter provincialism (you underataud whit I rn(a ) of tboir- accent, inannern, dress and dmniiiior. Quly tell me where, in thia ruetrq-. pol s I can fii-i on the stage something better than boiaturuus awagger, or viilgur grimace1, or sbam amateurs; something like' intelligence, instruction, reept-ct for art aud for the edu cated public. . To bo anre, this is not pl»y-going| weaUiHr, hut it is what you call' the aeaaon,' is; it riot ?' It i* very much to be feared that tb'estatementB he made are not very far from i the truth. , . ' , ,0a Thursday tho 5th Au^ustj '0 d Drury' unoloaod its portals for the Beason. Disregard-: iag for tho none* the oluitns rtf the so-called 'legitimate1' drama (aaya the Era),'. Mr. Gbattfrton has aqcompauied the experiment of opening the theatre iu August by a trial of the ' sens itioual ' sjhodl of pieces, ani as it oau scarcely be doubted - that - tragedies, in wirm weathur, are not' precisely in accordance with ., tho tanteB of a perspiring play-going public; the chatigo in the style of entertainment will be by no means displeasing to the multitutie. Accar.Hiig to the announcement wuich. baa for aomn nrkn^.f.tiH iinnf' nt.f.: n .^f.pfi fViA rttt.Ant.inn tA every pusHenger throu»ri Brydges Btroet, the uewdiana is from the practised pen of Mr Diuu B^uoioault, a nnstcr of the resource's of tho stage, aud whose fertility in d^v'sing fr- s'i co'iibiuutioDS of incident, would aocm to be iu exhausti le. The title, we may as well say at ouco, Lub no ri f rence to the winner of laat yeai'ii ' Ooka ' ony more thau to the island in the Cuini Seas. ' Formosa ; or,, the fiuilroad to R lin,' is a four-act drama, which may be regarded as a compunion to the famous dramatic picture -:f 'Flying Scudj' the -popularity of which it bids fair to emulate. In the former piece, it will be .remomhered, ' the Der'-j ' was the great pictorial feature. In the present drama it -s the 'Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race.' The drama, which commenced at eight, was over by eleven, aud the Lest praise we can bestow in to Bay t'ae audience had not a dull minute during the three Loirs. -The dialogue sparkles with point, and the in cidents folio v each other with the utmost rapidity. The piece if, moreover, admirably pluyod by oil concerned. The applause throughout the evening was continuous, and it had the value of being also thoroughly de served. ?. . . , ?..,...'., ? ? i AUTOLYCUS. i 