THE Al HE HOYA L. HERR BANDMANN AS "HAMLET." | As might have been expected, there was a crowded house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, for curiosity had reached its extreme limits, and among theatre-goers all that day the question had been, " What sort of a Hamlet do you think we shall have to- night?" And, indeed, it is to the credit of this community that, notwithstanding the alleged decadence of the drama, and the understood preference given to a subordinate class of amusements, so much real interest should be found to exist the subject of one of the grandest examples of the poetic drama' It testifies to the really healthful condition both of the taste and intelligence of the public of this city. Herr Bandmann is to be congratulated upon having added one more to the many successes that have been achieved on the Melbourne stage. His Hamlet is altogether an admirable piece of acting, and in parts it presents indications of such remarkable for co and finish as to demand unqualified praise. It is obviously the work of an enthusiastic Shakspearian student who has applied himself to his work with a pure endeavour to gather the true moaning of his great author. Earnestness and intensity are the leading characteristics of Herr Bandmann Hamlet, and he has obviously determined to neglect nothing which might help him to an embodiment of this conception of it. It appears as if he had determined that the keynote of Hamlet's feelings should be his overmastering grief for the loss of his father. The first words he speaks, " A little more than kin, and less than kind, were uttered with an effort of overladen sorrow that pointed conclusively to the master passion in obedience to which all his subsequent action is shaped. His mind, from that moment, seems incapable of direct- - ing itself to any employment save that of brooding over his father's death. His grief colours all his being, and his sadness, though varied by moments of tranquillity, is never absent. There thus comes about a singular unity of effect, and the character thereby acquires a more coherent embodiment than it is frequently found to possess. Herr Bandmann, with true artistic instinct, has formed his estimate of the whole character before marking out its details ; but having once determined upon what should be its distinguishing tone, the subordinate gradations could all the more completely, and harmoniously be worked in, and even the occasionally strong, and sometimes almost startling, contrasts introduced, in no, wise destroy the oneness of effect. One incidental result of this prevalence of a special influence is that the vacillating part of Hamlet's disposition finds a practical explanation. His sorrowing love for his dead father renders him sometimes forgetful, or at least not strongly conscious of his purpose of revenge. He is overwhelmed with grief a speech seems tiresome to him, and action a painful effort. He moves as in a waking dream for ever I brooding upon the great loss he has expo- I rienced. He \ critics exactly his description I of himself when he saw?; a have of late lost, all mvmirth, foregone. 'ill custom of exercises.' The clearness with wh. '"II Hear I5a»<lmaan permitted it to be shown that this "aMottstii of sorrow dulled the frenzy ' of. yeaßR. demonstrated the thoroughness With such he had applied himself to thoanaly»flcalstud5'of the character. As to the details IN displays in filling in the picture, very much myth'' he said. He uses with excellent results via materials of elocutionary inflexion for giving' particular emphasis, and his "business" in the port is to a large extent novel, and, in all instances, dictated by a distinct purpose. The arrangement and management of the ghost ! scene, for example, is surpassingly picturesque. When the flatter accompanying the first episode in the ghost interview are drawn back, the ghost is seen to be standing within the archway of a tower" and the realm of the stage, which is generally occupied by a moonlight' " backing," is entirely dark, but through the darkness appears the face of Hamlet, upon which the moonlight is- made to play. The whole effect of this contrivance, showing, as it does, all the facial movements of the terrified' listener, is in the highest degree striking and impressive. The ghost is made to descend' through a trap instead of backing off, as is' usually the method, and Hamlet then comes out of the darkness, and sinks exhausted' upon a bench at the foot of the tower. The utter bodily prostration shown by this' action conveys the most perfect impression of the mental strain to which Hamlet has been subjected. The continued torpor occasioned by the appearance of the ghost is further expressed in the delivery of the passage, "There's ne'er a villain, dwelling in all Denmark, but he's an arrant knave," by a furtive look at the archway after the word Denmark," as if the recollection of his dis- embodied visitor at once restrained Hamlet norn further confidence with Horatio and the rest. Herr Bandmann is to be complimented for his restoration of the complete passage spoken during the adjuration to secresy. Of late years it has been too much the custom to omit the badinage on the two first occasion of the ghost's pronouncing the word "Swear," as being out of harmony with the solemnity of the scene. But Herr Bind mann, with a correct Shakspearian estimate of the reason which prompted Shakspeare to insert them, makes use of them, and with the happiest effect, for they undoubtedly in- tensify the fearful reverence of the final in treaty, "Rest, rest, perturbed spirit " But Herr Bandmann has restored more than this, no has replaced the whole of the scene in the third act wherein the King essays to pray and hamlet is prompted to stab him as he prays. It is inconceivable that this scene should ever have been omitted, and now that it has been shown with what excellent effect it can be used, it is to be hoped that its excision will be a thing of the post. Herr Bandmann has also restored the last scene of the fifth act, bringing in Eortinbras and his martial speech. The contrast furnished by the marching of a military train in upon the scene of death tempers its gloom, and produces a far from disagreeable feeling of relief. But the special point of all made by Herr Bandmann is in the queen's closet scene. He adopts the arrangement made use of by Mr. Barry Sullivan, of having oak-wainscoting round the apartment, and the panels filled with portraits, During the delivery of the speech beginning " A murderer and a vil- lain," he gradually approaches the portrait of his uncle, as if he would thrust his sword through it. The climax of his anger is reached, as usual, at the words, "A king of shreds and patches, and at that moment the ghost comes through the picture in the way we have before seen it done ; but Hen- Baud mann's acting at this juncture is of a kind to startle the most apathetic into enthusiasm. He falls back prostrate on the ground, and the whole situation is of that electrically enthralling kind which no words can possibly describe. The intense earnestness which is such a leading characteristic of his manner is shown in its most exalted degree, and he yet uses it with a ' dis- ci ction utterly remote from undue excess. If the audience had been undecided about Herr Bandmann's merits up to that moment which, however, they were not-they could not have failed then to make up their minds. The applause was unbounded and sustained, and, we have no hesitation in saying, heartily deserved. Of the whole of the third act, indeed, much might be said in detail upon the powerful acting of Herr Bandmann. . Briefly summarised, he maybe described as thoroughly saturated with the true Shakspearian spirit. Every word of the text had obviously been narrowly examined with a view to the possibility of making it tell the better on the audience, and, this condition fulfilled, the entire subjection of the actor to the exigencies of the character sufficed for all the rest. In fine, Herr Bandmann performance of Hamlet, and the enthusiasm with which it was received, are events which greatly help us in the belief that the decadence of the true drama is an apprehension for which there are no sufficient grounds, and that the belief that accomplished actors have passed away is equally baseless. Herr Bandmann. is a worthy successor to the great names that have gone before him, and he is no less worthy to companion those who still remain in the world. There is little to be said concerning the rest of the cast, which, with the exception of Miss Evan's Ophelia, was the same as it has been on former occasions and of Miss Evans's Ophelia all that can in praise of it be said is, that she has an extremely interesting face, which suits the part of Ophelia exactly. 