HARD-UP PAPERS. HERE i6 a column in the Argus under the heading 6f " Money" which I am very fond of reading. Such a kiMly spirit pervades it that its most proper heading would be « Philanthropic." How the advertisers vie with each other to do all hard-up people a good turn. The public benefit would appear to be the only interest looked after by the advertisers. Any one and every one can have money just as they like, in large or small sums, extending from one to five figures, and pay it back just when they like and how they like. How enticing it is ! How I wish that I had a bill of exchange or other security—a stock-in-trade or furniture. If I only had the ghost of a chance of a legacy, or a reversionary interest, what a happy man I should be! It would not be long before I should accept one of the good-natured offers I love to read. Alas ! I am too far gone in hardupedness to reap any benefit beyond perusal from the money column of the Argus now. Time was when some of the kind agents took me by the hand. What nice people they were ! I wanted just £20. I got £13 5s. after the expenditure of fourteen days in negotiation, and gave a written something for £28, payable in two months, accompanied by a valuable watch as collateral security. My first friend was a dark individual, perspiring with benevolence in a "cell amongst a number of offices. The cell was so small, and so full of tobacco-smoke and papers, that to transact the kincfness I wanted, my friend took me into the street, thence into a public-house to be private; from there we went to an. agent, who took us to a solicitor, who gave us a note to a barber residing in one of the suburbs. The two philanthropists never left me. We went to the barber, who, kind crcature, offered to cut our hairs during negotiations. The agent and I submitted to the scissors. My perspiring friend had " a scrape." I paid for all, the barber promising to see the agent in the morning. After fourteen days of drinks, luncheons, &c.;, I had the £13 5s. in hand. Since that time I have never had a valuable watch to leave as collateral security, or the same kind friends would doubtless do me the same good turn. I wonder how many there are in Melbourne who do this " good by stealth." (Mem.—There is room for a joke here, but let it pass.) Strange to say, the class is composed of hard-ups. They pass the whole day trying to do good to others, and are so unselfish that they never appear to do any to themselves. I know a long one who is always rushing about town, offering money frantically. He calls himself a money-broker, and was initiated in the business about two years since, when he broke himself. This long one's existence is comprised of offerings—fabulous sums. This long one has a nose to poke into another's woes. (Mem.—Poetry again.) If a tradesman cannot pay his wages, the long one smells him out, and helps him. If a Government officer wishes to buy an opera ticket, and is not in funds, the long one, like a worthy waiter, takes his orders. (Mem.—On the Treasury.) The long one is as a stormy petrel—he only appears in rough weather; he skims over the breakers, and makes believe he is doing a heap of good in keeping heads above water. 0! but he is a long one! There is poor BILSON, does he not know the long one? Through his kindness, pooT BILSON never now spends more than a third of his salary. Is not that economical? And the day may come when economy will become so chronic with BILSON that he will pay the long one to draw his salary for him. BILSON was introduced by the long one to CAPITAL, and has drifted into what extravagant people may call a most pitiable position. He goes through the streets a glittering victim, an awful sacrifice, the latest instance of CAPITAL punishment. (Mem.—BILSON'S own miserable joke.) He is watched by the long one. He is afraid to stay away from the office, for fear that the long one should go and inquire why he is away. He is afraid to put on new clothes, because the long one would make remarks upon the expenditure. Socks are BILSON'S only luxury now; for, as he says, " My boots are not yet so bad that the long one's nose can tell what I wear inside them." Can any one be pictured more hard up than BILSON ? Yet he goes smiling to the office, with a flower in his button-hole; has his gaieties and his joke, and waits for the end of the month as joyously as did the suspected ones in the Conciergerie when waiting for their names to be called to lose their heads—the only difference being that one day there will be a rumbling, BILSON'S name will be called, but instead of his head being taken off r he will be taken off from his head. (Mem.—Of department.) The long one will then go about deploring the way he has been robbed; yet the money-column of the Argus will not shorten, but remain the standby of the hard-up, the sheet-anchor of the educated poor ! 