Man of mettle heart of oak, Dauntless as Augustus Mayhew,. .Prigging some one else's joke. The piece is decidedly:'inferior to most produc tions of the kind; there is scatrcely agood pun in it, and a great want of the word torturing; e1 cruciating-play- upon words, that, as it: were " double you up -like -a jaca knife," Only one. small bit of humor has becomea stock quotation amongst "funny -men," -the last` two lines of Faust's soliloquy-: * * Twinkle, Twinkle, little star, I don't care tivopen;e w!hat the deuce you are, but it has the advantage of simpliciy, not re quiring so many " properties " or. accessories, the' attenditnce oi fairies, &c;:" It is a bold thing for the manager of an amateur company to put a-burlesque-on the stage, the .dialogue requires to run so smoothly, in order that the audience' may catch-the " points,"'' and the absence of the: act drop throughout the piece; all tend to render a burlesque a difficult perforimanice even iwith a. good professional company.- It is well kndwn that London is the home of burlesque, as Paris is' of vaudo ville. As Offenbach's operas are billon heard to perfection in Paris, so the burlesques of. Brough, Byron, et hoc genus omne- are only ren-, dered properly in London ; ask any man who has frequented the Strand, Adelphi, Olyinpic, or Lyceum theatres what he thinks of a burlesque' as performed in Melbourne or-Sydney, and if he is impartial.and unbiassed, he will owi they are only make-shifts, the " supers " are not to be. got, starvation is, (thank God) not :common enough to'induce clever people to. enact. minor parts, and" supers " are the life and soul of a buriesquie; as the bellows-blower said to.the organist, "say we did it, or. I'll stop blowing." -Another. disadvantage the Company- labored under was that the performance of Tuesday was the inauguration of burlesque in this colony, and the taste fos burlesque is like that for claret and truffles, acquired. The Strand, which is the con stant burlesque house in London, rarely raising its curtain to anything else, has its frequenters' who rarely visit any other class of performiance. Many eminent critics strongly condeliin the taste for burlesquing plays and classical works, ac cuse the writers of pandering to an- unhealthy taste, and declare that it i4 only fear of popular indignation keeps them from extriacting from Holy Writ in order to turni it into ridicule. If it requires nerve on the "part of a manager to mount a burlesque, it is an equally hold under taking for an amateur to.take a part in it, inas much a. lie has no model to take for his guid ance without he has seen the-part played before and simply imitates it. If an- actor is '" cast " for a part in a farce or comedy he has his model, he is merely a stage representative of an indi vidual whether nobleman, sweep,- dustman, hat ter, &c;:, but' it is not so in burlesqe, take for example Mephistopheles; how is he to-be pour trayed ? ' You cannot take as a model Giethe's metaphysical creation, Milton's sublime conicep tion, or Gounod's musical rendering 'of the cha- racter, and even if you selected one of the three how is it to be played or ridiculed ?. Burnand gives you certain words and " directions for the business; " but no clue to the " character," and every actor knows the impdortance of ldsing his. own identity, and playing as if he were the per-. son he represented. Every burlesque, or indeed play sent from London to a' provincial or colo nial theatre is accompanied by voluminous'notesa describing minutely every bit-of business, " situ ation '" or " gag " introduced, and iiot' written by the author, independent of the printed stage di rections, carefully compiled 'by a theatrical agent, who watches the representation for the purpose, and in case of the drama or bufrlesque being what is termed "-spectacular," a coniplete model of all extra mechanical contrivances is also sent. It is therefore greatly to the credit of our towrnsinen, that lacking all these they succeeded "in playing an indifferent burlesquie, not only creditably but actiially well'. he piece begins with a chorus of students: at the wings interrupting Faust (Mr. J.Pearce) "in a brown study while the book is read." Fauist, I suppose out of a rather equivocal' compliment to the Cambridge students is represented by the author as a College tutor, although Mr. Pearce dresses the part more as an iastrologer or priest, in a long flowing red and black robe, in order to hide his dress, as the lover of Imogene. He ex presses Faust's longing for youth and the futi lity of scientific pursuits to reconcile him to ad vanced years, very carefully;, but certainly not an old man, even a burlesque old man ; but the part till he is transformed by Mephistopheles into a young'gallant, is small and unimportant, and he may not care to' introduce the conven tional stage cough and quavering voice. It is not till he ip quickly and cleverly changed that he shows out as a studied actor; he looks and dresses his part, which is'a great thing-young, dashing,- impetuous, :ready to rush away and languish at Imogene's feet; his surprise and de light is well expressed ; he stretches his arms as if youth and strength were new to him, letting the sudden transformation from senility` to ju venescence be sEaE even without words and that too,. without over-doing it. The part as a true burlesque, should be to change Faust the learned pundit into a knock.kneed costermonger with a bird's eye choker, (but of course-unison is sacrificed for effect). Mr. S. Solomon on enter ing as Alonzo, received a round of applause; he is laboring under the effect of the " cheese of course and not the wine." having just returned from a college supper. The intoxication is per. 'haps over-acted, and the return to conscious so briety rather too sudden. But who shall put bounds to passion in burlesque ? If Mr. Solo mon has any faultitis acting too well--his decla mation (which in London is generally a carica ture of some popular actor in the original part), is rather legitimate pathos than burlesque; he does not tear the very passion to tatters, his grief at parting from Imogere is too real, no mockery of woe-it is Claude Melnotte leaving Pauline. His description of the youthful sports of Imogene and himself was really touching as well as amusing, the language in itself is good, and the rendering shows a careful study not only of the whole speech but of each particular word. Mr. Oliver's M1ephistopheles was his own concep tion, faulty in mnany instances, but on the whole good, the attetudenising, dress, manner, andbye play was perhaps better than the part itself, he let the man be seen too plainly through the actor, Meplhiistopheles making his exit was Mr. Oliver walking leisurely down the street; still as an amateur his play is excellent. Not the least ef fective scene of the travestie was that in which he stands in the background while Faust is making love to Imnogene, the Mephlstophelian attitude was correct, and the few caustic re marks well thrown in as they should be; the dia bolical calculating sinister expression of the enemy of mankind was well pourtrayed. Whend lie taunts Faust till he draws his sword-as if to sheath it in his body, the contemptuous sneer and:absence of all-fear is very natural, probably acquired when seeing sometlhing 'far diffeient to the mere mimicry of war.r. Mr. Samson's Imogene was astonishing; it is to be regretted that alna teurs will not sacrifice their hirsute appendages, and prescont the Slim Jim appearance of Mr, Hlo\son, bfit anyone who has the pleasure of Mr. Samson's acquaintance must have been astonished at the coy. half reluctant, .yet too willing manner, the well modulated falsetto, and general learing, 'all the more difficult to express from being given from under a thick veil. The vow of constancy to Alonzo, too soon to be broken by the endearments and presents of iaust was real enough to delight the heart of a misanthrope or woman hater, the scream when the ".Ghost all so stately up the hall floor did glide," was capital, and the part caused more genuine laughter in the 'circle' than any other. nMr. B. Solomon had the small part of Sybelgiven to him and miade the iuost of it (trust a low cod median for that), :the mischievous teasing of farthia, and entrance on the bicicle was very funny, aid altogether made the .piece go nmoother. The greatest credit was. un doubtedly due to Mr.i B: Woods for th'e cxi cellent manner in -iliiol- he .played: the Dame, It is surprising that a yohth who:has never seen ' burlesque p!ayed, should personate such a cha macter with all the. grace of a finished profes :ional actor, he was. certainly not dame Martha, il-favorcd enough to disgust the' ancient one ' limself ; but rather an enchanting soubrette-. at, fair, and eot forty, .the character was hot w.hat Mr. Burnand meant, but fl;eexchange\w.is no loss. The Army officered by Mr. H. Newlanid .;was a'good: small *burlesqiue regiment. and did .vhat was required .of them with more sense than itility men generally do. It was a good 'point' w.hether so inteiided or' hot, the introduction of Ilairwood's bieermeasnres as. goblets, and gavca Iere thilrsty look-rto -the banquet-'than alP the gilded drinking ve'sels. in the Thea'tre Royal, Drury: Lane,; Thes singinig on the, whole was much bettcr thani coutld -e expected, when it is onmenibered that actors gierally are indifferent vocalists, and singing chianmbermaids and come lians are at a premium everywhere. The pre sence of Mr. Morris- at.the piano was. of gre?f?t issistance,'in fact the burlesque could scarcely have been played without a competent pi.,nit. I must risk the chaice of being "thought censuiri onusand suggest to Mr. Morris to show,na little norepatience, and ibt to ea cnii amiateur tro li own resources for slighly .changing, the key. Burlesque singing is not perh'ips the mihstrelsy ie his been accustomed,to, .but the absence of a trombode to drowvn a false note makes an amatciur quite nervous enough without having his tremor ncreased liy ptalpable irritability depicted on the face of the accompanyist; .The 'cuirt iin was. raised at the end of tlie piece in answer o .an una limous call for cverybiody, and the prolonged ip plause shoired universal , approbation; Tlie afterpiece was an adaptation of Molidre's " Me-. deein malgre lui,' entitled the " IIhsH .DOCTOR," Mr. B,' Solomon asthe broommaker, transformed: into a medical man was the very impersonation of thestage Irishman, the rollicking humor, the: overbearing dictatorial manner in which he over whelmed Sir R lph Credulous with bog Latin was, exquisite. Mr. Woods as Bridget his wife, again rendered good service. The change from the. 'ermngint:to the indignant when the Squire, (Mr. H. -Newland) interferes between her and; her other half showed a knowledge of married? human nature, as well -as a keen sense of the ridi culiois, the manner in which she accepted the money an t rejected the addresses of Dennis the pretended French doctor was worthy of Brooke. RMr. Samson had the small part of Sir Ralph, andl did the credulous father excellently will, as did Mir, Newman, the Sqnire, andi Mr: Oliver Dr. Frantic, but every other character in the piece s merely a ' foil' foi the Irish doctor. The duimb laughter and the servant were represented' by vaster Aidaighland Master Crake, but their ouilth and inexperience disarm all criticism. Until the prudishiiess wlhichikeeps ladjy amaltedir: fromi a harmlcss recreation is dispelled, such parts will alwalys' be imake-shifts. - Both the bur esque and firce are to be repeated on Tuesday afternoon, whiun those who0 have not already witnessed thenlmshbild avail themselves of the :: JACQUES. 