LATEST TELEGRAMS. LONDON, FEB. 23 [?J. A protocol has been conveyed from the Paris Conference on the Turkey-Greece question to Athens. The Greek Ministry were not willing to sign it, and resigned. The Sublime Porte gave eight days' extension of time for an answer. A new Cabinet was formed by Zaimmis (who is President), and accepted the protocol. Their reply was completely satisfactory to Turkey, and Greece forthwith revoked the extraordinary measures previously taken. The conference re-assembled on the 18th, accepted the answer, and declared the rupture between the two countries was over. Mr. Seward has authorised the United States Minister informally to proffer his services as a medium of communication during the difficulty between Greece and Turkey. The elections for Belfast and Londonderry have been declared valid. Mr. Guinness, for Dublin, has been unseated. Disastrous gales have occurred in England, causing immese loss in shipping and property; and heavy floods have occurred in England and Ireland. The debate in the House of Commons on the address in reply to the Queen's speech was marked by brevity and moderation. Mr. Gladstone announced that he will move on the 1st of March the consideration of the acts concerning the Irish Church. Lord Cairns has assumed the leadership of the Conservatives in the House of Peers, vice Lord Malmesbury. A banquet has been given in the Fislimongers'-hall to Mr. Gladstone. He pledged his word to lose no time in introducing a measure for the dis-establishment of the Irish Church, and fully satisfy the expectations of those members who consider the Irish Church question of paramount importance. The Marquis of Anglesea is dead. The Government contemplate a reduction of the number of troops in the colonies, India excluded, to the extent of 10,000 men. It is stated that the Government is in favour of the proposal to introduce the com mercial element in the Indian Council. The Government have refused the petition of the Anglican bishops in Ireland in favour of constituting an Irish convoca tion. A manifesto has been issued by them inviting the counsel and co-operation of the laity. All the shares of the British India Telegraph Company have been subscribed for. The Prussian Chamber has sanctioned the confiscation of the property of the King of Hanover and the Elector of Hesse. Late intelligence from Spain states that (be liberate bare agreed to a triumvirate, composed of Generals Prim, Serrano, and Civero. The Cortes have commenced thier sittings. Revero has been elected President by a .large majority. The courtmartial has condemned to death a man charged with slaying the Governor of Burges, but the Government has commuted the sentence. Wheelan, the assassin of D'Arcy M'Gee, has been executed in Canada. Count Bismarck has made a speech denouncing the dissemination of false and alarming reports by the French press. It was the interest of both nations to have all intrigues speedily stopped; all European Governments were animated by peaceful contentions. _ 2 he Times strongly urges friendly negotiations with Russia as the best mode of solving the Central Asian question. The Governor-General of Cuba has telegraphed to Sp ain for reinforcements, the insurgents being near Havannah. Six thousand men will be despatched immediately. The official portion of the French press call upon the Belgian Government to induce the Senate t<3 reject the bill preventing the cession of a part of the Luxemburg railway to a French company. A native rising has occurred in Algeria, A battle took place and 1,200 French sol diers were completely defeated by 2,800 rebels. A Russian Imperial ukase • has been issued, authorising a private company to commence levelling the road for a railway between Orel and the Caspian Sea. Latest advices from Paris announce the death of the Marquis Moustier. Turkish reinforcements were about being sent to the Persian frontier. The American Congress has resolved to amend the constitution so as to prohibit the denial of the franchise on account of race or colour. The votes were 147 for this amendment of the law, and forty-two against it. The Senate concurs in the amendment. Latest advices from Washington state that President Grant has declared that he will earnestly enforce the principles of honesty, economy, and re trenchment. Telegrams from New York state that the Senate has disapproved of the Alabama Convention. French troops were continually arriving in Civita Vecchia, and arms and ammunition. A shock of an earthquake had been felt at Florence. SHIPPING.—Arrived from Melbourne True Briton. A GHOST STORY.—Many people consider that Victoria is too young as a white man's settlement to have become a habitation of ghosts; but the incredulous in regard to subjects of this kind should remember that the blacks had " spirits " of their own before Europeans settled here. On that account there may be occasionally a difficulty in determining whether the manifestation is from a departed white or sable being, but the introduction of the horse in the following case warrants all concerned in attributing the mysterious evidences of an unseen existence to the devices of a departed member of our own race. We extract from the Western Examiner:—" The susceptible minded of our citizens have lately been alarmed by tales of remarkable appearances occurring in our midst. The locality of the supposed ghostly visitation is the farm rented by Mr. Coulson, near Haskins's, and the story is vouched for by the whole family of St. George's, who reside thereon, and sub-rent from Mr. Coulson. The story runs that repeatedly noises of a supernatural character have been heard, such as the rushiug past of horses, whilst none were visible. That a phantom horse had appeared and passed between two persons stauding closely together, thus demonstrating its spirituality. That a wool bale affected with St. Vitus's dance had led the family a chase round the house, vanishing and saluting a young woman asleep in bed with a tap on the cheek with an icy cold hand. In fact, the yarns are innumerable, and tend only to one result, either that it is a concocted story or that the fears of the people have magnified most natural circumstances. It is certain, however, that the effect has been great on ceitain members of the family, who have been ever since in a hysterical state, and the whole refuse to return to aud live in the house. A volunteer party visited the locality on Monday night, and saw—nothing—save a cat and a horse in the paddock. We need not express our entire disbelief in such stories, and it is a great pity, for the sake of others, the mystery has not been elucidated." CSEFDI INVENTION.—A very simple but very useful invention for preserving liquids in tins from fraudulent adulteration has been patented by Mr. W. Eigg. A short pipe about an inch and a quarter long is let into the case. This is wormed and closed at the bottom, thus being exactly like a screw-hole in a solid material. At the end of the faucet or cock, which is screwed into this counter sunk hole, there is a sharp-pointed piece of steel, which cut? out the bottom, and admits of the discharge of the liquid. 