LEAVES FROM AUSTRALIAN FORESTS. (From the Argils.) Leaves from Australian Forests. By Heniy Kendall, Melbourne; G. Robertson, 69 Elizabeth-street. Under this somewhat quaint title, Mr. Henry Kendall, who is already sufficiently well known to the Australian public to need no introduction from us, has republished some of his contributions to the magazines and newspapers of the two colonies. We have before expressed our favourable opinion of Mr. Kendall's powers, when reviewing his first volume, published iu Sydney some years back, and it is pleasant to be able to reiterate that opinion when speaking of the little book now before us ; but Mr. Kendall having fairly established himself as a writer whose work challenges close criticism, We propose to examine somewhat trtore minutely into the merits of his present volume. And here a difficulty meets us at the outset, for many of the poems iu this collec tion were originally published before the issue Of ttle first volume, and contain those early faults of composition from which their author has now freed himself. We therefore must content ourselves with judging the various lyrics and fragments on their own individual merits, and refrain from pronouncing upon the work as though it were the exposition of the writer's matured poetic faculty. Mr. Kendall's poetry belongs to the objective order. He does not strain after sublimity of thought or attempt to record the more majestic phases of human passion ; he contents himself with lovingly painting the glories of a sunset, or the gleaming sands of a sea-shore. The admirers of epic grandeur or subtle mental analysis will find but little to please their taste in' Sir. Kendall's poems; but to that large class of readers who place the faculty of intense appreciation of colour and sound above that of perceptive sympathy for human passion, we can recommend a critical perusal of the " Leaves." Mr. Kendall's is evidently a disciple of that school which Keats created from the inspiration of Spenser, Tennyson perfected, and Swinburne is destroying. He is alliterative, passionate, and overflowing with metaphor. His adjectives are all superlatives. Like the climate of his native Australia, there is no twilight in his poetry. It is either broad day or blackest night. His heroes are either angels or demons. His heroines are either Messalinas or Griseldas. His seas are mountains high, his winds tempests, and his stockriders always at full gallop. But his ear for versification is perfect, his rhythm and his daring extravagance of epithet are equal to Swinbnrne's, and his exquisite sense of natural beauty rivals that of Keats. For instance:— Often wlien the floatinsr vapours fill the silent autumn leas. Dreamy memories fall like moonlight over silver sleeping seas, - Though the southern wind roams, shadowed with its immemorial grief, Where ttie frosty wings of winter leave their whiteness on the leaf. And With the splendour and the speech Of thy lights and thunders. Coogee, flying up thy gleaming beach! are faultless in rhythm, while the last line seems to dash the salt spray over the paper. But when the ouzel in the gaps at eve Doth pipe tier dreary ditty to the surge. All tumbling iu the soft green level li^lit, is another picture, " G reen level light "is admirable. In happiness of epithets, and skill in suggesting a whole picture by one well selected word, Mr. Kendall excels, thus—" far singing waters," "deep gardens flushed with fruit," " evening-coloured apple trees," "the swords of the heat," high grass" whelming" a man like a " running sea," The WASTED face of April weeps above the withered flower, As through a RUSHISG twilight,' full of rain, The WEAK moon looked across Gadara's plain. Mr. Kendall need never be afraid of his position while he can paint like this. But here and there the influence of his three masters is somewhat too apparent. In "September in Australia," he says, Grey winter hath gone like a wearisome guest. And behold for repayment September enmes in with the wind of the west And the Spring la her raiment. Swinbnrne, in his dedication, has— Moonlight and sleep for repayment When refreshed as a bride and set free. With stars and night-winds in her raiment. Night sinks o'er the sea. So also, The stream from its home in the hollow hill slips In a darling old fashion; And;the day goeth down with a song on its lips. Whose key-note is passionechoes " Dolores "— Thou wert fair in the fearless old fashion, And thy limbs are as melodies yet. And move to the music of passion. &c.; Also, in " Campaspe " (originally published before the issue of Swinburne's Poems and Ballads), is a verse which has all the savour of "Onr Lady of Pain":— Turn from the ways of this woman! Campaspe we call her by name; She is fairer than flowers of the fire—she is brighter than brightness of flame. As a song that strikes swift to the heart with the beat of the blood of the South, And a light and a leap and a smart, is the play of her perilous mouth. Her eyes are as splendours that break in the rain at the set of the sun. But turn from the steps of Campaspe—a woman to look at and 8huu I Here is a verse that is suggestive at once of Tennyson and Swinburne:— The dead dry Hps Of the ledges, split By the thunder fit And the stress of the sprites of the forked flame. Anon break out With a shriek and a shout, Like a hard hitter laughter, cracked and thin. From a ghost with a sill Too dark for a name! Lips oj the ledges is an idea caught from the opening lines of " Maude," and " bitter laughter, cracked and thin," is singularly like Swinburne's— The die rang sideways as it fell. Rang cracked and thin. Like a man's laughter heard in hell. Tar djwn Faustine. —" Wrinkled hills" is Tennysonian— Down in a wrinkle of the monstrous hill, The city sparkled like a grain of salt. "Arakoon" is too much like Longfellow's "Storm Wind of the Equinox," both in metre and conception. And— With all the meaning of perpetual sighs Heard in the mountained deserts of the world. And where the green-haired waters glide between The thin lank weeds and mallows of the marsh, is thoroughly akin to the manner of the author of the " Dying Swan," while— What time September shows her mooned front And poppies burnt to blackness droop for drouht, The dear Demeter, splashed from heel to thigh With spinning vine-blood, often stoops to him To crush the grape against his wrinkled lips Which sets him dreaming of the thickening wolves In darkness, and the sound of moaning seashas all the Theocritian idyllic spirit of Keats. But we do not believe that Mr. Kendall has wilfully plagiarised a single line. We believe that when he wrote the lines we have quoted he was quite unconscious of their likeness to those of his masters. Indeed, his apology for such errors is in itself so charmingly written that we will quote it in his own defence:— So take these kindly, even though there be Some notes that unto other lyres belong: Stray echoes from the elder sons of Song; And think how from its neighbouring native sea The pensive shell doth borrow melody. I would not do the lordly masters wrong. By filching fair words from the shining throng Whose music haunts me, as the wind a tree ! Lo, when a stranger, in so ft Syrian glooms Shot through with sunset, treads the cedar dells, And hears the breezy ring of elfin bells Far down by where the white-haired cataract booms. He, faint with sweetness caught from forest smells, Bears thence, unwitting, plunder of perfumes. We would wish, however, to see Mr- Kendall emancipate himself from the chains which seem to fetter his genius. He has enough original power of thought and expression to become a leader, not a follower. His descriptions of Australian life and scenery are perfect: — Two months thereafter, when the summer heat Had roused the serpent from his rotten lair. And made a noise of locusts in the boughs. It came to this, that, as the blood red sun Of one fierce day of many slanted down Obliquely past the nether jags of peaks And gulfs of mist, the tardy night came vexed By belted clouds, and scuds that wheeled and whirled To left and right about the brazen cliffs Of ridges, rigid with a leaden gloom; And— At last the great kingfisher came and called Across the hollows loud with early whips. And lighted, laughing on the shepherd's hut. And roused the widow from a swoon like death— are instinct with the lurid fire of the southern summer, and the sounds and sights of Australian bush life. The Ghost Glen " alone—a piece of ghastly diablerie as realistically intensi as Praed's " Red Fisherman"—would be sufficient to stamp its author as a poet; and the beauties of a " Death in the Bush," "King Saul at Gilboa," "Syrinx," •'God Help Our Men at Sea," and the "Glen of Arrawatta," by far outnumber the sins of poetical reflection to which we have felt ourselves compelled to refer. The simple pathetic beauty of the "dedication" alone would redeem extravagances a thousand times more Swinburnesque than those of which we have complained :— To her, who cast with me in trying days, Stood in the place of health., and power, and praise;— Who, when I thought all light was out, became A lamp of hope that put my fears to shame ;— Who faced for lore's sole sake the life austere That waits upon the man of letters here ;— Who, unawares, her deep affection showed By many a touching little wifely mode;— Whose spirit, self denying, dear, divine. Its sorrows hid. so it might lessen mine,— To her, my bright best friend. I dedicate This book of songs. ' Twill help to compensate For mnch neglect. The act, if net the rhyme, Will touch her heart and lead her to the time Of trials past. That which is most intense Within these leaves is of her influence; And if aught here is sweetened with a tone Sincere, like love, it came of love alone. Mr. Kendall need have no fear for the fate of his book. Its beauties will be appreciated by all whose appreciation is worth having, and the judgment that impartial criticism passes upon its faults will but assist its author to take that high stand in the world of letters for which his abilities fit him. 