It must be evident to every one who is not blinded by prejudice that the moral support alleged to have been afiorded by England to the Confederate States exists only in tbe imagination of those who want a convenient peg on which to hang a grievance, or a plausible cause for a quarrel. It is true that in in the recent struggle the sympathies of the English nation were divided be tween the two parties, but this will always be the case while we possess the rights of free speech and free thought ; but so long as we abstained from active interference, our " moral sup port" was not likely to make much headway against the more forcible argu ments of Hodman guns, breech-loaders, or iron-clads. If the "moral support" theory is to be acted on, we might claim to have the behaviour of the United States during the war with Russia also submitted to arbitration, on the principle of " tarring all with the same brush." But we imagine that Brother Jonathan is hardly pre pared to admit the justice of this. As to the alleged recognition of the Con federate States, by the premature issue of the neutrality proclamation, we can only say that this complaint is even more preposterous than the "moral siinnnaf." nrip.vnncG. Tt was thn TTnited States Government itself that notified to the world the fact that it had insti tuted an efficient blockade of all the Southern ports. Everybody must be aware that to render a blockade legal according to tbe law of nations, it is necessary to accord to the party so blockaded the rights of belligerents ; and the QuREN'sMinisters were simply warning their countrymen of the conse quences that might result to them by any attempt to break the blockade and in fringe the laws of a strict neutrality. Doubtless, at a time when a warm dis cussion is going on as to tbe advis-. ability of redeeming the greenbacks, bonds, and other descriptions of paper money in currency, or gold, it would be very pleasant to settle the question by the simple remedy of some other country liquidating the debt. This would avoid the repudiation, and at the same time do away with an unplea santly heavy taxation, which, now that the fever of the war is over, is found to be rather a galling burden, espe cially by the Southern and Western Qfn Inn Puf Wn n»l nrirl lino on ffi ninntlvr utuicos JJUII jjugiuuu uuo ouuiwuaiiij shown her anxiety to settle any real claims that can be made against her, and cannot with honor consent to con sider whole lot of imaginary wrongs inflicted in a way for which no govern ment would hold itself responsible. Great Britain has shown her sense of the gravity of the occasion, and of the frightful consequences which must ensue from a collision between the two nations; and if she is forced into a fratricidal war, the bloodshed must rest on the heads of those who will have wantonly provoked it. We know that Mr Rbverdv Johnson, to whose well-meant but not very judicious lo quacity great objection was taken in his own country, has left England, and been replaced by Mr. Motley, tbe eminent historian. The latter gentle man, in the first speech he had made since his arrival, echoed the pacific as surances of his predecessor, but we have seen by the treatment Mr. Johnson received how little the American nation is bound by the opinions or con duct of their diplomatists. Turning to home affairs, we do not find much to chronicle. Her Majesty was well, the Prince and Princess of Wales have returned home, and Prince A nmnTrn lino nFAun'lit nifl man tnnv Ia a happy termination, although some rioting took place at Londonderry during his visit to that town. Mr. O'Sullivan, the Mayor of Cork, bent we suppose on showing how men's minds may be perverted by political passions, has thought proper to hold up the assassin O'Earebll to the public gaze as a hero, a martyr, a patriot, and oce wqrthy of imitation. The Cerberus, the iron-clad intended for the protec tion of this port, was shortly to leave the Tyne for her destination. We do not think' that the vessel has been happily named, as we cannot trace any resemblance between the entrance to Port Phillip and the other locality where this far-famed dog was said to stand sentineL The obituaiy by the present mail in cludes the name of Colonel Gawlbr. This gallant veteran, who served with distinction throughout the Peninsular war, and was present at Waterloo, was, in an evil hour for himself, appointed to succeed Captain Hindmarsh as Governor of South Australia. The af fairs of that colony were by no means in a satisfactory condition. A sort of double government existed, tbe public lands being under tbe control of the resident for tbe South Australian Com pany — Sir James, then Mr. Fisher — while the Governor was, of course, responsible for the ordinary civil admi nistration. The result was that the principal industry of the colony was land-jobbing, and the great article of production parchment aeeds nnd sur veyors' plans. Town and country lots were bought and sold at fabulous prices, but nothing whatever was done to develop the resources of the place. The working population was almost exclusively employed upon pumic works, and roads, bridges, Govern ment offices, wharves, nnd gaob were pushed on with great rapidity. But the new comers soon exhausted their capital hy paying extravagant prices to the neighbouring colonies lor cattle and breadstuff's, and tbe collapse, although long delayed, eventually came. The treasury was empty, while the labourers were clamorous for employ ment. In order to meet tbe difficulty Colonel Gawler drew bills upon the Imperial Treasury. These the Secre tary of State refused to honour, and the Governor was recalled. Sir George Grey was sent to Adelaide from Western Australia, and his vigorous administration soon restored the credit w lUO UWiUUJj tutuuugu ail tUC CAJIDU9U of much individual suffering. His mea sures, seconded by tbe South Australian i Company, which at that time was the virtual landlord of the province, com pelled the people to disperse through out the agricultural districts, and cultivate their farms. The Burra Burra Copper Mine was soon after wards discovered, and the colony was saved. After his return to England, Colonel Gawler received no other civil employment, and for some years past has almost been forgotten. A brave soldier, an ener getic bushman, and an amiable private gentleman, he was deservedly popular in South Australia, and under the mo dern system of colonial government would have made a respectable Gover nor faineant, if he had a capable mayor of the palace in the guise of a Chief Secretary. But he was not fitted for a young colon' in which he had to organise everything. Chief Justice Lefrov, who has at last been gathered to his fathers, was an excellent specimen of the old Tory Irishman, who believed in Protestant supremacy, and the right of every land lord to do as he liked with his own. Born in 17 76, he was made Baron of the Exchequer in 1811, after having represented the University of Dublin in tne House ot Uommons for nearly twelve years. He retained the post of Chief Justice until 1SG0, although he had, from bodily infirmities, been for many years, unable to efficiently per form the duties of the office, and his eldest son had attained an age which relieved him from serving upon the grand jury. At last a Tory Government came into office, and the Chief Justice retired at the age of ninety, and was succeeded by Mr. Whitesides. It is a strange coincidence that the old "Judge snould not survive the disestab lishment of the Irish Church, to whose exclusive privileges he was so thoroughly devoted. Tasmaxian Yodtiis. — Wo understand that considerable umbrage has been given by tbe remarks of one of the daily jonrnais touching tbo recent visit of some beys from Lannccston, and that probably some legal consequences may ensne. National Mutual Life Assurance So ciety. — This afternoon a meeting of the policy-holders in this society will bo held for the purpose of considering and adopting tbe articles of association. A Would-be Burolar. — The mnn whn lately attempted to force an entrance into Pro fessor Hughes' bouse, but, although pursued by that gentleman, managed to escape, was arrested last night, and this morning tbo city magistrates sent him to gaol for three months with hard labour. Embezzlement, — A young man named Alexander Stephens, lately a collector in the employ of Messrs Fnlton and Scott, Geelong, wbb thiB morning charged on warrant at tho City Court with embezzling the moneys of his employers. He was arreBted yesterday after noon, at Richmond, by Detective O'Csllnghan, and this morning the magistrates remanded him to Geelong, where he will appenr to morrow. 5 |New Magazine. — We understand that another candidate for the publio suffrage will shortly appear in tho guise of a monthly magazine, to bo entitled Once a Month. It is reported that severe frosts have lately been experienced at the Moorabool, and on Sunday morning the water in hnckots at Messrs Weber Brothers was frozen over with ice thicker than a penny piece. Supreme Coubt. — After we went to press last evening a rule nisi to set aside award and judgment in Kyte v. Greenwood and Green wood v. Kyte was discharged. In tho arbitra tion case of Sutherland v. Doyle a rale nisi for an attachment was obtainod. In Hancock and Daffett v. Emmett, a rule nisi to set asido a judgment, tho court reserved their decision. In re James Stevenson, a mining surveyor, a rnlo nisi for a mandamns directing him to survey a certain claim which he hod registered, and for which he had rccoived the sarvey fee, was obtained. In Equity tho arguments in tho Aladdin Co. v. tbo Aladdin and Try Again Co. were net conclndod. A " Respectable" Young Man. — Andrew Robison, the yonng American who has been borrowing money from all his acquaintances, and then wound np by stealing abont £'10 worth of jewellery from a woman of tho town residing in Stephen street, was brought before the city magistrates thismorRingaud remauded until to-morrow. The prisoner it appears arrived in Melbourne a tew weeks since with very good letters of introduction, bnt instead of trying to obtain an honest livelihood he has disgraced his friends, and brought himself to a felon's dock. From Messrs Sands and M'Dougall we have received, as usual, tho monthly number ot their pocket diary, Hunt Cltjb.— A meeting ot the members of "lHeMelbourne Hunt Club was held yeBtorday, to meet the farmers, so that some amicable understanding should be arrived at, and in order to allow of any farmer who had made a claim against tbe club, which had not been set tled, to bring tho matter before the meeting. There wore only three or four farmers present, and a very desultory discussion arose, and ulti mately the following resolution was carried : 11 That the Melbourne Hunt Club regrets the unpleasant feeling which appears to exist be tween themselves and the farmers, and de- clares that they are willing to repair any damage done, or to appoint assessors, onoon each sido, and to abide any decision given by them." The meeting then closed. TnE Laxd Bill. — To-night tho debate on this bill will bo resumed. Mr Everard, we are informed, will give notice of his intention to move n series of resolutions on the hill. The resolntions, we believe, will embrace tho excieion of all tbe squatting elauses from the bill and the postponing of all legislation for tho squatting interest until niter n general election, the providing a heavier punismcnt for dummies, nnd tho placing a land tax on all largo tracts of uncultivated lunds. M'Nicol's Case. — A thorough investigation into this cose took place at tho Land Office this morniug. Tho decision of the Commission will bo announced to-morrow at 11. Probnbly M'Nicol will! retain the land, bnt will havo to pay nn amonnt for tbo improvements on tbe allotment. Masonic Ball — Tho Freemasons' ball, which tokes place to-morrow evening in the Princess's Theatre, promises to be a brilliant saccess. Tho ball is in aid of tho Freemasons' charitable institutions, ard will be under the distinguished patronage ot His Excellency tho Governor. The wbolo of the pit and stage has been floored over to form one large room, tho scenery being nscd to form auto-rooms, which gives tho whole a very pleasing effect. The entrance to the ball-room will be through tho boxes. The refreshments will be pro vided by Mr R. U. Millor, and the orchestra under the direction of Mr W. St. J. M. Caws. Effective measures have been taken to prevent tho intrusion of unwel come visitors on tbo occasion. Mr George R. Johnson, the honorary secretary, informs us that over bix hundred tickets have been sold, representing about one thousand admissions, and calculates that there will bo abont fourteen hundred present. As only a limited nnmbcr of tickets will be issued, early application is necessary. I (Accident. —An accident, which onght to be a warning to drivers turning round the corners of streets too sharply, occurred to-day, abont half- past twelvo o'clock. A man, who was turning round tho corner of "William and Flinders streets, drove rather sharply, thereby causing his horse to fall, and himself to be pitched out j bnt, fortnnatoly, ho was not much injured, and was able to proceed on his journey. Oun readers, writoB tho Star, havo donbtless heard of the political invention which existed in France coeval with tbo Thirteenth and Four teenth Louis and their Icttres de cachet, known as the " Mousetrap." One ot tboso mouse traps — certainly more pleasing and far raoro comfortablo in tho results brought about by an entry into it, than tbe French invention — came into existence nt tho Mining Exchange, Bal- larat, on Monday, and while it was in existence created a good deal of fun. Mr Slater's office was tho trap, and during tho day personB who were more inclined for looking at good "spe cimens" than giving aid to cbaritablo institu tions, were invited by emissaries, who were on the alert, to go there nnd view some very fine stone which bad jast arrived in town from one of tho lending mines. Theso specimens were supposed to be in a hack office, the door of which was kept very religiously olosed, and the gold hunter only after having been taken insido, witnessed tho denouement. The speoimens were two in number — specimens not of gold-beaiing stone bnt ot BuUirat fomalo society, whom wo may he pardoned for prais ing without having ecen them — and to them the visitor was obliged to pay ont his ready cash in aid of tho Ladies' Clothing Society. One after another tho gold hunters wcro taken from tho Corner to see the fine stone, and many of those who followed each other into this secluded sell lamented their fate after wards. Tho payments wero pretty numerous, and a good stroke was done in aid of a very deserving Bociety. Those who wish to give freely to tho society can do so by going to the concert this ovening. -- Gf.nf.ral Sessions. — After wo wont to press yestorday John R. Bynanand Mary M'Govern, chargod with stealing &i; from John Kelly in a liougo in ill-famo off little Bourko-street, were found gnilty and remanded for scntenco. Theatre Royal, — " As You Like It" was presented to a crowded houso lest evening. Mr Montgomery as Orlando was excellent,' and MisB Cleveland's Rosalind wus a decided suc cess. There was n visible improvement in tho acting of the other characters. To-night " Antony and Cleopatra," for which great preparations have been made, will bo pro duced. Mr Montgomery and Miss Cleveland take tbo leading characters, "Weston's New Opera House. — This build ing was well filled last evening to witnoss the performances of " The Black Opera," as they "are now popularly callod. Frank HusBey's song of "Tobias and Biancas" seems to be by no means getting stale. Harry Kelly's Bong, " The Big Sunflower," was also well received by tho audience. The " Ghost in a Pawn Shop" is very langhable, and we understand will, in a Bhort timo, bo rondorod moro so, hy the introduction of several political local alln- Bions. The walk-ronnd of " I'll Buy My Love a Ring," terminated tho evening's entertain ment. 