MORE ABOUT THE STOCKADE. [From the Evening Journal.] The Parliamentary action kindly under- taken by the Hon. Mr. Barrow in White's case has not as yet come to much. On Wednesday the Chief Secretary gave the following reply to Mr. Barrow's question:—"The Govern- ment are instituting enquiries into the alleged ill-treatment of a prisoner named White. The Government have directed enquiries to be made if any case of cruel conduct in the Stockade has taken place." Under any circumstances this would have struck us as a rather vague deliverance on a point involving so much scandal. But further disclosures which we are now enabled to make will probably inspire the public with a desire for a more searching and open enquiry than that contemplated by Mr. Bagofc. The first part of them will be found in a letter which appears elsewhere from a prisoner recently released from the Stockade. This man, Joseph Stevens by name, avers that he saw White in the Stockade, and witnessed the ill-treatment to which he was subjected. But on that particular case we do not wish to anticipate any action which may have been taken by the Government. We did what we conceived to be our duty by it at the time, and with the rest of the public will await the issue. Other documents have been submitted to us by Stevens, which involve more serious and comprehensive charges against the Stockade management. It appears to us that the public and the authorities ought to be distinctly informed of their purport, in order that both may have an opportunity of considering calmly what should be done upon them. Our readers will observe that this time we do not profess to be publishing a detailed narrative of any particular occurrence. The statements made by Stevens are merely reminiscenices of his own observation in the Stockade, extending over a period of seven years. Neither do we pledge ourselves in any way, or even profess to give an opinion on the relative credibility of the statements, either collectively or individually. The man has come to us with his story—he has told it in a manner to invite as much confidence as is possible under the circumstances-- he has shown us all the details which he had prepared for publication in another shape—he has, at our request, brought two comrades who corroborated his tale—he says there are several more about town also quite prepared to do the same; and all he asks in return is that in his name we should demand a public enquiry into his allegations. In describing the nature of Stevens's memorial we shall specialise only those parts of it which may be most readily and thoroughly tested. Like every other Bill of Wrongs it contains much that is trivial amid a good deal that is important. The serious points ought to be considered first, and afterwards, when public attention has been concentrated on the case, the minor ones may be drawn in. At present the principal question before the country is—have the officers at the Stockade been in the habit of ill-treating the prisoners with their rifles and bayonets, as was indicated at the recent inquest? This man Joseph Stevens alleges not only that such ill-treatment was practised upon White, but that there are others in the Stockade now who bear marks of it upon them. We condense the particulars from his memorial:— "Johnson, a prisoner sentenced for five years, and now in the Stockade, has been stabbed with the bayonet and brutally used. There are marks of the bayonet wounds still on the prisoner. — Prentice, a prisoner sentenced for eight years and still at the Stockade, was stabbed three times, and brutally used. Marks of the bayonet wounds are still on him. A German (Antoniffe I think his name is) sentenced for 20 years, and still at the Stockade, stabbed several times and brutally used". These charges all refer specially to the abuse of discipline in the quarries. There is another set relating to solitary confinement— a very sore point with prisoners everywhere. Stevens's assertion here is that Mr. Howell, in defiance of the regulation which limits the period of solitary confinement to a few days (three he believes), has extended the time to weeks, and even months. One of the cases he specifies had a perfectly revolting issue. His account of it as extracted from the memorial is as follows:— " A German named ircoff was kept in the dead- I house ten months. On one occasion when he was let out for exercise, he seized the carcase of a cat that had been dead three weeks. It was a mass of putrefaction and the prisoner devoured one-third of it before it could be taken from him. I Joseph Stevens saw this with my own eyes. The prisoner died a few days afterwards." The last charge with which we shall now trouble our readers aims higher than the subordinate officials. It is set forth in Stevens's document, but at secondhand. Subsequently, however, the following account was obtained by us from an eyewitness, Edward Hurst. This man states that one morning a prisoner named Anderson discovered that the pockets had been cut away from his trousers, and he asked a guard why it had been done. The reason was that he ! had been suspected of stealing, and subse- | quently an altercation about it took place I in the yard between the prisoner and a j superior officer. Hurst did not hear what j they -were saying to each other, hut he saw j irons brought out and put on Anderson. Afterwards he saw the guard iu attendance give Anderson a push, which knocked him over. While lie was lying heavily-ironed and helpless on the ground, the officer hit him on the head several times with a life-preserver, and the injuries inflicted were so severe that he had to be sent to the ITopistal. Hurst undertakes to pi-oduce the guard, who has since left the Stockade, and is now residing at Walkerville. There are three distinct subjects of complaint among these men—the low rations, the solitary confinement, and personal violence. On the first point we liave purposely been silent, because it affects the regulations more than the management of the Stockade, unless indeed it can be proved that the regulations are violated. The second and third points can be investigated to the perfect satisfaction of the public, who we feel assured will give the Government very little peace vmtil it is done. The disclosures \\\ c have made are not such as any British community would like to be long in suspense about—no matter from what quarter they might come or what prima jade doubts might rest on then\x=req-\ credibility. Our informants may have exaggerated, as it is natural that men in their position should. Individually their word may not weigh much with the public— especially the super-respectablc part of it —against official denials. But that is not the view which ought to bs taken of the facts. Xo man's character or position ought to be sacrificed on an txparie statement, as the above confessedly is. But its authors do not wish those whom they accuse to be judged by their evidence alone. They ask only tc be allowed to meet them face to face before a Committee of Enquiry. They object, and with reason, to a merely official enquiry such as the Chief Secretary has already set in train. All parties concerned have a mutual interest, now that we have got thus far, in obtaining the greatest possible amount of i publicity and impartiality. As a matter of justice to the complainants, and of good faith towards the publie, the enquiry should be entrusted to persons unconnected with the Stockade. The Legislature itself might very properly interfere, and advise the Government to appoint a Commission, to include at least one member of Parliament, which might report on the condition of the Stockade and on our prison discipline generally. If a tithe of the above allegations can be established, it is time to raise anew the cry of prison reiorm. The Assembly, when it meets on Tuesday to pass the Appropriation Bill, may have an hour to spare, and if so it could not be better bestowed tliau in consulting with the Government about how to deal with this ! grave scandal. : [Since the above was in type we have re- ' ceived another letter from an ex- prisoner, llis statement is much to the same effect as I Stevens's, and he gives some further iu- i stances of ill-treatment to prisoners whose names he mentions. He sends also his own name, but desires that it may not be pub- ! lished. He says, however, that if there is a Court of Enquiry lie will attend and give j his evidence, j TiiE.vrsrEXT oi" Stockade Prisoners.— The Government have appointed a Commission, consisting of Dr. iloore (Colonial Surgeon j,_Mr. Beddome (Polios Magistrate), and Mr. li. R. Fuller (Mayor of Adelaide), to enquire into the treatment of prisoners in tl»e Stockade. This action is taken on account of what has appeared in the Register within the last two or three days respecting the prisoner White and other prisoners, who, it is alleged, have not been properly treated. I <J£ eourse the enquiry will he conducted with ; closed doors. Licensed Distilleries.—The disparity between the income and outlay in the department of licensed distilleries is not so great as would appear from, a mere examination of the papar lately laid before the Assembly, The fact is it exhibited the cost of the establishment without crediting it with the revenue which it is fairly entitled to claim. No fees are charged on licences other than those | paid by licencees, but the amount of duty j collected in the thirteen months compre- i hended iu the return has been £639. This ] must be set oif against the £307 ! 13s. 2d. laid out in payment of the salary and ordinary perquisites of the Sub\x=req-\ Inspector. liven then the cost incurred in securing for the Treasury an amount of £639 appeal's disproportionate; but it has to ]>e recollected that the officer named above has not only to inspect the distilleries and collect the duty so far as colonial distilled spirits are ! concerned, but he has also to regulate the j fortifying of wine by imported spirits taken out of bond. In justice to this branch of the Customs' department we make this ex- I plauatiou, which places a somewhat different i complexion upon the matter from that pre- ] seated by the bald document with which we had to deaL Arc&pes; Ambo.—The Adverliser,a£t&t; confessing by a week of ignominioug silence that it could not maintain its recent, silly, boast as to. the circulation of the Express, has found a eatspaw in the South Australian. This stillborn organ of the Hindley-street billiard-rooms came ont : yesterday with -what its. delighted patron j calls "a severe article on the Register in connection with its an- j. nouncement of the Evening Journal." The Advertiser, knowing that the .original was j | not likely to receive a large share of public ; j notice, favours its readers -with choice ex- j tracts. Bitherto, it has been very chary of j admitting the South Australian kind of lite\x=req-\ i rature inijMta columns, and this exception i may require Bonne explanation. We think ! we can help the public out of the dilemma, j Mr. Ebenezer Ward has, with characteristic ! zest, blurted out falsehoods regarding the Register which th<i Express could only venture to insinuate. In his chagrin at the fiat contradiction he drew upon himself, our contemporary no doubt rejoices at being able to repeat these falsehoods on the safer if not more reliable authority of Mr. Ebenezer Ward. We do not take the trouble to repeat our denial, because Mr. Ebenezer Ward does not deserve such an honour at our hands. Whether or not any one was likely to be influenced by the romancing of the Express, that contingency is not at all to be thought of in the case of the Soitih Australian. We observe, however, that our contemporary has been doing j a little more on his own account. He says I that the Evening Journal'' has made no i difference in the circulation of the Express. i " We still print the same high number, and | sell them too." No doubt but there are j irregular as well as regular modes of sale j —the waste-paper kind, for instance, or the "sale and return" principle, which keeps so many country agents in wrapping paper. However, we are glad that the unexpectedly j large success of the Evening Journal has not ; injured its amiable predecessor. If the Express ! has retained all its circulation that onlycon\x=req-\ • firms our origin al conviction as to there being a | large class of readers whom it did not reach. ] It would be ungenerous in us to bear any ■ illwill to the Express, seeing that its t runners so often pay us the high compli\x=req-\ j ment of shouting "Evening Journal/' in order I to force off their own less saleable wares. We have done with this vulgar shoppy re\x=req-\ ■ crimination, and give our contemporary final I notice that he and Mr. Ebenezer Ward may I congratulate each other to their hearts' content on the great superiority of their fortunes to those of the Register. Tiie Sea Ripple.—The G overnment have made a clean breast of it as to the Sea Ripple, and to shame the sceptical Portonians, they have produced a bundle of marine surveyors' certificates," all of which prove her "to be very suitable for the Northern Territory." We subjoin- the whole series, including one or twodociunents which have appeared already:— "At the request of H. A. Coffey, Esq, wet be undersigned surveyed the schooner Sea liipple lying in the river Yarta, and found as follows:— '1'lie <ieck of Oregon and in good «rder, combines of hatches of hard wood, covering board Oregon. Tiie ship is built with iron frames and wood planking, the ansle irons of three incheB, 20 inches apart, with fl jors of doable anxle irons back to back. Stringers 4-inch thick of hard wood with three plants of same sizs below; bilge planks three of a eitle of 4-incli blue guru fastened tlirouili and; through. Keelson 13 s 12, blue gunj, with a 2-:nch rider, same timber, •i'he ;,] an king is secured to the frame Jby bolts, nuts, and screws. She has six large banging iron knees on each Bi le coming down over the bilge streaks. She has two main metal pnrnps and two bilare pumps, two bower anchors and one kedge, with two bower chains—short link of lfe-inch—one suit of sails in fair order, one boat in good order! She is iiued with wiie rigging fore and aft. The vessel throughout appears in good sound order and condition; we therefore consider her a very strong vessel of her coostruction. " Wu. Geo. Gsase, Surveyor to the Australian ! Insurance Company. '"Joseph Daish, Marine surveyor to the Vie; toria Insurance Company." I Copy of telegram from the Harbour-Master, ; Melbourne, to the Surveyor- General, Adelaide, , dated December 14,1SGS:— "I have inspected Sea Ripple, and found her a i good, sound, substantial vessel, and seaworthy to | any part of the world, aud wed found, i "A. Cakfbeia, Hafrbour-Master/' | "Melbourne, Dec. 11, I668. ■ " I this day surveyed the schooner Sea Hippie, ; lying in the Yarra, for the purpose of reporting on i the state of her hull and nature of her build, as , follows: — Angle-iron friises, say which she has i ample of in the bottom, a'MutSii in number, are back to b.ick riveted to form double fljnr. She has ; very heavy keelson, aud heavy thick bilge ■ streaks, and b -inu tilled or choked between the i angle- irons, under tiie-a are fastened through and ! through treenails. Her stanchions are of wood, : which run down ietweea the angle-irons forming her top. IJersheif-piecea are very heavy, also the streaks below. She baasirriron hanging knees on , each side, lodging knees of hunhvood grown timber. Decks,"Oregon, iier bottom is of hardwood; as I saw her frequently when building, kiio.v it is veiy heavy. The fastenings through i . the planking to the angle- iron is with 1 twits, held up wit!i nu!s. She is schooner\x=req-\ rigged, with wire rigging fore and a'r, and appears as firm and strong as wheu >-he l^ft ; this oii her first voyage. She lias two good ■ metal main pumps, two good bilge parap*, ground tackle complete and good; has cue suit of sails ia fair order; requires little or no outlay to go to sea, except provisions. [ Joseph Lucke. Surveyor to Home and Colonial Insurance Office and to the French Consulate at Melbourne." "Australian Insurance Company, Hall of Commerce, Melbourne, December 2d, ISiS. " I, the undersigned, having surveyed the ■ schooner Sea Ripple during the period of her | being in the dock and having her bottom over' hauled and felted and metalled with 20 and 2*2 cz. : iVluntz's patent me'a), I report that she is now in ! good seagoing condition. I recommend her as a good risk for insurance. " IV. G. Geane, Marine Surveyor." Telegram from Melbourne, December IS, 1S6S. " Sea Ripple is now being coppered. I think i she is very suitable for Northern Territory—light draught of water, good deck room, but will not beat to windward : will want more sails and running rigging. She has evidently bjen struck below, her false keel being Btai-ted. "T. F. Eicksell.'' Tin: Railway Rebate.—It is well for tlie farmers on. the Hue of railway to be aware that tlie differences between the railway agent and tlie raillers oil the subject of } the rebate have led the former to take action j which ru;iy be very inconvenient to them, i Mr. Gravestock, a farmer at freeling, lately I left 50 bags o£ wheat at the station there, [ addressed Jto Messrs. Verco & Lees, of the i Hindmarsh. Mill. Mr. llounsevell has a | claim of about £50 against that firm for ! cartage, which they decline paying on account I of his refusal to allow rebate, in accordance, i as they allege, with the published regula; tions. Hence Mr. Rounsevell has detained : Mr. G livestock's wheat, holding it as security against his claim upon Messrs. Verco and Lees. We believe this is strictlv in accordance with law, as a carrier lias a I lieu upon any goods that may be iu 1 his hands against debts due to him either by the consignor or the consignee; but we • imagine that farmers will be chary of ! sending their wheat by railway if there is : any danger of its being seized in this way tor disputed accounts with, which, they have ! nothing to do. We may mention, to the credit of Messrs. Yerco & Lees, that they are not suffering Mr. Gravestock to be inconvenienced in a pecuniary way, having already, though the wheat has not come into their possession, paid him very nearly its entire estimated value. Ba>~eing Returns.—The visual crop of . statistics which closes tke year has begun to J come in. Yesterday's Gazette contains the | Banking returns for the past six months, j The tendency of the currency movements exhibited by them is on the whole upward, i There is a falling off in the total average I liabilities, another in the note circulation, i and ditto in the stock of bullion. The prin- j cipal increase is in the total average assets, j and it implies, we presume, that so much more capital is finding employment. The liabilities have declined from £1,556,001 in the June half to £1,549,195 in the December half. The decline on the note circulation was proportionately heavier— from £258,101 in June to £225,708 in December. The balances due to other banks also fell from £27,709 to £18,272. The total extent of the decline was therefore fully forty thousand pounds.. But it was counteracted by an increase in the deposits —from £1,260,458 to £1,293,420—say thirty\x=req-\ three thousand pounds, and making the net contraction as shown in the total liabilities —about seven thousand pounds; not. a very material difference either way. On the side of assets there is an increase in the total from £'3,058,556 to £3,234,209, equal to £135,653. But ^eten this does not represent the whole extension .of business during the six months. The amount of notes and bills discounted rose from £2,459,037 in June, to £2,669,8S6—in even figures two hundred and ten thousand pounds. But there was a contemporaneous redustion in the stock of . coin and bullion from £371,975 to £332,065, say fortyythousand pounds. Putting the subordinate items out of account, as they nearly balance each other, the difference i between the increase of discounts and the ■ decrease of bullion closely approximates to j the increase in the total average assets. The ; two inferences which practically concern the i public are:—As regards liabilities, that the Banks held seven thousand pounds less of j their customers' money during the December half than in the June half; as regards assets, that they had advanced a hundred and seventy thousand pounds more in the second half than in the first. The latter indication at least is progressive. Mr. GOyder's Instructions.—The last i great secret has transpired as to Mr. Goyder's ] expedition—unless, of course, something i desperate is going to happen to the Sea ■ Ripple. The instructions were submitted to Parliament on Tuesday, and public j cariosity will be at once relieved by a ' perusal of them. They sustain the • reputation of the Strangways' Govern- i ment for a laconic style. They also completely justify the Ministerial assurance that j Mr. Goyder had received carte blanche. Mr. | Cavenagh has given him copies of the j i Northern Territory Acts, anu told him that j | arrangements will be made for forwarding j his letters to and from Galle. Everything i else is entrusted " to his long experience, the frequent communication he ; has had with the Government on the survey of the Northern Territory, and the manner j in which he has personally superintended the : fiitting-out of the present expedition." What- . ever should be the fate of this forlorn hope, ■ there will be nothing to reproach Mr. Cavenagh with. He and liis colleagues have played their dummy role most faithfully, if not brilliantly. Here follows tile last piece of Northern Territory history which we hope to have to trouble our readers with for some time to come.-— " Crown Lands Office, December 23.1868. "Sir—I have to enclose conics of the -Northern Territory Ac», No. *23 of 1863, and the Noiihern Territory Amendment Act, JSo. 30 of IStxi and to draw your attention to the provisions in the latter, by which certain land-OTder-Uotdurs become entitled lo 320 acres in lieu of ItiO aces. At the same time it will be necessary to provide for those who, in consequence of their not giving the necessary notice under clause b of Act 3 of IS are only emitled to the original arta of 100 acres, i "You will see that at present the Government are not in a position to lay dawn distinctly in what proportions the respective areas will be ciuiniabje. *• if our long experience, the frequent cumtnuni\x=req-\ cation between the Government ami yourself on the subject of the survey of the .Northern Territory, an i the manner in which you have personally superintended the fitting out. of the present expedition with every requisite, reader it unnecessary for me to lay down any instructions on points of detail. " l'he Government fesl assured that your bsst efforts aad those of your party will be devoted to securiuff the success of an untierfciiki-ig wiiicii when accomplished cannot fa-l to reflect great credit ou those who have achieved it, "I have to request you to draw up a written ; memorandum of instructions, which will remain ■ sealed until require ! for the guidance or one c f your surveyors (and the selection of whom is left to you) in the event of any unforseen accident befalling you, or any circumstance requiting you j to leave the command of the party for a time. j " It will be well that your clerk, or soma othe* ■ officer, should be aware that sucii-a document is in existence, but, as desired by you, no further par- j ticulars ueed be made known. "I trust to hear by the Mocnta on its return from Port Darwin of the safe arrival there of the expedition. and shail avail rayseif of any opportunity of communicating with you. "At the proper time you will receive the advices of the steps taken with regard to the return transport of yourself and your party. ".Letters will be 2dJressi;d to the Postmaster- ! General at Galle and to the a-rents of the itoyal j mail steamer at Bataria Timor. Koepahfr, as j requested by you, asking them to oblisre hy facilitating the dispatch of letters to or from you 1 arriving at Galie, on their way to cr from tnglaud ] or Australia. j "The < Joloni d Secrefciry of Ceylon will also be-1 apprised of your mission, and wiSl be requested to aid in matins widely known that, in the event of any assistance being rendered or supplies furni died, your orders on the Treasury in Adelaide, as well as the usual otA-ts issued f.tr the pay of your party, will be promptly honoured on due presentation. ! "lam, &c.;, j —Register. " W. Cavesaoh." j Tiie Ari'UoriiiATiox Bjj.l.—The Government, after very comfortably weathering rhe storms of Parliamentary life for two motiik=, liave a clear prospect of recess before the m. The Appropriation Bill, the death-knell to the tedious discussions of a session, "w.t:s on Friday passed through the Assembly. The -whole operation of introduction, first a:i;l second readings, consideration in Committee, third reading, and passing, scarcely recapied half an liour. A conclusive answer to all o£ prolonging the meeting of Parliament is now placed at the disposal of the Government, and they will not be slow to avail themselves of it. A few days more will see the closo of ihe first session of the new Assembly. THE Sea BrprLE.—The fjoverisineiil have determined not to lisk the sending of the Sea Hippie to the Northern Territory, in ihe face of the adverse report of the Board of sea eaptams who rccemiy inspected her. They are at present ia treaty with Mr. Darivent, the owner of the uiilnr.re, and if his terms are such as they cau narec to, that vessel wilt be dispatched. In the event of the negotiations failing t' e Government survey cc'iooncr f'iiadsrs is to be sent without delay. The Southern TEEnixoitr P.t,-:s^hved Heats. —It is interesting to knos? that aiihoueh the Sea Hippie has been unable to si.-inJ the test of a marine inspection, the prwetved meat brought over in her from Victoria i= i h-nov-shiy suitable i not only for the Jforthcm but for con- j sumers in any part of the ;;j.ne of (his is j tinned according to li'i.c! J-/:; process, and I some of it preserved in ; .A trial i-as been made of both sorts at Fort Adelaide, and the judgment of r.H e-yucetncd has been unanimous, to the eiilct uiat it is in admirable condition. We h.=.ir that some vessels in Melbourne are now tzk.rg supplies of the preserved meat for oidimv.y use instead of salted provisions, and in !ee J there -.ire ubandant m<ik-n\x=req-\ tions that tliis article cf foo l wii! soon heccrj^ in large request. Is will be vdsd .-in oil the p;u£ rf South Australian Ccnip'tnks to e-ury out a!t necessary preliminaries withoas <ic!.iy in order to assist in the supply of this growing demand. Pees3?tebia:> Ch;:scu, Post Adelaide.— The annual congregations! reeding of this Church was held on the evening or the 11th inst. The pastor, the Rev. James Henderson, presided, and having opened the meeting ivith devotional services, made a few .-iiirab'e remarks 011 the great object of Church organ':: ,iiou. and urged to a diligent use of the means of grace established in their midst. Thereafter reports were submitted of the various schemes and fancies uf the Churcb. from which it appeared that satisfactory progress had characterised ail the operations of last 3ear. Grateful reference was ra:>.d.'. to the completion ot tile Manse scheme, and satisfaction was expressed that the pastor was n-nv 111 the occupation of a comfortable and commodious house, the property of the congress.:io;i. 'ihe Treasurer submitted Ills balance-sheet, frcra which it appeared that during the year there iui.l been raised by the congregation for u'Jsiiovmy, benevolent, and congregational purposes i'js sum of £7'J3 15s. Sd. Votes of thanks were verv cordially accorded to several Kind friends bsj oiid she bounds of the congregation who had during the year assisted some of the schemes of the Church. S he meeting v.-a3 closed with devotional e-2 rvices.— Coma luiicalcd. Wheal Hughes Mislxg CoiirAXT.—The ftalf\x=req-\ yearly meeting of the above Company was held ia White's Arbitration Hoomon Thursday afternoon, January 14. There was a large attendance of ! shareholders, and Dr. Phillips occupied the C'fanir. [ The Secretary, Sir. J. S. Scott, read the Directors' 1 report to December 31, 1S6S. They congratulated ! the shareholders upon the present prospects of the mine, and ha«l inacli pleasure in recommending a : dividend of 10 s. per share, S he captain's report as to operations at the mine was also r^atl, and a baiauce-sheet presented which sbon-ed £3,013 5s. 10 the credit of the Company. Mr. Mitchell, in answer to the Chairman, said at the end of ths month they would have 70 tons of 25 per cent, ore at gra^e, and there was evidence of a very substantial lode which went into their own section. On the motion of theChairman, seconded by Mr. Elyth. M.P., the report and balance-sheet was adopted. The meeting then elected Mr. Knox as Director iu place of one resigned. Letters were read from Messrs, Anthony, S. Lazar, and IJodiTa, applying for the restoration of shares upon which I calls had not been paid up. Mr. Cjwie cx- j plained that felr. Anthony's neglect was un- [ avoidable. Mr. Whitington moved, and Mr. Black- 1 ham seconded, "That Mr. Anthony's share* i be restored on payment of 2s. 6d. tine per share." I This was carried against an amendment by Mr. j Cowie that the fine be Is. The meeting also decided to restore Mr. Kodda's shares on the same 1 term?, whilst Mr. .Lazar's were declared to be for- [ feited. A proposition was made by Mr. Biackham to increase the remuneration to the Directors { for the next half-year from £52 to £104. but the j question was ultimately postponed tot the conside- ' ratign gf the anuual meeting. The Gold BrcctAnGXS. JL well attended pre ] iiminary meeting was held on Monday Evening at the El Dorado Hotel, Yatta, to consider the ne*r. gold regulations, with a view to their repeal or amendment. After four hours' consultation the meeting was adjourned till the following evening, when the business was completed, and it was resolved to call a public meeting for the purpose of= submitting the regulations as amended to the diggers; in order that a memorial may be presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands by a deputation appointed by the diggers. The meeting was presided over by Mr. Wm. Kandall/of Glen Para. To some of the regulations no objection was made; others were regarded as harmless, or to be tolerated, while many were considered absolutely ptohibi\x=req-\ tory.and were accordingly rejected. The* first preliminary meeting was composed of about 16 practical diggers. Borne having an interest in reefs, o-hera not, but the greatest unanimity prevailed throughout. Fbightful Fatal Accident at Goolwa.— A frightful accident occurred at Currency Creek on Monday evening, January 11, by which a man well known in the district as Cranky Johnson, lost his life. The unfortunate man had been to Goolwa during the day, where he had been drinking. On returning to Currency Creek, he got up a race with another man; and. while riding along at 1 a furious rate, his horse turned off against a comer\x=req-\ ■ post, and threw him, fie fell on his bead, and was picked up senseless. Assistance being on the spot, ^ everything that could he done under the circum\x=req-\ i stances was done; but he died at aa early hour on - ; the following morning, never having regained con: sciousness. An inquest was held on the body on Tuesday afternoon, at the Currency Creek Hotel, before Mr. S. F. Laurie, S.M., and a Jury of l2, i when the following facts were eli<;itfidL Joseph j Oiaughton, sworn, said—A race.-was proposed on ■ I Monday evening, between Matthew Irons and-de^ | ceased, : Tjhey "as©^ iaife to start them. Before j they got to Mr. folding's Johnson's horse tnrned ■ off against the conier-post, and threw him. I ran • and picked him up, and got assistance from Mr. | Wills to help. <Jot some water and bathed his head and washed his face till Mr. Jones came. ' James Alleu, sworn—Was in the store about half\x=req-\ I past 7 p.m. Heard horses galloping. Went to the i door, and saw Johnson's hor-e rideiiess. Saw Johnson lying down; his head was close against the post, and blood was oozing from ear and nose. I Got a towel, and helped to wash the blood away. | Asked if he was hurt, hut got; no answer. Saw j him lifted up a'-d carried away. Saw him several times during the evening. He was uncon\x=req-\ ] scious and Weed mg i rom the ear. There was scarcely i any wound except a small one on the crown of ; the head, hut blood continually oozed from the left ; ear. Noticed no other sign. The last time I saw him was about 11 p.m. The accident occurred about half-past 7 la-t night. He had been pal\x=req-\ loping the same horse about all the afternoon. He was not sober. Stephen (folding, sworn—When I ] saw deceased first he was coming from the creek. ; Understood he was going to have a race. Just as i he got off the old track heard him say, "Off." He j turned to the left, Thought he was going to take ■ the fence, instead of which he turned to the right ■ and cam-; on to the fence. There was a cry from j the bystanders for water. 1 went and saw them i washing and bathing him, and then they carried him away in their arms. Deceased told me that he ■ had been to the Goolwa. The Jury returned the : following verdictThe deceased's death was accidental, but caused by furious riding." i ! Child neaelt Dkowjted.—On Tuesday a Utile ' child between two and three years cf age, the i daughter of the Kev. J. JK. Ferguson, met with an ' alarming accident. She, with other youilifu j members of the family, had been allowed to visit : some young friends a short distance from home, j and while at play in the yard she cot upon the well, ! the cover of which giving way, sl:e was precipitated j to the bottom, about 30 feet. The accident was . observed, and an alarm instantly given. After | some delay, caused by the necessity cf getting a I stronger rope, a young man (Joseph Bsynes) was ' lowered dofrn, and succeeded in bringing to the . surfa e what appeared to be the lifeless form of the child, Itwas soon, however, seen that life K'at, not uuife extinct, and proper means were imme\x=req-\ . diatelj taken to pruiaoLe warmth and circulation, ! and Dr. Fisher was spi-ediiy in attendance., 1 HanpiVy the means Jised, proved efficacious. The j little one has been spared, is now running about ■ j again, and exhibits but slight traccs of the accident. ACCIDEST TO THE K.EV. J. UoCK -OF &TJBOKI.;— An accident happened on Tuesday, January 12, at Auburn, to the Bev. J. llock (Bible Christian Minister) and his wife. They were pr-eparisg to take a drive, when the horse attached to the vehicle in which they were seated started off at a furious ■ pace, capsizing the trap when rounding a corner ■ and throwing the occupants out. Kotwithstaading their bein? thrown ou the hard metalled road, we i beVicve Mr. aud Mrs. llock escaped without any broken bones. They were placed under the care of Dr. Walls, when they were fou id to be very much bruise:!; but nothing serious is anticipated, although Mrs. llock is in a very delicate state of health. Shocking Death at Gotit.teb's Wells.—A shocking death occurred at Gottlieb's Wells on Thursday last, when one of Sir. McCulloch's i shepherds, named Eoaald Campbell, was drawing for sheep, in company with an a siitant (William ! Maxweii). They had watered all but 3^0 of the ■ dock when. the rope o£ one <_■£ the buckets broke, and the bucket fell to the bottom of the well, a ! <J'sta:ice of iCO feet. The men. endeavoured to com\x=req-\ pitta their task with the remaining backet, but in a . shoittinie deceased became impatient, and proposed that one of them should go dewn for the other. : He decided that he wouWdo so, and as there wa3 i only one man at the windlass, refused to be | lo^ere-i down, aad determined to descend the rope lite a sailor, he having been connccted ; with shipping when iu Scotland, He said [ he could go down in this manner iu j pcrfect b ;fety. Be started, and apparency had no i difficulty for the first 3'J feet, 'ihe next 2J he ! appeared to he moving very rapidly, and then gave a piercing shriek. In a second a dull heavy fall ; vra? heard at the bottom of t!i-j well, and ail was silent. Maxwell called to deceased, but no answer was returned, and the former immediately -went in search of assistance to a shepherd two miles distant. Being nearly blind from natural infirmity, he lost his way, anil although he started at iO o'clock, lie failed to rcacii ub destination until -1 o'clock in ihe afternoon. Th'j two men th?n went; to the well. When there, they could do nothing alone, and Maxwell again started for assistance~to the overseer's (Mr. .Burton's) residence, 10 iniies distant. On the road he met Mr. Burton's son on horseback, who immediately went hack to the station. There assistance was obtained, and about half an hour before daylight next morning three men got to the well, and by means of grappling- irons raUed deceased to the surface. He appeared to have been killed before he reached the water, as the back part of his skull was fractured and the bra in protruding. Only aitiiut three fest of water was in the well ■when deceased fell down. The body was taken to the 2>urr.i, and ail inquest was held before Sir. | Cbailoner, J.P., at the White Hart, Aberdeen, ! wheii our correspondent reporta that tti3 above | facts were elicited, and a verdict of accidental death '.vas returned, The deceased's only friend in the colony, so far as known by I>fr. McCulloch's oveseer or the shepherd, was Mr. McDougall. teacher, of O.U. Fiat, aiount '..;a;ub;er. Deceased had been a steamboat engineer by trade. Another fire is Mr. Duffield'.-s Paddocks. —One of Air. Dufiield's paddocks caught fire again on Thuisd-iy; but it is ua lerswod there was no much damage dqne. Fakiuxg Affaigs axd Wheat-Cleaning at Aubujin.—Our correspondent writes on January 1 :—" Ihe weather at Auburn is everything that could be desired for the farn;;n.? operations now goinat on. This is the finest season ever known in the district for reaping, as the fanners are having a complete succession of favourable weather. Last week it was oppressively hot; but we bare now a delightful change. Heaping is nearly at an end; most have finished, ami winnowing is being j carried ou energetically: aiibougti but little is 1 cleaned up as yet, this having beunueglccted forthe purpose ox makinjr sure of the reapng while tlie sun Elioae, consequently very, little has found its way into the Aubura market. A very large quantity wilt bs delivered at Auburn this year, it being centrally situated, having r.ow lzrsre u •■joiamoda\x=req-\ tion for that business, and four able buyers, who, doubtless, will Hive au adequate price. I regret to hare to complain of what has Ions been an existing evil in Boutli Australia, viz, the very dirty samples which, so many farmers oiler for sale, excusing themselves by saying they canaut by any means get the rubbish out. It can be done, and it might lie an advantage to Eome of your readers if I state how. Here is a case in point. Last night itr. Barber brought to me a sample of wheat, and asked its value in Auburn. 1 said 3s. There was a lot of wild oats and drake in it. He then showed me a sample that was perfectly clean—neither a drake nor oat to be seen. lie said they were the same wheat; only cleaned by two different machines. Let the farmer do what he could, one of these machines could not get the rubbish out; the other did twice the quantity, and the result was as above. We must look to our interest in the English market in the long future, aud our name will stick to us. I trust ail the exporters will bear this in mind, aud denounce that principle which hitherto has done us such an in justice, viz, encouraging the sale of dir.y "wheat. Let us try to get a j;ochl name in .England, and doubtless it will serve us for years to come. Business is still quiet and money very scarce." The Chops neab. Fileellxg.—The following reply to one of our wheat circulars issued two months ago has justcoaie to Land. The respondent has evidently deferred answering until he could speak of the crops with certainty. We publish it with pleasure. Area sown about same as last year; about two-thirds with shrivelled seed. It came up weakand sickly, hue gradually improved to near as good as wheat froai pood Becd. Bed rust very prevalent. Damage slight Tabeatl making headway uorthward. Other blight, some deaf-heads. Anticipated aveiajre yield of wheat, nine or ten bushels per acre. Bar'ey, not much grown. Oats, cone growth Bay, one ton and a half. Wild oats are on the increase though constant cropping. Fawns too sm.-sll. A number have a\i eye to the Interior. — James Harvey, Nam Farm, near Freeling. Januw Stth. I Attempt to Bobs the Resrutk Posx-Opfics-. —A. diabolical attempt was made on the emungoltj the 12th instantto eet fire io tbe jPtjat-Oifice,-;! Bednith. When Mr. Davey,tbe Poetmastet, Was V; emptying the letter-box at 30 o'clock, for th» : purpose of makingnp tbe mall. tie found a box cfeft matches and a pill-box oFashee, the latter appa-c rentiy ligying been hot wkenputin tbe letter--\x=req-\ receiver, as tbe box was scorcbed. Thepolice am - oa the alert to discover the offender, who richly deserves punishment. FiSE Jlf BUSDLKST&EET.;—On Friday night . ; about half-past 10 a fire broke out on the premises\x=req-\ occupied by Mr. Leaver, jim., the hatter, No. 20,, Bundle-street, next door to Messrs. Dona'dBon,, Andrews, & Shetland. No persons were onthe\x=req-\ premises at the time, but some young men in the ^ employ of the drapery firm mentioned, and who—, were engaged late for stock-taking, gave the alarm,, and a crowd collected. Some time appears to , have elapsed before tbe reels and fire brigade arrived, but a copious supply or water prevented the fire spreading to the adjoining places of business. or the results would nave been something fearful. The shop appears to be completely guttec^. but household and cither goods at the rear and in-_. the rooms, upstairs were saved. We understand * the stock is fuuy insured. Rev. W. A. Claxton.—The Herald reports that on Sunday last the platform of the Kapunda Baptist Church was draped in black as a mark of respect to the late Rev. W. Claxton, formerly minister of the church. We also note that the Rev. Morgan Williams (Congregational) intends preaching on the uncertainty of life, as exemplified in this case. The pulpit of the Congregational Church, was occupied by Mr. Claxton on the Sunday evening preceding his departure for Melbourne. The Geelong Advertiser's Melbourne correspondent says:—"Death has laid his hand on a gentleman very much respected in his circle. The Rev. W. A. Claxton, Baptist minister, of South Yarra, expired at 8 o'clock this .morning. The rev. gentleman formerly resided at Kapunda, South Australia, where he sought rest and relaxation after an arduous career in India. It is feared that the wife and family of the deceased have been left with very little provision for their support." COUPORATIOX ADDRESS TO SlB JaS. FERGCSSON\x=req-\ —By the Coorong, which arrived last night. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide received the illuminated address, referred to a dsy or two ago\x=req-\ in cur Melbourne telegram, as having been prepared for presentation to Sir Jas. Fergusson. It is a really beautiful specimen of penmanship, the colours being laid on with great taste, and the general effect being admirable. Unfnrtuuately, however, au error occurs in the spelling of oar J new Governor's surname, one "s" being in-erted • instead of two. But for this blemish the address j is in every respect worthy of the object to which j it is to be applied. j THAiTitsGrasG for Harvest.—The followingis I the form of prayer sanctioned by the Bishop of Adelaide for the use of the Church of England on ! Sunday, January 2J, the day appointed for thanks, giving on account of the harvest. It is slated to be "adapted from the form agreed ou by both Houses cf Convocation of the Province of Canterbury. February 14,18G2— " Morning and evening prayer shall he the same, with the usual office for holy day.*, except where it is in ibis office otherwise appointed. "PROPER I'SALSIS. " Two or more of the following Psalms 6hall be used at the discrectiou of the minister :—Ps. Ixv,,. Ixxxi., ciiL, civ, cxliv. cslvii. •' X'EOPER LESS0S9. "Forthe First Lesson, one of the followingshall be lead, at the discretion of the minister: -Deut. viii., 7; xxvl, 1 to v. J2; Deut. sxviii., 1 to v. 15; Deut. xxxii., 7 to v. 2(5; Deut. xxxiii., 2<3; Isaiali sxviii., 23; iioseaii., 14. ' "For the Second Lesson, one of the following:— St. Matt, xiii., 24 to v. 31; St. Juhn iv., 3i to v. 33; St. John vL, 26 to v. 36; 2 Cor. is, 6; fiev. aiv., 14 to v. 19. " COLLECT. " O Almighty Gcd. who in past years didst ean?e tbe pastures of the wilderness to be dried up: tbe harvest of the fi-;!d to perish; and the husbandmen to be ashamed; and now in mercy has given us the former and the latter rain moderately, asd restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season: give us grace also to use the same to Thy glory, and the relief of these that need, as well as ourostn comfort. Teach us also to remember that • Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeded out of the mouth of God.' Thou has sent Thine own beloved Son to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may live by Him for ever: wiio now liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Ho:y Ghost, Gne Gcd» . | world without end. Amen. "After the general thanksgiving shall be said the following j " O Lord God of Hosts, who dwellest in tbe high 1 and holy place, and yet hast respect unto the lowly; who makest Thy sun to rise on the evil and on the good, andsendestrainonthe just and on the unjust; who by Thy mighty power dost order ail things in i heaven and earth; we yield Thee hearty tiianfcs that Thcu bast safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning tbe year with Thy goodness: we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast bestowed upon u?, £ iing our hearts with food and gladness. For these and all Thy mercies we U'.ud aad magnify Thy glorious Name; beseeching Thee to give onto us the increase of al! spiritual gifts, the bright light"- of the Sua of llighteousness, and the de-.v o! Thy heavenly blessing; and so p'.-mt us here in the house of the Lord, that we may Sourish everlastingly in the courts of the hou:,e of our God: through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and ttie Holy Ghost l>e all honour aud glory, now ami for evermore. Amen. " ICE OP.DKR OF THE ADMISISTRATIOX OF THE LOHD'3 8UPPHB. OB HOLT CJMXOXroK. "Instead of the Collcct for the day shall be user! the Collect provided above for morning and evening prayer. "The iSpistle.—1 Thess. v, 14 to v. 24 "The Gospel.—t-t. Matt. siiL, 36 to v. 41; or St. John vL. 5 to v. 15." Mr. Geeeabd's Stud.— By the Coorong on Thursday night, January 14, arrived Mr. Gerraid's well-known trainer Jordan, bringing with him tfro mares who recently attended the Ace of Ciubs levee at Maribymong. One of ihsse is 3D old acquaintance. Regalia, who it will be remembered bioke down bifore the last great Cup race in Victoria, Under her present management she is likely to make a name for herself as a splendid breeding mare if in no other capacity. The other is a Tuachstone mare, Ordeal, a very valuable animal. 'J'hey are bath at the Napoleon Buonaparte stabler at present, where, no doubt, many interested in. horse-breeding, will pay their visit of inspection. The Otheii Side of the Pictgbe.—Mr. Tlioa. P. Scott, an old resident in this district, left with his family by steamer for Adelaide, where, we (Porlldnd Guardian) understand, lie m-?ans to\x=req-\ settle. Mr. Scott first arrived in South Australia in 1333, and since that time has liad considerable experience in the ups and downs of colonial life. Just prior to the time of Grant's Amending 1 and Act, 1865. Mr. Scott purchased the Conriah Station at -fSlVJUO, if we be correctly infunned. and two years a'terwards for pastoral purposes the station was not worth so many pence, ilr. Scott, after a 30 years'1 struggle in the battle of colonial life, and the loss of a fortune, will have to commence a^ain dc novo. Legislation has much to answer for, not only in the case of ilr. !Sco:t, but many others. Elver Xeyts, Shipping Items, Wool Washing, axd Botlikg Dowy. — Our Blanehetown letter of January 11 says—"Since my last the steamers Providence, Jolly Miller, Prince Alired. and Vesta have gone up fully loaded with station stores. The continued fail of the rivet—a warning of a speedy end to the season's traffic by that route\x=req-\ —has rendered every one anxious to get goods forward before it does close. There is one new industry sprung up here, \~z., that .Messrs. Teasdale and others are erecting a very complete plant for woolwashinft. aud it is in cuntempi.-.tion to form a Company to erect the nccessary works, to boil down surplus stock and prepare meat by licensing the most approved process for shipment to England. We also look forward to the day whi u no fat stock wi.l be driven beyond this i-lace from iJirerina for the Adelaide market, but that abba\x=req-\ tojrs will he erected, and tbe butchers in Adelaide be enabled to telegraph each evening what meat they require for next ilay's trade. Iu the tivuicg it will be killed, and by night's train f^rwardrd to town in fine, cool, sound condition. It must eoiae to this. It is a mere matter of rloijg nothing unii compelled — truly our colonial character — that delays it even now. Again, iu ^lial place on eartli having such magnificent water privileges would one colony coolly stand by aud see the neighbour\x=req-\ ing colonies utilitiziug their wools by the manufacture of a cloth that has a world-wide fame ? Cannot we take a place amongst the manufacturers that clothe the world ? Shall we be the lai-t in ibis and many another natural industry net compel'):# with older communities, but natural from cur ve.y position ¥' The Esmebalda.—Several specimens of ore from the Esmeralda property were exhibited at the Exchange this morning. There has been considerable activity in regard to the shares of tfce Company, and prices hare advanced materially. Tub Harvest.—From Macclesfield, on January* 12, we learn that harvest, work is progressing favourably, the weather having been suitable. Most of thte crops are being reaped by machinef, as present prices will not allow of hand-reaping and all the attendant expenses of thrashing; &c.; The samples of wheat are generally good, and the crops will yield quite as much as was expccted. At the Meadcwe harvest operations are being vigorously prosecuted, but the actual yield is not ascertainable, as very few have cleaned up yet; it nil! probably be somewhat under first anticipations. Gawlek Institute.—The tenth annual meeting of the members of the Gawlsr Institute took place on Tuesday last. A bout. 25 ^persons were present; Mr. Burton, the President, in t!:e chair. The balance-sheet and repott were read abd adopted* aad a vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officer#. The following gentlemen were elected to act during the coming year, viz, Mr. L. S. Burton\x=req-\ a? President; Mr. W. If. Jjcwia, VLe-Presidenti Mr.U. Palmer, Treasurer; Air. E- Payne, Hon. ,c«c.; and Blessre. Bailey, fti i'chci!, Noli, Jolm Martin, John J. Gordon, aud Wssifc-feLl as uiC5tt» bets of Oommittce. 