Therm tire some subjects which once occupied n prominent position in the political programme which, by ths ef fluxion of time and the altered opinions of the country, nro quite antiquated, USttU U|'j '# awtl tl WW5VIUIVJ I in fact, an -u. Prominently among these old ideas of an effete political party, may undoubtedly be ranked in discriminate pauper immigration. So well recognised is the fact that this has passed altogether out of any possible programme at tho present time, that it lias ceased to be urged as the opinion of any section of the community or quoted as the programme of any poli tical party. It held its ground man fully, so long as there wa3 n chance of minority rule being established, but when political power, in the Assembly at- least, passed iato tho hands of tho great majority of the people, the mani fest injusticeof importing pauper labour at the public expense to compete in tho .labour market with those who elected tho democratic chamber was so patent, that, with one or two ill-natured growls, it was abandoned. More' than one attempt was made to bring the influence of the audit commis- sioners to bear on what was styled a neglect of tho provision, of the Land Act of 1802. A certain proportion of the land revenue is therein set apart for the purposes of immigration, but the amount has never been' absorbed. Certain regulations were framed, em bodying a system of family assisted immigration, but in prnctico it was found that the action of the population in this direction, however beneficial in a social aspect, did not absorb the im migration fund. Tho balance has con sequently lapsc-d into the consolidated revenue. We arc at a loss to tinder- stand why a furore of virtuous indig nation should bo daily poured out on a subject which, was virtually decided yenrs ago. Surely there are topics of public interest of vital importance to the progress and prosperity of the colony without ovokiug ghosts of defunct evils — old battle cries which have lost their meaning — mero lay figures set up to show how easily they enn . ho knocked down. Wo havo no intention or desire to exult over defeated political op ponents, or to exaggerate die advance nclunii r made in progressive politics ; bnt any writer who .mnkes an onslaught oil the folly and" wicked ness of immigi'ndou at: tho pro- sent time, and does Off the .ground that we have our own pauper population to support, acts cither wickedly or foolishly. Either ho does not know, that the policy against which lie raves is quite as impossible oi adoption--in this colony us it' would ha to mako the Ynrra pure j or clso' he seeks. to renew, under the faint gui.se of _ opposition, that struggle of classes which has oiily rnr»PT>t1v hoi>n l»vntiv!tf tn o rPI%n real danger is, not that wo shall return to an indiscriminate anil altogether un checked pauper immiirrnuoii at the public expense, but that the subject is so surrounded with prejudice, past in justice, and party traditions, that the most honest and hearty endeavours to place tho question on a just and equi table footing will bn defeated. Our own solution of the diflieiilty — and one wiiiuu wu ynif.nj iw ut: tiouumi iiy UJU more thoughtial ami judicious minds in Parliament and directing tlie Press, and shared in hy a very largo proportion of the general population of every class — is, flint a liberal national subsidy should be given towards the establishment of direct steam communication c'ui tho Cape. Provision should ho mado under this contract that the fates charged should suit overy desirable class of immigrants. Place Victoria side hy side with New York as regards facility, for reaching it. Fixed dates of sailing, rapid pas sages, low fares, and the flood of infor mation which would deluge England with rospeot. to tho state, condition, and prospects of all classes in Victoria, trnnll) lnin/lil i nm. oi'aiam nf fami'lif —»»»— J UHl j I7«UIU Ui illiUIIJ iitpiii, Uliliy IU - LUUSU shores as many immigrants as circum stances render wise ami desirable.' To obtain this great practical! advance on tho present system will require a large amount of public' spirit, judicious ad vocacy, and tin absence of party .strife in the Legislature, it should be uni versally recognised by those who aspiro to guide public opinion, and. the actual combatants in the political arena, that colonisation has superseded tho old idon embraced in immigration. In this way it has passed out: of tlio arena of conflict, and assumes a form in which it should receive the hearty co-opera tion of both the advocates and op ponents of the old system :of- immigra tion. If tho question is pntered upon during the presentsosaiori in this spirit, nn advance may bo made fraught with incalculable advantages to the colony ; but no possible good can arise from at tempts to renew the old feud about immigration. Indignation poured on wrongs which expire 1 years ago, is very like pouring water on a drowned rat. One of the n:o it barefaced swindles of modem times, which, uufcwt-acate-ly, was too successful in itf design, and created wide-spread misery and doso- lation in hundreds of families, is at Inng'h to receive judicial investigation. The directors of the once famous and since infamous firm of Overbed, Gu rkby and Co., are nrrnipned before a eourt of justice, charged that they being directors of a certain company, styled Overbed, Gurnet and Co., (limited), unlawfully and deceitfully conspired together, and by divers false pretences 'and statements with re ference to the affairs and condition of the company, induced the complainant and the public generally to subscribe and take shares in the said company, with intent to cheat nnd defraud them of large sums of money. '1 he pro ceedings were conducted at tho Jlnn- sion- houso, before the Lord Mayor, and created intense excitement utnong that largo section of the commercial world, as well as the general public, which had (suffered by the sudden and unlooked for collapse of the, at that time, world renowned firm or company. The charge is simply a misdemeanour, nnd if conviction follows, imprisonment or fine, at tho option ot the court, is tlio penalty. The parties charged are Mr ITbnry Gurnbv, Mr Hohekt Birkdkck, Mr Henry Geoiigb Gor don, Mr William E e.n.nik, Mr ITpnht Ford Barclay, and Mi- William IIknry GunxnY. It will bo remembered that the whole of the above also constituted the partnership in tlie original firm. When it was resolved to change tlie private firm into a company with limited liability, it was represented as being at the height of commercial success, and beyond tbe grasp of a private firm. Tho stock of the company consisted of £100 shares, on which £25 had been paid up ; nnd so highly was the venture regarded that these shares rose to £45. When the collapse came, the ruiu wns so tho rough that the balance ot the £100 shares had to he cnlled up, bringing ruin nnd misery on thousands of families. The counsel for the prosecution suited in his opening address that at tbe jimo of the formation of the company, the original firw, so far from being in me prosperous condition sra.cn, was hopelessly insolvent, and by false statements induced the pub lic to subscribe £5,000,000, the whole of which was lost. Counsel mode tho further extraordinary and almost incredible statement, that at tho period of the transformation of the original firm into a limited company the assets were only L125,000, nnd the liabilities L23,000,000. Tho firm was hopelessly and irretrievably ruined nt the time, and should have declared itself so, when the dividend could not have exceeded one shilling in the pound. Tho members of the old firm were con stituted the board of directors of tbe new company, and means were adopted to prevont any one else being placed on tho directory. The first hearing took place on "the 1st of January, and ns the files by the mail only reach to that date, all tbe particulars of this extraordinary case aro not yet to hand. -The allega tions,. however, are serious, clear, and complete, ' and the caso appears to have been introduced to tlie court in a very careful manner. I f the evidence to be produced supports the distinct charges made, then one of tho most shameful, - cruel,, and disgraceful com mercial swindles recorded in the annals of London will have been legally proved. On tho other hand it is said that tho defendants are countenanced hy some of the most eminent merchants and hankers of the city of London, and that bail to any amount will bo forth- coining. Tho proceedings wero ex pected to last several days. The mansgomont of the Melbourne Hos pital does not seem to improve. A few days ago a nurse i was dismissed for alleged cruelty to a child, who had been under her care, in order that she might be treated lor club-loot. w ltlnu the last day or two charges and counter- charges made by lhe resident dispensers against ench other hare had to be investigated. Tho opinion is fast gaining ground that the hospital should bo under one head, who rrou'd have the entire control of nil the other officials'. At prosent the responsibility ap pears lo bo divided between tho secretary. tlio committee, and the medical stall. 11 would never do to introduce tho manners and customs of the Lands Titles Office into onr principal charitable institution. Mr. Fellows's bill for the bettor repre sentation of the people, and for amending tho laws relating to 1'arliamont and the responsible Ministers of tbo Crown, hns been printed and circulated. It proposes to Bohcdulo tbe offices to be filled by responsible Ministers, and lo mako them nnaltcrablo except by net of Parliament. It ulso provides for a subdivision of tho fourteen thousand pounds provided ns salaries for responsible Ministers, in tho following order:— Chief Secretary, L1S00; Attornoy-Gcnornl, L1800 ; Treasurer, L1S00 ; Commissioner of Crown Lands, LHOO ; Commissioner of Public Works L12i>> ; Commissioner of Costoms, L1200; Solicitor General, L12Q0; Commissioner of Mines, L1200 ; Postmaster- General, L 1200 j Commissioner of .llailwaye, L1200. It 53 also provided that an oxohengo of office shall not vacate tho Minister's seat. Sections 1 'to 5 embody provisions to increase the number of mombers of tho Council from thirty to thirty-sir. The inoreaso is provided for by having two members instead of one elected for the six provinces at tho periodical elections whieh take place in 1870 and 1872\. Sections 6 to 18 inclusive deal with the representation of minorities. Ararat and Maryborough aro to return ono only, instead of two members, nsat pro- soyti Ballarat West, the Ovens, and Cres- wick are to bare an additional member each. Emerald Hill, Saudridge, and Williams town aro to be merged into one constitu ency under the style and title of tho Metropolitan Boroughs, nnd return three members. G eelong East and W ost are to be joined in political wedlock, and lo have one member taken from them, returning three instead of four members, as at pre ' sent. Granville, andPolwortli and South Grenville are to be united ns a tbroo corner constituency. Gipps Land North and Sonth havo an additional member, nnd thus as ono constituency return three members. Belfast and W arrnambool aro to be merged in Yilliers and lleytosbury, with three members, and thus another three centered constituency is formed. Brighton retains to 8outh Bonrlto, of which electorate it once formed part— the united constituency has threo members East Bonrko Boroughs is joined to Esst Bonrke; and Kilmore and Kynetoa are merged in Dslhonsie ; and thus, with three members cacb, two more three cor nered constituencies are formed. Sootion 18 provides ns follows: — "At the next general and every subsequent eleotion fur any electoral district at which threo mem bers aro to bo elected erory elector (in stead of giving ffnd exercising ns mnny rotos as thero are mombers to be then nnd there elected) may givo and exercise two votes only ; and at the next general and every subsequent election for any electoral district at which less than threo members nre to bo elected and also at every period ical election every elector (instead of giving and exercising as many votes ns thero nro members to bo then and thero elected) may give and excrcijo ono voto only; nnd any ballot- paper recording more than tho pro per number of votes shall be re jected at tho close oi tho poll." Tho increase of tho members of tbo Assembly and the alteration in tho consti- tstion of the Assembly, together with the proposed new mode of recording votes, maybe regarded ns tho leading principles of "tho measure. Tho remaining seetions only deal with matters of detail. It will bo seen from the Jan- guago of the. 18th section that tho idea of representing minorities has de veloped somewhat sinco it was last dis- enssed. Not only aro the electors of tho three-corner constituencies to voto for two members only, but thoso constituencies which it has not been possible or desirable to alter, and which tliercforo still return two members, tho electors nro only to havo the privilege of voting for one. To give a minority ono out of three was ob jectionable enough, but, to provide that a minority shall have one out of two mem bers returned by a constituency, ii to do openly what has invariably been chnrgcd as the natural result of the oystem, viz . con stitute a minority in the country n majority in Parliament. There is very little pros pect of tho measure passiug its second reading. Ahoxs the minor inconvcnionees of city life is undoubiodly the inconvenient and inefficient arrangements with respect to public conveyances. The City Corpora tion, although possessed of (full power, has left the matter not only in a vary unsatis factory condition as regards the kind of conveyance available to tkc publie, tho uujjumuu oi H&iety; oi duo vejiiciepj uuu the class of men who obtain licenses ; but it baa positively interposed obstacles by direct intervention in tho shape of byo- laws One of these is particularly incon venient, inasmuch as it forbids drivers to stop to take up passengers after making a start. Tho consequence of this regula tion is, that passengers half-way up B&urko; street must retrace their step3 to its junction to Swanston street in order to get a conveyance to Cullingwood. A further inconvenience is caused by the delay which naturally, fellows ia the time of starting the cars. A driver, knowing he is not allowed to stop for passengers, will not start until ho has a full load, whereas, if this absurd regulation was repealed, every car would start with tbree or four passengers, nnd complete its load on (he road, to the manifest convenience of all pnrties. Private letters from England state that Sir George Grey, tho late Governor of New Zealand, is desirous of entering Par liament, and that he would have contested West Worcestershire at the general olee- tipn had not tho ground bcon fully occu pied prior to his arrival in England. Should Sir George Grry bo successful, tbo ranks of tho Australian parly in the House of Commons would bo materially strengthened. Tjie Geelong Itegistcr states that the de cision of the President of the Board of Lands and Survey will be given to-day in reference to the disputed areas of land at Point Nopean. It has been determined to divide tho lands in dispute, and to allot one portion to Air. Dufyy, juu., and the remainder to Mr Swan, who it will be remembered wns charged with being a dumray for MrjBi.AiR. This statement is not strictly correct. A decision has been arrived at by the Board of Land and Works, bnt it has not yot been an nounced, pending inquiry into details, Euebzzi.kmf.kt.— The ffolalcntion of Wil liams, tlio lato Chief Receiving Teller at the Hank of Australasia, havo been grossly exag gerated. Tho exact amount which ho is churged with embezzling ia T.2-17, and tho deficiency waa discovered in tho ordinary way ot business, and not during the absence of 'Williams. A rtimonr was cnrr»nt this morning that other clerks of tho Bank of Australasia were missing, bat npon making inquiries wo wore informed Hint .'tho story had no foundation iu fact. JLA1L.UU. — -i. psrograpu is going tho rounds of llio country press to tho effect thai Mr Taylor is ahout to return to Melboorne, in conrcqneiico of a eommnnication received' by him at Hobart.Town to the effect that tho majority of tho coinmi lice of the Uaptist Cliopcl, in Collina street, aro in favour of his reinstatement. Wo are in a position to stale that thero is no trntli whatever in the part of the statement respecting tho commit ten of the Collins street Chui'eb. Probably Mr Taylor will return bofore long to Melbourne ; but if ho doo3 so ho will assume entirely tbo responsibility of so doing, noither being invited on the ono hand nor hindered by anything on tho other. Mu. Cittut.es Bhomb, the present governer of tho Geelong gaol, has applied for twelve raontlm' lcavo of absence, aud tho application has been granted. There is, however, wo he- lieve,_saya the Register,, somo little difference of opinion as to tlio d'ato from which tlie leave shall ha reckoned, tho permission reckoning from to-day, while Mr Brodie does not wish to avail himself of it for a few weeks. Cricket,— Au oleven of tho Caiiton Cricket CInb will moot fourteen of Fenlvidgo on Cbo ground of the former, at half-past 5 p.m. to morrow. A matoh will bo played to-morrow, iu the Richmond Paddock, between tho Colling wood and Snrrey Clubs. Tlio following will represent Collingwood : —Claphnm, Clark, Collins, .Tessnp, Jones, . Knceu, Lambelb, Moulder, Pleasants, Timrgold, Wardrop, and Ferguson. Fomeiix. — Miobael Filzgibbon, a soldier of tho 1-lth, was charged nt the City Police Court this morning, with forging a cheque for £S7 "» lid on tho National Rank, aud, on the application of tho detectivo police, a roraand until Tuesday was granted. Bishoi- Gooed is to arrive, at the Ballarat Wcit station by llio traiu which is due at half- past 8 o'clock on Saturday, aud it ic the inten tion of tlio Catholics of Ballarat to make liis arrival tho occasion of a general turn oat. A" procession, says tho Courier, will aonduct him to tlio Presbytery on tho Melbporno road by Lydiard and Stnrt and Bridge streets. On Sunday tho laying of tho foundation stone of an additional portion of St. Patrick's will tako place after lite celebration of Pontifical High Mais in tbo forenoon. A coniirmation will take place at !l o'olock. Tho inaugural address on tho laying of tho fonnuation Mono will bo 'delivered by tho Rev. Father D'AUou. It is intended to present the Bishop with a cross and chain which havo cost JL'ISO, accompanied by an address appropriately prepared, but it has not yet been decided when Um presentation 't,1! take plucc. We tbluh tt .will psohaUy lie on Sunday. The eab-oommitteo appointed to draw np thn address and sign it on behalf of Uie Catholics of Ballarat will eonsi't of the licr. Fathom J. Ifoore, T. Mocre, T. O'Don- nell, and Messrs AVrigley, Henderson, Cotter, Usher, Forbes, Filspatrick, and Carey. j Arasunsp Scicide. — A young man walking ' on the hanks of the Yarra last night, i heard shrieks for help, and went down to where he found a young woman sitting on tho bank I with her clothes tneksd np. and seemingly just | on the point of throwing herself into the Yarra. He gaTS her in obarge, and the was taken to the wateh lioneo. Her numn is Mary A. Johnston, and ahe stated when brought keforo the City Bench yesterday, that her busbsnd had left her, and sha was looking io see if he had hrcn drowned. Sho was evidently suffering from delirium, and the Bcuoh remanded her until Tacsdsy. Tiia Silt Roiuzet. — Anno Griffiths was Ibis morning committed for trial on the charge of receiving stolen property, consisting of silk, fee., the proceeds of a robbery from tbo stores of the Messrs Eckroyd and Co., and Mr Clarke. Bail allowed iu two sureties of £50 cacb. ItiKNEn to Mb B. H. Dods. — Tho share holders in tho Rilutoro Silver and Lead Mining Company last evening entertained their en gineer and ruining manager, Mr B II. Dods, at a complimentary dinner i:t the Globe Hotel, prior to hia departure for tho eceno of future operations ntBnmbnld, New South Wales. Dr Lyons presided, nnd a very agreeable evening wss Epent. MrDnde, in replying to tho toast of his health, gaTO n very interesting acconnt of tho Relmoro property, tho scene of his fatnro labours. Ho takes there with him a largo plant, including eugino, stamps, nnd materials for the thorough working nf tho mine. Tho company is stated lo lin in n flourishing condition, tho plant being paid for, balance atuuding in bank, aud several thou sand pounds lo bo cillod tip. Tna wnatuen at Amil-bt. — Tho Border l'or.t of the 17'.h says : — Sinco our last llio weather bus been rail Hint could bo desired at tbis ocaeon nf tho year. The several rainfalls that have taken place havo much improved llio appearance of tbn grass, and, iu fnr.t, in some places it ia looking quite long, Tho farmers, too, hare bcon ulilo to proceed with their ploughing. The vicinity of Bownn wns visited lest Wednesday with a great storm ; the rain foil in torrents, cud threatened almost a deluge; the water rose three feet higher than any pre vious flood during llie past five years. The creeks in aud around Allmry are new fl owing with water, and wo think there will lie no more room for complaint for eomo time to come. Mlkbiul Statistics.— By lira lost mail the Minister of Mines has received from I'rofcssor 'J'onuant, the Mineralogist to her Majesty, uml Professor of Mineralogy and Geology in King's College, i» copy of a reprint of tlio Mineral Statistics of tho Colony of Victoria, whieh has been slruri; off for gratnitons distribution ut home, under Professor Tennaut'a direction. This affords good proof of tlio estimation in which the Department aro held iu scientific circles iu Eugiaud, and deuotns the existence of an in te rcet in Victorian affairs which can scarcely fail to be beneficial to the colony. Plbabakt Check.— If anything, eoya tho Nows, wero wanted to show tho value of pro perty at Pleasant Creek (not on freehold land), wo ehonld imagine a sale which took place yes terday wonld do so. A building, which for' materials would not reeliso over L150. changed hands iu connnclion with a frontage ot tliirty- Ihroc feet to Main-street, and brought the earn of L550, or nearly 1,30 per foot. News bechived iit llio mail slates thai Mr C. A. Saint has gained n virtual victoiy oTer the Portngneso authorities in China. They have roaliy declined to proceed with th" infor mation against him for libel ou the King of 'Portugal and tho Governor of Macao. Sir Saint, on the other baud, is determined tint', the prosecutors shall go on with tlio case— at least, ho has declined every overture for a compromise. — Daylesford Mercury. Tub Lanccilold and Rornsey Gunrffiau has coased to exiit, llio proprietor'kaving diiposod of his interest iu tho business to Air John Lewis, of the Lancciiiild Chronicle. — Bjyleu- ford Mercury. . Mjmko Accideft.— On Tuesday1 morning nn accident happened lo William G»y, u miner, who with another mail was engaged prospecting in tho neighbourhood of Monut Doran. He web at the bottom of a shaft fifteen feet deep when a masH of earth between 2 out and t! c.rl foil upon him, causing tho fracturo of two ribs on tho right Bido and other injuries. Giy was yeBterday removed lo tho District Hospital. — Ballarat Conricr. Ok Wednesday night a rumour was current at Doniliquin that Dillon's pubHckouco r.nd other dwellings at Waugonilla had boon tluck- np by bushrangers. The polico euthoriiics, however, denied its correctness. - FiuTii'r,PicTum. of Glekcob.— Ihij picture is creating almost as much sunsation among the porting community of Melbourne as did that- of his celebrated cousin of "Darby Day" no toriety. On visiting tho rooms yesterday, w« found them pretty well tliled with connois'icurs whose eritlcismn nppeared universally iu favor of this flno painting. It is certainly a splendid model of a hone, and wo think it docs him even mora than justice, especially in thn bead, whioh is perhaps excusable, but bis iii.u loan and muscular development, depth from the withers to tho brisket, length of qnarte'r, aud with hack to hold a' saddle and no more— the glossy ohesnnt coat, tho brilliant yet iistclligept eye, mo all thero. It io seldom llist an.anip.i .1 painter oxcala in painting tlie human figure, but Mr Frith has proved himself good ot both. The pose and lino drawing of the jookrv, Stanley, as he stands ready lo saddle listening to Mr Tr.it's 'last instructions, and -tlio excel lence oi the likenesses show lli«t tbo prize raxninition uicuai a warden io Mr Frith iu DDI was rightly bestowed. This picture is to liu disposed of hy art union, consisting «f fifty subscribers at£l each. A considerable number of subscribers has already been entered. Ikum llie Darling information lias been re ceived at lVantworth indicative of ca break-up of tho drought. The Drrdtlquin Chronicle of tho 18th informs us that " tinnn thnndcrstorms brought partial relic-f to ibe settlers several days before, and there is ap parent promisn of moro rain. In tbo mean . time llio surviving Hooks hud been realterad from tlio impossibility of keeping them to gether through the dearth of feed, ami nun.v of lhe squatters had dismissed their ah'epber.l's on this acconnt." During ono of tlio reeect Hmuderatornia Mr Mathews, of Tumworth, was killed bv a iiisii of lightning. DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST. — We (Kimore Free Press) regret this week to have to record the death of Mr John Flynn, an old and es teemed colonist, and a resident of Kilmore for upwards of twenty years, after a brief illness on Monday evening last. Mr FJynn held the position of town clerk in Kilmore for the ???? four or five years, and was noted for his kind ness of disposition and obliging habits. He at one time held a nice properly in the town, and the loss of this some time back, together with other circumstances, proved so deeply on his mind that it is thought his death was ac celerrated thereby. It is stated, but we hope it is not correct, that about a week prior lo his death he disposed of his life policy of £500 for the sum of £20. If this should unfortunately prove true the widow nnd young family are left penniless. The remains of deceased were in terred in the Kilmore Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon. Lakf. Bolag. — A large quantity of sail has been gathered oft one of tho salt lakes close .to this teston, anil if a few warm days eoitc Thero will bo plenty more. Tlio saline tub- itsneo is a regular harvest 'here,' a» nteriy ono gathers it, ond H i, worth from ."0s U; joo ! a ton. — Hamilton Spectator. Air.. J.U0JIAA Doti ok, o! Vulaga'-gr.-en, De laware County, has voted for overy President ol tho Dnitod States, from General Washington down to General Grant. At the recent election ! ho was placed in a carriage and eecoiicd !,y body-gourd ot liia neighbours, who walked "on each eido of llie earrisgo to tlio poll, and there lifted him into a chair and bore him en their 1 shoulders until ho deposited his vote. " M» Dntlon wilt be 100 jeara old m Feteuara i EOX.t. 