WxMz of Mrt aitV gnrvDUt. The final state of the poll— Baldness. Wliy does a sailor know there is a man in th« moon '-^Because he has been to sea. What is worse than raining cats and do»s? ? Hailing cabs and omnibuses. ° ' I am. going to draw this beau into a kaot,' as the lady said at the hymeneal altar. If you are not the head or tail of a donkey what are you?— No end of a donkey. What bishop wears the largest hat? — The ona with the largest head.' . When is an alderman like a ghost?— When ha is a goblin'. ? Why should a favorite hen be called Macduff ? — Because ^;e wish her to r'lay on.' ! When was Ruth very rude to Boaz ? — When shepulled his ears and trod on bis corn. Which has most legs, a horse or no horse ?— No horse, because' no horse has five. _ The vessel that no woman .objects to embark in. — A court-ship. . ,. ? What part did the Sphinx take in ancient warfare *— It riddled the finem-ir. When is a blow from a lady welcome?— When she strikes you agreeably. Jonas says opera music don't have any more effect on him than Ayera's Fills on a graven image. . Why do girls kiss each other and men not?— Because girls have nothing better to kiss, but men have. A careless clerk threw a lighted match into a barrel of gunpowder, but he will never do it agairii ' : ? Why should people marry in the winter ? —Because ladies want muffs and gentlemen want comforters. ; An indignant orator at a recent political meeting, in refuting an opponent, thundered : — ' Mr. Chairman; I scorn the allegation, and I defy the alligator.' - : Party (who is .particular about his wine)— ' Can you recommend your dry sherry?' Con scientious Waiter — 'No, sir, I can't, sir; but the head waiter can, sir.' When may a ship be said to be foolishly in love ?— When she is attached to a buoy. When madly in love? — When she is ankering after a heavy swell. When ambitiously in love? — When she is m^lring for a pier. What exclamation of three words could a cockney make on seeing a fire which would give the names of three eminent authors? — ' Dickens, How-itt Burns.' . An ??? Indefinite Abticee. — If you are a precise man, and wish to be eertain of what you get, never marry a girl named Ann, for we have the authority of the best grammarians that ' Ann is an indefinite article.' A Thrilling' 'Situation. -Enraged Inhabi tant — 'Did any one see you, enter?' Tax Collector (taken by. surprise) —'Not that I know of.' ' Enraged Inhabitant— 'Then no one shall see you leave !' ' ' ' Tib ah : III ' .Wssb, &c.r-Old; . Waggles— 'And how's business with you, Mr. Squills ?' Mr.. Squills — 'Well, sir, we've nothing to com plain of now. The cold weather's set in, coughs and colds are coming, on pretty fast, and things generally look encouraging.' ' Biddy, '^said OTJItSgan to nis wife, ' it is a cowld ye have — a drop of the crathur ud do ye no harrum? ' ' Och, hone,' said Biddy, ' ' I have' taken the plidge,;Dut ye can mix a drink, and force ine to swaHy it.' ; QN ait Editor's. CoNsciENqE.— The Louis ville Democrat, announces that that journal has been sold to a new proprietor. In.jthe same number Mr. Harvey, the retiring editor, takes leave. He says, ' The worst sin I have on my conscience is helping to make great men out of very small material.' , TOO BAB OF THE FBKNCH.^-At Dieppe, in France, the following notice has been issued by the police :—' The bathing police are requested, when a lady is in danger of drowning, to seize her by the dress and not by the hair, which oftentimes remains in their grasp.' An Irishman addicted to telling queer stories, said he saw a inan beheaded with his hands tied behind him, who directly picked up his head and put it on his shoulders in the right place.. ' Ah^ ah, all !' said a bystander, ' how could'he pick up his head when his hands were tied behind his back F'.V 'And sure what a purty fool ye are : couldn't he pick it up with his.tathe.' The Queen's English. — A school committee man writes..:—'. We have a school-house large enough to accommodate 400 pupils four storeys high.'— r A contemporary, r describing a pro cession, says : — *' The-1 procession.-, was very fine, and nearly two miles in length, as was also the prayer of Dr. Perry, the chaplain.' : ;A late judge, whose personal appearance was as unprepossessing :as ; his legal knowledge was profound and his .intellect keen, interrupted a female winiess— '-' Humbugged you, 'my good woman,— what dd^du mean by ; that?' said he, sternly. 'Well, ihy lord;' replied the woman, ' I don't know how to explain it exactly ; but if a giricalledJv0nr lordship a handsome man, she would be humbugging you.' ' .Fellow-citizens, 'Vsaid a stump orator, 'we have the best country in the world, and the best government. No people on the face, of the globe enjoy more 'privileges than' we do. . We have the , liberty ' of the 'press without onerous despotism'. -What, fellow-citizens, is more de sirable than this? Can you want anything more, toy countrymen?'—' Yes !' shouted one pf the. mob ? . ' I want a pull at that, flask stick ing out of youir, coat-pocket behind.' 