CURIOUS SUIT ABOUT A LYRE-BIRD. An amusing interpleader action, Ellis v. Ross, was heard before Mr. Justice Hanuen on Hay 26, to try the right of these two parties to the property in a bird called a "lyro-bird," which had been brought from Australia by tlhe defendant, and sold to the Zoological Society for £100. According to the plaintiff's ease (thle Hon. J. G. Ellie), hie had been some time in Australia. He went to Sydney, and called upon a person named Palmer, in Hunter-street, in that oity. 'Palmer was a saturalist, and he had a male lyre-bird, which was a very scarce bird, and therefore very valuable. It had been tamed, and Mr. Ellis agreed to purchlase this bird, and gave £25 for it. He di rected Palmer to endesvour to obtain a female lyre. bird, and to send them over together to him in England by a vessel called La Hogue. He intended to present them to the Zoological Society. The de fendant was the steward of that vessel. Upon the ship arriving, the plaintiff received a letter from the defendant, stating that he was sorry to inform him that Palmer had obtained another of those birds, and, thinking it was a female, he had put it in the cage with the other bird, but that during his absence the birds had fought and killed each other, and he had brought him over the skins and tails of the birds. The defendant took a similar bird to lthe Zoological Gardens and sold it to the society for £100. The plaintiff, Ihearing this, went to the gardens, and saw and examined the bird, and he .as convinced that it was tihe bird lie had purelhas'nted Palmer. It took notice when he called it "Cockley," which was the name by which it went when tamed and in Palmer's possession. Mr. Hawkins convulsed tihe Court with laughter in opening the plaintiffs case. The bird when at the gardens hIad quite recovered itself after its voyage. It hopped about sand fed, and appeared proud and happy ; its fail Ihad grown, and it was admired by all who saw it, whether they paid Is. or 6d. on a Whit Monday, as well as by the Follows who had the oppor tunity of visiting it at their leisure on Sundays. At last, however, this action was commenced, and that had a visible effect on the bird. It seemed to say, "I nm now pulled about by lawyers and by inquisitive persons. They have put me in exhibits in afidarits. I am put in interrogatories; and this is not confined or limited to [week-days, but Mr. Denman, who is a Fellow, comes on Sundays and examines and cross ecamines me to my great annoyance. I can stand it no longer. I will give up the ghost, and go and join the other birds in Paradise, who are my relatives." And the bird actually died. The question was whether Ihis bird Ihad belonged to the plaintiff or the defendant. The plaintiff swore that he purchased a bird of Palmer, and hIe believed it to be thie one he had seen in the Zoological Gardens. Thie defendaot swore that he had bought thbis very bird of Palmer, giving him £20 for it, and it was sent on board his ship fire or sir weeks after the parehase. He called hIim " Joy." He brought him home and sold hiim to tile Zoological Society for £100. Palmer wanted to re- purclhase the bird after it was on board. He had sold a similar bird to thie society the previous year for £125, whioh was still living. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff. The following letter in relation to the case appeared in thie Star of May 81: " The report of the ease of Ellis v. Ross in your paper of thIe 27h instant is incorrect, and calculated to injure the defendant, as it states that the plaintiff hiad paid for a female lyre bird, in addition to a male bird previously purchased, and that two birds were shipped on board the La Hogue in charge of tihe defendant. It was neither stated by counsel nor proved in evidence that thie plalntiff had paid for a fenmale bird, or tsat hIe had shipped thie two to Eng land; but it was proved by the defendant lt ithat he had psrelcauedl a " lyre" bird of a dealer is Sydncey, for whicrh le paisd £20, and upln arrival in this country sold it to tle Zonlo.iral Society, hie lhaving, in 1867, brocIught home and s 5c t hr society snolher " lyre" bird, thie first live islsnorollion. Thie case of the plninl il was Ithat the dealer had sold thie same bird Stwice--vi., first to thle plaintiff' ad then to the de. fendant. Tlse lerned judge and foreman of the jury bhth staled thalt there was no imputation whatever u on Ithie bona Jblrs of the defendant, Mr. Rose, in thie transactlion. Let me add that the defendant is a butcher, and not the steward of the La Hogue. " W. Fnorvlc:Ls , tihe defendant's attorney." For omse time past a rumocr has been current in well-isformed circles that the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland ascd Countess Spencer were about to be, or had really been, received into tihe Church of Rome; but that, as in the case of the Marquis of Bute, a dispenesation has been granted to prevent its premature asnouncement. An indignant denial may (observes thie Blritannia) be anticipated, but that will not affect the belief of many in the truth of the report. 