ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL, ADELAIDE. St. Peter's Day, June 29,1869, will be me morable in the Church history of South Aus tralia as the day on which the Cathedral bear ing that Apostle's name was formally inaugu rated. A Cathedral Church—where the Worship of God should be entirely free—free to all who might choose to enter the House and worship God—and free from all those—let us not say obstacles—but hindrances or difficulties which deter so many of the poorer classes and others from entering the sanctuary—we say a Cathe dral in connection with the Anglican Church has been a desideratum which has long been felt to exist. The Right Rev. Dr. Short, Bishop of Adelaide, has for many years ex perienced this as one of the great wants in his diocese, and has lost no opportunity of hastening the time for the erection of such a building. The Society for Promoting Christian knowledge has subscribed £1,000, and between 1849, when the Bishop was appointed, and the present year, there has been subscribed in England towards this Cathedral Church a sum of upwards of £600. The objected has enlisted sympathy also in the colony. A bequest of £1,000 was made by the late Captain Allen, and has been received by the Treasurers; and among other donations we find the name of the Bishop for £300; His Ex cellency the Governor, Sir James. Fergusson, £50 annually during the term of his ad ministration; Messrs. G. Glen, £150; G. W. Hawkes, £105; H. K. Hughes, £100; P. D. Prankerd, £100; E. A. Wright, £100 and other subscriptions, making a total of £2,326 10s. An admirable site was purchased on Pen nington-terrace, North Adelaide, at a cost of upwards of £1,000, and shortly after the return of Bishop Short from England the land was enclosed on three sides by an or namental brick and stone wall, costing £227 10s. The total amount of the Cathedral Fund, exclusive of the sums paid away for the site and wall is £8,647 18s. 5d. Plans for the Cathedral were prepared in England, by Mr. Butterfield, but have been modified by Mr. Woods, of the firm of Messrs. Wright, Woods, & Hamilton. The whole edifice, when completed, is expected to cost about £25,000, but only about half of this sum will be required for that portion of the work which it is projected to carry out at once. The twenty-second anniversary of the conse cration of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, to the Episcopate, and the day of the feast of St. Peter, was appropriately chosen as the time to inaugurate this building. The weather was not all that could have been wished for, although the forebodings which the morning presented of a very wet day were not realised, yet the clouds threatened a down-pour, which deterred many persons from attending. As it was, however, a large gathering assem bled, and, fortunately, the rain held off during the time which the ceremony occupied. The Bishop invited the Clergy, together with His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergusson, and a number of ladies and gentle men, to luncheon at Bishop's Court at 1 o'clock. Luncheon concluded, the ladies and gentlemen took their way to the Cathedral grounds, and were shortly afterwards followed, by a proces sion, in which the Clergy and others took part. Preparations had been made at the site for the accommodation of a considerable gathering. Near the stone raised seats, covered with tar paulins, were erected, which commanded a view of the ceremony, an extensive space was left open round the stone for the clergy, choirs, &c.; A box had been partitioned off from the general seats on the platform for the accommodation of the Vice- Regal party. A detachment of the 34th Regiment was drawn up on the ground under the command of Major Vivian and Captain Wilson. Shortly before 3 o'clock His Excellency the Governor the Right Hon. Sir James Fergusson and Lady Edith arrived, and were received with the usual salute by the military—the band playing the National Anthem. Their Excel lencies sat in the vice-regal box, Mrs. Short and the Hon. John Morphett being there also. A few minutes afterwards the procession from Bishop's Court reached the ground. The proces sion consisted of the Cathedral Committee, the choirs of Christchurch, Trinity, and St. Paul's;. the Bishop's Verger, the Right Rev. Dr. Short (Bishop of Adelaide), and 22 of the clergy. The Bishop stood near the stone, the clergy being ranged round it, and the choirs on the south side of the enclosure. The proceedings began by the Bishop address ing the people thus:—"Dearly beloved in the Lord—For as much as devout and holy men, as well under the law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Blessed Spirit, or by the express command of God, or their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things, have desired to erect houses for the public worship of Almighty God, and separate them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their hearts with more devotion and humility in His service; which pious, works have been approved of and graciously accepted by our Heavenly Father: let us earnestly believe that He will also favorably approve this our godly purpose in laying the foundation-stone of this Cathedral Church to be set apart for all the offices of divine worship and the daily sacrifice of prayer, and let us faith fully and devoutly pray Him to bless and prosper this our undertaking." Then followed prayers and responses, after which: were chanted the 84th, 96th, and 122nd Psalms; The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny read lessons from the Book of Ezra bearing upon the building of the Temple of Jerusalem. After a collect by the Bishop, His Lordship, as founder of the Cathedral, proceeded to lay the stone, assisted by Mr. Woods, the architect, and Mr. Brown, the builder. Mr. Woods requested His Lordship's acceptance of a handsome silver trowel with which to do this. The trowel was obtained from Mr. Davis's establishment, was made of silver with ivory handle, and on the blade there was the following, inscription:— "This trowel was used in laying the first stone of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter by the Right Rev. Augustus Short, D.D., the first Lord Bishop of Adelaide, South Australia, and presented to him by the Committee on that, occasion. St. Peter's Day, June 29, A.D. 1869." The stone having been lowered, the Bishop applied the plumb-line to it, and after giving the orthodox tap with the mallet, said "In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." Mr. F. Wicksteed, the Secretary of Synod, then read the following copy of the document which, with newspapers, coins, &c.;, was placed under the stone :— "In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy; Ghost, the first stone of.the Cathedral Church of St, Peter was laid in the year of our Lord, 1869, on St. Peter's Day, the 29th of June, by Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide, formerly a scholar of St. Peter's College, Westminster; student, tutor, and censor of Christchurch, Oxford; and Vicar of Ravensthorpe, Nor thamptonshire, on the 22nd anniversary of his consecration, A.D. 1847." "Hujusce Ecclesiae Cathedralis Deo Creatori Sospitatori Satictificatori in honorem Sancti Petri, dicatæ, lapidem auspicalem posuit festo Sancti Petri, die Junii XXIX, anno Episco pates sui XXIII ineunte, salutis MDCCCLXIX Augustus Episcopus Adelaidensis, S.T.P., Cpl legii olim Sancti Petri Westmonasteriensis scholaris regius; Oxoniae Deinde (Edis Christi. alumnus, tutor, censor, in academia exami nator, prædicator; Ravensthorpiæ postea in comitatu Northamptoniensi, Parochus." Hymn 164, commencing— "We love the place, O God, Wherein Thine honor dwells," was sung, after which the Collects for Trinity Sunday, Good Friday, Whit- Sunday,St. Peter's Day, St. Simon and St. Jude, and All Saints Day, were read by the Rev. Canon Farr. The 142nd hymn "Jerusalem the Golden!" was then sung, after which the Bishop pronounced the Benediction, and the religious part of the ceremony concluded. The Bishop addressed the assembly. He said there, were occasions, when their feelings were too deep and too strong for expression; and when the words, instead of flowing freely, seemed to come drop by drop as it were from the heart's fountain. Such an occasion he deemed that to be. It was one not of social joy or of political or civil rejoicing, but it was a day in which the deepest thoughts crowded in upon the heart, whilst they were en gaged in laying the foundation-stone of a tem ple dedicated to the honor and glory of Him who fills the universe, Who was before all time, and Who fills all space—Who in the beginning created all things by Jesus Christ, and in the fulness of time sent Him to declare His loving kindness and mercy to fallen man, and to re deem him by His own most precious blood, and Who, after shedding His own most precious blood on the painful and ignominious Cross of Calvary, ascended on high to take possession of His Mediatorial Throne, which shall last until the day when the spirits of the just made perfect and the number of His elect shall be made complete, and when all who have loved the Lord out of a pure heart fervently, shall partake of the blessings of the beatific presence of the Ancient of Days. Whilst en gaged in a solemn work like this, they should be engaged in solemn heart-searching also— saying "Who are we, that we should raise a house for the glory of God ?" When he thought that that day 22 years ago he was set. apart as a Bishop of Christ, to order things wanting, and to strengthen things that remain, to oversee the flock of Christ, and to take heed lest any of that flock should perish, by being left without a shepherd or a shepherd's care— they might easily see what thoughts came upon him of the deep responsibility he then under took, and understand that the recollec tions he had of how frequently he had come short of the duties of his high office, made him feel humbled to the very dust whilst he asked himself "Who art thou, that you should lay the foundation-stone of a building connected with the Church of our country and forefathers?" Then he thought of that Stone, cut out of the mountain without hands—the Sure Foundation of which that was but a poor emblem—and when he remembered that whosoever's feet were planted by the Holy Spirit on the Rock of Ages—that whosoever knew nothing but Christ, and Him crucified as the foundation of his hopes, and joys, and aspirations for time and eternity—and when he remembered also that he was plucked as a brand from the burning and placed on this Sure Foun- dation-Stone—all these fears gave place to a holier confidence, and he was enabled to com mence the work in simple faith on Jesus Christ, True it was that the beginning of the work was but a small part of that which they had under taken, and which, if God permitted, they hoped to see fulfilled. Having waited 22 years to see that day—having received on trust gifts, dona tions, and subscriptions to a large amount—he felt that the time had come when he should give an account of that stewardship, and show to the people of this province in connection with their ancient and beloved Church that he had not unfaithfully stored the treasures of silver and gold which were committed to his un worthy keeping. Besides this there was reason, he thought, at the present epoch of the world, why they should give some manifestation, be it great or small, that they would serve the Lord. This was a time when they were called upon as Joshua, called upon the Israelites of old—"Choose ye this day whom ye will serve; as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." In these latter days an outburst of Rationalistic unbelief had attempted to throw discredit on the Sacred Word of the Living God—on that Word which was the foundation of all their hopes, their only guide to eternal life—and there was great reason why at this epoch those who were on the Lord's side should come forth and show outwardly to the heathen and unbelieving world that as for them they would serve God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, ever one God Who was before all time and beyond all space. Therefore with this view they were there determined by the Grace of God to hand to their children the blessed inheri tance of a true Scriptural faith received from Apostolic times by perpetual succession—and re covered by martyrs who by their blood vindicated the truth of the living God. They were deter- mined to show by that stone that they were mindful of the blessings received in their Fatherland, and in that Church in which they were brought up, and that they wished to .do something to show their faith in her principles, blight God give them grace never to dishonor the great privileges handed down to them by the blood of martyrs and confession. A great responsibility was cast upon them that they should not come short of the privileges which God had entrusted to them—but that they should teach the Truth to an unbelieving and evil world, believing that the grace of Christ alone could penetrate the stony heart of man, and bring it in humble penitence and believing desire to the foot of the Cross, to receive from Him, who there stretched wide His arms of love, grace to help in time of need. Whilst they gladly, acknowledged that the grace of God was not confined within the pale of their own Church, still they were stewards of that great gift of God which was imparted to them in the Church of England, and they de sired, with all friendly Christian fellowship, as far as they could without sacrifice of principle or improper compromise, to endeavor by a holy devotion to show that primitive order was not devoid of life, and that they did not depend for the grace of God simply on this, but on the living faith of the heart, which led them up to the Saviour, and from the Saviour to the Throne of the Eternal. It was in no spirit of unfriendliness or unholy rivalry that they placed that stone, but that it might be the means of creating a spirit of unity in the Cathedral Church of the j Diocese, so that the unity there might be an emblem of the unity which they longed to see among those who differed only on non-essential points. If this should be the humble means of promoting this great end of unity—not only in the pale of that Church, but within the pale of the whole Reformed Church—then he said they would have reason to bless God that He had permitted them to lay that stone in peace, and to hope that He would bestow His favor on the under taking. He would take that opportunity of thanking His Excellency for his presence that day. He knew His Excellency and his good lady were desirous of promoting the religious, moral, and social good wherever they were able so to do; but still, as members of their own Church—as communicants of the Church— and as setting an example in domestic, social, civil, and political life which! might well be followed by others, they were grateful for their presence, and they were thankful in being permitted to hail amongst them a Governor who was one with them in the Church. He thanked God for it, and prayed that God might grant His Excellency health and wisdom to preside over the colony, and to promote all that was holy and right. (Cheers.) His EXCELLENCY said he did not anticipate that on the occasion of that solemn and beautiful religious ceremony, there would have been any place for him to make any observations, but as His Lordship had privately requested—the re ligious ceremony over—that he should make some remarks, he would say very briefly, that he came there from a deep sense of duty to take part in that interesting ceremony. They all well remembered those hallowed edifices which for so many ages had stood monuments of the piety of the English people, which, for so many centuries, had been the central place of worship to so many millions—and which at the present day were more than ever treasured by the sons of the Church of England. He did deeply regret that the part of the country with which he was more particularly connected—he meant Scotland—should, in these modern times, be so destitute of these institutions, which he thought so valuable. But even there they had seen of late how the Cathedrals were valued, by the restoration of those which the piety of their forefathers had reared. There, he would remark, was an example which he trusted would have followers in Australia—in the re storation of Glasgow Cathedral. Although that was now in the hands of the Presbyterian Church, and in the heart of a Presbyterian country, they found Christians of all denominations coming forward and sub scribing liberally to the restoration of that edifice. So in the erection of the Cathedral at Sydney there was a common bond of union in the diocese. The interest in that building was not confined to the members of the Church of England, but it extended wide through every section of the catholic Church, The laying of this foundation-stone was indeed a significant act, and he did earnestly trust that the building which would rise upon that stone would serve to increase and perpetuate religious truth in the diocese. He hoped it would form the gathering-point for those who differed only on non-essential points. He congratulated His Lordship from his heart—and he was sure all present joined in the congratulation—(hear, hear)—on having seen that day the commence ment of the realization of his most earnest hope —the first-fruits of so many prayers and exertions. That stone would, remain long after His Lordship had passed away, as a memorial of the first chief pastor of the Church in South Australia, and of one who would be remembered as long as South Australia lasted. (Cheers.) He would not by any words of his prolong a meeting which had been of the most solemn and interesting character, but let him express his earnest wish that the success which had attended that first act would ac company the edifice in all its stages of progress —that as wall, stately tower, and spire arise they might point with brighter hope to the completion of His Lordship's own good work— that within that sacred pile rich and poor in future ages might together worship before Him who is the maker of them all, and that men of all classes and parties might within those walls meet and find a common union which should endure beyond the grave. (Loud applause.) A collection was then made, after which cheers were given for Sir James and Lady Edith, and for the Bishop and Mrs. Short, and the in teresting proceedings terminated, with the National Anthem sung by the company. 