CONFIRMATION AND FFRST COM MUNION IN CAMPBELLTOWN. ? .w. ? On Sunday last, Laefcare Sunday, the Sacra raents of Confirmation and First Com munion were administered in the Catholic Church Campbell town. In Catholic communities these two events are always looked upon with the greatest in terest, for upon the proper dispositions in which they are received, mainly depends th«v eternal happiness of those who are admitted to these solemn celebrations. Hence the church un joins her pastors to see that candidates are pro perly instructed in their duties, and for this pur pose for several weeks before these sacraments are approached the children are bound to present themselves for instruction. In Cainpbolltowu Father Roche has devoted a great deal of .time to this duty and during the last few days be was ably assisted by two of the Sisters from the Convent of the Good Shepherd. On Friday and Saturday he was occupied in the confesSional and in order that all might have the opportunity of performing their Easter duties on such an aus picious occasion thesei vicesof the Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, Father Colletti, and Father Young were requested and a very large number of persons availed themselveB of the opportunity. Early on Sunday morning the children who were to be admitted to their first communion assembled at the Presbytery, the girls with white veils, under the care of the Nans,' and the boys in charge of Mr. Newman the Catholic teacher. They were then formed into a procession and proceeded to the Church, where the boys occupied the range of seats on the right and tltte girls thoBe on the left, the congregation being seated in the ceutre. Hojy communion was aiministered at 8 o'clock mass which was celebrated by his Grace the Archbishop, who was attended by Fathers Roohe and Colletti. Daring the Mass the prayers before communion were lead aloud for the benefit of the children of whom there were nearly two hundred. At the proper jjtime they approached the altar rails' and wi'h every mark of understanding what tbey were doing they were Allowed to receive for the first time the body and bleod of their Saviour. Aft^r Man » short time vas sp«at ia prayer wbsa ? I J I.I I . ? _Ul__LJj_JI_ -hey returned to the school in the Bame,«rdeir4j0 they had left it. Her.e, as is the universal -ss*- tom, they were not allowed to separate, but wee® supplied vrith a splendid breakfast, for it is fcefe ter they should not leave the Bight of iftiaar pastor until they had also received the ?asaa?- ment of Confirmation. The good people d£ Campbelltown were only too happy to assist timsr pastor in providing this breakfast for ? the ehs&8- ven, and an abundance of tea, poultry, varkHES kinds of meat, as well as fruits and takes «?®Me forward i -l for the pleasant occasion. The yastfg ladies of the town and district lent a wilikg assistance to have the tables prepared, and see that the children were properly attended to. --Eft was a labour of love in which fchey all appeased to vie with each other. When this part of i&k; business was over the children once more returo&S; to the Church where the Archbishop was to ad minister the Sacrament of Confirmation. P«&- vious to this Maps was celebrated by Fafc&ar; Roche, during which the choir sang in a tn-5s» 'effective manner the following pieces : — Perg©- lesi's Bass Solo ' Sanctum et terribile' 'KyEfs and Sanctus ;' Mozart's, 12th Mass ; Farmer^ Credo, and Bendictus ; Gelespie's, Ave VeriEtSLv While his Grace was confirming, the 'Veal Creator Spiritus,' Cherubim's, 'Axe Maria,' and Clifton's, Ecce Deus were sumg..! rjis Grace having taken his seat in fp«nt nf tbs altar, addressed the candidates for CoutirinatioB.... fTe said, that they had been presented to him-fco, receive the Sacrament of Confirmation, whisek. as the name indicates, perfects in the soul the; dispositions generated in Baptism, They wee® particularly favored at receiving it. at a tieae when they were at peace with their God : tfos Holy Ghost will find souls prepared, having had., the happiness that morning to receive the body and blood of our Saviour. As a proof that fcJsSie Sacrament of Confirmation was necessary £©? strengthen our faith, he instanced the examples of the Apostles, who, after partaking of the laafc supper, n© sooner did danger present itself, tnaua they desnrted their Master and one sold, another denied Him. They were weak and showed & want of confidence? in Jesus Christ, but oa Pentecost Day the Holy Ghost descended upon1, them, and they immediately went forth fc® oreach their crucified Master. They, (the candf ? l.ites) were going to receive the Holy Spirit; only a few moments after having partaken. o£ the Bread of Life, for knowing their* weakness He was about to strengthen them. The .ga-j-£ dispositions conferred at the Baptismal foafe would be confirmed, and they would go fortfe ' examples of every thing that was good. Hie Grace then in a concise and clear manner «x- . plained the ceremonies which had been chosasi in the administration of the Sacrament of Can linnation. As in Baptism ongiual sin is foe given by the sprinkling of water with the words , ' I baptise thee in the name of the Father, Sqq, and Holy Ghost, so also in Confirmation, wheat the bauds are extended over you, the Spirit of God will come down and enable you to lea(£* : pious life, and become valiant soldiers of Jesvg Chmt. They must approach in a spirit of faifch, .. which is powerful with God, as is instanced sa the 8th chapter of the Acts ot' the Aoostleffij, 'that when the Apostles heard that Sain-nrui had received the word of God, they sent itato ? them Peter and John, who prayed for them tiisfe . they might receive the Holy Ghost.' tfiis Grace proceeded to explain the special gif fee bestowed upon those who worthily receive fcb® ? ??? : Sacrament of Confirmation, and the obligations : . undertaken. They were about to receive thai: Holy Spirit, the third persou of the Blessed Trinity proceeding from the Father and the Son, that would enable them to lead a truSf ??.. pious life. By the imposition of ha ids ov«ar them, and by tho anointing of their foreh*ad« with Chrism, they became consecrate. I to God, hence the sins of the body, such as druuketmeM and vice of every kind should never be tolerated Lastly he would give each a slight blow upon the cheek to show that they were to suffer all tbiage: ,t : for God's sake. , Whea all had received Confirmation, they r&i;'1 cited, in a clear voice, with the Arch hi -shop, tb» « ' Apostles' Creed,' the 'Our Father,' and, this ' Hail Mary' as a profession of their faith. His Gracehavingresumedhisseat, he proceeded! to address the newly confirmed. Ha told 'these, that they shjuld bear in mind that Confirmation: w.ts a Sacrament that gave a special cbaracfcec£': ';' and it was so distinguished from other Saerfc-' 'lients that it could never be received a secoadi tune. They would have to render an account l of the manner they corresponded with the izrae&r; they had received, whether they had been fiiitfcr ful ot otherwise ; but he felt sure they wouM h® faithful, and, like tte Apostles, they wouid be d'.stinguised by their zeal for God and Hie' Church. The Archbishop explained the dtttiee ' of each according to their several positions tffi', the world — they were not to make it their tirgfi: aim in gain a position, but, if it should ple&ae; God to prosper them and to give them weakly lft them follow the example of the first Chrie tians, who brought their wealth at the feet of ths,' Af.ostles. They should also be distinguished bjf a spirit of charity one to the other ; if they oouM ' ' not say anything good of their neighbour, 1«& them hold their tongues, for in this manner wew the early Christians known from their pagm, neighbours. They should pray' every da^,' :, morning and night, and one of tho first result of their confirmation will be the prope'rV obsess/ -/*noe i-f their religious dutieB : they ^ will displajj ' ' '. an anxiety to hear Mass as of fen as 'p'ctasibley-attfh pou ance and the Holy Communion 'vrtll&o1; riS ?'?? sorted to frequently. Let theru each1 day ;recdnsj» '?' mend themselves, the girls to the IJleWed' 'V-it'spk1 : Mary, and the boya to St. Joseph', jinder'w^^i^1' pitron age they had bee'.nplabfid.-'^ta'.coabltislfl^,1'' '' his Grace said he .would give to «aeh; 'a^UQ^i-,1 ' ,; \ and invite them t) become total abstaiflera -tiil£''-' f ' the a-e of 21. Hia long experience tnaght hicr/ ? ' l: that many who had thus commoncfld 'lifo youij£ ' : ' iierseverea through lite in this state, aod h* instant-ed the case of a young orphae feej wfc«p many neara ago, had been enrolled in taia aoai° *ty. Yews .'5ter, in his travels io fcbe country, ?? ft« bad met him — a grovr* up rasa, wi-tb ? spta* did farm belonging to him, and in a veryprospe Sw state. Hi assured his Grace that he owed fciffthen happy position to his haying so strictly kept the pledge. ' ? , ? v V ?^%ho had been confirmed then approached the altar rails and received the medals from the hands of the Archbishop,' after which he offered, Up a prayer and and gave his episcopal blessing, When the interesting ceremony was brought to a olose. ? ; 