A Christmas article is as time-honored an institution with newspapers as the inevitable goose and roast beef are at this season in reputable families. The custom, then, we follow as religiously as Hamlet ;did the ghost of Hamlet's father. Peace and goodwill, amongst mankind was ibe grand old doctrine delivered in Jerusalem now neariy nineteen hundred years ago. How we at this end of' the world obey the snblitne teaching, perhaps the parliamentary records of the colony for the past few months will best testify. Yet by the time that these lines appear in print honorable members of both Houses — a(j plague on both say we — may hare, agreed to bury for a while their lasting discontent, and go to Queenscliff or Fern Tree Gully. May good digestion wait upon the enormous appetite which the braciug sea air and bard jolting over uneven bush tracks are sate to create. And the dura ilia mtssorum, the " rigid guts of reapers," as one of the mauy celebrated Smiths pithily renders the Virgilian phrase into Saxon, should be called into requisition for this festive season. - For what can be more ridiculous than the old ; : English babit of staffing oneself within an inch of suffocation with all things hard of digestion, beneath a blazing snn, and with peptics in a condition of chronic disorder ? Yet this is what we do year after year, in defiance of nature'e teachings and ibe advice rf holiest doctors. We are just as mnch slaves to custom in the matter of eating as the women are idolatrous of chignons, ladies' improvers, and the Grecian beud. A Christmas Day without a plum- pudding would be a world without a sun, a public dinner without toasts, a ball without music, a Rose Evans without the use of her eyes, a Bandmann wi'bont Jaques. Plum- pudding then by all means let us have, and in plenty, for there is always podophyllin to fall back upfin for adults, and Gregory's mix ture for the little ones. Let us eat, drink, and be merry, for to-morrow — well, we hope to have another turn at the serious business of existence. In twenty-four boors" we shall have rait away from fighting the battle of life, and every one knows the old doggrel about living to fight another day. But in our mirth' and jollity let ns not forget how many hungry and ill clad creatures tbere are seething in tbe human caldron. Not that Victoria in the mass can ever be accused of close- fistedness. A more open-handed people has rarely existed than this of ours. Bat tbe burden of charity usually falls upon the weakest shoulders. The exceptionally rich amongst us must either do their good by stealth, or not at all, for with a few honor able exceptions colonial Peabodys are rare birds in Victoria. Those upon whom Fortune has lavished ber sweetest smiles — men who get a dividend at each turn of the wheel — have generally to be asked at least twice before opening their purse strings. They have screwed their conrage to the sticking place wilh a vengeance. Their quality of mercy is strained through the very finest wire-gauze sieve. There are so many im postors in the world that they save mistakes by giving to nobody — a simple and beautiful faith if thoroughly carried into practice. Perhaps lees than during any previons Christmas tide are the people of Ballarat in clined to exuberant festivity. The fact is — and it can be of no use disguising it — mosey is most particularly tight just now. We have been spending Christmas all the year, and away from home, so that there is not much left to bay raisins with. Still there is this satisfaction that many a hundred poor fellows through our bounty, or folly, or call it- what you will, can on this particular 25th of De cember not only thoroughly enjoy themselves, bnt be tbe means as well of making glad the hearts of others. If then we should drain a bumper the less, let us promise ourselves an extra one at tbe close of 1870, serene in tbe knowledge that we have done some service to the state, and in. the hope, nay almost con viction, that the bread cast upon the waters will be found after few or many days. There is yet another comfort. Business is so de lightfully quiet that paterfamilias can masti cate his turkey, sip his Sillery, and puff the fragrant weed with the certain conviction that he is missing nothing of importance by Mot being at business. This reflection alone is worth all the stomach bitters ever invented for the perrsion of teetotalers. We have taken it oupelves, and can strongly .recom mend the medicine. Having this year no dainty dish |o set before out readers, we give instead this modest contribution to wards their Christmas dinner — and with the tuna! good wishes. . Me Higinbotham has carried Lib resolutions, relative to tbe relations between England aud her Colonies, by tbe largest majority ever secured in the Victorian Parliament on «' subject of bo much importance. Thehon. gentleman «m stoutly opposed by the Chief Secretary and some of his followers, but tbe resolutions were so clear, decided, and justified by the circumstances which called them forth, that efforts made to reject, or even only modify tbeir language, were sum marily rejected. Time for consideration has only bad tbe effect, in this instance, of con vincitig those who were formerly opposed to Mr Higinbotham of the expediency of adopting bis views, and therefore when tbe first -resolution was put to the vote, id voted for arid only 15 against it A similarly trium phant result at'ended all the other resold tions, nod Mr Higinbotiiatn has therefore the gratifying fact presented to him of move than a clear majority in number of the whole House being of the fame opinion as him self witb regard lo tbe unsatisfactory condition in which the relations between England and the colonies have been for 'so long a lime, and which has done more to weaken the good feeling which for merly existed between England nnd Victoria than any other event which has arisen oot of tbeir connection. Briefly expressed the colony now calls upon the mother country to accede to tbese terms: — That the imperti nent interference of absentee colonists in tbe political aflalrs of this colony be no longer tolerated, and that the Imperial Parliament shall not legislate with regard to the iuternal affairs of this colony, except at the instance, or wilh tbe express consent, of its inhabitants. In return for these concessions tbis colony undertakes to provide for its own defence in time of war, subject to the condition that it has the sole control over its own armaments. This in brief is the essence of Mr Higin- botbam's resolutions, and no valid argument can be raised against then). One is designed to put a stop to that backstairs influence which has long predominated in Downing Street, and in the exercise of which a number of persons who have made money out here and g<ine to England to spend it, have long been notorious. The other aims to bring to a close tbat contradictory system of despatch "writing which more than anything else perpetuated the troubles arising out of our two deadlocks. If we secure these two advantages, we can well afford to pay for our defences in return. Our status as a com munity will be raised abroad, from which many advantages will flow to us, while we 6hall be able to legislate in a more progressive spirit tbaD a coutiiry can which is in leading s'ringe, and which has not therefore the power necessary for the purpose. These resolutions do not imply "separation," as their opponents have declared, in order to frighten people from supporting them. On tbe contrary, they mean the connection of tbe colony with tbe mother country being established on a firmer basis than ever, by reason of tbere being no ground for heartburnings to spring up between them, and nu peddling inter- ference -with internal .affairs taking place fo j mar the good feeling which should and will subsist between the two .parties .to the con- trac. Mr Higinbotham's resolutions are therefore welcome contributions to our par liamentary literature. Tbe good they con tain may not be immediately seen, but in time it will become clearly apparent, and it is therefore creditable to tbe House that they hace-beentendorsedAud .Adopted by so large a majority, of its members. ; It was rumored last night tbat a well-known clergyman of Ballarat bad been missing for the last ten days. His friends instituted a search privately; bnt, finding this fruitless, information - of the circumstance was, we believe, conveyed to the police. . . .. A valuable present of 'books has been 'made to tbe Ballarat East Free Public Library by tbe , Masonic order, The works included history by Macauley, Gibsoo, Grote, and others; and works nn trtber subjects -of equal value. So long as "donations of "this "character are made, tbe institu tion is not likely to be a serious tax on tbe purse of tbe Eastern Council. At tbeir meeting held yesterday afternoon, it was agreed tbat tbe mayor and councillors of the Borough of Sebsstopol should accept tbe Invita tion of the" Boxing Day fete committee, to attend tbe procession,' and that they should do alt they could to make the affair a success. We learn tbat a strict investigation is being made by the police authorities in order, if pos sible, to discover the constable who was the cause of the scandal brought out in a letter which ap peared in this journal a few days ago, " The yearly installation of W.M. and officers of tbe Orion Lodge of' Freemasons at . Sebsstopol took place an Wednesday night. Brother P.M. Robertson acted as installing master, assisted by Brother P.M. Dimmock. Brother John Erobling was - re-elected ff.lL; Brother Morgan, S. W.; Brother Beverin, J.W.; Brother RusbaU, ,I.G.; Brother Darling, Tyler. Tbe pleasing ceremony of presenting an address on behalf of the brethren of the lodge to tbe secretary. Brother Jensen, was performed' by the W.M., after , which the usual banquet took place, iand a very pleasant evening was spent. The Ballarat Cricket -Club athletic sports, to be held at the Eastern Oral on the day following Boxing Day, promise some :Teal enjoyment to lovers of this class of sports. The Steeplechase between Fox and Dan for £100 of a trophy is .likely to be an exciting event, although the bet- -ting leans slightly to the side of the former. In tbis race there is a water jump of no less than 22 feet long by 5 feet deep. From tbe handicaps given elsewhere it will be - seen that Higgins and Ford, twi> well known mile walkers from Mel bourne, have entered for several of tbe events. A woman named Howe reported to the police yesterday that ber husband was missing, jind ac cordingly a search was instituted, m»ny"of tbe water boles in Ballarat Last being dragged. Eventually, however, it was discovered that the woman's description of her husband closely re sembled tbat of a man -who under the name of. Dobson received a sentence the previous day of three months' imprisonment for larceny. Tbe following players have been selected for tbe first Intercolonial Trial Match to take place on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Monday, tbe 27th December:— Victorian' Eleven — Allan, D. Campbell, \Y. "Campbell, Gaggin, Gibson," Gordon, Goldsmith, Kelly, Mullagh, Phillips,' atid'R. "W. Wardill. Victorian Fifteen (witb T. W. Wills) \- — Wills, Cozens, Rggleston, M'Gann, Figgis, Barton, Moodie, Simmonds, Loughnan, Butler, B. Wardill, Williams, C. Reid, Bennett, James, , Riddle, Mortimer, Allee, and Baker (Major). We learn from a private source that Mr Philip Daviea is much more comfortable since his removal from the prisoner's ward, aud receives visits from his friends frequently. Mr G, Hill, secretary of the Ballarat Fire Bri gade, yesterday "showed us a letter received ' by tbe mail from Mr S. H. Marshall, who has re cently been visiting -the continent. The writer, -who is a member of the brigade, says that :be has inspected 40 of ibe apparatuses of tbese useful bodies during his tour, and 35 condemn' the" canvas made hose as unserviceable, recommending tbe leather for superiority and cheapness, fie sends by - Mr Beafd, who sails in the Somersetshire,' a working model of a French invention -of acanvas fire- escape/better adapted for our local use than those used jn Loodon. _The cost of.making oDe here wonhl"be;trifliog: ' " ' " _',J The band of the, 1st B.V.R. will play tiie fol lowing programme this evening, in .die Sturt street--, reserve; — L Grsqd r; March — ? Alfred Choral? (J. Sehotte); 2.:Wsltz — "Tbe Mabel," (Godfrey); 3. Quick Step — " Four.-leaved Sham rock" ; 4. Anthem — " I was' Glad," "from the 1 22nd Psalm (Cbapel); A. Qaadrille— " St. ,Eatrick's," (Godfrey) i E. iAdeste '! FJdeles (afr«w JNpjrello) ; 7." Glee — ".Life's a Bun»per."1.:(WaiDwrigbt); 8\. (by desire) "Ave Maria," (Gounod) ; 9. Galop —' Mahay ' (Godfrey). God save the Qqeen. ' A mah named Charles Johnson, residing at Mor ton PhunSjY7immsra,xhef .within accjdeit at the Cattl'e'Yards yesterday afternoon. He'waa in the act rjf jumping from his dray, vrheu his foot slipped gnd cot fractured. He was subsequently conveyed tAfhe hospital. I " O Z -y : The ordinaiy fortnightly meeting of the BuninyoogBhire 'Council was- held yesterday. The business,' whigh.wili be -enndreported else where, wasceotirely of a routine character. . . A grand vocal and instrumental concert will be given by the Boxing Day.Fidte-Cpmmittee in the Aiffed Hall on Monday. ;eve|ring, ;aa- an appro priate wind-up of the -day's amusement. The guhgmtnzne, which contains several musical gems, will be found insetted tfrismoraiag tn our adver tising ataman. -JBoth.hands of tbe BAT.R. will take parEiii.tlie cdpcert.J ;-4— - Owing " to the "holidays, the drawing for Mr Butt's Art Union has been postponed natU far ther notice. The ' Baiiarat Harmonic Society's Annual Christmas Oratorio promises to be a great treat, judging from the admirable discipline and ex cellent practice of the members. Haydn's ' Crea tion" is the work selected for performance on Saturday eTeni:. i at tbe Alfred Hall, than which it is almost unne. "ary to say more to real lovers of music. Miss S. :r is prineipil soprano, and Messrs J. Oliver and P. Cazaly wilt take their accustomed places. Tbe chorus promises to be excclitnt from tbeir familiarity with the ni osic, , whilst the hand as usual will be augmented by a few performers from Melbourne, "lbere will -doubtless be a large attendance -as on former occasions. A cricket match will be played on tbe Eastern Oval on Boxing Day, between- the Baliaiat and South Yarra Cricket Clubs. The following arc tbe names of the Ballarat team; — Messrs D. oweenej, i. uuuu:l-,l rue, neinie". B. J. Figgis, J. Sanderson, Pinnock, IV O'Neill, J. Hirst, O. Cazaly, and P. Gay. Emergency : men — Wilkie and Campbell. Our attention has been directed to some very clever mechanical toys recently received by Mrs A. Wood, of Sturt street; the movements of a number of them, when wound up, being exceed ingly clever and diverting to the you-ig. Some of these figures ail hut articulate, and so perfect are'. tbe simple contrivances to effect tbe movements brought about, tbat they put in the shade ail pre vious attempts at automaton figures They are well worthy of inspection, and will no doubt be largely purchased at this season as Christmas gifts for tbe young. Tbe young ladies attending Mrs Binder's semi nary, Soldiers' Hill, held tbeir annual breaking-up party on W ednesday eveniDg. The pupi is, accom panied by a large numb-r of friends and parents, assembled at the seminary shortly after seven o'clock; and being served with some light refresh ments, a very creditably got-up dramatic enter tainment, ably superintended by Mrs and Miss Binder, was produced. We have not space to enumerate the different lady and gentlemen amateurs who very effectively supported tbe characters in ihe pretty comedietta of tlie " Loan of a Lover"; but tbe mirth of the . audience was fully sustained throughout. Next followed a piquant little production, entitled " Tbe Trial of Tomkins," aud this was equally as successful as tbe first piece, aud evinced how well each had studied his and her part. The party broke up shortly before eleven o'clock, highly delighted with tbe enjoyable evening tbey had spent. The usual annual gathering of the Welsh of this district, or the.jEisteddfodd, will be beid on Christmas Day, in the hail of the Mechanics Institute. Tbe Argus understands that tbe members of the Legislative Assembly intend inviting his Excellency the Governor to dine with them at Parliament House on the occasion of the proroga-, ticn. The dinner will be provided by Mr Gregory,' parliamentary caterer. A number of comparatively uninteresting cases were tried at the District Police Court yesterday morning. No small excitement was caused in tbe neigh borhood when a little fellow named Herbert Aston, son of Mr Thomas -Astony of 63 Dana street, was missed from iiis home at six o'clock yesterday evening. The child is bnt three years old, has light hair, and blue eyes, and wore a white pinafore and a straw bat — bis name -being written inside tbe latter. The police were at once acquainted with tbe circumstance, and we hope tbat the little fellow may be recovered be fore iong. j The custom of adulterating bread with alumina is one that has attained a considerable. extent, but the City Council have resolved to take active . measures to suppress the practice, and on Wed- : nesday (says the Argus) two bakers were sum- ' moiled to tbe District Court fur litis offence. ! Sergeant Fullartou went into the shops of Mr T. I H. Miers in Little Collins street, and Mr Duncan, ! in Lonsdale street, aud purchased some bread, ; which was submitted for examination lo Mr : Sydney Gibbons, analytical chemist, who found , Aiiers's bread lo contain 50 grains, and Duncan's j 25 to 30 grains of alumina to tbe 4 lb loaf. ' Alumina is the metallic base' of We 'substanoe ; known iu commerce as aium, .and has a deletrri- I ous effect on the constitutions of persons eating ' the bread adulterated with it to any . extent. The ! principal object of tha bakers -inr feing tbe i alumina are the whiteness and apparent cx- 1 ceilesce imparted to bad flour by -it, and, she in- 1 creased weight given by it to tbe, fiour by enabling it to absorb more water in . proportion than it conld if worked up in the proper manner. Other cases of a similar nature wilt shortly be brought before tbe court. The defendants .were fined 40s, witb 40s costs, each. Intelligence has ' been received "by tbis maii of tbe death of Capt. IV. H. Norman, former)- of H.M.C.S.S. Victoria. Captain Norman, it jw|U be recollected, went home to bring out the monitor Cerberus. The Herald of last night questions tbe veracity of tbe above information. Power, tbe bushranger, seems to. -have-' been latterly in tbe neighborhood of Ballarat. Tbe Age of yesterday, says; — The bushranger Power is said to be making his way. towards the coast,-- with a view of taking his departure from the colony; and the last reports of liini state that lie has been Been at Dean, near tbi Bnllarook Forest. If he has the faardiliood to approach any of the large towns of the colony it is to be hoped that some of the members of the -police or detective force will be allowed to use their own discretion i in the manner of attempting bis capture, instead of being bound down to certain departmental rules, the enforcement of which has,, no dopbt, delayed the capture of tbis ruffian. Apropos a f busbranging, an old woman who was taken before tbe city magistrates yesterday on a charge of breaking a number of glasses at, an hotel iu Lonsdale street, created some amusement by ber stating that she went into the pjaqe to eusrept a bushranger whom she saw drinking there, but as be was a respectable-looking individual she did not persist in ber endeavors, and tbe landlord refusing her a drink .after her exertions gshe smashed the glasses, but tile magistrates fined ber ten shillings, or seven days' -iu gaol for her amusemeot. Who is to be (he new Treasurer ? was a question freely discussed in Collins street on Wednesday (says the Age), it being generally, accepted as a fact that Mr Byrne retires from the Cabinet on the first favorable opportunity. Mr Langtoo was mentioned, bnt in all well-informed circles it was thought hardly desirable to appoint hi a, to avpest for which he had already proved himself inconj- petent, particularly as Captain MacMabon is thought likely to join tbe Ministry. if he is' offered this particular portfolio. Tile hon. jiaac Godfrey Reeves is also, it is said, to be relegated to private life; and it is understood his office will be banded to Mr David Blair, in consideration of : his past services; while it is rumored ,tbgu Dr Macartney will bare do objection to cast in) bis lot with the Ministry, in the capacity of Minister of JuBtice. ' , Mr Gilliugham's work, entitled " Visions)- in tbe Isle of Patmos," has now entered upanLite second edition, and judging from the popularity with which tbe first quantity printed was re ceived, tbis second edition will doubtess(<x>m- i mand a. ready sale. We have before spoken favorably of this production, which shows great painstaking and no little literary ability on thfe part of Mr Giilingham, and we need therefore only add now that as an analytical objectiod to I Spiritism tbe hook is well worth reading. Copies i may be obtained, frcm most of the principal book) i sellers in Ballarat and Sehastopol. . . , r-p ) I Tbe nameB of tbe gentlemen who bave yon- | seated to act as a committee at the; drawing for i Roberts Brothers' New Year's gifts wjll be found published elsewhere. '' J ; Burton :s Circus' is - once again ' ion la! vikiteto i Ballarat, and is announced to open to-niglit;_jhd tbe last occasion many were disappointed at the : want of a lady equestrienne, and this gap we are j , happy to say is dow filled by Mdlle. La Rosierrd , ' In addition also to the well trained stndfofrlkfr&es; ' I and ponies, for whicb this circus has ' beettedler : brated, a performance by '-".educated)' -dODkeys | is amongst tbe list of amusements. \ i ; f ) ) ( , j .During the heavy tlmnderslorm ..that -passed I over Dry'sdale oa Tuesday "last n'Tree in "Mr j Thompson's paddock.reporte iheGeelang AtUa\ tiser, was riveu aud set on fire by the ligiidhlng. i The-electric fiuid- entered-. the top-pacttof the stem of the tree, Vhich was hollow, and burst it,' i hurling large pieces to a dis'tenoe 'df thirty/ward Fortunately no one was near at tbe time, 'so that tbere was-no accident. : - '' j Whether tbe ocean postal service scheme wjli -ever be harried nut is, under the pretent's'tatc of j things, problematical in the extreme; bnt fbr"alj That There is fair prospect, reports ittjeTAjQat a firsteclass line of Steamers To fun"hrti#eeo"fhe United Kingdom and Anstralia-'arill shortly bd established : by .private enterprise. Bribr. to the departure of the November maft hotneicorzedpon- dence bad passed, between Mr Verdon anfl'thd National Steamship Compahy on the question oi .ninning a trial line, without any sstisfachuyrel suit; but a similsr'correspondence Wifh lamsrs James Howden and Co. elicited ' the agreeaBlelo- formation ithat a really flret-clasa line would be established shortly if the field was not previously taken up. . i Mr Lytter -will fcrrire 'here oh the 20th of .January, and'on the 5th of February tjje.ppcratic season will be inaugurated it the Theatre Sbydlj Melbourne. -Messrs Beaumont. tattt.-Sutcliffe and Baker have Been ;engaged to uMpportthd artistes who are coming; from Italy. Mr John! Smith's agent, Mr; Kir by, arrived by the tnai| from Japan. The-Lenton. boys, when the malt left, were performing at the Cirque Napoleon, Paris, Mr Lenton having dissolved his partner ship with Professor Bisley. ? Tbe commission recently appointed to o-onirc into tile recent collisions on the Viutor,J1J Rail ways at Hsrconrt and Ballarat lias sent in its report to ihe hcil <! Hie ucpaixuient. With re- gad to the ffarcourt Collision, tbe commission reports that the engineer is to blame for" not slopping tbe engine in time; also, that the sema phore is not sufficiently distinct, in consequence of being backed by a quantity of thick timber, and that the station itself should be under the care of au able-bodied man instead ef a woman as at present, ; As the station is bnt little used, it has been under the care of tbe widow of a man whodied w -tteenvks. In reference to the ac cident at Ballarat, the responsibility has been placed against the driver of the train engine. In another case, the delay of tbe volunteers in ar riving at Baiiarat on the occasion of the review, the fault1 has -been decided to he, not that of the Railway department, but- attributable to the delay in getting the volunteers embarked, as '159 more i Iran was anticipated had to he carried, to the. (consequent extra Carriage weight (25 tons) at- ts'ched- to tbe train, and also to'tlie bad weather which prevailed at the time. The case of the escape from a collision which occurred on the Geelong iioe some little time ago has not been investigated, nor will it; the facts being appa rently 6uph that there was nothing to have been ' feared, all ja'tfger having been fortunately avoided in time, and tbe guard, station master, and engine- driver having been fined in small amounts. Another eujoyabl; entertainment was given at riie. Mechanics' /Institute last evening by Miss Easdowo, Mr Lasceiies, and Mr Barry O'Neil. We do not believe that any one song or piece escaped an encore, and tbe applause was almost tiresome at times. Amongst other choice morceauz we tuay say that tbe rendering of " The minute gun at sea," by Miss Easdowu and Mr Ltscelles was a decided treat. Before tbe con clusion , Mr iiaiuer announced tbat on this even ing a promenade concert would be given at the same place and hour, and at a iow uniform charge to all parts of the house. We shall be glad to see-agood attendance,-. 