NEW YORK SPECULATORS. There is one sense^ — but not a thoroughly creditable one— in which the Americans possess the most advanced system of com merce in the world. London has hitherto been the acknowledged centre of commercial activity— the ideal of speculative genius — the perfection of a money-malting arena. It has the, largest public debt in existence, with its own peculiar staff of speculators employed upon it It is the focus of all the currency movements of Europe, and deter mines the daily fluctuations of scores of money markets. It collects and re distributes three-fourths of the bullion produced by the gold and silver mines of the world. It is the entrepot of all manner of foreign and colonial produce, each of which has its special salerooms and dealers and distributors. It ia the head of a great inland banking system, the slightest derangement of which spreads confusion, and it may be distress, through the three kingdoms. All these functions devolve on London as the metropolis of the greatest trading country on the earth. Aa a rule she discharges them skilfully and honestly. But the gambling element which lies at the bottom of all commerce occasionally grows too strong for her. Legitimate trade occasionally appears too slow, and rshe plunges into a temporary fever of speculation. Dis creditable disclosures are from time to time made among her merchant princes The back parlours of her banks amUcountingl houses sometimes get blown up, and reveal horrifyingskeletonsintheircupboards. Never theless, London, considering her temptations, is honest as honesty goes in these days. Not withstanding theforceofherspeculativespirit, and the opportunities ltnas or exercise, sne is wonderfully self -restrained. The villagers of Humdrum, who might do all their trade by barter if currency were to go out of fashion, may think Lombard-street a nest of gamblers ; but if due note were taken of the responsi bilities which rest on Lombard-street, and of the bewildering business it has to conduct, no one would expect it to keep its head as cool as the village of Humdrum. Anil if we confess that Lombard-street is bad, there is another plea of extenuation its comparative superiority to other places similarly circumstanced ; Wall-street, in New York, for instance. London crises certainly do not occur too seldom, nor are they by any means over-mild when they occur. Yet how can it be that New York, with a third part of the business to do, and not a third part as liable to external derange ments, should not only have more crises, but should produce them in an aggravated form? Lombard-street anticipates asphyxia every seven years. In Wall-street it is an annual complaint, and during the past year there have been symptoms c* its becoming chronic. Our colonial specu lators consider themselves if anything rather ahead of the paternal model ; but half a day in Wall-street would teach them modesty. Half an hour there during a regular 'crush' would humiliate them. There is nothing in English or Australian experience to suggest the faintest conception of its reckless opera tions or its shameless swindling. This reck lesness and shamelessness are becoming the rule ; honesty the exception. The commer cial and monetary reports of the New York papers might pass for the Police Court pro ceedings of a less go-ahead city. The names of the individuals or Com. pames who have arranged the latest 'lock up' of greenbacks or the newest issue of bubble shares are recorded as coolly as we might do the principals in a large wheat transaction. The origin, develop ment, and results of afresh 'bulling' ope ration are described as minutely as the burglar Caseley stated at Bow-street his experience in opening safes. A special illustration of this we com mented upon lately in the case of the Erie Railway, but there is something still more significant in the general tone of New York business. If the Erie swindlers are exceptional at all, it is in degree, not in kind. The public opinion of Wall-street cannot reproach, much less repudiate them. It knows that they are of its own train ing — exaggerated specimens of its peculiar virtues. In London, however disgraceful exposures may come out during a panic, public opinion is never demoralized. The commercial sense of honour may be numbed for a time, but it speedily recovers. Commercial rascality is not condoned on account of its success as in New York. The law has never to confess its powerlessness to check dishonesty, however bold or ingenious. The Legislature does not hesitate to give greater stringency to the law when some new development of roguery seems to require it. The causes of this peculiar distinction in the commercial tone of the two cities are becoming a serious study for economists. A few of them lie on the surface, an^ their operation may be seen at a dance: nit others are further to look for. [he most obvious is that business is less iy8tematized in New York than in London. Che speculators of the city are classified in small groups, each of which has its own jroove. One goes on the Stock Exchange, mother into shares, a third into Mincing [ane among colonial produce, a fourth into bill-discounting, a fifth, into finance com panies, and so on. In most cases custom, and in some the law, has drawn a line of demarcation between them. Banks have what is termed their legitimate business, bill brokers have theirs, and so more or less are all the others supposed to be specialized. The .speculator who attempts versa tility, and puts too many irons in the fire, is suspected. In New York, where no such demarcations are practically recog nised, the speculator may be ubiquitous if he likes. The only condition of his existence is to be always ' trading' in something, whether greenbacks, Erie scrip, Chicago Pork, Five Twenties, wooden nutmegs, or Government billets. The New York mer chants set the example of speculation, and their customers to a man follow their example. The farmer in the Far West speculates by holding back his wheat so as to circumvent the city speculators who would fain buy it up at the commencement of the season. The country storekeeper speculates in pur chasing far beyond the real requirements of his trade that he may 'hold for a rise.' The artisan speculates with his savings that he may double them, as he has heard of others doing. All make haste to be rich, without the slightest thought where their expected richeisjjre to come from. The America of the nineteenth century, with all its sagacity and coolheadedness,is as ^ : ' ' n^~ ^ — JL( - — ' '' ' ''''''? ' f~ dTniorabzed *i gambler ~as France* of 'the eighteenth century wjth her State lotteries. She was bad before the war, but the derange ment N-of business caused/by van enormous public debt and heavy taxation' has 'intoxi- cated the strongest minds. Ordinary in dustry is for the time depressed, but the fluctuations of the currency and of prices in general exhibit an ignis fatuus of wealth which every one- grasps at as he has oppor tunity. One of the leading commercial organs of the Union, the Springfield Republican, regularly publishes in its money 'articles statements like the following, which are never disputed by any one, and apparently never resented by those upon whom they reflect :— ' As we predicted last week, the clique which has been engaged in locking up greenbacks at New York has not let the business community off so quickly or so easily as it did a month- ago. Not only have the greenbacks not come back again, hut there have been further large withdrawals, and certain Banks remain in the unenviable, and one would think uncomfortable position of having palpably abused their franchise, and joined in a criminal conspiracy to plunder the business com munity, lor which it is their duty impartially to provide a currency for the benefit of a greedy and corrupt clique^ The New York papers mention 11 Banks which are notoriously connected with stock operations. Those which have been the largest creditors at the Clearing-house the last week, and hence presumably in complicity with the bear clique, are four— the Union, Republic, Common wealth, and Fourth National Of these the Bank of the Commonwealth, which has for a week been a daily creditor at the Clearing-house to the extent of from one and a half to two and a half millions of dollars, on a capital of half a million, receives the greatest share of the blame. There is a great and increasing indignation of this abuse of banking, privileges, which, in connection with the settled hostility of the West, is seriously imperilling the national system, and is not unlikely to arouse practical opposition of the gravest kind at the next session of Congress. 'In the share market the feature of the week has been the fall in Erie, owing to the scandalous conspiracy of its own officers to destroy its credit and ruin the stockholders. This they have effected both through the fashionable device of locking up greenbacks per favour of the Bank of the Commonwealth, and by threatening a new issue of convertible bonds, under the wretched old pretence of improving their track. It appears that since the conclusion of the Vanderbilt liti gations, ten millions of convertible bonds have been issued, of which five millions have already been con verted into common stock, raising the amount to C3Q £f¥l -W) anA frha pamaininfr fitrp miliinnn arA ' coming.' in addition to this, $3.uuu,uuu win De needed to lay the 'third rail.' The President, also, etill further keeps up the spirit of the share holders by expressing fears that the Company will not be able to meet its acceptances on the 1st of January, and will have to go into the hands of a receiver. No wonder the stock went down like lead, and orders to sell on English account became so numerous that bankers have refused to receive it as a collateral at any price. The management of the Erie-road for years has been an unspeakable disgrace to the country, and ought to be corrected by legislative interference, since the judiciary have failed so signally at applying a remedy.' The mercantile community, led on by those who should act as a barrier to its gambling freaks, runs itself into a corner, and incurs that peculiarly uncomfortable sensation known as 'tightness of the market.' The Banks cannot deliver it if they would ; but generally it is not their interest to do so. Most likely they have been parties to the little game which produced the tightness— a 'bulling' adventure in Wall-street, it may b , or a locking-up of greenbacks. But d raocracy is sometimes an antidote to bad fi^ lancing. There is always Uncle Sam to apply to in an extremity. Mr. McCulloch, the Secretary to the Treasury, receives a de putation from Wall-street, and a dispensa tion is given to the Banks to mend one illegality by committing another. They deliberately occasion a scarcity of currency by locking up all they can command, and then they are allowed to cure it by an over issue of their own notes. Such matters of everyday occurrence will be found alluded to in iheSprinsfield Republican in this style: — 'The sudden ease in money is due partially to the fact that Mr. McCulloch has stated that the Banks who, under the present lock may have felt called upon to trench upon their reserve in order to assist their customers, will not be molested.' Suppose our Treasurer had the power of informing the Bank Directors of Adelaide that if they had any occasion during the next week to over-issue a few thousand'pounda of notes 'they would not be molested!' Colonial finance would seem very greenhorn work in Wall-street ; but, on the whole, it may suit us better than Mr. McCulloch's system. Thb Burra Mine.— We understand that on Mr. Darlington's arrival in Europe he lost no time in giving instructions for the manu facture of the dressing apparatus, which is to be used under the intended arrangements for removing the ore by means of open workings. He also secured the services of a competent agent, who is expected to arrive here shortly to conduct the operations under the new system. The whole of the ore lately on hand has been disposed of to the English and Australian Copper Company. Of copper there have been 100 tons exported to Britain for sale since September last, and about 204 tons remain on hand. During the sus Cion of operations the stores and stock i been carefully examined and the ac counts adjusted. The loss on the workings of the mine since September, 1866, has been £10,833 19s. 6d., but this includes the cost of sinking Graves's Shaft from the 20 to the 50 fathom level, the erection of the engine-house, and other outlay, which wili be of benefit in the future work ings. A sum of £61,600 has been transferred from stock account arising from previous profits to meet this loss, and that on purchasing and working the Karkulto Mine, leaving a balance to the credit of profit and loss account of £32,761 Is. IOd. The debits include the subscribed capital of £12,320 ; balance of stock account, £49,280, forming together £61,600, the amount of the proposed capital for the future, besides £32,761 Is. IOd. atthecreditof profit and loss, and £827 Is. 2d. due to sundry creditors. The credits, estimated at £95,1S8 3s., in clude value of fixed property, machining plant, stores, unsold copper, sundry debtors, and cash. ? ,____ The Governor's Visit to the North— His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, accompanied by his Private Secretary and Aid-de-camp, the Hon. Captain Edgcumbe, started from Adelaide by special train on Monday morning, April 19, at half-past 4 o'clock. There was a brief stoppage at Gawler, and Kapunda was reached at 6 o'clock. His Excellency then set out for Clare en route for Booyoolee. the head-station of Mr. H. B. Hughes. Our telegram mentions the manner of his recep tion at some of the places passed, and we were informed that His Excellency arrived at Clare before 12 o'clock. After a short stay he continued his journey, and was likely to reach Booyoolee within 24 hours of his departure. We believe he is likely to remain in the North for a few days. Released Pbisokers.— His Excellency Sir Jas. Fergusson has ordered the release from the Dry Creek Labour Prison of two prisoners to whom bis attention was called by the Comptroller of Con victs on the occasion of His Excellency's recent visit. One of these, named Webber, was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for larceny, and has served his time, less four months. He recently met with an accident in the quarries, by which hiB leg was broken, and the Governor directed his removal to the Hospital The other prisoner was known as Old Man Archie, and his offence was sheep- Btealing. Hospital Cases.— John Sewell, the old man who was so seriously hurt through falling into the Second Creek on Thursday last, died from the eflects of the injures received at the Hospital on Monday evening, April 19. J. H. Scott, who attempted to poison himself on Friday, was on Monday evening suffering severely from delirium Iremens, and was so violent that he had to be placed in a separate room, and some policecon stables had to be sent for to manage him. The jockey Gibson and the boy Kendell were pro gressing favourably. Corporation Accounts. — A'notica will be found in our business columns intimating that sums owing by the Corporation win be paid to-day (Tuesday) at the Town Clerk's Office, between the hours of 11 and 12. The Potosi Mkk.— The following report from Mr. Kailey, dated April 17, has been received by the Directors of the Potosi Company. The most satisfactory part 'of it is that relating to the dis covery that the lode is considerably wider than was at first supposed :— ' Work at the mine for the last two weeks aa follows— The crosscut has been driven 26 feet, which will be 128 feet in alL From the appearance of the tunnel we are coming on another lode of ore. The Darton tunnel is in 31 feet. The road from the Almanda to the mine is finished. The engine and boiler got up, and was unloaded all right on Friday, and we have commenced to clear away for the site of the mill ; also to clear away to sink the shaft In breaking awav from the tunnel to the side of the bank I find the lode shows wider than we had calculated it to be. In driving the tunnel the lode was left on the west side from one to two feet.' The Pobtboad.— The portion of this road from the western toll-gate to the Custom- House is now so much out of repair that vehicles cannot be drawn faster than at a walkmg pace. IU condition is not creditab1? to the authorities. Thb Theatre Rotal. — The return to the ' legitimate drama,' after the interlude ot the Pantomime season, has been successfully in lugurated. There was a well-filled house on Monday when the curtain rose on the 'Corsican Brothers'— a piece which has long enjoyed a avourable reputation. The success of its repre lentation depends far more upon the scene-painter md mechanist than upon the actor. Each act is iroiked up into a spectacular climax, in which the leading feature is the mysterious connection be iween the brothers- so alike in figure, in expres lion, and in sensibilities. There h associated with the drama all the difficulty resulting from an admixture of the real and the supernatural. The transformations are sudden and chilling; the characters are introduced abruptly, and no [ess abruptly disappear; the incidents are strung together so as to suit the one leading idea without much regard to coherency, and with out any particular display of artistic skill. Pro bably these sudden apparitions of hails of justice and masquerades and so forth are intended to con tribute towards the illusion— to be in sympathy with the subtle and ghostly union between the two prominent figures. There was a tameness obser vable in the style of presenting the piece on Monday night which cannos be charged to any particular actor or to any especial defect in the mounting, and which doubtless will be remedied on repetition. There were one or two entirely new scenes exhibited. One of these was put oa during the masquerade ball, and was & thoroughly creditable production. The ball itself was on a small scale, although far from being a failure. Figures inaske4 and unmasked danced and promenaded; the merry active clown went through his antics; and a protracted encounter between George and the Dragon, or some other labulous pair, terminated in the orthodox style with the thorough discomfiture of the scaly monster. The party at Le Baron de Mont giron's was a very quiet affair indeed; and the duel between M. Louis de Francm and M. de Chateau fienaud was equally unexciting to the audience, who merely came in at the death. However, any disappointment on this score was amply compensated for by the interest enkindled by the determined struggle between AL Fabian de Franchi. the avenger of his assassinated brother cold, resolute, inexorable— and Chateau Kenaud, moody, apprehensive, tormented with gloomy forebodings of impending defeat and death. The mechanical arrangements for enabling the ghost gradually to glide into the light of day worked admirably, but the mode of exit was far less happily contrived and less effectively executed. Besides this little or no attempt was made to produce the impression of a disembodied shade re visiting the glimpses of the moon. The man, save in his utter immobility, had nothing to hide the 'muddy vesture of decay.' But, taken all in ah', there is not much ground for complaint in re ference to the mechanist's part. The dual cha racter of MM. Fabian and Louis de Franchi was taken by Mr. Bellair, and well taken too. Mr. Lawrence, notwithstanding |a severe cold, enacted the calculating villanous side of Benaud's cha racter effectively. His make-up, however, rather gave the idea of a truculent ill- concealed ruffian than a man of fashion and a thorough-paced lady-killer. Mr. Munro's Mont giron was carefully and spiritedly played, and the same may be said of Miss Juno's Kmilie de Lespane. This lady is particularly successful in denunciation, and her bearing and tone in adminis tering the withering invective against Kenaud were forcible and to the purpose. Miss Adelaide Stoneham vent through her part of Kstelle, a lady of the ballet, with the most thorough naturalness. A reckless levity, which only too plainly marked the role she bad to take, was expressed in her every word and gesture. The other characters went creditably through what was required of them, and the performance only requires a repetition to be a very successful one. The farce was 'My Heart's in the Highlands.' the merits of which are of a very negative order. The same bill is offered for to-night Madame Bishop s Concerts.— To-night the first Df Madame Anna Bishop's concerts will take place in White's Rooms, and we judge that nothing but this announcement is necessary to ensure a full lttendance. Madame Bishop is to be assisted by in Adelaide favourite, Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. AJfred Wilkie, a gentlemen who comes well re commended, but has never before appeared in this city. Lady Edith Fergusson intends honouring the performance with ner presence. The pro gramme, which is varied and attractive, will be found in another column. To prove how greatly Madame Bishop's concerts were ap preciated in Melbourne, we quote the fol lowing from the Araus of Tuesday, April 13:— 'Madame Bishop's farewell concert' took place last night, and was attended by Major-General Sir Trevor Chute and Lady Chute, Sir Redmond Barry, and as large an audience as ever assembled iu St. George's ttaU, the floor and gallery of which were crowded to excess. This concert was the ter mination of Madame Bishop's final professional visit to this colony. To day she, with her husband (Mr. Schultz), Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. Wilkie, will leave Melbourne for Adelaide, where a short series of concerts will be given prior to her departure for England, en route to New York, in which city she purposes, it is understood, to take up her abode for the rest of her life. Madame BiBhop is one— per- haps the most eminent one-of the very few vo calists that have visited this pait of the world who can claim to be considered perfect artists. It is not only because of the delightful quality and purity of her voice, but from the exquisite style of her singing, in which are included feel ing, articulation, pronunciation, gracefulness, fiorilure. and all the requisites of effective and captivating vocalization, that she has achieved a distinction for which she may truly be envied by every earnest aspirant to fame in the world of vocal art. She may have experienced demonstra tions of approval of a more uniform character in other cities and towns of Australasia, but it may safely be asserted that her talents and genius have nowhere been appreciated more than ia this city. During this last visit of Madame Bishop she has, with her wonted kindness, afforded novices the benefit of rehearsing with her in private, and the privilege of singing with her in public; and when it is considered how great her facility is for im parting instruction under such circumstances, as well by her example as by her directions, it will be concluded that thatbenefit and that privilege amount to something of no mean value. Judging from the present state of the musical world, it will be long before another artiste of Madame Bishop's estimable qualities will make her appearance in this city.' Mabine Board.— The Marine Board met on Monday, April 19, when, in addition to the usuil amount of routine business, the following matters were dealt with : -Minute from the Treasurer: inti mating that the President would accompany the Commissioner of Crown Lands on a visit to the site of the proposed township of Troubridge. Treasury minute, statins that it was not considered uesiraoie to mase any separation in the contract for the boat services of the Customs and Marine Board Department. It was resolved to recommend that as the requirements of the Board for boat service were so trifling as compared with the Customs and Postal Department, that it would be desirable to place the contractor under the control of the Collector of Customs. A minute was read in reference to the employment of a horse by the Magazine-Keeper, and the Board expressed aa opinion that it was unnecessary, as by an altera tion of arrangements the charges could be collected on delivery of the powder. A Treasury minute intimated that the matter of leasing the North parade wharf- frontages would be dealt with in the Crown Lands Department. A letter was read from (Jr. Steward, in reference to the work at the Govern ment lard. The President stated that be had made enquiries, and satisfied himself that no action was necessary on the part of the Board. The Late Messrs. Beebt & Duxstah's Estate.— The whoie of tbe large area of vacant land in Grenfell- street, nearly opposite the Register and Observer Offices, and adjoining the well-known Albion Mills, is now sold. We learn that sub stantial warehouses will before long cover the vacant frontages up to the main building. It was some time ago arranged that a 20-feet road should run from Grenfell to Bundle streets in continuation of that dividing the properties of Mr. G. James, of the Norfolk Arms, and Mr. Primrose, the brewer ; and we may add that the large brick building pro jecting at the side of the main structure, together with the chimney-stack, will be removed to make room for the other proposed erections. The exten sive four-storeyed double warehouses, used by the late firm as the mill stores, are still undisposed of. Esmbbalda Ube.— The crushing, &c;, of some ire from the Esmeralda Mine has yielded the fol owing favourable results:— From a lot of 35 cwt., ' ozs. 5 dwts. of gold and silver; from a lot of 40 :wt., 9 oza. 14 dwts. of gold and silver. Mr. Railey jstimates the value of this metal is from £2 to £2 103. per ounce. An Axebicah Hotel at Ballabat. — A few lays ago our (Argm) Ballarat correspondent men ioned, as a new scheme just introduced to the loticeof the 'Corner,' a 'Grand Marine Hotel Jompany,' projected by Mr. C. Forster, for several rears the Governor of the Ballarat Gaol, next proprietor of the George Hotel, Ballarat, and latterly known aa the proprietor of the George Hotel, St. Kilda, near the Railway Terminus. Hence it was not inappropriate that he should seek early the support of his Ballarat friends. The ex hibition in Mr. Paling's window in Collins-street of the magnificent design for the new building, prepared by Mr. J. Flannagan, has now in a measure brought the thing before tin Melbourne public. It is not the first time a grand marine hotel at St. Kilda has been talked of, but the present undertaking has more promise of success than any of the others. Tbe proposition is to raise a capital of £50,000, in 5,000 shares of j£10each; and, en passant, it may be mentioned that about 700 of these shares were taken up at the 'Corner' within a very short time. Between j£30,000 and £40,000 of this money is to be spent on the hotel, which is to be built on the vacant corner, 135 feet x 250 feet, at the corner of Grey and Fitzroy streets, immediately adjoining the George Hotel, and opposite the Railway Station. The allotment has already been purchased by Mr. Forster from Mr. Edward Cohen. The projected building is of superb dimensions, and, as planned, surpasses in appearance every other Victorian hotel. The facade commands both streets. At the corner is a tall tower Bhaped like a campanile, rising over 100 feet At each flank there are lesser towers, of four storeys each, and the body of the two fronts consisU of two sets of three colon nades, one above the other, the two lower ones surmounted by light round-headed arches, and the upper offering some variety of design in the Co rinthian columns which support the parapet. The style is properly called Italian, but it has been so applied that an air of elegant lightness is given to the whole exterior. The interior design provides for a club-house at one end, a manager's residence, and the hotel proper, which last includes a large dining-room 50 ft. x 25 ft., several smaller dining rooms for family purpose, about 16 sitting-rooms, and 80 bedrooms. Altogether, independent of servants' rooms and cellarage, the structure will conta/n 120 rooms. In the centre is to be a court, with fountain?, flowers, and greenery. There will be no bar except at the extreme back, but ample provision in the shape of smoking, coffee, and billiard rooms. The club-house has, of course, its independent accommodation. The internal corridors are arranged in suites of rooms for families, and also upon a scale similar to those of the large American hotels for borders, who will thus unite the independence of the hotel with the comfort of a boarding- house. The kitchen is to be on the topmost storey, hydraulic lifts affording the necessary means of communication. The institu tion will Also combine a Post and Telegraph Office. Friqhtpol Death op a Hobsb.— A singular ucldent recently occurred to one of the Northern mail horses. One of the mail coaches had just changed horses, and a fine team was put in harness, but had only proceeded from the mail station a short distance when the. driver's atten tion was directed to one of the animals in the pole, a fine beast standing over 16 hands high, becoming suddenly lame. It being midnight, no further notice was taken until the coach had proceeded about six miles onward. Then the vehicle wsb suddenly brought to a standstill by the horse fall ing. and on examination it was found that the pour animal had bled Ut death, from the loss of its hoof, which had been torn off at the navicular joint, leaving the coronet and pastern completely exposed to the metal road. The sufferings endured must have been most acute, as the bone was com pletely worn down by coming in contact with tbe surf ace of the road. Wholksalk Drownejo of Shew.- The pro prietors of the Crystal Brook Run suffered during this season a singular loss of about 700 sheep in one of their large paddocks north-west of the station. The sheep were in the habit of proceeding far out on the remarkably shallow beach after the tide had receded and wandered about on the sands. On the tide returning they appeared not to be possessed of sufficient sagacity to make for higher ground, and the beach lately for miles was found strewn with their carcases. Thb Pbejcis and thb CARAironns.— The fol lowing story has found its way intojthe Launceston Examiner at the 13th instant :— ' His Royal High ness Prince Alfred, when he left Sydney, was not accompanied by the Earl of Belmore. The journals hare been suspiciously silent, but private advices have not been so reticent. It is said that the Earl absented himself, or rather did not attend to bid the Prince a public farewell, because of a quarrel between himself and the Duke. It seems that a few days previous the Earl of Belmore announced bis intention of giving a dinner-party at Government House^ and the Prince wantedhim to invite the Carandinis. This the Ewl positively refused to do, and the Prince, in a huff, threatened le would not honour the party with his presence. The Earl of Belmore was firm, and the Prince was equally obstinate. He absented himself, and did not again trouble the Governor with his presence.' Thb City Lamps. — The unlighted lamps throughout the city occupied the attention of the Council on Monday, when serious suggestions were made of offering them for sale, the Mayor having informed the Council that they possessed power to do so. It was intimated that a direct pro position on the subject would be made at the next meeting. In the meantime we may say that it has come to our knowledge that more than one have had the glasses broken by boys wantonly throwing stones. If the lamps are not to be used it would probably be wise to remove at least those parts which are so liable to damage. ADELAIDE PHILHARMONIC SOOOTT.— A meeting of this Society was held on Monday evening in the refreshment-room of the Town Hall. It was resolved to meet every Friday evening for re hearsal, and that performing members be admitted on application to the Committee. Tbe ap pointment of Mr. S. B. White as leader and of Mr. J. Shakespeare as organist was confirmed. Abeut 40 additional names were received for enrolment, and .two or three choruses were rehearsed. ThkPbincb Alfred IHotkl and Mb. George Aldbidge.— That well-known and thoroughly efficient public caterer, Mr. Aldridge, has now entered upon the handsome hotel erected next to the Town Hall by Mr. Bray, as will be seen by a business announcement elsewhere. He will there have ample scope for his abilities and resources. Cottagb Hospitals.— An institution of this kind, which has been found very beneficial at the port of Fowey, in Cornwall, is thus noticed in the Lancet of January 2:— 'The beneficial results which have followed the institution of milage or cottage hospitals, and the favourable reception and constant use of such hospitals by tbe poor, hare frequently been made the subject of comment in these columns. We are not therefore surprised to observe that already cottage hospitals are becom ing too small to meet the increasing demands for admission matleby the poor, who hnd that they are spared many vexatious delays, weary journeys, and much unbearable expense by entering them, whilst they obtain speedy relief for their ailments. This is the case at Fowey. The cottage hospital there has been in existence eight years, and is now almost self-supporting. More room is needed, however, and an eligible site has been promised for the erection of a suitable building, te cost &00. The plan, we need scarcely say, has our hearty concurrence, and especially as we learn that the hospital exists not only for agriculturists, but for miners and afflicted and friendless sailors, some times foreigners, who happen to be brought into the neighbourhood.' [From yesterday's Evening Journal.^ The Govebnob'3 Visit to thb South-east.— In the hope that His Excellency will consent to attend the Waterloo Coursing Match at Narra coorte, the South-Easterners are setting their wits to work to devise additional sensations. The list comprised before, m addition to the coursing, in spection of the Mosquito Plains caves, grand ball at Narracoorte, levee at Mount Gambier, drawing loom if possible, hunting, lake visiting, &c;, but the spirited folks of Penola wish to add a race meeting there, with a thoroughly 'colonial steeplechase.' Sudden Death at Kingston. — A Bad ca3e of sudden death occurred the other day at Kingston. A young girl— a new arrival in the colony— had been suffering for a fortnight with inteimittent fever; but appearing much better rose and pre pared the breakfast This she had scarcely com pleted when, turning to her mother and saying, 'Oh, mother, lam going to die,' she lay down on the bed and immediately expired.— Mount Gambier Standard. The Rev. Oswald Dikes.— A call is being signed inviting this able young Presbyterian minister, late colleague of Dr. Candlisb, who not long since visited these colonies, to accept the charge of the church at East St. Kilda, near Melbourne. Ihe invitation is to be sent by the outgoing mail. Thb Town of Koobisga.— A special meeting of the South Australian Mining Company is shortly to be held to consider the propriety of authorising the Directors to dispose of the freehold, saving minerals, of the allotments within the town of Kooringa. The Directors think the present a favourable opportunity, as many of the leases are now falling in. The Vineyard Raid at Glkn Osmond.— As regards the raid upon Mr. K. B. Smith's vineyard, to which a correspondent referred in our last, we find that Mr. Smith has been subjected to several previous annoyances by persons shooting over his grounds and breaking a large number of his win dows. Ihe informations were not laid against a select few, as stated by our correspondent, but against all who could be identified, with the exception of such as had especially apolo gised for their conduct; and we understand that even now, bo little is Mr. Smith in clined to proceed to extremities, that it is not improbable that the apologies since made may lead to the proceedings being withdrawn. Mi. Smith appears to have acted with much modera tion under circumstances which might have pro voked most men to severe acts of retaliation. We need hardly add that the action taken by him was under the belief that no hoax had really --een practiced upon the people who so unceremoniously plundered his vineyard. Sale of Town Property in Mount Gambier. —It is reported that Mrs. Mitchell, the fortunate owner of a large extent of town land at the Mount, has sold to Mr. Thomas Newton a block of 11 acres, situated between the Wesleyan Chapel on the road to Penola, and the Commercial Elour Millr, near the main street, for £1,200. The South Australian Mining Association. —We believe that at the approaching meeting of the above uompany me directors wilt propose the opening of an office m London, where information can be obtained and a register of shares kept, pro vision being also made for the transfer of shares and the payment of dividends. It will also be pro posed that the declared value of the capital shall be £61,000, which is well and substantially repre* sented-divided into 12.320 shares of £5 each, five of which will be awarded to the holders of each of the existing 2.461 shares, in exchange for and in lieu thereof. By a new deed of settlement power will be reserved to increase the capital to £100,000 by the issue of new shares. Almanda Ose.— This morning eleven bars of silver, averaging about 190 oza. each, and repre senting in all 2,000 ozs., were brought to Adelaide from the Almanda Mine. The ore from which this quantity has been extracted averaged, ire believe, about 25 ozs. to the ton. Delay of the Victorian Ovebland Mail.— 'On Thursday,' says the Border Watch, 'the inhabitants of Mount Gambier were the victims of another delay in tbe Victorian mail via Lindsay. The coach from Caaterton carried the mail-bag for the Mount beyond where it ought to hare set it down. A messenger had to be dispatched to over take the coach; his horse knocked up, and the attempt was futile. Meanwhile the Mount Gambier mailman, who was at Lindsay, waited till 10 o'clock, five hours behind time for the mail to meet him there; and there being no sign of it coming, the Postmaster at Lindsay sent him on minus the bag. Mr. Spring had no horse to for ward the mail when it did arrive at Lindsay, so it had to await the return of the Mount Gambier mailman, who was sent by Mr. Mame to bring it on. It reached here about 7 on Thursday evening, having been delajed al«ut 11 hours. The frequent irregularities in the Victorian mail are a great inconvenience to business people. Whether caused by neglect of Post-olfice officials or mail contractors we cannot say, but stringent measures should be taken by the Melbourne postal authori ties to prevent a recurrence of them.' Cultivate Flax.— The Lyttelton Times says — ' Alar?e demand for prepared flai for export to England has sprung up in Auckland. The flax is pre pared by simple machinery, which only costs from £20 to £25 each machine. Captain Ashby. of the ship Siam, recently gave a cheque for £500 for flax prepared by eight men and two boys during part of the time his ship was in port, and he expressed himself to the effect that he fully expected to be able to forward an order for 500 tons soon after his arrival in England. Even the wool lashings from New Zealand are eagerly bought up in England, and there can be but little doubt.about flax becom ing of the utmost importance to the colonists of this country. The same journal says— 'A gen tleman is now in Auckland as agent for a paper mill in Sydney, obtaining and shipping 40 tons of green flax a month.' Blenheim Hotel Billiard 8aloon.— Mr. A. J. Solomon is about to reopen the Blenheim Hotel Billiard Saloon, which he has had renovated and decorated, and has imported two of Alcock'a tables bom Melbourne. 