THE TURF. WAGGA WAG OA ANNUAL RACES. (From tm Jragga Wagga Advertiser. j The annual race meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club name off on Thursday aud Friday, the 18th and 19th instant. Compared with that of last year, the meeting was rather a slow one. There was nothing sensational in the programme, and, therefore, no special inducement for either horses or vieitoip. Still, there was a very fair shoV of both. If the horses were a littlo inferior to those of last year, the races were as well contented ; and if the visitors were less numerous tkafc when the attraction of tho Ten - ia tie race proved so effective, ihey were at least quite as merry. The weather on both days was intensely hot— a fact of which the fortunate booth- holders doubtless reaped the full advantage. There wan the usual motley crowd common to all racecourses, and rather more than the usual amount of amusement for a country course. On the Grand Stand there was the Tradesmen's Bind discoursing sweet music for the delectation of tho (lite : while on the courso, in addition to the ' noble lion' and tho merry-go- round, both of which were extensively patronised, tnere were nigger minstrels, under-and-over tables, ana every species of 'little game' calculated to take the taste, if not to improve the morals, of the publio. The Committee have made several improvements since the last meet, for which they deserve the gratitude of all turf - goers. The saddling paddock has been planted with trees, whose shade will be an immense boon during future meetings ; a verandah has been placed in front of the bar, end sundry alterations have been made in internal arrange ments of the stand. Two things more are required to make the Wagga Wagga course the best country course in the colony — a ' telegraph ' for winners ana placed horses, and a black board for scratchings and entrances. As it is, however, both course and 6tand are a credit to the Club. The arrangements for the meeting were all excellent, and under the able management of the Stewards and their officers, the race meeting of the year went off ^without the slightest liitcb, and we believe without a -single dispute. There was a fair sprinkling of vehicles of every conceivable character, and of course, the usual crowd of horsemen. The booths seemed to do an excellent business, but no one got very uproarious, and though the notice mustered in force and made rather a formidable display we did not hear that their services were required. The ball was opened by Mr. Bowler winning tho Trial Stakes with hiB handsome fflly Blue Bonnet, Minto's -friends were very sanguine of his chance, and bat for ?some clumsiness at starting, and an unlucky swerve at a critical moment of the race, the result might have been -different. A good deal of interest was excited when the bell rang for the great event of the meeting, the Town Plate. 'Three horses were scratched, leaving seven to go for the sovereigns. The favourites were Valentine and the winner ?of the same race last year, Ca6tonea. Both looked fft ?enough for anything, and both had numerous supporters. Valentine, besides his own good looks, had all the prestige of a lucky stable to recommend Mm; but those who remembered how the handsome chesnut last year, in inferior condition, had bowled over such horses as Australian and Antelope, were not disposed to lose faith in him in tip-top condition, and against an inferior field. The result proved the corectnese of this view. The horse won & fast race with ease, waited until he got within half & mile of home, and then went through his horses tike a shot, and for the rest of the distance showed Valentine, who did his best to catch him, the road. The novel race taken by Mr. HifTe's good-looking grey, S packer, was & surprise to most people ; and the easy victory of Snowdrift in the St, Leger proved that Young Yattendon, whatever else he may have inherited from his famous father, cannot boast, of much of his speed. The Hack Race was a gift to Mr. Devlin's Dusk, who did pretty much as he liked with his opponents ; and the Flying Handicap, the laat race of the day, was won, after a capital race, by Mr. J. Mitchell's racy-looking mare Fleur-de-lifl. The only representative of the ' ring ' present was Mr. Bradbury, of Sydney, but the betting was not brisk, and the odds, where any were given, were only nominal. The day passed over without aocident, and by tea-time all Wagga was at home again counting the losses of the day and discussing the chances of the morrow. First Race.— Trial Stakes, of 40 sovereigns, for all 2 year olds ; colts, 8 et 3 lbs'; fillies, 8 st Three-quarters of a mile. Mr. H. G. Bowler's c f Bine Bonnet, 8 fit (Yeomms) 1 R, Stewart's b g Minto, 8 st (Ryan) ? . . . 2 P. 3, M'Alisterie b f Little Nell, 8 st (Stone) ? . 3 Rather an indifferent start was made, Minto swerving ? considerably on the post, and Blue Bonnet getting all the btBt of it. The chesnut was never headed, ana though -pushed hard by Minto at the finish, won by a short neck. Second Race.— Wagga Wagga Town Plate Handicap, of 2G0 sovereigns, added to a sweepstake of 2 sovereigns each. Entrance 5 sovereigns ; two miles. Second horse to Teceive 30 sovereigns from the prize. Mr. P. J. M'Alister's ch a; Castonea, aged, 7 fit 6 lbs (Howard) . . . . . . ♦ . ' . . 1 H. J. Bowler's b g Valentine, 4 years, 12 at 7 lbs (Yeomans).. .. .. .. .. 2 Si G. Gorman ris g g Amateur, 4 years, 7 st (Polock) ?? ?? «? ?? .. 3 S. G. Gorman's ch g Chancellor, aged, 8 st 7 lbs. P. J. M'Aliser'e b g Albury, 4 years, 7 st 12 lbs 8\. White's br g Rearguard, aged, 7 st 12 lbs J. Hiffe'e br g Lottery, aged, 7 st 10 lbs. After Rearguard and Amateur had indulged ima canter on their own account, a tolerable start was effected, Rear guard leading the first time poBt the stand, with Amateur second, Castonea and Valentine neck and neck, and the rest in a cluster. At the back of the oonrse, Castonea com menced to go through Mb horses, and when the sandhill was reached be had taken a decided lead, of wMch the u-moBt efforteof Valentine, under whip and spur, wore unable to deprive him. Tbe game old chesnut, 'suited exactly as to distance and weight, came home in splendid style, and for the second time put the Wagga Town Plate io his credit ; Valentine & good second. Third Race.— Hovel Race of 60 sovereigns; once round the course ; weight for age ; winner to be sold by auction for 20 sovereigns immediately after the race, any surplus to go to the funds. Air, J. Itiffe's g g Spanker, aged, 9 st 5 lbs (Oystad) ., 1 J. Gormley'e b g Camel, aged, 9 st 5 lbs (P. M'Atietor) .. .. .. ?? »? 2 fi. G. Gorman nsbg Despatch, aged, 9st 5 lbs ? . . (M. M'Alister) «. ... .. %? 3 P. J. M'Alister's b. g. Kaffir, 5 years, 9st. 2 lbs. C. Guy'e ch. m. JoBephine, 4 years, 8 Bt 7 lbs. . Despatch went off with the lead, and raced past the \- stand at a tremendous b&t; but the pace was too. hot to l&Bt;, and at the back of the course the other horses dosed up, and a good race home resulted in Spanker winning easily, bands down. After the race the winner was sold to Mr. xeomans for £30. Fourth Race.— Murrumbidgee 6t. Leger, of 50 sove reigns ; for three-year nlds ; colts 8 st 7 lbs, fillies 8 st 4 lbs ; one mile and a half. Air. J. Itiffe's g f Snowdrift, 3 years, 8 st 4 lbs (Yeo mans) ?? ?« ?? ?? ?? 1 . P ? J. M'Alister's br h Yattendon, 3 years, 8 et 7 lbs (Stone) .. .. ?? .. ?? 2 TMaraoe may be very easily described- Snowdrift took ihe .lead from the start, was never asked .to race, and won as she pleased. Fifth Race.— Hack Race of 15 sovereigns; for all hacks* Mr. M. H. Devlin's br g Dusk, 9 st (Yeomans) .. 1 J . Gormley'e b g Camol, aged, 9 st (P. M'Alister) 2 6, G. Gorman ns b g Despatch, 9 at (M. M'Alister) 3 First heat : Dusk got the best of the start, and though 'boldly ptuhed by both his competitors, was never caught and won a good race by a couple of lengths. The second heat was a repetition of the first, Mr. Devlin's horse having too much foot for the others, who were unable to get near him. After tike race, the winner was sold to Mr, Martin for £31. Bixth Race.— Flying Handicap of 50 sovereigns ; three quarters of a mile ; entranoo on the night of general entry. Mr, J. Mitchel'e b m Fleur-de-lis, aged, 8st 12 lbs (Coffey) ? .. ..1 R. Stewart's b g Easy John, aged, 7 st 2 lbs (Griffiths) ,, .#2 H. J, Bowler's b f Amazon, 3 years, C st 7 lbs (Crawley) .. ?? .. .. 3 P. J, M'Alister's b g Albury, aged, 8 st 12 lbs 8\. Q, Gorm&n; ns.bg Despatch, aged, 7 st 2 lbs C. Biggall's eh m Maid of Morpeth, 5 years, 6 et 12 lbs M. H. Devlin's b g The Ghost, 6 years, 6 st. 121bs. Seven horses faced the starter. Despatch sgain went off with the lead, but was soon pumped out, aud gave way to Easy John and the favourite, between whom a capital raoe ensued, tbe filly finally winning/ with the horse close up, .and Amazon a good thud. Second Day. The attendance was again very good, the ladies especially mustering in great force, and giving the grand stand quite & gala appearance. The racing showed no falling off from Ibe excellence of the previous day, and in some respects \- there was a decided improvement. For the Grand Stand *' ' Handicap, only five horsea came to the pout. The favorites were Valentine and Snowdrift, the heavy extra weight on CsBtonps boing rightly supposed to Teduoe his chanoe to a 'minimum, and none of the others boing thought good i nough. The flag fell to an excellent start, and as the horses ptu-fed tho stand at a slashing pace, it was evident that the race would be a fast one. Flour- do-1 is led for some distance, with Amateur recond, but «*n the f »r side of the course tho mber bursts closed lip, auiJ ib© favourifids camo to the front. Here Chbioug* mim-1o his effort, bat rbu weight was too much for birc, »md he whs unable to got op. The finish between Snow. irift and Valentine was one ot tbo finest of the meeting, bur the ©ray mare had too much foot for Mr. Bowler's horac. utid boat hitn, after a game struggle, by a length. Tim Hurdle Race, which re sulted in a victory for Cleaver, win nuiinimou-jy declared the best race of the kind ever run here. All the hordes took their fences like birds, the winner being especially re markable for the perfect ean© and beauty of bis style of jumping. He was closely preyed by T. R, both horses fr-qutntJy taking their jumps together, und the best race of ibe meeting terminated with a splendid finish between the pair. Cleaver, by dint of great daah of foot, beating hfo plucky opponent by a length. The rest. of the programme was gone through rather quietly. Tho Squatters' Purse was a gift to Valentine, and the Tutnut horse Sparrow hawk justified the confidence of hia friends by running off with ^ tbe Prince of Wales Stake* in spite of Yeo mans' ^ exertions on tbo epeedy Spanker to pre vent him. For Ibe Forced Handicap, the weights for which, by the way, seemed to vivo' anything but general eatisfacfion, nothing would go down but Valentine. The mult was another instance of the glorious uncertainty of tho turf, for after a smart rare from the start, near* the turn for home, Spanker got bis nose in front, and, in spite of ell that Valentine ana Sparrowhawk could do, hold his advantage to tbe close, and won by half a length. A hack race, well taken by Mr. Mncaliater's Kaffir against a motley field of eight, concluded the meeting, which, though inferior to that of last year both in the number of races and the quality of the hordes engagod, whs nevertheless of ciDPidrrable local inherent, and pasted off with the njo*t ptr/ect success. The following are the particulire of the running:— First Race.— Grand Stand Handicap, of 100 sovereigns; me mile and a half. ^Entrance, 5 sovereigns Winner of the Town Plate to carry 5 lbs. Non-acceptors forfeit nomination only extra. Mr. J. Itiffe's g f Snowdrift, 3 yenrs, 7et4 lbs (Sullivan) 1 H. G. Bowler's b. g Valentine, 4 years, 8 st 3 lbs (Yeomans) ,, ,,2 J, Mitchell's b m Fleut-de-lis, aged, 8 st 3 lbs ? (Coffy) .. .. A ..3 F. J. M'AliFter'e eg Castonea, aged, 7 st 12 lbs ,, 4 S. G. Gorman n6 g g Amateur, 4 years, 7 et 5 lbs. The hordes got away on fair terms, and came past the stand at a great pace, Fieur-de-ljp, closely waited on by Amateur in front, Snowdrift, Valentine, and Castanet all together. This order was preserved half round the course, when Snowdrift and Valentine went to the front, and Castonea made an effort to follow their example, but the weight telling, the chesnut was unable to go the pace, aud fell bock. At tbe turn for home, Snowdrift had the lead, with Valentine on her quarter, and a splendid race home ensued between the pair, Yeomans ulvincr whiD and snur but unable to collar the mare, who won, without a touch, by half a length. Time, 2 minutes 46 seconds. Second Race.— Handicap hurdle race, of 50 sovereigns, ten Lapp, about feur feet high ; twice round the courso aud a distance. Mr. W. Sullivan's b g Cleaver, aged, 11 st (Sullivan) 1 P. J.' M'Alister's bg TR, aged, 9 et (Bonner) .. 2 E. Emstey's blkm Dora, aged, lOst 12 lb (D. Rous) 3 W. N, Waller's b g Gay Lad, aged, 10 st4lb. Some difficulty was experienced in getting the horses off, owing to the fraetiouencts of Cleaver, whe seemed inclined to go in every direction but the right one. At last they were safely dispatched, 6nd all took the firetlcap in splendid style, Cleaver and T. R. leading. Dura third, and Gaylad, evidently outpaced, last. This order was preserved through the race, all the horses taking their leaps well until the second time round, when Gaylad fell, and although his rider was soon in ihe saddle again, extinguished whatever chance he might have had of getting a place. Cleaver and T. R., both of whom jumped beautifully, took their last leap together, and came into the straight neck and neck. A most excitiDg run home ensued, but the veteran fencer had too much foot for his opponent, and won the best race of the meeting by a length. Time, 6 minutes 36 seconds. Third Race. — Squatters' Purse, of 60 sovereigns ; weight for ege ; two miles ; the winner to be Bold by auction im mediately after the race at. tho upset price of 100 sovereigns; any surplus to go to the funds. Mr. H. G. Bowler's b g Valentine, 4 vears, 8 st. 9 lb. (Yeomans) .. .. ' », 1 P. J. M'Alister's b g Albury, aged 9 st. 9 lb. fStone) .. .. ..2 S. G. Gorman's ch g Chancellor, aged, 9 st 9 lb. (M. M'Alister) .. ,, ,, ,, 3 Valentine went off with the lead, was never caught, and won a very slow race with ease.' Fourth Race. — Prince of Wales Selling Stakes, of 50 sovereigns ; one mile and three quarters ; weight for age ; winner to.be sold by auction immediately after the race for 60 sovereigns, but if entered to be sold for 60 sovereigns, allowed 7 lbs; if to be sold for 40 sovereigns allowed 141bB; if for 30 sovereigns, 21 lbs ; if for 20 sovereigns, 28 lbs allowed* Ho further allowance to be made. Any surplus above the price at which the horse is entered to go to the funds. Mr. C. Guy's b g Sparrowhawk, aged, 8 et 9 lbs, £40 (Larkins) .. .. ,4 1 J. Diffe's gg Spanker, aged, 8 et 2 lbs, £30 (Yeo mans) .. .. .. .. ..2 P. J. M'Alister's b g Kaffir, 5 years, 7 st 4 lbs, £'20 (Polock) .. .. .. ..3 S. G. Gorman nB b g Despatch, aged, £20 R. Stewart's b g Easy John, aged, 7 fit 6 lbs, £20. Despatch led past the stand to the far side of the courae, when be fell back beaten, and the Tumut horse went to the front, and atonce took a long lead. Yeomans, on Spanker, sat down to catch him, bat it was no use. Sparrowhawk held his own, and wod, hands down, by a couple of lengths. He was afterwards sold to Mr. P. J. M'Alister, for £70. Fifth Race. — Forced Handicap, of 30 sovereigns, with a sweep of 5 per cent, from all previous winnings added ; for all winners during the meet; optional to the winners of the Trial Stakes. Hack Race, and Hurdle Race, and also to the losers, the latter paying entrance ; one mile and a half. Mr. J. Itiffe's g g Spanker, aged, 7 st 6 lb (Sallivan) I H. G Bowler's b g Valentine, 4 years, 8 st 3 lb (Yeomans) .. .. .. ..2 C. Guy's b g Sparrowhawk, aged, 8st 121b (Stone) ?? .. .. ,, 3 S. G. Gorman's ch g Chancellor, aged, 7 st 4 lb S. G. Gorman's ns g g Amateur, 4 years For the Forced Handicap there were only five starters. The race was supposed to be a moral for valentine, but half way from home Spanker went to the front, and in spite of the efforts ef the bay, won a fast race by a length, valentine second, and Sparrowhawk a good third. Sixth Race. — Hurry Slurry, of 10 sovereigns; once round, the course ; catch weights ; post entrance. Mr. P. J. M'Alister's Kaffir . . . # . . 1 J. Itiffe's Dusk .. . ,, ?? 2 H. Moxham ns Loy Yang A. A. Devlin's Favourite C. Cox's Tomahawk (late Gl&ucus;) A. J. Beveridge's St&ylsce; R. fi. Stewart's Banker C. Rigg&lJ;'s Maid of Morpeth E. Emdey!s Shadow Kaffir jumped off with the lead, was sever headed, and won easily. ( 