NELLY'S NEW YEAR. CFROM THE ARGOSY. 1 It was the last night cf the old year, "and" that was how it came to pass I was alone. Father and I had been keepiog the toll-gates — that at Hopwood lirst, and now this one on the Ludford road — for the last three years or more, while mother and John took care of our little farm about eight miles away. What money father had made he had made at toll-gates ; and when ho had lost it in a very pleasant manner at farm ing he turned to toll-gates again, and again managed to make a tolerably good thing of it ; though times were very different to what they had been in his younger days, what with coaches, and private carriages, and horsemen, and traffic along the high roads and many a traveller in his hurry flinging down tf shilling and not waiting for the change. But still, while mother and John barely made their living and paid the rent by the farm, father and I did something more than that by the gate. Father was gone to watch the New Year in, with mother, and John, and Nelly — Nelly you must know, was our youngest girl, eight years younger than me, and she had been to a good national school, first as a scholar and then as a pupil teacher ; and now she was known as Miss Burgess, the governess of the school at Ludford, which was a little over seven miles away upon our road. For ono reason or auother we had not seen her since harvest ; and the vicar's lady had kept her through Christmas week to help in the school treats, but she hoped to get home on New Year's Eve, and father had asked me a score of times should I be timid at staying in the house alone all night, all of which times I answer ed with a laugh, " What should a .woman seven- and-twenty years old bo timid at?" But I did not laugh to myself some hours after nightfall. Our house, as pretty a toll-gate house as there could be, was full of windows, looking every way, of course, and I knew the light iu them must bo shining along the road on each side, for travellers to see it at a distance. Now and then I got up and looked out on the night, and saw the grey sky, which was not quite so dark as I fancied it, hanging solemnly over tho hills to the north, with here and there a pale star shining amongst the clouds for a minute; but the trees along the road looked black and ghostly, and swang their dark naked arms to and fro in a way that made me shudder, and drop the curtain and go back to the fire, feeling as if a thousand eyes could see me in my little spot of light amid the dark ness. It must have been a little past eleven o'clock when Matthew Heighway — a farmer, with a good dairy farm of twenty mileh cows, living at tlie far end of the village — drove up in his gig. Such a voice he had ; you would not hear its like if ten thousand men spoke to you in tho dark ; so pleasant, and clear, and hearty. It made my heart leap when I heard him say, " Good night !" " Is it you, Mr Heighway ?" said I, us he reined in his brown mare, though he had no toll to pay, for he was returning homewards. " Ah, Hannah," he replied, " but its late for you to come out. Where's father ? " " He's gone home to watch the New Year in," I said. " You're not left all by yourself ? " ho asked. " Yes," I answered. "Nelly is gone homo, you see." He stopped a moment or two, whistling softly to himself. The clouds had gathered, and drops of rain were be ginning to fall, but I could have stood there for an hour. ' " Hannah," ho said, " you might as well lock the gate ; it's getting late on in the night, and it's ten chances to ono that anybody else will be coming along to-night. You are not afraid, are you ? " " What should a grown woman of seven-and-twenty be afraid of ?" I cried, but I did not laugh. The words choked me a little, for perhaps Matthew Heighway thought me younger than that. " There's no thing to be afraid of," he said, cheerily, " but. I should be more comfortable if I knew the gate was locked, and saw you safe into the house be fore I drive on. And, Hannah, if anybody should go by, it might be best not to speuk to him." He waited until I had locked the gate, and gone into the house, after wishing one another a happy new year. Somehow my spirits had risen up to the mark again, and I did not feel the lonesome and forlorn creature I had done before Matthew Heighway passed by. I snuffed the long wick of the candle, and stirred up the fire, and put the copper kettle, which shone like gold, upon the top bar, and listened to its singing, ami to the purring of the old cat, till my heart grew quite lightsome. Then I fell to fancying thein all round the firo at home ; father in his threo -corner ed arm chair, and Nelly on the cricket at his feet, and mother in the chimney nook, and John by the round table, reading maybe, or all talking together, and looking up to the clock to see how the hour hand was creeping on to twelve, just as I was doing all by myself. To my amazement, it was 011 the stroke of giving warning for twelve, .and in three more minutes the old year would be gone. It was so still that the warning stroke of the clock rung loudly through the house, and he- fore the sound was quite gone, I heard the heat of a horse's hoofs, and the rolling of wheels upon tho Ludford road, coming on fast and steadily, but with a peculiar tread, as if the horse limped on one foot. I jumped up from my knees, and took the key down from the nail behiud the door ; but before I could get outside tho conveyance had drawn up, and a man's impatient voice was ' shouting " Gate, gate ! " It was darker than when Matthew Heighway passed by, and I could make nothing of tho traveller in the gloom, excepting that he was well cloaked up from tho raiu, and that both he and his borso were chafing to get through. But I was not used to locking and unlocking the gato in the night, and it took me some little time to get the key into the wards, and, just as I turned it, what should tho church clock in the village do but chime out the hour cf twelve ? I stood still for a moment listening, and the stranger lifted his hat from his head, and I could see a white fore head with dark hair all clustering round it. " Happy New Year to you, sir," I said. Just then, somewhere close at bund, I fancied I heard the shrill but feeble wail of a little child ; a baby. The clock bad finished striking, and the bells were ringing merrily, but I felt sure there was a sound like the voice of a little child. The stranger had put on his hat agaiu, and drawn it low down over bi3 face, and ho was pulling tho horse's mouth with the bit, but I was too wonder- struck with the cry I bad heard to throw the gate open. "What was that?" I said. "Curse you !" be cried ; " can't you let me get on ?" I flung the gate wide open at that. It was not a pleasant thing to hear a curse first of all in the New Year, while the church bells were ringing ; and he was a surly ill-natured fellow who could say it, whoever he might be. I hearkened to him driving away furiously, and then I listened again if I could hear the feeble cry which had angered him. I could not go to sleep all night. After three o'clock several waggons aud carriages went through the toll-gate scot free, as I said, and I could not help r?ck<ujing up the money I was throwing away, and yet, for the lifo of me, I dared not go outside to lock the gato. Still I had not been frightened, you understand. Rather I had boen disheartened, and thrown back upon myself, by the snarling answer I got to my good wishes for tho stranger. But there I lay, wide awake, wondering if father would find out how foolish I was ; which he was bound to do, unless all the conveyances went through ag: 'a on their way back before ho returned. It was well on in the morning, and father had not come in, when a messenger brought mo word that Nelly had never gono home at all, but, instead of that, was ill in bed, and I must go to her at once. " Curse you !" the strauger had said, instead of wishing me a happy New Year ; and hero it was beginuing already. I felt troubled and perplexed ; but tbere was no time to lose. I sent a lad down to the village for a cousin of ours to come and mind tho gate, and then I started on the road to Ludford, pretty sure cf a lift from the first conveyance that passed me, so well were we known all through the country. Before long I was overtaken by our own doctor, Dr. Romaine, on his way home to Ludford, and he would run in and see Nelly at once. It wa3 a lucky chance, and my spirits rose again, for if anybody could see Nelly to rights quickly, it wns our own doctor, who had known her all her life, and who had been the means of placing her in her present situation. He would have me ride with him, and I tolJ him all about the surly stranger, and how I had left the gate open, and lost five shillings and fourpenco halfpenny, and I was afraid father could not help but hear of it; and we both laughed heartily at my foolishness. Nelly's house was a pretty little cottage, built against the school where she taught, and I ran up the garden walk, and in at the door, leisurely followed by the doctor. Ann Lane, a young girl, who was one of Nelly's pupil teachers, and who lived in the school-house with her, was sitting idly by the kitchen fire ; so I turned straight round to the door of Nelly's bedroom, which wns opposite the kitchen, tho three rooms of the little cottage being on the ground floor. "Nelly, darling," I said, stooping over her, and kissing her white cheek, " I've brought Dr Romaine with me." " Oh ! no, no 1" she cried, trying to lift herself up, " not Dr. Romaine. I don't want any doctor. There's nothing tho matter with me." " What does Nelly say ?" asked Dr. Romaine, and I turned and saw him standing in the doorway, smiling ; but the smile passed nway all in an instant, and tho gravest look I had ever seen was upon his face. " Hannah," he said, " My good girl, you go to the kitchen fire till I come to you." I suppose' it was near upon a quarter of an hour before the doctor came to me, aud his kind face looked so troubled and distressed that my heart leapt into my mouth, and I stood up by my chair, but could not speak a word to him, for the thought struck me like lightening that our pretty, clever little Nelly mu3t be going to die. Dut Dr. Romaine told tho girl, Ann Lnne, to go away into the great schoel-room, and when she was out of sight and hearing, he came and bent down his mouth close to my ear, and whispered into it a few dreadful words. " It isn't true," I cried ; but I too spoke in a whisper, a hoarse whisper, for my throat was choked up with dryness; "it is not true, Dr. Romaine." " But it is truo," said he, very patiently. " Poor child ! poor little Nelly 1 You must not he too hard upon her, Hannah." "I couldn't be too hard," I said, flaring out, though I wished the earth would open and swallow me up — "I couldu't be too hard upon her, if it was true." " Hannah," said Dr. Romaine, with his kind grave eyes searching into mine, " you are a good girl, but hard ; and if you are hard upon Nelly just now, it will kill her. Listen to me, my dear. I have only one child, a son, who i3 almost everything a man ought not to be — a bonny, winsome scoundrel — but a scoundrel, mark you. I was hard upon Itirn for a loug time, but it did not answer. So I changed my treatment of the case. Every time I found him out in somo now villany I thought how would He, who came to call sinners to repentance, have dealt with him ? What's the good of you and mo calling ourselves Christians if we never ask ourselves what He would have done in our place ?" I could not help asking myself that question, and the tears came into my eyes as they fell upon Nelly's old little Testament lying in the window-sill. I looked into Dr. Romaine's face, with its deep line3, and I believed he was doing what ho said. Well, if one Cl'ristinn could act that out, another could. " Doctor," I said, " you'll not find mo too bard upon Nelly." So I went back to her room, and looked at her white face, and the large frightened eyes turned towards me. She gazed up steadily into my face, as if she was tryiug to remember something, and then she suid, quite sharply and plainly, " I'm married, Ilannnh, I am indeed married ;" after which sho went off, all in a moment, with a dreadful fit of laughing aud crying, and when that passed away she was delirious. It was quite needful for me to go back to the toll-gate, lest father should not he there ; so us soon us a nurse was come, I left Nelly with a very heavy heart, and set off home. There was father, when we reached home, just.as usuul, in his blue coat and ribbed stockings, and his grey breeches untied at tho knee, for it was evening, and he was resting himself in his own 'chair, smoking away peacefully enough, at least as peacefully as a man at a toll-gate can smoke. I made as light of Nelly's illness as I could, only I said I must go back the first thing in the morning. When he wished me a happy New Year 1 thought ray heart would break. The next month was more dreary than I can tell. Nobody believed that Nelly had spoken true, save mothor and me. Dr. Romaine shook his head, and pointed out to me very gently that everything told agninst poor Nelly. There was not even a wedding ring to be found anywhere amongst her clothes. And there was Nelly all the time, light-headed and raving, sitting up in her bed ; and from morning till night, and from night till morning aga:n, fancying herself nursing a baby in her poor weak arms, which were no stronger than a straw, and lulling it to sleep on her bosom, while sho crooned over it in a faint complaining tone, that often brought tho tears into Dr. Romaine's eyes as well as mine. But what had become of tho child ? asked Dr. Romaine, with such plain anxiety in his manner that I grew alarmed. There was nobody to tell us anything except Nelly herself, for we found out that Ann Lane, the pupil teacher, bad been away visiting her people from Christmas-eve till the morning of New Y'ear's Day, aud when she came hack she found Nelly alone and ill, so she had sent a messenger for mo. We could not prevent our terrible secret from crecpiug out, and the townspeople were beginning to gossip, and the superintendent of police asked Dr. Romaine about it, and all the while there was Nelly propped. up with pillows in her own little bed, aud singing nursery songs to a dream- baby. I had plenty of time to ponder over the shame and disgrace that had fallen upon us, tho Burgesses, who were known for miles along the turnpike-road ; and I thought how at one toll-gate after another tho tattle and gossip would be dropped, until everybody, all the country round, would hear of the misfortunes of Nelly Burgess. Matthew H-ighway would never take me up in his gig again, or stop his brown mare at our gate to chat a little while. But I was a woman of seven and twenty, and if I had got so far on in lifo without a husband, it would be no hard matter to weather through the rest. My terrible anxiety was to discover something about Nelly's child, for if it could not be found, what would be said about her, and what would be done to her ? The policeman on his beat past the school-house always looked sharply at our windows with an evil eye, as if he was eager to pounce down upon his prey ; and every time I saw him I turned eagerly to tho poor light-headed girl, who fancied she was tossing a baby in her arras, and I longed for seme sensible moment when she could give us an answer to our questions. " Doctor," I said, towards the end of the month, " Nelly is getting stronger ; sho wijl not die. When will her reason come back, so that she can talk sensibly to us ?" | The Doctor looked me full in the face. " Hannah," he said, " the world would be bard upon Nelly, and there's no knowing where her troubles would end. But God is going to take her out of the world for a while. It is best so. It will be months, perhaps years, to come before Nelly will recover her reason. Hannah, Nelly is mad." Oh 1 the poor, clever, pretty, durling Nelly, our youngest, that I had nursed in my arms and been so proud of ; and now it has come to this ! She must hide her shame and trouble in a madhouse. Dr. Romaine said an awful thing in trying to comfort me. It was better to go there than into a gaol ! But everything he could do (and in Ludford Dr. Romaine wns more like a king than anything else) he did for us ; and when Nelly was taken away, still playing with her dream-baby, to the asylum, I turned my back upon the hateful town and went home once more to tho toll-gate. It was a dull, foggy night when I reached the gate, just like New Yeur's Eve, and it was little wonder that my mind went back at once to the time I stood there listening for the cry of a little child. I began to fancy that it had been a fore warning of our comiug misfortunes, as well as the surly stranger's curse. The curse had fallen upon us heavily. There through the window I could see father sitting by the fire, but his head was sunk upon his breast, and his grizzled hair had turned as white as snow. The pipe lay un filled upon the table at his elbow ; and the news paper had dropped from his hand upon the floor ; and he looked us if he cared for neither pipe nor paper. All the houseplaco was wretched and uutidy, and tho grate was choked up with ashes. Nelly's trouble was plain to see upon everything. I was just going to hearten up father, and set the houseplace in order, when a tax-cart coming up the road brought him to the door, looking so weak and shaky that he seemed scarcely able to do his work. We had only just time to shake hands before the traveller came up— an old acquaintance, living in an out-of-the-way village sixteen miles off, upon a cross-road. IIo had a ticket from our old toll-gate at Hopwood, where he had turned into the highway, freeing him of our gate. But he drow up, and spoke cheerfully to father. " Good night, Burgess," said he ; " how are your girls getting on ? Either of them married, eh ?" " No," said father, with a sigh like a groan. " I've been ready to die with laughing," said he. with a chuckle, " all tho way from Hopwood gate. You've heard of the Now Year's present the old dame had left at the door? She and her master are getting into a brangle about it ; he wanting to send it to the poor- house, and she wanting to keep it. It will have to go in the long run, I reckon." " It," I said, coming forward, for all of a sudden I bethought me that the child's cry I had heard was neither a fancy nor a forewarning — " it ? What is- it ?" " Why, haven't you heard ?" said he. " A new born child was left at Hopwood gate, on New Year's morning early, with a five pound note in the basket. The old lady is loth to send it to the poor-house, rockoning upon more notes. Well, well ! I've had a good laugh over it." He chuckled again, and we could hear him still laughing as he drove on. My spirits went up with a bound, for surely this child could be no other than Nelly's lost baby, and in spite of the shame, my heart yearned toward tho innocent creature. I tidied the houseplace quickly and raked out the fire, and set the kettlo on the top bar, and before an hour had passed, father had his pipe lit, and bis spectacles on, and his paper in hand ; hut I saw that his hands shook, and there was a trembling in his poor white head that had never been there before. But I could see it was a comfort to him to have me at home again. He did not speuk a word about Nolly, nor did I ; and it was quite clear the news of the last traveller had made no impression upon his mind. But while I was thinking whether I should talk it over with him, and tell him what I guessed, the door opened, and who should come in but Matthew Heighway, afoot 1 " Welcome home, Hannah," said he, in his pleasant voice, only a tone or two lower and softer than usual ; aud I stood up, uol stirring a step to meet him, or holding out my hand to take his. Of all the things that I had dreaded, the worst was this first meeting with Mutthew. I had not known all the bitterness of shame until then, and I felt my face burning, and my tongue seemed to cleave to the roof of ray aiouth. I was exceedingly filled with con tempt, like the Psaimist. " Hannah," said he, taking a seat between father and me, and laying one bund upon mine and the other upon father's knee, " I'm come here this evening to ask you to bo my wife." " Oh, no, no 1" I said, almost in a passion of surprise, " I never can be your wife now, Matthew. I will never bring my shame into your house. You don't know all. Perhaps the worst has not come yet. If Nelly should ever get woll " " I know every thing," he said, stopping me. "Dr. Romaino has told me all. about it, Hannah. But if the worst should come, wouldn't it be easier to hear if I shared it with you?" Easier to bear! Why: for a minute or two it seemed as if their couldn't by any cross or burden to carry all, if Matthew was- to share it with me. But I could not let him stoop so low as we had fallen. " You've taken the heaviest part of the load off me," snid I. " I was most afraid of seeing you again, Matthew. But it would be a sinful shame to let you wed me now." "Dr. Romaine does not tbiuk so," he answered 1 and to everything I said he brought forward Dr. Romaine, who was like a king among us ; and I soon found out that those two had settled it all between themselves, and it was us well to give in soon as late. How my poor father brightened up. though he was still sorrowful and shaky ! One thing, however, I did insist upon — that Matthew should wait until Nelly was better, unless — and the tears rolled down my cheeks and dropped upon my hands — she should be out of her right mind next New Year's Day. The next morning Matthew drove me in his gig down to Hopwood gate to see the child which had been left there on New Year's morning, or rather in the dead of the night, as Mrs Evans told mo. Of course there could not bo any real likeness to anybody at that age ; but I knelt down beside the old wooden cradle and peered into the little face as if I expected to find out all about its short history. Was this indeed Nelly's child? and who was the father of it? and why was it brought here? and what had the surly stranger who had cursed me to do with it ? For now I felt certain that it was none other than he who had left the baby at Hopwood gate. I asked to see the clothes it bad on, but there was nothing in them to answer any of my questions. They were just plain unmarked clothes, not very well stitched ; certainly not Nelly's stiching, for I could have sworn anywhere to that as well as to her handwriting. And besides the clothes tbere was nothing but a pieco of an old horse rug which had been laid within the basket. It was a faded green and black rug ; and upon it in red braid were the letters N.B. " N.B.," said I to Matthew, " I often see N.B. in tho newspapers. What does it mean ? " " Take good notice," said he, smiling. " You may depend upon me for that," said I. It was easy work to persuade Mrs Evans to give up the poor lost forsaken child to my care ; 'with two pound ten out of a five pound note that had been left with it in the basket. I could not tell for cortain that it was Nelly's baby, hut my heart was softened towards all desolate children, and I thought maybe this was my way for doing what Dr. Romaine was doing. Tho first time Dr. Romaine passed by he left his enrriago and came into the house to see the child ; but of course he could toll no more than I could, for it was nothing more nor less than a little red round baby face, like most other baby faces. But for another morsel of heart-comfort to me in my humiliation Dr. Romaine said I must get the child christened, and that he and Matthew would stand godfathers, and I should he godmother to it. No one in the world knew better than our doctor how to raise up those that had fallen. So the first Sunday I was seen at our parish church after our trouble was when wo all went together in Dr. Romaiue's carriage to have the baby named after iiim, Victor Romaine. After that there was no need for anybody to remind me to take good notice of every person who drove along our road. Not a gig or tax- cart passed by, hut what I looked sharp enough at the name upon it. It seemed to me as if those two letters N.B. began to haunt me ; they were here, and there, and everywhere. There was scarcely a posting hill left to be put into our windows, but what at the end of it there would be N.B. If I went up to Ludford, which I did as seldom as possible, N.B. would sure to stare me in the face. Of course I saw that N.B. stood for Nelly Burgess ; hut that corner of a rug could never have boen Nelly's ; it must belong to the stranger who had gono through our gate at twelve o'clock on New Year's Eve, yet in some way it helped me to believe that tho child could he no other than Nelly's child. But when Nelly began to get slowly better, and I was permitted to visit her now and then iu the asylum, being cautioned not to speak of anything that would excite her, my own un easiness grew more and more. I scarcely knew whether to wish her to come back to tho trouble and grief which lay waiting for her beyond the asjlum walls. Dr. Romaine also hung back from putting her to the trial which she must endure as soon as her right mind was restored. But, put it off as we might, it came at last. Dr. Romaine and I, and a gentleman, oue of tho magistrates of Ludford, who went only as the doctor's friend, saw Nelly a day or two before she was to leave the asylum. She looked almost us strong as ever she had done, except that the sweet rosy colour of her cheeks was quite gone, gone for ever, and a settled mournful dimness had come into her bright eyes. She had not seen Dr. Romaine before, for she had always been excited by the vory mention of his name, which was a strange thing, seeing how fond he had been of her ; and now as he came into the parlour of the madhouse, where she was sitting on a sofa , by my side, she flung her arms about me, and hid her face on my shoulder, as if she was frightened to death at him. " You are not afraid of me, Nolly ?" said he, bringing a chair and placing himself opposite us. He made her lift up her face, aud fixed his searching eyes full upon hers, as if he could read her secret heart through them, until her ejelids fluttered, though she could not close them altogether. " Nolly," he said, abruptly, and so sharply that I was startled, " who is the father of your child ?" Then Nelly's thin fingers loosed mine, and she passed them slowly, very slowly, over tho fingers of her left hand, with just the ghost of a smile upon her faded lips, and she looked steadily buck into Dr. Romaine's eyes with a look that made my very heart ache. " I shall never tell," she said ; and you knew iu an instant that her lips were sealed over the secret, and, however long you might gaze into her dim eyes, you would nevffr see it in tbem. " What has become of your child ?" he asked, as abruptly as before. But at that question Nelly broke into a long low long wailing, and wrung her poor bauds together, and rocked herself to and fro, with no power of speech, and with sucli terrible anguish in her sorrow that Dr. Romaine and the magistrate turned away and went to a window at the far end of the room, leaving her alone with me. " Nelly, my darling," said I, taking her into my arms, "Nelly, you would not let any harm come to your little baby ?" " No, no !" she cried, cling ing to me. " He said he would let me know where he had taken it to ; to some safe place, he said. The nurse thought I should got over it, and nobody need know, so he was obliged to take the baby away. And then Ann Lane came back while the nurse was away, and you came, and I was vory ill, and I know nothing else." " But who was the nurse ?" I asked. " I don't know. He brought her," said Nelly, " and she let me keep the baby all the last day of the Old Year. I had it all to myself, and I thought I could never, never let it go ; hut my husband said I must, or we should he sure to be found out." " Tell me who "he is, Nelly," I whispered. Then her lips became dumb again, only she kept wailing and mourning after her lost child. She was very much excited, as we all expected her to be, and we dared not then urge her with any more questions. I am sure Nelly was not quite right in her mind when she came home, but as soon as she saw the baby, and heard all I bad to tell her about it, her senses seemed to return quite soberly and clearly. Tho way she took to the baby, and the uncertainty which possessed her as to whether it wns her own or no 1 She knew no more about N.B. than I did, and it was plain she was greatly puzzled about the letters, which made me rather lose heart iu my search. She took to sitting almost all day long at one little square of glass which looked along tbe Ludford road, where she could see every traveller that came by without being seen herself ; and the baby would be on her knee, or her foot on the rocker of his cradle. I knew well who she was looking for. When night came on, and sho could watch the road no longer, she would fasten her eyes upon the baby's face, as ' if she was trying to satisfy herself that it was her lost child, hut always there would creep over her own face a look of troubled uncertainty. There wns ono thing noticeable in Nelly, that whenever Dr. Romnine's carriage came in sight along tho Ludford she fled like a scared child, and fastened herself into our bed-chamber until she was sure he was gone by, when sho would come out, trembling and shivering, and take up her old post by tho square of glass, listening painfully for tho sound of his return. He hade me keep a vory keen eye upon any letters which might come to her, or which she might write ; for it was necessary to save her, if possible, in spite of herself, from the con sequences of her sin, and this we could only do by the discovery of what had become of the child. But no letter came for Nelly, and though she wrote many, she always tore them up and threw tho pieces into the fire, whereat the baby in her arms would laugh and crow with delight. It was about nine o'clock ono night towards the end of September, and I had just finished telling Nelly the story of the New Year's Eve, when I heard, a very long way off upon the Ludford road, just the same sound of a limping horse, lame on one foot, as I heard it when I was kneeling upon my knees watching tho old year out. My heart seemed to stand still, nnd my flesh to creep, but I had strength to master myself. Nelly was not giving much heed to any sound out of doors, and I wondered that she could sit there so quiet and unconscious when her secret was coming out. For it was coming --ut — I felt sure of that. I would not let this man slip through my fingers. I got up heforo the sound came quite near, and took the key out with me, though the gate wns not locked at that time of the night, and I closed the door quietly behind me. By that time the gig, with two genllomon in it, was stopping before the gate, and wailing for me to open it ; but I could see little of either of them, for they were both well cloaked up, though the air was soft and mild. " Please, sir, what is your name ?" T asked, trembling all over, but not with fear. " What's that to you ?" said ho that wns driving, in the surly tone I re collected so well. " I've a message," said I, " to a person who will give mo a particular mme." " You've no message for me," he said. What was I to do? Matthew Heighway was away that evening, or nlmo3t every other night of the week he would have been within call of my voice. Here was I, a lone woman ; and I could not stop him by force, and I was very little likely to get anything out of him by persuasion. The other gentleman neither spoke nor stirred ; hut N.B., if it was N.B.. was lashing the shafts with his whip, as if impatient to get on. I pretended to fumble at tho lock, and then I ran into the house for a lantern. As I came out again he spoke in his surly way. " Curse you." said he, angrily ; " is this gate always locked ?" It was not locked theu, but I made tho pretence of it, you see, to go round at the back of tho gig with my lantern. I saw in an instant that the name wa3 there, paiuted in blnck letters on a dark- green ground, but I could read it distinctly enough, "Nicholas Brown, Publican, Ludford." Nicholas Brown ! — N. B. ! I planted myself at the horse's head aud laid my hand upon the reins ; and as I did so I saw Nelly sitting quietly by the firo, with her chin resting upon her thin hand, and her dim eyes staring into the red flames, hut not a sigh or a shiver to tell that she felt how near to her he was, who had made our whole year a year of shame and sorrow. " You nro Nicholas Brown," I snid. " You are a fool or a madwoman," he replied; "open the gato, will you ?" " No," I answered, " not till you toll me whose child it was you took through this gate last New Year's Eve at midnight." But as I spoke he sprang out of the gig and tried to wrest the key out of my hand, whilo I heard a strange sound, half cry and half groan, burst from tho lips of tho gentle man who was with him. But before ' he suc ceeded in getting the key from me, and while my fingers were crushed in his strong gripe, I cried out in my dread lest he should escape me, " Nelly ! Nelly ! " In an instant tho surly stranger loosened his hold of me and stood as still as a stone, staring towards the door, which had boen opened by Nelly as soon as sho heard my cry. It was all dark and gloomy without, but there she stood in a blaze of light, with tho ruddy gleam of the fire playing upon her white cheeks, and her fair hair, and her oyes lit up with the sudden excitement of my call of hurry and terror. The other gentleman had got down out of the gig, and had corao up behind us ; hut not a word was spoken by any one of us, and you might hove heard the rustling of the falling lpaves, as tho light breath of the evening swept from the trees. " Nelly 1 Nelly 1 " said the stranger, but in a voice so chuuged that startled me ; and it seemed as if I had heard it, or ono like it, hundreds of time? before. " Don't come any nearer to me," she cried, with a gesture of her pretty hands as if she would drive him away ; " you have been fulso and cruel to me, and I wish never to see you again. Only release me from my vow. Let mo tell what I have sworn to God to keep secret." " Alfred ! " said the gentleman behiud rap, and I started as if a thunderbolt had fallen at my feet, for it was Dr. Romaine's voice ; and I turned round and saw Dr. Romaine's face, but white and haggard as with long suffering. He put his hand through his son's arm, and led him into the house ; and then he sank down into father's arm- ciiair, and his grey head dropped upon his breast, and I saw his lips move, but whether with whispered words or with trembling 1 could not tell. My heart ached sorely for him as well as for Nelly, but I grew impatient at the silence. " Come here, Hannah," suid the doctor, without looking up, but stretching out his hand towards me ; and I went to his side, and laid my rough hand iu his, which ho grasped tightly, as if it was a support and comfort to him. I could see Alfred Romaine now, a tall, handsome, evil-looking man, to my thinking ; but I had never set eyes upon hira be fore, for most of tho time father and I had been at this toll-gate he had been out of the country. Nelly had put the table between herself and him, and her face was as white as death. " Do you know," she said, speaking with a look of terror, " that I have been confined in a madhouse ? And all because of you and your cruelty ; and you could let me stay there, and never speak a word to set me free, or to clear my name." " Why, it was useless then," he answered ; " tho mischief was done." " Aud now," she said, " I stand iu daily fear lest I should be called to give an ac count of my child. What have you dono with him ? Where did you carry him off to ? Tell me quickly. If you have any mercy, tell me what you did with my baby." " I took it down to Hopwood gate, as I supposed, to your sister," he answorecl. " I thought that would satisfy even you." I understood it all in a moment. Ho did not know that we bad left Hopwood six months before ; nnd it waB to me he was bringing tho child, thinking that no one would" know of its birth, nnd that Nelly would see it often, and know it was well tended. But Nelly's eyes were fastened upon him with an eager beseech ing in their gaze, nnd ho glanced away from her to his father's bowed-down head. " Well, well," he- said, " it is no grent honour to belong to me, Nelly., I'm fleeing almost for my life, nnd this unpleasant little interruption may pre vent mo getting away in safety, though Dr. Romaine himself is aiding me to escape. It is little honour to be tho wife of a felon ; but it is something (to he Dr. Romaine's daughter." Dr. Romaine's daughter 1 The houso swam round before my eyes ; the little homely house, with its shelves of pewter, and tho Qre-iroj.s glisten ing in tho chimney-corner, and tho old cradle, where the baby lay fast asleep. I could scarcely believe my own ears, for Nolly was only tho child of a poor toll gate keeper, though we thought her so clever, and like a lady horn. But to bo Dr. Rmnnine's daughter ! "Yes," he continued, with a half laugh, " Dr. Romaine has often urged me to give him a daughter, and now ho will have one just as he loses his son. But, Nelly, I did not know you were come nut of tho asylum ; and what was the go-nl of claiming you as iny wife while you was there,? Poor Nelly! So you never told, and never would have told, I believe you, till I freed you from your prnniiso. You will find your child, Dr. Romaine's grand son, at Hopwood gate. Good-bye, my poor Nelly; there's no timo for farewells. My father loses a son, but ho finds a daughter." Tiioro might have been a glimmer of remorse and tenderness iu his heart, but ho tried to hide it under a sneer against Dr. Romaine. Our doctor looked up then, with a furrowed forehead and bloodshot eye3 ; and, without glancing at Nelly or his son, he took hold of my arm and leaned heavily upon it to the door. There was no timo to be lost, as Alfred Romaine said, and in a few minutos more (-hnt he and Nolly suid to one another in their brief farewell I never knew) I opened tho gate for them to pass through and curtseyed to them both, Nelly's husband and Nelly's father. We sat up all night, Nelly nnd I ; but when the superintendent of police, whom I had known well by sight since the beginning of tho year, drove past furiously, I did not tell who was upon tho track of her husband. Neither did I kneel down, as on New Year's Eve; hut as I sat still I nover ceased praying that he might. escape for Nelly's sake, and I longed for the day to dawn, or for the- sound of the limping hoof-beats along the road. They came both together, for in tho very first grey of the morning I heard it return ing up the road, and ran out eagerly to await its coming. Only Dr Romaine was in the gig, and he told me that his son had got safely away by a quick train. He bade me put on my bonnet . nnd cloak, and ride into Ludford with hiui, hut he said not a word about Nelly, and I felt uneasy at his silence as wo drovo on into tho town, which was not yet astir. Dr. Romaine's houso was situated within the town, hut it lay a good way hack from the street, with a fine lawn be-, fore it, and a carriage drive under a row of ' elm trees up to tho portico before the door. A grand house it was, and I never set foot in it without feeling ten times more shy of our doctor than when he was in our quarried kitchen at home. Dr. Romaine ordered breakfast to be set beforo me, which I could not taste, and then ho rang for his carriage, nnd told his servant to fl ri 70 to St. Margaret's Church. It was nil true. There was the register of Nelly's marriage, nnd the tears came into the doctor's eyes when ho saw his son's signature to it. I wondered what ho was going to do next, for he ordered the enrriago to be driven round to the oflieo of tho Ludford News, the paper which father always read, while he smoked his pipe in an evening. Wo went into a room, nnd a gentleman handed a pen and a sheet of pnper to Dr. Romaine, who wroto something upon it with a very slinky hand. I am not quick at reading writing, and I felt very nervous; but the doctor was as patient as could he, while I made out the fol lowing words; and 'ho had put the letters N.B. before them On February 27th, 1801, at St. Margaret's, Ludford, Alfred, only son - of Victor Romaine, M.D., of that town, to Ellen, second daughter of Mr John Burgess, of Ludford Road toll-gate." This was to ho placed among the marriages, and among the births was to .bo printed, ' On December 31, 18G1, tho wife of Mr Alfred Romaine, of a son." Father read them both the next evening over his pipe. I don t know to this day whether it was not a relief to Nelly to know that she would never see her wicked husband again ; for though ho got safely away, the news of his death reached us not very long afterwards. Nelly went home to Dr. Romaine's grand house, and then it proved truo that she was a lady born, though she was never tho same light-hearted rosy Nelly she had once been. It was a picturo to see her sweep ing in her long silk dresses through tho beautiful rooms with little Victor in her arms. But I was never quite at home amidst grandeur , and I liked best for Dr. Romaine to come to our farm, Matthew's and raino, and follow me into my dairy, or across the fold to tho cow-sheds, wiih his old gracious smile upon his face, as Victor trotted nlong at his side. Nelly professes to ho jealous of me as Dr. Romaine's favourite ; hut how can that be when alio can play to him on the piano he lias bought for her, and hold con verse with him about his difficult books ? while, if I talk to him at all, it must seem only like tho ignorant stammering of a child who can only look up to him from a distance. Only one thing we have in common : that we both know the secret question which we are each whispering to our own hearts, and mny bo that is the reason 1 am a favourite with Dr. Romaine. 