VALENTINE'S DAY IN LONDON, FROM A SUBURBAN POSTMAN'S POINT OF VIEW. REPORTED BY PETER 'POSSUM. " YOU saw us from your window, did you sir, a-Mon- day ? Yes, we were at the office before 5 in the morning, and, perhaps you might have seen a little beer going before breakfast, though we did try to keep the cans quiet. Engines want lush to keep 'em going, and why shouldn't deliverers on such a day as that was ? The bother began, though — blow valentines and all such bosh, I say — patterns and book-post is bad enough without them — the last two deliveries a-Saturday. The ardent admirers, you see, couldn't put off till the Monday. I've heard that some of our people had to deliver a-Sunday, juat because it was Valentine's Day — it's a pity he hain't got a collect — but I don't believe that. Anyhow, we hadn't. But there, you see, sir, we had to turn out, some of us, at 4 a-Monday, to get to our hole of a make-shift place, without a mite of fire. It's stifling hot in summer, but it's precious cold in winter, not that this winter's much to complain of — we've had no winter, to speak on. Still a-Monday my fingers got numb when I was sorting before breakfast. Government didn't ought to have such offices as ours, when they talk as if they'd pay off the National Debt soon with penny postage. The inspector blows us up if we don't carry our leather bags, and when he's been up, we carry them for a day or two, and then we drop them — they're a bother. But I carried mine a-Monday, and I'd my pockets full and a bagful on the back of that. What asses folks must be to buy such trash, and pay postage for it ! Hows'ever, I suppose it's good for trade. Anyhow, it ain't good for postmen. I was up at half-past 4, to get to the office time to sort, and I wasn't in bed till Tuesday. We got back to report about the time we ought to have fnished our next round. If we hadn't got a drop o' beer and a bit o' grub in the office, we should have been dead-beat, for we couldn't have got it anywheres else. They offered me beer when I left at publics, but then, you see, sir, you can't tell what spies there may be about, and if a postman's reported to have been drinking on his round, he gets the sack. Yes, sir, I've read Mr. Trollope's novels — leastways, some of them. What a sight of books that man do write ! Letter- carriers would soon be pulled up if they found half a quarter as much time between their rounds to toe and heel shoes. He ain't a bad sort of feller, though, I've heard. I suppose he's some kind of a swell — anyhow, he's very fond of making out that he knows how Dukes eats their dinners. Perhaps, if ha did hob and nob with the aristocracy, he wouldn't be so fond of talking about them. Though why literary gents should want to make out, that lords don't treat em like door-mats, I can't make out. A literary gent, if he is a literary gent, is a precious sight better than most of our lords, I reckon. Why, the lords have to make-believe to be literary themselves — lecturing, and book-writing, and such-like. It ain't fair, I think. Let every man stick to his trade ; and a lord's nowadays, I fancy, is to do nothing. I'm a Radical, I am. But we were talking about Mr. Trollope's books. We feel proud of him, because he is one of us like. Oh, yes, I know he makes his country postmen get glasses of beer when they're delivering, but then, you see, they are country. That kind of thing wouldn't do in London. I did take a wet a-Monday, though. I should ha' dropped, if I hadn't. All the rounds were bad, but the first was the worst. When the mailcart came in the morning with the second bag (we take it in turns to bring up t'other), we hadn't got through what we had in hand, and I expect the driver had been, hollerin' a long while, for his face was as red as his cart, and he was, in a precious rage, when I went out to him. Those mail-cart drivers are uncommon bumptious chaps, just because they can steer a horse, as if any fool couldn't do that. The carts rumbles official-like — do you see ? I can pick 'em out if they're ever so far behind, though the Parcels Delivery and the piano vans are very much like 'em. Thankee,sir, I will take a wet. I'm not on duty now, and if I was I don't suppose you'd peach. Yes, we do see funny things, and near funny things, on Valentine's Day, but we're in too much of a drive mostly to pay much attention to them. There's the old lady at number nine in the Willers now — the one that keeps the five cats, and tips all the organmen. Well, sir, I took her a valentine a Monday. She answered the door herself, and when she see what it was — there was all kinds of cupids and things on the envelope — she bursting out laughing, and give me half-a-bull. "Never had one before in my life, postman," says she ; and then the queer old thing began to sing " I'm ninety-five, I'm ninety-five, But to keep single I'll contrive ; Six brats I am to have I know — The fortune-teller told me so ; " But I'll be free, I'll be free, — Lovo shall never conquer me !" I expect she's got a tile loose, but she's uncommon kind to the beggars and suchlike, and she gives us the best Christinas boxes we get anywheres. And then there's the young ladies' school next door. I must have left nigh upon four dozen there. Every- body seemed to have one, — servant . girls and all, except the old missis. Whilst I was giving of them in, she went across the hall, and the young ladies were peeping out of the schoolroom door, and calling out, "Now, Fanny, make haste and bring me mine !" Didn't they scamper when they see the cross old missis ? Just like a lot o' rabbits. And she says to Fanny, "Don't waste your time talking to the postman. You aint paid for that, nor we neither." Some folks, you see, sir, are every bit as bad as the slave-drivers. They can't' bear to see their inferiors, as they call 'em, stop work for half a second. Though I can't see why that stuck-up old school-missis should give herself airs. I've heard that she don't know nothing about use of the globes, and that, herself, but hires them that do, and anybody could keep a school that way ; and Fanny is twenty timea better-tempered, and a thousand times better- looking. No, sir, I'm not sweet on Fanny. I should have enough to do if I was to get spooney on all the pretty girls I chat with on my rounds. I'm a general admirer, you see. Well, yes, I suppose the postman is a general favourite, too. We're light- weights, and some on us walk uncommon comical, considering the practice we have, but then we're in uniform, and that takes with the girls. Everybody watches out for the postman, though. They mostly hope he'll bring them good news, I expect that they've had the Times left 'em, or something like that ; and if they see by the black border that it's bad news, they like the excitement. It makes them dif- ferent from other folk, do you see ? I left one black- edged letter a-Monday, though, that gave a heart- ache. Amongst all them smart pink things, with the scent and the figures on 'em, it made me think of the ghost — wthat's-his-name's ghost ? — that comes up in the feast at the theayter. The border was pretty nigh an inch thick. You've seen that heartful young lady, sir, with big blue eyes, that lives at No. 18 in the Terrace ? She don't look more than 20, but she was married two years ago I've heard, and has buried two babies — twins. Well, sir, this letter was to say that her husband had died at his uncle's in Jamaica — Bath. I think was the name of the place — of yellow fever. And she was expecting every day to hear he was coming home, and hadn't another soul in the world near to her like. She ran to the door to get the letter. "Thank you," she said, as she always does (she's a lady, she is) ; but she hadn't much to thank me for. She turned the letter about, and looked at the direc- tion and the postmark in a maze like, and then she tore it open, and then she looked at me fierce, as if it was my fault, and she was saying " You're a liar," and then she gave a horrid shriek, and then down she dropped on the oilcloth as if she had been shot. I was waiting for a trifle of extra postage, but I've never had the heart to ask for it. Of course, I had to make it right at the office, but it won't ruin me. That was a queer valentine. They're lighting up over the way, sir, for the next bag, so I must be off in a minute. You know the nervous gentleman that lodges at No. 3 in the square — him with the wig and the green glasses. Everybody knows him, just because he don't want nobody to. He's got one sitting at St. Paul's, and he's had curtains put all round it, and sits inside 'em as if he was in an island. Well, sir, he got ten valentines. The girl grinned, so that I waited to see her take 'em in. Out she came laughing fit to burat, and the poor gentleman, too, shaking all over like a jelly. "A mistake, my good man," he said, half crying, " a most serious mistake. Hundreds of people of my name in London. I'll give you ten shillings if you'll leave them somewhere else." 