I ENROLMENT OF CHURCH MEMBERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. Sir, I now address myself to the consideration of the enrolment of Church members. I shall give greater prominence to the matter than Captain Whish does, and if, by so doing, I make this letter a long one, I hope you will nevertheless be pleased to give it insertion. It will probably be in the recollection of some of your readers that during the session of the Church of England Synod, held in Brisbane in May and June of this year, a resolution was adopted affirming the desirability that on-en- rolment should be made of all the members of the branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in each congregation, parish, or district in the diocese of Brisbane, and a select committee was appointed to prepare a draft Canon, to be submitted to the Synod, to regulate such enrolment of members. Now this subject is a very important one, its it lies at the root of all organisation. And, no doubt, those who take an interest in such things will be anxious to know the recommendations of the select committee about the matter, which to my mind appears to involve two questions:? 1st. As to who are and who are not members of the Church; and, 2nd, the nature of the enrolment, in what way can it beat be carried out. On both those points Dr. Hobhouse, the late Bishop of Nelson, in New Zealand (in which colony, as also in this, the Church is based on voluntary compact) line some very pertinent remarks, which I will here quote, and at the same time endorse. " It is evident to common reason, that one of the first, requisites to the conscientious discharge of an office is to know towhomlho duties of the office here owing and the most conscientious the officer,' the more keenly he feels this need. An officer of a benefit society requires to know, as a first postulate, who are the members of the society. Until he does know it, he can never satisfy his conscience that he is fulfilling his duties. Were it open to anyone, upon a mere assertion of membership, music for the occasion, to claim the benefits of membership, the duties of the officer would be impracticable.' Or in the case of civil society, the magistrate!) would find himself wholly unable to fulfil his duties, if it were not defined by- law who have, and who have not, a claim on his offices of protection, and who are subject to his jurisdiction. If the law left, it; competent, for individuals to claim in their time of need the benefit of the magistrate's protection, without acknowledging may correlative duty of subjection to his jurisdiction, no officer could satisfy the requirement, of so indefinite in charge. liv all societies, therefore, it is deemed one of the first requisites to define, the forms of membership. In the society of Christ's Church, inasmuch as it is of Divine origin, and binds its members (o ii Divine Head, and to one another, by a heavenly and spiritual tie, the question of membership is, in its root, a purely spiritual one, and, as far as it is a purely spiritual question, is one which cannot be settled by any mica of man's making. But where a branch of the Church, as in our case, is planting itself in a new land, under new conditions, which render inherited rules inapplicable, it must be competent for such a branch, without taking the spiritual question at all, to determine who may and who may not set up a claim upon the bone fits which, as far- as regards adhesion to its cx German organisation, is a voluntary society. " The Bishops of the Australasian Province assembled in Synod in 1850, agreed on the following resolution for the guidance of the story, but it will be evident at once how very inopera- tive it becomes if the ground of an applicant's claim of membership be not stated in some formal way before he makes his demand on ii clergyman's services :? " ' We acknowledge its members all persons who, having been duly baptized with water in tho name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, are conformable to the doctrines, government, rites, and ceremonies, contained in the Book of Common Prayer ; it being understood that they are entitled to chum at the hands of ministers the vii ca of our Church only so long as they shall continue conformable to the extent above required. "' By a member in full communion, we understand every one who, being conformable ns forearmed, is a partaker of the Holy Communion as required by the rules of the Church. " is seems to me (continues Bishop Hobhouse flint nothing short of the enrolment of names in a Church roll, upon his own personal application, ought to be required of every adult before he can claim any right of membership and time this enrolment ought to be repeal or at frequent periods, with full power conceded to the parish officers to refuse to record the names of those who have notoriously violated the duties of membership." The scheme of enrolment bore shadowed forth is, to my mind, the only safe and pride able one. it differs very essentially from the preparation of nominal rules, as suggested by Captain Whish. This latter enrolment (or rather enumeration) would have to be done by the clergy men of the various parishes or districts, and, where no clergy men are located, by some well-known members of the Church in the district. It would entail a long and laborious task, and, after all, be only an approximate return j while for the practical and had in view, which is (if I read Captain Whish's letter rightly) the collection of money for church purposes, it would be of little or no use. The plan of enrolment which I advocate differs also from that in force at present? which is signing in the roll-book of the parish or district in which the layman residue a declaration of church membership, and which, subject to certain conditions attached, qualifies the enrolled person to vote at and for the election of Synodsmen. But this is not sufficient. We want something better, more clearly de- fined, yet alike available in town and country, and on all occasions, whether diocesan or parochial. I feel confident of this, that we must be bolder in throwing on men the duty of establishing their claim of membership before we shall get them to value it. How can we expect them to prize what we offer them so cheaply ? What wonder that they now rather regard the Church their debtor by the patronage they accord to her than consider (but their professed membership lays them under obligations His Church membership no duties as well as rights ? May a man closing his hand and heart against the claims of the Church, living selfishly and claiming to be free from all the obligations which communion with the body imposes, yet demand us he pleases, all the privileges and advantages of that Communion ? trow not. A line must be drawn between those who are and who are not members of the Churches, in such sense as to have a claim upon her services; and surely one mark of belonging to the body is the ministering, according to our ability, to the body of which we profess to be members. I find I am passing on to the consideration of the third subject I mentioned viz., Church finance. This letter is, however, too long already, I fear j so I will reserve this portion for a future occasion. But, before I conclude, I would observe that whilst I counsel enrolment as the test for decid- ing who have and who have not claims on the Church's services, I must not be understood to advocate the exclusive restriction of the Church's services to the enrolled members, at any rate for the many years which must necessarily elapse before such a system could be so fully established as to imply that the unenrolled person is by profession alien to the communion of the Church of England. A belief in the Divine mission of our branch of the Church will, I hope and trust, over operate effectually against exclusive starting of its sacred ministries to the bounds of an enrolled ' membership ; but nevertheless enrolment will declare who are the willing, and who the rightful recipients of the Church's offices j it will bar all claim on the part of the non-enrolled : it will stamp the services accorded to them with their true character (now so mischievously obtained of free-will offerings, rendered from no constraint but the constraining love of Christ; it will decide for the conscientious minister the perplexing question as to who are his first and imperative charge, the lawful claimants of his first care; it will tend to make the enrolled members feel that he has made and recorded a decisive judgment, that he is, not by the accident of family ties, education, or friendship, but by his own repeated choice joined in membership with the Church through one of her branches j it will tend to make even the dull of heart value it more highly than they can possibly do whilst membership is a mere name, which may be assumed to-day for any passing purpose, and as lightly flung away to-morrow. What I said at the beginning about the length of this lot tor has been realised. I polo give for the length of it, and beg to repeat the expression of my hope, that you will never the loss give it insertion.? Yours, etc., E. A. P. Brisbane, December 20. 