. UNIVERSITY COMMEMORATION. Tho annual commomeraüon af tho University Sydney took placo on Saturday at noon. Thora v. notwithstanding tho heavy showers of rain which I during tho'morninp, a largo gatboring of frionds a visitors to witness tho proceedings. On th* dais in I Hall woro tho Han. E. Deas Thomson, Chancellor, a the Professors of tho Univorsity, tho Chief Justi Mr, Juatico Faucett, tho Hon. G. Allon, tho Hon.1 Forster, tho Hon. J F. Josophson, Captain Beresfo Colonel Cartbow, Sir James Martin, Mr. Windoy MP., Mr. Commissionor Dt-ffell, tho Consuls Franco, So., Hov. Canon Allwood, Hov. Canoa Vid Kev. Dr. Stanley, Itev. Qeorgo Kinr. Rev. H. Goad, tho Hon. W. M. Arnold, tho Very Rev. I Porrost and tho Fellows of St. John's College, MOBS O'Connor, Duncan, Ellis, Hart, end Butler; Dr. Bi nott, Dr. Roberts, Dr. Nathan, Mr. Stonhouso, J Smalloy (tho Astronomer), Mr. G. Wigram Allon, J Edward Roovo, Mr. John Kinlooh, Dr, Patterson, 1 Qaai/o, Mr. M. J. Stephon, Mr. Weigall, and Mr. Campbell, Jost as tho procoeding? were about to coramonco, gleam of Bunahino shining through tho stained wi dows imparted a cheerful huo to tho scono. Tho CHANCELLOR oponod tho businoss of tho day 1 Baying-This meeting has boon oallod together order to confer degrees upou thoso who havo eatiBUi tho Senato that they havo fulßlloJ all tho conditio: required of thom by tho statutes and regulations i this University, to bestow dislina:ions and prizes c tho students to whom they havo boon awardod, and transact all auob othor business ns tho in toroa ts of tl University shall seem to tho Senato to require, thoreforo, ns Chancellor, nnd in tho nano of it Senato, pronounce this meeting to ho duly and lav fully oonvenod. Professor PELL, as Dean, read tho names of tho; who had obtained honours:-1, Prizos: UniverBit prize of £10, for Physics at B A, examination, J. "Vt Alston; Univorsity prizo of £10, for Logio, at B ¿ examination, Rov. T. Roseby ; proximo accessit, priz £5, D, Cooper; Hon. G. Allen's medal for Grco Iambics, R, M. Sly ; Profeesor Poll's prizo (£10) fe Mathematics, J. W. Alston; Profesor Smith's priz for Physics, R. Morris, R, Kamp, F. M'Carthy (equal; 2\. First classes at yearly examinations: 01aseic3-B Merris, (E, Ronnie, R. M. Sly, equal), S. Dargin, Il O'Connor. Mathematics-R Morris, R. Komp, C Farrell, T. Bowyer, R. M. Sly, E Rennie Physics R, Morris, R. Kemp (J Coutte, M. Lynch, equal), E Rannio, R M. Sly, G. Sly, A. Liddell. 8. Soholars Deas Thomson's Scholarship of Physics, U. Morris; University Scholarships (third year), R. Morris second year, R. M. Sly, E Rennio; first year, T Ceghlan, S. D. Kent; Salting Exhibition, T. Coghlan 4\. B,A. and M.A. Honor Men: -Second olaes ir Classics at B,A. examination fer honorp, T. RoBoby first CIBBS in Mathematics at B A. examination fo: honors, J. W. Alston. The DEAN handed tho list to tho Chancellor, and presented tho successful candidates, to whom thc Chancellor awarded tho prizo?. Tho DEAN then said : Mr. Chancellor end gentle mon of tho Senate, I prosont for admission to (legróos in the University of Sydnoy:-RA : Hov. Thomas Roseby, James Coutts, John Purves. Montaguo Faith- full, Allan Yeomans, William Gibbes, Rov. Jamos White,David J. Cooper. MA.: John Huntor, B.A.; Grantley Fitshardingo, B A. j George Faithfull, B.A. ; Albert Woigoll, B.A. (Oxford) ; Arthur H. Wyatt, M.A. (Cambridgo) ; Aioxandcr Olivor, B A- i Oxford) ; Charles Manning, B.A. (Oxford). LL.B. : Joseph Solo, Joseph Thompson. The candidates thus summoned cuno forward pre- coded by tho Esquire BoJoll, Mr. J. Kinloch, and woro presented by tho Dean to tho Chancellor. _ Dr. BADHAM, as proctor, administered tho declara- tion pledging tho candidates to maintain tho honour nnd privileges of tho University, and to promote peace and good will nmong all its members. The CHANCELLOR, taking tho right band of each man, said : Sir, in tho nam« of tho Senato, and by my authority OB Chancellor, I admit you to tho dogroa of B.A., LL.B.. and M.A., respectively, in tho Univorsity of Sydney, and to all tho privileges thereto belonging. Loud cheers greeted tho successful candidates. The REOISTBAR read tho list of benefactors. The CHANCELLOR then roso and said : Ladies and Gontlomen - I havo tho honor to prcsont to you a brief retrospect of tho principal events which have occurred in connection with tho University finco I laBt addressod you. Before I proceed further, it is my most painful duty to adrort to tho great loss which tho University, and the community at largo, have sustained by the death of my much valued friond and coadjutor, the Hon. John HubertPlunkott. M.L.O., QC He was ono of tho original members of tho .Senate, and during tho last live years he occupied the important office of vice-Chancellor. Ho graduated at Trinity College, Dublin, having takon tho degree of B.A. In 1808, he was admitted Melbourne. Mr. ilunkott over took an active part in tho management of the University, and, except when temporarily absent from tho colony, was a punctual attendant at thc moetings of the Sonate. His extensivo and varied knowledge, bis sterling uprightness of character, and urbanity of manner, procured for him tho rospcot, esteem and admiration, not only of tho members of tho Univer- sity, but of ovory class and denomination. I do not here speak of his high qualities as a publia officer, be- cause this is not tho ocoasion on which thoy should bo specially mentioned ; altbougn. tnera is no ono in ia community botter able than myself, as ono of h brother officers, to testify to tho fearless, impartía and admirable manaor in which ho porformed h duties as Attornoy- General and Publia Prosecute during a long sortes of yoars, I regret that tho postponement of tho commomon tion meeting, from the 15th ultimo to this day, pri Tents us from being hoaourod with tho presence c his Excellonoy tho Eight Ilonorablo tho Earl < Belmore, the Visitor of tho TJnivorsity, who is now o an official visit to tho "Wostorn Bistricts. The proceedings of tho Sonata havo latoly been c moro than usual importance. Several changes hav boon introduced, on tho rec»mmendntion of th Professorial Board, which, it is hoped, may prov alike advantageous to tho students, and to tho intercisi of the University. Of tho naturo and objoet o those changes it will bo my cndeavoui in tho observations whioh follow, to givo you som account. If tho progress of tho Onivorsity has'no boon equal to our anxious wishes, this has orison fror a variety of cansos beyond tho control of tho Senate and not fro tn tho absoncoof tho requisito facilities for on joying tho advantages of academical instruction. Th recent depression of tho times, and it is feared a les transitory cause-tho dosire, so common amongs parents in this country, to placo their sons in situation of emolument at a very early ng^o, rather than to pre. paro them by a careful University training to occupy the higher positions in socioty and in tho State-hav< tended hitherto to prevent this great institution fran commanding tho oxtoneivo patronago and support tc Which it is ontitlod, as tho highest educational establish ment. Lot us hopo that this indifference to the greal benefits of a University oducation may not long con- tinuo, but, that with overy eucceoding year, wo maj have tho gratification of bailing the accession of i largely increased number of students, In tho pre sont year seventeen studonts havo paesod tho requisito examination for matriculation, all of whom, with tho exception of two who havo been exempted under tho by-law applicable to such cases, will bo requirod to attend tho Professorial lectures, This is a larger number of matriculated students than tho average of former years. An important modification in tho curriculum, re- quired of candidates for tho B.A. degroe has' occupiod tho attontion of tho Senato. Tho ohanges proposed to bo introduced concern tho fourth sahool attached to thc Faculty of Arte. This eohool consists of three branches of study, viz. :-Logie, constitutional history, and tho outlines of political economy. Hitherto it has been competent to any candidato for tho degree of B A. to elect to be examined in tho abovo group of subjects, oonjointly with either classics, mathematics, or pbjBi cal soionce. But it hos boen objected to this regula, tion that, first, tho lectures and tho timo of prepara- tion in this school arc unequal to thoso provided in tho other threo; that tho option thus afforded invites Studonts away from BubjnotB which, if not moro impor- tant, aro moro strictly aoadomioal as means of montai t raining ; that logic I'B thereby mado a branch of study necossarv for only ono section of tho students, and that constitutional history is liablo to serious objection j on the ground of its involving questions which affect tho religious opinions of a port of tho community. For thoso reasons, it is proposed that, hereafter, logic shall bo taught to tho studonts of tbo socond year, so that it will no longer be a matter of option; and that tho twa remaining portions of tho fourth school, viz,, consti- tutional history and political economy shall coaso to form any part of tho B.A. examination, but that a prize shall bo givon ta tho best proficient in political oconomy among tho under graduatos of tho third year and graduates of not moro than two yoars' standing. In tho by-laws having reforbneo to tho clcotion to vacanoiea in tbo Senato an important alteration has boon mado. Notico is required to bo given of tho sames of intending candidatos, that they maybe r,,-l.j .1. ii_rr..:-".i_:_. .1,--~" paper«, foe tho information of. tho electora, a Buffle time beforo the day of convocation, and provision been mada for conducting tho oleotion by bal instead of by op»n voting as heretofore. The Council of St, Paul's Collego being anxiou secure for candidates for holy orders tho advantage a University oducotion, mado the following suggesl to tho Stnatot-That young mon, candidatos for h orders in tho Church of England, who shall h reaidod for two years in St. Paul's College, atten tho regular coulee of lecturos in tho University, i passed tho two annual examinations, should ba omptod from attending lectures during their tl year, provided that during that yoar thoy shall h resided in eomo theological collego; and that t' should bo admittod to tho degrea of B.A. on pass tho requisite examination nt tho end of tho third y< Tho Senato, beforo arriving at any decision on subjeot, woro desirous of ascertaining how far proposal met with the approbation of tho L Bishop of Sydney, and to what extent Lordship was prepared to co-opcata with Sonata and tho Council of St. Paul's, giving offoot to such an arrangement- Tho quost was also asked, how far it would meet tho views of parties if, instead of concurring in tho abovo-mentioi plan, tho Senate would romit to tho candidates holy orders ail thc feo3 for (ho threo years dur which thoy aro required to attond lectures to ena them to obtain tho degreo of B.A., amounting in to £70. The Lord Bishop, in a communicat addressed to tho Warden of St. Paul's, stntod that was anxious to oo-oporato with tho Council in r plan for combining tho advantages of a Univers , cduoation with tho special training which a theologi ! collego is intonded to allard. Ho feared, howevor, t! tho proposal that a student of St. Paul's Colli should spond tho third year of his cou at Moore Collego would to some oxt< interfere with his success at tho final examinât at tho University. Nevertheless, if any studi duly qualified for remission to Mooro Collège w willing to risk his chanco of passing tho requis examination for his degreo, his Lordship waa prepai to facilitate his admission i a to Mooro Collego, and nrrango that for thu present tko tutorial fee of £ should ho remitted. With respect to tho altornativo proposal-tho rom sion of tho lecture fees to candidates to holy ordi for their wholo courso-his Lordship observos, that feels it necessary to insist upon residence at Moe College, for tho eako of tho special training for t Ministry which it supplioB. Ho looks forward, ho over, to tho time when candidates for holy orders shi ordinarily ba required to graduate at tho University Sydney, through, tho Collego of St. Paul's. Tho gre extent of tho dioceso of Sydnoy, and tho consta domond for clergymen, mal;o Buch a regulation ir poasiblo for tho present. Tho Senato, ündii that his Lordship concurred in tho opinii which thoy themselves entertain-thac would bo inexpedient, to encourago théologie students to placo themselves in a position, \vfio their University and theological studi'B would seriously intorfero with each other aa to render tho success in either doubtful, resolved, but not withoi regrot, that tho proposal mado by tho Council of S Paul's could not bo acceded to. It is scarcely nccc sary to say that tho Senate will bo at all times ready 1 wolcoma tho candidates for holy orders of ov>i denomination to tho advantages of a University educ tion. There is no way in which thia great foundutio can bo rendered moro beneficial to tho boat and moi important interests of sc-cioty than by instructing tl clergy in tho higher branches of learning, so as tb better to qualify thom for tho efficient diachurgo e thoir sncrod duties. During tho past yoar fifteen candidates presente thomsolves at tho jublio examinations, of whom oigb received certificates for tho eenior, and two for th junior examination. Tho total number of candidate who have presented themselves during the tw years that tho regulation has beea in force ia S and thenumber who havo passed, 25. Although th adoption of thia regulation has not hithert boen attonded with all tho bonoßts which weró* os pected from it, yot it is hoped tha' in future years i will bo moro oxiensivojy availed of. It is well calcu lated to promoto a deeire amongst thoso young mc: who have noithcr tho means, nor the opportunity, o acquiring degrees in tho University, by attendance a tho Professorial leoturos, to endoavour to qualify thom solves for examination in many useful and dcsirabl branches of learning, tho acquisition of which canno fail to provo advantageous to them in tho practica pursuits of lifo. This regulation, which is similar t< that under which tho middlo class examinations ari hold in Oxford and Cambridge, may bo considered as i connecting link between tho Public Schools, tho Gram mar Schools, and tho University, and was a necessary supplement to any system of general education. And here I may, perhaps, bo pormittcd to say that although muon has already beon dono in thii colony for that important objcot, tho mea sures which havo boon adopted are still fa: from complote And if wo compare there with the admirablo system whioh exists in Pruseit and other parts of Germany for tho education of ol grades of sociaty, according to thoir respective re quiremente, it will bo seen that a vast hold for im provement and entension yot remains open to thc statesman and legislator. In Prussia * " two degree! of primary instruction aro distinguished by tho law the elementary fohools and tho burghor (or middle! schools. Tho elementary schools propose the dovelop' mont of tho human faculties, through an instructive in thoEO common branches of knowlcdgo which an indispa nsablo to tho lower orders, both in town ano country. Tho burgher (or middle) echoola carry or tho child till ho is capablo of manifesting his inclina- tion for a classical education, or far this or that pro- fession. The gymnasia continuo thia oducation until tho youth is prepared, either to commence his practical studies in lifo, or his higher and special scientific étudies in tho University. Thoso different gradations coiucido in forming, eo to speak, a great establishment of national education, ons in eystom, and of which tho parts, though each accomplishing a special end, aro all mutually correlative" All tieso educational institutions aro ondo .vod by publia funds, either contributed from tho general rovonue, or expressly raisod by assossmont on tho local districts ; and a watchful oyo is hopt ovor thom by tho Minister of Publie Instruction and his Council of Education, and also by tho publio bodies and func- tionaries charged with their immédiate supervision and control, BO that they may be rotainod at all times in a state of porfect efficiency. Until a moro compre- hensivo systom has been established in this colony, ombrao<ßg at least instruction, at seasonable hours, in tho Bcionces applicable to agriculture and to tho manufacturing and mechanical arts, it cannot bo said that tho Stato has satisfactorily performed its doty to tho portion of society engaged in those important pursuits: for it is obvious that neithor tho University nor tho Grammar School is within tho reach of a larcro majority of tbis class, and thero are no inter- mediate educational establishments supported by tho Government, like tho Gymnasia of Prussia, where tho requisite knowledge is taught. I hope I shall bo ex- cused this digression, but nothing can bo considered foreign to tho objects of this institution, which con- cerns the general education of tho peoplo. Upon this important subject I quoto tho following oloquoht passage from n work written by a late ^Professer of tho University of Edinburgh, of great eminonce and ability. "Tho ideas of Datson coe corning the oducation of youth were euch as might bo oxpeotod from a philoso- phical statesman. On tho conduot of education in general, with a viow to tho dovolopmont and improve- ment of the intellectual oharactor, ho has suggested various useful hints in difforent parts of his works; but what I wish ohiefly to remark at present is tho paramount importanco which ho has attached to tho education of tho peoplo, comparing (as he has re- peatedly done) tho effects of early cultura on tho un- derstanding and tho heart to tho abundant harvest which rewards tho diligent husbandman for tho toils of tho epriag, To thia analogy ho scorns to havo been particularly anxious to attract the attention of his readers, by bestowing on oducation the titlo of the Georgies of the mind ; idontifying, by a happy and impressive metaphor, tho two proudest fuuotions on trusted to tho legislator- tho encouragement . of agricultural industry and tho caro of national instruc- tion. In both instances tho legislator exerts a power which is literally productiva or creativo ; compelling, ia ono case, tho unpreQtablo desert to pour forth its latent riches ; and, in tho other, vivifying tho dor- mant seeds of goniua and virtuo, and redeeming from tho neglected wastes of human intolleot a now and un- exposed accession to tho common inheritance of man- kind.". Tho Sonato placed thomsolves in communication with tho Counoil of Education, in order to obtain tho recognition pf tho certificates issued to successful ran didatcB at tho publio examinations aa a tost of thoir fitnoss to recoivo appointments under that Board. In reply, tho Senato havo been informed (hat any person producing a corlifloato of having passed tho junior publia examination shall bo entitled to admission to tho Council's training sohool. without further exami- nation. Tho question of tho practicability of eubstitu ! ting tho senior publie examination for cortain nltorna [ live subjects of examination for toaohéra' higher class ! . Sir William Hamilton. + Dugald Btowart, certificates is still under tho consideration of t Council or Education. Application was mado in 1860 to tho Gonoral Cou oil,of Medical Eduoation and Registration of tho Unit Kingdom, for th» recogn ition of the University oxan nations, and also of such of its classes as mig form part of tho courso of medical study, as a ti of tho preliminary education necessary to ontitlo eu of tba studonts as might be desirous of entering t medical profession, to be registered as medical aluden Thoro was no power at tho time to comply with tl application, buta lottorhas recently boen received frc tho Registrar, enclosing a resolution of tho Count specifying tho amount of gonoral education which considers requisite for this purpose ; and as thoro o bo no doubt that tho examinations for tho dogroes Arts amply fulfil the required, conditions, tho Couu will bo informed accordingly." Tho certificates of t yearly examinations and of tho sonior andjuni public examinations, conduotod by tho profosso undor tho by-laws of this University, may also mada to afford a sufficient test of tho requisite qua fioation; and tho Council will bo likowiso so informe that tbo holders of certificatoa of having passed au Oïaminationo may participle ia tho advantages of tl regulation. 1 havo tho satisfaction to state, that amongst t graduates, upon whom I havo had tho honor this day confer tho degroa of M.A., aro four who attained a stn lar honor in tho Universities of Oxford and Cambridr, They previously passod tho usual examination; fort Scnato have unfortunately no power to dispense wi that requirement oven in such cases. Tho holdors theso degrees will, however, bo now entitlod to all t privileges enjo.vod by incorporated members of th University of tho samo erado. I will, as usual, address a fow words of advice ai encouragement to you, my young frionds, who a pursuing your studios in this University. What wish moro particularly to impress upon your mind on this occasion, is tho great responsibility which ye ineur in your present position. You are responsibl first, to your parents and guardians that the gre advantages which they havo afforded to you of obtai: inp: instruction in tho higher branches of art an scienej aro not neglccttd. You are responsible to yoi own consciences that you wasto not tho opportuniti I of storing your minds with thu precious treasures < i learning now within your reach, and which will at a I times bo a sourco of infinito gratification and advai tego to you ; and you aro rc.-pouáiblo also lo this gre: institution, that tho golden fruits of iustruo.ion, whic it so liberally offers to your acceptance, aro not idly an inconsiderately rejected. You ßhould nover fail t remember that in your success as in your failure, th honour of Alma Mater is materially concernée fliese aro considerations which I feel confident wi make you, ono and all, endeavour to obtain not ont a high position, but tho highest honours in you respectivo classes, BO that you may bo able to los back with prido and satisfaction on tho happy an prcfitable timo that you havo spent during your oca domical career. It is interesting, as well as instructivo, to observe th infinito pains and trouble taken sometimes by mer cvon of tho h'ghost literary nnd oratorical attainment! to preparo their o-ations for groat occasions. Lori Brougham has, with much.candour, ocknowlcdged thn ho composed tho peroration of his speech for th Queon, in tho Lords, after reading and repealing Dc mosthenes for threo or four weeks, and that ho com posed it twenty times over at least ; and ho adds, tha it certainly succeeded in a vory extraordinary degree and far above anymerits of its own. I willoiteanothe remarkablo instance for your instruction, as recorded ii tbo lifo of the great Milton * " From Paris ho hastened into Italy, of which h had, with pirticular diligence, studied tho language and tho literature ; and though he seems to havo in tended a very quick perambulation of tho country B tay cd two months at Florence, whore ho found hi way to tho Academics, and produced his compositioni with such applauso as appears to have exalted him ii his own opinion, and confirmed him in the hope, tba 'by labour and intense study, which,' Eays he, ' I tah to bo my portion ia this life, joined with a strong pro pensity of nature,' ho might 'le a YO something tc ofter time?, as they should not willingly let die, . _ * * * That in tho early pari of his lifo he wrote with much care appears from hie manuscripts, happily preeorved nt Cambridge, in which many of bis smaller works are found as they wore firs! written with tho subsequent corrections. Such re liques show how excellence is aoquirod : what wo hope over to do with case, we must learn first to do with diligence." What valuablo examples of laborious effort aro hero offered to you, my young friends, for imitation, not only whiltit pursuing your present studies, but when you shall enter upen tbe business of lifo. It will, I think, bo readily admitted from the instances which I havo quoted, that even with great genius, no high or enduring reputation can bo attained in tho irorld, ex- cept it he earned by a long continued course of intenes application I will now i oncludo by quoting tho powbrful and eloquent language used by another groat orator and r-tateeman. 'bc late Lord Mocaulay, in his address at his installation as Rector of tho University of Glasgow. Speaking of his successor, he observed, that " Ile hoped ho would bo ablo to cito a long list of eminent men, great masrers of experimental science, of ancient learn- ing, of our nativo eloquence, ornaments of thc Senate, the pulpit, and tho bar. Ho hoped that he would bo able to add, that their talents and learning were not wasted on selfish or ignoble objecte, hut were em- ployed to promoto tho physical and moral good of their species, to extend tho empire of man over tho material world, to defend tho cause ot civil and religious liberty against tyrants and bigots, und to dofend tho cause of virtue and order against the enemies of all Divino and human laws." I trust that I am justified in entertaining similar hopes for tho success of tho graduates of this University. It is my fervent wish, that by their learning and acquirements, and tho cultivation of habits of virtue and self control, they may bo nblo fully to reolise thom. _ Dr. BADIIAII then carno forward, and, af tor expres- sing his opinion that considerable objection might bo made, after tho address they had heard, to acy volun- teer addition to tho proceedings in tho shape of a speech from any of the professors, said bo knew ono porson who would lcovo no stone unturned to prevent him uttering his sontimentB on this cccassion. This conspirator against his freedom of utterance-this lyoi-in-wait to provont his enjoyment of tho publicity ho was supposed to thirst of'.or-was no other than himself. (A laugh ) But he felt that many would bo disappointed if tho teaching portion of tho University should appear utterly unconscious of the world without them ; and, as Professor of Classics and Logic, two things connected with tho faculty of speech, ha sup- posed this task naturally devolved on him. (Cheers,) Ho bad many painful reasons for wishing to romain BÜcnt. Thoro wore some who insisted on a man's dragging along at the samo even paoo through all subjects; who would resent tho slightest introduction of anything in tho way of playfulness, as if it threatened tho loss of dignity and self command. On this occasion ho would not bo playful ; be would provoko no one, unices it wore by intonso dulnoss. What ho wished to say of tho University was this, that if not unnecessary, it was at all events premature Tho strongest answer to that was to bid them remember what an influenco such a body ns this must havo upon all classical schoolmasters in the colony. Let them ask tho good schoolmasters in Now South Wales-and they are many-whether they did not admit that their hands wero strengthened by such an institution ns tliie, Tho battle of good schoolmasters is twofold against impostors, and against parental prejudices. Of the latter ho intended to speak briefly. Was it not unreasonable for them to go to tho schoolmaster to whom they wore about to confido their sons, and prescribe to him what is and what is not useful in education? If tho measure of tho usoful was that which was immediately to bo turned into monoy, tho parents wore probably far boltor able than the schoolmaster to decido. But is a tact for weighing evidenco sot ueoful? Ia a power of persuading others net useful ? Aro habits of observation and reflection, and tho oxcrcieo of trete and elegance in thc choteo of pleasurc«, not usoful ? AU theso aro the vory things a coneoloutieras schoolmaster is aiming at. Ho oould givo many iiMtrucoB of tho peculiar formula usod by objeoting parents; such as-I do not wish my son to learn Euolid and Algebra, plain.nrithmotio will .bo onough ; I do not want my son to "study olossios, a plain English education is all ho will want. But tho formula above) all othors that was most offensivo to him (Dr. Badham) was this-I do not want my son to learn Greok. (Laughter.) Ho would fain spend o few moments in protesting against this blind prejudice) in regard to tho noblest languago ovor bestowed upon mankind. (Hoar, hear.) All that constitutes our modern civilisa- tion, all modela of all that is excellant in art and in- vention, all models of opio and lyriopoolry, of tragedy and comedy, of history and philosophy aro to bo found in tho writers of that language. But then it is said, Why not Beck thoso in translations ? Facts aro faclB in any language, and beauties do not coaeo to bo beau- ties when woll translated. But how could they got tho highly cxeroiscd poiccption that could diBCorn real beauties through tho mÎBt of a translation ? It would Dr.BomufllJohnson,, to a Tory atranca hind of ohoico if a person should profer to BOO only a wratohod copy of a painting^ when lie might) hy an easy journey, go to soo tho original of Raffaollo'B oiru pencil. Tho Crrcok languago ia tho great instrument for tho improvement of tasto. Gibbon said of tho Grooli language, It gives soul to tho perceptions of sonso, and body to tho abstrac- tions of philosophy I In it thoy found tho exact harmony of opposites, just ns ia tho sky which arches over that ancient Attica, tho air is eo minglod aa to render tho climate ail things at once, gonial and bracing ; so in tho languago of that pooplo there ia that porfoot union of extremes-of vigour with ologanco, of beauty and grace with energy-that it neither touchas on tho morbid softness of the Italian, nor tho o;arso vehemence of tho German! Litro tho soulpturo of that ramo marvellous pooplo, it is always graceful. so as to givo tho improesiön of traposo, always power- ful so ns to givo tho impression of activity ; so it is with rogard to tho languago. Every half-note of per- ception, every chango in a logical point of viow, has immediately some formation corresponding to it. not contrivod for tho occasion, but as it woro born already in tho very germ of tho languago, nnd developed out of it by a natural rule. Then ia ita different styles, ita intensity nevor descends into vapour, ita simplicity novcr becomos vaguo. Though ever BO eimplo it is never mean ; though ovor so adorned it is novcr mere- tricious. (Applause) And in order to escapo from this divine languago, what havo pedants coatrivod, and paroo ts insisted upon? Grammatical analysis, antithetical gyrations, and all these loud-sounding tormo that might mako evon ornithorinchus paradoxus himself doubt his own empire. Whon they (educators) have exercised thoir function fitly in getting rid of all thcEO forcod substitutes; thon tho Genius of Educa- tion,-who has retired, with hor torch inverted, to weop over tho doatiny of thoso youths whom she can- not control,-will return with joyfulness from the Attio Mount in stolo of majestic simplicity and a smilo I of conscious power on har immortal face. (Cheors.) All this sounds like enthusiasm. Ile gavo notice when ho first carno that ho was an enthusiast. By somo littlo scbomes of his own, e'ill moro by what the University would do, ho hoped they would bo con- vinced that enthusiaem was capable of coping with facts, that practical wisdom is not tho exclusive possession of thoso who founded their olaim to intel- lectual strength on tho want of intellectual Uro. (Hear hear.) Thoy must fight tho battle of tho genuine schoolmaster against the paront who is misled. Thoro waa ono very ovil practico hero-that boys woro sfnt to school about fifteen or fixtoen, having been under eomo privato tutor, unworthy of tho name. Paronts ought to consider that in choosing a perron to whom to entrust tho education of thoir children, they aro exercising ono of tho most important trusts committed to thom. Publio education ia not well understood in this country. Tho publio examinations wero designed to bo liko tho middle olass examinations in England, to test tho diligoncoand capacity of tho masters, and to be a stimulus to tho application of students. But thoso 1 public examinations had bcon hitborto so lamontabloa ¡ failure, that thoy might woll asV themselves j what could paronts have been about in neglect- ing to give to thoir children that training whioh would" Bond them out into lifo with a otamp of proficiency that no ono would dare to gainsay ? Thero was ono point to which ho would fain mako soma allusion-the plan ho had proposed, and on which hitherto ho had been silont What ho had to say to tho publio, bo had said through tho newfpapors; and sinoo in lectures. It was so longer a plan on ita trial, It was an offer of ! ' which m my persona had alroady availed themeolvos. Ho fousd agroatnumberof intolligontporeonsoorrespondent in tba newspapers, had been discussing whether it would bo dono-while ho was actually doing it The samo mail which brought in these luttors from corres- pondents brought him n great numbor of Latin and French exercises for correction. As Professor of Logic he had had strongly brought beforo him tho fact that "All men aro mortal." And as 1 Boards havo a power of perpetuating them- selves which individuals havo not, ho in j ¡ nresonce of the Chancellor, of tho Senato, and of i j tho graduates, and especially of graduates from the old , I country who had done both themselves and this Uni i versity honour by being enrolled with thom, in pre j Boneo of tho mon of letters who were listening to his ! speech, ho gave notico that ho would want help. And I ho would contrivo to want help beforo ho aotually I needed it-(a laugh)-that ho might bo nblo to organ- . j iso a Board for carrying on his work. Thou his work would survive. Ho thanked thom for the courtesy with which thoy had heard him. (Loud and prolonged oboering.) 1 Tho CHANCELLOR then ro60 and took his doparturo, ' followed by tho rostof tho company. j PEDESTRIAN MATCH.-HieoiNS AOAINST GOHMIJCOS, I -A foot raco, which has for a considerable timo 1 aroused no littlo interest in sporting circles, was ¡ decided on the 12th instant, on the old Red-bouse grounds at Nerthcoto, Viotoria. Tho raatoh was tho 1 result of a challenge ecnt by BT. Cummings, some j seven or eight weeks ago, to run Mat, Higgins, i another well-known runner, for 200 yards, for £200 I a-Bido, Tho backers of tho two men assembled in strong force. Tho betting was not briek, and tho odds ? offered were very slight. Somo timo beforo tho raco : six to feur were offered on Higgins, who appeared to I be rather the favourite; but whon tho mon appeared on : tho ground and stripped, tho hotting declined to fivo i to four. Both runners seemed in capital form, ! < and their appoaranco ovokod favourablo comment. ' i After some delay, which soveroly teated tho patience t of tho spectators, who woro compelled to paddlo about 1 in tho wot and mud, as there were no other sports ' f going on, the men appeared at the scratch, and, on Mr.: i Grimwood firing tho pistol, off thoy went. Higgins, ' ( \ aa UBUal, Eccurcd an advantage For the first 110 i i yards the favourito lad by about a yard and a quarter,. 1 though Cummings was running very strong. About, i 100 yards) or perhaps a littlo less, from homo, ( Cummings mado a grand spurt, and came up wonder- ( fully, but bo could not pass his opponent, who ran in j t a winner by somothing -undor a yard, amidst the ' 1 enthusiastic cheors of his supporters. Several porsons : t on the ground timod tho race, and they all pretty well i agreed that thc distance was dona in twenty ono and a- i half eeconde, It is not at all improbable that 1 Cummings will endeavour to arrange another match, i as ho is not, wo understand, disposed to accept his t defeat as conclusive. ! DIAMONDS IN SOOTH APBIOA.-Tho Eastern Pro- ? vinco Herald of the 15th April writes:-.' Tho die- 1 covcry of tho largo diamond woighing 88 carats, which ' wa announcod in our last summary for England, has 1 been followed up by the discovery of sevoral other ! diamonds, somo of them of largo size, Ono woighing - 48 carats is known as the 'Bredenhahn' diamond. 1 having been bought by a trader of that name. 1 Another of 23 carats has been purchased by Mr, 1 Chapman, of Hopo Town. The Bredenbabn diamond ' was sold to Mr. YOB, in Capo Town, for £400, and it j has keon sent to England by tho Dane. Several other ' diamonds ef smaller eizo have bcon exhibited and sold. 1 It is worthy of note that tho first South African 1 diamond Bold at publia auction was disposed of at Port ] Elizabeth on tho lBt instant It was a small triangular ' gem, weighing 1¿ caratB, and rcatieod tho sum of £7 ! fls. It waa sold by Mcosrs. Dunoll, Ebdon, and Co, . Messrs. Dcaro and Diotz Wing tho purchasers. Tho ' I largo diamond, called by Mr. Hond ' Nieltork's Pun- j I dolcque,' is now gonerally known by tho name ' Star ' I of South Africa.' Tho latest intelligence respecting it 1 ¡ is that it bas been placed ' in Chancery ' by Mr. ' ' Justico Cole, who, at Colesborg, on tho Slat ultimo, ' granted an interdict against its salo." ¡ A telegram from Hobart Town received at Mel- bourne on June 12 states that a singular case, Sir F. Smith and others v. Hollinsdale, an action to recover , a sum due for rent of the Campania Estate, was heard before the Chief Justice on the previous day, and excited much interest. Had a law point arisen there would have been a novel position, as the Judge was suitor ia his own court, where there are only two Judges. A verdict was returned for plaintiff, without summing up for £400. Tho following application in the suit Robertson v. I Robertson and othors has bom heard in tho Supremo i Court, Adelaide. It was a suit to alter a marriage I settlement, to whioh tho défendants-tho wifo upon I whom the settlement WOB made and tho IrustocB- < offered no objeotion. . It appeared from tho bill that I tho plaintiff, who waa possessed of conBidorablo pro- I porty in Adelaide, visited Sootland in 1800, and thoro I marriod a Miss Agnes Maxwell Clarke, upon whom, i at tho request of nor fathor,. ha Bottled proporty to . ensuro her £200 a year in tho ovont of bis death, i Howovcr, on bia return, ho found that tho trustees had i Bent out a power of attorney to monago this proporty, | and had talion charge of his estate to tho valuo of < £15,000 ; BO that ho was unablo to compol tho tonaats I on tho particular property to pay thoir rents, or eleni < with it in any way. As tho proporty takon waa so < greatly in excess of what was noccasary to produoo ; Mrs. Roborteon's annuity, tho plaintiff sought to havo . tho deed altored on tho ground that it was contrary to contract, and that ho was niistakou when it waa mado, in conscquonco of not having tho assistance of i counsel. Tho oaeo was adjourned to tho next sitting i of tho Court, to permit of eomo amendments hoing ; mado in tho bill, his Honor having previously inti-1 mated that, in all probability, a decrco would bo mado I I in accord »nco with its prayer. | 