CHAPERONS. (Saturday Review.) The duties of a chaperon are manifold, and, on the surface of things, contradictory to a bewildering extent* She has to attract and to guard, to allure and to restrain, to throw the line dexterously and with intent, but to prevent too much independent fluttering on tbe part of the bait, and too much nibbling on the part of the fish angled for ; and yet without fluttering and without nibbling bow can she get a valid bite ? She has to take her wares to market, bat she has to surround them with artful contrivances of defence-work, while setting them forth as attractively as may be; she has to work bard to destroy the health, purity, and freshness on which she bases her best bopes; and she has to toil for her own undoing and to labour for no reward. This is tbe ethical view of a chaperon's life. The practical or real condition is even harder to understand; and how the Institution ever grew into what it has now become, and on what principle it is founded, are mysteries scarcely to be explained. In France a chaperon 1B an absolute power with strictly-defined duties and sharply-marked responsibilities. She holds her charge as a very frail vessel indeed, whom she has not only to keep from evil influences from the outside, but whose inherent weakness and propensity to fall into mischief voluntarily and on her own account bave to be perpetually guarded against; the central point of all French morals being the innate depravity of human nature, and more especially the innate depravity of *the young. Consequently men know what they have to expect when they encounter an ingenue taken abroad into the world under the eyes of ber chaperon or her mother. They know that when they lead her out to dance they must keep within earshot of her chaperon, and be careful not to speak to her]at all when the exigencies of the fignre have removed them from hearing distance. They know that they must bring her back to maman the instant the dance Is ended, and deposit her with a formal bow safe under the protecting shadow waiting to envelop her. They know that they would be held to have acted in a manner both maUwnnete and reprehensible if they said or did anything whatsoever that might touch her feelings or arouse her intelligence. And knowing all this, they treat their pretty ingenue with the same kind of care with which they would handle a fragile wax doll; and judge of her real nature, if they judged of her at all, as they best can by the mere sketch afforded them by her face and bearing, and the timid tones of her voice, when they hear them, which is not always. Stupid as all this is, both for the ingenue and her partner, it is thorough; and we accept it as the logical conclusion of certain foregone premises. Given, a frail youth, much inclined to naughtiness, and having to be kept straight by the force of outside circumstances, by the care and restriction and unceasing vigilance of the mature whom experience has made wise, not to say suspicious and distrustful, and we can understand the French system, though we 'may not agree with it Given, on the other hand, tbe American idea that the earth and all the fullness thereof is made for the young only, and that the first duty of boys and girls, as soon as they leave the schoolroom, is to shelve the old folks and go ahead without delay—given the national belief in the power of all young people to guide themselves aright quite as well, and a great deal better than tbeir elders can guide them— and we can understand why chaperons are discarded over the water ; and why the theory of their necessity is scouted as an insult to the free and enlightened juveniles who maintain that no dangers exist among themselves an unchecked body for which advice is needed or guardianship required. So may it be. Heaven forbid that we should judge ; and, miracles being not impossible, Transatlantic nature may be different from European humanity, and the fire of youth may (who knows ?) be able to burn clear, ithout smoke or flare, in the home of the etting suu. Nevertheless, it does seem to ns somewhat strange to hear of splendid balls here crowds of smartly dressed and quite respectable young women have not the ghost of a chaperon among them; of sleighing-parties the brisk winter moonlight, with never a wary father nor cautious mother to guard the Iambs from the wolves ; f torchlight skating on the crowded " rinks," with no prudent guardian to steady the tottering steps of inexperience, to provide against the dangers of a fall on such slippery ground. To a French mother, to whom even our much more restricted freedom seems a dangerous tempting of Providence, such ways and manners are of course anathema maranatha, and not to be accepted as possible with innocency; and many are the equivocal positions in which a free-spoken, free-acting American girl places herself, and much and grave the misunderstanding to which she subjects herself, all in the naivest manner possible, when first slie enters French society, and learns, to her astonishment, that young girls are supposed to be given over hopelessly into the power of the Evil One unless they have a chaperon always at their elbow to pluck them back by main force. But to ns also this is an amount of liberty by no means desirable ; and more than one Belgravian mother has heard with dismay whispers of the coming revolt, when our English young ladies intend to adopt the American flag, be their own generals and lieutenants, and cashier all their chaperons as so many worn-out dummies, of no use whatever. Now it seems to us that this is a revolt quite without cause. Heaven knows it is not much that chaperons do nowadays to restrain the independent action of the young, or to interfere with their liberty. Very few place any limits to the amount of pleasure indulged in during the season ; and quite as much flirting as is good for the soul of man or woman is allowed to go on under the eyes of the most watchful. Certainly chaperons, as an institution, still exist and flourish laigely; but it would be difficult to discover their exact uses, if we except the uses of vicariousness and responsibility. If girls were wise, they would know that no free* dom is so great as that which is got by tbe shifting of responsibility. So long as they have a chaperon on whom to lay the burden o£ tbeir follies, 'they may be as imprudent pa they like ; but once left to themselves, they enter into the difficulties of responsibility ; and if they have more freedom than even sow, they have also to bear more blame for mistakes. As things are, their chaperons bear the brunt for them ; and if they are faster than they onght to be, people condemn mamma for allowing them to "go on so," more than they blame the girls for using their overplus of liberty. They will find this out to their cost if they translate the whispered threat into an acted reality. To be sure, such radical changes take time to complete themselves, and though year by year has seen the gradual extinction of the chaperon's moral vitality, and season after season has made her functions more and more mythic, while appearances are held as essential as ever, still it will be long yet before English society will consent to be headed by yonng unmarried girls—before the grace and good inherent in at least tbe idea of a governante is disregarded, and our maidens are left to go right and left at their own sweet wills, without a chaperon to countenance .them, or . a care* taker to restrain. It may all come in time, probably will, according to tbe way things are going; bnt not just yet, we would hope. 