PLANT HUNTING ON MONTE CAMPIONE, TFrom the l%ta.l We start at 3 o'clock in the morning, as it is desirable to get up a little out of the warm valleys before the dew has been dissipated, and find ourselves on the spur of a mountain, on which tjywjuixvuo yvcy xufui uuuj amuug uie snanereu stones here and there— sometimes a solitary bloom or two, at others handsome tufts, where the position has favoured free development, and now md then springing in a miniature condition from some chink, where there was very little nutriment sr root-room to be obtained. Then we meet Silene 3axifraga, very abundant on the larger boulders ini in sandy spots. In a wild state or in cultiva tion it is not a pretty plant, although it has often been recommended. Lower down we had first met with the neat Tunica saxifraga on the tops of walls, and it accompanies us a little higher up, and is rarely so pretty as when well cultivated. The Maidenhair fern does not ascend up the mountain Bides, nor even go into suitable places in the villages up the valley, though in the town of Lecco it adorns the very mill wheels and moist walls near watercourses, &a;, in great abundance of small pretty plants, adhering closely to the wall, and dwarf from existing on. moisture or very little more. The pretty Coronilla varia is often seen low down; and what can form prettier tufts, or fall more gracefully over the brow of rocks? As we ascend the fine flowers of Geranium sanguineum are everywhere seen, and Horminum pyrenaicum begins to show itself here and there, becoming more abundant as the mountains get higher, and growing to the top. It n barely worthy of culti vation. A pinkish variety was noticed in several places. The Privet in a very dwarf and flori ferous condition, adorns the rocks in abundance, while Aconites, Lilies, &c;, are occasionally seen. The Orange Lily is a great ornament hereabouts. I saw on one of the topmost and most inaccessible cliffs of the mountain one of its bold flowers ex panded like a ball of fire in the starved wiry grass and small plants that grew on the narrow ledge, and L. Martagon is also abundant, though not so effective. Dwarf Cytisus, &&. are great ornaments to the rocks, and here and there the leaves of the Hepatica are mingled with those of the Cyclamen, suggesting little pictures of spring in these locali ties. The CyclamenB are deliciously sweet, and the great spread of Erica carnea, seen in all parts, must afford a lovely show of colour in spring. The ground is rocky ; and we think we have taken leave of all the meadow land, when the hills again begin to break into small pastures, where Ox-eye Daisy, Orchises, Phyteumas, Arnica, Inula, ana a host of meadow plants struggle for the mastery. Soon we come to great isolated masses of rock— erect rock, and yet on the surface quite shattered and decayed in every part; and, after half an hour among these, see far up rosettes of blue horn-like flowers projecting at about two inches from the rock. The rosettes are as wide as the plant is high, and much larger than the leaves, which are of a light glau cous colour. This is quite a novelty. Where would our pleasures be if we knew everything ? The charm of such excursions as this is in propor tion to the novelties they present. We ascend far above these rocks, and find the mountain side has broken into wide gentle slopes, park- like, with indigenous trees here and there, but for the most part a great spread of meadow land, adorned in every part with a most glorious com pany of flowers. Conspicuously beautiful was the St. Bruno's lily, just growing high enough to show its long and snow-white bells above the grass. It should be called the Lady of the Meadows, for assuredly no sweeter or more graceful flower embellishes them. In every part where a slight depression took place in the ground, so as to expose a little slope or fall of earth on which the long grass could not well grow, or along by a path way, Primula glaucescens was found in thousands, long past out of flower. In wandering leisurely over the grass, an exquisite Gentian, of a billiant deep and iridescent blue, caught my eye. At first I thought it was the fine Gentiana verna ; but on taking up some plants it proved to be an annua kind, quite as beautiful and brilliant as either G. Bavarica or verna, gems as they are. Everywhere that a boulder or mass of rock shows itself. Primula auricula is to be seen, often in the grass, and always ou the high rocks and cliffs. A species of Pedicularis, with deep rosy shining flowers, is a fine ornament of the grass, and ascends to the very highest points. A snowy Epilobium and fine Dentana are also Been among the taller vegetation, while the compact little blue Globularia creeps from the surrounding earth over every rock. As we arise, the mist or the higher points begins to envelope us, and hide the lovely and ever-varying scenery below and on all sides, except now and then when the breeze clears them away. Hereabouts we come upon some little tufts of the most diminutive and pretty Saxifraga oesia. In little indentations in rocks it sometimes looked a mere stain of silvery grey like a lichen; on the ground, between stones, &c;, it spreads into dwarf silvery cushions, from one to three or four inches wide. It seemed quite indif ferent to position, some growing freely along, and even in a channel, the sides and bed of which are a mass of shattered rocks, and which ia in winter a stream and a torrent after heavy rains and thaws. I found one plant as circular and as wide as a dessert plate, a mass of lilliputian silvery rosettes, each about the eighth of an inch across, each rosette being formed of from 15 to 25 diminutive leaves, and hundreds of rosettes going to form a tuftaboutan inch high. Above the region where this plant is first met with the extraordinary nature of the mountain begins to be seen through the increasing mist. Lower down, and indeed in all parts, erect isolated masses of rock are met with, but towards the great straight-sided mass that forms the central and higher peak huge aiguilles aie gathered together bo thickly that, dimly seen through the mist, they seem like the ghosts of tall old castles and towers creeping one after the other up the mountain side. The highest point, formed by a most imposing rock of this description, has not yet been ascended. A little lower down rocks of the same nature and great height are exposed on one side, so that you may look over their edge from the turf, their appearance being much heightened by the mist which completely hides the valley, and makes them seem baseless. The Lion'8-paw Cudweed is very abundant on the mountain. Daphne rhododendron in small quantities, and the pretty little Polygala chame buxus often crop out in a very diminutive state, much less beautiful than when in cultivation. A blue Iinum, probably L. alpinum, is very common ; the rare Allium Victoriale I found sparsely on high rocks; and Dryas octopetala. abundantly in flower, with Anemone alpina, were in a very dwarf state: and pale flowers of the common Gentiana acaulis looked up singly here and there. In the higher and dwarfer parts of the meadows Aster alpinuB was very charming, not in tufts or masses, but dotted singly over the turf. Having got as high as was possible, we had yet to find one of the rarest and most beautiful of hardy plants, Silene Eizabetbic. We failed to find it after a long search, and, disappointed, were descending the mountain down a long and rocky chasm formed of a vast bed and banks of shattered rock, ? when, much to our pleasure, a little plant with a few leaves was discerned growing from a chink on a low mass of rock. By carefully break ing away portions of this we succeeded in getting the plant out intact, and by very diligent searching found a few more specimens of it. It was not yet in flower, but pushing up the stem preparatory to it. Then a long trudge down mountain, valley, and hilly road brought us home to our quarters at half-past 9, after along and interesting day. A description of the scenery from the top of this mountain is better not attempted; and, indeed, for several hours near the top we could not see many yards before us because of a white mist. But one time, when as high as we could go, the guide shouted to call pur attention, and we saw through a rent in the mist the far-off country below— lake, hills, villa-dotted lowlands warmed by a bright sun, and iiappy-looking as Eden 'when o'er the four livers the first roses blew.1' Cattle foe the Butcheb. — The American Cultivator, in an article upon cattle for the butcher, Bays:— 'In America large-boned animals are admired: in England large, frames heavily laden with flesh and fat, but with fine bones. In the former country meat is supposed to be best when put on the carcass very quickly, but in the latter country the butcher will prefer a beast which ha3 been laying on meat for years instead of months, and all meat from animals which are said to be ' firm as a board,' when those creatures are in their prime, is worth several cents more per pound than sof ter-fleBhed ones. A heifer never having had a calf is in her prime at four years ; an ox in his at six years : a calf for veal a 10 weeks— having had as much milk as he could suck.' To Pack Teee-Ctjttikgs.— The follow ing mode of sending fruit- tree cuttings from England was adopted in J shipping them to the Victorian Horticultural S3ciety:-They were packed in charcoal, and then nailed up securely in boxes. The cuttings should be taken from the trees when the sap is quite down— say November— and packed in layers, with an inch deep 0 powdered charcoal on the bottom of the box and Between each layer, and again at the top. The charcoal should not be too finely powdered, or it may become damp— a state to be most carefully guarded against. When packed in this way cuttings of trait-trees and shrubs of many sorta may be brought from England without much Iobs, 