TUE FIaST USE: OP GAS IN LONDXN. Those sanguine and patient enthusiasts, the aletemists. were not by any means the jugglers and charlatans theyate commosly suppused to have been. Disdaoiners of domnas, earnest search-rs for nea truths, strenuous navigator in the advanced trenches of scientiofi tiscovery, putiing nature to the rack, forcing her by steeld and fire to disclose hr secrets after the dumb. ness of long ages-thoce laborious men broke up the old ground of Aristotle, and sank deep the piles on which modern medicine and modern chemistry haove reared their vast but still uncompleted palUaces. Thley first struck the loles, which have since widened into richer reins. To reproach then becaue tlhey sought for impossibilities is like striking the infant be cause St cannot at once sptak. We must not forget that modern science has shown that there were germs of truth even in thieir wil ect dreams. The great Li big can manufaeture gems by chemical combinations; he h s pub. licly expressed the opinion that we shall, before long, learn how to make gold; and we must remember that if a common basis of all mninerals was once found, gold-making would be the smallest of the benefits mankind would derive from the vast discovery. Thiscarly alchemists obtained a great know. ledge of the properties of natural objects by their ceaseless and prolonged experiments. It was they who discovered uscohol; that mingled eurse and blessing. They first taught us the use of m ineral medicines. Basil Valentine de votedl half his adventurous Isfe to tele study of the medicinal properties of antimnony. 'Para celsus brought from the East opi. n, the pain killtr, in all iss co npuuutls. It was at nlche anist who dliscovered phosphorus. Lastly, it was Van Ilelmont, an alchemist, who first ana lysed atmospheric air, and discovered that it is composed of gases. In tihe Spa waters of Germnty he first observed carbonic acid gas, and learned to distinguish it as a di-tinct elastic icriform substance to be elicited only by chemical decomposition, and considering it as more of an essence than common sttnospheric air, he gave St the German name of Gheistl (ghost or spirit), fro i whence conmes our English word gas. Titis great discovery dates about 1024. The Baconic theory, promulgated and acted upon centuries before Bacon translated it into his own beautifud and sound English, led rapidly to the development of experimental philosophy. s iso nmen began, alter wasted centuries, to regard finality dognas as only fit for men whose minds had ceased to grow, or men who benefitted by thIe dogmas tlhey inmal. cated. No iing now was to be believed that could not be v.rified by experiment; no theo ries were to be admitted that did tot bear the test of experiment and varied observation. A wise humility took the place of thle old mis chievous and aggressive dogmatism. Even Newton, when he was vouchsafed glimpses of the divine secr.ts, confessed that his theory or gravitation was only the locum tenens for some gr..atr and more central truth yet to be dis. covered. In every nation tihe snes plhilnsophy was coloured by the national character:, in France it becamne sceptical and mathemsatical, in Germany, mnore abstract and generalising; in England, more practical and energetio. As the new science had always special topics on which it was engaged, it otte haIppened that, with so many thousand observers, many of its most useful. dicoveries were made simnultaneously in several countries. A long range of aemiru-dis coveries in England, France, and Germany led slowly up to the great re,ults of.Watt and his .team-engne. In older timetssuchsorets were sought for by fewer miners. T'he field of knOw. ledge was indeed but a snmall spot then. (To be Continurl.) 