LITERATURE. MY ENEMY'S DAUGHTER.* My Enemy's Daughter is an excellent novel, the best which its author has given us, and very far in advance of the ordinary read- ing of this class. There is stuff in it rarer than either Miss Braddon or Mr. Yates can command—a sustained and concentrated power, a skill in the delineation of character, with considerable humour and descriptive force, Mr. McCarthy's style is far superior to that of most of his rivals in that line, and is creditable to the school of journalism in which he was trained. It is workmanlike, measured, and terse, attaining sometimes to real eloquence and pathos. He has the art indispensable to the true novelist, but which is rarely acquired by the writers of the day, of making his characters living persons, who develope themselves out of the circumstances in which they are placed, and move with the story, with an independent movement in which the writer is not revealed. The plot is neither very original nor very probable, but the tale is so well constructed, and the incidents grow so naturally out of it, that we cease after a while to regard the want of vraisemblance. The hero is chosen from out of the unpromising class of tenor-singers, and he is really no more interesting than such personages usually are. The son of a poor boat-builder in an obscure fishing village, Emanuel Temple aspires, after a wild experience of early and unfortunate love, to the hand of a millionnaire and mem- ber of Parliament's daughter. Both the heroines are beautiful and interesting, but Christina Braun, the great prima donna, who abandons love for ambition, and is through all a true and earnest woman and a thorough artist, is Mr. McCarthy's chief character, in which he has lavished all the resources of his talent. The result is a most striking and, in many respects, original portraiture, for some of the features of which the author, we cannot help thinking, must have been in- debted to a real experience. How, finally, the loves of Emanuel and Christina were de- termined to give place to a happier and more equable fortune for the former, is told in the following passage. Christina, it may be neces- sary to say, is by this time the wife of one Salaris, an Italian patriot and refugee :— "I hastened to the room, and found Christina Reichstein standing there. Her veil was down, but I could see through it that her face was very pale, and that her eyes sparkled. " 'Where is my husband, Emanuel?' she said, without any introductory word. " 'I cannot tell you, Christina. I have told you nearly all that I know. He left me, and bade me tell you that you should hear from him soon.' " 'Where did he leave you ? Where was he going ? Who came for him ? When did he say he would return ?' " 'Christina, I am not deeply in his confi- dence. He did not tell me where he was going, nor did I ask any such question. He did say there was nothing to be alarmed at—immediately.' " 'Who came for him—Benoni ?' "I described the emissary. " 'Yes: Benoni. I thought so—I feared so ; I hate that man.' " 'Is he not true ?' " 'True ? O yes, too true. True to his wretched plots and plans. But there can be nothing to alarm me,' she went on, reas- suring herself. 'I have not heard a syllable of anything. Is it not very hot ?' "I opened the window near her. She threw back her veil. She looked pale as a ghost. " 'No ; there can be nothing of any mo- ment,' she said, looking at me anxiously for confirmation of her hopes. 'I believe — is still in town, and has not heard of anything ?' "And she named an Italian name known of all men—a name identified with revolu- tionary movement for more than a quarter of a century. " 'I can satisfy you as to his being in town, Christina. I passed him at Knightsbridge as I came along, not an hour ago. He was walking very quietly and slowly—quite un- concernedly, to all appearance.' " 'Then there can be nothing. It must be only some one of those ordinary journeyings. " 'But don't people say,' I asked malignantly, 'that the chief prefers stirring-up rebellions with the long arm of the lever—that he generally directs an Italian insurrection from a safe stand-point here in London ?' " 'People do say it, I believe,' she replied coldly, 'who know nothing of him, and have no sympathy with his cause, or perhaps with anything that is noble and high. You ought not to say it.' "I felt a little ashamed and penitent. " 'Iam sure,' I said, after a short pause, that I heard Benoni, if it was he, speak to Salaris about the necessity of being in Paris at once.' " 'In Paris? O, come, this is the only im- portant word you have let fall yet. In Paris? If you had only mentioned that before, I should have felt greatly relieved. It is nothing definite, then ? It is only some organising affair : to seek for aid, or advice, or friends, or something.' " 'Yes. I don't see how they can well fight for Italian liberty in Paris. Indeed, Madame Rechstein, I don't believe there is much cause for alarm. Perhaps the battle won't come off just yet ; threatened governments live long.' " 'You are in a sneering humour, Emanuel, and I don't like to meet people in such humour ; but I am a good deal relieved by what you tell me. And now, before I go, let me scold you for having left me this evening so hastily. Why did you not wait, and tell me all you knew ?' " 'In fact, I had nothing to tell ; and you had other people with you.' " 'They all left very soon. You might have waited a little ; I have no one to confide in but you.' "No one ?' " 'No one, now that my husband is away. I don't know why you look at me with such an expression ; I think you ought to explain what you mean.' " 'Christina, I don't ask explanations, or offer any. I have nothing to explain.' " 'Yes, you have something,' she replied with energy. 'You have to explain your manner to me—your suspicious manner, and your looks, which seem to insinuate some- * "My Enemy's Daughter." By Justin McCarthy, author of "Paul Massie," "The Waterdale Neigh- bours," &c.; 3 vols. Tinsley Brothers, London. 1869. thing that I do not understand—that I will not understand.' " 'Ay, will not understand!' I said with emphasis. " 'Will not understand, then, if you like to have it so. What have I done, that you, my oldest friend, look on me so coldly ? Have I not now enough to distract and torment me without that? There is nothing I am ashamed of, although there is much I am sorry for. You are changed towards me ; why —why !' " 'Christina, I don't like your way of life ; I tell you that frankly—indeed you know it already. I don't like to see that man Lyndon hanging about you in the way he does—now too, when, for aught you and I can tell, your husband may be in some serious danger. I don't like to hear your name coupled with his in a way that—well, in the way that people do couple it.' "Christina blushed, or flushed rather. " 'My husband knows of Mr. Lyndon's visits. What right has any one else to—' " 'No right, Christina. I claim no right. You insisted on knowing why I seemed sur- prised, or cold, or something of that kind ; I have told you the reason.' " 'I didn't mean you, Emanuel ; I meant the idle people whose babble and malignant trash you repeat : people who babble malignant trash about yourself, let me tell you, as well as about me. How do you know what things are being said of you and me? How do you know what vile gossip may have reached my husband's ear—which he scorns to believe? Who can tell what people might say, if they knew, for example, that I have come in this way to visit you at night alone ?' "There was much of her old winning way about this, which, coming as it did now, brought a vague subtle sense of deceit to my mind. " 'Come, Emanuel, dear old friend, have faith in me. Let there be one at least who thinks well of me—me here I mean—for my husband thinks well of me, better, far better than I could deserve of him. If you knew him well, and knew how he trusts me, you would not, and could not, believe me capable of deceiving him. He knows that Mr. Lyndon visits me, and he knows why. It is his doing altogether, that is all I can tell you now, but you shall know more before long. He is all confidence and love. My dear friend, you and I are very good people in our way, but we are not like him.' "She spoke now with a dash of sarcasm in her tone, and with a quivering lip. " 'Christina, I do believe I have done you wrong.' "She sprang up, and caught my hand in a wild way. " 'Yes, I do fully believe I have been sus- pecting you wrongfully. I don't pretend to account for what I have certainly observed.' "She smiled half maliciously. " 'Although, perhaps, even now, a conjec- ture does start up in my mind which seems to explain it, but I will not ask for any explana- tion—' " 'No, Emanuel. Believe me without ask- ing for any explanation now.' " 'And I do. I am sorry for having wronged you ; and I am more sorry still for the cir- cumstances that have entangled you in what I cannot help thinking a sort of humiliation, and which will end, I fear, in the wreck of your happiness.' " 'My happiness is wrecked, Emanuel! It went down long, long ago. I would give all to be young again—to begin again. The old imme- morial vain regret! To be young again, Emanuel —to have the chance of beginning again, and doing something better! I sold my soul, and I have got a heap of fairy gold in ex- change, and it has turned into withered old leaves.' "My heart was deeply moved by the state of almost abject despair into which she had worked herself. I endeavoured to say some- thing in the way of commonplace reassurance, but she cut me short impetuously, petu- lantly— " 'Don't, Emanuel ; I want no condolence. I daresay everything is for the best, and all right, and all that ; that sort of stuff never made anyone feel any the happier. If I were to ask you, don't I look pale, and wretched, and ugly at this very mo- ment, you would say something complimen- tary, I dare say. It would not reassure me. I have had compliments enough in my day, and they have not done me much good. I have cried my eyes quite red, and my cheeks quite pale ; mock tears on the stage and real tears at home make sad work of one's beauty. Emanuel. You find the world well enough, no doubt ; you were always a patient, con- tented kind of being, and did not trouble yourself about anything, as women do. Besides, you have special reason for happiness now. You have seen Lilla Lyndon.' " 'How do you know ?' " 'I heard, only an hour since, that she was in the Lake country ; and I knew by your air of brightness and triumph, and—O, something wholly unspeakable—that you have seen the little girl.' " 'Yes, I have seen her.' " 'And you will persevere, then ; and you will not be warned ; and you will take this child away from her father and her family? O, don't protest and look angry ; she will go if you ask her ; and you think you can break all the bonds of association thus, and yet find the woman you tear away from friends and family and habits happy in the end ? You know nothing of women, Emanuel ; you never did. She will plunge into any gulf with you now ; she will awake with a shiver some day, and turn a pale face of silent reproach on you. I don't think the poor girl would scold.' " 'You are a prophet of evil omen, Christina.' " 'A screech-owl, am I not ?' " 'But I am not dismayed.' " 'You believe in this girl's firmness and constancy, and knowledge of her own mind ?' " 'I do, as fully as I believe in Heaven ; far more fully, very likely. I know Lilla Lyndon ; I don't know Heaven.' " 'You think the bonds of love will prove stronger with her than the bonds of habit ?' " 'I do.' "Christina shrugged her shoulders, but returned to the charge. " 'She lives now in Connaught-place ?' " 'She does.' " 'And you propose to live—?' " 'In a small house in Brompton or Kensington, say.' " 'She has carriages and horses, grooms and maids without stint ?' " 'Yes ; and it will try my resources, pro- bably, to keep a miniature brougham, a couple of maids, and a boy in buttons. Connu, Christina. All that I know and have thought of.' " 'And she will sit at home of nights and do crochet, while you sing at the Opera with some Finola ?' " 'No, Christina. I mean to give up the Opera—I am sick of it. Anything I can do is better done in the concert-room. I will at all events try to make her happy, if she will have me.' " 'Happy,— after she has quarrelled with her father, and been discarded by him ?' " 'She will not quarrel with her father.' " 'Emanuel, you are out of your senses.' " 'No, Christina. I am coming to my senses—at last !' "I do not know why I made this reply. I suppose I was merely carried away by an- tagonism and her last words. She flushed as if she had been smitten on the cheek, and her bosom heaved up and down like little waves, and she indulged in her familiar action of throwing back her hair from her brow and shoulder. She turned away for a moment, and then, laying her hand gently on my arm, she said, in a softened tone— " 'You do not think I wish you not to be happy ?' " 'O, no, Christina.' " 'Then, Emanuel, you forgive me all ?' " 'Dear Christina, what is there to forgive ?' " 'Yes, yes, there is. I left you for the sake of my own career and my own ambition. I went forth on my fool's errand and left you, and it was not long before you recovered wholly, and—and ceased to think about me.' " 'It was indeed.' " 'But you are now free again, and happy and hopeful ; and all the past is sponged out, and I am forgiven ?' " 'O, surely, surely ; if you will have it that I have any cause or right—' " 'There, that will do. And we are friends ?' " 'Friends, Christina, for ever.' "She leaned towards me, and kissed me on the forehead. " 'We may not meet again,' she said, 'ex- cept before many eyes ; and besides,' she added, with a wild, sweet smile, 'it is no wrong now.' "With that kiss of peace she left me ;—that was the funeral ceremony of a long, long, vain love now dead." The character of the humorous scape-grace, Stephen Lyndon, is excellently well drawn, and his daughter, Lilla (the second Lilla which makes some confusion), is also a capital sketch of the London-bred, worldly, practical, yet romantic, and daring Bohemian. Mr. McCarthy's knowledge of life is used with great effort to give life and colour to scenes which, in the hands of the lady-novelists, would have been made either sensational, improper, or absurd. He is a master of dramatic situation, as the following scene can testify. The personages are Emanuel's second love, Lilla ; the father, a cool, worldly, unscrupulous, and selfish millionnaire ; the other Lilla, and her mother :— "I saw in an instant her face pass through its most sudden and beautiful change. When I looked on her first, her eyes were down- cast, and she was, as I have said, all melan- choly and pale. Her eyes flashed light on me when my name was spoken, and some- thing like a colour came into her cheek. "On a chair close to the sofa sat her father. He had had her other hand in his ; he dropped it suddenly and sharply when I came in, and wheeled round to confront me, and his face flashed a deeper tint, and his teeth clicked together at the sight of me. "Standing at a little distance, and looking wretchedly alarmed and uncomfortable, was my old landlady, Mrs. Lyndon. I am bound to say that her expression of countenance seemed to ask me if I didn't think things were bad enough already, without thus coming to complicate them. "A mirror was over the chimney-piece, straight before me, and in it I could see the face of the elder Lilla, who had introduced me. She looked quite delighted and triumphant. Her very curls spoke saucy triumph. " 'Lilla,' said her uncle, in his harsh, cold voice, 'this is not fair; I did not expect this.' " 'O, Lilla, my dear ! Good gracious,' mur- mured Mrs. Lyndon. "Meanwhile I crossed the room, and approached my Lilla. Her father made a gesture as if he would interpose, but con- trolled himself. Lilla gave me her hand with- out speaking. I kissed it. Her eyes met mine fearlessly and they told me of a generous, confiding love, for one glance of which a man might be glad to die. When she gave her hand to me, she dropped the vine- leaf she had plucked. I took up the leaf and kept it. "All this, of course, occupied not an in- stant of time. "Then Mr. Lyndon addressed me. " 'Mr. Temple, I certainly did not expect to see you here to-day. I do not see what right you had to come;—no, pray excuse me for one moment. A man in my position might naturally and properly decline to see you, or permit your interference in any way, where you certainly have in fact no—well, no—ah—locus standi. But I have a great objection to scenes of all sorts in private life, and we are not now rehearsing "Lucia di Lammermoor ;" therefore, to save argument and scenes, and all that, I consent to admit you for the time to this agreeable family con- ference. Well, then, Mr. Temple. I have come to take home my daughter. I suppose I have a right to do so ? Have you, who honour me by showing such an interest in my affairs, any objection to urge ?' "All this was said, of course, in a tone of cold, grating sarcasm, intended to offend, and yet to stop short of being directly offensive. I was certainly not in the least likely to heed his tone or manner. Why should I ? Had not Lilla's silent face told me enough ? " 'Yes, Mr. Lyndon, I have an objection to urge.' " 'Ha, indeed ? I propose to take home my daughter, who is a minor ; and you, who are an entire stranger, have an objection to urge. Hum, the objection ?' " 'That I am not certain whether Miss Lyndon is satisfied to go.' " 'I am not satisfied to go,' Lilla said. "These were the first words she had spoken. They were pronounced in a low, sweet, melancholy tone. "Mr. Lyndon frowned and bit his lip. An explosion would evidently have relieved him immensely ; but he seemed to have made up his mind not to explode. " 'Why not, Lilla ?' he asked. 'You used to love your home.' " 'I never loved my home much, papa ; but I loved you very much, and I do still, and I always will, if you will let me. But I have been very miserable lately, and I do not wish to go back on the conditions you have spoken of. I don't think we could he happy together. I know I could not be happy.' " 'What childish folly ! Why can we not live as happily as before ?' " 'O, papa,' she said, with a faint crimson now even on her forehead, and tears in her eyes, 'I have told you already ; I have told you many times ; and here, to-day, even before my aunt and cousin, I will tell you again, if you like. I am not ashamed, no, not in the least ; but you might spare me. You know the reason.' " 'In other words, Mr. Temple, my daughter admits that you have enticed her into a clandestine engagement.' " 'I do not, papa ; I do not admit anything of the kind, for it would not be true. There is no clandestine engagement. Mr. Temple has never enticed me into anything. He has held back from me, he has avoided me, like a man of honour and a gentleman. But you ask me to promise never to see him again. I will not promise that ; I cannot promise it.' " 'He offered to promise as much the other day,' Mr. Lyndon said. He offered it, for his part.' " 'I did, Mr. Lyndon, because I was willing to make any sacrifice whatever of my own feel- ings for Miss Lyndon's sake. I would have done anything, promised anything, and kept my promise, that you and she might not be brought into disunion through me. But I did not then know—O, forgive me, Lilla, if I speak too plainly—I did not then feel sure that your daughter's feelings towards me were as deep and lasting as I now believe they are. Providence threw us together, and I learned my own happiness. I will not give it up for any consideration upon earth. Miss Lyndon honours me with her affection ; that gives me a claim and a right beyond anything any other living being can have. No power under heaven shall induce me to resign it.' "Mr. Lyndon's eyes flashed fire. I must say all this time he was a marvel of self- trol and of good breeding—good breeding covering a bitter anger. " 'Mr. Temple, I believe you consider that you owe me some ill-will for having slighted you once or twice. If that is so, even you must admit that you see me in a position of sufficient humiliation, brought about by your means, to atone for all wrongs. Now let me speak plainly to you, and let this extraordi- nary conference, which I never invited, have some practical conclusion. You come here, I assume, to offeryourself as a husband for my daughter?' "I bowed my head. " 'Then, so far as I am concerned, I abso- lutely, and for the second—I hope the last— time, refuse my consent. If my daughter chooses you, she loses me.' " 'O uncle, for shame !' broke in the elder Lilla. " 'Lilla, my dear! Lilla, my own child !' remonstrated her mother. " 'Stuff, mamma ! it is a shame.' "Mr. Lyndon looked at her silently for a moment. I am compelled to say that his niece in no way flinched. He turned away, giving her up apparently as hopeless, and went on :— " 'Now that is my decision : and I distinctly say that it is not to be altered. Of course I cannot control my daughter's actions after she comes of age.' " 'Lilla, my dear,' he said, after a moment's pause, 'you are a generous child. Before you decide you ought at least to know all. You are not, I believe, the first of our family whom Mr. Temple has honoured with his affection ; you are not even the first Lilla Lyndon.' "Lilla turned her eyes on me with an ex- pression which only seemed to say, 'This is a mistake, is it not?' I think my looks re- plied. " 'I believe Mr. Temple was once engaged to my niece yonder.' " 'Never, uncle ; never in my life,' calmly replied Lilla the elder. 'Mr. Temple never spoke a word of love to me, nor I to him. He was no more engaged to me than to mamma.' " 'Oh, Lilly dear !' interposed her mother, shocked at the apparent levity of the com- parison. " 'But you gave me to understand, you did yourself,' said Lyndon, wheeling round and sternly confronting his niece. " 'A pious fraud, uncle,' replied the young lady, quite unabashed. 'And not so much of a fraud either, for it was rather implied than expressed.' " 'A deceit, then, was practised on me—for what purpose ?' " 'Asort of deceit ; but Mr. Temple had nothing to do with it ; never heard of it until it was done, and then was horribly ashamed and amazed. I had no reason to be flattered, I can tell you ; and I was very sorry for it, because the purpose—a stupid idea of mine, uncle, to get your interest and influence— wholly failed ; I had my shame for my pains, that's all.' " 'Perhaps it was also by some delusion or deception of the kind that I have been led to believe Mr. Temple was engaged to another lady at one time, a lady whom I know, a lady, in fact who belongs to his own profes- sion.' Mr. Lyndon was now growing very in- tense in his manner, and he kept his lips closely together. 'I don't care to meation the lady's name ; but Mr. Temple will hardly say he does not know whom I mean.' " 'I know perfectly well, Mr. Lyndon.' " 'I believe I am not wrong in saying that you endeavoured to induce that lady to marry you?' " 'You are not wrong.' A flash of triumph came into Mr. Lyndon's face, and he looked eagerly round at his daughter. She had been listening with an expression of quiet confident half-smiling contempt to all this cross-examination, and when the final question came she glanced up towards me as before. When I gave my answer the colour rushed to her cheeks, and a hurt and startled expression came over her. She half rose from the sofa, and an - clamation of surprise and pain broke from her. " 'Habet !' observed Mr. Lyndon in a quiet undertone. "Lilla the elder raised her eyebrows in wonder. " 'You are not wrong, Mr. Lyndon,' I said quite calmly; and then I turned to his daugh- ter. 'Listen, Lilla ; you have a right to a full explanation, and there is nothing for me to be ashamed of, or for you to condemn. If there was, I should not now be here. Lilla, some dozen years ago, when I was hardly more than a boy, I loved the woman your father speaks of. She was then a poor girl ; I loved her dearly ; we thought to have been married ; but we were both poor, and she looked for some brighter career than I could give her ; and I don't blame her. She left me, and for 10 years I never even saw her. I loved her passionately all that time ; I wasted the remainder of my youth and much of my manhood in fruitless love for her. When at last we met again she was married. I think, or I then thought, that I loved her still—at least I loved her memory. I saw you, Lilla, and I came to know, not all at once, but gradually and sorely, that I loved her no more. I loved you. That is the whole story, as true as light. Twelve years ago, when you were a little child, I loved that woman. She is still my dear friend, and always, please God, shall be. I love you now better than all the world—better than memory, or youth, or hope, or, I believe, than Heaven !' "Tears were in Lilla's eyes. She made no answer, but quietly, confidently, put her small white tender hand in mine, and with the lightest, faintest, dearest pressure of faith and affection told me I was believed and loved. Mr. Lyndon's shot had wholly missed ; in fact his piece had burst, and wounded him with the splinters.'' We need not follow the story any longer to its legitimate conclusion, but can heartily recommend the book to all who are in quest of a really good novel. 