THE SANDHURST VINEYARDS. (BY OUB 8ANDETJB8T CORRESPONDENT.) 1 ' After I bad performed the tour of the Emu, Sheepwash, and Axe creeks, I next directed my attention westward and visited Bullock Creek, an agricultural district situated about eight miles jweet from Sandhurst. There is a Wonderful'sameness in the soenery in the Ben* digo district, it consisting almost without ex* ■jceptibn of quarts hills, covered With young box ^nd ironbark, whioh are only bushes as yet, hnd give to the landscape the only pleasing' {feature it presents. Booking at these bushes from a distance, especially where they are ^hick, put me in mind of a billowy aea of ieavee iof a vejy dark bue, with an old veteran tree standing up here and there, like the mast of a ^hip that was being fast drawn down into the jdepthi. After leaving the bustle of " the frietropolb of the north," Sandhurst, I felt jrery lonely as I entered'the intense solitudes; intervening between the busy town and the igiiipt but pleasant rpral settlements, solitudes unbroken by.even tbe.apng of the bellbird, whope delicious notes make the most, solitary portions of the bush in, other parts seem jpcOpled with something bright *nd: pleasant. . Ifow and then I: batfle across gullies the beds Of whioh were rooted up in all directions, and had' oticb been the hoene of active mining jopeftttbu/bift Wei* bow ghosts of the piitt, jevi^enops of b^ohe aptivlty, oauiing much {the; M|^sp^|aVl^b^ t^ot^gh of oourie in a lpss d«- > jgrep, thst pne would feel when heme$,wbh a, broken piUfr iaeome sandy faete.in Egypt,. gpeakiug eloquently, though mutely, of the struggling ages of a past existence. Although mining has died away in these parts, however, it has riBen in others, and on my way to the Vineyards I came aoross a prospecting party jout in the wilds who had got spine beautiful specimens from a loader they had recently out, and who were confident of being yet more successful. The flats being much more extensive, and the soil more suited for cereals in the Bullock Greek district, greater attention has been paid there to the golden grain of Ceres than the purple fruit of Baochus. Australian farmers always stick to the immediate if possible; they don't at all like the prospective, and more especially is this the characteristic of British farmers. The Italians and Germans are more patient and far-seeing. Of late, however, a greater disposition has been manifested in this settlement to enter with more spirit into vine culture, and I have not the slightest doubt Bollock Creek will yet become famous as a wine-growing place. The table grapes grown on this creek surpass in aize, it is affirmed, and I have good reason for adhering to this opinion, those of any district round Sandhurst. The aspects are bad, however, through the slope of the country, which falls from Sand hurst in a westerly direction, so that almost all the vineyards on Bullook Creek iiaoe the west. Whether it is this or the low position in which the vineyards are planted, the spring frosts often prove exceedingly destructive in this neighbourhood. There iB very little wine made on the creek, and a large quantity of the grapes grown on it this year has been sold to Italians in Sandhurst, who manufacture it into wine. En passant, I may here remark that the crops were very good this season, and that the district was entirely free i from plagues of every deeoription, with the ex ception of the intolerable aphis, which were very bad on the fruit-trees, flowers, and vegetables. The homesteads are comfortable, and an air of ease and plenty seems to per vade every farmhouse, very pleasing to see. . The first vineyard I visited was that of Mr. jWinyar. It is situated right on the bank of the creek, in stifl^red clay, and has a bold westerly aspect. HEn previous years, Mr. Winyar's table grapes were famous for their magnificent Bize and good flavour, but the bail, which visited him more heavily than any other person in the district, nearly destroyed the crop utterly this year. He has about four acres in bearing, and off this has only made three and a half hogsheads of wine, while he made twelve hogsheads last year. Previous to he hail the crop promised to be a really magnificent oae. Burgundy is the wine grape fnost cultivated here, and the Wortley HaU variety grows splendidly. Higher np the creek is the neat little vineyard of Mr. Lapsley, contain ing about three acres. This vigueron, strange to say, has more froutignao than any other grape. He has made no wine, but sold all to the Italians, who, in the absence of the proposed colonial wine company, go about buying the grapes of vine-growers who do not understand the making of wine, or have not the requisite conveniences. The Black 8t. Peter's ie an immense favourite on Bollock Creek. It is most prolific, and the.bunches grow to a great size, some weighing 71b., 8lb., and 91b., but I do not like their flavour, and they command an Inferior price in the market. Mf. WalliB has a email vineyard of about three and a half acres opposite Mr. Lapsley's ; the hail did him an immense amount of damage. Farther up the creek are the vineyards of Mr. J. Esler and M. Buedon. Esler'a vineyard was first formed by Br. Sorley, of Eaglehawk, at, I believe, a cOBt of cIobo on £200 an acre (it was in the expensive times). Br. Sorley had it trenched three feet deep, and any quantity of bones put underneath. The frost began attacking the vines in the spring, when they were about two or three years old,and the vineyard was allowed to decay. How it has been taken up by an energetic man, and is wonderfully looking up. It will |be a splendid vineyard by and by Mr. Esler sold bis grapes also. M. Buedon has gone into wine growing eon amore, and bis vineyard, cellar, &c.;, are modeh. He has had a good crop; be escaped from the hail, and generally speaking, the quality where the hail did not come, all over Bullock Creek, is of an exceedingly excellent description. The largest vineyard and establishment on Bullock Creek is that of Mr. Thomas Glover, J.P., who has founded, down near the township of Marong, as jAfeaeant a homestead as one would desire to see. He has a great many vines, and has made 750 gallons of wine, mataro and ohas selas. The arrangements of Mr. Glover's orchard and vineyard surprised me very much, in fact I was " knocked up" with meeting euch comforts out in what I called "the bush." By means of a force pump of excellent construction, water is supplied to the house, garden, and vineyard in any quantity, and with little labour or trouble, from the creek. They may aay what they please about farms in the vicinity of Melbourne, but I think I can assert that for ease, comfort, and convenience, Bendigo forme and vineyards put them completely into the shade. I found that vine culture bad by no means made such rapid strides iu the Bullock Creek > district as 1 could have desired, aod that the vignerons lacked that knowledge of vines—I may esy love of them—which is charaoteristto of the Bbeepwesh, Axe, and Emu Creek people;' I hut for all this I saw plainly enough that the growing of the grape la making very rapid strides, and that the place is well juitea for it. I noticed particularly that «t Mr. Glover's the vine* flourished magnificently on this heavy "red Dick," of which ope portion, of the tineyard is composed,, .and which some people were insane enough some time ago to suppose would grow nothing. It' ie rather curious' how all tEe learned theories advanced. With such confidence- fall to the ground when submitted, to a practical test. Practical effort will develop What theorists' never could by any prooess of reasoning imagine. At a special general meeting of the members of the Geelong and Western District Agricul tural and Horticultural Society held onoatur iday last, Mr, Alex. Mackenzie was elected representative to the Board of Agriculture in place of the Hon. C. Sladen, at present in England. The planting committee was authorised to prooeed with the planting of the grounds with treee, Mr. Birnie having offered1 to supply > a choice collection. It was resolved tq give the psual -subsidy of £15 to the forthcoming district plonghing mtoch i committee *>n the satner conditions as for merly., ■ 