FEMALE SUFFRAGE. . Some few Women, whose names have remtuno npon the register, have hers and there contrived to vote. Bat the great heat of 50,000 claimants hu bean disappointed. Their appeal against the revising karris tera hsa baea finally overruled. Ia the Ceun of Common Pleas, before tbs Lord Chief Justice asa ths three meat ezperisnsed puisne jadges, the nrst sate taken, which was decisive of the question, from Manoheater, where .the names of 5,546 femus claimants had been expunged bom the lists, f Coleridge, with mnsh ability and with an ingesi°a> ttse of pteoadenta, eon landed in their behalf thai women had « right to ths franchise, whioh they expressed iu ancient times, and whioh modern lego* lation had not taken from (hem. In support ot tu* argument he quoseda number of ancient statu 1 ®! •Mnmeocing with oas passed in the reign of HeUT IT, maintaining that, whatever 10 ihoss olden u®^ justifiedarn in taking part in elections als> juttinso woman in doing ao; and pointing ont instances 1 wluch the DUUS of women had been st^ched «® important iadentures ratorauig members to rnenV He urged also that ia certaia parish m 1 """ the right of woman to vote—as, for instanoe, m elaoaanof assxtoQ—had beenaoomded. He like™" aiiufttfaal in bed Baauly's Act it w»i euaM infotów «Ut«» the male gender should include ^Caleouless the contrary wss expressly provided »d thrt in the New Reform Act there was no e„ch " sxpiera L Pro™» movisien. » *»» cnturiee, " a « wom KaKbit ® h " d non- DOt " 3 Ł had forked . disfranchise,,.. The "^Thowvex. who g.ve tb-ir decision. eepsialely, r L t X o " ttai. uninterruptedprwt.ee of • «Here unsnlmous I. the opinion thai Tr^r.'n™ ufficienl authority for saying tb* by I t^mon h> women had » right to vole for ^mCsoVp^Hement Mf. in the last Before Let did ®ot uioluds J°2. «,a tb.i if it did, still women would come SEuTt erm -incap.rit.ted" s? Mnressing concurrence, hoped that the • «n.d«ision ot the Court, coming so soon TTeTndWdrf judgment of the Cnrt of Session would LTer ley .he ghost of sdoubt "J^riouldnever have arisen. It WM.bsurd to ths, I0 Errat an innovation eonld be earned »npp<»® ™ „enmenn. or by curious discussions oTrbu. it U not likely .he public hl h«rathel..t of this question. 1%. ladies arsjuBtnow too ambitious to accept defeat in 