THE CIVIL SEEYICE. The Betrenciimcnt Cry wrs the watchword of the late, na it is tho countersign of the prosout1 Ministry, aud tho country by this time must see the value of it. Scarcely a Gazette is issued but some dopartmont ot the Otvil' Hcr- vico receives au accession 'of - strougtli, aud wliilo our population is decreasing our olHcials aro iucreasing. We certniuly tako, lor a suiall-cotumunity,' a great deal of governing. .Every fresh Ministry thpro is a "swartn'' to' bo provided for, which the Government Gazette usually hiyossotnewhercor another. The powers of incubation - which this .official publication; !)ossesses a'ro absolutely tnarvnllous-itud es- faustloss; thore seems to bo no limit, to its brood, so much so, that the' employment of artificial means is almost suggested. Patron age sits close,, audno Booner brings out one clutch than the hatching, process -is resumed by the Ministry. Some time siiiee, wliilo en gaged in endeavoring to .point out the iinrne- uiuto nnd absolute necessity of a eompre- honsive ulnri oi rotreuchmout,- we took occa sion to glaneo at the army of Civil servants which has insensibly, but we fear too eflectu- ally, contrived to quarter itself upon us, and wo tako this early opportunity of further in vestigating it. The almost universal eolhuwo of the British Civil Service during the Cri mean .war had tho immediate eileet of con centrating public attention on its deficiencies, and led, if not to a thorough reform, at least to a very great-, aud as is admitted, a radical change and ..improvement. With a, 'material, essentially good at bottom, and with tho aid of coinpotitivo examinations, supplemented by certain rights while in employment, and su perannuation claims, a"tolorably -effective body 'lias boeu got together, though it is still as yet on its trial. No sooner was this great busi ness fairly undor weigh than tho colonies, always imitative, though sometimes grotes quely so, began to follow suit with their trum pery establishments, aud 110116 so zealously as the Australian colonies. Acts wore at once passed, in New South "Wales and Victoria, orccting the Civil Service into a kind of can/e, dividing it intoclasscs,fixingits pay wit h sonio- tliing like military precedent, guarding it from possible ill usage, aud protecting , it from any infringement of its rights, by dismissal or otherwise, except uuder stringent lixed rules, and giving it rights of appeal to the Executive Government, with ultimate appeal to Parlia ment itself. ; Not to be outdone in this patri otic and praiseworthy cause, the handful of people, who with their tow scores of officials composed the colony of Queensland in 18G3, passed an Act of Parliament, chiefly in imita tion of those of New South Wales nnd Vic toria, and supplemented -it by another Act in 18G4. Ev these Acts the Civil Service is con stituted into a kind of Corporation, with rights of no small magtiituUo aud importance. Its . system of appointment, promotion, leave of absence, allowance, dismissal, and retiring pension, aro all carefully regulated, aud the limitation -which in the first Act excluded many officers connected with the Supremo .Court, the Houses of Parliament, aud the Police, was removed by tho second Act, which admits all parties iu the public servico. It is also provided that a Superannuation Fund shall bo formed, to which every civil servant shall nnnually contribute two per ceut of his salary, in return for which lie is, after ten years service, to receive one-fourth, or fifteen- sixteenths of his salary, nnd ono-sixtiotli more" for each additional year, until it reaches, hut must not exceed, two-thirds of tho salary. Wo are uot uwuro whether this yearly pay ment is calculated to provide the promised return, but judging from the circumstances of New South Wales, whoso precedent are fol lowed as to the Bill, wo are afraid it is far from being so. Upwards of a year siuee the Civil Service Superannuation Fund of Now South Wales was submitted to the inspoction of a competent Actunry in Sydney, who re ported, to the c.ousternatiou of tho Govern ment, ; that it was based upon tho most un sound principles ; that within fifteen to twonty yetu's it-would break down, enriching the old officers who had begun to pay late in life, aud would leave nothing to the young ones when their time came, ;uuless the colony made the fund sound by paying down at once the sum of say two hundred, thousand pounds. Tho wiseacres who framed if had assumed a com- " mon starting point, but taken no note of dis crepancy .oi; age, and heiico tbe result. "With out claiming the gift of prophecy, and having no Actuary, within call, wo yet venture confi- dently. to : predict, ;,that, when our superannua tion system is examined, it will be found to be mainly- a reproduction of that of New South Wales, and. if it differs in any respect, it' will only bo in the way of blundering, and certainly to the disadvantage of this colony. Wo know our marks too well to doubt that such will be tho upshot of the enquiry should it he made. Our present purpose, however, is:- to eiiter our protest against the senseless " cockering" up of this class of people. Ia noticing tho care that is taken to secure their present aud future comfort, a foreigner, ignor ant of our ways, would be disposed to thiuk that tlioy were the palladium of tho 'colony, that they held socioty together, and that they were the sole bar to anarchy and confusion in the State. The concession of such privileges has, iu England, been gravely questioned, not- withstanding., the' number, the education and social standing of tho body combined, with the magnitude of the interosts. which they administer. How much more ought such a policy to be questioned with us wlioro, except unfortunately tho numbers which aro still larger in proportion, there exists no other similarity. The education, the social stand ing, and the character of our Civil Service, are perhaps as good as could be expected from the material out of which they have been re cruited. Every one in difficulty- or in debt has instinctively gravitated to their side ab to another cave of Abullau, and we rather thiuk v - it would be difficult to find in any other or ganised body in the British Empire such tv motley collection of uon-doscripts. And theso aro tho people wo go out of our way to pro- toct against themselves, nud to guard whoso old age, and for whom wo must needs turn life 'assurors, with tho certainty Of boing cheated — and all this for tho maladministra tion of a revenuo scarcely excooding that of a marquisato or a British dukedom. It is true the satno power that brought us under these responsibilities can relieve us, and that we may retrace our steps and repeal th6 Acts. The sooner this is dono tlio bettor, ' but it must .be douo quickly before y6sted interests jarieo which we wnl either' bo compelled to compensate or incur the stigma of repudia- tion. ; , ' ; 'To') Correspondents. — A " Shareholder " 'in our next issue. A Lame Case. — Richard Swann, n Chinaman',' on Thursday. laBt sued II. Y. Laitson, publican at \Vosl- wood, (jr. £10, tho viilud of a horso alleged to havb boon detained or destroyed . by tlio ni'Rligoneo of defendant. It scorns that Swiinnhnd borrowed a horso up tho country for tlio purpose of travelling to Rock- hiimpton. Upon his arriving- at Cox's .Creek, it few milos from .West wood, tho. horse knocked up. Swann then walked into VVostwood with his bridle and saddle aud'left tho horso. behind him. Ho eallcd in at. Dun- son's mid mcntionod to him how ho was situated and statod that, if ho (LiiiiRbn) would sond for tlio horso and bring' liim in lie would giro him 5s. Mr. Lansou sont out his man, Crisp, who found tho aniinai in a doplorablo stuto. Ho, howovor, managed to lend him , to tho water.; He then put, liiiu bit 'good grass anil left liira, visiting him sevoral times afterwards — on. one occasion iio found him bogged und cxtricatod hlin. On his just visit thu horse whs lying dead by tlic sido of tho wator-hole. Plaintiff brought the action to recover tlio value of tho luirso, Mr. Milfurd contending that death had been caused by thu neglect, ol the defendant who had mado himself builuo. -.Tnuir Worships, how- \- evor.-diroofcly gavo' a vordiet -for defonuaut with £6 4s. costs. . . ; Diving Apparatus.- — Tbe purehiiscrs of tlio wrook of tho Jane Lo'ckhart , schooner, being desirous to Bet to work as soon as possible and to put every engine into operation; to. seeuro tlio cargo, made an appli cation to tlio Harbor-Mastor here for tlio loan of tho diving apparatus belonging to tlio Dredge; Captain Bundle directly tplegrapliod to Lieut. Heath, Port Maslur, Brisbane, to know whether ho weuld lend tlio apparatus for tlio purpose required. An answer was roooiv'od stating that it was in tlio Colonial Stores and that it could not bo lent. Upon this, application was mado to the Hon. T. II. Fitzgerald, tho Colonial Treasurer, who without loss of lime telegraphed to -Brisbutio upon tlio subject, and immediately an answer cmno to linnd from Liout. lJoutli intimating that ho bad discovered that tho apparatus alluded to waj on board tho Dredge, and that it was at the servico of t lie appli cants. Lieut. Houtli at llio aanio time l-egreited tint any delay should havo takon place in acceding to tho request. Yestordny afternoon a bout was despatched to tho Drodgo with men to try the apparatus, and if found to answor tho required purposes work will bo directly commenced upon tho wreck. The Forced Handicap. — 3omo dispute appears to havo arisen relative to tho Forced Handicap . Racot which took place at Lion Creek on Tuosday last ; I, ho particulars, so far as wo eon gather, are us follows : — Just lis it was getting dusk on Tuesday oyaning, noiico wus given that tho stewards were going down to outer horses for tho Forced Handicap, and aC tlio same time all tlioso who wore dosirous of ontoring losing horses wore requested to bo as quick us possible, but as no one presented himself tho judge declared from tho box thu handicap closed with the following weights : — Miokoy Free, 9st 7lbs; Boomerang, list 21b.-; Jackaroo, flat 7!bs ; Flying Fish, Oat. As tho horses were about to starr, Mr; Mulligan eaiuo to tlio sie.vnrds, und demanded that his horse "Sly Boots'' should be allowed to run. He .was told that tho outvies were olosud, and that it was impossible to accept, un ontruneo alter declaration. Mr. Mulligan, however, stated lliat it ytiv, tits i,, lotion io mm hi horaa, and again requested tlio stewards to ueeopt tlio entrance fco. Ttlia, however, they refused and declared Sly Bocts not in the raco. Nevertheless, &Ir.; Mulligan brought his horse to the scratch, start ud, end passed the winning post first; Mickey Free following liiin just ahead of Boomerang. Mickey Fred -was declared the winner, and the owner of Boomerang entered a protest nguiiiei 81v Boots for having started without boing duly ei.:ored. Wo understand Mr. jMulliguii's joekoy wi.s neither weighed out nor in. Mr. Mulligan belieros himself nggriurcd and - will must likaly make some statement. A Strange Case. — On Wodnosdny lost an action was brought by a minor kn own ns liill, the Planter, against another miner, Jemmy. Moy, botli late of Morinish. Mr. D'Arey fur plaintiff, and Mr. Milford for defendant. This wus an notion brought to roeovor the sum of £30 upon a pro. nolo which bad boon given us part pgrehaso for u half sliuro in n prospecting area on a reef taken up by plaintiff; the purchase wus made by the defendant in uonscquciiuu of tho plniiililf exhibiting to him auroral rich specimens of quartz, ivhieli lie (plaintiff) represented us having been taken from tlio reef in question, Tlio defendant, agreed to purclutso tbe half share for £120, paying down £10 in eusli, und giving pro. notes for tho £110, payable at lung dates, ho taking possession mid working the claim, which lie found lo bo valueless. Tlio defendant, pleaded that the signatures to the pro. notes had been, fraudently obtained from liim, therefore ho was not liable. Mr. Milford took tlio following technical ob joeiions — " Tlml.' Jlio original jurisdiction of the Petty Debts Court was £10, I lit wus afterwards extended to £30. In tho consolidation Statutes of 1867, Sect, li, thu umouiit of £10, iho original jurisdiction of thu Court, was orrunooualy retained. Tho clause reading thus: " In ease tho defendant in any action shall ap pear to havo given bills of oxuhange or pro. notes for the payment of any debt, originally above tlio amount of- jiirisdictiou created by this Act, but which bills or ltotos are sopurato cccurity for. a sum not cxcoodilig £10, each bill or noto shall be regarded us forming a distinct and separate contract, and may be sued upon und rooovorod.in t lie suino'way as any other debt' re coverable undor Lhis Act." Mr. D'Arey for tho de fendant, said the clauso was certainly a. most extra ordinary .. oue— -Mr. Millard agreed with him — but their Worships were, bound to read tlio Act as it stood ; consequently ho submitted that their Worships had no jurisdiction. In this opinion the magistrates ugiieod, and declined to hear tlio ease. Municital Council.— Tho'tisunl" fortnightly moot ing of the Municipal Counoil lapsed on Thursday last for want of a quorum, there boing present only the Mayor, Alderman Jonos, Grant, aud Ferguson. Thu "Comet." — Wo understand that tho Comet, a powerful steamer belonging to Sydney, is about to bo laid on between tliut oity and Rookhampton ; she will bo commanded by our old friend Cnptuiu Haiulyn, Into captain of tho Queensland, and wo havo no donbt but that under ' his ubio mnnagoraent tlio steamer will reoeivo a largo share of support, especially if, ns' wo hear, that tho freight and faros will be considerably lower than those charged by tho A.S.N. Company. Telegraphic.— Mr. Thomas' Illidgo, who has heou stationed at Rockhumpton as Telegraphic lino re pairer for Bomo considerable tiino, has, we wo uro glad to hoar, been appointod Telegraph Slation-mustor at Marlborough. Coast Stations. — On sevoral of tho coaBt stations Christmas 1ms been kept up nftor the good old fashion, and at Raspberry Creek, Mount Ueudlow, and other plm cs; exeellont races added to tho pleasure of tlio holiday milkers. Wo Hour that rain has boon plenti ful all along tlio const, oxcept at Bankscn, wlioro it fell rather sparingly, although on tlio neighbouring stations of Tilpitl and Glen i'rario it caiuo down in torrents. Tho- grass is of courso plentiful, in many places being more than a foot high. Stone Creek. — Tho news from Stony Crook con tinues to be of a favorable otiuractor, gold being found in many instnneos in good puytiblo quantities. Largo numbers oi people are on too ground, and prospecting is being curried out with much spirit. Several claims during tho last few days have struck gold, from one of' which 26 dwts. were taken oli tho bottom. Tub Cattle Trade. — New Zealand is again making a demand on our stock market for beoi'. and there is at present orery probability of it increasing. We learn that sevoral .shipments are about to' be mado from our local const stations, und that tho agent oi the puruhuscr, Cnptuiu Johnson, has agreed to tuko us many ns can bu fattened of which no approvos. A (ow days ago a ntob' of 170 head from Mr. J. Black's station, Glen gFrnirio, was shipped at Gladslouo, at £4 Itis'per bond cash. ; l'nn Salamander. — On Wednesdny Inst Mr." Gannon invitod a largo nutnbor of friends to witness tlio starting of his orashing miiuhinu at tho Crocodile. As thu day w»B flno, without being oppressively hot, tho number of guosts assembled, generally speaking from the (surrounding districts, -wus sufficiently ovidenl, to provo what doop intorost was felt in thu success of tho enterprise. Tito sito chosen by Mr. Gannon i; forlunatu; the neighborhood being exceedingly pretty, woll timbered, and plentifully supplied with witur, whilo the mnohinc, planted on a slight ominonoo, hue no olianoo of boing nffuolud by ui flood, oi- the swalling of tlio urook. A valley at the roar of the building reociyos tho. wasto waters,, and a wollisomo 28 feet in depth; fed by an under current, will furnish an amplii, unci it is thoroughly believed, ondloss supply of wator. Tho slfud tinder which tho plant is oreotod is of a'abmo- wlmtdilleront form'ofooiistruetion to'tlioso wo liayo before 'soon, and uppoiirs oxeoedinglv' convoniont. The bod of the muoiiino is massive, and tlio machine itself— with ton 'stampers, each 5 uwt-.— is of tuumost modern construction, with nil the rccont improvements. Tlio'-, ongmo— ono of lloliy's best— is sufficiently powerful; to keep going twonty stumpers, und it' mutters turnout us anticipated, it is not improbablo that another machine will bo touring . away on its. now disengaged sido. By 1 o'clook a large company was ou tho ground awaiting the steam shriek which was to giro notioo when Mr. J. Dunu, tho manager, declared everything ready for action. Wo wore much plcuso t to boo so many of tho wives and families of tlio miners present, and still mora ploasod to soo thom look soohcorful and neatly dressed, proving that roughing it had not made thuiu forgot tlioir ourly associations. The number of children was beyond count. ; some mothers' having hidf-n-dozcu hanging on by the apron strings anil ono or two iu arms, all cooing' away ivitli delight at tho confusion and bustle around them. At about 2 olclock 'everything was roudy; tho bottle of champagne prettily dogprnted was hung against, tlio wheel of tho j'ongino, iiiuT Miss Kelly, of Gruuomeru, '//rneefully und ntnid loud hurrah's, plaudits and ii succession ,o( wild and fantastic shrieks of delight from the - engine broke I bo bottle and eallcd tlio iron-ribbed and ilnry-breat h- ing child by the apt niiuio of the Salamander. Mr. Gallium thou mounted on tho machine and said " Ladies und Gentlemen, — I am taken Bomewhat by Burpriso. 1 nioa.it to have spukun a few words to you before my child was baptised in olnunpagiie, and I was not uwuro that tlio ceremony was about to bo performed so noon. Howovor, you will just allow mo to thank you for having honored tnu with your company, and, secondly to congratulate tlio miners lliut n machine ia creeled in tho uoiilru of this uurifuitous district; and I do sincerely hope it will pay them and pay me. It is a speculation ou my past. I h. vo laid out my money and I trust that every one connected with mining iu this part of tlio country. will be beiioiilod. I havo called the tuuclline tho " Balamiiiider," because years ago wliun there were hut four war steamers in his Majesty .King William's: navy. I ha I tlio honor of belonging to ono of them, and that ono was tho "8ula- munder." Mr. Gunnon then declared luiv glad ho was to sue so many of the wives and children of hard working-men uround him, and nl'trr complimenting ' the miners upon t.lioir pluck and onorgy, ho concluded by calling for three cheers fur tlio " Siduimuidor." We need not say that Mr. Gannon could hardly get on with ilia Bpeuch from, tlio loudly expressed applause which followed every time lie paused. Mr. It. H. D. White then mounlott. aloft and proposed tlio health and prosperity of Mr. thililion ami too minors of tlio Crocodile. Tlio coremouy over, lunch was pronounced (o bu ready and " fall to" wus tlio order of tlio hour ; I the gentlemen waiting most attentively ou tliu liulius, ot eoursu picking out (ho tit bits for tlio inexpressive slies Mr. May furnidifcd a first-rate tabic. Ducks were very soon swimming piocomunl in iinything but water, und roosters, without u crow left in them, wore dissected in tho sumo way us the unfortunate young lady whoso ghost waited upon " You.ig William" and tula iiiin liim how villniiiously her limbs hud boon dis tributed iu tlio various London hospitals. The ham , a noble-looking fellow when thu knife was llratjiiit into him, cut in a lew minutes a peculiarly forlorn appear- aiiuc, while the rounds of beef and the sweats vanished as if by magio. Tiio beer, grog, lemonade, mid ginger- beer found plenty of customers, nud late in tho ut'ter- noon thu mirth "grow fast aud furious," und ultumpts wore made to got 1141 11 scrimiiuigo or t o but without eileet. Everything iiassed oil' well. The machine worked to admiration — there wus not a hitch anywhere, and tlio stampers rose und fell us if tliuy had had .yours nf prualioo. M,« Dunn is evidently the right: mail in tlio right plaue, and thoroughly understands what lie is uboui ; both lie and Mr. Gannon havo the implicit, confidence of tho miners, aud as tho reefs rjund about aro numerous and rich, there is 110 doubt but l.but the Crocodile will evuiituully become ono of our most vuluablo gold fields, thanks to the enterprise of Mr. Guuuoii and to tho pluck" und energy of the miners. New Buildings. — In spite of the badness of the times, and of the croakings of those who will look only to the dark side of the cloud, without considering that it has a silver lining, shops and warehouses are still built and hotel's re-erected in Rockhampton. Some short time since Mr. Brodnitz commenced to re-build the Albion Hotel, which was nearly destroyed by fire in November, 1867, and it is now fast approaching com pletion ; when finished, we understand that Mr. Halligan, of the Lion Creek Hotel, will take possession and play the part of landlord. We now find that Mr. Brodnitz is about to build two brick shops between the Albion Hotel and the shop of Mr. Beed, the to- bacconist, and thus will be filled up the ugly gap in that portion of East-street, and no trace of the fire will be left, save in Denham- Street. New Rush. — Wo boar Micro is a rush to a reef on Mr. Ailiorton's, Bmnoyeii Run, tho stone from wliioli is reported to bo of a superior character j Mm where- uboula is not oxautly known, but tlio prospectors ere expeeted in town to-day. . Local Industre. — It is very muoh tho fashion in Koekliampton to suppoBo that our various artisans aud mechanics are not ablo to compete with their brethren in tho Southern colonies, nud us 11 con sequence, if anything is required to bo done, which calls for skill or neatness of workmanship, it is directly sent to Sydney or to Melbourne.- Now, this is not only unwise because it is not encouraging local labor, l hereby prcyehting perfection to bo acquired by practice, but tlio idea is in itself fulso, ns foots will prove, if up- purtunity be affordod. It must bo remembered that if bud workmen leave Groat Britain for tlio colonies, so do good ones, and wo arc juet an likoly to obtain u fair proportion of tlio latter ns tiny of tlio sister towns. That, no man is u prophet in his own country, is literally truo in tlio turgor number oi instances, but bore we go furtliur still; wo contemptuously ask whether it is possible an able mutt can be fuund ill Koekliampton, mid yet, wo happen to know that wo have amongst us prnaticul first-class workmen, who will turn out )tlioir goods oquel in ovory respect to tlioso of Sydney, Molbourne und London. ,. Wo were furnished with un instance of tlio correctness of our opinion 011 Thursday lust ; Mr. R. H. D. While no- oidontly broke tho stock of an old uud favorite double- barrel gun, wliioli has dropped liim wild ducks by tlio scores, nd broughtmanyusmpeup short as it was shoot ing oil' at an unglo. He took tlio gun to Mr. Arnold requesting him to re-stock it, selecting lor tliu purposo u fine chump of walnut wood, jand giving him full instructions us to tho bund aud shoulder (It-. When the stook was finished Mr. White kindly brought it' round to us to look at, and wo unhositatiugly Bay it is 0110 of tho. finest piocos of workmanship wo ovor luoked upon. Wo Iihyo hud good guiiB, and have an affection for them, and lovo tlio musio of a woil spoken lock, and havo a special pleasure in glinting along a smooth bore, and wo therefore wore delightoii to find Micro wus a man in Ruckhauiptou who could turn oat. such a specimen of work. Tlio fittiugs woro udmirably exact und tho curving |truo as. tho aim of tho owner of tho gun. Tlio wood is of ilno grain aud polished us the fuco of a mirror, whilo no Sydnoy man would huvo charged so moderate a priuo for the job. As tho fact is now known wo hope for tlio future that theso who are uufortuiiato onougli to smash Mioir stocks will follow tlio example oi Mr. Wliito, and patronise local industry. Wo havo no doubt but that in many other iiistancos pcoplo could bu found who aro in ovory re- spoct equal Ui tlioso below, and it is because we aro too idlo to look fur them, or too cureless about em ploying thorn, that so many good Jiands leave for tlio diggings and sook u livelihood in a manner utterly foreign to their tustos or to their bringings up, Cuocodile, — Mr. Gannon's machine, tlio Salaman der, oominoncod 011 Thursday morning with 60 tons of stone from tho Frenchman's Reef, aud ns tlio pro- . spools obtained were of a payable cliaruotur, tho owners anticipate a fair return. Bomo seven hundred tuns of quartz uru ready for tho inaohiuu, und commissions will flow iu thick and last as soon as it is provod that tho gold saving properties of tlio plant aro satisfactory. Tliu ninohino will: crush up to 120 tons per week', hut tho quantity necessarily depends very imiuh upon the . nature of tho stono, hut from what we can hear there, is littlo ohuuco- of Iho statupora standing still from want of food ' . . .- What Opposition Will Do.— A great reduc tion will immediately tuko pluoo iu tho freight and fares between Syrlnoy and- Bowon and Olovelaud Bav. The faro which to Bowon used to bo £10, is to bo lowered to £3, and- an equally great reduction will be tuatlu to M10 Bay Tlio A.3.N. Oo, -uru apparently do- tormuiod if potsiblo 10 run the Haeilah off, but tlio pooplo should be o.pially determined upon keeping her . on, und tho muttur is in their own builds. If tho Comet should bo pluoed on from Sydney to Rock humpton,. and or this,, wo believe, there is no doubt, wemuyoxpoot to find that the A.S N. Oo. will adopt a similar system of endeavoring tu got rid of q for midable rival. -: . Caution,— A caae was triod in the Putty Debts .Court on Thursday, which proves how 'earyi'ul pur chasers at auction sales ought to bo. Johnson ,and Co., uuotionoors, sued F. Ransluy, furniture maker and. , broker, for the sum .of £1 12s. tlio amount of goods . purehasod by him ut un auction salo held by plaintiffs ; at t ho Ulster Arms 011 the 23rd Deeoinbur, 1863. Mr. .Milford for the pluhitiffs. ' .From thu ovidoneo it uppcars that tho conditions of tho salo woro duly road, and that by t hum delivery was to bo tukon by purchasers directly nftor sale, otherwise goods to rumuin at their risk, on tho'proinisos. Ransley bought sevoral articlos ainouiiting.in all to the sum of £4 12s. amongst which a stovo;\vqs: knocked down to hini.ut £2 10s. with - all faults. Delivery was given aftor tho salo, and Ransley was the jirily :buyor who did not remove his goods; neither diddto raise any. objootion at tlio timo of pur- ehiibo. Next-'moriuiig application wob mado to him. for tho £4 12s; ; ho M1011 declined to tako 4ho stove, suiting it was. nut sound us guaranteed, but was willing to ruinovo the other good lie hud bought. Messrs. Johnson Mien. pl'auod-. tho. matter in tlio hands of their solicitors. Mrl'-Davis and clork both swore that tho conditions of subs'-Were. road ; Mint tho stove was not guaranteed, us it was: known to bo faulty, and Mint Kimsioy ptirohused it with his oyes open. The broken portions of the .stove lud boon pulled out und oxhibitod liy_ one of tho bidders preeont, uiul no objection wns raised by Kansloy until, tho day alter tho buIo. The 'defendant swore thut-'Mr. Davis guuvaiitood tlio stovo aild Mint lie (defendant) had oxpressod his willingness to tako it with tlio" "otlior goods and had touderud the money. The magistrates gave a verdict for pluintiff for tho full amount and costs. State or Hospital.— Admittod during week, 6 ; discharged ditto, : 5 ; remaining in hospital, inalos, 31 ; females, 2, .Total, 33. TABjiANiAr— "VVhilo we havo bcon suffering from Iho < xtremo liejit, nnd windows' and doors have boon opon by day #ml night ; wliilo' it has b.'on almost impos sible for us to wade through our ordinary businoss, or lo obtain; mora than 0110 quarter of our usual night's rest, tlio . happy people in Tasmania havo enjoyed the dolicious luxury of fcoling cold mid or appruciiiliiijj tlio value of : a fire— two tilings wo liavo never thoroughly rejoiced iu silico we placed our feet on Queensland ground. From a private loiter wo learn that tlio we.ithor ut the Southern extremity of Aus tralia bus been inniM than usually cold, and that even great coats havo boun necessary to keop out tlio keen air. Tho' hills around llobarlon tiro covered with snow, and Mount Wellington is wliilo downward to iiis niiddle. ; ' Politeness;—' Tlio moiiibors of tho Sydnoy IIouso of Assembly are exceedingly, eotnplimoiifnry ono to other; wo quote 'tlio following us 1111 example: — Mr. Forsler in tlio '-.'course of a very long address said, " lie was qui lb sure tho I1011. mid learned member opposite was incapable of doing liim tlio injustice of refusing to hoar his dofeneo." — Mr. Isaacs : " I uni listening to tlio lion, uiombor with ull my cars. If I had three, I would liston with ovory ono of them." — Mr. Garrett : " T'lioy uro quite long enough." — Mr. Isaac's rejoinder was not hoard in the gallery. [Per haps, like Bohemia, ho stopped his ears and threat ened. As M10 razors of tlio peripatetic razor seller woro made tu .ve/Z and not to shave, so peril ips Mr.Isaau's ears are made to liuur with, mid uot to bo udmirud, and lie may have gazed 0:1 Mr. Garrett with a countenance more in sorrow than in auger," and whispered some thing ubout O wild sbine power the glftlc gtu us, To see oursets ns others see us. - . S Wo aro afraid we must conuhido with Bvron. " Aroido umbo" — id est — blackguards both." - Ed.N.ZM Tile Banquet. — At iho banquet given to tlio lion. Arthur M'ueiulutur, " tlio 'Minister fur Minus," the honv1 gentleman said — " iio defied any mail to come forward nnd say that, during his ourcor of 10 years, lie liud boon inconsistent in advocating or supporting any one" principle." If sucli be the easo, wo consider that the lion. Arthur Macalist-or, "the Minister for Minos," is not. fit to bo a minister of a young and .progressive country, where changes occur daily, mid whore policy profitably pursued in 1859 would be ruinous iu 1869. No man with storyotypud polieios is fit to be tho ad viser of nny Govuriunont, or tho representative of any - people. A man who never changes his opinions and never acknowledges himself to bo wrong, is either an idiot, or 11 fool, and tlio very declaration of obstinucy is a proof of weakness, mid must damn him in tho oyes of Mie estimation of evory 0110. Mr. Mnealistor oouhl not possibly have iimdo uso of any argument, proposod any measure, or mado any suggestion which would huvo so completely evidenced his unfitness to bo a minister of 11 free pcoplo, us the observation ho dropped about his 10 years constancy. Will Mr. Maoalistor find us 0110 man who, by forco of intolloot, fought his way to polibiual eminence, could say, or would, evon if ho could, " I (lel'y iinjono to sny that, during my career of 10 yoara, I huvo been inconsistent iu advocating or supporting any pi inciplo ?" Is not Iho assertion of Mr. Muualister oquul to his tolling the world " I mil iufnllablo — I uovor iiiako a mistake." Qui noil peojicit — dejieit. lie who docs not go forward, retrogrades ; ami, judging Mr. Mnealistor by his own words, ho must bo liiore-thmi 10 yenrs behind friends and neighbours ; he limy fancy perhaps, liko Sanclio Kmizii, tlml lie is cleaving the air on his pogasus, wliilo lie is positively standing still enveloped iu tho srnoko mill smother of his own conceit — liko tho immortal squire, ho will probably find out bye-and-byo that nun and women uro not bigger than hnsol-uuts, and tho world loss than their kernels. C.u'ti River Diggings. — Wo loarn from a gontlo- man who lias been for suuio time at tho Capo River diggings, mid who has just urrived in Rockhumpton, that tliu Europoan population lias almost outitely drift ud away, leaving the field opon to tho Chinese, who are making forl'iuies, they huviug originally- so- cured tho best portions of tho ground. Our informant statod that he has qpon ns muoh as 94 ozs. of gold tnkqn out of one load from a claim ; whilo from tho various shafts uround nothing more than the color, could bo obtained, this ho givos ub an instance of tho patchy nature of tho diggings. Tho veins of stono are numerous nnd very rich, but so thin that thoy soou run out-, and vory little quartz can be obtained, and at the time when tlio four tons of stone were sent to . Sydney' for ussny, there woro only six tons loft upon ili.o ground. Had there been onou"U quartz to kcop OYOti u small imiuliiiio going, our informant und other gontlemon would huvo imported one. The water- supply is vory scarco, and oight woeks sinco thoro wns hardly a drop to be obtuinod 011 the diggings.' Tho Mount Davenport reefs havo ull been doeortod on ac- count of tho thinness of the voins and tho soaroity of wator, and carriage which some time back was £40 pur ton botwoen Townsvillo and. tho Cape, has fallen to £8. Hot and Cold. — Wo iuo cortainly subject to vory ahangcublo woatlior iu Victoria, but it uppoiirs that in Now Zoujand they uro still more accustomed to sud-. don ohaugus. A few weeks ago on a Sunday aftovnoon, snow could be seen on the road from Dunedin loading to tho Wuituti ; on tho nionday morning a hot wind prevailed, and tho woatlior was vory opprossivo. — Qeelong News. Horseflesh. — Horses are so plentiful yn tho Hauoroo Mint numbers of thein aro sold at flro or six shillings ouch.. One settler having an oyo for busi ness,- bought sovorul hundreds at. six shillings 0110I1. He got M10111 skinnod by giving tho ooso for oporution, mid thon found Mint tlio skins woro worth twonty shillings oaoh, or ovor throe timos as muoh as tlio entire horso. — Ibid. Murder made Ease. — a ghastly scicntifio discovory is roportod from Tumi, wlioro Profosaor Oasturiiiii, tho colebraled oeulist, lias, it would uppour, found a way of killing animals by forciug air into tlioir oyos, within Iho space of u few soconds, aud, it is thought, without causing thorn any pain. Experiments were mado, says the Fall Mall Gtatetee, at tho Royal Volorinary Bohool, and it is said that thoy huvo fully provod tho truth of the professor's invention. Within tho spaco of a few minutes four rabbits, tliroo dogs, and a goat were killod in this manner. The most remarkable thing about this " killing uiude easy " is thu fuut tlmt it leaves 110 -outward truer, and it can bo ns easily applied to men as to animals ; if so, it is ho bu hoped , tho method . ia not easy of uppheatiou. — l'ublio Opinion, . An Infatuated Widow. — A very sad scanda concerning tlio widow of -miolhor cabinet ininistor exoitud a briof ripple among the older citizens bore a day or two ago. Tho souretay of- War under Frcsidont Jackson was General Eaton ; mid some yoars after his dentil, in 1857, Ills widow, who was OS years old, mar- riod in Wnsliiiigton mi Italian named Dontoni Buchig- iiitui, who was at that time but twenty-one years old. Tt(is man wus a dancing master, bosidus his disparity in yt-ii.18, was in every respect wholly beneath Mrs. Eaton, and unfit to wed her. However, the lady, who at tho tiino niovod in tlio best ciclas ot tlio cmiitul, and, notwithstanding her age, was still somoihiupf a notability in society, was deaf to all remonstrances of Itor fribnds, nnd tlio ill-assorted union was consummated. , Tlio masaltianca oust, licr lior pluco in society fur a wliilo ; but she stuck to lioi- husband, und still retained iufluonco onoifljh behind the 'scones to obtain fW" isoriio cxcellont iippoiiitmnnts in tho/cp" ' . " She got tor h.m a eaptniuoy Y, ' appointment as Secretary of. Legislation of wliiuli ho refused to uccopt ; but flimliy uccopfetr tiio- post of librnriiin to Congress, wliiuli lio held for two' yoara. Finally ho obtuinod possession of his wife's properly to tlio amount of 90,000 dols., and having iti tho moautimc formed liaison with Iho gand- daughtor of his wife, a beautiful young girl, ho elopod with her nnd tho money to Italy. : Willi tho young lady whom hp passed off ns liis wife, ho roamed about tho con tinent tiJ the money was exhausted, when ho deserted hor and camo to Canada, where lie opened a restaurant. A few days ngo he turned up in Nuw York, mid his wifo, who now resides hero, and who lies mmingod to koop herself informed of his movements, procured his arrest on a ahurga of abandonmant. Mrs Jiuoliiiiiiiini, who still. secmH to oiitcrtain 1111 unaccountable iiffucl ion for her rascally liUBbimd, proposed to abundon all prosecution - against him if lie will again promiso to livo with hor. But ho reruso- to listen to any proposals from hor, and says that, as lie is only 32 and she 78, lie will wait until all- dies.— iVsio lork Correspondent of the Post. .-o - Ouha. — Tlio hit 03 1 dispatches" from Cuba represent, that a forutidablo iusurreolipn exists in the province of Yuniiis. Tlio rebels aro committing depredations of a vory sorious nature, and are impressing into their sorvieo all able-bodied .men whooi they encounter. Tho iiogrus of Mint direction aro very much alarmed and aro Hoeing in all directions. In" tho vicinity, of Da Vl-i ita pluntniions havu been destroyud, houses and mills buried, nnd the country loft deaolntc. Tho iiisurreetiouists have issued a proclamation, calling upon the negroes to rise nnd murder thu whites. 