The Novelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER XVI. TELEGRAPHING FOR A PHYSICIAN. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." When some consternation broke over the house next morning, I was half prepared for it. Mr. Chandos was alarmingly ill, and a tele- graphic express had gone up at dawn for a London physician. It was so sudden, so unexpected, that none of the household seemed able to comprehend it. As to Hill, she bustled about like one demented. A large table was placed at the west-wing door, and things likely to be wanted in the sick-room were carried up and put there, ready to her hand. The physician, a Dr. Amos, arrived in the afternoon, the carriage having been sent to await him at the terminus. A slight-made man, dressed in black, with a Roman nose, and glasses resting on it. Hickens marshalled him to the door of the west wing, where Hill re- ceived him. He stayed a long while; but they said he was taking refreshments as well as seeing his patient. The servants all liked Mr. Chandos, and they stood peeping in doorways, anxious for the doctor to come out. Hill came down and caught them, a jug in her hand. "Hill, do wait a moment and tell me !" I cried, as they flew away. "Does he find Mr. Chandos dangerously ill ?" "There is a change for the better," she an- swered. "Mr. Chandos will be about again to- morrow or next day. For goodness' sake don't keep me with questions now, Miss Hereford !" Not I. I did not care to keep her after that good news ; and I ran away as light as a bird. The carriage drew up to the portico, and Dr. Amos came down to it, attended by Hickens and Hill. After he passed the parlour-door, I looked out of it, and saw Mr. Dexter come up. He had heard the news of Mr. Chandos' illness, and had come to inquire after him. Seeing the gentleman, who carried physician in his every look, about to step into the carriage, Mr. Dex- ter had no difficulty in divining who he was. Raising his hat, he accosted him. "I hope, sir, you have not found Mr. Harry Chandos seriously ill ?" "Mr. Harry Chandos is very ill indeed !— very ill !" replied Dr. Amos, who appeared to be a pleasant man. "I fear there are but faint hopes of him." "Good heavens !" cried the thunderstruck agent, when he was able to speak. "But faint hopes ? How awfully sudden it must have come on !" "Sudden ? Not at all It has been coming on for some time. He may have grown worse rapidly, if you mean that. In saying but faint hopes, I mean, of course, of his eventual re- covery. He'll not be quite laid by yet." Dr. Amos entered the carriage with the last words, and it drove away, leaving his hearers to digest them ; leaving me, I know, with a mist before my eyes, and pulses that had ceased to beat. Hill's sharp tones broke the silence, bear- ing harshly upon Mr. Dexter. "What on earth need you have interfered for ? Can't a doctor come and go from a place but he must be smothered with questions ? If you have got anything to ask, you can ask me." "Why, Mrs. Hill, what do you mean ?" re- monstrated the agent. "I intended no harm, and I have done no harm. But what a pitiable thing about Mr. Chandos !" "Doctors are not oracles always," snapped Hill. "My opinion's as good as his, and I know Mr. Chandos will get better ; there's every chance that he'll be about to-morrow. The bad symptoms seem to be going off as sudden as they came on." "Hill," I whispered, laying hold of her gown as the was flouncing past me, "you say he may be about to-morrow; but will he get well eventually ?" "That's another affair," answered Hill. "Dr. Amos said it had been coming on a long while," I pursued, detaining her still. "What complaint is it ?" "It's just a complaint that you had better not ask about, for your curiosity can't be satis- fied, Miss Hereford," was Hill's response, as she broke away. Broke away, leaving me. In my dreadful un- certainty, I went up to Hickens, who was stand- ing still, looking so sad, and asked him to tell me what was the matter with Mr. Chandos. "I don't know any more than you, miss. Mr. Chandos has had a vast deal of grief and trouble, and it may be telling upon him. He has looked ill of late." No comfort anywhere—no comfort. How I got through the day I don't know. It seemed as if I had received my death-knell, instead of he his. Hill's opinion, in one respect, proved to be a correct one, for the next day Mr. Chandos ap- peared to the household. He came down about 12 o'clook, looking pale and subdued—but so he often looked—and I must say I could not detect much change in him. Starting from my seat in the oak-parlour, as he entered it, I went up to him in the impulse of the moment. He took both my hands. "Glad to see me again ?" "Yes, I am glad," I whispered, calming down my excitement, and swallowing the intrusive tears that had arisen. "Mr. Chandos, are you so very ill ?" "Who has been telling you that I am ?" he inquired, walking to an arm-chair by help of my shoulder, for his ankle was weak yet, but not releasing me when he had sat down in it. "I heard Dr. Amos say so. He said—" "What did he say ? Why do you stop ?" I could not answer. I could not disclose the opinion I had heard. "I suppose you were within hearing when the doctor said he had but faint hopes of me ?" "Yes, I was. But, Mr. Chandos, who could have told you that Dr. Amos said it ?" "I was told," he smiled. "All are not so cautious as you, my little maid." "But I hope it is not true. I hope you will get well." "Would it give you any concern if I did not ?" My face flushed as I stood before him. In- stead of answering, I bent it like a culprit—like a simpleton. "I may cheat the doctors yet," he said, cheer- fully. "Have you been ill long ?" "I have not been quite well. Anxiety of mind sometimes takes its revenge upon the body." He moved away to his desk as he spoke, which stood on a side-table. It was quite evident he did not wish to pursue the topic What could I do but let it drop? Taking up my work I carried it to the window, while he stood rum- maging the desk, evidently searching for some- thing. Every individual thing was at length turned out of it and put back again. "Well, it's very strange !" "What is it, sir ?" That sir ! as he would say. But I felt too shy, in my new and all- conscious feeling for him, to discard it entirely. He had missed his note- book. One he was in the habit of using for any purpose; as a sort of diary, and also to enter business matters. That he had locked it up in his desk when he last wrote in it, two days ago, he felt absolutely certain. "Have you left your keys about, sir ?" "I don't know. I generally put them in my pocket. But if I did leave them about, no- body would use them. Our servants are honest." The book, however, could not be found. Mr. Chandos looked for it, I looked, the servants looked. He said in a joking sort of manner that some sleight-of- hand must have been at work; and sat down to write a letter. I saw its address: London, Henry Amos, M.D. While making tea for Mr. Chandos in the evening, a discussion arose about the date of Emily's last letter, and I ran to my room to get it. Just within the door I encountered Lizzy Dene, darting out with a haste that nearly knocked me down. "What did you want in my room, Lizzy ?" She murmured some incoherent answer about taking the house-maid's place that evening. A lame excuse. All work connected with the chambers had to be done by daylight; it was a rule of the house. I had had doubts, vague and indefinable, of Lizzy Dene for some days—that the girl was not altogether what she seemed. She looked red and confused now. Emily's letter was not to found. And yet I knew that I had tied it up with two or three others and left the packet in a certain compart- ment of my smaller trunk. Both boxes looked as though they had been searched over, for the things were not as I placed them. But I missed nothing except the letters. Lizzy was in the gallery now, peering out at the window close by ; I called to her to come in, and bade her shut the door. "Boxes opened ! Letters gone !" she re- torted, in a passionate tone—though I had only mentioned the fact. "I have never laid a finger on anything belonging to you, miss. It's come to a pretty pass if I am to be suspected of that." "Will you tell me what you were doing in my room, Lizzy ?" "No I won't." Doggedly. "I insist upon knowing, or I shall call Mrs. Hill." "Well then, I will tell ; I can't be hung for it," she returned with sudden resolution. "I came into your room, miss, to look for some- thing in the grounds that I thought might come there." "The ghost ?" I said, incautiously. "So you know of it, miss !" was her answer. "Yes ; it is walking again : and I'm veering round to their way of thought. Mrs. Hill has locked up the turret, so that look-out is barred to us." She pulled open the door with a jerk, and de- parted. The draught of air blew out my frail wax-taper, and I went to the window. I had no fear ; it never occurred to me that there could be anything to see. But superstition is catch- ing, and—what did my eyes rest upon ? In the old spot, hovering about the entrance to the pine-walk, was a man's shadowy figure ; the one I had been told to believe was looked upon as the ghost of Sir Thomas Chandos. These things can be laughed at in the open day in the broad sunshine. We are ready then to brave ghosts, to acknowledge them to be myths of the fancy as indisputably as we know the bogies of children to be puppets dressed up to frighten them ; but all alone in the darkness the case is different. I was by myself on that vast floor, Lizzy Dene had gone down, the wing doors were shut, silence reigned. Once more terror got the better of me, the pacing figure was all too shadowy, and down stairs I flew, crossed the lighted hall, and burst into the oak- parlour to Mr. Chandos. "Have you been waiting to re-write the letter ?" he asked. "Oblivious that your tea stood here, getting cold !" I could make no answer just yet, but sank into my seat with a white face. "You look as though you had seen a ghost," he jestingly said. And then I burst into tears, just for a mo- ment ; the effect no doubt of nervous excitement. Mr. Chandos rose at once, his manner changing to one of tender kindness. "Has anything alarmed you." "I cannot find Madame de Melissie's letter," was all I answered, feeling vexed with myself. "But that is not the cause of this. Some- thing has frightened you. Come, Miss Here- ford ; I must know what it is," he concluded, with that quiet command of manner so few re- sist. I did not ; perhaps did not care to ; and told him briefly what had occurred. Not mention- ing suspicions of Lizzy Dene or what she said ; but simply that the woman had opened the door too hastily, thereby putting my candle out—and then on to what I had seen. "It must have been one of the gardeners," he quietly observed. "Why should that have alarmed you ?" That the gardeners never remained in the gardens after twilight, obeying the strict orders of the house, I knew. "Not a gardener," I answered, "but a ghost." And, taking courage, I told him all I had heard—that a ghost was said to walk nightly in the grounds. "Whose ghost ?" he asked, with angry sharp- ness. "Your late father's, sir ; Sir Thomas Chan- dos." He turned quickly to the mantel-piece, put his elbow on it, and stood there with his back to me. But that his face had looked so troubled I might have thought he did it to indulge in a quiet laugh. "Miss Hereford, you cannot seriously believe in such nonsense !" "No, indeed ; not in collected moments ; but I was left alone in the dark, and the surprise at seeing some one changed to fright." "May I inquire from whom you heard this fine tale ?" "From Mrs. Penn first. But the women-ser- vants talk of it. Lizzy Dene confessed she had gone up now to watch for it." He turned round quickly. "What do you say ? Lizzy Dene went up to watch for it ?" "I was not pleased at finding Lizzy in my room ; she has no business to call her there, and I insisted upon knowing what took her to it. At first she would not say, but presently con- fessed, she had gone to watch for the ghost." If ever a man's countenance betrayed a sickly dread, Mr. Chandos' did then. He went to the door, hesitated, and came back again, as if scarcely knowing what to be about. "And she saw it ?—saw some one walking there ? She—and you ?" "I don't think she did ; I saw it after she had gone. Oh, Mr. Chandos ; I can see you are angry with me ! I am very sorry ; I—" "Angry ? no," he interrupted in a gentle tone. "I only think how foolish you must be to listen to anything of the sort. I wish I could have shielded you from this alarm ! I wish you had not come just now to Chandos !" He rang the bell ; a loud peal ; and desired that Hill should be sent to him. I had never seen his face so stern as when he turned it upon her. "Can you not contrive to keep the women servants to their proper occupations, Hill ? I hear they are going about the house looking after ghosts." "Sir ! Mr. Harry !" "Miss Hereford went to her room just now and found Lizzy Dene at its window. The woman said she was watching for the ghost." Hill's face presented a picture. She stood more like a putrefaction than a living woman. Mr. Chandos recalled her to herself. "Hill !" was all he said. "I'll see about it, sir. I'll give that Lizzy Dene a word of a sort." "I think you had better give her no 'word' at all, in the sense you indicate," returned Mr. Chandos. "Keep the women to their duties below at night, and say nothing. Let the ghost die out, Hill." "Very well, sir." "As I daresay it will do, quietly enough. Sit with them yourself, if necessary. And— Hill—there's no necessity to mention anything of this to Lady Chandos." "But—Mr. Harry—" "Yes, yes; I know what you would say," he interrupted ; "leave that to me." He went limping out at the hall-door as he spoke. Hill disappeared in the direction of the kitchens, muttering angrily. "That beast of a Lizzy Dene ! If she should get spreading this among the out-door men ! I always said that girl brought no good to Chan- dos." CHAPTER XVII. LIZZY DENE. "For my heart was hot and restless; And my life was full of care; And the burden laid upon me Seemed greater than I could bear." SEATED back in the shade, where the sunlight of the afternoon did not fall upon him, I saw him lift his hands at the last line, with a gesture half of despair, half of prayer, and then lay them on his pale face. Whatever his burden might be, it was a heavy one. It was he who had asked me to sing ; Mr. Chandos ; for the first time since I was in the house. Not much of a singer at the best, I never ventured on any but the most simple songs ; and, of modern ones, "The Bridge," set to music by Miss Lind- sey, is the sweetest, "But now it has fallen from me; It is hunted in the sea; And only the sorrow of others Throws its shadow over me." Rather boisterously the door was opened, and Mrs. Penn came in. Her hair was decidedly of a more glowing red than usual ; but her green gown of damask silk, her point-lace lappets thrown behind, her gold ornaments, ay and herself, were altogether handsome. Mr. Chan- dos rose. "Oh, I beg your pardon," she said, "for entering so unceremoniously. Hearing the piano, I thought Miss Hereford was alone." I turned round on the music-stool and sat facing the room. Mr. Chandos handed her a chair. "Thank you," she said, hesitating to take it, "Mrs. Chandos is in the west wing ; but per- haps I shall be intruding if I remain ?" "Not at all," replied Mr. Chandos. "Miss Hereford may be glad of your company. I am going to the west wing myself." "Have you found your manuscript, Mr Chandos ?" "What manuscript?" She paused a moment. "I heard yesterday you had lost one. When Emma came in about her housemaid's duties last evening, she men- tioned it." It may as well be said, en passant, that Emma was housemaid to the east wing ; Harriet to the chambers on the first floor generally, mine included ; Lizzy Dene to the west wing : but it would frequently be the pleasure of Lady Chan- dos that Lizzy did not enter her apartments for days together, only Hill. "It was a memorandum-book ; not a manu- script," said Mr. Chandos. "Oh ; I understood her to say a manuscript." "I have not found it," he continued. "Fortu- nately the contents are of little consequence. They consist chiefly of notes relative to the every-day business of the estate, and a few pri- vate items concerning myself. Some things are entered in hieroglyphics of my own," he con- tinued with a half laugh, "and I'll defy the thief to make them out, however clever he may be. The singular thing is how it could have disappeared from my locked desk." "You must have left your keys out," she quickly said. "That is more than likely. Having honest people about me at Chandos, I have not been over-particular." "It is a bad practice to leave keys where they may be picked up and used ; it gives opportuni- ties that otherwise might never have been seized upon," observed Mrs. Penn in a dreamy tone. "Not a bit of it, madam. Unless dishonest people are at hand to take advantage of them." "Then how do you think your book can have gone, Mr. Chandos ?" "Well, I cannot think. I am content to leave the elucidation to time." Mrs. Penn looked at him : she seemed to be hesitating over something. It was so palpable that Mr. Chandos noticed it. "What is it ?" he asked. "I think I will speak," she said, with sudden decision, "Though indeed I do not like to do so, Mr. Chandos ; and I certainly should not, but for hearing of this loss of yours. I have had a small loss too." Mr. Chandos sat down ; he had been standing since she came in ; and waited for her to con- tinue. "It is not of much value ; but—as you say by your book—it is the fact of its having gone that troubles me. Only a bit of what we call Honiton lace, about three yards of it, two inches in width. That it was safe in my work-box yes- terday morning, I know. This morning it was no longer there." "Was the work-box locked ?" "It was. I had left it in the library, locked. My keys were in a drawer of my bedroom, where I keep then, for they are heavy, and weigh down my dress packets. Curious to say, upon looking for my keys this morning, I found them not in the usual drawer, but in the fellow drawer be- side it. Whoever had taken them out forgot which was the right drawer and put them back in the wrong one." "And you missed the lace ?" "Yes. It happened that I was going to use it to trim some sleeves ; but for that I might not have missed it for weeks. It was in the bottom of the work-box, lying a-top of some other things ; as soon as I lifted the upper tray I saw it was gone. Of course I searched the box over, but without result." "Have you spoken to the servants ?" "I have not said much, lest they should think I accused them. What I said was that I had lost or mislaid some lace ; and described it. They appear to be quite innocent. Still, the lace could not go without hands." "I don't like this," observed Mr. Chandos after a pause. "It is not the loss in itself—as I say; it is the feeling of insecurity it leaves," returned Mrs. Penn. "One cannot be sure that other things will not follow. But I will not detain you longer," she added, rising. "I hope, Mr. Chandos, you will not think I have been wrong or unkind to mention this." "I think you have done quite right, Mrs. Penn," he warmly replied, as he opened the door for her. "If we really have a thief in the house, the sooner we are upon our guard the better. Take greater care of your keys for the present. As to the lace, Mrs. Chandos will make it good to you—" "Sir ! Mr. Chandos !" she interrupted, rather fiercely. "Oh, pray don't talk in that way ; I shall be vexed to have mentioned it. The loss is nothing." She left the room. Not a word had I spoken all the while ; not a syllable as to my own boxes having been visited. I did not care to throw any accusation upon Lizzy Dene. Besides, the matter seemed to present contradiction to my mind : as I found by the next words it was doing to that of Mr. Chandos. "I cannot fathom this at all ; unless we have two light-fingered people in the house. Mrs. Penn's lace must have been cribbed by one of the maids, I fear ; but it is hardly likely she'd take a memorandum-book. Where would be the use of it to any one of them ? There were things of value in my desk, not touched : a gold paper-knife, a large gold seal, and some loose silver. Well, we must wait ; and meanwhile take care of our keys," he concluded as he left the parlour. I finished my interrupted song in a low voice, sang another or two, and then went up to my room. Mrs. Penn was standing at the library door. "Has Mr. Chandos gone into the west wing, do you know, Miss Hereford ?" "I think so. He quitted the parlour almost as soon as you did." "I am sorry to have missed him. I don't know what he'll think of me. Did you notice my omission ?" "What omission ?" "Never to have asked after his health. I feel ashamed of myself. I have not seen him since the day's illness he had, when the physician came down to him. I hate to be unfeeling," added Mrs. Penn, in wrath. "But what with seeing him in the oak-parlour when I expected only you were there, and what with the thought of my lace, I completely forgot it." "He says he is better. I think he must be very much better from the alarming state they said he was in that day. But he looks ill." "That's caused by worry ; his ill looks," said Mrs. Penn. "I should wonder if he could look well. Look at his figure : it's no better than a skeleton's." We had been walking together to the end of the library. I don't know whether I have men- tioned it before, but every evening, a good hour before dusk, the door of this library was locked for the night by Hill, and the key carried away in her pooket. Mrs. Penn turned to me as we stood together at the window, dropping her voice to a whisper. "Was there not something mysterious about his illness ?" Frankly speaking, I thought there was. But in my own mind I had connected it in some un- defined way with his sleep-walking. I could not say this. "But that he is so remarkably unlikely a sub- ject for it, a living atomy, as may be said, I should think it had been a fit," she continued. "Did you hear whether the London doctor also saw Lady Chandos ?" "No, I did not. There's nobody to inquire of, except Hill. And you know how much in- formation we should be likely to get from her." "Except him," corrected Mrs. Penn, with emphasis. "With all his sins, Harry Chandos is a gentlemen and would give you an answer." I shook my head. It was not my place, a young visitor there on sufferance, to inquire of things they seemed to wish not inquired of ; and I said as much to Mrs. Penn. "You are too fastidious, Miss Hereford ; you are no better than a school-girl. Look here," she added, turning briskly, "this is the work- box. I will show you where the lace was." It was a large, handsome box ; a beautiful box ; tortoise-shell inlaid with silver, its fittings of silver and sky-blue velvet; its scissors (save the steel part), its thimble, bodkin, and stiletto of gold. "I wonder they did not take these as well as the lace." "They might be afraid to do that," said Mrs. Penn. "See !" she cried, lifting the tray, "That's where it lay. It was a very handsome piece of lace, and I am sorry to lose it." The sweeping of a silk dress along the corri- dor gave token of the approach of Mrs. Chan- dos. She passed into the east wing, and Mrs. Penn hastened after her. Standing at the door of the west wing, as if he had attended Mrs. Chandos from it, was Mr. Chandos. He saw us both come out of the library. Where he had his dinner that day I don't know. Mine was over and the things were taken away before I saw him again. I had been upstairs for a book and met him in the hall. He followed me to the oak-parlour and threw him self into a chair, like one utterly weary. "You have not been walking much, have you, Mr. Chandos?" "Not much ; my foot's too weak yet. I have been taking a turn or two in the pine-walk. And you ? Have you been spirit-gazing again ?" I did not answer, except by a shake of the head, and he sat for a long while in silence, breaking it at last abruptly. "Does Mrs. Penn get looking from the front windows, after that—that sight—that you pro- fessed to see the night before last ?" "I think she would like to do so ; but there's no opportunity. The rooms in the east wing do lot look to the front, you know." "Ah, I see you and she talking of this together." "The talking has been very little, and of her seeking, not mine. I would rather she never spoke to me at all of it : it embarrasses me." "Why does it embarrass you ?" "I—I— " "Well ?" he said, looking straight at me. "I don't like to say, Mr. Chandos." He left his chair and came to the window, where I stood playing with the jessamine. How soft the air was ! how sweet the perfume of the flowers in the approaching night ! "Now then. I am come to hear what you mean." The tones were persuasive : the face, as it drooped a little, wore a smile of inviting confi- dence. I bent my head and told him—that I thought what people had seen at midnight and taken for a ghost might be himself walking in his sleep ; but that I could not say this to Mrs. Penn. He made no rejoinder whatever. He lifted his head and gazed straight out towards the entrance to the pine-walk. "Shall I tell Mrs. Penn that it is not a ghost at all, sir, and set her mind, so far, at rest ? I need not give any particulars." "But suppose it is a ghost, Miss Hereford ?" The tones were very sad and serious. My heart beat a little quicker. "Did you not assure me you saw it the other night—when I was safe in this very parlour ?" "Yes ; but I thought afterwards it might be what you said—one of the gardeners. Night- light is so deceptive." "Come back for his tools," added Mr. Chan- dos. "Mrs. Penn, however, says it is something else that walks there—my late father's spirit Do you think she believes it ?" "Yes. She spoke as if she did believe it: and dreaded it, Shall I tell her she need not ?" "No," he sadly said. "I cannot unfortu- nately ask you to do that." What did the speech mean ? Did it really bear the intimation that he could not in truth deny it ? Something like a tremor, with that dark and weird pine-walk within sight, crept over me. Mr. Chandos leaned from the window, plucked a white rose, and put it into my hand. "There," he said, "that's better than talking of ghosts. And, Miss Hereford—keep your curtains above closed after dusk ; I don't like to be watched when I go out there." He rang the bell for lights and tea. Ah, that rose, that rose ! Does anybody, reading this, remember receiving one from a beloved hand ? Had it been a flower of Paradise it could not have borne for me a greater charm. The skies were brighter, the coming night was sweeter, the whole atmosphere seemed impregnated with a bliss, not of this world. My heart was wild with happiness ; the rose was worth more than Goloonda's costliest diamonds. I have it still. I shall keep it for ever. "And now for a cup of tea, if you'll give me one, Miss Hereford." I turned from the window, the rose held care- lessly in my fingers, and put it down, as of no moment, beside the tray. Afterwards he stayed talking to me a little while, and then rose to leave for the evening. "I wish I could stay longer ; it is very lonely for you," he said, as he shook hands. "But my mother feels lonely too ; and so—I must divide myself as I best may." "Is not Lady Chandos better ?" I asked, in- terrupting his light laugh. "Some days she is. Not much on the whole." "And you, sir ?" I suppose I looked at him wistfully, for he put his hand for a moment on my head, and bent his kind face. "Don't be anxious for me. I am sorry you heard what Amos said. I am very much better than I was the day he was here. Good night." It was all dreary again; sunshine had gone out ; and I went up to bed at half-past 9. The first thing I did was to kiss the rose before put- ting it away ; my cheeks burn at confessing it as they burnt then. Kissing the senseless rose ! And in the very midst of the sweet folly, my chamber door was knocked at, and Mrs. Penn came in. "How early you have come up ! Dull ? Ay, I dare say you do find it dull. But I can't stay a moment. I want you to do me a favour, Anne Hereford. When Mrs. Chandos shall be a-bed and asleep to-night, let me come to your room." "What for ?" I exclaimed, in great surprise. "I want to watch from your windows. I want to see whether it is a ghost that is said to haunt the walks at night ; or—whether it is anything else. I knew the late Sir Thomas, and should recognize—" "Hush, Mrs. Penn," I interrupted. Every impulse my mind possessed prompted me to deny the request utterly ; to nip it in the bud. "It is what I cannot do. I might get very much frightened myself ; but it is not that ; it is that I am a visitor in the family, and would not pry into an affair that must no doubt be one of pain and annoyance to them. Don't you perceive that it would be dishonourable ? I keep my curtains closed at night, you see ; and no persuasion would induce me to allow them to be opened." "You are a foolish girl," she said, with good humour. "Hill locks up the other rooms at dusk ; and if she did not, I should be too great a coward to watch alone in them. A love of the marvellous was born with me ; I may say a terror of it ; and my early training served to in- crease this. As a child I was allowed to read ghost-stories; my nurse used to tell them in my hearing to her companions; of course it could but bear fruit. I think it perfectly wicked to allow such tales to penetrate to the impressionable imaginations of young children ; they never wholly recover it." "But you cannot seriously believe in ghosts, Mrs. Penn !" "I should be ashamed to avow that I do be- lieve in them. And yet the subject bears for me both a terror and a charm ; nay, a strange fas- cination." That she spoke the truth now was evident ; though I could not think she always did. I stood waiting for her to go. "And so you will not let me come, Miss Here- ford ! Well, perhaps you are right ; it never occurred to me that the family might feel an- noyed at it. Good night." But I did not trust her ; she might steal in while I slept: and I turned the key of my door inside for the first time since I was at Chandos. The next day was a gloomy one. Not as to weather ; that was bright enough ; but for me. Mr. Chandos was away. Gone out somewhere by rail, very far; and would not be back until night. "Is he well enough to bear the fatigue, Hickens ?" I could not help asking the butler as he stood by me at breakfast. "Well, miss, I should say he is not well enough. Hill says it is some pressing business for my lady that he is gone upon ; and Mr. Harry is one to go through with any duty, let him be well or ill ; ay, though he died for it." Idling away the morning desultorily, I got through an hour or two. Was this new feeling making me worthless ? Half ashamed of myself as the question flashed over me, I took out a German book of study, and settled down to it on a bench amid the thickest trees, not far from the entrance gates, and near the privet walk where I had once met Edwin Barley. While I was reading steadily, a voice began speaking at a little distance, and I recognized it for his. Edwin Barley's. Did he habitually come to the shady walk ? The clump of thick shrubs intervening hid me from him, and him from me; for some minutes I could do nothing but give way to my fear ; and did not dare to stir hand or foot. Some one was speaking with him ; whether man or woman I could not tell, the voice was so faint. And it seemed that while Mr. Barley must have had his face turned to me, and the wind, setting this way, bore his accents with it, the other person must have faced the opposite way, and the voice was lost. "You are stupid, woman !" were the first distinct words I heard from him, seemingly spoken in sudden petulance. "Where's the use of your telling me this much, if you can't tell more ?" It was a woman then. Sure and swiftly came the conviction of her identity to me with a force I could not account for. Lizzy Dene. "It must have been a very serious attack, for a physician to be telegraphed for in that haste," resumed Mr. Edwin Barley. "And to be well again now to go out for a whole day by rail !" A pause. It was occupied by the answer, but of that I could not hear so much as a tone. Mr. Edwin Barley resumed. "There's a mystery about it all that I can't dive into. There's a mystery about Harry Chandos. That attack upon him was a curious thing. And his mother ? Is she invisible yet ?" Another inaudible answer. "Well, you must work better, I tell you. This is your affair, mind, not mine; I did not ask you to bring me news, or to look into let- ters—what do you say ? Not able to look into letters ? you can read, I suppose ?" It is Lizzy Dene, my conscience whispered me ; for a half doubt had been crossing me of Mrs. Penn. "Oh, I understand ; don't get the chance of looking into them ?" He went on. "Well—it is your own affair, I repeat ; but as you came to me with the offer of making discoveries that might be useful to me, and I accepted it after consideration, I shall expect you to make some. Do you hear ?" he continued, in his voice of power. "What ? Speak low, for fear of hearers ? Nonsense ; there's no one to hear. If you want money for bribery, of course I can furnish you with it." Again a pause. The higher Mr. Edwin Barley raised his voice, the lower the other seemed to speak. "No, you are wrong; the greatest enemy to your plans would be Harry Chandos ; the rest are women. That there's something to be dis- covered connected with him, and at this present time, I am absolutely certain of. Discovered it shall be," emphatically pronounced Mr. Edwin Barley. "About his wife ?" he suddenly asked, "All that's wanted is the clue," he recom- menced, after listening to the answer. "It is to be had, I know. They'd not live in this dark retired manner for nothing ; and I have my theory about it. What do you say ?—oh, well yes, if you like ; I did not ask you to repeat things of the family to me, you know; you are doing it of your own spontaneous will. How long have you lived in this neighbourhood ?" Strain my ears as I would, I could not catch more than a faint sound of whisper in reply. "Eh ? What ?" briskly resumed Mr. Edwin Barley. "The ghost walks again ! Sir Thomas Chandos ! Give my compliments to it, and ask if it remembers me ! You foolish woman !" he went on, in much scorn. "A troubled consci- ence may cause people to 'walk' in life ; but it never yet brought them back after death. Now don't—oh, I thought you were going to insist on the ghost. Upon thorns lest you should be missed and called for. Hill looks you all up so sharply ? I'll depart then. Advice ? I have none to give." I heard his steps walking leisurely away. Stealing swiftly along the bye-paths, I went round to the servants' entrance, determined to see whether Lizzy Dene was out of doors or not, A miserable gnat had bitten me, affording an excuse ; but I should have made one in case of need. The cook stood by her kitchen fire. "Oh, cook, would you please give me a little warm water ? A gnat has just stung my wrist. Perhaps if I bathe it at once, it will not inflame." She gave it me at once, putting the basin on the table underneath the window. Harriet ran and brought a little sponge. At that moment Mrs. Hill came in. "Where's Lizzy Dene ? Is she not here ?" "No, she's not here," was the immediate answer of the cook, spoken with irritation. "She's off again—as she always is. I sent her to get the eggs, for the boy never brought them in this morning, and she has been gone pretty near an hour ! It's a shame." "It is not Lizzy's work, that you should send her," remarked Mrs. Hill ; "but she has no business to stop. Have you hurt your hand, Miss Hereford !" I told her what it was, and she left the kitchen again, leaving orders for Lizzy Dene to come to her in the linen-room as soon as she entered. "You need not have told," remonstrated Harriet to the cook, in an undertone, on account of my presence. "Mother Hill finds enough fault with us without being helped to more." "I'm not going to put up with Lizzy, then, if you are !" cried out the cook, not caring whe- ther I was present or not. "Send her but for the least thing, and there she stops. My cus- tard ought to have been made, and set to cool by this time. She gets talking to the out-door men ; I know she does. What else can she do ?" "That woman was here again last night," re- joined Harriet, as they stood over the fire. "I say, who is that woman ?—coming after Lizzy Dene, as she does ! Why shouldn't Lizzy be open about it ?" "I asked her who it was, the other day, but she'd give me no answer," replied Harriet. "You know that weeping ash, off yonder to the right. Well, there they stood with their heads together, last night, Lizzy Dene and the woman. Lizzy's very much altered of late. I can't make her out. At the time of the accident to Mr. Chandos, she was like one out of her mind. I asked her if she had frightened the horse. There was always something odd about her." "There'll be something odder about her yet, if she don't speedily bring them eggs," retorted the cook, "I won't put up with this." I took my hand out of the water, wrapped a handkerchief loosely round it, and went out at the back door, taking my way leisurely round. Truth to say, I was watching for Lizzy Dene. And I saw her. She came darting down one of the paths, and caught up a basket of eggs that stood behind a tree ; her face was red and flushed, as if she had been walking or talking herself into a heat. "Lizzy," I said confronting her, "they are waiting for the eggs. Where have you been ?" "Don't stop me, miss, please ; cook's in a rage as it is, I know," was all the answer I received ; and the woman bore on to the kitchen. Really mine was just now a strange life. A young girl—I was only that ; young in experi- ence as well as years—living in that house with- out any companion except Mr. Chandos. More unrestrained companionship could scarcely have existed between us had we been brother and sister. Our meals were taken together ; he pre- siding at luncheon and dinner, I at breakfast and tea. The oak-parlour was our common sit- ting- room ; the groves and glades of Chandos, glowing with the tints of autumn, our frequent walks. It was very pleasant ; too pleasant ; I don't say anything about its prudence. Later, when I grew more conversant with the ways of the world and its exactions, I wondered that Lady Chandos had not seen its inexpediency. But that love should supervene on either side never crossed her thoughts ; had it been sug- gested to her, she would have rejected the idea as entirely improbable ; I was a school-girl, her son was love-proof. In regard to other con- siderations, Mr. Chandos was one of those men with whom a young girl would be perfectly safe ; and she knew it. Three or four days passed on. Mr. Chandos had recovered from his lameness, and went to church with us on Sunday. Our order of going was, as usual, this : he walked by the side of Mrs. Chandos, almost in silence ; I and Mrs. Penn behind. In a pew at right angles with ours sat Mr. Edwin Barley alone ; and his dark stern eyes seemed to be fixed on me from the beginning of the service to the end. Well from his lameness ; but anything but well as to his health, if looks might be relied upon, he seemed to grow more shadowy day by day. What his illness was I could not think and might not ask ; it certainly seemed on the mind more than the body. A conviction grew gradually upon me that some curious mystery, apart from the sleep-walking, did attach to Mr. Chandos; and the words I overheard spoken by Edwin Barley strengthened the impression : "That there is something to be discovered con- nected with him, and at this present time, I am absolutely certain of." What did he allude to ? Surely it was nothing of disgrace ! As he sat there before me, with his calm pale face and its sweet expression, it was against the dictates of common-sense to suppose that ill or wicked an- tecedents attached to him. No ; I would not believe it, let Penn say what she chose. It was a lovely autumn morning to begin the week with. The fire burnt briskly in the grate, but the window, near which we sat, was open. Mr. Chandos seemed low and depressed. His moods were changeable : sometimes he would be lively, laughing, quite gay ; as if he put away the inward trouble for a time. During break- fast, which he ate this morning nearly in silence, he took a letter from his pooket and glanced down its contents, heaving an involuntary sigh. I recognized it for one that had been delivered the previous morning : the name "Henry Amos" on the corner of the envelope proved the writer. I wondered then—I wonder still—why people put their names outside the letters they send, as some do. "Does he write instructions to you still, Mr. Chandos ?" "Who ? Dr. Amos ? Well, yes ; in a mea- sure." "I hope he thinks you are getting better ?" "I tell him that I am. You have forgotten the sugar. A small lump, please. Thank you.'' It was ever so. If I did summon up courage to ask about his health he only turned it off. His tea did not want further sweetning more than mine did. We were sent out that day for a drive in the large open carriage ; Mrs. Chandos, Mrs. Penn and I. It was the first time we had gone to- gether. Mr. Chandos was away ; attending some county meeting. It was nearly 5 when we got home. Later, when I had my hair down and dress off, getting ready for dinner, Mrs. Penn came in. "Oh, this dreary life at Chandos !" she ex- claimed, sinking into a chair, without any cere- mony or apology for entering. "I am not sure that I can continue to put up with it." "Dreary, do you find it ?" "It is dreary. It is not pleasant or satisfac- tory. Mrs. Chandos grows colder and more capricious; and you are not half the companion you might be. It was on the tip of my tongue just now to give her warning. If I do give it, I shall be off the next day. I never was so dull in any place all my life before." "Something has vexed you perhaps, Mrs. Penn ?" "If it has, it's only a slight vexation. I made haste to write this as soon as we came in"— turning her left hand, in which lay a sealed letter—"and I find the letters are gone. I thought the man called for them at half-past 5." "No ; at 5." "So Hickens has just informed me. What few letters I have had to write since I came have been done in the morning. It can't be helped ; it must wait until to-morrow." She shut the letter into a bag ; a small morocco bag with a steel clasp and chain ; took her keys from her pocket and locked it. "What a pretty thing that is !" "This reticule ? Yes, it is pretty ; and very convenient. Have you one ?" "Not like that. Mine is an ugly one, made out of a piece of carpet ; I bought it ever so long ago at the fair at Nulle." "Shall you ever go back to Nulle ?" "I should be there at this present time, but for a fever that has broken out at Miss Bar- lieu's. It is getting better, though ; I heard from Miss Annette on Saturday." "Fever, or not fever, I should say it would be a happy change for you from this dull place." Dull ! This ! It was my Elysium. I felt like a guilty girl in my self-consciousness, and the bright colour stole over my face and neck. "Allow me to fasten your dress for you." I thanked her, but laughingly said that I was accustomed to dress myself. She laughed too ; observed that school-girls generally could help themselves, having no choice upon the point, and turned to look from the window. She stood there with her back to me until I was ready to go down, sometimes turning her head to speak. We quitted the room together and she seemed to have recovered her good tem- per. I had reached the foot of the stairs when I happened to look up the well of the staircase. There was the face of Mrs. Penn, regarding me with a strange intensity. What did she see in me ? [TO BE CONTINUED.] 