CHURCH OF ENGLAND DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane commenced its sittings on the 25th ult., in the Metropolitan District Court, Brisbane. The Bishop of Brisbane, the Rev. Dr. Tufnell, presided. Ten clergymen and eighteen laymen answered to their names. PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The President read the following address : " My reverend brethren and my brethren of the laity, It is with feelings of deep gratitude to the Almighty Giver of all good that I meet you at the opening of this our second Synod, to take counsel with you with a view to the order- ing and well governing of the Church in this diocese. " The single session of our first Synod was far my brethren, from being an unfruitful one, and it is my earnest hope that our present session may, in its results, be of an eminently practical character. " Business Prepared by the Diocesan Council, for the Consideration of the Synod. " My reverend brethren, and my brethren of the laity Many subjects of deep importance to the welfare of the Church in this diocese will, during the present session, claim (as I feel sure they will receive) your patient and careful attention. The Diocesan Council have prepared a draft canon to regulate the appointment and to define the powers and duties of the council a canon to provide for the formation and division of parishes, and a canon to provide for the establishment of a Church Extension Fund : whilst one of the members of the Diocesan Council has kindly prepared a canon to regulate the appointment of clergymen to parishes, upon which, unfortunately, the council had not time to deliberate, in consequence of the oversight to which I have already alluded, which prevented the members of the Council from continuing to act as a body after the 25th of March, the day upon which the late Synod expired. " Appointment of Clergy and Mode of their Sustentation. " The canon for regulating the appointment of clergymen to parishes, and that for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Extension Fund, are subjects of the gravest importance, and which may, I think, with advantage, be considered together in the remarks which I shall now address to you. It will be of comparatively little use to regulate by an ordinance the appointment of clergymen to organised parishes and to newly constituted missionary districts, unless we can also arrange for obtaining either from the mother country or from our colonial universities and theological colleges, a due supply of clergymen well qualified to fill vacancies which may from time to time occur in our duly constituted parochial districts, and to occupy those centres of almost missionary enterprise which, if our branch of the Catholic Church of Christ is to attempt to fulfil her high responsibilities, ought, without delay, to he established in the more sparsely populated districts in the interior of the colony, whilst the due supply of this all important necessity will in great measure depend on the provision that is made for the sustentation of the clergy. We, my brethren, are taught to bear each other's burdens, and so fulfil the law of Christ and I feel sure that the inhabitants of the more settled and prosperous portions of the colony will esteem it as a duty and privilege to assist, as far as they are able, the settlers in the poorer and more sparsely populated districts of the interior. " Upon my first arrival in the colony, I stated it to be my deliberate opinion that a clergyman in full order ought not to receive a smaller annual stipend than £300, with a parsonage, or an allowance in lieu of house rent and in my opening address to the Synod of 1868,1 gave it as my opinion that in any colonial diocese, where it was practicable, a system of partial endowments for the support of the clergy in the different districts, to be supplemented by voluntary contributions of the members of the congregations to whom they ministered, would be found to be the most desirable and satisfactory expedient. That to be entirely supported by voluntary contributions, in my judgment, places the clergy in a state of unhealthy depend- ence upon the will of the congregation ; whilst, on the other hand, it appears to me that the system of entire endowment is exposed to the danger of rendering the clergy too independent of the affectionate respect and goodwill of those who are committed to their pastoral supervision. I am, then, in my own mind, fully persuaded that with a view to the sustentation of the clergy, we shall, in our organization of this diocese, do well to endeavor to provide a system of partial endowments, to be augmented by the voluntary contributions. of the members of the congregation, together with the Easter offering, which I believe affords to the different congregations a healthy way of expressing their due appreciation of the faithful and diligent ministrations of their pastor j and with regard to the appointment of the clergy, I will now only say that it is, in my judgment, desirable that the different congregations should, in some recognized way, have a voice in the selection, remembering that a clergyman, when once presented to the bishop and by him approved and appointed to a cure, has a moral, if not a legal right to the regular quarterly or monthly payment of the stipend which was assured to him upon his presentation, and that he cannot, when once appointed, be removed from his cure, except upon just cause shown either to the Bishop or to some tribunal appointed by the Synod and approved by the Bishop. I trust that the Synod in its present session may be able either by the establishment of a central fund, or by means of the proposed canon for providing for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Extension Fund, to make some arrangement for the more regular and certain payment of the stipends of the clergy. "CanonJ'or Establishing a Diocesan Fund. " The principle asserted in this Canon is one which will, I feel sure, commend itself to the judgment of this Synod, and will, I trust, receive the cordial and earnest support of the members of the Church throughout the diocese. In the Old Testament, the claim of God was pronounced upon a motion of the substance of all who entered into covenant with Him, and when the tenth, due to Him who is the Giver of every blessing that we enjoy, had been paid, the free-will offering was accepted as the tribute of a loving heart to a merciful and loving Father, and in the Christian dis- pensation, which exchanges principles for rules-a dispensation established upon better promises, and grounding obedience upon higher motives-it will be difficult to prove that less than a tithe of our substance is the property of the Lord. The time has come for some decided effort to be made, and the consciences of the laity must be awakened to supply the lack of aid upon the part of the State in providing the ordinances of the Church for themselves and for their children. "In former days, kings wore the nursing fathers and queens the nursing mothers of God's Church, and in the settlement of the earlier colonies of the British Empire, the Crown being in theory the owner of the soil, which was considered to be held in trust for the benefit of the British nation, in the creation of each new colony, and the laying-out of each now township, portions of land were reserved, by the will of the Sovereign, for the purposes of religion. These clergy reserves,' as they were called, were, in British North America, a most important means for the first establishment of Christianity in that land, although at a subsequent period they were often a cause of litigation and dispute, and have in some instances, I believe, been diverted from the purpose ((which they were originally devoted. " Whilst the principle embodied in the opinion of which I am now speaking must, I think, commend itself to every one of us, the nation itself, in my opinion, is not sufficiently comprehensive. Our Church Society, although it has for some time been in abeyance, still exists. It has no inconsiderable sum of money yet at its disposal, and it might well, I think, place that at the disposal of the Council of the Diocesan Synod, to whom it is proposed in the canon that the management of the Church Extension Fund should be entrusted. I hope, therefore, that whilst the principle of the proposed canon is preserved, its objects, when in committee, may be so extended as to enable it to comprise those which are embodied in the constitution of the Diocesan Church Society viz., the supply of clergy and their maintenance ; the building of churches, parsonages, and schools ; education 2 and the establishment in different parts of the diocese of depots for the sale of bibles and prayer books and other religious publication, and the promotion of other objects of general Church extension. I have said, my brethren, that whilst on principle I regret the abolition of State-aid, I do not desire that it should be re-imposed. That which the State does not give it cannot with any sense of justice attempt to take away. In this colony we have never known establishment and we need not fear disestablishment. The trust-deed of the Wesleyans has, I believe, effectually prevented any attempt at the secularisation or alienation of their endowments, and although it will require such ctvroful preparation that I do not consider that it would be wise to make the attempt in the present session, yet, with the advantages which are enjoyed by the Synod, as at present constituted, I hope that if we are all spared another year, some such trust-deed for the security of our Church property to the purposes for which it is devoted may be adopted by us. Education. " Allow me, my brethren, on this important subject to road to you a few words extracted from my opening address to the Synod of 1868. The school, my brethren, has ever been regarded as the handmaid of the Church, and in a well- ordered parish next in importance to the ministrations of the ordained pastor we may- regard the efficiency of the teachers of the day and Sunday school. Some of our daily schools, as at Fortitude Valley, South Brisbane, and Toowoomba, are, I am glad to say-, assisted by the Board of General Education, but in these it is found necessary by practical experience that there should be an adjustment of the relative position occupied by the inspector appointed by the Board and the clergyman of the parish subject to the supervision of the Bishop. To others of our schools, as at St. John's, Spring Hill, and Ipswich, aid has been refused, but it is only fair that I should say that since he)- re turn from England our applications for assistance to these schools have not been renewed. " During the recess the applications for assistance to the schools of St. John's, Spring-hill, and Ipswich, have been renewed, and in the case of St. John's and Spring-hill, aid has been granted by the Board. At Ipswich, it has again been refused, and for the reason previously assigned in answer to the former applications of the clergyman and local patrons for assistance -viz., that there was an abundance of unoccupied room in the vested schools established by the Board in that town, in which the children of our schools might be received. Ipswich, it must be remembered, was one of the schools assisted by the Government of New South Wales previous to Separation, and one of the schools referred to in the letter of the then Colonial Secretary, the Hon. R. G. W. Herbert, addressed to me at the time when the Act for establishing the Board of General Education was about to come into operation. In that letter Mr. Herbert said he had little doubt but that we should be glad to avail ourselves of the advantages which were secured under the Act to our existing schools. The school attached to St. Paul's Church, at Ipswich, was at that time one of our existing schools, but the clergyman and local patrons of that school have found no advantage secured to them under the Act, unless the persistent refusal of the board to grant the assistance for which they have asked is to be so regarded. This is a fact which I think requires no comment, and I may add that, if I am rightly informed, subsequently to a former refusal of the Board, based upon the unoccupied space existing in their vested school, assistance was given by the Board to the non-vested school of another religious denomination in that town, without any reference to their refusal to entertain our prior application. The clergyman and the local patrons of the school at Ipswich, have, I understand, placed the matter in the hands of their local representatives in the Legislative Assembly, and I trust that this may lead to an alteration in the regulation of the Board which presses so heavily, and, in my opinion, so un- fairly upon one of our schools existing at the time when the Education Act came into operation. The religious education of the younger members of our communion, both in our daily and Sunday- schools, is, I need scarcely say, a subject of the deepest importance and if it commends itself to the judgment of the Synod, it would be well if a small select committee were appointed to co-operate with me in my communications with the Board and in the general supervision of our schools. Such committee might be called the Diocesan Board of Education, and it would be one of the duties of the Board to consider whether it might not be desirable to make some provision for afford- ing to the children of our own communion, in the vested school of the Board of General Education some opportunities of religious instruction under the clause in the regulations of the Board, which permits special religious in Btuction to be given before or after the usual school hours, and offers to make the necessary arrangements for that purpose. " Lay Agency. "And this, my brethren, leads me to say a few wordsuponthe subject of lay agency. Ifthisvalu able assistance in needful in the Church at home, much more is it necessary in our colonies, where the ordained ministers of religion are comparatively few in number, and many of them placed in charge of a pastoral district often larger in territorial extent than some of our English dioceses. Why should it be thought that the duty of the lay members of the Church is limited to the arms and oblations which they bring to the service of the Lord. They daily repeat the portion of our Lord's own prover ' Thy kingdom come,' and the coming of that kingdom is to be the object of their daily endeavor, as it is of their daily petition at the Throne of Grace. In our pastoral stations, which, of necessity, can only enjoy the quarterly, or, at the most, the monthly visit of the ordained minister of religion, if the offering of united prayer- is to be set forth in God's sight as the income and the lifting up of the hands of the evening Barndee, we must return in some measure to the simplicity and sincerity of the patriarchal times, to the rude matter of Noah, to the place where the patriarch Abraham was wont to stand before the Lord, to the pillar that Jacob ' set up at Bombay.' The layman may, with the sanction of the Bishop, conduct the soul stirring worship of our Book of Common Prayer, he may' road, and if found competent to do so, explain the purport of God's written Word he may-, under the direction of the authorised minister, visit the sick and comfort the hard-hearted, but he cannot administer the sacraments, pronounce with authority the declaration of divine pardon to those who truly repent and unfeignedly believe that gOspel ; he cannot bless in his Divine Master's name, or discuss with the solemn benediction the congregation amongst whom he has ministered. " Conference of Bishops. " I have placed on the table for the use of the members of the Synod, copies of the minutes of the late Conference of Bishops. The Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, in inviting the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania to take part in the consecration of the Cathedral at Sydney, invited us at the same time to take counsel together upon various matters affecting the well being of the Church, and we desire to commend the conclusions at which we arrived to the consideration of the Church in the several dioceses of the province. " The first subject then proposed for our consideration may be said, my brother, to involve the whole object of our Conference, which was to define the present relation of the Church of England in the province of Australia, or I might say, of the Church of England in the colonies generally, to the Church at home, and to consider the best means of maintaining such relation, and we were unanimously of opinion that the relation of the Church in the colonies to the Church at home is one of identity of doctrine and worship, and of subjection to the law of the Church of England so far as it is applicable to a Church not established by law, and that that relation may practically be best maintained by a system of diocesan and provincial synods, by a common court of appeal, and by a council of reference I have, my brethren, always been of opinion that, with a view to unity of organisation and of action in our several dioceses, it is very desirable that there should, in addition to our Diocesan Synods, be a general Synod for the whole province j and if such should be the opinion of the Synod, it may be well, before the close of our session, that we should, by a resolution of the Synod, give a formal expression to that opinion, as was lately done by the Church Assembly of Melbourne in their annual session. I should be unwilling altogether to pass over although I do not think that it is necessary to dwell at any length upon-the 7th Minute of our Conference, which caused some anxiety amongst the members of the Church in the diocese of Sydney. On the law upon this subject I will give one short extract from the most recent edition of Mr. Cripps' practical Treatise on the law relating to the Church and clergy are No person appointed to a cure of souls can quit that cure, or discharge himself of it, but upon good motives, to be approved by the superior who committed it to him stand with regard to the meaning of the resolution, I may say that I considered it to apply, not to a clergyman receiving from a recognised patron or board of patrons a nomination to an incumbency, but to a clergyman applying to a bishop for ministerial employment in his diocese. " Report of the Select Committee appointed to enquire Mo and report upon the present State of the Administration of the Marriage Rule as it affects the Church of England in the Marriage of her Members. I do not consider that it is competent for a Diocesan Synod to abrogate or alter a canon or rubric of the Church, and in a new country where ill- considered, and I fear I must add, often unlawful marriages are attempted to be contracted, we should, I consider, be very careful how we in any way discourage the publication of banns, and an objection which I entertain to the scale of fees recommended by the Synod, that whilst it lessens the expenses attendant on a marriage by license, it increases the expense of a marriage by banns ; it would thus discou- rage the due observance of the wise provision of the Church, and press heavily upon those who can least afford it-the newly arrived immigrant, desiring to take for better and for worse one who may Buavewithhimin the joys and sorrows, the hopes and the fears, attendant upon a settlement in a new country. I also consider that the requirement of the canon law that the marriage should be solemnised between the hours of 9 and 12 in the forenoon, was, not only with a view to publicity, but with regard to the rubric at the close of of the marriage service, which says :-' It is convenient that the newly married persons should receive the Holy communion at the time of their marriage, or at the first opportunity after their marriage, for if it has not positively forbidden, the Church has always discouraged the administration of the Holy Communion subsequently to the partaking of the chief meal of the day. What then would I propose, for I fully sympathise with the committee in their desire that the hours for the solemnisation of marriages should be extended, and the expenses diminished. I would recommend the continuance of the canonical hours wherever it is practicable to observe them, but I would give to the officiating clergy- man a discretionary power of solemnising marriages at any time between sunrise and sunset, and I would accept the scale of fees lately adopted in the Diocese of Newcastle viz., Marriage by license On taking out a license, registrar's fees, £1 ; surrogate's foo, 10s. This too would, I consider, not be necessary when the application was made directly to the Registrar of the Diocese, and the necessary declarations made and taken before him. On solemnisation of marriage clergyman's fee (complimentary), in no case less than 10s. ; clerk or Boxton's foo, 53\. Marriage by banns On putting in hands for publication, 2s. 6d. on solemnisation of marriage clergyman's fee, 5s. ; clerk or sexton's fee, 2s. 6d. And if this or some similar scale of fees, with the extension of hours which I have suggested, commends itself to the approval of the Synod, I shall be quite ready to provide and lay upon the table an amended code of marriage regulations, following the precedent of my right reverend brother the Bishop of Newcastle, when a similar desire was expressed by the Synod of his diocese. This action upon my part would not, however, ron der unnecessary the expediency of our petition- ing the Government to lay before Parliament a measure for diminishing the facilities which are afforded under the present Act for the contrac- tion of hasty and ill-considered marriages, and for affording greater facility for the prosecution of those who may be guilty of deliberate perjury. " Church Progress. " Those of you, my brethren, who wore morn bers of the late Synod, will remember that the necessity for providing for the religious instruc- tion of the members of the Church who are prisoners in the gaol was brought before the Synod, by one of the lay members, and the Synod will be glad to hear that during the recess I have been able to make provision for the holding of Divine service in the gaol once on every Sunday, and for the pastoral visitation of the prisoners during the week. " I have trespassed somewhat at length, my rev. brethren and my brethren of the laity, upon your patience, but I cannot bring my address to a close without adverting to the progress of Church extension in the diocese. I am thankful to be able to say that during the past year I have been able to supply a want which, bíiico the withdrawal through illness of their late pastor, was severely felt by the members of the Church in the Burnett district, by the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Alkin. I have also been able to form a new district on the Darling Downs, with Leyburn for its centre, by the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Joshua Jones, and to make provision for the spiritual wants of the members of the Church at Gympie, and in that neighborhood by the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Campbell. My most pressing want at the present moment is that of a well qualified clergy- man to undertake the pastoral charge of Copper- field and Clermont, with the surrounding district. Nor has the past year been unfruitful in church building. Considerable progress has been made in the new church at Warwick, a new church at Tingalpa has been consecrated, a church has been built and opened for Divine service at Gympie; the foundation-stone of a new church at Toowoomba, and of a church upon Wickham-terrace, within the limits of the municipality of Brisbane, have been kindly laid by His Excellency the Governor. A church is about to be erected by the settlers at Oxley Creek, and a convenient sea-horse for the resi- dence of the Bishop and his successors, with a chapel attached to it, has been provided by the kindness of friends in England. " Almost the concluding net of our first Synod which I was requested to forward to His Grace the Primate of all England, acknowledging with feelings of gratitude and respect the pastoral letter of the Archbishops and Bishops of the Anglican Communion, assembled at Lambeth, under His Grace's presidency, in September 1867. "Since that letter was written the Church of our far hers has deeply mourned the loss of that truly wise and sagacious prelate, who, by God's providence, placed at the helm in troublesome and anxious times, tended much by his fatherly and prudent counsel to the safe guiding of the barque through many an opposing shoal. Often might that venerable prelate have been found, like Eli of old, by the wayside watching, for his heart trembled for the Ark of God but he now speaks to us, my brethren, from the unseen world, and with his pure and gentle spirit are the spirits of two who, in an especial manner, I put forward the gathering of Unit great Conference, and tended 80 much, by their wives and prudent counsels, to bring it to a successful issue. The wisdom of the late Archbishop, in summoning that Conference, will long be felt by the branches of the Colonial Church, as they assemble in their diocesan and provincial Synods. The Metropolitan Bishop of Montreal, in British North America, and the Venerable Bishop, who with so much prudence and sagacity presided over the Church in the United States of North America, and the much loved and deeply lamented Primate of the Church of England, all took on an active part in the gathering of that Conference, and conducting it to so successful an issue and now, though so brief a time has passed, they all speak to me, my brethren, from the unseen world, and what is the key note of their voice as it reaches us from that for off, and to us, unknown land ? ' What soever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might, for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave, whither thou goes.' My brethren, may the Holy Spirit, who presided over the councils of the Church in the days of old, so with us in this our solemn gathering as before the Lord, and may the Holy Ghost the Comforter, who, given to the Church by the risen and ascended Lord, was to abide with her for over, guide us into that perfect peace of God which passeth all understanding." It was decided that the address should be printed. REPORT OF? THE DIOCESAN COUNCIL. (Abridqed). " The Diocesan Council, in reporting to the Synod their proceedings for the past year, regret that they have to do so through the secretary of the Synod j for they found that, owing to an oversight the part of the late Synod, when passing the Canon to regulate election of synodsmen, they were prevented from acting as a body after the 25th of March, 1859 the day upon which the Synod of 1868 was dissolved according to the provisions of the 5th clause of the canon above-mentioned. The council would therefore recommend that the clerical members of the council, and such portion of the lay members thereof as may be re-elected to the Synod of 1869, should appear as an executive body during the ensuing session of Synod, until their successors are appointed on the last day of the session and in order to enable them to have the necessary powers for so doing, and thereby prevent any irregularities which might arise, the council further recommend that the Standing Orders be suspended on the first day the now Synod meets, with the view of passing through all its stages a short canon, declaring such clerical members as were elected to the council by the late Synod, and such lay members re-elected to the new Synod as were members of the council during the recess, to constitute the Diocesan Council during the session, any provision to the contrary notwithstanding. A draft canon to carry this into effect has been prepared, and forms Appendix A to this report. Provision has also been made, in another draft canon, to prevent for the future, any such awkward contingency as is herein referred to. "The subject of religious instruction to members of the Church being prisoners in the gaol, having been brought under the consideration of the Synod, was one of the first matters to occupy the attention of the Council and the Council have much pleasure in reporting that arrangements have been made whereby Divine service is held once every Sunday in the gaol, and the prisoners visited regularly by the clergyman during the week. E. W. Bihsmnk, Chairman. Appendix A. " Draft Canon to provide for the Constitution of a Diocesan Council during the Session of the Synod of 1860. "Whereas by the provisions of the Canon for convening the Synod, and for regulating the election of Synodsmen to the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland, it was declared that the Synod elected during the year 1868 should be dissolved on to the twentyfifth day of March, 1869: And whereas doubts have arisen whether the members of the Synod of 1868, elected by that Synod to form the Diocesan Council can, even when re-elected to the Synod, properly continue to act as members of the said council after the aforesaid twenty-fifth day of March, 1869 : And whereas it is desirable and necessary to make provision for the continuance of the said Diocesan Council in office during this present session of the Synod, and until such time as their successors are appointed : Be it there- fore declared and established by the Bishop, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Brisbane, in Synod assembled, as follows: " 1. The clerical members of this Synod who were elected as members of the Diocesan Council by the Synod, during the session hold at Brisbane in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, and such lay members of this Synod as were elected by the Synod aforesaid as members of the said Diocesan Council, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, the Diocesan Council of the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane, until their successors are appointed by this Synod, any rule or regulation to the contrary notwithstanding and such Council shall have all the powers and authority conferred on the Diocesan Council by the said Synod. " 2. The provisions of this canon shall continue and remain in force only until the last day of the present season of the Synod, and no longer." Appendix B contained recommendations to amend the regulations affecting marriages solemnized by clergymen of the Church of England, including a considerable reduction in the foes. On the following day, May 26, a resolution was carried to the oireot,-"That a Select Com- mittees be appointed to inquire into and report upon the desirability or otherwise of petitioning the Legislature to repeal the Act 8 William IV., No. 5, intituled on Act to regulate the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales 5 and the Act 21 Victoria, No. 4, inti- tuled uri Act to amend the Act passed in the eighth your of his late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled an Act to regulate the temporal affairs of Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South Wales, and now in force in this colony. And should they-, in their opinion, consider it desirable that those Acts should be repealed, that they be requested to prepare a bill for that purpose, to be submitted to the Synod, in its next session, for approval." On the understanding that when o Diocesan Council was appointed the council was to be substituted for the committee, draft canons were read a first time to " regulate the appointment and to define the powers and duties of the Dio- coson Council for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Extension Fund to provide for the formation and division of parishes to go- unto the appointment of clergymen to parishes is to provide for the constitution of a Diocesan Council during the session of the Synod of 1869." At the sittings on the 27th, regulations in conformity with the recommendations of the Diocesan ' Committee with reference to the solemnizing of marriages, were brought in and adopted. At the sittings on the following day, the draft canon to regulate appointments and define the powers and duties of the Diocesan Council was read a second time, also the canons for the establishment of a Diocesan Church Extension Fund. The second reading of the canons for the constitution of a Diocesan Council during the session of 1869, and to provide for the formation and division of parishes were negatived. At the sittings on the 31st a resolution was carried affirming the desirability of inviting lay members of the Church to assist the clergy in the performance of Divine Worship, and in establishing Sunday Schools for the instruction of the young in districts which were at present destitute of ministerial supervision and instruc- tion. A second resolution was carried containing a declaration to be made by Bill Synods mea elected (to the Synod for the first time. At the sitting on the 1st, a select committee was appointed for the purpose of preparing a draft of a trust deed for scouring the property of the Church in this colony. The draft canon, to regulate the appointment of clergymen to parishes, was rejected on its second reading, A resolution was carried on the 2nd, to the effect that it be an instruction to the Diocesan Council to take into consideration the desirability and practicability, or otherwise, of establishing a clergy widows' and orphans' fund. At the sittings of the Bell instant, the draft canon, appointing the Diocesan Council, was read a third time and passed. The following gentlemen were elected by ballot to form the. council :-Olorgy-Ven. Archdeacon Glennie, Rev. John Mosely, Rev. Thomas Jones, Rev. John Sutton, Rev. James Matthews, Rev. F. C. Jagg. Laity- Mr. Justice Lutwyche, Mr. Suter, Mr. Drove, Mr. Bernays, Mr. W. T. Blakeney, Hon. John Douglas. A resolution was carried to the effect " that it be an instruction to the Diocesan Council to endeavor to adopt measures by which the clergy of the outlying districts may be assisted in giving their attendance at the next Synod." Also, a resolution to the effect, " That a select committee be appointed to prepare a memorial to His Excellency the Governor in Council, respectfully requesting His Excel- lency to cause a measure to be brought before Parliament to amend the present Marriage Act." A resolution, affirming the desirability of a General Synod for the whole province of Australia was agreed to. The Synod was then adjourned until January, 1870, for the purpose of enabling the committee appointed for that purpose to prepare the draft of a trust deed for securing the property of the Church in this colony. 