Random Jottings. By NEMO. I hardly thought that I would bo ablo to giro you an artiolo this week, as from tho fact of "Pegasus" taking a wholo week to answer my romarks concerning him, I fully expected that I would have been swept from the face of the earth. However, his attaok upon me was harmless enough, and as devoid of reason and argument as usual. He has, for tho first limo in his lift», admitted himself beaten, and that is something, even though it bo only by a head. Ho contonds that ho only lost tho Derby by a head; and in so stating ho is right, hut the only head he has to blame is his own. "Pegasus" seems to have known nearly as much about Charon'* leg as he did about Barbarian':*, and yet with all lils knowledge ho was unable to put his followers on anything better than Detective. As his information concerning " Tho Police- man" was so reliable, it is only natural to infer that it is equally so with reference to Charon. I think I know quito ns much of tho state of tho colt as my friend, and that knowledgo tends to tho belief that his leg did not crack in or after tho Derby. Afy friend says that I have just earned my prophetic reputation by naming the winner of tho Derby. Perhaps ho is right 5 but I think not, and would rather attribute the little reputation I have attained to having named twenty-one winners out of thirty-eight races at tho last Randwick Autumn and Spring Meetings, and in th roo of the losing races not having had a start for my " tips." Since tho Derby was auoh a "narrow squeak," I will give up that victory, and oven then I hnvo a good set of legs to stand upon. "Pega- sus" appears to be suffering under tho delusion that all that is required of him is to name a horsa who will come to tho post and start at a short price, so that thoso who have backed him moy havo nn opportunity of hedging, and tries to consolo his followers by tolling them that it was their own fault if they lost their money. This is a very ingonious excuse ; but " Pegasus" forgets how con Qdent ho was of tho result of tho race, and how earnestly he advised his friends to "pop iton" up to tho last moment lie says I should bo thankful that Barbarian did not start, and asserts that had ho done so he would not hare bean first or seoond. As ho was so correct in his opinions before the race, of course this unsupported assertion after it must be taken as gospol, and conse- quently thti bookers of the blank colt and myself hare every reason to bo thankful for tho accident. But there ia something else that your readers should also ba grate- ful for, and that is, that "Pegasus" nearly gave up Moselle, and that sho did not win, for had eho dona so, column after column would have been written about her, and one would nover hear tho end of it until some other of tho ." groat gun's" pols did a good thing, and thus afford moro food for his really useful pen. 1 havo always been at a loss to understand where " Pegasus" really expeoted Charon to finish. At first I thought ho named him to bo third, but tho following extract from hts last wook's articlo has unsottled mo again, and I am now moro puzzled than ever: " Then tho bookers of ' Dotective,' who did hedge, had a good idea from me to back ' Charon,' who was my si . md piok a fortnight before tho race ; though I thought then, as I havo always thought, and as I think now, that ' Lamps' was, is, and.always will be, tho bettor of the two Melbourne cracks. I thought him tho sounder of tho two, and that bis legs wero moro, likely than ' Charon's' to carry him through ' tho Derby j' all Pve coan convince; mo Í. was right horein, and that ho was moro reliablo than tho other." Now, cun "Pegasus" havo any conscience when ha first of all warns the public off the colt, and then, when ho comes home in front, oontends that it was little short of.a miracle j and then, to put a toppor on all ho had previously written, says that his followors should havo taken tho " idea" from him, and booked Charon. "Pegasus" always argues after tho manner of an eel on a mud-bank ; but thia time I fear he has fixed himself hard and fast, and with all his cleverness will hare his work cut out for him to wriggle out of his troubles. The programme for the Tattorsall's Club races was pub- lished somo few weeks back. Tho present bill of fare differs a great deal from its predecessors, as on this occasion tharo aro to be two days' racing instead of ono. The spirit evinced by the Club in providing a second day's sport is to be commended, and I trust their efforts will bo rewarded with tho success they deserve The Tattorsall's Club races have now taken quito a high rank in turf circles ; and I think a great deal of this success is duo to tho exertions of tho Secretary, Mt- Herald, who bas occupied that onorous position for along timo, and during his tonuro of office has spared no timo or trouble to placo the affairs of tho club in a satisfactory position. I fool Büro all your readers will join with mo in hoping that Mr Herald may long hold tho Secretaryship of Tattorsall's Club, ua I am suro that ho is most decidedly "tho right man in tho right place." The following aro tho events to bo decidod on the first day : -Pony raco for ponies 14 hands and under, Maiden Plate, Trial Stakes, Tatteraall's Club Cup Handicap, Mombors Plato and Selling Stakes j and on the second day- Handicnp Hurdlo Race, Derby Handicap, Now Year's Gift Handicap, Helter Skelter, and Prco Handi- cap. Tho prizes aro liberal, and ns there aro plenty of useful nags knocking round, tho. meeting is likely to provo an excellent ono. Tho Cup will, of course, bo tho centre of intorost. There- aro twenty-one nomina- tions and, us tho handicapper of tho Club gonorally turns out a good one, a great raco may bo looked for. Most of, tho horses entered are also engaged to take part in the Melbourne Meeting j but they will hare ample time to return , »nd try their luok here. ' The second day ti may be called the "Handioap day," ai out of tho Qvo races ;' on tho Hat four are lmndioaps.. The .Hurdle Race has j always been, a favourite item with the many-beaded, and will prove a capital draw, as mony I know would go if it were only to see the " stick " jumping. By tho. way, , I fanoy it would-not bo a bad idea to add a hurdle race- .' for gontlemcn riders to the programme. There ara any number of amateurs who wou!d only be too glad of an opportunity of having a fly over timber ; and I think that gentlemen "stick negotiators" should, be encour- aged, and made a feature in tho programme of every race meeting. . ? The Wollongong Turf Club Meeting is advertised to come off on/ the 5tb, 6th, and 7th of next month. Tho general entry took placo last Saturday, but up to the present I have only seen the nominations for the two principal handicaps, which were published in last Saturday's Bell. For the Turf Club Handicap (ono milo and a half), there are only four entries ; Stumpy has to give Grey'Momus 6lbs actual weight ; and taking the running at the late meeting as a guide, the Grey appears to hold Mr DoMestre's "bob-tail'-' pretty safe; yet Stumpy is a good ono, and not to be despised, and I doubt if his lalo performances can bo much relied upon, as ho ron very badly, and quito out of all form. How- ever, there's no test like publio running ; so if " The Momus" be himself, he should put this down to Mr Ivory's bank account. Carnation should have a slight chance of scoring a win, but at present I am unable to say whether sho will honor tho meeting with her presence. Tho Maid of Erin's star hos set, I fear, and I doubt her ability to make a raco even with tho light impost of 6st 71b. Haifa dozen names are down to take part in the Grand Handicap, and publio form again points most unmistakably to tho "Grey." Marks- man is nicely in, and will, perhaps, distinguish himself ; but though a " bad-'un" to beat for a mile or under, I like him not for two, as lie tires very fast, and always fails to como at the right end. Stumpy holds the position of honor with Ost to his credit, and with that to dispose of I cannot soe how he can possibly get to the front. Carnation will meet "Tho Momus" on about tho same terms as in thc Turf Club Handicap, so when tho numbers have gone up for that your readers will havo a first-rate lino to assist thom. Crabby Down is hardly class enough, even with 6st 121b up, and Marske, though not half a bad stump, has not. hitherto dona anything to justify one in thinking his chance a rosy one. Yet he is worthy of an outside shot or two. I liked him much as a two-year-old, but latterly he has not pleased mo muoh. Doubles are bad goods at tho best of times ; still should your readers be tempted to toko on, I should recommend "Momus and Momus," or "Momus and Carnation" as the roost likely to como off. ' Mr Tait's and Mr leo's strings left in tho City of Adelaide for Molbourno, on Wednesday last. That of tho former consisted of Doteotive, Poison, Traverton, and Warwick ; and that of the latter, Tho Fop, Surbiton, Bar bello, Phcebe, and the Misty Morn colt. Barbarian waa left at home, and I am exceedingly glad of it, as ho will now havo plenty of timo to get " his leg" repaired, and so bo enabled to moko his non-admirers cat no end of humble pie when the judgo gives his St. Xegor decision. Next week I will send you a few remarks upon tho Homebush Derby and Trial Stakes. At present the Derby bears tho aspect of a moral, for I defy anyone, bo he ever so clever, to pick one that can have tho ghost of a chanco with tho Cossack filly. 