ALBURY CONVENT. RECEPTION OF TWO NUNS. Sunday last, the 14tb instant, will be long remembered by the Catholics of this town. Oa that day was witnessed the reception of two novices into tbe Order of Mercy community—namely, Miss Jane Hilley, now, in religion, Sister Mary Bridget, third daughter of Mr. O. Hilley, of Yass, and Miss Frances H'Grath, of Dublin, now Sister Mary Joseph. The interesting and imposing ceremonial being the first of the kind which has taken place at the new Convent of St. Bridget at this place, was naturally the subject of mucb interest among the Catholic congregation, as well as of a good deal of curiosity among members of other Churches. The day being fine, the Church was densely crowded, while many persons remained outside under a burning sun. At eleven o'clock a procession issued from the Convent in the following order:— Cross-bearer; about sixty young girls belonging to the school, all of them being dressed in white and with white veils; novices in white; assistant—superioress with one of the novices elecl, followed by the reverend mother of the Convent with the other novice. Both of the young lady novices were tastefully dressed as for an ordinary wedding, with long bridal veils, orange blossom wreath, &c.; They were succeeded by tho Very Rev. Dr. M'Alroy, V.G. (who on this occasion represented the Catholic Bishop of the Diocese) as celebrant, ar.ii ihe Rev. W. Bermingham, assistant celebrant. As the procession entered the church, down which a passage had been cleared with aome little difficulty, tbe choir entoned a beautiful hymn, " O gloriouB Virgin," &c.;, with fine effect. The pro' cession proceeded slowly down the church, and filed off on each side of the altar, where seats had been provided. The ordinary service of mass was then celebrated by Dr. M'All-oy, who afterwards addressed the congregation in explanation of the ceremony which V>QB about to take place. He dwelt upon the efficacy of a more extended self sacrifice than a mere ordinary compliance with the obligations of Christianity, and in support of this view he quoted the case of the young man on whom our Saviour imposed special acta of mortification in reply to his enquiry as to " what he Bhould do to inherit eternal life." The spcaku* mentioned the eternal rewards promised to tho Apostles who asked " what were they to receive who gave up the world to follow him"; and, lastly, the incident in the new Testament story where Martha was reprovingly told by the Saviour that Mary her friend " had choseu the better part." Ho compared the choice of Mary with that of the novices, and pointed out the high honour to which those young ladies aspired in offering themselves as Brides of the Spotless Lamb. The duties they were ubout to undertake imposed upon tbem tho solemn obligations of humility, chastity, and obedience. The several stages of probation through which intending nuns were required to pass were amply sufficient to enable novices to know their own inclination towards a conventual life and to find out whether they were gifted with the proper vocation for it. The present ceremony now about to take place would be in compliance with tbe well-matured wish which the noviceselect had thus been enabled to form. When the service of mass had been celebrated the Eev. W. Bermingham preachcd a sermon inculcating the efficacy of compliance with the ordinances of the church aB regards tbe keeping of Lent. The ceremony of Reception then commenced with the interrogation of the Postulants, the blessing of the garments to be worn by the newly-made nuns, and as all this is new here we are induced, as closely as possible, to follow the ceremonies, in order that our readers may the better understand them. The Celebrant first tilessed two wax tapers, and giving one to cach postulant, said j—"^Hcceivo, beloved daughters, this corporal light, as an emblem of the inward, that, iljnn.iiutcd with the light of Divine Wisdom, with the fervour of the Holy Ghost, you may deserve to be eternally united with Christ." Subsequently he questioned each postulant SB follows :— Celebmnt: My child, what do you demand ? Novice: The mercy of God and the holy habit of religion. Celebrant; Is it of your own free will you demand this? Novice : Yes, my Lord. Celebrant: liererend mother, have you made the necessary enquiries and are you satisfied"? IWerend mother: Yep, my Lord. Celebrant: My child, have you a firm intention to persevere in religion to the end of your life, and do you hope for sufficient strength to carry constantly the 6weet yoke of our Lord Jesus Chri6t, solely for love and fear of God ? Novice: Belying on the mercy of God, I hope to be able to do so. Celebrant, then spreading his IIUIUIF over the novices, sojs:—What God has commenced in you may he perfect. Novices: Amen. The novices, with tho superioress and her assistant, then retired to the vestry or robing-room, and presently re-entered the church completely transformed in appearance. The worldly bridal-dress had been taken otf, and in its place was tbe sombre gurment of the Convent—in this caee, however, the while veil only wis worn, so that we presume the young ladies will be at liberty to re-enter the world again if they wish to do so at the end of another two years' probation, at the end of which time tbey will be eligible for the black veil. Bcfoie the noivces put on their new h&Uit;, the clothes were beld before the priest folded up iu baskets, and were blessed and sprinkled by him with holy water. WhilB th)9 was going on a very efficient choir under tbe able management of Mr. Hugo Alpen intoned the 113th and 83rd Psalms, but the effect of the music was often smothered by the lowness of the roof and tbe crowded state of the church. When the newly-clothed novices returned to the church the appropiate Psalms " Who is she that Cometh" and "Come my spouses from Libanus," &c.;, were performed, the wording of the musio being throughout in Latin. The novices were then severally invested with the cincture, veil, &c.;, appropriate prayers being said as each article of apparel was given to them. The Celebrant blessed the novices, who then several times repeated the words "Theempire of the world and the grandeur of the earth I have despised for tbe lore of our Lord Jesus Christ, whom I have seen, whom I have loved, and towards whom my heart inclines." After this part of the ceremony, which was somewhat unintelligible without o book, the novices handed their candles to one of the ladies of the Convent, and at the last Quern Vidi of the psslai the novices. prostrated themselves before the altar, the clergy and congregation all kneeling while the Hymn Peni Crealor Spirilus, " Come Holy Ghost, Creator, Oome," was being sung by the choir. The novices were then sprinkled with water, and assisted to rise, after which they received the "kiss and ombrace of peace and sisterhood " from the superioress and the other nuns. They then received their candles and took their place among the Religious; the procession was reformed and left the church while the song Ecce JKOm honum was being sung by the choir. The friends of the novices and many ladies were afterwards very handsomely entertained at breakfast at the Convent. A FIFE ABB DKUM BANS has been successfully established under the supervision of the Foresters' Lodge. Upwards of thirty boys have been already enrolled as members of the Band. THE TOWS Couuos.—At a meeting of the trustees of the Town Common, beld on Monday last, it was announced that a set of rules for the Common bad been sanctioned by tbe Attorney-General. Tenders for the office of Herdsman were therefore ordered to be invited, and it was decided that persons running stock upon the Common must register them, on pain of impounding. The bye-laws (reprinted on bur fourth page) were ordered to be printed and to be sold by the Town-Clerk. Cricket.—The following are tbe names of tha probable representatives of Beechworth in the cricket match against tbe Border dub, to take place on the Albury ground this day:—C. Heid, Gammon,Stanley, Bitlson, Moss, White, Webstar, Hickling, Sesrle, Tidymau, and Clark. Tba great zrmtoh between Tasmania end Victoria (pltyed at Melbourne last week) resulted in a bnge victoiy lor the Yictorians. The score of the Tasmanian eleven in their first innings was unaccountably email—namely, 18; but in the second innings 180 were run up t total, 148. The. Victorias* showed their absolute superiority over the Tastnaniana by scoring 414 in one innings. THE PBOPOSED CUSTOMS TJKION.—At meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, held on Friday last, the action of the committee in initiating a movement for the establishment of a Customs union for die Australian colonies was cordially approved of by resolution . Among the reasons adduced in the various addresses were the necessity for proper regulation of the border traffic, and the abolition of Custom-houses on the Mmray; and tint while the colony of Victoria now imported from Sew South Wales goods to the value of £120,000, the grsdual extension of kerosene and anger works also promised a laige future increase of exports from New South Wales. 