The Spring Handicaps. j By PEGASUS. Tho weights for tho Melbourne Cup and tho A.J.C. " Mctrop." havo now been sonio days before tho public, and hara given risa, of courso, to any nuiount of dis- cussion. Gouorally, opinions aro against tho Melbourne Handicap ; and although it isn't easy to pick a winner, I do not consider this a happy effort of tho Victorian Handicappers. Front The Barb at 11:7 to Miss Constance and company at 5:7 there is a margin of oxnetly six Btono-moro than I over reraomber to havo boforo seen in a handicap, onywhero; and at any roto tho advocates for making these handicap races slow cannot eay that orí tho prcsont occasion tho top weight is not high enough^ Loaring Tho Barb out of tho question altogether," tho top weight«, down to Pyrrhus, scorn to bo pretty well but of it, Warrior looking to bo tho best in. At 10:7 and 10:2 respectively, Gloncoe and "Tim" might hayo hud a chance; but 1 confess I can't sea that thor havo any under their present loads. Italian is no weight carrier nt two in i I as, and can iiavo no show whatever, unless ho improves vastly under now manngement, and . I must doubt this happening to him. Tho throe- four-year-olds at O-A each, aro regularly stopped ; and howovcr- good "ThcDream" and Gasworks may be, thcro is no sort of reason in asking Manuka to carry such an impost, oron should ha nrrivo all right from Now Zealand. "Stumpy," ns I loam, ran very well with Warrior at Goulburn, when carrying weight for agc, and ho did well in tho Sydnoy Cup with eight stone on his back; but I think ton pounds additional on him now will put a stop to him. Ho is not ns good a weight carrier ns Warrior, who I therefore oxpcot to beat him. Tho next lot, down to eight stone, includes tho Derby and Leger winnors witn two othor four-year-olds-Tho Earl and Darkie This last-named animal has run very well ; but as Tho Earl gave him sovon pounds and a clever beating at Homebush, it seems thero ought now to bo more than three pounds between thora. Howovcr, Tho Earl has not turned out as good as I used to expect him, or ho must haro won tho Legor ; but I think it may bo said with truth that thoro was a mUtako mado in riding the race. Of these four-year-olds The Duke looks best ; but I don't think ho's good onough ; and I think tho samo of Strop and Australian-Architect being unknown to mo. Tho next that looks well on paper aro "Rugs"and "Sir John"; and I shall not boat all astonished to seo his Honor's horso pull this great ovent od'. Circassian is fancied by a certain number ; but although his weight is very favourable I don't think ho's good enough to win a race of such magnitude. Traverton, Phoobo, Sir William, Blondín, Shenandoah, Lapdog, Saloin Soudder, and Albany aro in tho same category ; but I turn ntido tb notice Barbollo and Kingfisher, to noitltor of whom have tho handicappers boen unkind. Notwithstanding how tho filly has disappointed mo boforo, I havo still a fond- ness for her, and do not think it possible that oiithor of the top weight four-yoar-olds eau givo her nino-and- iwenty pounds, or anything like. With Kingfisher the question is, "can ho bo brought out sound ?" If ho does get fit to tho post ho must bo vary handy; but I prefnr Barbell«, with George Thompson up, to Mr Curtis's big horso. I liko not Marksman, Orvillo is not good enough, and of tho lot at seven stone I profor " Barbarian" ; though why tho big black colt should giro weight to Lamplighter I can't discover. Orango Blossom, in tito Australasian, is of opinion that Barbarian won tho Nursery Handicap with a stpno in hand when Lamplighter gavo him ton pounds; but I only thought it was a firo pound victory, and certainly should not havo mode a difl'eronco of twelvo pounds. I like both Barbarian auä Lamplighter infinitely botter than Charon, for divers roasons. Ono af tho best-trcatad negs of tho whole sixty-oight is " Tho Moor," and if Mr Do Clouctt has tho luck this time to get him fit (a feat lie has never yet performed when he has brought the blaok down toa Metropolitan Meeting) ha will tako a power of beating, or I om greatly mistaken. Old Barwon is too old, and not quite tho right quality. Tho "Melancholy Cove," Bishopbourne, and that Btotnp can't be dan- gerous ; Sheet Anchor, although backed to win any amount of money, I havo no fancy for, unless ho's a much batter animal than ho was last year ; but I ospect to seo somo of tho three year-olds, who oro receiving nearly three stone from tho craok "fours," finish vory forward. Such for instance as "Tho Fop," " Surbiton," "Partisan," "Agnes," and "Detective" "Paddy's Land " made tho great Glencoe race over Flemington, and ought to bo very dangerous this trip if any ot tho outsiders is good enough. Spooking generally, X may remark that tho great faults of this handicap seem to be- first, giving the top weights too muoh, and secondly, making tho good fours give tho good threes far too much weight. Thoso nags thnt at present I liko best aro " Sir John," "Eagpiokor," "Barbello," "Kingfisher," "Bar- barian," "Lamplighter," "Paddy's Laud," and tho dark three-year-olds, " Agnes " and "Detective," with War- rior as the most likely of tho heavy division. Tho'bund ¡cap for tho Mctrop. pleases mo much better than tho Melbourne Cup, because, although tho margin is twelve pounds lower than in the great Victorian affair, I think most nags haro a better chance Glencoe gives Tim 41bs, and as I don't expect tho chestnut to come out in his good old form after having been thrown out of work, I look upon Mr De Mostre's old favourite as one of the very best things in tho race. With 10'2 he beat easily everything but Tho Barb and Stumpy in the last Cup raco, and I quite expect it to como oil' so again, unless Glencoe proves too many for him. Italian, with 8'13, is a trifle better in than in tho Melbourne Cup j but even under this impost I don't think ho's oblo to copo with Glencoo or Tim ; and Stumpy has an extra eight ! pounds for his Cup second. If Phoebe can't win tho Alelbourno race, receiving twenlt/-íwo founds from Manuka and Cu., how is sha likely lo do any good in tho Motrop., wbero sho is in with thom at ovon weights. Theso four-yoar-olds ought to havo a fair chanco at 8 5 ¡ but not so Tho Moor, who has within 21bs of thom, in place of receiving thirty-four pounds, as in tho Melbourne Cup. I Can't havo Traverton, Circassian, or Kingfisher, or Albany, or Blondin, all of whom aro too noar to tho dangerous top weights ¡ and I was not impressed much in favor of Carnation iii tho Autumn. Tho second division of "fours" aro about on tho samo terms with tho first-class ones as iii tho other handicap ¡ but I like Thc Earl much batter at 7'<1 than at 8 G, and tho 81ba oil tho back of " Bags" will mako her almost fly. Rosebud lins no right to oomplain ; and as every pound off Bar- bello is an object, sho seems to be better in hore thon at Molbourno. Groy Momus is not good enough ; Hawdon ditto, if he doesn't go to India ; Amethyst I don't know ; Camel is capablo of being much improved, in which he differs from Al, who has no pretensions to run in big races liko this. Tho three-year-old division ought to moko a good show-Detective, Partisan, Idlo Boy, and Agnes being my fancy from among them ; Fleetwing is very little good, and Catapult a regular commoner. 1 seem to liko tho two top weights, and believe Tim to bc tho best worth investing on ; and besides thoso two I should recommend Mr Moifat's pair, somo of tho lighl weight four-year-olds, and tho threes from] fire thirteen downwards. I think our handicappers havo been happier in tho result of their labours than thoso of thc V.B.O. But thero aro somo great inconsistencies hort also ; for instanco, Darkie does not get oren his golding allowance from Tho Earl, which is hard to understand ; and Tho Duke, who won tho Dorby, receives a couple ol pounds from Darkio and three from The Earl. I think, howovor, Sydney this timo is to bo congratulated or having a bettor adjustment of weights. Since writing tho abovo I have learned that Gloncoi and Italian have been scratched for tho Melbourne Cup which docs not surpriso mo a bit, as thoy could ncitliei of them have had tho ghost of a chance. Tho pernicious working of our rule, which raises tho weightsjn lnrgi handicaps to Ost 5lbs, is shown very clearly in titi " Motrop.," where Glencoe has to accept, but withou an idoa of starting him, in order to provont Tho Italiar boing top weight, with 61bs more to carry than what hi is handicapped at. I hardly think Tim Whinier will bi struck out ; but this is only surmise on my part. . 