WOOL SCOURING ESTABLISHMENT AT CANNING DOWNS. We abridge from the Warwich Examiner and Times an account of the first woolseouring establishment on the Downs:—The sheep are shorn in the grease at the old woolshed, and tlie wool is then classed and sorted un^er the able supervision of Mr. J. II. Atkinson, who is well known in New South Wales for his cxperiencc in all matters connected with the wool trade. The wool is packed in bales, marked according to classification, and then carted away to the scoui-iug shed, which is situated about two miles distaut. On arriving at the shed (which is under the superintendence of Mr. C. W. Cox), it is placed on the ground and in single bales down a gangway to the scourers' shed. The shed is 80 feet long by 20 feet broad, having the advantage of being open on all sides, rendering it cool and pleasant for the men to work in—especially so when the thermometer, as on the day we visited it, was standing at 102 deg. in the shade. On one side are ranged four large tubs, each four feet six inches in diameter and two feet eight, inches high. These are for the reception of the wool in its greasy state. The tubs are filled with cold water by a pipe leading across the shod from the main tank, and heated by the surplus steam conducted to the tubs by a pipe from the engine boiler. The steam pipe is immersed nearly to the bottom of the tubs, and the water is thus raised to a temperature of 90 dej. and upwards in a minute or two according to the condition of the wool. To the hot water is also added a certain proportion of liquid, technically called "scour," being a composition of soft soap manufactured espe- cially for wool washing bv Messrs. Binney and Co., of the Soft Soap Works, Melbourne. The wool on being taken fro'n the hales is put into these tubs, and then covered over to prevent evaporation. It is allowed to remain in soak for an hour and upwards according to the state of the wool, and until the whole of the dirt is softened, when it is taken out and placarl on a grating above the tub to drain, allowing a great proportion of the "scour" to return into the tubs. It is then placed into smaller tubs to supply tho scourers who are lmsily engaged at the opposite side of the shed. At present there are ten scourers, but space is left for live additional pipes and tubs when all is completed. Each scourer takes into his basket from these tubs a small quantity of wool, technically termed a "dip," and placing it under the hose turns the water on by means of a string and rod attached to a valve and seat at the bottom of the tauk, which allows a continuous stream to play upon it during the time. To the moutli of each hose is attached two small parallel plates of t hin iron, which being drawn together by two screws regulate the quantity and force of water according to the scourer's requirements. • There is consequently any force of water at command, and the wool after being subjected to this is taken out ready for drying in a perfectly clean and white state. The scouring tubs which contain the baskets are three feet three inches in diameter and two feet three inches deep, and are so placed as to project about six or eight inches, with a slight incline, over a race, which conducts the dirty water to a large swampy flat about a quarter of a mile away, and some distance from the river. Every precaution has been taken in this respect to carry off the dirty water, and it is a matter of almost impossibility for it at any time to go'near the river. The large tank to which wo have referred is perhaps one of the principal features of the establishment. It runs the whole length of the slierl, being SO feet long, 2 feet 5A inches wide, and 2 feet 10 inches deep, and is rapahlo of containing 3025 gallons of water. It is from this tank that the scourers' tubs and baskets are supplied and from which the leather hoses are suspended. The water for the tank is obtained from the Condamine, and is drawn through a tunnel 57 feet long and 3 feet in diameter into a well 27 feet deep, by means of a centrifugal pump, and forcing it an additional S fe^t into the lar?e tank above referred to. Tlie pump is driven bv a horizontal high pressure steam engine, fifteen-horse power nominal, and capable of working np to thirty-horse ]>ower, with fifty pound pressure, and having a multi-tubular boiler, manufactured by J. •Sinclair, Cole's Wharf, Melbourne, upon the latest and most improved principle for economising fuel, The fly wheel which is attached to the engine is 11 feet 6 inches in diameter, and, when goiny the usual speed, makes seventy revolutions per minute. The engine is situated about 90 feet from the river, at one end of the shed, and is substantially bedded in first-class mason work, and this, together with the tunnel, the well, and tunnel facing, has liecn well finished. When the wool is taken out of the scourers' baskets it is laid upon gratings to drain, and is shortly after transferred to other gratings to drain till the following morning, when it is all shaken out and spread upon cloths. After remaining there a short time it is placed in "windrows" and ajain shaken out to dry. The cloths are then rolled up, carried into the drying shed, and emptied into the various bins set apart for each quality. It there remains undergoing a process of sweating until it attains the requisite condition for pressing, occupying generallj' about two or three days. The drying shed we have just referred to is a new building situate in close proximity tcrthe scouring shod, being SO feet long by 35 feet wide, and it is well suited for the purposes for which it was built, containing every requisite and convenience. This is the first scouring establishment ever erected on the Downs, and the process seems to possess many advantages over the old system of washing before shearing. By adopting the present mode the sheep are not knocked about as in the case of spout washing, and there is no 'danger of any dirt or dust getting to the wool after being washed. The number of men employed at the shearing shed and the .scouring establishment is about eighty. Shearing is now nearly oyer. When finished upwards of 82,000 sheep will have pnssed through the shearers' hands. The wool generally is of a very good quality. The improvements in the vicinity of the scouring shed are to be greatly enlarged when the present shearing season is over, and wc were shown the plans and sites of the intended boiling-down, fellmongery, and tannery, which are going to be erected in close proximity, and which are intended to be carried on in conncction with the scouring establishment. The whole of these are to be completed and in working order by the 1st April next. When these are finished the spirited proprietor will have expended nearly -£S ! >')0 on this spot alond, and it is expected it will afford employment all the year for between fifty and sixty hands. Alfred Moore was for the last time brought up before the Echuca Police Court on Tuesday morning, charged with having feloniously shot at John Glover, alias "Yorkey," with intent to murder him at Roelicstor, on the 24th of last December. The prosecutor was at length enabled to leave the Bendigo Hospital, and as his evidence—taken in connection jvith that of several other witnesses— was quite sufficient to establish a prima facie.ca.$c, the prisoner was committed for trial. He certainly does not in the least look like a murderer, and we incline to the opinion that his statement to tlie effect that lie was mad from drink when be fired the shot, is not very far from correct. In the box he looked very much agitated, though his excitement was evidently not caused by fear. Still there was not an atom of swagger about him, and we fancy that, leaving consequences altogether out of the question, he was sorry for the rash and guilty act he had committed. He several times stated that " Yorkey" had used very bad language towards hiui, and that some eighteen months ago he had beaten him and kicked him when he was down. Some of the witnesses deposed that he was quite sober when he fired the shot, but we think he has not yet quite recovered from the effects of drink.— Br the Rangitoto we (Argus) have- onr files to the following dates:—Invercargiil 5th, and Dunedin 4th January, and Wellington 28th and Lyttleton 30th ult. The war news is unimportant. At Wanganui, on Christmas Day, a tire occurred, which destroyed the Rutland Hotel, the hospital for the constabulary, and other buildings. The damage done was estimated at £9000. At Wellington there were still two of the Kaikoura's passengers sick, but no fresh cases of small-pox had occurred. The New Zealand Steam Navigation Company, we observe, were greatly divided on the questions of winding np their affairs. At Green's Island there had been a very destructive fire ;• and at Duncdin, on Sunday, the 3rd instant, one of the severest north-easterly gales ever felt there was experienced. Nine or ten watermen's and pleasure boats were swamped in Port Chalmers, and considerable damage was done to some of the houses and shops in the city. A large chimney of the gaol was blown down, and falling on the roof of the governor's house created some alarm. The lightniu" was very vivid. Isaac Coleman alias Samuel Thomas, and Martin Fitzgerald alias James Mitchell, had again been remanded on the charge of cheating at cards in Melbourne. The steamer Luna had been bought in Sydney for the Thames goldfields trade. The last escort received in Dunedin before the close of the year brought down 12,080 , ounce3 of gold. _ I On S.vTUttDAT EVEXING last George Pratt, a | teamster, from Wagga Wagga, while on his way | between Echuca and Mosma, was suddenly precipitated from his seat on the waggon through one of the four wheels dropping into a "hole on the road. The hind wheel of the dray, which was heavily laden, passed over Peatt's knee, causin" a severe and dangerous fracture, lie was removed to the Noah's Ark Hotel, and at once attended to by Dr. Crosscn. We regret to learn that a fatal accident by drowning occurred at Lake Moira, on Friday evening last, to a bullock driver named William Burke, who with his own teams was camped near the lake. It appears that the deceased had spoken of his intention of going into Echuca again, and that, therefore, his absence occasioned no surprise. He had, however, gone down to the lake for the purpose of indulging in a bath,' and having, it is presumed, got out of his depth, he was drowned. The discovery of his clothes was the first cause leading to the knowledge of his untimely fate, and a search for his body was instituted. It was finally recovered through the exertions of some blackfellows. A magisterial inquiry was subsequently held by Mr. Maunsell, P.M., of Moama, and a verdict in accordance with the facts leturncd. The following took place about the 2fith ult. on the Ipswich and Warwick road :—" A carrier named Patrick Cannon, with a five-horse dray, laden with supplies for the 1'osenfhal station, was on his homeward journey, and on the Maryvale run, his team happened to be in a dry creek, along the bed of which the road lay for some yards; some temporary stoppage was caused, while the dray was in the creek, to adjust gear or loading—when all of a sudden down rushed a torrent of water of immense volume and of such resistless force, that the five horses and dray were overwhelmed in a moment, the destruction was complete—the loading, consisting chiefly of sugar, melted away in a shorter space of time than it takes to relate the sad story." Very Large Droves or Cattle have during the last few days, pas°ed through Melbourne en route for the districts of Dandenong, Berwick, and Gipps Land. They are in very low condition, showing umnistakeable signs of having come from pastures more in name than rcalitj'. The farms around Wviidham. Kororoit, Melton, and other places to the westward, have contributed to the temporary bovine exodus. It is so far fortunate that there is grass in the Mornington dis- trict. The droughty year of 1868 was finallv and fairly deluged into the past by a steady downpour of rain which continued for the last six hours of its existence. This was considered a glorious new year's gift to our graziers and farmers. Four inches of rain fell in the short space of six hours. The Condamine, so long dry, was running merrily on the first morning of the new year, the freshet was supplied from Rosenthal creek, which was flushed bv the previous night's rain. The rain, fortunately, did not fall very heavy up the river, so that the townspeople are not yet forced to imbibe the floating miasma and poisoned exhalations from the swamp at the Canning Downs scouring shed, which, bv the by. we are informed, slimes its filthy stream into the river bed in spite of whatever efforts, have been made to stop its filthy progress. We confess to some difficulty in reconciling this alarming account with the report of the committee, who so recently visited the place, which was to the effect that the poisonous liquid could not reach tlie river, whereas our informant assures us that he saw and heard the slush gurgling into the Conda- mine.— Messrs. W. Rea and Co., of Rockhampton, make the following remarks on pastoral affairs in the northern districts during the year 1SGS :— " The year just ended lias been to flockmastcrs in Northern Queensland the one of all others showing the climax of ruin and disaster. Their patience and their purses were sorely enough tried during some former years of long-prevailing wet weather, hut then they had a ready sale for their increase, and willing buyers for their wool at high and remunerative rates. Hut nrr.v, to add to tiicir trials is an unexampled drought' they have double rates of carriage to pay ; m many cases double rates of rent, with labour nearly if not quite as high as when one represented the value of what four does now. and all this happening at a time when they are only getting for their wool one-half to two-thirds of their former rates, and no demand whatever for the increase in their flocks. The main hopes with many stockowners during the year has been the anticipated success o? Mort s freezing process for the export of meat in a fresh state ; but the long delay in bringing this experiment to the test of an actual shipment, is causing former believers to now turn sceptic. While most Sydney people have been waiting for the freezing proccss, the Melbourne men have been making actual shipments to England, on a very consi° derable scale, of meat prepared in various ways to stand the voyage ; and it is hoped that by degrees English buyers may become accustomed to these preparations, and in time take such quantities as may tell on the value of surplus stock here, as well as down South." MINISTERIAL PICNIC.—A picnic on a somewhat extensive scale was given by the Ministry on Saturday, January 9, at Balmoral, Middle Harbour. It was not confined exclusively to the political friends and supporters of the present Administration, or, indeed, to politicians of anv class whatever, but embraced numbers of gentlemen of all pursuits and professions, and the leading colonists of all sects and parties. Many members of the Upper House were present, including the President, the lion. E. Deas Thomson, Hon. J. Blaxlann, Hon. A. Campbell, Hon. S. D. Gordon, Hon. T. Holt, Hon. J. Macfarlane, Hon. E. C. Weekes, &c.;, as well as the Speaker, the Rev. Dr. Lang, and other members of the Assembly too numerous to mention. A number of the guests left Sydney by steamer for the scene of the festivity at seven a.m., in order to enjoy a few hours fishing in Middle Harbour, but the great mass of the visitors went on the second trip of the steamer at ten o'clock. The day was very fine, and the assemblage a very jolly one. Every creature comfort was provided of the best kind, and in the greatest profusion, and the Ministers and their numerous guests' abandoned themselves to an unceremonious enjoyment of the day in the sports, exercises, and fun characteristic of such occasions. At the lunch the usual loyal toasts were proposed by the Premier and received with that heartiness which is never wanting when Australians are called upon to do honour to the Queen and the Royal Family. The Hon. Thomas Holt proposed the Ministry, and the response was most enthusiastic. Mr. Robertson and his colleagues replied .in brief but suitable terms. Speechmaking. however, occupied a very short space, no party politics were touched upon, .and no subjcct introduced which could possibly mar the social. enjoyment of the gathering. After lunch many feats of agility far more grotesque and amusing than the exploits of trained athletes, were undertaken and performed in a manner which, considering- the years atid obesity of some of the i^rave find reverend seignors, was truly wonderful. The day's droccedings were wound up by a very enjoyable meal of the fish that had been caught in the morning, and the party returned totown after having spent a most pleasant day, which had yielded the greater enjoyment to those present, their knowledge of the fact that, unlike some entertainments of a similar kind given by Ministers, it was paid for out of the pockets of the hosts, and not out of public money. A YANKEE ADVOCATE.—The following specimen of a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no comment:—" Gentlemen of the jury, the Scriptures saith, " Thou shalt not kill! " Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command' as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose'- egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like mv client liavin<r killed a man • but is- that any reason why vou should do so? No such thing, gentlemen you may bring the prisoner in guilty; the hangman may do^ his duty ; hut that will not exonerate yon. No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for tlie brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow today? Who, freemen—who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word-not one of you has a bowie-knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly aligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera," until the spinal vertebra of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of' committing 1 Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative! Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of Time's theoretical transmigration, to do no muvder 1 1 adjure you, for the love you have for the esculent and condimental gusto of our native I pumpkin, to do 110 murder! I adjure yon, by J the stars set in. the th ing ensign of your cmanr eiputed cuuntry— I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal game-cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder ! And lastly, gentlemen, if j'ou ever expect free dogs not to bark at you—if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Rocky Mountain bnffalo—and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted. C a us ii or Lamp Explosions.—The Boston Journal of Chemistry, in an article on the chemistry of kerosene," speaks as follows. As an explanation of the cause of lamp explosions, it is worth studying, that these accidents may be avoided :—" As has been stated, kerosene is not explosive. A lighted lapcr may be thrust into it, or flame applied in any way, and it does not expludc. Ou the contrary, it extinguishes the flame, if experimented with the usual temperatures of onr room. Kerosene accidents occur from two reasons: First, imperfect manufacture of the article; second, adulterations. An imperfectly manufactured oil is that which results when the distillation has been carried at too low temperature, and a portion of tlie naptha remains in it. Adulterations are largely made by unprincipled dealers, who add twenty to thirty per cent, of naptha after it leaves the manufacturer's hands. The light napthas which have been spoken of and known in commerce under the names of benzine, gasoline, &c.;, are very volatile, inflammable, aud dangerous. They, however, in themselves, are not explosive; neither are they capable of furnishing gas, when placed in lamps, which is explosive. Accidents of this nature are due entirely to the facility with which vapor is produced from them at low temperatures. But the vapor by itself is not explosive ; to render it so it must be mixed with air. A lamp may be filled with bad kerosene, or with the vapour even, and in no possible way can it detonate, or explode, unless atmospheric air has somehow got mixed with vapour. A lamp, therefore, full or nearly full of the liquid, is safe; and also one full of pure vapour is safe. Explosions generally occur when the lamp is first lighted without being filled, and late in the evening when the fluid is nearly exhausted. The reason of this ivill be readily seen. In using imperfect or adulterated kerosene, the space above the line of oil is always filled with vapour; and so long as it is warm and rising free no air can reach it, and it is safe. At bed time, when the family retire, the light is extinguished; the lamp cools, and a portion of the vapour is condensed; this creates a partial vacunm in the space, which is instantly filled with air. The mixture is more or less explosive, and when, upon the next evening, the lamp is lighted without replenishing with oil, as is often done, an explosion is liable to take place. Late in the evening, when the oil is nearly consumed, and the space above is filled with vapour, the lamp cannot explode as long as it remains at rest on the table. But take in band, agitate it. carry it into a cool room, the vapour is cooled, air passes in, and the vapour becomes explosive. A case of explosion came to the writer's knowledge a few years since, which was occasioned by taking the lamp from the table to answer the ring of the door-bell. The cool outside air, which impinged upon the lamp in the hands of the lady, rapidly condensed the vapour, air passed in, ami explosion occurred, which resulted fatally. If the lamp had been full of fluid, the accident would not have occurred. Before carrying it to the door, flame might have been thrust into the lamp with safety, the vapour would have ignited, but no explosion would have taken place. JACK AT NAPLES. A correspondent of the 1'all Mall Gazette sup- plies a gossiping paper regarding the doings of our tars during the recent visit of the British fleet to Naples. Thick as flies around a honeypot swarmed crimps and touts and thieves around the place where the good-humoured if slightly contemptuous tars came ashore. With an exquisite bow and cap in hand they saluted Able Seaman Brown as "Mossieur" or more familiarly as " Jark ;" and aptly instructed in the national predilections, offered him "rost bif, verry good, pell ell, good eat ' ouse," and other attractions more particularly adapted to the nautical taste. By many of the sailors these benevolent persons were perfectly well understood, and in return for their kindly offers of service the knowing ones often gave them a slap on the back and a dig in the side quite good-humouredly, but at the same time with sufficient force to make the little Neapolitan wince under the momentary shock. He never offered his services twice to such playful lions. "In England there are thousands of people who give much to have the opportunity of seeing the wonders of the classic ground Whereon Jack has recently trod, but be passed them all by with more than philosophic indifference. What are Pompeii or Herculaneum, or a torso of Psyche, or a Farnese hull, or a painting of a little naked boy and a rather mihl-looking Woman, said to be painted by one Baphael, to him ? He is not one of the few who really do care for these things, nor of the many who pretend to care. He lias tastes of his own, and so far as they go, they are genuine. It is said that the sight of the burning mountain did excite the curiosity of some of the tars, and an expedition started with a view to investigate the matter; but this laudable resolve to interrogate nature was dissipated by a wine shop which happens to lie half way between Naples and the base of Vesuvius. Here our philosophic tars stopped to quench their thirst, and remained to rest and drink. But the favourite resort is a temple near to the steps which lead up to the heights of Capodimonte. Over the. door is printed in gold letters the enchanting word " Bi:ra." Though no linguists, the word is perfectly well understood by every man in the British fleet; and with unerring instinct our sailors soon discovered the sacred fane, and valued the discovery as much as Charles III. did that of Pompeii, or Mr. Layard, Nineveh. Within its precints very tolerable beer can be obtained at seven scudi tlie quart bottle. During tlie stay of the fleet, the • proprietor must have made his fortune nearly, for every day his house was crowded with Eng- lish sailors, who felt it their duty to quaff the national liquor in a way to satisfy the severest expectations of their country. To enhance the attraction of the place a musician with a guitar discoursed sweet music suitable to Jack's taste— such airs as " Pop goes the weasel," " Yankee Doodle," and other tunes to which Jack could stamp his foot or thump his fist in something like appropriate time. But the great attraction was a girl who accompanied tlie music with her voice—a dark-eyed, dark-haired damsel, with soft fair complexion and dimpling checks—a real beauty of a refined type. She would sing lively Italian sea songs with much spirit, with a pretty smile, and with an air as though she was quite unconscious that every rover's eyes in the room were fixed upon her. And then with a similar unconsciousness she would trip round the room at intervals of a quarter of an hour with a'little tin plate in her hand, presenting it gently, without a single glance, to each individual tar. And though this pretty damsel presented herself and her plate many a time and oft to the same listeners, they never seemed to get tired of giving. Generosity, however, not to call it by a loss pleasing word, is a part of the sailor's nature. One evening some twenty or thirty of them entered one of the principal cafes of the town and informed the waiters that-so long as they were present they were to pay for everything drunk on the premises. Accordingly, an English gentleman who had taken a cup of coffee bad his money refused by the waiter ; nor would the mariners of his native land allow him to withstand their determination to be hospitable. To add to the enjoyment of the guests—and there were many Italian gentlemen present— one tar mounted .a table and sang a British song, choosing for performance, of course, the ditty which proclaims that Brittarmia rules the waves. Nearly 2500 of them have been ashore at different times, and yet a drunken seaman in the streets has been a rare sight. THE Melbourne corresjiondent of the Geelong Advertiser says:—"An opinion is gaining ground that the Government are carrying their retrenchment policy to the region of the penny wise and pound foolish. I fail to see how, as a country, we are gainers by allowing a number of men "to retire on two, three, and five hundred a year, to go home and spend that, instead of letting them have double the amount, do some work for it, and spend what money they get in the colony. Then the large amount of capital that will' he withdrawn by many of them taking their compensation money. and foresting , it in other countries. The compensation mouev and pensions will form as great an item in the next estimates as though the civil servants had been let alone, and it is this which causes the Ministry so much auxiclv. Mure of this anon." THE AGRICDI.TURAI, SOCIETY OF NEW Sourn WALES.—The Council of the above society have issued their schedule of prizes to be offered at their Great Intercolonial Exhibition, which is to be held in the Princc Alfred Park, Sydney, in the first week in May next. The programme is as large as could reasonably be expected, and seems to be as complete as it was possible to make it. The exhibits are divided into the heads of Live Stock, Implements, Machinery, Farm Produce, Poultry, Dogs, &c..; Wine, Sugar, Manures, Articles of Colonial Manufacture, Mining and Geological Collections, Local Works of Art, and three special prizes for Station Produce. BRUTAL MURDER AT ST. ARNAUD.—At a late hour on Wednesday evening, intelligence arrived in Melbourne that a most brutal murder had been committed at the silver mines, St. Arnaud, at about half-past one in the afternoon. It seems, from what we can learn of the tragedy, that a man named Andrew Vere, a miner, hail some quarrel with Mr. Chale, one of the persons interested in the mine, and he lay in wait for him in the scrub near the mine, and when he saw poor Chale approach. who little thought of the horrible fate that awaited him. suddenly started up before him, levelling a double-barrelled pistol at him, saying, "Are you prepared to receive this ?" and with almost fiendish and bloody-thirsty malice discharged both barrels at him. The onfortnnatc m n fell to the ground, and died soon afterwards. The murderer ran into the scrub and made bis escape, it is supposed, to Melbourne, for all the detectives were on the alert during the night and a strict search was made for the offender, but up to a late hour last night be was not apprehended. Vere. who has males at Spring Creek, and has been a miner for some years, is described as being a native of Scotland. aged about tbirtv-four years, five feet five inches in height, light brown beard and moustache worn all over his face, downcast appearance, teeth broken in front of his mouth, face and one arm covered with powdsr marks, slovenly gait, speaks with a broad Scotch accent. lie was dressed in a drab wideawake hat, dirty flannel shirt, moleskin trousers and lace-up boots.—A<je. Tu;; celebrated estate of Ciiatf.au Lafitte has passed into the hands of the Baron de Rothschild for the sum of £180,000, but this did not cover the stock of wines in the cellar, which were disposed of by public auction, and drew together bidders and buyers from all parts of France and from many of the neighbouring countries. The wines comprised a portion of the vintages of sixty-seven years, commencing with that of 1797 and terminating with that of 1864. So spirited was the competition for the choicer clarets, that as much as £4 lCs per bottle was paid for the vintage of 1811—the memorable comet year. There were only two dozen of this precious liquid, and they were knocked down to the landlord of the Hotel des Princes et de la Paix, at Bordeaux. The relative estimation in which the favourite vintages of other years were held may lie inferred from the maximum prices subjoined:— 179S, sixteen francs; 1815, thirty-one francs; 1S25 and 1S5S, thirty-six francs; 1S46, twenty-seven francs ; 1S4S, sixty-five francs; 1823, sixty francs ; and IS34, seventy francs per bottle. While the genuine Chateau Lafitte fetches such prices as these in the cellars of the growers, we leave our readers to speculate upon the probabilities and improbabilities of much of tlie low-priced wine which bears the appellation of Chateau Lafitte, and finds its way into consumption in these colonics, being the product of that valuable vineyard.- Argus. A SOUND heart is the life of the flesh : but envy the rottenness of the bones. Riverine Herald. — Herald. —Riverine Herald. — Warwich Argus. —Argus. IFaritic/j Argtm, January G. 