OPENING OF THE NEW CATHOLIC! CHURCH AT CAMBERWELL. (B)otn a, Correspondent.) On Tuesday, 2th November, the new and handsome Catholic Church at Camberwell (Glen nies Creek) was solemnly consecrated under the invocation of St. Mary and Sfc. John Lateran by the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Mait land. At an early hour the Catholic population from many miles around had assembled at the Church and anxiously awaited the arrival of the Single ton train, which brought his Lordship, the Bishop of Maitland, the Rev. T. S. .Leonard, the members of St. Patrick's branch of the Holy Guild, and many of the pious Catholics of Singleton. The Church is situated about fifty yards off the G reat Northern Line on the top of a gently sloping hill, it is a neat, substantial, wooden building, forty feet long by twenty three feet in breadth, and is capable of accommodating about two hundred worshippers, the altar and its surroundings are of very neat design and in fact the. whole structure for strength, neatness, and durability reflects the greatest credit; on the contractor, Mr. ? , and will long remain a monument of the piety and devotion to the faith of the Catholics of Camberwell and of the zeal and energy of their worthy pastor, the Rev. T. S. Leonard, who has done so much for the spread of Catholicity in the Northern district, and to whose untiring efforts the erection of the new Church is entirely attributable. At 11 o'clock the ceremony commenced, his Lordship, vested in cope and mitre, with the Rev. T. S. Leonard, preceded by the members of j the Guild, walked in procession round the Church, and having remained some in prayer at the front, the procession entered, followed by as many of the congregation as the church would ! contain ; for though capable of holding a num- j ber twice as numerous as the congregation for which it is intended, the great influx of visitors from Singleton, would alone have filled theshurch. The service usual on such occasions was now performed by his Lordship, after which the Rev. T. S. Leonard celebrated Mass, and at its con clusion in a very eloquent address reminded the people that they were assembled to assist to day at one of the grandest and most solemn ceremo nies of the Church. From the great number present he saw that they took a deep interest in the opening of this church, where in future- the.y would offer up their petitions to rhe Throne of, the A'lost High for blessings on thems jlvea and their families. Heretofore, they had not many opportunities of attending Mass or approaching the Sacraments ; for the future they would have Mass regularly at stated times, and he trusted that when the priest came the people would, by their presenco and devotion at the service, show that they appreciated the blessings which the visit of the priest was calculated to confer on them. Nothing was more discouraging ; to a clergyman coming a distance, often at great in convenience, than to find! the people indifferent to their religion, and regardless of his admo nitions. From the alacrity with which these people took up the suggestion of erecting this edifice, he believed there would be no apathy on the part of the people to take advantage of the opportunities which will be afforded to them. To this temple which is now dedicated to the service of God they should often come to pray. Having exhorted them to pray fervently and fre quently, the rev. gentleman said, that the neces sity of prayer was laid down in many parts of the Old and New Testament— Our Lord Him self has set us the example of prayer, daily prayer is to us a never failing spring of consola tion ; it holds us back when on the point of in fringing God's law, and the continual elevation., of the heart towards Him will cause our baser inclinations to disappear. By prayer, Moses brought great blessings on the Israelites, Joshua caused the sun to stand still, and Elias opened the heavens and caused rain to fall. Prayer is necessary to all ; everyone here below has trials and crosses to contend against — the rich and poor, the elevated and the lowly, the learned and the ignorant, have their trials to suffer, and those who pray to God are nerved to endure what may befal them. The apostles never undertook any action without first re commending it to God by prayer, and the Church imitates their example at the present day : we are now asked to offer up a special prayer begging our Almighty Father to direct and pour down wisdom on the great Council to be held at Rome towards the end of the year. How often do men plead their business avoca tions as au excuse for omitting their morning and night prayers ? H.ow foolish to imperil their imtuortal souls for some trifling gain ! This is a delusion of the devil, who knows that if men's minds are engrossed with no other thoughts than the acquisition of riches and honour that their end will be perdition. Alas ! how vain will these honors and riches be when they are called before the Great Judge. He hoped they would attend this church regularly, and should any little inconvenience from time to time be experienced in doing so, they should be ready to sacrifice their comfort, remembering that the greater the sacrifice in complying with the dictates of the Church, the greater would be the reward. The rev. geatlemau exhorted them to be mindful of the important duty of morning and evening de votions ; the time occupied in these prayers was not required to bs long. The saints, by prayer, kept themselves continually in the presence of God ; we should off-jr up all our undertakings to God, and in this way we would be imitating the saints, and following in their footsoeps, and in the end be sure of an everlasting reward. Prayer to be efficacious should be offered with perseve ranee and great faith in. God, we should continue in prayer to the end of our lives and not calcu late on the merits of our past works because final perseverance is the accumulation of many graces. We should always endeavour to do as much as possible for the glory of God, and here after we will have the happiness of living eter nally with Him in the Heavenly Kingdom. Having promised to hold service in the Church as regularly as his duties permitted, he said owing to all the lists not being yet received from the collectors, he was unable to read a statement of the Church accounts ; he believed when all the lists would be sent in there would be suffi cient to liquidate the debt on the church, and he trusted the result of the collection which would be made today would defray the expenses of decorating the altar. After Mass a collection wa3 made which amounted to £15. His Lordship, Dr. Murray, said he was most gratified to see so many present on this solemn occasion. The Church, which your generosity has enabled your zealous pastor to erect, is a large one and the neatness and taste everywhere observable made the building a very suitable one for divine service. The ordinary congregation is not a very numerous one and it was particularly pleasiug to him and creditable to their excellent ' pastor that the building was erected entirely by their own contributions. The neatness of the altar and everything about it bespoke the zeal of their pastor and the loving and generous spirit that animated the people ; it would be for them still to give proof of their love for their religion by coming to the service of the Church on every opportunity that offers. He trusted they would not be like some whom from time to time it was his lot to meet, in the remote parts of the dio cese ; men who are ever regretting the few op portunities the people and themselves have of attending to their religious duties, in many in stances he has found those rneu who are loudest in their regrets to be those who absented them selves from confession, he had known persons of this class who remaiued away from the sacra ments for twenty-four years, notwithstanding, that they had regular periodical visits from clergymen. Was there any such amongst the Catholics here ? It was good, to build, dedicate, and oruatneut Churches but much better to keep our souls — the temples of the Holy Ghost — de- voted to the service of God and enriched by his Grace. As their worfehy pastor had observed it , was most disheartening to a clergyman to fiud the people absenting themselves from the sacraments or attending the soleinu ceremonies of the Church 'from a motive of curiosity. When the oppor tunities, which the visit of ihe priest affords, are, overlooked by Ca-tkolics,. can we be aut prised to find the people dying without a priest being near : to admister the last rites of. the Church ; if men continue obstinately in a state of mortal sin [the justice of GodWill in the end overtake them and their doom will bo hell. From what he p\v he could assure Father Leonard that the people would bo present whenever he came to officiate amongst theivi and he hoped they would not be satisfied with coining to Mass but that they would approach the Sacraments. His Lordship exhorted those who had uotyet complied with the Jubilee to do so at once. In the address of their good pastor, which he trusted would sink deep Into their hearts, he promised that when ever he found it possible he would give them an op portunity of hearing Mass. His Lordship re minded them that the obligation of hearing Mass on Sundays and holidays was of the strictest character, even if they had not Mass here what was to prevent the majority of the people from going to Singleton ; the distance was no excuse, it was well known to them that many people in Ireland overy Sunday walked nine or ten miles to be present at the Adorable Sacrifice of the Mass. With regard to this important duty Ca thoHc3 are, in this country, too prone to say their business, crops or families required their presence. They should remember that God could destroy all their earthly prospects and that we were commanded 'to seek first the Kingdom of God and all things else would be added unto us.'' His Lordship referred to the praiseworthy conduct of Catholics in other parts of' his diocese, in erecting churches, instancing more particularly the Talbragar, Castlereagh, and Manning districts, where, on his last visits he was gratified to see that the Catholics in many portions 01 these districts, had completed or were in the course of completing churches suited to their requirements, some of which, were erected in very short spaces of time, particularly one at Myall. On his way to Port Macquarie he stopped at Myall, and was obliged to celebrate Mass in a public house, he told the people in the meantime he would not celebrate Mass or hold Confirmation for them, unless they had in the meantime built a church ; the people set to work and in three weeks' time, when he returned he found that they had erected a very good church ; three neighbour' ing districts, animated by the example of the Myall, have since engaged in similar works. Having again referred to the advantages of prayer, his Lordship recommended to them the Rosary of the Blessed Virgin, as a most beauti ful and instructive form of prayer. His Lord ship then gave the Apostolic Bsnediction after which the ceremony ended. It should not be omitted that St. Patrick's Choir, under the directorship of Mr. Nesbitt, who presided at the harmonium, sung ' Mozart's 12 bh Mass' is & most creditable man» ner. ' Extension of Leases. — The grazing capabifr. ties of the undermentioned runs haying been found, on appraisement, to ha^-e been increased by artificial meaus, to the extent required by the provisions of the 15th clause of the Crown Lauds Occupation Act of IS -l, it is notified, for general information, by the Lands Department that, in pursuance thereof, the duration of the existing leases of the runs in question have been extended to ten years, at the same tent, and on the same terms and conditions as the original leases: — Bolagamy Gullman, Carlo Marina; West Mundamar, A. H. Hume ; Gulgunia, John and James Struth ; Woolongougb, Thomas Dick ; Block 9, or Moonbie, Robert Martin-5 Little Cadow, Edward Jones ; Rankin's Hill, No, 5, F. A. Stratford ; do No. 6, do ; Papatoitoi North, do ; Nos. 1, 3, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11,, Willandra, Billabong, W. R. Virgoe and J. Wittingham ; Boorooran, do do ; Gunagia, do do ; Cockinwonga, the Melbourne Banking Cor« poration (limited) ; Boy Beyan, W. R. VirgOjS and J. Whittingham ; Mordio, the Melbourne Banking Corporation (limited) ; Moonee, do do 5 Papatoitoi East, do do; Kiginnie, do do ; ? Thollolaboy, W. R. Virgoe and J. Wittingham ; Tarrawonga, G. Kirk, and R. Goldsbrou^h j Papakura, No. 3, F. A. Stratford ; Mossgeil, do ; Strathavon, do ; Alma, S, Wilson and H. Palker ; EUisland, F. A Stratford ; Avondale, S. Wilson and H. Palker ; Papakura, No. 1, Melbourno Banking Company (limited) ; Alma, No. 1, do do; Hokianga, do do; Sebastopol, blocks B and C, Nos. 2 and 3, W. A. Brodribb; Papakura, No. 4, W. R Virgoe and J. Whiting hatn, Wealbah, block C, R. G. Massie, F. M. Darley, and M. R.. Greene ; Uanunoo, Joseph Smith; Warragoodiana, do; Tarawong, Peter Tyson ; No. 10, Jereelrumbie Creek, W. A, Brodribb ; Willandra, Billalong, F. C. and K. E. Brodribb; Conargo Back Run, block C, William Campbell ; Thelaka, or Dry Lake, Henry Darlot ; Oak Forest, Robert Landale; Triangular Plain, Henry Godfrey; Barigan, J, Blackwood and 0. Ibbotsou ; South MomaJong, J. and H. Osborne ; Muniuibla, R. B. Ronald and J. M'Bain.— Wagga Way go, Express. Political. — in common with, the other dis« tricts of this colon y, Manaro is to some extent in a state of excitement, and the prevailing question is — Who is the coming man? -This question gives rise to considerable discussion, and several names, are mentioned Mr. Gra« hame, we hear, will again contest the electorate. Mr. Hanson, of Sydney has written to one or more of his friends in thia district to ascertain his chance of success, but we think hs might as well remain where he is. Mr. A. Gordoa, of Sydney, we hear has been invited to stand for the district, but declined. With reference to Mr. Thomas Dawson, of Syt'ney, whose name was mentioned as a likely candidate, we have not heard anything, and. wliulheVit is intended to bring him forward, or whether- he is holding back to take advantage of tho field; we cannot; say. .Mr. Montague's'- name. has. ;been; mentioned, but we are unable to say whether, .that, gentle man has any intention,. 'of .asjjirirtg'X'o' Parliamen- tary honors. ' ;Thei'riamb of Miv J'ose'pb,: of Bom bala, has also been1' .'mentioned. ? Ib is therefore evident that we shall have a fair muster of can didates, and under all Qhcumstuiices h. behoves the electors of the. district to ibi/is: slia'rp after a, man who' will represent- them1 in'a proper' man- ner, aud not be led avs'ay by promises' amide: ouJy to gain their votes' and; s.acriu'ce,their;ihterests. In this the , electors of ;thjei .d.is.fcrjicj; .will -have a, difficult duty to perform, 'bub Aye trust it -will be done in such1 .a, manner 'as; \vill prove they are not insensible to' the' ???'advantage of'haviiig an efficient and conversant representative. — Man aro Mercury, 