A Scene in the Souse. MB. FOBSTEB was drawn out on Friday night in a manner altogether without parallel, as far as ha is concerned. Mr. Wilson, m the course of a speech on Mr. J. Suttor's motion for a vote for a bridge over the Macquarie, objected to hon. members being expected, to go in -the first instance to the Government for what they wanted to.havedone, "for," continued the hon. geUtleman, " members have told me that when they have gone to members of this Government the Minister has entered into discussions with them on their political conduct, has inquired the reason for their , votes, and asked how they could expect what they wanted to be done when they wera always voting against the Government." "Who has done, this? What Minister?" asked Mr. Robertson. " I do not fed called upon to say," replied Mr. Wilson. " I know I have never done it," asserted Mr. Robertson. " Neither have I," cried Mr. Forster, " It is not true." " Hon. members have told me tho same thing," put in Mr. Parkes. " What hon. members ? Name them! " said •Mr. Forster indignantly. "The hon. Minister cannot expect me to name them," answered Mr. Wilson. " Then I can only say they have said what is not true—what is absolutely false," retorted Mr. Forster. Shortly.afterward% Mr. Parkes rose to speak, and he also took exception to tho dictum laid down that hon. members should in the first instance go to the Government for anything they required for their constituents, as laid down by the Premier. There was a kind of hollow " No!" which, in reply to this assertion, came from some far distant quarter of the purlieus of the House, in those particular tones which at once told that the negation had proceeded from the hon. Premier, though of where he was ensconced it told nothing. There was something awfully mysterious about it—very much after the style of the solemn admonition of that" old earthworm," as his eccentric son terms him, the ghost in Hamlet, when from the machinery beneath the stage he cries out " Swear!" to his easily-consoled widow. Mr. Parkes went on a step fur- .ther than Mr. Wilson had done, and tola tfco House that two hon. members had informed him that when they had gone to the Secretary for Lands on public business, he had said something to this effect, " How can you expect us to be particularly attentive to your wants when you always vote against us," and had suggested that it would be much better if the hon. gentlemen changed sides in the House. " It is a gross falsehood," cried Mr. Forster, " and the person guilty of it is a vile slanderer." Mr. Parkes affinnea that he gave the statement as it was made to him ; but declined, without their authorisation, to give the names of hi3 informants. In replying to Mr. Parkes, Mr. Forster concluded his speech by saying, "As to intention to influence hon. members in their votes in this House, I can only say, and I hope the person who made the statement to the hon. member is listening to me, that he is a vile scoundrel and a slanderer." A visitor from the Manning, now in Sydney, thus writes of the moral aspect of the city. " Drunkenness is decidedly on the decrease— not from any particular scarcity of money among the laboring classes, but because innocent amusements, cheap Temperance Concerts, and the like furnish other means of passing away their leisure hours than loitering in public houses. Another evil is, however, taking the place of Intemperance. The " Vice of great cities" is fearfully on the increase, and I apprehend it will have to be grappled with by legislation, if only to keep it within more moderate limits." The same correspondent says:—The ohoral service of St. Andrew's Cathedral is largely attended on Sunday afternoons. The service is very grand and solemn; and though, no doubt many attend merely because they love music, others are influenced by devotional feelings. The Cathedral is not a fashionable place of worship. A majority of the congregation seem to belong to the middle classes; all the scats are free. I Tike to hear our old friend O'Ecilly in the Cathedral. His sermons are always short, but exactly to the point. I notice that the people all respond in a loud voice, and do not seem ashamed to say A men at the conclusion of the supplications. A great many of the runs in the northern and western districts of Queensland hav6 been, or are about to be,^ abandoned. The climate is found unsuitable,'and expenses too heavy. Josh. Billings divides the human race into three classes : " Those who think it is so, those who think it isn't so, and those who don't care whether it is so or not." —S. M. Herald. 