CONCERTS. PROMENADE CONCERT. lhe firBt of an intended series of promenade concerts, in aid of the Building Fund of the new wing of the Benevolent Asylum, was given in the New Exhibition-building, on Saturday nfternoon. J-lie athletic sports at the Melbourne ground and Heller's matinee occurring on the same after noon, caused the attendance to be somewhat limited, but those present experienced a treat, as, besides the diflerent pieces performed by the Head-quarters Band in the intervals, several ballads were sung by Mesdames Sanderson and Fox. "Sing, Birdie, Sing" was given by tho former with great taste and expression ; also, " Why do Summer Roses Fade?" For "Caller Herrin," delivered by the same lady, she received an enthusiastic encore, when sho substituted the " First Love Waltz." Mrs. Fox sang " Tell me, my heart," and " When the quiet moon is beamiug," with great correctness and power. The building has evidently splendid acoustic properties, the vocalists being perfectly audible at the further end of the hall. Mr. Towers acted as accompanyist.. Several lectures and concerts will be given during the week in aid of the funds. Sir. Brough Smyth has, we have beeu informed by one of the managing committee, been requested to allow the minerals now ar ranged in the hall to be on view. At present the objection to that course is that Mr. Smyth is afraid of the cases being broken by persons lean ing against them. This, however, could he pre vented by the cases being placed between the pillars, and a railing erected on each side ; another railing to be placed in front of those specimens arranged against the wall, to be covered with gauze, so as to prevent pilfering. The hall would be open to the public from 12 to 5 ; and they would form an additional attraetion to the promenade concerts, and thus benefit the charity. A sacred concert took place oil Wednesday in the Exhibition-building, in aid of the fund for erecting a new wing to the Benevolent Asylum. It was giveu by the members of St. Francis' Church choir, who mustered in full force to sup port the excellent object iu view. The public however failed to respond, for at half-past 8 o'clock scarcely twenty people were present, and at one time doubts were entertained as to the advisability of giving the performance to such a limited audience. The choir nevertheless rightly undertook the programme iu the face of empty chairs and benches. All the parts went well. Mr. Pringle conducted steadily, as he always does ; and Mrs. Fox, 'Mrs. Scbaw, Mr. Coles, and Mr. Furlong, acquitted themselves with much credit. The programme included " Weber's Mass in G," "Eyrie" (Mozart's 12th Mass), " Quis est homo " from Rossini ; " Stabat Mater," and a multitude of other gems ; and it was generally remarked by the few who were present what a pity it was that the gratuitous efforts of the members of St. Francis' choir should be so meagerly acknowledged by the musical public, especially when exercised in bo good a cause. Our Geelong correspondent writes us—" Some of your contemporaries have raised quite 'a storm in a teapot' all to themselves auent an asserted intention to discontinue all works in connection with the Geelong water supply, and the ghosts of old grievances in the time of the Haines- ctH7i-Sladen Ministry have.been raked up to do duty as political scarecrows. The Ministry, it is coolly asserted, had determined upon dis charging the men employed on the waterworks ; and one correspondent, with imagination enough, for a poet, forthwith conjures up ' intense excitement in Geelong, coupled with a deter mination to burn ia effigy the offending Ministers. The ' intense excitement ' must have been confined within the breasts of one or two red-hot poli ticians, ready to blaze up at the slightest excuse against any Ministry but one presided OTer by Mr. M'Culloch ; for no one that I can hear of has met with any particularly strong feeling. As to the ' effigy' business, I fancy that the people of Geelong cannot feel particu larly complimented by having such an absurd idea laid at their door ; and 1 need hardly say there is no truth in it, unless it be confined purely to the aforesaid one or two disciples of the ' old hat' Bystem. This astonishing excitement has no foundation, unless it can exist without disclosing itself to the general public. According to this imaginative correspondent's own showing, all that the Minister of Mines has done is to in form the local members of the Assembly that it had been suggested to him that by discontinuing the works in connection with the water supply, a large amount of labour would Ic thrown open for harvestiug, at tlie same time asking their opinion on the subject. The members in question of course at once discountenanced 6uch a pro ceeding, and the matter was at an end probably before these ' intensely excitable' people knew anytmng of it. Truly Geelong cannot be called slow it 6uch a little matter can throw it into the paroxysms of excitement." 