THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? - The R.M.S. Malta, bringing English advices via Marseilles to tho lGth of July, will be duo in Hobson'a Bay on Thursday next, tbe 2nd of September, bat, under ordinary circumstances, we might expect a telegraphic summary of uer news oa Monday or Tuesday next, i?;a A'deMde. Owing to the braak down ^t the Baloluihn, however, and tan r?aOl7fl ^ tho Sonlh Austra lian Goveri-^aen|. not t0 8Uh3titute another 8-6B1er to the Sound, our first intimation of the Miltd'a arrival thig turn will come from Capo Otway. Nothing bnt the an nouncement of her arrival can be expected thence , however. Wo understand that the Postmaster-General intends to talro the nsces aary stops to admit of telegrams being for warded from the tent-houae at Apulia Bay, eastward of the Ccpo ; and by this means it ie possible that wo may have onr UBual telegraphic summary in advance of tho Mail steamer's budget. Several of the electoral registrars announce that they will keep their offices open today fer several hoars longer than usual, to afford addi tional facilities for registration. At Emorald hill the office will be open from eight in the morning till nine at night ; at ColUngwood the registrar will attend at the Gocnoil ohamlers from five to seven and from eight to nine p.m. and at 'West aud Bist Fitzroy t.'oo registrar will nttend at his 6i!tce, opposite the Cjurt House, Napier-street, (hronghonl tho day. BIr Kenealy's ca»e (tho speoial oase elated l-y tho Melbourne Bench, far the pnrpwa of determining the tllcaoy of tho Convicts Iuilux Prevention Aot) will ooma ou for argument during tho firat dnygof tho ensning term, either ou tha 1st or 2jd of September. A strong array of counsel will appear on Mr Ksnealy's behalf, ag wo understand that Mr Bullea, so i liaitor, has instructed ProfeEHor Heam, Dr. ! Mickar, Mr Fellows and Mr O'Leary in the I case. It has boen eoid that this gentleman did not vrlih to remain iu Hie colony longer than was neotJSTJ 'n order to transact his business, the naturo of which, it ia to be hwsamcJi is of no consequence ts anybody* but hiinafe!?. 1 Curiously ouongh, he can fiad both time and money to settle a n:co legal difficulty with the authorities Probably, notwithstanding the encomiums bestowed upon his good eonse, he is, after all, one of those who do not think that discretion is tho better part of valor. Mr Caaoy wai ODgaged yesterday with tho County Court Judges lor several hours in framing the regulations under the now County Court Bill. Tho only judges absent wero tkeir Honors Mr Hackott and Mr Bindon. The confersnee will bo resumed this morning and on Monday, when its labors are likely to terminate. . . Application wag made yestorday in tho Su preme Court, before htB Honor Judge Maleg worth, by Mr Lawes, for tho disoharge from custody of William Irwine, one of tbe five prisoners committed for contempt on tho pre vious day, in tho Ballarat osbb, on his paying ta the plaintiff*' attorney £35, being his proportion of the costs for the non payment of whioh tho attachment issued, and also his proportion of tko costs of tho attach ment itsolf. Tho other side agreeing, his Honor mado an order for his diBoharce from custody, remarking that he would not u«o the word ' discharged ' iuits general senso. later in the day a deputation from Ballarat waited ou the Attorney- General |in reference to tho caso. It appears tho arrest wag made without his co/xaisance, and was a breach of faith on the part of tho Council of Ballarat Eiat. Very possibly tho Crown will this morning apply for the release of tho obfaer gentlemen in castody. That young girls aro frequently inveigled, by deliberately false protenoos, into service at drinking taps and dancing-homes, is unfortn nately but too well known; and if cny proof were required, we have jnat heard of a case tho effrontery of which ia positively amusing. Some time ngo an advertisement to the following effect appeared in tho columns of a contemporary : — ' Wanted, Housemaid and Cook, Beforence required. Apply at once in writing.' Now this advertisement, signed by the proprietor of a provincial hotel, seemed honest and business-like ; and a respectable woman applied to the address indicated. Not long aftorwards she roceived a reply which in altogether of too rich a character to be permitted to lapse into oblivion. Omitting the writer's namo, it is to tho following effect : — ' I am quite satisfied of your being capable of filling the place of cook, and yoar reference to Mr . Tho duties are not many, as thore are raroly any boarders or lodgers iu the house. Bat it is necessary that yon should bo of a prepossessing appearance, and must bo ablo to dance, as dancing i* kept np once or twice a week. Tho house is a strictly respectable one, and there ara more servants. You may havo seen n similar advertisement iu tho Argus a littlo timo ago, and I had two girls como from Melbourne, who said in their letters that they thought they could com ply with the condition* ; but jndgo of my sur prise when I boheld two girls anything but good-looking, and not ablo to dance ! The wnges are twelve shillings per week, and I am not particular to a shilling or two if you suit. One month's engagement, and one month's notice to be given by either party. I pay half the railway fare. If you think you can comply and agree to the foregoing con ditions, please answer at once and let mo know when you can come.' Probably, not liking to take hur good looks to such a markot, or capable of ' tripping on the light fantastic,' aspiring to bo merely a plain housemaid and oook, not a fascinating artiste, tho applicant, instead of accepting the offer, requested oar publication of tho facts as a warning to other yonng females. It is likely enough that tho proprietor of this ' rospectablo ' house did not contemplate anything absolutely bad, but what excuse con thero bo for his holding out such a false pretence — advertising for a ' oook or housemaid' when what ho really wanted wob a dancing girl? And then the two poor plain girln who had previously applied to this oritio of fomi nine charms. ' Fancy my Bnrprise,' he says, ' at seeing two girls not at all good-looking and not ablo to dance.' ' Woll, it is really timo there was a propor legal power of putting down those respectable establishments where the housemaids mnst bo ' beautiful for ovor' and the cooks must need bo less expert at cooking a chop than dancing the can-can. Australian telegraphy has already accom plished more than ouo feat worthy of note, it seems. A local paper states that Mr Kraegon, telegraph station-master at Deniliquin, suc ceeded in sending an unintorruptod message 2700 miles direct on Tuesday evening last, a distance longer than the gre»t Atlantic cable between Great Britain aud America. The message wan from Adolaido to Nebo, a distant station in Queensland. ' Tho feat rocorded illustrates tho admirablo working of onr Aus tralian lines. Another message will be at tempted in a few days over an uninterrupted wire of upwards of 3000 miles in length.' A oharge of incapacity having been pre ferred by members of tho orew of the Dona Anita against Captain Beart.the commander of that veBsol, the Steam Navigation Board will, on Monday next, at half-past ten a.m., hold an investigation into the matter. Captain Bartlott, of the barque Britomart, informs us that when he wan in 38 deg. south and 20 deg. wesv, ho saw a barque undor jury masts, with bowsprit, foremast and cutwater gone. She had apparently been in collision with an iceberg, and was putting back for Rio. The provisions of Part II, of the Puhlio Health Act have been extended to tho Borough of Graytown. The Begistrar-General reports well of the healthfulneBS of the Malbourne and suburban districts during the week ending 21th Au'UBt. Births, 144; deaths, 52. The Chief Secretary haa gazetted the fol lowing announcement relating to the Security of Publio Servants : — ' Arrangements have been made with tho several assurance companies that the premiums upon all policies of guaranty given to tho Government shall become due upon the 1st cf January in each year. Tho names of officers whoso payments shall be in arrear on the 15th January will bo reported to the Government.' William Brain, a blaoksmith, was charged at the City Court yesterday with complicity in the assault which caused the death of George PreBton in Bourke- Btroet, on Friday laBt, 20th instant. Inspector Kahat applied for the pri soaor to be remanded until Wednesday next, when the other prisoner on the same charge ?will also appear, and to justify the remand produced Mrs Sweetman, the witness examined yesterday, who identified the prisoner as tho man who was in the company of Pigott when he struck the deceased. Tho bench granted ths remand asked for, but allowed bail iu two sureties of £50 each. Another instractivo phase of colonial life was unfolded in the case of Hood v. Green and another, heard at tho East Colliiigwood Court yost&rday.; The dofeEfiant Green is the °WJ\C'r of soveral hoasoB in the borough, and some years ago he quarrelled, beyond the pos sibility of reconciliation, with his wife, to whom he made over a couple of his houses in Welliogton-street for her maintenance, and re quested that he might never Bee her face Rgain, Mrs Grooa, being oi bn ent6rpri»ing turn oi jnincl, was not content with living upon her rentB ; bnt, leaving a land agent named Hood to colloct them, ehe sailed away to New Zealand, whero she opened a stylish publio house, and did a flourishing trade. Some good natured friend from those parts whispered to her husband that which roused the demon of jealousy, and lod to something more than a suspicion that ho was not altoge ther unrepresented ovor there. Green took counsel with a friend, one Nolan, and the pair agreed that, under the circumstances, tho houso property in Wellington- street ought to revert to the settlor. Reconnoitring the premises, they found one house to be empty, and con oluded that it would be advisable, as a first step, to obtain possession of this dwelling. Green went to a neighboring publio house in the character of a would-be tenant of the nn cccupiod premises, and the publioan obliged him by sending ti Hoo:l's for tho key. No sooner was thi? obtained thin Green and Nolan installed tbomselves In tho house, and patiently awaited t.he advent of Mr Hoj-1, or any one else to diiposseaa thorn. Hood oamo down to the hotel to get batik tho key, and finding it had not been returned, ho went straightway down to tho house. Tha occupants presented them3olve» at door and window, nnd golemnly warned him not to enter. Hood, however, ru»hed lo tho charge, but the defendors bnndlod him out neck and crop into tho utreot. This expn'sion formed the ground of a charge of assault pre ferred ytsterday by Hood against Green end his backer. The bench dismiseed tho case, bnt recommended tL« pontiff to try a civi! mole pf proceeding, at law, for1 ?vjeotnient. It is officially arnoauced that tha holding of the Echqca Ganeral Sessions hsB been post poned from the 4ih to Thursday, the 30th of September. Tho sitting of tho St. Kilda bench yesterday was of quite a sensational character, indeed bor dering on the tragic Almost the first case called on for hearing was a snmmons by Mr Coker against a young man, namod Alexander Miller, to recover 15* for bnggy hire ; and this came to an abrupt termination through the defend ant whilo in tho witness-box falling iu an epileptic fit. He was at once carried out of the court into the clerk's raoni, aad thongh remedies wer6 at onoe applied by Dr. Rankin it wai a considetablo time bofore ke rallied sufficiently to leave tho court. In the mean time tho plaintiff withdrew tho caso. A iow minutes later the bench called on an aisanlt case, in which one Frances Mills was charged with committing a violent and unprovoked assault on a neighbor named Mounser. As the woman wis being brought into court she fell in convulsions to the floor of the lobby. So violent was tho attack that a constable was obliged to be despatched for Dr. Arnold. As soon as tho woman was sufficiently recovered she was removed from the court, the case beincr adjourned till Tuesday next. From a Betchworth contemporary wo learn that the remains of tho late Mr Thomas Band, who died some three or four months ago, v/hilo on business in Melbourne, havo been trans ferred from tho metropolitan to the Benalla Cemetery. Mr Bond, previous to his death, expressed a with to be buried amen; his friends in Benalla, and the realisation of his last re quest has beea faithfully carried out by his widow. A correspondent of tho Ovtns Advertiser denounces Hunt's diamond machine as little hotter than a sham. That it was not a novelty in tho way ef invention has boon already as serted, if not demonstrated, but wo wore soarcely prepared to find it reprobated in this fashion : — ' Like tho rest of tho patent machines for saving gold, &-j., whioh have been trumpeted by their inventors, Hunt's machine ii perfect in theory and on paper, but for practical uio it is worthless. From the rato at whioh tho work is don6 by this machine, not more than six loads of tailings could be washed in a day, and these would have to bo previously subjectod to riddling, as no stono abovo tho size of a pea can bs put through the maohino. That it will savo gold, tin, and precious Etones is not denied ; but these would require to bo in large quantities before it could be made to pay, tho operation of tho machine boing so Blow and toylike. Everything that can be said in favor of this maohine can be said in a greater degree in favor of' tho sluice (box or ground). All the gems which have boon found in the distriot havo been obtained from tho sluices ; and tho reasou that more have not been collected is. that the miners wero not acquainted either with their appearance or value, and were not searching for them. Tho sluice affords great saving capabilities, combined with the facility of operating on a largo quantity of dirt, and also of saving labor. To see Hunt's maohino at work would not only raise, a smile, but would force a broad grin on the faco of any Ovens miner. Two men with a ground sluice would wash more earth in one day than Hunt's maohine would ' put through1 in a fortnight.' It appears that bees are enormously on the increase in and around Baechworth since they wero first iutroduoed into that township by Mr E. H. Dunn. A local journal states that ' the trees which are in blossom about the township positively swarm with them, and a part of Bowman's Forest is thick with ncstp, so that tho culliuy of a beohunter will within a few years be a remunerative one. Wo bavo reason to believo' adds our contemporary,' that bees do not, as wan supposed, injure grapes. The mischief is dona by a small bird, popularly known as ' white eyes,' which picks a small hole in tho grape, but bees do not meddle with the sound ones.' An interesting discovery is announced by tho Ovons Spectator:—' There are somo spe cimens of a metallic looking sabatnnoo from a vein in the granite ou the Pilot Rango, lying at the Empire Hotel, Beeohworth, which have excited some cnrioiity. The loilo wbb disoo vered by a party in search of tin, and a small portion from tho surface was taken down by Mr Alexander Rodgors, mining agent, to Mel bourne for analysis. It was pronounced to contain lead, silver and arsenio, but not in payable quantities. The discovery may, however, load to others of a more important character. The party «re still sinking on the lode with a viow of testing it more thoroughly, and tho ore has entirely changed its appear ance, boing now of a dull but very decided preen color. Some of this will also bo sent to Melbonrne in order to learn whether the voin improves ns it goes down. Mr Sheppard, manager of the Bank of Victoria, has also sent down some speoimens for analysis. This, strange to say, has boen pronounced by the analyser employed by the bank to be titoni ferous iron, titanium being of no commercial value.' We are glad to leam that the lecture given by the Rev. O. Clark will place to tho credit of tho Albert-Btreet Baptist Chapel debt fund a sum of £150 at the lowest estimate. Another improvement in the mode of ex tracting gold from quartz has boon brought under the notice of a Geelong contomporary. ' On Ballarat and elsewhere it ib well known that in both quartz and alluvial thousands of ounces of gold esoape the most modern ap pliances for separating the gold from the UBe less matter. The Cornish buddies, concen trators, furnaces and other inventions all lose gold to a considerable extent, but we have seen Borne quartz which has been operated upon by tho now patent fluxing process, in which gold can be plainly seen to a large extent, although before the process was applied it is said to have been invisible, even with the aid of the most powerful microscope. The gold, in fact, seems peppered through the quaitz in tho most minute particles. By tho new process the quartz is taken from the mine and thrown into a reverberatory furnaco, Fluxes from the vioinity of the mine are the principal agents mod, but of conrse coals and wood are also neoessary in the operation. The quartz we wore shown comes from a reef at Mount Pleasant, near Ballarat, and 40 tons of quartz crushed by the old process only yielded 14 dwt. Under tho new prooess, however, gold is made to become plainly visible in almost overy pieoe of stone by the aotion of the fire. A company has been formed to work the reef by the new patent, the company being floated in 100 promotera' shares of £5 eaoh, promoter's share to carry 25 nnpaid and 4 paid- up shares. The pa tontoa of the process receives 200 paid-up shares for the right to use his patent, making altogether 300S shares. Tho system has been worked at Hunt's olaim on the Thames gold field, New Zealand, and was found to answer splendidly, as much as SA pat ton having beon given for tailings.' Apropos ol Borae Reefs, we find this an nouncement in a Riverine contemporary : — ' Oar townsman, Mr Max Roth, has sold out his interest in the reef held by him and others above Narandera. A Sydney speculator is tho purchaser, who, we aro informed, gavo Mr Roth £1000 for his interest in tho property, and Mr MoDa?U £1000 also for his share. We shoH soon see the result of a crashing, whioh ocgbt to yield good returns, if onlyh--!(the ex.* pectations are realised. An old reefer informs us that there is overy probability of extensive and payable quartz mines being opened up among the Boreo ranges. Ii so, Deniliquin ought to profit by it.' Still another fatal accident on Ballarat, as we learn from the Courier: — ' About five o'olock on Thursday afternoon another fatal accident occurred, this time at the No. 3 Bbaft of the Majestio Quartz Company, Black Hill, Ballarat. Tho victim was a young man namod James Martin, and it appears that while ho and a mate named Taylor wore engaged in taking out stono from the third slope, a large block of stone, weighing about a hundred weight, came down on the head of Martin, smashing in his skull, and causing instantaneous death. The block, whioh was of a triangular shape, had been sounded by the deceased a short time before, bat it waa then considered ? ___ quita safe, and Mwtin proceeded to shovel away the quartz, with the block directly ever his hcr.d. By the other workmon in tl.o ckini : the ocoarrenco is aocounted for on tho Krounr! that tho fitone, which is cf a very hard natnre bad been blasted twice uboni; an hour aud n' haif befort, thereby prematuroly loosening tho' block, which partly projectod from the roof Taylor too seems to havo hai a, verv botow' eacapo, bnt although working within a few inches of Martin he escaped nnnnrt. The de ceatnd, who is about thirty years of age, and was highly esteemed by his fellow-miners leaves a widow and two children to mourn hia untimely fato. An accident fund has existed forsome time in connection with the companv, nnd out of this some assistance will be derived' by the vjidow.' Tho Inglewojd Advertiser stales that oa Snnday a singular ceramony wns performed at Wedderburn in the Chinese burial ground. Ac cording to the statement of a Chinaman wholives goma twenty miles from Ingle-wood, one night' last week ho was visited by tho spirit of a coun trymaD, who has been somo time gone to the 'flowery land,' and informed that tho said spirit felt the effects of the late frost in !?;» damp gravo very ranch, and that he needed several ' oreaturo comforts.' John imme diately came into town, purchased a snit of new clothes, not even omitting a substantial llannol. These he took to tho grave of the cold ghost, stretched them out nicely on it, and then set them on fire. Ho afterwards poured the contents of a bottle of Hennessy's best ' battle-axe' ovor it, placed some pipe lights and a post at eaoh corner of the gravo, to each of which was tied p. letter addressed to the ' dear departed.' When asked why he did not leave a pipe aid opium to be used' with tho pipe lights John replied very reverently, ' Got him too mushy down below' (pointing to tho grave), and then quietly mado his exit. Tho fact was witnossod by saveral Europeans, and it is the second similar occarronco within a month. A German, named Erms, has been received into the Inglowood Hospital Buffering from a frightfal wound in tho throat, which, so far as is yet known, appeals to havo boen selfin fliotod by aknifeior somo othor sharp jinstru mon t. The cut s abont five inches long, and an inch deep, and tho windpipe and gullet are partially severed. From tho local journal we loam that Erms . was brought in from Tyler'g rush by his mate, who, on Snnday evening, upon going home, after an absence of somo hoars, discovered Erms lying on his bod in the condition we havo described, and blooding copiously. A handkerchief was tied tiglt'y ronml the neck to staunch the blood, and enable him to bo removed to Inglewood. No thing is known of tho case at present, as the man is not yet allowed to spoak; but Dr Stokes, tho hospital surgeon, is of opinion that it is a oaso of attempted murder, as tho out was made from right to left, which would scarcely be the cass if ho had done it himself, he being a right-handed man. Mr Maokinlay, the too enterprising Sydney merchant, whose troubles bavo becomo colo nially notorious of late, appears resolved to compel tho public to place the worst construc tion upon 'liis prooeedinga. We learn by tele gram that he refused to ' assist in tbe prosecu tion of Rogers and O'Brien, remanded from Molbourno to Sydney, and bronght up nt tho Sydnoy Police Court yoBterday. The prisoners wero discharged, but only to bo re-arrostod on a warrant at the suit of the official assignee. By the way, Mackinlay himself has been ar rested on a fresh charge of embezzlement. From a return published in last night's Government Gazette it appoars that tho total number of cattle imported into tbe colony during tho quarter ending 30th Juno was G801 ; of sheep, 150,871 ; and of horses 330. Tha whole of these, with tho exception of G32G shoep from Harrow,- South Australia, were from New South Wales, and came in numbers and variety as mentionod to tho following plaoes :— Bnirnsdalo, 3581 cattle, 700 sheep and 245 horses ; Belvoir, G12 catt'o, 16,963 sheep and 60 horses ; Echuca, 064 cattle, 90,423 sheep and 25 horses ; Omeo, 3B9 cattle and 1G07 sheep ; Swan-hill, 1150 cattle and 27,008 sheep ; Wabgunyah, 215 cat.tlo and 7839 sheep. The adjourned inqntst on tho [body of tho male infant ef Mrs WatBon, prematurely born on the 30th July, and whose death was f op- posed to have resulted from a violent assaalt committed on Mrs Watson by a man named HuBtler, shortly beforo her confinement, was held at the court house, Penshurot, on Wed nesday last, when tho jury returned a verdict, ' That the deceased child wub prematurely born, and died from natural causes, and sob from any external violence to Iho mother,' During tho investigation the court bongo was densely crowded j muoh interest being mani fested as to the result. A point of somo importance was recently raised in tho Ballarat Police Conrt, in a case brought by tho official agent in re the Ballarat and Geolong Company against Mr M. Bade, viz., that calls made over twelve months pre vioua to the official agent suing aro not re coverable in the polico conrt. Mr Gaunt took timo to consider his decision, and yester day, as we loarn from tbo Mail, took the view that the plaintiff could not recover summarily bofore the justices of tho peace, as the complaint upon which tho summons was founded wan not made within twelve calendar months from Iho time when tho matter of complaint arose, that is to »sy, within twelvo months from the time when tho calls became due and payable. The case relied upon by tho polico magistrate waa thnt of Melville v', Eiggins, cited in Wyatt und Webb's Reports, an appeal from the decision of the bench in Melbourne, in a case by theofficial agent of tho Lerderderg Company. A street preacher, named Stovona, appeared on summons at tho Ballarat East Police Conrb yesterday, to answer a charge of obstructing the stroet. As we learn from the Post, ' ho addressod tho bonch, stating that ho was forty six years of ago, and had preached repeatedly in the streets without interruption. Ho did not seem quite able to reconoile what he called his ' doty' to his master ' with obedience to tho by- law relative to street obstruc tion. Mr Gaunt gave him plainly to under stand that if ho wanted to preach he must seleot somo building, field, or other allotment, in whioh to hold forth. The defendant eaid ho did not wish to give tho slightest offenoe, and Mr Gaunt explained to him that ho could not possibly preaoh in the streets without giving offonce, and as it had been put down in Mol bourne, so it would be here. Defendant waa evidently wound up, book in hand, to give an impromptu sermon, bat this Mr Gaunt wonla by no means allow. On his promising not to effend again, the chargo againBt him was with drawn.' A few days ago wo copied from a Ballarat paper a paragraph headed 'A Disreputable Swindle,' in which it was alleged that signa tures had beon obtained at Egerton to tho Bquattera' petition on false pretoncer. The collector of signatures, for that district, Mr Alexander Kcrr, has addressed to our contemporary the following denial:— ' I most distinctly deny tho truth of that artiolo, as in every case I allowed every peraon who signed the petition an opportunity of reading it ; or, if they could not read, I read it for them. I was particularly instructed toao so, and likewise to get every porson to sign their names and occupation.' The oharge was made by a Mr John M'Noil, who has reiterated hia statement. A case of some importance to poundkeeperg was decided at the Leigh-road Petty Sessions, on Thursday, in which the poundkeoper was fined £1 and £1 Is costs for neglecting to pro duce the pound book when required to do sf , the foe of sixpence having been tendered to tne person in oharge at the time. In this instance the poundkoeper was absent attending to auiie3 . connected with his office. Ho was also, in an other aotion by the same parties, fined 10a i and ordered to pay £i 4a for costs and one day a sustenance fees overcharged. The ground on whioh this complaint was bassd was that tae person in charge during the pounolieeper a ab sence did not accept the fees and damages ten.* dered under protest, alleging that as tUeeucep had not boen counted, tbe cp.rr.ee. amount way nnf. Irnnam. nnfl in consenuence of thiB relUBM ? the sheep wore not released until the following day, when two days' unstenanoe fees wcra charged. Weeton's Opera House was even more than usually crowded last evening, scarcely stand ing room being obtainable. Everything pro duced was enthusiastically reoeived .; Rainford* beantifal song, ' Ring the Bell, Watehnw. securing a vociferous encore. Kelly and uouyi dancing in tbe ' Active Boy a^,Gi.r!' ''„ HuEsey's singing in ' Tobias and ? Bianoas both evoked immense applause, while » Ghost in the Pawn-shop,' in. which several new local allusions hare been lutJ°aao8^ '* . ?- LegMiserables' brought aliberal programme r^r''ihQtB ^ °n °ntire chans° oI pr°* ffuamlor Uii» eve ning. ? 'Z'SXj^lMlW wift «?«-»? iio£'' . ,-» rpp-!»ea a copy of the catalogue of ffc «»S'FiMArti Exhibition, from tt^h £ K tbat Borne very conaUerabU ad «£? Law been made ainco iho opening. ThaShMUmow number 700, wri comprue a Joat vSy of oarioaitle. and art.clea o£ «rf« '' too'DPFELMWS or Tnr. SoTHltoaouBSB IJihSic* hold a grand fruit .oireo and concert SSe Town Hall. Pfahroa. on Monday evening tT The meeting is to be ponded over by fl n lion T H. Fellow., whilo Messrs Crewa Swhito'. M.L.A.B, are 'nnonneefi M MtroES. After the concert a ball is to bo held *'£'££?& lto» ol Iho Wesley Ctocb. Mutual Improvement Association last 6V«ning, at the school room, Lonedale-fltreet, was well attended, about a hundred perEoDS IStott down to tea. After tea an elocutionary entertainment vai piven by the members, pro Sow* by the Rev, fames B.okford, ho woaident of the aiwociation. lianyof tho f elections were well rendered, and an enjoyable 6TA gLvd Congest in aid of the funds of tho Southern Rifles Brats Band took placo last nirrbt at the Town Hall, Prnhron. Tho ha!! was very crowded, a largo number o! the audience Lav'U to stand. Tho Rev. Goorgo Mackie oconpied tho chair, and a very enjoyable even in e wis spout. Mr Wnrneolte aotea as musical director, and (ho groat success of tba concert was materially aided by Madame Pott, who presided at the piano. Tho funds of tho band must havo beon materially benefited. It is the intention ef the committee of tho Malbourne City Mission to hold n soiree en Tuesday evening next, m tho Oxford-street Conventional Church, at which the hon. GMrgo°Harker will preside. The funds of tho flociety aro in a very low state, and it is thought that a scries of soirees hold in the various ealmrbau districts will not only help to replenish tho emanated coffera of the society, but will teuiJ to increase tho publio interest in its objects and operations. Public'atios Received,—11 Am I my Brother's keeper?' A eermon preached in Chalmers Church in aid of the Hornbrook EacMd Schools, by tho Rev. P. S. Meuzies. Melbourne : Samuel Mullen, 55 Collins-street eSBt Wo understand that the proceeds of tho salo'are to be dovotod to the benefit of tho BOhools in aid of which the sermon was de liverod. Upon its own accotuft, however, it desorves to be widoly circulated, and we have no donbt it will. United Ancient Order op Druids. — Ilia member* of the Boadicea Lodge, No. 17, held their first anniversary at their lodge-room, Mechanics' Hotel, Cobden-street, Hotbam, on Thursday when nearly fifty gentlemen aat down to a Bupper provided by the kosteES, Mrs Stokes, in commendable style. After ample justice had been dono to tho good things pro vided, and the usual loyal toasts proposed and responded to, the chairman, president of the order, preeentod, on behalf of the members of tho lodge, to Past. Arch. D.G. Oriel Leo, a gold chain and gold acorn, suitably engraved, as a token of respect for tho active part he has taken in furthcting tho interests of tho lodge, he beiug tho founder. Tho testi monial, made by Mr Sohlamtn^ joweller, of Sxangton-ntreet, is a pretty specimen of colo nial manufacture. The weok-Iy meeting of the committee of tho Immigrants' Aid Society was held yes terday,at the Home, Princo's-bridge. Preaont, AletsM Oliphant, Griffiths, Carson, and R. Jaok (who presided). The superintendent made the following return of the num ler relieved dnring tho past week, and the present state of tho Home, viz. : — Number of inmates remaining last week, 325 ; admittod since, 106 ; discharged, 99 ; remaining inmates, 332, compris ing, 185 men, 75 womoa and 72 children. There aro 75 under medical treatment. OE the males employed 15 aro stone-breaking, 37 enknm-picking, 3 working outside ; of the females, 33 aro hair-teasing, 4 in the laundry, 2 sowing, and 2 working outside. Ont-door relief was given to 3-1 families, comprising 139 individuals, on presenting tho society's rj°i cirdB. '*- amoxo the religious services to he conduoted to-morrow, the R-.v. D. S. M'Eachern will preach at the John Knox Church, Swanston street. Tho Rev. P. Mercer will preach at the Eiohmond Presbyterian Church' The Rev. Cburlpa Clark will conduct service in the morn ing at tho Albert-street Baptist Chnroh ; and, in tho evening, at the Theatre Royal. At tha Scots' Church, the Rev. P. S. Mcnziea preaches. The Rev. Isaac Mow preaches in tho Collins-street Bap tiat Ghnrch to-morrow morning, and tho Rev. William Bionis in tho evening. The Eev. D, H. Ballantjne will preach at tha Brighton Prosbytorian Church ; unbjoot, morning — ' Death abolished, immorality re vealed;' and in tho evoning, ' Riiii an emblem of roviva!.' At tho Prahraa Inde pendent Chnrch the Rev. William Mobs preaches, Bobject — ' Christ raising tho widow's ion.' There will bs three special services in connection with St. George's Sabbath Schools, Collingwood ; the Rav. W. Woods preaching in the] morning, tho Rov. Gao. Maokie in the alternoon, and tho l!w. Dr. Cairns in the eveniug. 