THEATRICAL GOSSIP. By the Lounger. " Fearlooa— bnt true." bbaftesbury, an essayist of tho eighteenth century, speaking of "Hamlot," says, "That piece of Shakspeoro's whioh appears to havo most affeotod English hoarts, and has, perhaps boon oftoneat aotod of any that havo como npon uur singe, ib almost ono continued moral, a series of deep reflections drawn from one mouth upon the subject of ono singlo scoident nnd calamity naturally fitted to move horror and compassion. It may bo said of this play if I miBtnko not, that it has properly hut one character, or principal part. It contains D0 adoration or flattery of tho sex, no ranting at tho gods, no Mustering heroism, nor anything of that curious mixture of the fierce and trader whioh mnkes tho lnnge of modern tragedy, and nicely varies it between tho points of lovo and honor. ' Tho ono oharacter alluded to is oer- tawly that of Hamlet. In the rcpreeentation of this tragedy during tho post fortnight nt tho Thentro Royal tho character of Ophelia has been brenght into snch true artiBtio prominenoo by Miss Rose Evans that tho tragedy may ho- said to contain, in this presentation nt least, two characters. For tenderness, for constancy in her lovo for TTfllfllftk. nnd fnr faminlnn ama.i. At « i it rr. — wrougn out the delineation of thia character, Miss Evans has nover been excelled by any previous artisto on tho Melbonrne stago. ' I scarcely know, ' says a Shnkspciian prize essayist of forty years ogo, " where Shakspcaro appears more eloquent in this play than in this inimit able sketch of tho fond, timid, dosp-loving brain- warped Ophelia. Ho has drawn hor a beautiful young creature, with fond feoliugs and gentle disposition, unknown in tho ways of the world, and, as it were, unconscious of the oharms and tho beanty she possessed. Her heart is captivated by that most noble and eminently finished portrait which ho has chosen for tho hero of his play, and so alive is she to anything that concerns him, that even the feigning madness in tho object of her affec tions strikes on her tender heart, and crushes it." In my humble opinion, MisB Evans fully developed tho character ss tlins delineated. In her interview with her brother Laertes, on Ihb departuro for France, Bhe showed affection as a Bister— tonder and fond. To her father, after recount ing Hamlet's proteBtatirns of affection, and to which Polonins tells her to givo " neither words nor talk to the Lord Hamlet," how sub missive, and yet how womanly, is her reply, " I shall obey, my lord while throughout her interview with Hamlet, in which ho denies his affection for Ophelia, Miss Evans, by her attractive, pleasing nnd gentle demeanor, eli cited universal approbation. Ia the mad scene nothing could be moro mournfai than her heartrending, but 'exquisite, touches of misery and madness. The oftener I see Mr Band- mann's Hamlet, the more I like it, ond in somo parts I am compelled to forget his foreign extraction, his acting is so natural. I did not liko the manner in which ho used his Bword — the handle as a cross, when following tho ghost. I rather inolino to tho late Edmund Kean's new reading, db it waB then called. In tha scene where lie breaks from his friends to obey the command of his father, he keeps his sword pointod behind him to prevent them from fol lowing him, instead of holding it before him to protect him from the ghost. This (Keen) ren dition of the Bcone has been supposed by many to be n now reading by Mr James Andersor. In many points Mr Bandmann follows in the footsteps of Edmund Kean in portions of tha play sceno and -the graveyard scene with bene- iicial effect I do not wish to Bay that Mr Bandmann is not thoroughly original in his conception. In my mind it is a stndy. It is an assumption that cannot -be properly under stood in one, two, or even three visits. Mr Steele, as the GboBt, which, by the way, is always an unthankful part, displayed the poworg of his fine voice to great effect. The fond caution which he giveB to his bod, in tho closet scene— Bnt look I amizemont on thy raothor sits : O, stop between hor and her fighting soul ; Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works : Speak to bor, Hamlet. wob delivered with great but subdued tender ness. Mr Grevilte as First Gravodigger, was hardly unctuous enough. This part is not a low comedy one, it is essentially Shakespearian, and every comedian cannot play Shakespeare's clowns, of which this is a type. I can only call to mind two gentlomen who havo appeared in Meibonrno, and who havo been capable of playing these parts. Messrs Fred Youngs and Hoskins for many years fnlfilled tho on- tire role of our bard's clownB at Sadler's Vails, when Mr Phelps revived so many of his plays, and tho splendid acting of these gentlemen iu connection with the ever to be lamented G. V. Brooke, on tho hoards of onr Theatre Royal, will ever livo in green remembrance of tho play-goer of tho period. To return to Mr Greville. Ho played it well without exaggera tion. Tho Second Gravedigger, tho houso hills informed me, was Mr Marsh. His appear ances certainly are few and far between : the les3 ho appears in front, the greater satisfac tion. Last ovening " Narcise" was revived, and attraoted a very good honso, All ths artistes engaged in tho drama played with great spirit. Mr Steele in particular rendered tho character of tho Dae do ChoiBeul with thorough artistio expression— a. decided improvement on his previous presentations of this part. Miss Rose EvaiiB, Mr Grovillo, and Mr Harwood carried the burlesque " The Maid nnd tho Magpie" to a satisfactory conclusion. Tho Haymarket has been tenanted darint; tho week with a very clover company of Spanish gymnasts, their entertainments being varied with songs, dancing, etc., by Messrs Bromley, Taylor, Massartic, and Miss Rachel. The skating by Mr Taylor is veiy clever, in that ho excels. His singing the " Happy Old Man" is tainted with vulgarity, not at all pleasing to those who seek for grauine amusement. This evening n _ contingent of tho Theatre Royal company, including the Misses Stcwoit end Bentloy, MeBSis Stewart, Rogers, Ularemont, and Miss Sally Lloyd, will appiar. - The Opera Honso is ntill attrnctivo, aid is nightly filled by appreciative audiences. I am glad to nolo that Mr Harry Kelly has com pletely recovered from his late indisposition. He re-appearod last night, and met with a very warm reception. The energetic manager, Mr Frank Weston, takes a benefit on Wodncsdoy next, when several now sketches will bo pro duced, including tho " Stage Struck Nigger," " Tho Four o'Clook Train," and a new planta tion walk- round. To givo greater cclat to the oocasion an old Melboarne favorite will appear in tho person of Mr John Tlnnn. wt,n wilt ' Jump Jim Crow" to aBBist his brother pro- f ssionai. It waB in ttis dance Mr Darn mido himself a name in England some eight and twenty years ago. If the weather be at all propitions Mr WeBton may safely depend upon a crowded honso. Dnring tho past week Messrs Hussey, Weston, and Kelly, as sisted by the compaBy, have appeared in a clever burlesque on " Hnmlot." Mr Hussey as the Dane is immonse, although more might bo mado oat of this part if that olevor coraedien wonld give it more study and attention. I hear that several "startling" novelties ars in pre paration at this popular place of amusement. The Varieties presents a V4ry pttractivo pro gramme for pleasure seekers. The attendance, though better daring the past week, half been commensurate with tho entertainments provided. The bullet " Mephistopheles," with Madame Thereso as principal dauseusei is re-, oeived with great applause. I hear that Mr Freybcrger has gecodod from .thd Jeiiooi.hip of tho Ballsrat Theatre, his interest having been sold during this week. I am gratified to report that, by the last mail, news arrived from California that Mr Beaa- eyesight was wonderfully better, nnd Sat his general health waa excellent. He haa tetacooptod Madame Parcpa's offer lor Now York na bolter terms were mado to him to otay -„V'n Francisco. Miaa Goraldino Wnrdon and Meiers Vazio Simons, Kitts, Sntcliffe nnd Baker were on tho evo ol departnro lor tbo former city- Madamo Escott had retnrned to California, bnt Mr Squires had gono East, en route to New York. 