JONES DEFIANT. Achilles defied the lightning-Jones de fies the Assembly. Whoever has seen the noble sculpture representing the former, •and the once celebrated Jack Rag s pose plastique burlesque of it, will readily, appreciate the difference. It is the step frokn the sublime to the ridiculous, and jumping it has made Jones ridiculous. We knowl that to hit a man when he is down is cowardly and uno English; and it may be thou'ght that in de vptin?.pnother articlp to this worthy we are violating this theorem. But a moment's consideration will suffice to show such is not the case, Jones is ript down-on the con t.rary, he is offensively rampant. He weas made to kiss the ground by the Legislative Assembly, but he rebounded at once to hie feet, and is now screeching out his defiance of all and sundry his enemies, to the de light of sympathising Ballaratian audiences. It is not easy-we even doulbt if it is pos sible-to put down Jones. He is like the tombola of our infancy- prass him down wards which way you will, Ias soon as you take your finger off he is aqgain erect ;-like the nigger in America, always iturning up at the most inconvenient time, 'to the dis comfiture of both friend and foe;-like the ghost of Banquo, an unwelcome guest at the feast 'which he 'cannot be forbidden ;-lhke anything, in fact, which you I specially wish to be rid of, and which, therefore, the more persistently clings to you. He is a political nuisance, apparently as ineradioable as the physical nuisance that makes Swanston-street an offence to even unsensitiveiolfactories. In kicking against his punishment, Mr. Jones is acting very foolighly. Had he taken his gruel kindly, and retired for a season from the legislature to Ithel shopboard, he would by and by have beeri able to emerge from his exile, his sins forgiven l if rot for gotten, and once more take his part in politics. The Victorian people are very lenient towards such offenders.i Their standard of morality, politically, is not very high; and if Jones hai?fnly'made a decent show of re pentance, they would not have been too hard on him when his time of penance had ended. But his temper would not let him do this, and his temper will be his ruin. 1 It has led him astray before, according to hip own con teasion, and, when it is too late, he will find that it is leading him astray now. I Supposing him returned once more to the Assembly and in the present temper of the Ballarat people there seems little roomi to doubt that that he will-what will he do:? In the first and most important place, how will he live ? -Ie cannot " chip bluestone byiday and pound members by night," as Charles Jardine pon did. We do not think he possessel patriotism enougu to do so, even it he could. Neither can he expect to get into a position of pay rom either side; and we do not suppose, even with a knowledge of the large sums he has eceived, that he has saved anything. We believe he is now, as he confessesi to always having been, in a state of imnpecuniosity which he alleges, though we don'ti believe it, to be chronic.with tailors. Neither do. we think the remuneration for qditing an up country paper will suffice for his evidently large monetary absorbing capapity. But with this preliminary difficulty got over, what can he expect to do in the House;? He Will be ouit by the respectable on both sides. Members may be compelled to endurp his presence, but they cannot be compelled to associate with him, .. It is. certain that as long as the M'Cullooh Minidtry exists he will not be a member of it. He has committed the one sin that excludes him from that hope, And into no political combination that may be formed to overthrow them, with any prospect of success, is he likely to be admitted. Even the few members in the House who might teel inclined to crony with him, will fear to do so, knowiag that the eyes of the public will be on them, and condemnation their reward. Of course, he can take up a posi tion of. indopendence, and do all in his power to harass the Government. But this, with all his cleverness, he will find an exceedingly difficult r?le to perform. A commanding officer with no army, in the face of a power, ful enemy, would not be in a more wretched plight. The fact is, as he himself said would be the case at a time when he did.not think his condemnation' could be compassed. that condemnation is equivalent to his poli ticial death. He is to 'll intents and purr poses a political porpse, and all that the Ballarat electors can do is to gqlvanise him into a hideous resemblance of life. They can never.restore the lost vitality. It might have been saved by a season of judicious re tirement, but as he and they were determined not to submit to this wholesome procesp, the result will be on their own.heads. It would be worse than unless to offer a word of advice to the electors of Ballarat at the present juncture. The majority of them are beyond the pale of reason. They will re-elect Jones-and he and '.they will be worthy of each other. There will be an un principled representative of an unprincipled constituency. The latter have so long been mixed up in mining .and other trapsaotions of a " fishy " character, that they have lost all sense of distinguishing between honour and disgrace. Their moral natures are de filed by the pitch they are so constantly handling, and their sensibilities blunted to the fine distinctions between meum and Nuum. It is fortunate for them they are not put to the same test as were the cities of the plain-if they were, we fear. their fate would be similar to that of Sodom and Gomorrah. " Supposing them to be at all open to reason, we could give them very good ones why they should not re-elect Jones-hut, then, what is the use of casting pearls before certain unclean animals ? 