Spuj listoin of tlic fonlifijttafe OP » ' PIUS THE NINTH. ' EPOCH I, the pope inclined to be a bepoiimeb. The life of a man who, within the short com pass, of a few months, has been adored almost as a god and execrated as the worst of tyrants, cannot fail to excite the deepest interest. By the people of England, more especially, must this interest ho strongly felt, since it is this . same man whose wanton impudence, has but m lately disturbed their tranquility, and who, 1 even now tries to raise rebellion and civil war ' in' Ireland. Brought up in the Pope's native town, inti mately acquainted with. all his family, per-: \ 'fonally connected with many of the principal: . evpnts of his Pontificate, Ihavc thought myself; qualified to relate his history, if not as an ac-; complished writer, at least as a well-informed : 'biographer. ' In narrating the history ,of Pius the Ninth,; .it .shall be my.cndeavour to forget nothing, to; omit nothing, however good or bad it may be.. He shall be praised, and blamed, wherever in; , my humble opinion dc deserves it. . Although; in these times of excitement impartiality may, be but a poor recommendation, yet I intend not to libel the man, but to write his history- The work will bo divided into four Epochs. I shall confine to a page or two the life of Giovanni Mastai. He was born at Senigallia on the 13th June 1792. He waB the seventh child of Count Mastai, one of those our noble men who possess a splendid palace, an ancient name, a magnificent. genealogical tree, and a-, revenue of from two to four hundred pounds. "Giovanni, the youngest of the family perceiv ing that, like all others similarly situated; ho, must cither, maintain himself Or be, contented with a scanty pittance at.thc board of his eldest brother, determined to become either a soldier or a priest. After some hesitation lie betook himself to the trade of the latter, as the less dangerous and more lucrative. Ho became, then, a priest, and, setting aside his bigotry and superstitious strictness in the observance of the external l'onns of religion, a very exem pli fyjp( p|ii(gja|paiihiiu |nd a(bjjgoi'hj/\ quickly advanced in" the" career of honour ana -dignity»._.IIe.becam£i..a.l?rj:latpi.a.Bishop,, and at the death of Gregory the Sixteenth, lie was Cardinal-Archbishop of Iinola. ; In each of these. -capacities few would, have acted more praiseworthy than did Mastai. A stranger to political intrigue — assiduous in performing his pastoral duties— charitable .to the poor — the friend and: consoler, of., the nlllictcd — strictly moral in liis private life, — ho was most dearly beloved . by , his flock. . The meekness of his character — his perfect freedom from political : bias— the hope entertained by all tlio other Cardinals of domineering over a Pope entirely uninterested in temporal afluirs, — all contributed > to his being elevated to tlio cbnir of St. Peter. After only" two days' conclave, on the 16th : June 184fl' he" was elected Pope, and' assumed the name, ofjPiu's the Ninth. My readers will ' perhaps be., gratified' by a short, description of this Conclave'. > On the fourteenth day after the Pope's death, the Cardinals assemble in conclave, generally from fifty-five to sixty in number. ' They meet in the Palace of the Quirinal, every Cardinal bringing with him a valet and a secre tary. Two physicians, a surgeon, and an apo thecary, enter tlio palace along with thorn, and all arc shut in until a now Pope is chosen. It is with the Catholic 'an article, of, faith :tliat the Holy Ghost presides over the deliberations " of the Cardinals ; that they, , prompted by the Divine Spirit, . invariably select the man . most fit .for. the' high office ; arid that tlio man thus chosen is infallible..' Yet notwithstanding: the divina assistance, the! conclave has'' on some oc- casibiis lasted so long (onee nine months, I be lieve) that tho" Most Eminent" gentlemen, tired of tlicir seclusion, thought to hasten the decision by enacting, that every eight: days their, daily aliment 6liould be diminished. This has more than once reduced them to a diet of bread and water — to produce, I suppose, a state of mind sufficiently clear for tho reception of the Divine Spirit, whoso voice was perhaps unintelligible when the stomachs of the holy men woro sur- , charged with-, animal food ! But to resume:- The moment the Cardinals have entered' the palace, the interior doors are walled up, and all the windows carefully closed and barred on tho outside. Each Cardinal occupies a separate apartment, which he must on no account leave except for the purpose of attending, the chapel. All intercourse between the electors is strictly forbidden; and should any ono of -them be. summoned from without upon any urgont busi ness, he descends to a parlour, must speak through a small grating, and always in the pre sence of'two- of his brother Cardinals, chosen every weckspccially Tor this purpose. At twelve' o'clock every day, a procession of gorgeously decorated carriages, each with a full comple ment: of lackeys, enters the Quirinal, convey ing the dinner of the Cardinals, with as much pomp and display as if their Eminences them selves rode inside; Many there are who ridicule this pageant. But thoy are wrong ; for ono of those dinners will some day or other be called sanlissimo (most holy) and will be served up to a most holy and blessed man, the successor of ti.e Apostles. At nalt-past ten every morning, and about five every evening, the Cardinals enter the chapel,— or rather, each enters his own private stall, which is so constructed that he can hold no communica tion witli his neighbour, in order, I should im agine; to prevent him from learning what the Holy Ghost is saying to tho other electors. One of them celebrates mass. During the con secration of the Host, the Dean goes round and receives from every Cardinal-a schedule in which is written the name of the person for whom ho votes. These schedules are deposited in the chalice, aud after mass they are read aloud from the altar, Two-thirds of tho voices are requisite to. render the election valid ; and wlieu the reading has proceeded so far as to make it evident that no one will obtain this proportion of the. votos, even if all the remain ing voices-were in his1 fay our, all.the schedules, both those which have- been read and those which remain unread, are burnt; the latter without oven being opened. The populace every morning and evening gather on the Place of the Quirinal, and gaze attentively at the chimney-tops. AVlien they see the smoke I of. the burning schedules, they disperse with some murmurs of disappointment, especially if 'their hope and curiosity have been excited by the tardiness of the unwelcome sign,! If no smoke appears, their attention- is redoubled, and. their curiosity raised to the highestipitch- In fact, when-.in two-thirds, of the' schedules is Written the same, name, - they larotnot burnt1:. ;tlic man lias become a\god;.you tnustprostratc yourself. before bin! — adorehim— or else — be; damned ! The happy event isi announced to the people -from the balcony. of;tllc palace. . Its'; wallcd-up window! being broken: open) a -Car dinal, preceded by ecclesiastical functionaries, ono of whom bear- the cross, steps out and-ad- drcsscs the multitude thus: — "Annnniio vobis fjaudium, niagnwpi habeXflits , Pontijiiprp, I aniipln(foito_.y<iu it gitou. and jbyful 'diet :mvc have a Pope ; ' and here he declares the name of-thc Cardinal: elected; - and'.'the rnamc'-'ho has- assumed as Pope, at the same time dropping into tho Place below apiece of paper on- which these names are. written. A violent scramble for this paper then takcs-placc. Thousands of liats and hands are raised high in the air to catch it : and the fortunate 'man who succeeds "rushes at once to deliver tho news to tho new Pope's friends and partisan, by whom you may believe lie is richly rewarded. WhenGregory tho .Sixteenth died, Popery, both as a spiritual and a temporal power, was also breathing its last in Italy. The Pope's scandalous conduct, both intemperate and im pure,0 ,liad alienated from him as, Pontiff all the honest and conscientious men among the religious Catholics. The relentless tyranny of Lambruscliini dclla Genga Mattei had exas perated men's minds so much that every other year a new revolution broke out, each more serious than its predecessor. . Youth. -in.i.its- generous devotedness, was ready . to shed its blood/to amend the wretched condition of tho country; and persons of more mature age, driven to despair, preferred death to ignominy. , Every moment, a general outbreak was , ex pected, the consequences of which, from tho. cxasperatcd'state of-.the people, would havo been terrible. Twenty-five thousand persons, the tenth of the active population, the hund redth part of tho -whole, were either, exiles or in the Pope's dungeons.- The misery was in-. ; supportable — the apprehension and anxiety, ex treme. All "the European'' powers, including even Austria, liad advised the Roman Court to relent, — hut, in vain. When the new Pope was elected, tlio Eomans, who , were ready to, revolt, determined, to try that last experiment. If a man -like Giovanni Mastai, whose pure and uncontaminatcd life — whose piety, meek ness, ,and, charity, every .one admired— should; prove nobetter-tlian former Popes, then -all. was over,1 and Popery would' have ceased' to reign over Italy. , ! All minds -.were, in, great suspense and anxiety, hut- Pius the Ninth soon- relieved tlicm. Urged by .his friends, who were liber als, and .prompted also by his own compassion ate heart, on the 16th .July, a month nfter his accession to tlio Papal throne, he proclaimed a large and generous amnesty. You may easily imagine the electrical effect which this, and other acts of mercy and justice; produced in a country where you could hardly have found a family which had not one of its members ' in exile or in prison. The Rom-in States never witnessed such exultation. The churches, the houses, the shops, the streets, echoed with blessings and plaudits for Pins tlic Ninth as the true representative o: tne raercuui religion of Christ. On my return from exile, I was told by my parents, and by the Pope's own brothers, that many of the unfortunate inhab itants of thc Romagna, whose chains Pius had broken, came to his palace at Senigallia, and after having exhausted all other expressions of gratitude, contrived to detach from the walls of the house a portion of the ecment; which tliey carried home to their families as a sacred relic. Tlic hurst . of gratitude 'which spj ung from our hearts elicited from the Pope some other acts of kindness. Political prisoners were by him received and pitied, and em ployed. Families wbich tlic past tyranny had ruined were relieved. The more obnoxious of the police were dismissed, and men more hon est and of milder character were employed in their stead We Italians, who so deeply resent, an injury, are equally grateful for any kindness. We loaded the Pope with our blessings and praises. We celebrated his virtues in a thousand different ways. The world was soon filled with the culogiums of Pius, and for a brief period Europo prostrated herself at tho feet of that Idol which our gratitude had placed so high. Even England — Protestant England — did not lack enthusiasm for the Pope. The rough and boisteroUB Americans complimented him ; and tlio .-Sultan;. that great and inveterate enemy to the Christian faith: sent an embassy, with presents,, to tho chief - of-, Christianity. These- demonstrations were, inimy opinion, . tlic Pope's ruin. . The flattery rendered him / vaim .His ambition. rose 1 and- lie thought to '- restore to Popery its ancient splendour and ; jpower, 'and. to become himself tho arbiter of mationsi The short-sighted priest applied to .himself'. as- Podc, the prniscs which were be stowed: on him as Prince, ..and imagined that Europo was bending the knee to tlic Pontiff, while she was only applauding tho liberal reformer. In tho meantime Rome was a sccno <rf Cjpntimpcfl jjfestiyltjv |whcrcvyr tlic Pope wont, . nc-tiia accompanied an iAiuicnse crowd of pcoplo with thunders of acclamation. Oneo, -when 'on his way back from his eountry-scat-of--- — Castel Gandolpho, tho whole road, for fourteen miles, was thronged with a joyful multitude applaudiug the return of their beloved sovereign... Many English Protestants .1 saw among tho. crowd, heartily shouting for "Pius IX. Alas! they little dreamt that - that samo man would bring their county into -so- much trouble. .'They hoped perhaps, that lio would renounce the greater, part: of tho errors of . Romish , religion, ifnd try to unite all tho Christian family, as brethren under the same standard, in theprimi-v tive church of Christ ; while he, the priest, was l- perhaps at the same moment speculating .on their ontliusiasm as tho means of bringing many;- ! over from tlie- Protestant. communion into -his rorrnnted: sheen-fold. 'And' ho lias: to 'some extent succeeded in doing so. ' Assuredly the--1 renown of, tho Pope's virtues lias brought many Protestants to the Romish,. Church, ,and I, think;.,,. I render a service' to, England ! by- showing- in-, - his true light1 thc'mari'for /whoiil' so many1 of t - lier children abandon' tiieir'rcligiohi1 Meanwhile tlio Romans,' ' wliilo ' cheering the1 Pope,, were asking for . reform atidf freedom. . Pius accepted the applause— arid thc-.pciplo,,, mistaking this aeceptacee for compliance with their wishes, 'proclaimed, kiml the. most liberal man > in Italy. The old ultra-catholic and, abso- ,. lutist party, now called the Gregorian, frightened - : by the ) clamour of the populace, and displeased v with the Pope's conciliatory pbliny, retired from the 'Court,, in, discontent,' and, for a short time 'Pius was surrounded by, true, liberal, and .honest .. , , counsellors. Yet his policy did not correspond with his vaunted reputation for liberality. Cer tainly there was a forbearance— a, to! ciation — . unknown before . to . the. Court of Rome. The,, conduct- of the Pope was irreproachable : he gave public audiences every Thursday ; lie put an end to the profusion and luxury which had disgraced the past reign, and showed liiinself ' above air eager to acquire and retain the love ;and blessings of his ' subjects. Personally he was averse -, to every kind, of tyranny and despo tism, and inclined to grant- some reforms ; but the more cunning among tlie Cardinals' and ' Prelates, without 1 openly opposing his wishes, insinuated into his ''timid/'' and superstitious mind, the idea that by, allowing any .layman to,, enter- his councils, and by divesting the -Church. - of -any of her privileges, he would be little bet1 ' ter than a heretic; — hence his1 vacillation. Count Joseph, the Pope's own brother, who had been an exile and was a patriot, conversing upon ' our hopes and fears with the author of this work said—" I am atraiu, tliey will wort upon ms. , feeble and timorous conscience; — if they persuade him that it, is a sin to concede any reform we< - are lost." He was right. (To le continued .) 