fLategt SIGNALLING THE NEW GOVERNOR.— It has been arranged that on the arrival of the mail steamer, should the signal indicating the presence on board of His Excellency Sir James Fergusson be shown, that the Union Jack will be hoisted at the Semaphore and Port flagstaff's. The Port Adelaide Artillery have received orders to assembls as soon as the signal is made, with a view to firing a salute on His Excellency landing. " ADELAIDE PUNCH."—No. 3 of Adelaide Punch contains a cartoon representing the Attorney- General as a woodman, busily engaged in demo lishing the volunteer force. He has made the. incision, and is just in the act of driving in the reductions wedge to complete the overthrow, when his arm Is arrested by a BIyth in uniform. The likeness of Mr. Strangwaye, at all events, is excellent. Among the smaller cuts is one representing the Mayor of Adelaide visited in his slumbers bv the ghosts of unilluminated lamp-posts, bells oh impossibly thin legs, and discharged bobbies with muskets and extraordinary disconsolate looks; over him stands a coffin, and near his bed a bag, presumably of money, with 15.) per cent, inscribed on it. The number altogether seems a very good one. SEVERE ACCIDENT TO A LITTLE CHILD.-On Friday evening a child two years old, belonging to Mr. Joce, storekeeper, of Angas-street, was playing in an enclosure at the back of the house, where a horse belonging to Mr. Waterman was feeding. The child approaching too close, the horse kicked him in the face, cutting the face from the eye to the mouth, and breaking the jawbone. The child was immediately attended by Dr. Spicer, who sewed up and dressed the wound. Upon enquiry this morning, it was ascertained that the child was progressing favourably. STREET-WATERING A SIGN OE PROGRESS.—On Monday morning Mr. Fudge, the contractor for watering the Main-street, commenced operations (says the Kapunda Herald). The sight was a novel one for Kapunda. If any one had ventured four or five years ago to prognosticate that Eapunda would so soon have her streets watered, that one would have been put down as a lunatic. Yet, so it is. and we think we are correct in saying that Kapunda is the only town out of Adelaide which has attained to that high state of civilization. Several improvements will, however, be required before we are enabled to say that the dust has been subdued. Ia the first place the contractor will have to get the holes in the pipe punched a little larger; secondly, he must persuade his horse to go a little slower; and thirdly, the first watering should be given about 6 a.m, when the street ought to be thoroughly oaked. If the 8u?gestiona of our correspondent " Agricola" were carried out we might vie with the city in street-watering, and the only difficulty we Bee at present to the scheme is the great expense. At the Council meeting on Wednesday the present method of watering the 6treets was felt to be so nadequate that it was resolved to immediately escind the contract. DUKE OP EDINBURGH RACE MEETING. —A meeting of the Central Committee for carrying out the proposed race meeting on the Old Adelaide Course in honour of the expected visit of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh was held at the Globe Hotel on Saturday morning, the I6th January. There were present Sir J. H. Fisher (in the chair), the Hons J. Morphett, J. Baker, Messrs. W. K. Simms, M.P E, M. Bagot, J. Formby. J. Harvey, J. H. Parr C. Main, P. Levi, H. C. Gleeson, J. Darwent, j! Chambers, Dr. Bathe, and others. It was moved by Mr. Simms, seconded by the Hon. J t Baker, and carried, " That it is desirable to have a day's racing on the Old Adelaide Course, in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh's visit.'' A programme of seven races was laid before the Committee, and after several amendments, proposed by Dr. Bathe, had been agreed to, one of them being the introduction of a Novel Trial Race for horses that have never started for any advertised race. The race was adopted, on the motion of Mr. Simms, seconded by Mr. Parr. A number of gentlemen were added to the Committee, and the question of a race ball having been deferred to a future meeting, the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. FATAL ACCIDENT AT CTFRRENCR CREEK —The Southern Argus reports that an accident, which terminated fatally, occurred at Currency Creek Township on Monday evening last. The deceased, named Frank Johnstone (who had been a considerable time in the employ of Mr. D. T. Jones shepherd), had recently purchased a horse, which he had ridden to the Creek to drink, and on returning from the bridge to the hotel, galloped furiously up against the corner-post of the uewlyfenced enclosure opposite the Post-Office, and against which he was thrown with great violence. The injuries sustained were chiefly confined to the hea<i, and from which immediately afterwards a profuse hcemorrage proceeded from the mouth and ears. Several people were witnesses of the accident. and immediately conveyed decea-ed to the hotel, where every attention was bestowed, and, after lingering some hours, he died early next morning. During the day an inquest was held b ® fore £f r - ifi rie - S.M., and a respectable Jury of whnm Mr R_ hnnman was r.hnspn FWpman Tim evidence of the witnesses clearly pointed to the accidental character of the death, and a verdict was given accordingly. NOT TERRA FIRM A.—A number of gentlemen were, on Friday last, driving towards MacDonnell Bay on one of the district roads (writes the Standard); and when near Mount Schank it was suddenly discovered that a cave had broken in just in the middle of the road. Fortunately it was not they jumped it. and managed tq drag the four* wheeler safely over. TEM P . E P JJ , CE LECTCRE.-A lecture in connection with the Temperance League and Band o Hope Union was delivered in the Temperance Hall on Friday evening, January 15, by the Rev. G. W. Patchell, one of the Vice-Presidents. The Patron of the League (the Hon. Captain Bagot) presided, and there w£a good attendance. Mr Patchell treated he subject in a very interesting manner. He detailed in very forcible language some of the umerous evils which our great national sin" ccasions, and abundantly illustrated his lecture by necdotes, both humorous and pathetic At the lose a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him, lso to the Chairman and the members of the the eveninjI gave j ^ t S ^ o f m ^ ™ * b n n m b E THE ENGLISH MAIL.—The English mail to December 4 is due at Glenelg on Monday evening Reasoning "from the known to the unknown," it maybe reasonably expected to be punctuaL In 1868 the branch steamer arrived on two occasions a day before it was due. and on four other occasions upon the exact day. The maximum interva occupied in the transmission of the mail from England in 1868 was 50 days, and the minimum 44 days. Sir James Fergusson is generally expected to arrive by this mail. MILITABT COURT-MARTIAL.—A Court-Martial, consisting of Major Glancey (President), Captain Ross, D.A.C.G., Captain Fyler, Captain Clarke, Assistant-Surgeon Owen, Lieutenant Fleury, and Ensign Taunton, was held at the Military Barracks on Saturday, January 16, on Private John Green for desertion, &c.; Lieutenant Turner acted as Deputy Judge Advocate, and Lieutenant Ailardice as prosecutor. The commissions, signed by Major- General Chute, Commander of Her Majesty's forces in Australia and New Zealand, authorizing Major Glancey to hold the Court, and appointing Lieut. Turner Deputy Judge Advocate, were rea l, after which the members of the Court were sworn. The prisoner was then arraigned, the following charges being preferred against him—First, with desertion at Adelaide on the 20th December last; secondly, with making away with part of his kit and necessaries;. thirdly, with insubordination in using improper and insulting language towards a sergeant, his superior officer; and fourthly, with insubordination in throwing his cap at Ensign Cons'dine. The prisoner pleaded guilty to the first charge, and not guilty to the remaining ones. Evidence was then adduced in support of the charges. The witnesses who were examined were Lance-Corporal Muller, Detective Keegan, Sergeant Buckley, Lance-Corporal Smith, sergeant Kirne, Sergeaut Dougherty, and Ensign Considine, The Court adjourned to a quarter to 2 o'clock to hear evidence the prisoner had to call in reply. NARROW ESCAPE AT. GAWLER.—The Bunyip reports that "on Friday a colt was being 'handled' at Mr. Pile's, and had a long rope attached to his neck. The gardener, who was assisting, was asked to hold the rope while the rough rider got something he wanted from the stable. While he was gone the colt began to plunge, and the gardener could not hold him. The animal dragged the rope through his hands, and he was forced to let go, but as the colt gallopped off the end of the rope twisted round the man's leg, and he was dragged for 60 yards along the ground at a terrible speed, Bustainiug a good deal of scratching and bruising, but fortunately no serious injury. Probably what saved the man's life was the fact of the horse dashing a :ainst a tree with such force as to throw himself down, otherwise the man would most likely have come into contact with the tree, and been very seriously injured, if not killed." CASE OF CHURCH BREAKING.—Early on Friday morning the person who has charge of the Stow Church, Flinders-street, was informed that one of the doors was found wide open, with the portion of the lock into which the bolt fastens wrenched off. On an examination of the building nothing was missing, so that it ia to bs prsumed something alarmed the depredator so as to prevent him accomplishing his purpose; unless, ascanhaidlv be imagined, the door was forced out of sheer mischief. SMALL BEER SEIZURE. —On Friday last the Mount Gambier police made a seizure of a quantity of beer at the Cuttings, Mount Muirhead Flat. In one tent 20, and in another 10 gallons, were seized and brought to the Police Station. There were empty vessels in these tents, which left but little doubt that a roaring trade had been carried on in retailing the liquid. Unless the owners reclaim the beer within a reasonable time, and can show that they were in possession of it other than for the purpose of selling, the police will make an application to the Bench that the same be forfeited. THE WHEAT MARKET.—Very little wheat has as yet (writes the Herald) found its way into Kapunda, although most of the crops are gathered in. The only way this can be accounted for ia that the farmers are holding back on account of the low price at present ruling. As regards the yield in the district, we believe, from enquiries we have made, that will be quite up to the average; indeed, we meet with very few who have not obtained more than they expected. THEATRICAL.—The dramatic criticof the Australasian says:—"I am glad to know that Mr. Walter Hill, who suffered a dreadful accident 12 months ago, is now neaily quite well, and has accepted an engagement in Adelaide. He is a very deserving man, and an intelligent actor; and I trust his future success may compensate him abundantly for his past misfortunes." ALLEN'S " SPECTATOR."—"We have received No. 1 of Allen's Spectator. It is of the same dimensions as Pasquin. LIABILITY FOR GRASS IGNITED BYLOC OMOTIVES —It may be remembered (says the Bunyip) that one of the first fires this season caused by the locomotive ignited the grass in a paddock between Salisbury and Dry Creek, the property of Mr. Barnet, sen. An application was made to the Government for compensation, we believe, to the amount of £30. In that case the reply was made that the charge was too high; but this implied an m acknowledgment of liability. A few weeks since a similar application was made by Mr. Edward J Lane, for Mr. Duffield, for the sum of £28 4s. 6d. for grass and fences destroyed. The following leply has just been received:—"Public Works Office, Adelaide, J2th January, 18fi9. Sir— With reference to your claim of £*28 4s. Cd. for damage done to grass paddock through fire from the engines burning the feed on the 9th, 10th, and llth ult., I am directed by the Commissioner to inform you that, as no negligence has been shown by the Railway authorities, but, on the contrary, every possible precautiou taken to prevent damage from sparks from the the engines, the Commissioner is advised that the Government are not liable.—I have, &c.;, M. DUTTON, Secretary." We believe other claims have arisen, and we expect one at least of the cases will be tried in Court to establish the principle. If we mistake not the Government have paid compensation in similar cases. If the railways belonged to private Companies instead uf the Government, there would not be the slightest doubt about their 1 iability, and they would generally be made to pay pretty heavy dameges in case of accidents. CHANGES AT CHRISTCHURCH, MOUNT GAMBIER. —It is understood that the Ven Archdeacon Twopeny will leave Mount Gambier (says the Standard) about the 22nd or 23rd instant; his successor, Mr. W. B. Andrews, being expected to arrive at about the same date. ON THE BENCH AND OFF.—Our Police Magistrate ( says the Ararat and Pleasant Creek Advertiser), when on a recent professional visit to Landsborough, was somewhat startled while walking through the township to hear some person vociferating his name in a loud but slightly vacillating tone of voice. On turning to discover who it was, he was accosted by a gentleman, whose manner and gait clearly showed that he had been drowning his cares in quite a number of "flowing bowls," who informed Mr. Daly that he owed him five shillings, following his assertion by a demand for 'mmediate payment. On that gentleman enquiring as to how the debt had arisen, his convivial acquaintance replied, " Why, you see, the last time you were here you (hie) took a E oliceman's word against mine (hie), and fined mo ve shillings for being drunk. I wasn't drunk. I never do get drunk (hie)—and (hie) never mean to, s'help me bob. Come now," added he, "pay your debts like a man." Mr. Daly, much impressed by the force of this ingenious theory, and a statement so veraciously borne out, presented him with half a crown, regretting a deficiency of silver precluded the possibility of the whole debt being at that time liquidated. His conscientious creditor graciously consented to receive that amount as an instalment; informing Mr. U&ly; that he should expect the balance at as early a date as possible. THE SEA RIPPLE.—The Government have'determined not to risk the sending of the Sea Ripple to the Northern Territory, in the face of the adverse report of the Boa^d of sea captains who recently inspected her. They are at present in treaty with Mr. Darwent, the owner of the Gulnare, and if his terms are such as they can agree to, that vessel will be dispatched. In the event of the negotiations failing the Government survey Hchooner Flinders is to be sent without delay. Mr. GEEBABD'S STDD.—By the Coorong on Thursday night, January 14, arrived Mr. Gerrard : s well-known trainer Jordan, bringing with him two mares who recently attended the Ace of Clubs levee at Mariby rnong. One of these is an old acquaintance, Repalia, who it will be remembered broke down the last great Cup race in Victoria. Under her present management she is likely to make a ame for herself as a splendid breeding mare if in o other capacity. The other is a Touchstone are ; OrdeaT, a very valuable animal. They are oth' at the Napoleon Buonaparte stables at resent, where, no doubt, many interested ia orse-breedmg, will pay their visit of inspection. 