C1RNTR.AT. Pnt.TPP mTTPT Monday, Oct., 25. (Before the Mayor, the Police Magistrate, and Messrs Belcher, Butherford and Weekes.) Dkdkk aitd Disokderet. — Bridget Mullane and. John Keogh were charged with being drank and disorderly; the first was discharged, it bong her first offence ; John Keogh was fined 5s, or in default 24 hours'imprisonment. Perj unr.—Charles Orton Henri ell snr rendeSedto his bail and stood on the floor of the court prepared to answer the charge .of peijuiy. Mr Higgins appeared for the prosecution, and Mr Guy for the defence. Mr Higgins said it would be necessary for him to apply. for another adjournment. On the last occasion a gentleman from the prothonotary's office was not in attendance. To make sure of his attendance on this occasion he had sent the subpoena through his own agent, accompanied by the witness" expenses. He had a right to apprehend, therefore, that this subpoena was with the prothoaotary. Mr Higgins here read the 386th section of the Common Law Pro cedure" Statute, which provides that all affidavits used., before a judge "should be filed at the Prothonotaiy's office within ; seven days. "Now the affidavit upon which the case was founded had been sworn to by the defendant on the 9th instant, and he had had a right to apprehend that it had been lodged with the prothonotary. Nevertheless, he had that morning re ceived a letter from that official, stating that . he had no affidavit sworn- to bv Charles Hennell in his possession, and that he knew nothing about it. * The letter - further stated that a telegram had been sent to this effect on the 19th inst to the clerk of petty sessions. Now Mr Anderson denied ever haying re ceived the telegram. The gentleman at the Prothonotaiy's office had also stated that the £1 offered as expenses was not sufficient. The case, he thought, was altogether a very strange one, and. one in which he, Mr Higgius, should take the liberty of communicating with the hon the Attorney General, and let him know how things were going on. He apprehended, therefore, he had a perfect right to ask tor another adjournment. Mr Guy said it was Mr Higgins' business to ascertain whether the affidavit had been filed. (Mr I Higgins—It was' a matter of duty on the part of the Government officials.) He should most strenuously oppose another adjournment The very information was informal, it was like the play of Hamlet without the Ghost. There was no word in the information as to who would berin- j jured by the affidavit. Mr Higgins said be could not be responsible fur any laxity on the part of a Government department. The Police Magistrate said a postponement might he granted on the distinct under standing that the case should, be decided at the next sitting. For Mr Guy's own client's sake it was desirable that the case should be investigated. When would Mr Higgins be ready to go on with the case ? Mr Higgins replied that he would have to communicate with the Attorney General. The Police Magistrate did not see that the Attorney General had anything to do with the case. Eventually the case was ad journed-. until Monday, bail being en larged. Cause List—Ferguson v James Adams. Terdict for £1 14s and costs. J: ~\V. Holland v J. Haworth—Claim for £G 9s 11 Ad, for work and labor done. Mr Maley for plaintiff. The work was galvanised iron spouting, and fixing the same. The plaintiff admitted there was Is 6d wrong in the account. The defendant produced an agreement to show that some of the work done had been done under another con tract. This plaintiff distinctly denied, and after the case had taken up a considerable time in its disposal, a verdict .was given for £6 8s 51 d and 263 costs, and the court adjourned. 