GENERAL NEWS. The Braidwood Dispatch reports that on Saturday morning last Mr. Ambrose Freeman, watchmaker, of Wallace-street, Braidwood, was found dead in his bed. The cause of death was apoplexy. ¡SUDDEN ILLNESS IN THE STREET.-A young woman aged about twenty-one, named Catherine O'Malley, was found lying in a dying state in York-street, about half-past six o'clock yesterday evening. She complained of a pain at the heart to the police who picked her up. They got a cab, and conveyed her to the Infirmary, where she was at once admitted.-Herald of Satur- day. THE WEATHER AT PARRAMATTA.-Shortly after nightfall on Friday, the rain, with which we had been favoured in partial showers through- out the week, seemed to conoentrate itself into a solid body of water, and poured in drenching torrents during the night. At about 5 this morning (Saturday) we were startled by one sudden and extremely violent clap of thunder, which shook the very walls of the houses. It was not followed by any of its brethren, but im- mediately after, the rain came down with re- doubled violence, converting the streets into rivers, the watercourses into foaming torrents, the river itself into a turbulent turbid cataract, and even the very meadows into lakes. The river rose rapidly, and at midday stood as high as it did during the great floods of 1867, but not within several feet so high as in 1866, when it reached the greatest height ever known in Par- ramatta, and endangered the safety of the fine bridge spanning its current. During the night, owing to the stoppage of the drains, several people were put to great inconvenience-one family in particular, having to shift from their residence, and take shelter in the Sohool of Arts. Numbers of gardens have been injured to a greater or less estent, and numerous losses of valuable poultry, by drowning, are reported. -S. M. Herald, May 10. The Goulburn Herald states that the Rev. E. B. Proctor, of Bungonia, was driving his buggy homeward, when the horse bolted and smashed the vehicle, seriously injuring the rev. gen- tleman. The Melbourne Herald states that a measure is shortly to be brought forward for the payment of members, at the rate of a guinea a day for a session of four months. If the session be ex- tended beyond that period honorable members must bear their own expenses. A SINGULAR ASSAULT -For beating a man with a bunch of sausages (says the Melbourne Âgé), a decidedly novel species of offensive wea- pon, Edward Pigott was ordered to pay 10s, at the City Court, on Wednesday, the bench re- marking that though the assault might not have caused very severe injuries, yet it was an un- pleasant operation to undergo. Lucy Carter, a vocalist at the Chiltern Theatre, lately took an overdose of laudanum, and died. The drug had not been taken, it was believed, with any suicidal intention The Water Poli«1? Magistrate of Sydney cen- sures very severely the practice that storekeepers have of exposing goods for sale outside their shops, as offering a temptation to crime, and he has directed the police to summon shopkeepers who persist in this practice. A woman applied to the magistrate at the Sydney Central Police Court, on Friday, to be sent to gaol for a month for protection. The magistrate informed her that he had no power to grant her request, whereupon she became noisy, and began to use obscene language, so that she was taken into custody for that offence, and her wish is likely to be granted. DEATH IN DARLINGHURST GAOL-The Police Magistrate held an inquiry on Friday, at Darlinghurst gaol, upon the body of Michael Davis, who Was sentenced in December last to six months' imprisonment under the Vagrant Act. He was very old, blind, and infirm, and had been in a weak state since his admission. He died on Thursday morning. He was 81 years of age.-Abridged from the Herald of Saturday. A LIVE GHOST.-We (Bathurst Times) have somothing sensational to record at last. A real live ghost is making nocturnal visitations in the neighbourhood of Wyagdon. The spectre haunts a particular tree, is phosphorescent, and makes the air resound with frightful shrieks, yells, and groans. Horses shy at the apparition, and everybody in the neighbourhood is more or less scared. It is said a party of gentlemen went out a night or two ago, armed with a gun, to make the acquaintance of the ghostly visitor, but they "have never been heard of since! Whether our informant meant that he had not heard of the result of their expedition, or that they had disappeared through superuatural means, we do not know. We give the tale as told to us, and our readers can put their own construction upon it. A NARROW ESCAPE.'-A correspondent of the Ballarat Star narrates a narrow escape that happened to a youth named Tait, son of the Mayor of Smythesdale, who was ridipg through the bush when his horse shied, and his heel slipped down an old hole, almost covered with grass, by the side of the path. Fortunately the top of the hole was narrow, and the horse stuck at the top sufficiently long for the rider, by a desperate effort, to fling himself off, which he succeeded in doing juBt as the horse, a valuable animal, slipped down the shaft, a depth of forty feet. The horse was drowned, and the saddle was broken to pieces against the side of the hole. The Melbourne Chess Club are considering the advisability of holding a chess tournament this year. An adjourned meeting of persons interested in Postle's meat-preserving process was to have been held on the afternoon vof the 5 th May, in Scott's Hotel, Melbourne. Two reporters were the only persons who attended at the time and place specified, and they, after waiting until a quarter-past three o'clock, left, as none of the promoters of the undertaking had put in an appearance. A singular divorce suit'has just terminated in Melbourne in favour of the petitioner. A Miss Allardyce, who, after a courtship of six days, married a man named Mitchell, who falsely represented himself as one Gordon, belonging to a family known to Miss Allardyce in Scotland. Mitchell, it appeared, had been guilty of some crime in South Australia, and the relations of the lady were acquainted with his real character and identity, and wrote to warn her, but Mitchell managed to intercept the letter. A peculiar instance of recovery of the facul- ties of the. mind, after an interval of sixteen, years insanity, is related in the Argus of May 6\. A woman in the Ararat Lunatic Asylum, who had been insane for that period, enjoyed vigorous health till about five years ago, when an abscess commenced to form, and she gradually declined in strength. ^It was at last evident that death was approaching, and as she sank, her mind recovered from its aberration. All memory of the sixteen years of madness was lost, but she remembered many circumstances which occurred previous to that time. The cause of death was found to be a pin, which had pro- duced the abscess. Intelligence was received in Sale on Sunday, May 2, that the Half-way House, on the Maffra road, had been stuck-up by a man wearing crape over his" face, and carrying a revolver. He de- manded money, and not obtaining any, fired off his revolver outside, and rode away. It is be- lieved that the affair was a very silly and dan- gerous hoax. The conduct of the electioneering friends of Mr. C. E. Jones ac Ballarat is passing all bounds. The Ballarat Star says :-" The mob which as- sembled near the Alfred-hall on Friday night, was; it appears,, upon mischief bent. When Mr. Bryce, whose shop is at the corner of Grenville street, went out to remonstrate with those who were beating against his premises, he was at first mistaken for Mr. Joseph Jones, and personal vio- lence was openly threatened. One ruffian put his fist in Mr. Bryce's face, and called out, ' If you had been Coffee Jones, I'd have punched your-head ;' and others also used threaten- ing language. It is certainly high time that the friends of order and decency in public life took some effectual steps to disperse this band, which is-not content with howling down all opposition at public meetings, but openly threatens personal violence to political opponents." A portion of the road metal used in forming one of the streets of Wagga Wagga was the other day found to contain some rich specimens of gold bearing quartz. About two years ago a piece of metal, impregnated with gold, was found in Gur wood-ftreet, and it is believed that a diligent prospecting in the locality whence the metal is obtained would result in the discovery of a pay- able quartz reef. I Two excellent saddles have been made in [ Wagga Wagga, and are noticed in the Express of May 5. One is a steeplechase riding saddle, and weighs only four pounds; the other ÏB a jockey saddle, weighing two pounds and a quarter. Both are of hogskin, and the work- manship is said to be exquisite. A case of mushroom poisoning, that nearly had a fatal termination, took place the other day at Warrnambool. Mr. J. P. Cave, after par- taking of some fungi believed to be mushrooms, was taken ill with a violent vomiting and rigid- ity of the limbs. Medical assistancewas promptly called in, and"the life of the patient was with difficulty sav*ed.-Melbourne Argus, May 4. THE COMMERCIAL CONFERENCE DELEGATES. -In order to enable the representatives of Vic- toria and S ou ti Australia to form an adequate conception of "the engineering difficulties which have now been overcome, but which for a time made the apparent progress of our railway ex- tension so much slower than that of our Victorian neighbours, the Government have invited the delegates to an excursion on the Western line on Monday next. The visitors will be accom- panied by several members of the Ministry. S. M. Herald, May 10. As Mr Elsworth, butcher, Sebastopol, was feeding his pigs last night, he was savagely attacked by one of the boars, which threw him down, and began to champ him, inflicting one serious wound at the back of the head, and several .smaller ones on the shoulder. Mrs. Elsworth, hearing her husband cry for help, ran out, and seeing what was the matter, she took a pitchfork and succeeded in beating the infuriated brute off, and perhaps in saving her husband's life.-Melbourne Argus, May 6. The Argus translates from Dingler's Poly- technic Journal, a German publication, an article describing the properties of water glass or sili- cate of soda as a means of preserving sandstone against the influence of weather. This article is also valuable in theatres to protect the more easily combustible portions of the inteiior fit- tings of the stage against fire ; scenery coated with water-glass will not readily burn. An inquest was held yesterday at Kew, on the body of Mary Dogrel, whose death, on the night of the 30th'ult., was attended with some sus- picious circumstances. The evidence shows that the man and wife were quarrelling on the night in question, but there is as yet no direct evidence to criminate the husband. The medical testimony shows that the deceased died from a rupture of blood-vessels at the base of the brain, which might have been occasioned by a heavy fall, such as the deceased had on entering the house. The inquest will be resumed this morning, at nine o'clock.-Melbourne Argus, May 4. ACTION FOR AN UNSKILFUL OPERATION. The South Australian Advertiser is informed that Mrs. Wincey, sen., of Gawler Town, has commenced an action in the Supreme Court against Dr. Berncastle for damages in conse- quence of his having performed an unsuccessful operation on her eyes, which has resulted in a serious illness. Eight donkeys and á mule have recently been added to the four-footed population of Ballarat. THE WEATHER AT BATHURST.-We have again been visited with heavy rain, which ap- pears to have extended through the whole dis- trict. The rain commenced to fall on Wednes- day last, and continued almost incessantly until last night, and we learn that there was a heavy fall of snow yesterday at the Fish River. The rapidity with which the grass and herbage are growing is something wonderful, and the whole country around presents a beautiful picture of living green. All fears of a lack of grass or water for some time to come are now allayed, and the farmers and graziers of the country are looking forward to the " good time coming." A correspondent at Carcoar writes :-The wea- ther has been fine during the past three weeks, every place is green, but the grass does not grow very fast. Farmers are hard at work, ploughing and sowing their land ; the sheep of the district have greatly improved since the late rains, and travelling sheep are quickly leaving this dis- trict, and returning to their stations. A few hours rain would be of service just now. Property in Geelong, fronting Ryrie-street, thirty feet, with a depth of 150 feet, and with two wooden tenements erected upon it, was lately sold for £1000. An act of cowardly ruffianism (says the Argus) was perpetrated at Mr. Ramsden'3 flour-mill, North Melbourne, on the night of the 30th ultimo. In connexion with the condensing apparatus, Mr. Ramsden has two large ponds well stocked with gold and silver fish, numbering, it is believed, some thousands. On Saturday morning large numb- ers of these fish were found floating dead on the top of the water, and upon an examination it was evident that during the preceding night they had been poisoned. Mr Ramsden has some idea as to who has been guilty of this scoundrelly act, and the person is being pretty closely watched. We also understand that Mr. Ramsden will give a reward of £100 for such information as will lead to the conviction of the offender. 