ROYAL TELEGRAMS. Wednesday. 4.30 n.m. The Galatea is passing Twofold Bay. The Prince is reading last week's Punch, laughing heartily. 4.40. An order for all the copies of last week's Punch that may be left on hand ; none left, 20,000 sold already. The Galatea has passed. 4.50. The Prince having laughed immoderately at the portrait of his fair friend " Betsy " has just refreshed himself with soda and brandy. Great rush of the inhabitants of Twofold Bay for soda and brandy and copies of Punch. 5. It wasn't soda, it was Seltzer water. Great confusion at Twofold Bay — no Seltzer water to be obtained, the solitary chemist has substituted Seidlitz powders, which "go down" with the Twofold Bayites just as well. 5.30. The Prince feels hungry — prepares for dinner— washes his hands. The inhabitants of Twofold Bay wishing to show their loyalty also wash their hands. 6.30 p.m. The soup and fish (oysters curried) just removed from the table of H.R.H. The Prince has just asked for a copy of last week's Pro testant Banner — servants laugh at the joke of H.R.H. The inhabi tants of Twofold Bay gone out oystering, determined to have a Royal dish of curried oysters for supper. 7 p.m. Galatea going on anyhow. The Prince sends his respects to all the pretty gals. The " Royal Reciter " is not on board. 8 p.m. The Prince is playing his violin — all hands piped to grog. Passing Kiama. A whale seen. Band playing "Have you seen the Ghost ?" 8 p.m. South Head — a 'bus and six horses — with coachman, with two insides and two outsides, arrived at Heads — all panting — all sold. Thursday, 5 a. m. The Galatea is outside — The Prince is in bed and snoring. 7 a.m. Prince just awoke. A boat with a ' ' special reporter " from S. M. H. gone off to the Galatea. 8 a.m. " The Pet Special " isn't wanted, and is gone off in a pet. The Prince wide awake — enquires affectionately after Mr, Punch. 11 a.m. The Galatea enters the harbour coeval with the rival yacht squadrons. 12 noon. Dropped anchor. A detective appeared on board. The Prince however, soon spotted him, although he was disguised as a gentleman, and gave him the cold shoulder, informing him that he could, with safety, dispense with his services, as he relied upon his friends the people of New South Wales. 12.30 p.m. H. R. H. landed, looks in right royal health ; shook hands heartily with Jack Robertson, and congratulated the Hon. John and himself that he was not to be bored with the same lot of muffs as met him before. _ The _ Hon. John having shaken hands again with H.R.H. upon this reciprocity of sentiments, walked arm in arm with H. R. H. to Government House, where they indulged in a " reviver," in the shape of — (Mr. Punch cannot disclose any more.) The Prince wears an entirely different style of costume to that in which he last appeared. Messrs. Mannix Bros, have in consequence gone into fits, in anticipation of the glorious harvest they are about to reap, in coats a la mode de Prince, &c.; , &c.; , &c.; 