THE FROME BRIDGE. TO THE EDITOB. Sir—I would beg to call the attention of the City Corporation to the bad state of the Frome Bridge. It is, in fact, dangerous to walk over after dark, for about the middle of the bridge there is a large hole 10 inches square, and were a person to tread right upon it. ten chances to one he would either break or sprain his leg. I myself had a very narrow escape from it. I believe it is within City bounds, and therefore should be looked to at once. I am, Sir, &c.;, SAFETY. Adelaide, September 25,1869. I The flooring of the bridge is now under repair.— ED.1 FOUNDATION ROMAN CATHOLIC CHAPEL.—Our local correspondent reports that on Sunday, Sept. 26, the foundation-stone of St Anthony's Catholic Chapel was laid at Chinkford, in the presence of a large concourse, and the Rev. J. Smyth, V.G., and Fathers Schrell and Tappeiner, were present. Mass was said by the Rev. Father Schrell, and the Vicar- General, after consecrating the building so far as completed, in an impressive manner laid the stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost Beneath the stone, in a bottle, were placed coinB and copies of the denominational organs. The Vical-General then preached, pointing out the necessity for such buildings, and their duty to contribute towards the work. At the conclusion numbers came forward and presented their offerings, which amounted to £57. The day was remarkably fine but warm, and no doubt many would have been glad to have had a good soaking before arriving at their homes. The Mintaro Roman Catholic Choir, led by Dr. Vogt, lent their services. The building, when finished, will be 40 feet by 25 feet in the clear, and 15 feet from floor to ceiling, and will have Gothic openings. Mr Kauffmann is the contractor for the mason-work." POLYNESIAN LABOUR.—The following is the report of the Select Committee appointed by the Queensland House of Assembly to enquire into this question :— .. " 1 -. Yoi ?r Committee have taken a large quantity of evidence in order to ascertain what truth there may be in the following allegations made here and elsewhere, through the medium of the public Press and otherwise, respecting the employment of Polynesians in Queensland, viz. •— (1.) That they are obtained from their island homes by violence or fraud. (2.) That they are treated with injustice by their employers, and regarded with aversion by European labourers. (3) That being savages they are likely to injure our colonists. (4.) That being Christians they are likely to be contaminated by intercourse with our colonists. (5.) That their return to their homeB at the ? n ,d ?f their periods of service is not likely to be fulfilled according to agreement. (6.) That their employment is opposed to the interests of European labourers. On these and other points your Committee have made diligent enquiry wherever it seemed possible to obtain trustworthy information, and the result convinces them that these allegations are not proved by the evidence placed before them. "2. Your Committee, however, recommend, as a precaution against possible wrong-doing on the part of those who bring these men from the islands, that the Government should send an agent with every vessel licensed for this service, charging the cost of such agent against the person to whom the licence is granted. "3. Your Committee further recommend that efficient interpreters should be obtained for the purpose of fully explaining to the men their contracts and duties, as well as on their behalf anv complaints they may have against their emnloveii J or others. "4. Your Committee also advise that Polr nesians shall be deemed competent witnesses m Courts of Justice—due care being taken that thev truth 16 aware their °bli&ations; to speak the " 5. Your Committee find that all employers of Polynesians concur m believing their labour ho highly satisfactory aud valuable; and thevaZ nf opinion, that while the interests of him.«ni£ demand that, all care be taken of these m^n no unnecessary obstacle should be thrown in thewav m ine way of their introduction." ™ 