THE PROVrNCrAli COUNCIL OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH.' The opening of tho council was celebrated yesterday at tho cathedral of St. Patrick with much solomnity and magnificonco. Tho whole of tho prolatcs of Anstralia liavo been brought together to bold a Provincial Conncil, prepara- tory to tho (Ecumenical Conncil in Romo. It was originally intended that it should have been held in Sydnoy, the seat of tho Arch bishop, but tho destmction of the cathedral by fire compallcd tho abandonment of that idea, and Molbourno, as tho moBt control city in Ans tralia, waa chosen. On Saturday wo briefly explained the objects of tho Conncil, so for as they have been made public, and have only to add that tho Counoil will sit from clay to day at tho palaoo of Bishop Goold, that a second cere mony will take placo on Thnrsday, when a requiem high mass will bo celobrated for the repose of tho souls of thoso priests and prelates who havo died since the last Conncil, and that tho synod will cIobo on Sunday next with a ceremonial similar to that of yesterday . Wo now proceed to dcscribo tho ceremonies which wero performed by way of inangnration, and to im plore tho Divino blossing on its deliberations. Adminsion to tho cathedral woe by ticket, the church being divided into tliroo portions for tho reception of persons according to tho prico of tho tickot procured. Tho entire navo con tained tho first seats, the eastern aisle tllQ RGCOIld. ATld thn WAifflVn nialo Ha Tho ccromonioB of tho dny wore announced to commence at ten a.m., but from as early as eight o'clock tho procincts of the church and Ub immediate vicinity was crowded by persons .awaiting the opening of tho doors. About half- post niuo o'clock admission was accorded, and tho crash then experienced was something un pleasant to many. Tho benches immediately in front of tho high altar and in tho vicinity of tho pulpit woro qnickly oc- onpied, and in less than half an hour sitting accommodation was quite out of tho question for those who camo iu, although as ample provision as was practicable had beon made for seating the congregation. Tho mem bers of St. Francis Benoiit Society, wearing tho bluo Biwh of tho order, actod as stewards, and procured seats for ladies when it was pos sible to do bo. A temporary platform rising in tiers had been orccted at tho south end of the cathedral for tho members of the choir, who numborod about sixty vocal and instrumental performers, including & band, tho whole being under tho ablo leadership of Mr G. It. G. Pringle. Soon after ton o'clock the bishops and clergy having vested in tho private chapel ui uiuiuuuruo unucuuu w the opiscopal rcsidonce, a procession moved from tho chapel referred to in tho following ordor Thnrifer with Thurible, cross-bearer supported by an acolyto on oithcr Bide, about twenty youths in Burplices and red cassocks, clergy from the various dioceses, aeven suffragan bishops attired in cope and mitre, and the Archbishop of Sydney, attended by his chaplains, and followed by two youths bearing liis train. Tbo following wero tho prelates in attendance Most Rev. Dr. Folding, Arch- bisbpp of Sydney ; Right Rav.Dr. Shiel, Bishop of Adelaido; Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne ; Right Rev. Dr. Mutthow Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst ; Right Rov. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; Right Rov. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn ; Right Rov. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobarb Town ; Right Rev. Dr. James Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane. The Very R (V. Dr. Lynch, administrator of the dioecse of Armiilale, Now South Wales, was also present. Tho clergy inoluded : Rev. W. Kelly, S.J. ; Rov. Mr Bersante, Sydney ; Rev. Dr. Can!, Brisbane ; Very Rev.Dr.Fitzpatrick, V.G. ; Very Rsv. W. J. Danno. V.G,, Hobart Town; Very Rov. Mr Sheebv, V.G., Sydney; Very Rev. J. Smyth, V.G., Adelaide; Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, Brisbane ; Very Rev. Archdeacon Downing, Geelong; Very Rev. De&n; Slattery, Warrnambool ; Rev. Til PftWOflt 5f .Tftliti'a PaIIbm CwJnan . w ««u a wuiivgt, w) uu-rj , » ci j Rev. Dean Fitzgibbon, Adelaide ; Very Rev. Dean Moore, Balinrat ; Rev. G. V. Barry, Rev. J. F, Corbett, St. Kilda ; Rev. Mr Corletti, Syd ney; Rev. Mr Sbeohy, Hobart Town; Rev. J.P. O'Sullivan, Rev. J. E. Teuison Woodo, laido ; Rev. Mr Darcy, New South Wales ; Rov. Dr. Bleasdnlo, Rev. Dr. Bockhias, Very Rev. Mr Ponpenolli, Sydnoy ; Rev. P. Q'Meara.Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J., Very Rev. J. Daitou, S J., Richmond ; Very Rev. Dr. M'Alray, Rev. S. M. Sarail, Rov. W. Matthews and Rev. J. M'Carthy, Now Sonth Wales. Tho procession having moved through tho grounds attached to tho bishop's residence, entered tho c&thodral; by the principal door, and moved up the centre of tho nave to within tho chancel, where tho bishops and clergy tool: up seats prepared for them. Immediately on tho proces sion entering tho church, the choir burst forth its sacred music with un effect which was exceedingly fine. Each bishop had his own chaplain in attendance on liim within the Banctunry. Grand pontifical high moss of tho Holy Ghost was then commenced, the Archbishop of Sydney oflicia- tiDg as celobrant, tho Rev. G. V. Barry as deacon, and the Rev. J. F. Corbett us Bab- deacon. Tho Very Rev. Dr. Shcoliy, of Sydney, Uvkci. &n; uoniaidiuu prico., Jircuuuucou Aviguey and Dean Mooro us deacons at the throue, and tbo Rev. Messrs Corletti und O'Sullivan as masters of ceremonies. Mass having concluded, tho procession reformed in tho order as before, and passed down the navo of tho church and round the exterior, singing tho hymn u Avo Maris etellu," and tho Psalms, " Exal- tato Deo," " Fandamonta ejus," "Quam dilccta," "Ecco quam bonnm," 11 Exiodi nos Domino," " Exorgat Dens." Having returned to the chancel, and concluded tho -chanting of tho Psalms, tho Arch bishop offered up the following prayer:— " Wo are assembled, Lord, Holy Spirit, we are here present, oppressed indeed by tbo heavy weight of sins, but especially congregated iu Thy name. Come to us, bless na with Thy presence, deign to descend into our beart3 ; ; teach us what wo onght to do, show ns whither wo ought to go, accomplish iu us what wo ought to perform. Bo Thou alone the sag- gosterandthe framer of our judgments, who alone with God the Father and His Son do3t possess a namo of glory ; permit not that we become disturber. of justice, Thou who art the suprome lover of equity ; let not ignorance draw ua astray, nor favor warp, nor acceptance of gift, present or bribe, nor respect of persons, corrupt ; but unito us to Thysolf efficaciously by tho gift of Thy peculiar grace, that we may bo ono in Tboe, and may in no wise deflect from tbo truth ; so tbat, being assombled in Thy name, wo may in all things adhero in such manner to justice, tempered with mercy, that our judgment may not in anything deviate from Tboo here below ; and hereafter wo may obtain otcrnal reward for what wo shall havo well and truly done. R. Amen." After the singiug of some other psalai3 and hymns and tho offering up ef further prayers, the decrees to be ubeorvotl daring the synod . wero ' read. Ail tho bishops then kneeling around tho altar, recited aloud tho profession of faith of Piu9 IV., and each prolate in bis turn solemnly swore to profess that faith till doatb, and as far as in htru lay to preserve it inviolablo amongst thoso over whom ho was placed in pastoral charge. Tho indiction or proclamation of tho second session of the synod was then made by tho Archbi shop's secretary, and aftor Dr. Folding bad im parted tho beuodiction the eccloBioatica left tho church in procession as thev had entered it, and the proceedings closed at about half-past ono o'clock. In the evening, pontifical vespers wero sung, all tho bishops and clergy again assembling. The Very Rev. Dr. Baokhaus, of Sandhurst, pre sided at the organ. At the concln- sion of vespers, the Bishop of Adelaide ascended tho pulpit and preached a well digested and eloquent sermon from St. John, 10th chapter, IGth verse, tu And other sheep I have that are not of this fold ; these also I must gatbor together, and there shall be one fold and one shepherd." The cathedral was as (foll in the evening as iu the forenoon, the passages being completely blocked up yrflh persons unable to obtain , seats. - Beoafiorion concluded the servieea-of the day, and - the opening of the council was completed. 