THE MISER'S GHOST. " A dream.! ' Well sii*, I don't know, I always thouglit'it" was one. Any way 'twas a queer affair, and fortiuiate for me'; and I'm very thankful for my Susie's sake,, for the, money that - this dropped into, for you see', sir, she's delicate, and not fit to rough it a,s a poor man's wife must, however her husband may wish to, | keep her from it." So spoke Sergeant MacAllister, a rising and efficient member of the police force at A a large manufacturing town in the north, of England, black and dirty in the eyes of the world, but dear to me and the rest of the busy hive of worka day folk, to whom it was home, and the daily toil therein, their daily bread. I had a good practice as a lawyer in the place, and amongst other thing3, the charge of an old tumble-down house, called the Rookery, had fallen into my hands. It had belonged to an eccentric miserly man, the last of a long line of Koystons, who, years before the date of my tale, had been murdered in the place, no one knew by whom. He was dis covered horribly butchered in a little room, in the sunk flat of the house, and no trace of any will or personal property could be found, though the dead man was correctly reported to have possessed vast secret hoards ; and, as.the years passed on, the place got the reputation of being haunted. When the care *of it devolved upon me, all sorts of reports were rife about it, and not without reason ; strange noises were heard in it; unaccountable lights flitted about it at odd times ; and no one would live in it. Neither did any one incline to buy it—the heir-at-law cared little about it, and a few "weeks before the events presently to be narrated, sold it gladly enough, to be pulled down by a railway company, who were making: a new line in the neighborhood. The work of demolition had begun in the houses round, but the Rookery had been ai substantial; roomy old place, and the. company; turned it into a' sort of store house, until they should actually require I its site for their operation. None of their own watchmen would iStay in the place more than a night, and "they applied to the police for an officer, who would live there, rent freej coals included, and re ceive a fair pay as well, to take care of their goods. "Sergeant MacAllister volun teered—he was a strong, hearty young fellow: a match for'any ghost, as he him self declared, and this appointment led to one person returning to the Rookery, to whom it had once been a home, though a wretched one. The sergeant had a wife, a delicate looking young woman, who had been a workhouse orphan, and whom he had. rescued from the hard service that is the lot cf such girls. ' This orphan was the daughter of the miser Koyston—at least such was the general belief; who her mother was, or where she was bom, no one knew; her father came to the Rookery with her suddenly, one bleak winter night, when she was an infant of a few'months' old, and took possession of the house, which had been a long time empty. She was confided to the care of an old crone, who was engaged to do such .work in the scanty, household as its miserly master Avould permit. All the information that he vouchsafed was that her name was Susie, and "as Susie Koys ton she was known till the miserable man's death cast her adrift on the world. Thatcher Koyston was found brutally murdered, in the cellar of the Rookery, when Susie was about nine years old, and no evidence appearing to show that she was really his daughter, or had any claim upon him, she was taken to the work house. Susie Koyston had been a very pretty child, with fair curling hair, arid soft pleading blue eyes, and she had grown up a very pretty woman. Accident had discovered the truth about her birth at last; the miser's secret hoard had come to light, and Susie Koyston, the despised workhouse drudge, had suddenly come into possession of something like ten thousand pounds. Retters also were found, showing that her father's acquain tance with her mother, had been at once a bright and a dark era in his life. A few of her notes to him, tied together lovingly with ribbon, the marriage certifi cate, and the record of her child's birth, spoke of happiness, but there were darker records as ay ell. Memoranda Avere there, telling of her faithlessness, and finally of her flight, Avhen the child was but a few months old. Then came his taking pos session of ..the old house, and commencing the lonely and miserable existence which terminated so horribly. The will which was found, set forth that the reason of his neglect of the child (for he treated her more like a dog than a human creature) was, that he hated her on her mother's account, and chose to keep her in igno rance of her prospects, "that she might not grow hypocritical, and fawn upon him for Ms wealth, a3 others had done." There was no room left for doubt; the docu ments had only to be compared with the registry of the far-away Cornish church where the marriage was solemnised. Susie Koyston was well known, and her identity easily proved; and Sergeant MacAllister suddenly found himself, through his pauper wife, a rich man. I found Mm an honest-hearted, sensible young fellow; and I never drew up any deeds with more satisfaction than those in which he disposed, of Thatcher Koys tou's wealth. It was about the Rookery that he had called upon me on this parti cular day. He refused, with generous persistence, tojtake a penny of the pur chase-money from the man who had deemed Mmself its owner, and was very urgent with me that I. should, as he ex pressed it, "put it down in black and white, so that there might be no misun derstanding about it." The discussion of the business started the subject of the strange discovery of the property, and, for the first time, 1 heard the story from i end to end, from Sergeant MacAllister's own lips. "You see, Sir, there wasn't much doing, and I'd heard a deal about the Rookery, and when the gentleman came to the office and said he wanted a man to go and live in charge there, I volunteered more for the fun of the thing, as a body might say, than for anything else. I forgot all about Susie for the minute, and how she would feel about it; but when I told her, she took it all in good part, ,and was ready to go at once. " 'I've no need to be frightened when ypu' are with me, Tom?' says she ; ' and if ny father's ghost does haunt the'Rookery, I don't believe he'll ever harm me. I never did him any wrong when he was alive, that I know of.' . "So we went to the house, Susie, and I, and desolate enough we found it dust, and dirt, and ruin everywhere ; but my wife is a tidy little body, and she soon made a room nice and clean, and got our bits of things straight and tidy. We heard nothing the first night; but the second, the noises that everybody talked about began. Thumpings, and scratchings, and footsteps, that sounded hollow in the dark silence of the night, and now and then screeches and groans, like ^those of one in mortal pain and fright. I could see my poor girl was terrified ; and, as at the end of the first week all her spirits were gone, and she looked pale and ill, I began to be afraid for her, for she was ex pecting her baby soon, and is not strong at the best; and I made up my mind that she must go home. I didn't like to give up the job, for the company were very liberal, and a bit of money is an object to a man; and, besides, my mates would have had the laugh against me all my life about it, if I had turned coward. So I persuaded my wife, sorely against her will, poor girl, to go home, and leave me tp take care of the Rookery and its ghosts by myself. She would only con sent to be away at night; but 1 think she felt it was for the best. The first night I was much troubled ; the knock ing, and the noises, and the groans went on as usual, but they did me no harm. I smoked my pipe, and fell asleep, thinking of my Susie, and when I woke daylight was coming in, gray and clear, through the shutter^ and all was quiet, I was ready for my little girl when she came with my breakfast, with a bright face, and the kettle boiling; and, what was better still, a week's pay, with thanks from the paymaster for having given them no trouble, as the other men had done. "The second night the noises began again. Now, it was a wild, shrill scream —then a footstep—now light—now pass ing so close to me that it seemed as though it must touch me in going by. Then came the knocks and scratching; and this kept 011 all night, till I was almost inclined to doubt my own senses, and to believe that Old Koyston had really returned to the earth, and was trying to frighten intruders off his pre mises. I couldn't smoke my pipe that night—the sounds made me too restless so I got up, and hunted all through the house, from top to bottom, to find some trace of the intruders. I found nothing, however, but a loose shutter to one of. the back windows on the first floor, and a mark in the ground underneath, as if a dog had been scratching. Seeing it J would be useless to continue the search, I fastened the shutter, and resolved, at any rate, that I would not go to bed the next night. I felt a sort of presentiment, somehow, that something would come of that night's watching. 1 I went back into the old house, and bolted and barred the place as usual, but I coldn't bolt and bar out the feeling of dread that possessed me. I turned into the kitchen, that Susie had made so home like while she was there, and lit my pipe ; but, though the hearth was clean, and the fire bright, I couldn't rest. I half un dressed, and threw myself on the bed, but there was no sleep for me. The noises in the house began—but much softer than usual—as if the ghost was tired out, and was fain to take a rest, like ordinary mortals. But if the sounds were 1 not so loud, they were more oppressive. Hushed whispers seemed to breathe around me where I sat, and soft footsteps to creep about the very room. At last, in very desperation, I got up, and took a turn through the house. "By-and-bye, I sat down, with my dog at my feet, in what had been the drawing- room; it was a big barn of a room, with some old rickety furniture in it, and the dust lying thick and white upon everything. It was an odd place, and I was an odd figure. I had white trousers on; and 1 had pulled one of the gray blankets off the bed, and placed it on my shoulders. My dog worked himself up beside me, as close as he could get ; and, indeed, the poor beast seemed ill at ease, for he shivered and whined, as though he" felt some evil approaching. I could hear the footsteps and the whisper ings coming closer and closer, till, at length, the very air around me seemed full of life. The dog moaned, and quivered, and stared, with wide open eyes, as though he could see something which I could not. 1 grew cold and sick myself ; and, as my pipe went opt, the last" whiff of tobacqo seemed to take all my courage with it. I started up, thinking to go down and get a warm, and a fresh candle, for mine was burning down there wasn't about an inch left—and I didn't relish the idea of being left in the dark. I pulled the gray blanket tighter round me, and was just rising to go, when I saw, in the thick dust of the floor, at my side, a footmark, that no foot of mine had made. It seemed to be impressed, before my very eyes, and yet I was alone ; | no living creature broke the stillness around me. I think I can face the hang man, with the knowledge that half-an hour would end my life with a dog's fate, with more courage than I gazed upon that mysterious proof of a presenge I could not see, It was not my footstep ; I had never been on that side of the room at all; and, besides, it was the impression of a broad, square-toed shoe, with a flat heel—as unlike my boots a3 could possibly be. It was clear, and well defined; and, as I looked, I remembered seeing the dead miser's shoes, which had been pro duced, in evidence of something or other, at the inquest, when I was a l^d. They were the exact shape of that footmark; and I shivered, as I thought that perhaps there might be something in ghosts, after all, and that old Koyston's spirit was flitting uneasily about the place where he had lived and died so wretchedly. " Whilst J qtqod "WQndeyiilgj with the candle in my hand, another footmark shaped itself on the floor—and then ano ther—going towards a door in the corner of the room, which led out on to an unused back staircase. I had not been down the staircase that night—indeed, I could not have been—for the door at the bottom was fastened and nailed up. I watched the footsteps with fascinated eyes : I could hear the tread of wb^teve? produced them as they gradually grew out of the thick dust.; but I could see nothing. The dog on the couch cried out1 in the extremity of horror, with a cry that was like a human scream, in its pain, and glared at something invisible to me. I tried to make him get down, but as he only thrust his head into my hand, as if imploring protection, I took him rip in my arms. " All this takes long telling, and seemed long happening; but I don't suppose it was above a minute.. When the foot steps reached the door, something prompted me to follow them,- and fear gave place to ah impulse stronger still, which I could not resist. Still carrying the dog, I Went towards the door, keep ing round by the Wall ; for to have saved my life, I could not have trodden in the horrible track of that unseen walker. When I reached the door, it opened, and I passed through, the ghostly, tread pre ceding me, and showing sharp and clear on every step. At the bottom' was the other door, which I had seen fast before I sat down ; it was open now, and we passed through (I say we, for I was as suredly not alone), into the passage be yond. Nothing there but the white dust, and the hanging cobwebs, and the awful sounds of the Presence which went be fore me. Then down another staircase, till we came to the door of the cellar where the miser had been murdered. This cellar had an old worm-eaten boarded floor, and a lot of queer odds and ends were heaped together there. None of the Company's goods were there; they had not taken the trouble to carry them either up or down stairs, so they remained in the spacious rooms on the ground floor, and out in the walled-up garden. No one had cared to do any thing with the forlorn room, and, ex cited as I was, I felt a strange new thrill, as the footsteps I was following stopped at the door of it. It opened as the others had done, and I entered to gaze for a moment on what I had heard so much about—the miser's ghost! There it was ; full in the light of my expiring candle—a weird, ghastly, hideous figure ! I could see the bloody streaks on the face, and the blood streaming from its gashed throat. It stood right opposite me, glaring at me with its awful eyes, and, in my terror, I uttered a loud and piercing cry. It wasn't a brave thing to do, maybe, but a better man than me could not have stood that sight unmoved. The spell seemed to go off the dog at .the same moment, and, springing from my arms, he flew at the phantom, barking furiously. Before I knew where I was, I wa3 struckviolently from behind, and fell with a heavy crash to the ground. I was stupid for a mo ment, but the next I knew it was all real, and that the hand which held me by the neck was solid flesh and blood. Then the queer trance that had held me went off, and I hit out with a will. He was a smaller fellow than I, and I managed him at last, but not. until daylight Was stream-! ing in through the chinks in the crazy i old. snutters. - • "You know the rest, sir,—how 1 managed to give the alarm ; and when my mates came, some of the old hands knew him for Black Barry, the most notorious thief and gaolbird in the whole place, years ago. Black Barry had been transported for many years, but had at last returned to the scene of his old haunts. You know, too, sir, how in his rage at being discovered, he let fall in his cursing, what proved him to be Old Koy ston's murderer. He had killed the old man for the sake of the money he felt sure was hidden in that room, though lie had never been able to find it. The ghostly noises had been all his work, to keep people from the house, and, it must be confessed, that he succeeded pretty well.' He was right about the money ; it was there, and in striking me to the ground, he had broken: open a board which had a secret spring, and so be trayed the miser's hiding-place. "When it flew up, it disclosed a hole about a foot square, in which we found all the papers you took charge of, and the money. Black Barry had a sight of it as he lay there tied, before they carried him away, and they tell me that the very last words he spoke on the gallows, were a curse upon me for spoiling the game he fancied he had so nearly finished. But I don't think his curse will hurt me much, for I oan't help thinking that the hand of Heaven was in that night's work. "One or two people that have heard about it, firmly believe that it was Old Koyston's spirit that led me to the place, and that I was awake all the time ; but I don't. I think that I dropped asleep in that old room, and then walked, guided by some strange instinct of a dream, straight to the place. I'm very glad I'm alive to tell the tale, for Black Barry was a tough fellow to deal -with, and he hit hard. " And that's the whole story, sir, from beginning to end; and whether 'twas ghost or dream, it has been a lucky thing for me ; it has given my poor girl her rights, and I hope I shall be able to do well with the money for her, and for the child that's coming to us so soon. If it's a boy, Susie wants to call it Koyston; for, with all his faults, he was her father, and she loved him. I can't say I caro ' much for perpetuating the name—it don't seem a pleasant one somehow ; but the baby may be a girl, and, if so, she shall be Susie, and nothing else, though there'll never be another Susie in the world for me, like my darling little wife —she's all too good to be Old Koyston's daughter, that she is." Such was Sergeant'MaGAllister's story; and whether he, or the believers in ghosts was right, it was a remarkable affair. The Rookery exists no longer now—the now line runs right through its side, and nothing remains save the memory of those connected with it, to show the place where a fortune was so singularly disco vered by means of Koyston's footstep.-^ The London. _ It lias been suggested that, inasmuch as pub licans have taken to selling tea, milk might also be obtained from the public cowses ! A lady of distinction gave a fancy ball in Paris not long since, and, in order to be distin guished, placed a servant at the door to an nounce the costumes as they entered. A couple of ladies appeared in full ball-room dress. " What costume shall I announce 1" asked the servant. "We are not in costume," they re plied. " Two ladies without, poatume," shouted the servant, tq tfte ftoyror of everybody* -court Jouwah 