ST. AUGUSTINE'S CHURCH, UNLET. ' = s • • ■ - " The corrier-storie,of ,Sfc.' Augustine's Church, Unley, was laid on 'Saturday afternoon, August 14th, by Lady-Edith Fergusson. A good central position has been chosen, and the foundations have been putin,"and the masonry-work carried several feet above the ground. It will be a, very neat edifice, in the early English Gothic style, consisting of nave, chaiicel; and transept, hilt it is only intended at present to complete the nave, which it is calculated will afford ac commodation for about 140 persons. The build ing is to be of Glen Osmond stone, with Port land cement and freestone dressings, and the roof of iron. The entrance will b-) from the south side, and the end facing the Uuley-road will have a handsome bell-tower 54 feet high, sup ported by buttresses, having Gothic windows in the sides. The interior will be 44 feet by 20 feet, and 30 feet from floor to ceiling, which "Will be bo.irded. The structure is estimated tb cost from £750 to £o00, and is being carried out under the able superintendence of the Hon.. Thos. English. At the time appointed for the commencement of the; ceremony, notwithstanding the. very showery weather, there was a large attendance; and what with the abundance of bunting float ing in the breeze, the evergreen decorations, and the varied colored dresses of the ladies, the scene was very pleasing. The _ clergymen pre sent, in addition'to His Lordship Bishop Short, Archdeacon Marryat, and Canon Farr, were the Revs. D. J. H. 'Ibbetson, J. Pollitt, T. Field, H. Howitt', JH. M. Pollitt, H. Read, W. H. Mudie, Horner, and Scott. Shortly after 3 o'clock His' Excellency Sir James Fer igusson arrived, accompanied by Lady Edith, two of their children, and Mr. Morris, aide-de- camp. The proceedings were commenced by a ;hymn, the'singing being led by a choir, Mr.1' "Watson presiding at the harmonium; after which a por tion of. the Church of England service was read by'His'Lordship and prayer offered. The' Rev. Sir. Mudie then read from the 10th verse to the end of the 28 th chapter of Genesis; and a . psalm having been sung by the choir, . ' Mr. N. Oldham stepped forward and said— The following is a transcript of the document engrossed upon parchment, and hermetically sealed in the bottle to be deposited in the cavity of the stone :•—" In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, the corner-stone of the Church of St. Augustine, Unley, South Australia, was laid in the year cif our Lord 1869, on the 14th of August, by Lady Edith Fergusson, in the 32nd year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen .Victoria, and the first of the' Governorship of His Excellency the Right Honorable Sir James Fergusson, Bart., and the 23rd year of the episcopate of Augustus Short, the first Lord Bishop of Adelaide. It is proposed to erect the building in the early English; Gothic style, at a.-cost of about £800, according to the design of R. G. Thomas, Esq., F.R.I.B.A., the architect being the Hon. Thomas English, M.L.C., the contractor David Deans, of Mitcham. The trustees are Messrs. Nathaniel Oldham, O. K. Richardson, N. Blyth, B. F. Frankis, and G. Styles. The Building Committee consists of the Revs; Henry Read,' M.A., and W. H. Mudie. Messrs. G. Styles, R. G. Thomas, C. H. Gooch, A. Stewart, Edwin Martin, H..Pope, J. K. Hawthorn, R. H. Edmunds, H. A. "Wood, and Charle3 Day (Hon. Secretary)." .Itmay be well to state that the idea pf erecting a church at Unley was originally entertained in October, 1862, when some steps; .were - taken, such as fencing the-land and preparing the plans. For lack of support, owing to many opposing causes, this movement fell through, and operations were for a time suspended.- - Towards the close of last year the subject was once more brought forwards The Hon. Thomas English was ap pointed architect; and a design, prepared by Mr. Thomas,. was finally agreed ,upen. It is intended for the present to build the nave only, at a cost of about* £430. Of this sum £220 are now in hand, and feur gentlemen of the Com mittee have advanced as a loan the sum of £200. This loan it is proposed to repay by the weekly offertories, and the_ pew-rents of the church, when opened for Divine Service, which, it is contemplated, will be in January next. Meanwhile, for a period of not less than two years, the Rev. H. Read, MA., incumbent of Mitcham, and the Rev. W. H. Mudie; of Glen Osmond, have, with the sanction of the Lord Bishop, jointly undertaken to perform service in the church, at least once each_ Sunday, without stipend, in order that the income of the church may be entirely devoted to the re payment of the debt incurred." The Hon. Thos. English, addressing Lady Edith; saidMay it please.your Ladyship^-" I have been requested by the ladies of Unley to present you with this trowel to lay the stone?of this church,; and to ask.-your acceptance of this same as a token of their love and esteem, and that you will retain it as a memento of this in teresting occasion." Lady Edith took the trowel, and having placed the bottle in the cavity,, of the. stone, spread, the mortar,. and handled thelmallet and level, Mr. English-said —''Her Ladyship wishes me to state.that she 'declares this stone well and duly laid."_ The trowel, which was a very beautiful piece of workmanship from the establishment of Mr. H. Steirier;- was made of silver, with an ivory handle, ornamented-with vine_leaves in frosted silver. The following inscription was engraved upon it"Presented by the ladies of the dis 'trictto Lady Edith Fergusson on the ocaasion qf her laying the; corner stone :of. St.: Augustine's Church, Unley, August 14, 1869." . After another hymn-had been sung a collection wajs made, realising over £21. The Bishop .then pronounced the benediction, and subsequently briefly addressed the assemblage. He expressed his thanks to Sir Jame3 and Lady Edith for their attendance, and spoke of His Excellency as being ever ready to do what he could to "pro mote "fie welfare of the colony, and the in terests of their Church in particular. " Hje trusted that the top stone of St. Augustine's Church, would ere long be brought forth with rejoicings. Cheers having been given for:His Excellency and Lady Edith, the proceedmgs-p the "pleasure of which: had been. • considerably * - - * ■» ff • J. * A-JJ marred by several showers of rain—terminated with the singing of -the National Anthem. 