COUNTRY NEWS. "Another and very marked improvement in the getting up of the wool," says the Pastoral Times, "is to be commenced next season on a large scale at Messrs. Wilson's station on the Yanko. In addition to the hot water washing and spouting process, the sheep are all to be combed and brushed by machinery--in fact, shampooed. Thiscomb- ing and brushing process is to follow im- mediately after the spouting, while the wool on the sheep is wet and soft, the only time when the combing and brushing can be per- formed. It is now found that, owing to the provalence of burr in wool of the best kind, the latter is depreciated from 1d. to 6d. per lb. To get rid of the burr the shampooing is to be tried by steam next season. It was tried by hand labour during the past shear- ing, and it was found to answer admirably. The sheep is thrown on its back, and turned as required, in order to undergo the combing process, which effectually takes away nearly all the burr." "There has beon another fatal accident," writes the Ballarat Star," at the claim of the Great Northern Junction Company, appa- rently resulting from gross carelessness on the part of the company. The victim this time is a man named William Robson, who, on the 18th inst., was acting as platman. He was on duty, and while stepping across the well, was knocked down by a piece of sheet-iron, which fell down the shaft. The iron shuck him on the side of the head, and knocked him down the well. A man named Chapman, who was coming down the shaft at the moment, jumped down the well, and lifted Robson out in a senseless condition. He was immediately taken to the surface, and carried to the company's office on the claim, where he was attended to by Dr. Holt- house, who arrived about an hour after the accident. The doctor considered the case a hopeless one, as the unfortunate man had sustained fracture of the skull and extensive laceration of the brain. Death took place on the morning of the 19th inst." The circumstances connected with the death of a boy, aged nine years, who fell a victim to the brutality and neglect of his own mother, formed the subject of investiga- tion by a coroner's jury, at Camperdown, on Wednesday last. A witness named Sarah Wilson deposed as follows:--"On arriving at the house I found deceased lying dead at the foot of the bed ; the body was cold except in the region of the heart. Mrs. Vernon (the mother), who was then intoxicated, might have pressed it with her foot, judging from the position of tho body. Had frequently done sewing for Mrs. Vernon, and had often heard tho children complain of tho ill treat- ment of the mother. Mrs. Vernon was not fit to take care of her children ; she had been in bed drunk for days together, but, when sober, she was invariably kind to them ; never saw her lift a hand to one of them. I once told her that it was not right to make that weak child (meaning deceased) chop wood, as it was too hard work for him." The jury gave the following verdict :--" That the deceased died from inflammation of the lungs of a low type, accelerated by the ne- glect of the mother, and not otherwise." The Western Press adds that the poor child will be followed at no distant date by his younger brother, who appears more like a walking ghost than a living child. "It is seldom indeed in Australia, even amidst the rigours of an alpine winter, that cases of frost-bite occur, and yet," says the Wagga Wagga Express, "in the valley of the semi-tropical Murrumbidgee, after winter had passed, and the first genial days of spring had opened, an unfortunate African, perhaps con- stitutionally susceptible to the influences of cold, while camping out in the bush was so severely frost-bitten in both of his feet, that a portion of one came away altogether, and in a very short time a similar fate must have overtaken the other, had not a lingering but merciful death at last put an end to the poor fellow's sufferings. The particulars of the case appear to be these. The deceased, a negro named James Williams, from Berbice, had for some weeks in the early spring been employed upon the river as a shepherd. In the beginning of September he was doing no work, and wandering in the bush on the station of Mr. Lintott, at Cunin- droo, he one night camped out with wet feet on the bank of the river, and a sharp frost coming on, his boots became covered with a thick hoar frost, and the extremities of his toes within them were most severely frost- bitten. Though rational and coherent in his replies when addressed, he was from his ec- centric habits of life, generally looked upon as half cranky, and but little notice was taken of him, but when the miserable fate that had befallen him became known, he was, at once conveyed to the hospital. When admitted into that institution on the 11th September, the toes of both feet wore perfectly callous and dead, but the patient was so weak and his pulse so low, that any operation with a view to their removal would inevitably have been attend with immediately fatal consequences. He was supplied with nourishment, but could be induced to eat but little, and was mainly kept alive by the use of stimulants, but gradually got weaker and weaker, and his case it became evident was a hopeless one. On Friday last, half of the foot came away altogether, the final severance, however, being unattended with bleeding. The other foot would, in a day or two, have shared the same fate, but the patient in the last two days sank rapidly, and on Saturday night expired." 