TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR. COUNTRY SHAREHOLDERS.-Ploughmen. Nose—The snubbing post of the body. The cheapest sort of sense is reticence. The debtor's disease—Tick dollar owe. A roaring trade—Keeping a menagerie. A "ground swell"—A "lord of acres." Marine Instrument—The cradle of the deep. The final state of the poll—Baldness. Why does a sailor know there is a. man in tfae moon?— Because he has been to sea. Whatia worse than raining cats and docs?— Hailing cabs and omnibuses. "I am going to draw this beau into a knot," as the lady said at the hymeneal altar. If you are not the head or tail of a donkey, what are you?—No end of a donkey. What bishop wean the largest hat?— The one with the largest head. _ When is an alderman like a ghost?— When he is a goblin. Why ?houU a favorite hen be called Macdnff? —Because we wish her to "lay on." When was Both F?y rade to Boaz?—When she pulled bis ears and trod on his coru. Which has most legs, a horse or no home?— Mo horse, because no horse has fi va. The vessel that no woman objects to embark in.—A court-ship. What part did the Sphinx take in ancient warfare ?—lt riddled the enemy. When is a blow from a lady w?lcome? When she strikes yon agreeably. When lovers quarrel the only presents made on either side not returned are the kisses. Jonas says opera music don't have any more effect on him thac Ayers's Pills on a graven, image. A common cork, quite dean, rubbed well on the place, the right way of the wood, will re move """*? from furniture. Mrs. Teazle—" I'm sure I married you for the purest of motives." Mr. Peter Teazle—"For the purest of metals, ma'am, you mean." Mr. Horsman has declined to have a " jiolL* For the future he is to be known as the " Head less Hors man." An irishman says he can see no earthly reason why women should not be allowed fe? become medical men. When a man loses his building lot, is ha blind? Don't know; but he has certainly been deprived of his site. New LITERARY Wobk.—"The Long and the Short of It: a Treatise on Diess.? By the land Chamberlain. Mr. B. Osborne asked the Premier to dinner a few evenings ago, and had a huge dish of " Irish stew " placed before him! The result of going en*, tor a "lade" generally is, that the last part of the lark you see is the beak. Why is the moon a very wicked planet ? Be cause she is continually borrowing from the sun, and never thinks of paying bade again, but makes light of it, A small child being asked by her Sunday school teacher, "What did the Israelites do after they crossed the Bed Sea?" answered, "I don't know, ma'am, but I guess they dried themselves." A newspaper paragraph advertises a " ceTe brated kid glove " by the name of " Josephine." This is very nnhistorical. Poor Josephine owed her divorce from the benefactor of his auecies to the misfortune of being HdW Why are two ladies kissing each other acting according to one of the golden rules of Christianity? Because they are doing unto each other as they would all men should do utothem. " A Pekht Saved is a Pesbt Gained "" — Scotch Excursionist—" Ye dinna charge a bawbee at a' die brigs in toon—di ye V Toll keeper—"Oh, no—Blackfriars and London Bridge are free." Scotch Excursionist (re pocketing coin)—" E—eh then, wud re be kind eneuch just to direct me to Lunnon Bridge?" A Dangebods Case.—A surgeon being Bent to a gentleman who bad just received a s'ijht wound in a duel, gave orders to his servant to go home with all possible speed and fetch a cer tain plaster. The patient, turning a little pale, said, " Sir, I bope there is no danger." " Yes, indeed is there," answered the surgeon ; 'for if th? fellow dont make haste, the wound wS heal before he returns." It is told of ?ie Hon. Henry Erskine that being invited to dine with the Incorporation of Tailors in Edinburgh, and his health being given from the chair witti many recognitions ?C the value of the services which, as a lawyer, h? had rendered to Cue corporation, he ven'uryd on a joke, to which, though not very courteous, be could not resist giving utterance. Otsetvin? that the number of members present was exactly eighteen, be ended hu reply—" And now, gentlemen, a?ow me to conclude by pro posing both your healths." Th? Shobt-Sighted Bargaih.—A nervons man, whose life was made miserable by the clattering, of two blacksmiths, prevailed upon each of them to remove by the offer of a liberal pecuniary compensation. When the money w*s paid down he kindly enquired what neighbor hood they intendel to remove to. "Why sir" replied Jack, with a grin on his phiz, "Tom Smith moves to my shop, and I move to his!" Thb Gibx of the Period again.—The following extraordinary advertisement appears in a Glasgow paper:—"A young gentleman, of independent means, and by the beau sex con sidered handsome, wishing to forsake badidor sftip, would be glad to meet a yonn?- lady simOarip ditpoted and equally endowed. Ad dress, with carte, fee." Can it be possible! TJ>e girl of the period has been accused of apuu? manly tastes; but surely if she is '-dispcMed to forsake bachelorship." the girl of the pl-iisd must after all be a man. Skakspsake Dowh South.—The laicCbas. Matbews used to describe a scene witnessed by himself in an American theatre down- South. It was a mixed company of performers. Hack and white—a set of stage-dominoes in fact. Ti.u play was "Hamlet," and the Pruce of Den mark was performed by a curly-pated Sarnho. All went fairly w?U until the actor came to the soliloquy—"To be, or not to beT* and U?en n demon of perversity or weariness entering th? spectators, they demanded with irrarislDrie clamor that the soliloquy should be dropped, and " 'Possum np a gnmtree" sung in its steal then and there. The blunders made by Frenchmen when thej mcddle with English names are as amusing as they are strange ; end even ia quoting Rn^i?h phrases fliey have an unaccountable propensity to fall into equivoque and the oddest miscon struction. For instance, Chateaubriand, the most poliahad and elegant writer in France, thus quotes a verse of a well-known EnglUh. song, "'Peaceful slumbering on the ocean:—" If the wind tempestuous blowing, Still no danger they descry, The guiltless heart its boon bestowing, Soothes them with ita&tffy; 609, lolly bog," kc. A gentleman, having got outof all patience with one of his servants, an Irishman, called turn in, and, after giving Jam a sound scolding, wound vf with the stereotyped phrase "We must part.'' The servant stood scratching bis head for a moment, and then sud, wittTTlook of much concern, "Sorry am I that we must part, yer booor; but if we must, may I make so bold as to ask where your honor's gcjng?" Natthb.—"What axe they ga'en 4a dae wT Sir Bobert the 000, for a' his gnu' doin's in Abyssinia?' 1 "Xroti, John, I canna jist ?y; atbbns they'll maY him a peer." "A i>eer! Hout, mun, they canna dae that" "An* what for no? Sure the Queen can mak'ony ane a lord. 'Ah, wed a wot she can; but if she war U mak" him a' the lords that ever was, slfll had be tuupeerf" . The following is a verbatim report of an obituary speech" made not long ago in the Texas lipgistature. Tie orator, in laments the deatii of Colonel Yell, a colleague, pro- ceeds:-~Mr. Speaker, it becomes my duty to announce that Andrew Jackson Yell, member of this body, is no more. He has fell a victim to the grim and destroying tyrant, Death, who yesterday pat an end to his mortal career; and fae new lies lifeless at the pleasant boardiag houseofMrs. Jones, on the bin, where ha and many other members of this yen House have long received ?rerj xare and attention from that inestimable lady. His room being now vacant and available for some other boarder ", F lere ** P* B?^ eulogist was inter runted bya member, who rose to " a p^ot of order.'' He wished to know if it was in order far L"any member of this yere Bouse, in bis speech unto the memory of a departed member, to ring in aboardin'-house ken, by his aunt, and furmsnedby faimseUr ThTspeakerdeciding ibat the point was not well taken, the eulogist continued— "Ah! this is too soUum a occasion, Mr- Speaker, for me to notice any such imper dence and side remarks as that air. I thought some infamous hyena would be out here to-day, howbn'round the srave of our departed friend, foamin' at the mouth, gnashin' his toothless laws, and droolin' omt bis ineffectual andim pertant rage. With bis hide all kivered over withwetta, all sore and digustin' from the lash and hot poker of terrewth, he rolls over and over, and bites and teats and soils himself, tin he is jtnrtiy offensive to tins House. Bat to resoom by melancholy eubjeck. The ?iH, Mr. Speaker, intrenetod in the ealarioui armor ot patriotism^ wMi his hand on this yen record ?f hisV??^ WtbeAmerikmeagktanMtdlT in flic eye. aitd defy <£am lightnm' in any shape, or from any quarter it might come; but at last, when prostrated and emaciated, he died ou his prostrated-bed at the pleasant boardin' houkeof Hn. Jones, on the hOL"—A?d ao on. Itjs^tet jqst *• say that ?ach harangue, an no* fairwpje. ?f Wester* legislative ?>Jo quenee; but ttiey do occur, and this in ispeated 1 without VxagcoMip*. 