CHILDREN'S REVIVALS. It was, if we remember rightly, through the channel of the Daily rews, that the most copions of the streams of correspondence poured when, several years ago, Lord Palmerston startled the orthodoxy of the English pulpit and the experience of the English nursery by an off-hand assertion, at a Hampshire agricultural gathering, "that all children were born good." A recent correspondence in the columns of the same newspaper has attracted a considerable amount of public attention to a widely differing doc trine in relation to children, compared with which the formal heresy of the genial old statesman is " mellow music," cheering and harmonious and trne. The very name of a "children's revival," the details of which have shocked tile correspondents of the Daily Netws, will suoiciently indicate our meaning. A "revival" under any circumstances, as the common use of the term rune now, suceests ideas of sensa tionalism in religion of which the possible ultimate benefit, in a few scattered instances, is far more than counterhalanced by the physical and mental disor ganisation and mischief which is certain in the ma jority of eases to result from it. aBut crown-up people, whom revivals hlitherto have chiefly sought out and affected, must in the main be left to take care of themsclves. They cnnot be put in leading-strings; and if they choose not to be guided by advice, nor to go the way of sensible men and women, they musttake their chance ofeoming te griefin their own fashion. The caseofchildren is essentiallydifferent. Achild of tender years, as English law proclaims in sufieintly stern language and practice, is incapable of "consent;" and a "children's revival" meeting, such as that of which we now write, involves a charge of the gravest possible nature against the grown-up persons who have oromoted it. A mischievous and thoughtless schoolboy who chooses to frighten a little child out of its senses by some stupid contrivance of a ghost or hobgoblin, may be dismissed with a hearty thrashing, leid on with a wsll; bat a nursemaid so working on a child's fears would have small chance of ever obtain ing another situation; and that a teacher--or, still more obviously, a parent-could be guilty of such an act towards a child is a simple impossibility. So, we should have supposed, would it have been an impos sibility that any person, under the guise of a religious service, could have thought of brnging the alarms and terrors of a "revival"to bear upon the tender minds and quick spiritual sensitiveness of very little children; but it appears that not many days since, in an important Dissenting chapel in London, this cruel and frightful machinery was actually put in motion, and kept working on, amidst the frantic cries and tears of its miserable little victims. Happily, among the congregation, or asdience, or spec taters, or whatever may be the proper term to describe the grown-up persons who were present at this dreadful coitus, there was found a man of tender heart and large experience of children-himself a Dissenter and Sunday-school teachber- who addressed a protest of righteous indignation against what he had witnessed to the editor of a leading London news paper. "The service," he states, which was held in Mvr. Spurgeon's Tabernacle, though not under the direction of Mr. Spurgeon himself, "was in its open ing an ordinary children's service," simple and natural, "of an attractive kind, and worthy of imitation." But after this was ended, the speoial "revival" part of the service commenced. The wholesome meal was over; and the spiritual alcohol,' the mischievous and intoxicating stimulant, succeeded. First, the chil dren were urged by special appeals to "hold up their hands ;" and then, "Would you like the ministers, students, and teachers on the platform to talk and pray with youP" Hands were baheld up again, of course ; what else could the children do P It was late in the evening, when children, if they are not in bed as they ought to be are always ner vously excitable. "Look," cried the preacher in impassioned tones, "at the thousand (P) hands held up ! Priends in the gallery, don't sit there, but come down amongst these children, who are asking you to pray for them i" Immediately a number of young men and young women responded to the invitation s the children in the body of the chapel were broken up into groups; and "what followed," writes Mr, Palmer, " I shall never forget." "I can aearcely trust myself to speak of those who indicted upnon unoffending children such persistent cruelty." Their feelings were worked on till they broke down in uncontrollable tears; and then, "sobbing and excited, they were taken to the inquisitor-in.ohief"-one Rev. P. Hammond, an American minister-" to be dealt with in an adjoining room, which was filled, he said, with young women." Another writer in the same paper speaks of this treatment of the children as an appliration of "spiritual tortures," and adds that "had they been the most abandoned men and women who could be gathered at a prayer-meeting in the den of the 'Wickedest Man' in New York, they could hardly have had sprung ulon them an engine of more crushing weight than that by which Mr. Hammond and his friends undertook to ' bring them to Jesus,'" It is in this association of the "Name which is abore every name" with this scene of heartless and cruel fanaticism, as though iqvesting it with the high est and holiast sanctions, that the most mournful side of the picture is presented to us. Never, surely, was a bitterer contrast exhibited in any act of Christian worship between the spurious and the true, than the spectacle of this "children's revival" set over against that unfading picture of Divine tenderness and wisdom "written by Saint Mark, in the tenth chapter, at the thirteenth verse." The zealots of the Tabernmsele mar, if they ann, reoenrile the spiritual tortures which they have inflicted on the little ones brought under their infinuence with the words of Him who said "Sufferthe little children to come unto me, for of sah is the kingdom of Heaven." We do not envy them the task of attempting it. Mr. Bpurceon him self, we are glad to find, from an apology published in his monthly magazine, is not disposed to undertake the responsibility. He "simply, at the request of honoured and respected brethren, lent the place" to Mr. Hammond, who is "a prince of preachers to children." As to the "exaet propriety of the modes of procedure" adopted by this "prince of preachers," Mr. Spurgeon owns that he had "felt some personal question ;" but even Mr. Spurgeon does many strange things, and makes"' many slips" in "places which are lent to him;" and if the same sort of thing hap. pane in places which he lends, "how can he help it P Who is to blame him P" The "prince of preachers," we cnnonlude, will beg another time for the "loan" of the Tabernacle in vain. A. faint denial that the children "were frightened or terrified" is about all the support which Mr. Hammond gets at the hands of his celebrated English brother. Lord Palmerston's dictum was, no doubt, as we have described it, formally heretical. The opposite proposition, which we presume would be maintained by the promoters of "children's revivals:'," that "all children are born bad," may be open to the more serious objection that it is materially false. Some one, whom we are happily unable at this moment more precisely to name, is reported to have defined man in his "natural" state as a compound of a beast and a devil, in forgetfulness, or more probably in correction, of an older statement that men are "made after the similitude of God." It is doubtful whether even this savage misanthropical theologian would have ven tured to apply his definition to a little child. Theo retically, perhaps, he might hove been constrained to admit the application if it had been pressed upon him; but, practically, he would probably have fallen back upon the admission of a more distingnished and widely-known writer, that "it was not to be concluded that the crying of an infant was necessarily deserving of the Divine displeasure." It has been reserved for the frequenters of the Metropolitan Tabernacle to announce their practical adhesion to a more oon sistent and thoroughgoing cruelty of creed. They " take a child and sethim in the midst of them," as was done on an ever-memorable occasion in the past; but, departing from, and, as they doubtless consider, improving upon, the spirit of that example, so far are they from holding up the guileless simplicity and loving teachableness ofchildhood for the imitation and reverence of men in the hardened, narrow selfishness of older life, that they set up instead, over against the child, and full in his frightened sight, a horrible Moloch constructed out of their own imaginations, in whose power they would try to persuade the little one that he is, and has been, helplessly lying. The tender mercies of the old Caneanitish religions were hardly so cruel as this. Rabbi Kimeli writes that when the priests had " taken a babo and put it into the hands of Moloch, they used to make a noise with drums, that the father- might not hear the cry of his child, and bare pity on him and return to him ;" but in our modern children's sacrifice it would appear that the "cry of the child" was the most attractive part of the ceremonial, and the signal; therefore, for the victim's being carried into thile inner sanctuary, where the chief hierophant awaited his arrival "in a room filled," as he said, "with young womeo."-Solatrdy Reviere. 