MEMBERS OUT OF PARLIAMENT. CAN'T say if this is anything like the first rehearsal of a bad pantomime, as I have never been present at one; but it's a queer place, a queer climate, and inhabited by the strangest assortment of queer people possible. Now, how the dicke2is did I come here ? Oh, I fell in with some queer spirits, by-the-bye, and promised to see them home. But before I had got any further in my ruminations on the strangeness of all around me, my attention became entirely absorbed in listening to the conversation of three shadowy forms close by; for here, in the pure Bourke-street dialect, the growing notoriety of GLASS, ETTERSHANK, BUTTEES AND CO. was being discussed by a trio whose features were not altogether strange to me; whilst some three paces off a grim-visaged veteran in naval uniform, who seemed to know something about the matter, stands listening in an attitude of disapproval. For the moment I am dumbfounded; but curiosity overcomes all other considerations, and with that deference which spirits always command (especially if you take too much of them) I approach the group, and explain that, " having only lately arrived, and being much interested in the question under debate, I shall feel highly gratified in learning their views of the proceedings of the Inquisitive Committee, and (with a half nod of recognition) becoming a little enlightened as to facts." Out speaks at once the tallest of the three—" If you're not sent here by G. P. S. to play the spy, and don't mean mischief " My negative was most emphatic. " Why, then, as my friend here, whose soaring patronymic has been too much used up above of late, is anxious to explain, perhaps he'll do it now; you'll learn a thing or two from that." My ghostly acquaintance thus alluded to nodded an assent. The old man in the naval dress shook his head and vanished. Then did my three friends, each for himself,-wipe the dust from a rough stone with a feather duster, carried under the arm, wing fashion. I took a stone with the dust on, and we all squatted. " Now," said he of the highflown name, " our being away is no doubt most agreeable for our old mates you wot of; but giving us all the blame because we are absent, only shows what sneaks they are. I wish I'd never known them, for the very memory of their acquaintance makes one's respectability doubtful here. I won't be hard upon them, though, for really it is most painful to see bow they've suffered since I saw them. Such failing must be worse than quick extinction. Poor B RS, Q—-N, and E K 1 I knew them hearty and robust, and now to think their mental powers all gone, memory failed, and no wits left Dropped into their dotage all at once! Ah me! it's sad. They should have led the van of battle against the vile inquiring crew—not be spoiling all by snivelling half truths against each other. " Oh, dear, yes, I can remember it all. It was an awful bore that tipping business, when it got abroad that a little ' needful' could be had on application. You see they were all so eager for it. Of course some wanted more than others, so to make the money go as far as possible, I took the lowest tenderers; they also were the best. To prove my statement, see. We only had one extra-priced one in the lot, and he is the mainspring of this row. It's these conceited puffed-up fellows who always spoil the fun. My friend here on the left, that little chap E N, and L , and M , and others of their sort, are not likely to become notable, and set people prying into their antecedents, and the sources of their incomes. They also work better, for they love to do all things quietly. I thought the other day those muddling committee-men, who have been so long wandering on the verge of facts, were going to make a find : I mean when L Y led them on so near the scent. A little natural timidity however held back the pack, and some of them outside had great cause for thankfulness it was so. Oh, I couldn't name the lot we helped with cash to take a proper view of that bill, the list is so long. Just pick out for yourself the few that bear the genuine mark, to whom you wouldn't dare offer a bribe, and as to the rest—why a good deal depends on the figure. You don't' gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles,' or perhaps a happy old age might have rewarded my good works." Here the speaker sighed heavily, put his head beneath his wing, and fell asleep. His right-hand neighbour, too, I saw, had roosted. The old ghost who first addressed me had alone kept awake to say good-bye, and as I made a move to leave he threw his beak up in the air and crowed loudly and the old rooster was still at it in the back yard after I was wide awake. As, some hours afterwards, I sat in a railway smoking -carriage, puffing defiance at a prohibitory notice opposite, I thought it just possible that, notwithstanding dead men don't come back to contradict, however much you put upon them, it might yet come about that watchful suspicion on the one hand, and conscious guilt on the other,is just one too many for the coolest assurance in the long run ; and some gentlemen who now are nameless will have a reputation all their own as bright as JONES I 