: ' " ALEXANKER.V. ioNES.- " j'". !.:-.(h»om our melbourne correspondent.) >./ / \- :TTTTTT : Third Day. ... Saturday, March! 5. ,!! s.'i !Thia - trial '/ was :- 1 r eaiimed ' this ' morniBg' and exqihihatipn , /deposed, to. iidviDg met . Aexander at tlie<"Wbito Hart Hotel, and having w conversd- tioh'With him about getung up Opposition -meet- ings; ;&c;' Alexander vety often tendered -hini . ' ,'adyj'"t|U;'2tt j:.l<tst',li declined to see hiih. /Tile pldihtifl: /'endeavoured' to get him. to givo iip /the X>'arlhig,grant.! Recollected a conyersation. witli Mr- Randell on 5th February, 1867 ; they: both "condemned the: tariff, '-"Randell said: lie: would . /prefer' a protectionist tariff to this mohgrel one! Ndver. said, to Randell ' that he could secure /a good working majority to the frea trado party 'for A'8000. ' I.:-- >7 A" Juror asked . whether they could see Mr "joncs's bdnldDgaccount, and his Honour ordered ril'to"be sent 'for aind produced. . ' t>.i:;Witn.ess.f -resumed— Alexander had /called upon rhim in. Feb.,: 1867, on- the part of tho tree trade fparty, :and '-'invited him to take tlio- geheral management; 'of tlio -election, and promised that plenty, of fuhds /shquld bo supplied. He.denied .eraphaticaffy Alexander's having given- him £00, or any sum, . In cross-examination by Mr Fel- lowsyhe admittcd tho conversation with Randell ;as to. 'protection: Ho said he was in favour of 'tlio protection tariff on any goods which might be manufactured in tho colony. lie denied ever having made the statement about tho " Jew being / ./kind:'' He had then expressed himself prepared !to'go' .\yith tiio freetraders if they were sincere in "their / professions, but as it was ho intended to qu'tmancouvre them, not sell them. Ho belieyed when he. gave evidence before the committee, and did so still, that the letters had not boon- de- '. stroyed, and he put the duplicate ones into the liands/7 of Randell to impress him with the ho- ""llef "that his brothor had "sprung liis plant, "ahti - that he (Randell) would then admit that, the let ters were in existence. Ho could only account for the animosity of Rees nnd othorsirom the /fact of his (Rees) not having been appointed to a situation under tho City Council. Ho believed lib supported Rees' application because he then thought and still thought that his (Bees') main fault was drunkenness, and he (Roes) had pro mised to. become teetotal. Re-examined by Mr Higinbotham. Mr Randell had given readings at penny readings ; was likely to know, tlio pas sage from the " Merchant of Venice " ailuded,to. He (Mr Randell) had, he believed, ' played 'the Ghost in Hamlet— (laughtor)— and was q/mem- ,ber of- the Garrick Club. He (Mi1 Jones) , had he found made a misstatement in , his examina tion. He had said therein that he mentioned the rumour which he liad heard about himself i to -Mr Casey, who had referred him to Mr" Butters, .Which was not correct. Cross-examined, by , Mr Fellows: Mr -Vale never said in, his hearing that lib (Jones) must clear himself of the oharge or no : more be a colleague of his. Re-oxamined ,'by ; Mr Higinbotham : He had , never . heard bf the : charge'until the 'public' mebtingl He' liad /first heard of the charge about the £200 for' voting for tho.Quieting of Titles Bill from Mr Casey, who said ho heard it from Mr Francis, who referred , liim to Mr ButterB, who informed him that- it emanated from Mr Williams out of spito. because he/had not - been re-elected before tlio arrival of the Prince. He now distinctly said he - never received, one penny of such money; - -He never 'received £50 on bib owii hoeount in tlie matter of the Maldon electibti.. As' to .the action on the part ,/of ' Fishbr, iii/ rbfereiice to' the depositing of goods' ill tho :M6nto.; dp Piete, libd the goods been sold tlioy would. havb /realised 60 per cent. . more than lib had received. / He had threatened to tako proceedings against Mr Sergeant, of Ballarat, but had not done so, because lie found that:: the rumour originated elsewhere. The. Parliamentary inquiry was on witness's requisi tion; and not on Alexander's petition. Had boon "charged with perjury by a man named Ma- lonby, who having nothing to be sued upon lind been sot up against liim by other parties,, but : broke down immediately. In tlio action by Rees against liim damages in. £10 were awarded on the one count only, in which it . was alleged that ho (Jones) had Boid tho reason why Rees left, the, town clerkship of Williamstown wa3 discredit able. - He oould have withdrawn that partioulav ; pottion, hut for political grounds. On all the other counts ho (Jones) got a verdict. . By a Juror : The amount ho received from tlie: Mont do Pieto was £200. J. Sutton, cleric in tho Bank of Australasia, produced the account of C.- E. Jones and Company, from January 30 to Feb- \- ruary 14; and also a pay-in note for £45 8s lOd, 'dated July 13. CrosB-oxamined by Mr Fellows: The ohequos woro drawn iu tho usual way./) Re- \- examined by Mr Higinbotham : Of the £45 8s, 10d, ono nmount, £10 8s lOd, was from tho Bal-1 larat Evening Post, for S'orvides as correspondent, The £35 was paid in notes. Ho had a few days previously boon, to Ballarat to got somo mouoy. By a Juror : Ho could'not account for the money. , He must have got it from somo of his friends at Ballarat. : \- The Court then adjourned for half aii hour, and ;cu resuming, Mr j. W. Raridoll was re-oaUod, and stated that Mr Jones liad very oloarly given him to understand in plainest of English that ho (Jones) had received tho £00 from Aloxandor.- Merles lmd known Aloxandor siueo 1801; nnd would not believe him on oath. Cross-examined by Mr Follows: Is in tho Government omployment "on tho railways, but Mr Jones has nothing to do with his' (moohauical) department. Mr Christie Buperintonds that. — Da Costa, bookkeoper of Messrs Wilkinson aud Co., was tondorod as evi- donoo that lie would not bolievo Alexander on oath, but that portion of his ovidonco was objootod to by Mr Follows, on tho ground that ho had not boon associated with, nor a neighbour of Aloxan- dor's, and thoroforo could know nothing about him. This witness suffered somewhat in cross-, examination, as to tlio causos that lod to his being allowed to rosign. Mr Miohio replied in a brii-' liant speooh of (considerable length, and liis Ho nour eommoncod tosum up at six, so it is not pro bable that the result will hei known' to-night ; but it is generally believed tliero will bo no agreement in tho jury. , 