INAUGURATION OF THE NEW ; WESLEYAN CHURCH IN ECHITCA. The new Wesleyan Church, of which we hnve before given a description, having; been completed, the ceremony for opening; it was fixed for Sunday last, the 25th July. The cost having been £850, £350 of which had been subscribed, there remained a debt on the building of £500. This amount it was thought would be slightly reduced by the collections to be made at the sabbath services, by the price of tickets of admission to a tea meeting, by collections made at a public meeting to be held the following evening, and also by admission fees to lecture in the Town ITall on Tuesday evening by the Rev Joseph Dare. The results to these several appeals to the members of the Wesleyan body and to the general public, have exceeded the most sanguine expectations entertained on the subject. The collections made at the Church on Sunday amounted to £10 10s. 7d; the amount realised by the meeting was about £26; the collection at the public meeting over £G5, and the sum paid for admission to the lecture was about £10, making a total amount of about £118 ; thus leaving the debt at about £382. This very gratifying result is due to the energy displayed by the Rev Mr Fitchett, the resident minister, and by the building committee, but may also, be attributed to the liberality of the members of the Wesleyan body, as well as many of those of other denominations. The opening services on Sunday, when the Church was well filled, were conducted in tho morning by the Rev Joseph Dare, who preashed an admirable and most appropriate , sermon from the text—Matt. 28th c. 19th v. " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." In the afternoon the Rev Alexander Mackie, the resident Presbyterian minister, officiated and gave an effective discourse from the text—Phillipians 3rd c. 12th v.:—" I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which I am appre hended of Christ Jesus." In the evening the pulpit was again occu pied by the Sev Joseph Dare. The church was crowded, and many stood outside tho doors, being; unable to obtain seats. The text chosen on this occasion was from Psalm 126 Cth v.:—" He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing his sheaves with him." The rev preacher was listened to with breathless attention, and seldom, we imagine, in any church in the colony, has a more impressive oration been delivered, and the powerful appeals made to those present to embrace from that hour a religious course of life must have sunk into the hearts of the most worldly minded. There can be little question that the sower on this occasion scattered some seed that will yet find a pro ductive soil, and fructily to harvest ripe ness. THE TEA MEETING. This gathering, for which arrangements had been in course of preparation for a considerable time previously, took place on Tuesday evening. The space between the school-room and the new building was en closed with a spaoious marquee, in which eight tables were laid out. All these were loaded profusely with the usual good things provided on such occasions, and were deco rated with handsome vases, containing brilliant bouquets of flowers. Around the tent were hung, besides the Sunday school banners, flags of various devices, principally lent for the occasion by the owners and masters of the various steam vessels trading with this port. The tables were presided over by the following ladies. At one Mrs F. Payne and Miss Lewen, nt another Mrs and Miss M. Lewen, at a third Mrs 8nd Miss Gray, at a fourth Mrs Dawborn and Mrs Grist; at a fifth Mrs Eldridge and Mrs Balfour; and at, the remaining three, Miss Ford, Mrs Eesley, and Mrs C. Ward. A numerous company sat down to tea at six' o'clock. The juvenile portion of the community were well repre sented, and did their " level best " to assist the adults in the.demolition of the tempting items of the feast. The attack was commenced bravely and was well sustained, some corps of reserve occasionally falling in to fill the gaps occasioned by retiring parties of the first at tacking forces. Considerable damage, it must be confessed, was done to the besieged cakes and tea, but on the final withdrawal of the beleaguering bodies, which numbered, at a fair computation, 300 mouths, there was work left still for a fresh armament of con siderable numbers. The greatest praise was due to the whole of the ladies for the abun dant and elegant manner in which their several tables had been prepared, and for their indefatigable zeal and attention during the progress of this great tea fight. When it was ended, their gratification must Lave been extreme at the consciousness of the honorab'e laurels they had won, to which our most laboured laudations could not txid a single leaf. We can only say they achieved a great success, the memory of which will, we are .p'ire, remain pleasurably in their minds " to ^ He last syllable " of their useful lives. THE PUBLIC MEETING. As soon as the tea meeting was concluded, the company present repaired to the Church, which in a very «hort time became crowded beyond its capabilities for sitting accommoda tion. The proceedings were opened by prayer offered up by the Rev. Mr Wells from Sand hurst. The choir then, sung the anthem, " Make a joyful noise unto the Lord." The chair was taken by Mr Haverfield, who in a brief address congratulated the Wesleyans on the success of their inaugural movement, and dwelt on the fact of other denominations being present, taking occasion to show the necessity of co-operation. He also alluded to the eminent services rendered to the cause of religion by the general zeal of tlio clergy of the colony, alluding particularly to the very efficient ministry of the Rev Joseph Dare -during a long number of years, and also of the great assistance given by the exertions of the Rev W. H. Fitcliett in the erection of the new Church. After the I anthem "I was glad when the said unto me " had been sung by the choir, the pro gress report of the building committee was read by Mr Matthews, by which it was shewn that the cost of the erection of the Church had been £850, £350 of which had I beea subsidised, leaving a balance of £500 yet to he liquidated. The Rev A. Mackie, Presbyterian minis ter, next addressed the meeting. He congratulated the Wesleyans and their minister on having so fine and commodious a €hurch. But he hoped they would not re main contented with having secured such a building, but would devote their energies to the liquidation of the debt still remaining upon it, and that they would not neglect to fill their church on the sabbath. Ttiey had very excellent and very handsome seats, he said, but they would not look very well from the Pulpit if they were permitted to remain vacant during times of public worship. Ha was happy to hear that they had been well filled on the previous evening as it proved that Echuca could fill a church when it liked. He would exhort the inhabitants to con tinue to do so. The Rev W. P. "Wells felt great pleasure in seeing so numerous an attendance, and was happy to bear of the absence of sectarian differences in the town. He expressed a hope in reference to some remarks by the Chair man, that the Pulpit and the Press would work together for the general good, and spoke at some length on the advantages of general co-operation. He was happy on ■visiting Echuca to meet the Rev Mr Fitchett, whom be had known for a long time, and was glad to find that he was held in such general high estimation in Echuca. He was ■sure he deserved it. He had known his family well. One brother who had also been in the ministry, but was now departed from ibis life, was a most excellent man, and had left his mark of usefulness behind him. Another brother, of whom he spoke very highly, was at present engaged in the ministry in New Zealand. He (the speaker) was glad to find such a church as this in Kchuca. He had heard something about it before his arrival, but bad not expected to see nearly so good a one. The rev pentleman ■dwelt on the desirability and efficacy of Christian love, and on the necessity for the avoidanee of brawls in religious and matters. He also impressed upon his hearers the excellent results that were obtainable by individual efforts. Every one could do something, and it was by a combination of various talents, great and *mall, that the most important ends were attained. It was a good deal, no doubt, for so small a community to do as to raise the sum of £350, but be believed it was quite in the power of the people to contribute the amount of the debt upon the building. He concluded by wishing the Wesleyan body in Echuca every possible success. The Rev Joseph Dare, after alluding to remarks by the Chairman, said he was very happy indeed to meet the Rev Mr Fitchett. It was a pleasure to him to reflect that he had introduced both himself and his brother to the Ministry. This was his first visit to Echuca, and he was greatly struck with its appearance, and the beauty of the country in its neighbourhood, as well as with the de lightful nature of its climate. It was a great satisfaction to him to learn that there was so |nuch unity in spirit and in effort among its Inhabitants, and expressed his conviction that it was promoted in a very great degiee by social gatherings of the character of the present one. It was the duty of the colonists <o set their faces against bigotry and sec tarianism ; and at considerable length, and in a most eloquent manner, be set forth and illustrated the immense advantages to be gained by co-operation. The smallest labor ^ns not lost, and no one should wait for an opportunity of doing something grand, as the chances were he would end by doing nothing. 1'he labor of the man who pulled the weed in a vineyard, was equal in value to that of him ■*yho culled the purple vintage. The educa tion of our youth was a matter which demanded j °ur most serious consideration, anil secular | ^pd religious instruction ought to be com bined. 'J be absurdities of ritualism were strongly pointed out, and the rev speaker poncluded a most eloquent address by con juring those present to aid by all the means >n their power in liquidating the debt upon the fihnrpli Mb The Choir then sang—(t The earth is the Lord's." ' A collection was ~~thttn made, the very gratifying result of which was the sum of £63. The amount actually subscribed in cash *as £16 4s 9d; the balance being promised wlien called for. At the conclusion of the collection an anthem was sung by the Choir; after which the Rev Mr Fitchett addressed the meeting. He spoke of the delight of his ^igiegation and himself at possessing such a one church. It was gratifying to reflect that " had not beuu a costly structure. It was cheap, but it was good; and the highest credit was due to the contractor, Mr Lever, lor whom he would ask for a round of ap P'ause. (This was enthusiastically given.) Some people objected to a church being ornamented, but he could not enter into their . I'ngs. God had ornamented the fair world ® which we lived, and why should we not 3dorn the temples consecrated to his praise, '■lie ladies of Echuca bad done a great deal for thechurch. They had presented it-pith ahand aomo Communion Servicp, and gm lady gavp an elegant Bible and Prayer Tin ok ; and it was owing; r.o their exertions that; the t^a meeting1 had been so successful. Re begged to move a vote of thanks to the ladies, and also the members of the Choir, for their very valuable services that evening- Mr Towle seconded the motion, and spoke in high terms of the efficacy of the Choir, and congratulated their leader, Mr Matthews, on the very satis factory progress it had made. The vote was carried by acclamation, and Mr Matthews briefly and appropriately replied. Mr II. Hansen then proposed a vote of thanks to the reverend visitors, and also to the Rev Mr Mackie, the resident Presbyterian clergyman, who had addressed the meeting. Mr Freeman seconded the motion. Mr F. Payne said some persons were under the impriession that some of the money collected on these occa sions went to pay the expenses of visiting clergymen. This was not the case. All that was to be paid was the railway fares of the rev gentlemen who had come from a distance. The vote was enthusiastically carried, and was, of course, suitably replied to. A vote of thanks having been given to the Choir, the Rev Joseph Dare pronounced the bene diction, and the proceedings terminated by the singing of the Doxology by the Choir and congregation. As the assemblage was leaving the Church the Choir performed the " Gloria," from Mozart's Twelfth Mass; and thus, ended a very pleasant and successful meeting. 