Humors of the Day. IF YOU WANT A KISS, TAKE IT. THERE'S a jolly Saxon proverb That is pretty much like this. That a man is half in heaven When he has a woman's kiss. But there's danger in delaying, And the sweetness may forsake it • So I tell you, bashful lover, If you want a kiss—why take it Never let another fellow Steal a march on yon in this, • Never let a laughing maiden Bee you spoiling for a kiss. There's a royal way to kissing. And the jolly ones who make it Have a motto that is winning ■ U you want a kiss—why take it. Any fool may face a cannon— Anybody wear a crown— tfnt a man must win a woman If he d have her for his own. Would you have the golden apple Tf t^ f!? 1 n? d the tree and stake it; If the toihng is worth the uayine And you want a kiss, why take'it. Who would bum upon a desert With a forest smiling by ? Who would give his sunny summer For a bleak and wintry sky ? Oh ! I tell you there is magic. And you cannot, cannot break it For the sweetest part of living Is to want a kiss and—take it. Foo-Sigsais.—Coagbs and colds. Killin& Time.—Shooting a cent'ry. A Dreadful Deed.—A warrant for execu tion. The Best Hat fob a Betting Max.—A wide-awake. Haib-pins are the only sure preventive against hair falling off. A» Irishman complained to his physician that he stuffed him so much irith drugs, that he wm sick a long time after he got well. Josh BiLUNOs says : •• When a young man am t good for anythin' else, I like tew see him carry a gold-headed cane. If he can't buy a cane, let him part hie hair in the middle." An Alabama editor, in puffing a grocery kept by a woman, says: "Her tomatoes are a* red as her own cheeks, her indigo is as blue as her own eyes, and her pepper as hot as her own temper." " DOOTOB," said a gentleman to a physician, " my daughter had a fit this morning, and after ward remained for half an hour without know ledge or understanding." " Oh," replied the doctor, " never mind that; many people con tinue so all their lives." The following story gives a good idea of the drinking style of the last century. Thi* was what our grandfathers took for humor. (The Lord Panmure spoken of was, we believe, the father of the present Lord Dalhousie.) Two young English noblemen were paying a visit to Lord Panmure at Brechin Castle. One day he wrote a letter to Panlathie, a tenant of his, to come and dine with him, and at the same time ha ordered him to bring a sum of money. Pan lathie was aware when he received the order that something was to be done. After dinner Lord Panmure gave the first toast, which wm, "All hats in the fire, or £20 on the table." Four hats were immediately in the fire. One of the English noblemen gave the next toast, " All coats in the fire, or £50 on the table." Four coats were committed to the flames. The other English nobleman gave the next toast, " All boots in the fire, or £100 on the table." THe whole of the boots were committed to the flames. Panlathie'a toast came next, which was, "Two fore-teeth in the fire, or £200 on the table," when Panlathie pulled his teeth out and threw them in the fire. The English noblemen looked amazed. He had false teeth unknown to them, and Panlathie went home without hat, coat, or boots, but with £600 in his pocket. Lord Panmure thought much of his tenant after that. Anecdotes of the Stage.-—An amateur once volunteered to play Richmond. He was lame, having one leg shorter than the other. He began his opening speech,—" Thus far into the bowels of the land have I marched on without impediment," when a rude unfeeling fellow interrupted him with, " Hopped on, you mean;" to which, with a polite bow, Richmond replied, " Thank you, sir; I hop corrected," and pro ceeded with the performance. Our Duke Aranza, at Darlington, had begun that sentence of Tobin's which never fails to elicit oheers from the gallery, " No, I will not beat you ; the man who lays his hand upon a woman save in the way of kindness, is a wretch whom 'twere gross flattery to call a coward," when it suddenly occurred to him that the actors were all aware of his having thrashed his wife (who was the Juliana) that same afternoon. With some presence of mind he varied the next text thus— " The man who lays hia hands upon a woman, except when she deserves it," &c.; ■ At Lanark we were representing the " Heart of Midlothian." The two or three Scotchmen who were in the company were cast for Dumbiediket, Saddletree, 4c.; and David Deans was allotted to our first old man, a thorough Cockney born and bred. No sooner did he begin to scold his daughters for talking of " dances," than there was a slight murmur of disapprobation from the gallery, and a " native " bawled out, " Hech, mun, yer no a bit like Davie Deans; whare's y'r awccent?" To which unkind interrogation David testily replied. " Why you'v got it,"—a repartee that was taken in good part; and the old man's really capital acting (sans the accent) gained him a call at the close of tho drama.— PipthilV Musical and Personal Recollections. How Mask Twain was Sold in Newabk. —The Newark Press contains the following exposition of what " Mark Twain " terms " A Wicked Fraud," perpetrated on him during his recent visit to that city : —lt is seldom pleasant to tell on oneself, but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession. I wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I al most believe that I am moved tp do it more be cause I long to bring censure upon another man than because I desire to pour balm upon my wounded heart. (I don't know what balm is, but I believe it is the correct expression to übo in this connection —never having seen any balm.) You may remember that I lectured in Newark lately fjt the young gentlemen of the Clayonian society ? I did at any rate. During the afternoon of that day I was talking with one of the young gentlemen referred to, and he said he had an uncle who, from some cause or othet\ seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes this young man said : " Oh, if I could only see him laugh once more. Oh, if I could only see him weep!" I was touched. I could never with stand distress. I said: "Bring him*to my lecture. I'll start him for you." "Oh, if I could but do it! If you could but doj.t,ut. our family would bless you for evermore— fpt,. he is so very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor,'. can you make him laugh ? can you bring sootn*,. ing tears to those parched orbs?" I was pro foundly moved. I said: "My son, bring the old party around. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there is any laugh in him; and if they mi«s fire, I < have got some others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other." Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neck, and blew his nose on my coat tail, and went after bis uncle. He placed him in full view, in the se cond row of benches that night, and I began on him. 1 tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones ; I dosedSHiim with bad jokes and riddled him with good ones ; I fired old stale jokes into him, and peppered him fore and aft with red-hot new ones; I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and left, in front and behind ; I fumed and sweated and charged and routed till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious; but I never moved him once—l never started a smile or a tear! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture ! I was astounded. I closed the lec ture at last with one despairing shriek—with one wild burst of humor, and hurled a joke of super natural atrocity full at him ?' Then I sat down bewildered and exhausted. The president of the society came up and bathed my head in cold w.ater, and said : " What made you carry on so towards the last ?" I said I was trying to make that confounded old fool laugh, in the second row. And he said : " Well, you were wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, aud as blind as a badger." Now, was ,tbat any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and orphan like me ? I simply ask you, as a man and a brother, if that was any way for him to do ? 