GENERAL NEWS. ' ',.:.. Tho Cumberland Times, of Saturday, in an nouncing tho arrival. of the Fenians at Par ramatta, says ': — ' On Thursday last, a rumour spread throughout the town that a detachment of. blood-thiraty Fenians, red-hot for all manner of : wickedness, had arrived. Senior-sergeant Kollywaa at once communicated with, and the' entire police force were told off to protect tho lives and property of the inhabitants. .A detach-: iheht of the '.Royal Loafera,' under the leader-' ship'of the ' Lounger,' were placed under arms, and marched to the railway goods ahed, noar which the invading. forces were' said to be en camped. Great caution .was observed in sur signal, the valiant corps rushec^.upoii the enemy. What was their astonishment, however, to find that, instead of rough-bearded traitors, armed with revolvers and pikes, they' had stormed tho celebrated 'troupe known as 'Barlow's Dogs and Monkeys.' Tho 'Lounger' has beon pro moted for the bravery he displayed in the action, and is henceforth to bear the titlo of General Soaker and Baron of Freeman's Key. ' The Gundagai 2'inies ia responsible for the fol lowing : — Tho bunyip, which used to live in a pool, on tho Murrumbidgee, near Gundagai, Booms to have quitted his old quarters ; but wo learn that a ghost has como to dwell amongst us, poaaibly, ns compensation for the above loss. Wo cannot as yet indicate tho spectre's resi dence, if it has one ; but the culvert, familiarly tunned Bennett's Folly, on the sideling of Mount ParnasBus, seems ono of its haunts, and wo have been informed that, on Sunday ovoning last, a gontluman, resident in- our locality, who was riding past thia spot, was there confronted by tho supernatural visitant. It' rose apparently from under the culvert, tall, Bhadowy, und with a livid 'phosphoric light playing about it, suph us a bad lish hung iii a dark place exhibits. As, the shape approached, the startled s'teod reared, and the rider's hair stood on end ; but tho appa rition seemed to pass under the horao, aud dis appeared with a faint, hollow sound, like a dis tant dying groan. VVo need not say that the horseman made all hasto to quit: the spot ; but wo' may add that another party avers that ho has soon thia 'spectre' in the same plaoe, that it passed him. by like a flash of fire, and that ho thought his whiskers wero singed off by it. So far, this' ia satisfactory ; overy plu'co ought to. bo oolob rated for something, and awoll authenticated local ghoat would add considerably to. our township's reputation. ; . Mr. Towlbr, of .Adelaide, has, rocoived tlxe FrtltflUMnrr nnm ItiUliI/inf inn', titr i»i' Hin f?!'n*tnV-«mn«4' of Western Australia, regarding his' proposal for a guarantee of interest in a telegraph line, via the Sound and North- wost Capo ? to Java :— ' Perth, Western Australia, September 14, 1869. Sir — I have received your note of August, stat ing that you had an iutorviow with his Excol lency Governor Weld, respecting tho proposed telegraphic communication ' with Europe via Western Australia, and that his Excellency was the bearer of official documents containing a re quest for a guarantee. I oan only say at pre sent that there ia a strong feeling in favour of the propoied lino, and that I do not apprehend any opposition to tho proposed guarantee, or to tho. suggestion that this colony should plaoa U' Self in communication with the several GoTorn monta requesting their co-oporatlon in the Western routo. Tho foregoing is, however, but my individual opinion ; by next mail I may be in a. position, to write more definitely on the! aubjoot. I am, sir, &c;, Fred. P. Bableb. W.^Towler, E.aq.' ., . The Austrnkta'wi, of the 9th instant, says i-t. The meteorological ohangoa foretold : by Mr.. Saxby a» likely to occur this week hare happily! Qome to pass, and the country is now enjoying; the blea'aing'ao long needed', of a plentiful' supply' of' water. ' A mistake, made,' by a New Zealand paper in respoot to the term* Of tho vaticination' oi the : niodern weather Beer, caused a few- old' ladiea to , regard the 5th inat. with some droad, as tho date fixed for the advent of a destructive: tidal wave. There had been, , time,. pf which he took' advantage, for Saxby,, himself , tq^oorroot the. error which had been mado, but, ,n.a'vGf tha- less, a sprinkling of confirmed alarinujte preferred the mistake to the correction, and} clung to tho tidal wave. Among men tho Bubject; was made matter for :]ok.Qt aa moat things are, until the weloonje. ram, oarae, ;wbioh was felt by all to be *oo Vnm,enBe,a DAon to be anything but aupromoly grateful for. Th.o value of thia rain to tho oa Iony cannot bo overrated, , Tho fburidatiop atone',' ,of ,'La. Piesbyte^ap Church-, tif Wagga Wagga,'iaa been laid bygw AlW Stepheto, last $£&;' ' f ? *v s ' ''Hora6-Btfealih'g~ia pretty rife' at Duddo just now. ; Within: the. 'last ?: fortnight; i no; loSs than eleven horsea. hayo beenp removed— rBtolfen^'i No man can put hus horse in; a, paddock with, any 'certainty 'of getting, him 'in. the .morning,. an£ no (oaijr.'will swear 'definitely to .tho pojico that hia las bocri: stolon';' ''lience things are iii a crippled atate,^ ';'''-;l ??-??--?-'-- ' ? ?:???:?'???: -|'! !:'1^ 1 It is stated1 that 'Mr. Samuel- has iiot: 'yet do cided whether he will stand for _ Orange; -rr'not : aLbhouflh lie: soetns. :to' -prefer that ele'otbfafo to WolllUgton. ?.. !:?.?-. ? ???: ..:i;.;i ?.':?: -??? :? ? Mercantile men Ispeak very hopefully oi-tho prospects of .the colony, aince .the arrival of the last mail. The advance in t)ie price. of,,wool, tallow',' and hidea, liaB tendtsd grealjly to produce this result. ' ' . ', ' .',., :'.,*, The' crops on tho Manning Riyor aro.fayour ably spoken of by the local press, especially the wheat andniaizo.' ' ' . ' The Bathurst diitrict has boori, lately 'visited with a fine rain, whereby the crops are'1 greatly improved. The farmers aro jubilant with' such favourable indications of good cropB. --.; Country correspondents of tho Adelaide papers speak, in glowing terma of the crops. , .? ? i ? Rust has made its - appearance in the wheab'.in the MuBwellbrook' district, . . ' ? The annual meeting of tho Deaf, and Dumb In stitution, was. held at. Paddington, on Monday afternoon, A very .gratifying xejjort vyas, sub mitted and adopted, and the mooting was ad dressed by Earl Belinoro (who ^pre'sidud), .IJr, Lang, and Messrs. Levy arid' RapBaol. [ ' ' ' Buirahgong: haa been lately visited1 w^tlr a very heavy Hood; which has dorie considerable damage. .-.:;?. ?. ;; ? ' -' ??' ' ?????»-? The Rot., James Vollor has resigndd^ the paB towte of the Baptist Church, Bathura't-street, Sydney. . . ? . ? ; :?!./?? . A division of the electorate of the: Glohe'ia sought by the.olectors, :who are about to ipetitign Parliament on the subject. . . ,.;.., ..The Dubbo Dispatch says that the, Bpgan electorate is to havo tho privilege of returning two members at the' ensuing goneral election. :Tho trial !6£ Palmer, 'for the murder of Halli gan, commenced at Rockhamptibh, on Monday laat.' . ? .....'. ??- ''The miners' stfriko at BeechWorth still con tinues, and, as matterslook threatening, a body of polico have been sent up. ? ' A fishmonger in Sydney, who provides for his Excellency the Earl of Belmore, writes' to1 a well-known dealer in piscatorial delicacios in Tasmania, to send him up by tho next steamer, a supply of salmon' for tho Governor's table, and to let him know, at the aamo time, at what rate he can supply him for the general trade. , '. Hollowat's Ointment and Pills. -Rhoumatiamor neuralgic Atfoctioas. — No discoacs are more frequent, painful, or difficult to cure than those From thelr'ai tack no tisauo of the human body ia exempt, no : age, sex, or calling secure. It is a blessing, however, , to know, that all these sufferings may be completely aiid expeditiously ourbed by Holloway's remedies. The pills must assist in banishing the tendency to rhoumi tism and similar, 'painful disorders ; whilst tho. oint mont eures the local ailments, the pills remove tho , coij. Btitutional disturbance and reguJato the impaired fuhc. tiou of every organ through the. human body. . The cure is neither temporary nor superficial, but perma nent and '? complete, and tho disease rarely recurs,' ,'ao perfect .has been the purification performed by;thoab searohing preparations. . - , [_? 