THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. The spirit-rappers are about again, but the spirits are mostly square gin. It’s a funny thing that, whenever you hear of these rappers, you get a lot of sham spirits to cheer up the company, and to make out that ghosts are just as ordinary and cheap as members of parliament. Some of ’em can’t spell ; some rap nonsense, but all rap raps. What I want to know is, who was the first inventor of these raps ? Who made an alphabet out of ’em, and translated ’em into common language ? Then again why should spirits ring bells, like early milkmen, or rouse the furniture about like upholsterers ? Or why should they stump about in dark passages with top- boots on ? The ghost of a pair of bluchers ! Not being a shoemaker, I can’t believe there’s any spirit in boots. A clever man once wrote “ The king- dom of the dead is wide — why should the ghosts jostle us ?” He was right. We aren’t up to the spirit-level quite ; and don’t get any further than taking ’em hot with sugar. Anyhow they oughtn’t to be trifled with. A spirit that goes into partnership with a mahogany table in the rapping business, can’t be much account ; but I don’t care about seeing him stirred up to amuse silly people, and to set foolish tongues a-wagging. Let ’em alone, and never wonder about what you can’t understand. Pay your butchers’ and bakers’ bills, subscribe to the Benevolent Asylum, don’t rob anybody more than you eau help, leave off telling lies ; if you find a stray shilling, give it to the poor, put your dirty pride in your pocket, and then you’ll have a chance to be a respectable spirit yourself, without any taste for going fooling about at tca- parlies frightening the muffins and crumpets, aud making old women unhappy. Did you ever see a dog-fight ? I’ve seen a many ; but never could well make out what the dogs fought about, One would come up to the other, and curl up his nose, and wag his tail in a fightable way, and make some nasty doggy remarks to get up a row. Then the other would walk round, and show his muscle, and likewise make remarks —until they clinched ! It’s my belief that those dogs never knew what they meant as long as they were mangling one another. They never reflected whilst the fight was going on, but when it was over, I daresay they felt like shabby dogs, as they were. We’ve been having a sort of a kind of a human dog-fight in politics ; and both sides are now reflecting. They’re very sore, especially those that have been whopped ; but if you offered ’em a sheep-station as big as Europe, they couldn’t tell you what all the row’s been about. One of these days I mean to go in as member for Smith street, Collingwood, and try to find out. Just now it seems tome a case of “ dog eat dog.” I mean to write a chapter on dogs. I’ve studied 'ein. It dazes me to see what a swarm of husbands whack their wives. I never heard or read of any woman that was any the better or livelier for being whacked ; and it seems to me that the men who’ve found out otherwise, would be ever so much heartier themselves for being thrashed within an inch of their paltry lives by the hang- man, or tied to carts’ tails and chased by female velocipede maniacs. What’s your opinion of the Yan Yean ? Nice, isn’t it, to drink Whittlesea, to wash in Whittle- sea, and to boil your clothes in Whittlesea ? Cheerful for a brave, old buck teetotaller to know that he’s mixing his tea with extract of Whittle- sea pigs, and taking his coffee with Whittlesea sewerage grounds ! And yet this is what’s the matter with the Yan Yean. We pay for water, and we get drains. This is a dead robbery — very dead ! If a publican sells his liquors mixed, he’s liable to be confiscated (I don’t quite know what that means), but if a Government sells dirty water, it fines you if you throw it away ! At present the Yan Yean’s only fit to be thrown away, or sold for liquid manure. When the man comes for the water-rate, I shall ask him to smell the tap, and say he’s sorry. Looking over my parcels last night, I found one addressed “ Smith.” It was a petition asking Smith to hold his tongue for twenty-four hours. I can’t find any owner for the parcel ; but I want all the Smiths to hold their tongues for twenty- four hours, so as to make sure that the people who wrote that potition may be easier in their minds. Why do women ride on the front seats of low- backed cars ? If a man wants to try his hand at turning head over heels, it’s a good place for him ; but females don’t flourish at this sort of work. Yesterday I saw a low-backed horse fall, and a woman behind him came very near killing herself outright. Luckily for her, she pitched on the soft place at the back of her head, and wasn’t much hurt ; but if she hadn’t had any soft place there, she might have left her brains in the gutter. Women haven’t any right to pitch into gutter, or to rub noses with kerb- stones. They’re our mothers, our sisters, and our maiden aunts, and we can’t afford to see ’em thrown away before our very eyes, more especially if they’ve got any money, and haven’t made their wills. I’ve just come from a Bumpologist. They told me I could have my head felt for a trifle, so I went and had it done, after having had my hair cut to make all straight for the Bump gent. Then I went in, and asked for a character. The Bump- ologist sat me down in a chair, as if he was going to draw one of my back teeth, and gazed at me for five minutes a long and melancholy gaze. Presently he made a rush, and grabbed me by two sides of my head, remarking that I’d got a lovely intellectoorallooral countenance. Says he, “ Your frontal development’s A 1 ; your expression of figure is prime ; your Oxiput’s a regular one-er ; and your mind’s a giant.” I replied that I was aware of that, and that the giant had grown out of his clothes, and left me bald over the bump of benevolence. At this he ran his fingers gracefully through my stubble, and brought the flat of his hand down lumpus, as I might say, on Benevolence, observing that I was the benevolentest man, according to bumps, he’d ever met. (The tail-board of my cart had slipped down on benevolence the night before.) On the strength of it the Bumpologist wanted me to lend him two-and-six ; and I went home reflecting that if we all travelled about with a sign-board on our foreheads, it would be a good thing to go into the Bumps business, and spot the good-natured fools, thereby making two-and-sixes out of ’em, whenever we got a chance. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 