DüBSO. (FHOÏl OOH OOnBEBrONDBNT.) STOCK,-230 prime fat cattle, J. Â. Gardiner's, from the Molo, passed through on Tuesday tor marka! ; 92 head fat cattle, Simpson's, from < Drungalier, aro near son, nod Hennoi'i), aro ea ronto to Wagga Wagga, via Marramine and the Lachlan ; 300 fat oattlo, Cruick- shank'*, Grjwbay, have beon purchased by Ur. X, Fitzpatrick ; about 550 head of atoro cattle, Jardino's, from the Clarence, parsed yesterday, reported to be under offer to Mr. Gilmore, on the Bogan, (Th e mob was originally about 600, but 00 of them died on the Liverpool Hains from eating poisonous herbage. This in a sovoro loss to the owner.) COO head fat and store cattle, J. und E. Bradford's, are about to leave Warren for Wogga Wagga, G. Forsyth and Co., agents ; 130 fat cattle, Aaron's, have started from tho Bogan runB, doitlaatiou uudeaided-they «ere oloso to Mollah OD Wednesdsy; 4000 fat owes, Butter's, wore at Gingin Gingin Flain op Wednesday, from his station on tho Barwon, intended for Bathurst ; 1700 sheep, Fergu- son's, from hia station on Belaringar Creek, aro en route to bs shara at Nowry ; flOOO fat ehecp (M'Klllop and Beard'i) «ill start immediately lor the southern market. Mastering for cattle is going on at Bishop's (Marthaguy), and at G. Smith's station, Carraweena, for southern markets, and mustoring for Melbonrno mnrkot la takine plaoo OB aoveral stationl on the Bar- won. Mr. II. G. Gaodisson, agent to Powor, Rüther ford, and Co., lias just returned from a three days' trip in tho back country, and informa mo the late rain has been both abondant and general. Herbage, striotly speaking, bas aineo the drought only grown until now, bot grass »ill now bo abundant. Th oro is what is termed a '. blue" grasa, whioh bas not ahown itself for some time. If tho late raia should give it vitality and bring it np aa well aa formerly pastoralists and stuok-breoders will,if BO afflicted, be able to stand a coaplo of years'I drought. Thcio ie a general,belief that thia "blue" gras» wiUoomo np, and that well, soma hating bf en already seen, ,, Tua NEW Curv-Teams ladon with wcol of this | ee^son'e ollpcontinuo (o (ais through'Dubbo for tho atore bullocks, Perry, Rirun ..ni. *" "WT_w.nn. nearest railway terminas to'Sydney. Three teams oí .",['? JJ wool from Wombobble, on tba Macqaarlo, passed . !-,;.?. Ç: jeaterd»y. ;?}. i\ Po tm CAL GOSSIF.-A little nnnoyanos has been felt Jj thees two daya by several gentlemen in Dubbo who | \ ! " bare at lesata reoognlaed claim to reapeotablllty and h poaition, on ocoonnt of a paragraph In tbe looM Journal ;!' . nndor the above heading. Of the three names men- :f»* p tioncd, one onght nat, it has been said, to have bees " j, j jj Elaoed in snob proximity to the other. This can truly ' y j Bair), that, of the thrco names mentioned, not ona -iii r hus the ghost of a ohanoo ot being returned, because hs >:)' K of tho (rio who would be the most aoccesifal has ox- l' '! V; premed no desire for the honour, his practica and other -¡: duties forbidding. Bat to make mountebanks of OB* ','U! ri or two, who fanoy tho/can carryall before them, a '!] woll-aigoed roqnieition will bo got up, and no doubt ' " J jj ravenonaly received and reiponded to. Wo shall then i)M \\\ have the vagarios of a contested election that will Í2 split the aides of ono half of the people in Dubbo with >?.:, a laagbter. As yet. however, no names have been : ,'r. !: definitely fixed upon to oust Hr. Lord ; bat you shall ; ,¡¿j W have tho Bogan political " tip " long before the j; race, j{ DUBBO DIOOIXOB.-Only Strotton*» party are getting .,;( ]!; payable gold as jet, vis., from G to ts dwts to the ,¡t>, .£ load. The other prospeoting parlies oannot os yet ft "come on" the gold. TUE LATS RAIN.-It is almost impossible to eati- K J « mate tho large amount of good which tba late rain has »? done to thia district. Both pastoralists and agriad. i.; }¡ turista Bro jubilant. Tho lato crops ara now con- l-Y ir sldered to be acouro from failure. Tbe Macquarie, 'rv j! Bogan, and Castlereagh rivera hare rapidly risen, and JÙ'« all the baok waterholes have been replenished. Long ^ boforo Christmas there will bo many hundreds of prime ll V biillooks, nod thousands of fat «keep, on the way to ,>} )> western, metropolitan, and Melbourne markets. Hope ¡ir, >} has been revived, and the several interests ia this .!£ pjrt of the oonntry glvo good promise of recovering If..» ¡ from the depressing effects of past unpropitious seasons, |ij-'T -.[ BUSINESS PROSPECTS.- As a good indication that business is reviving, I may mention that very large consignments of general merchandise are being received here from Sydney by our storekeepers. A week or two ago several large heavily-laden waggons were unloaded at Mr. Serisier's Dubbo Stores; This week three wains, containing about eighteen and a half tons of new goods were unloaded at Tait and Smellie's Overland Stores, and five more waggon loads are daily expected. The wool stores connected with the latter firm have been greatly enlarged, and alterations to give greater space have been completed in their general stores. so many waggons ore now coming from One-tree Hill, there is an excellent opportunity to send back wool from this town by the returning teams. Miscellaneous-As previously intimated, the Ber. y Mr. Coombes, incumbent at Dubbo, has been allowed two years' leave of absence. Mr. Coombes has been a clergyman nearly always located in the bush.-Mr. Spanagol, hairdresser, has fitted up hot, cold, and shower baths-a great luxury to people residing in and visiting Dubbo during summer. Weather remarkably fine. Dubbo, 10th October. 