? » ? COMMERCIAL. Cornwall CJirmiclt Office, Friday, 16th Julj. The advices received by the Rob Roy to-day are not likely to produce any change in the value of breadstuffs here. Flour remains at £10 to £10 10b per ton; wheat, 4s 3d to *s Odj oats, 3s 2d to 3s 3d per bushel; potatoes, £3 10s per ton, bags included ; potted butter, Is to Is Id per U-. Hobabt Town.— Flour, from £12 to £12 10s per ton ; trhoat, from 6s 3d to 6s Cd per bushel ; sharps, from £7 to £8 per ton; bran, la 2d per bushel: oats, 3s to 3s 3d per bushel; peas and beans, 3s 6d to 4s per bushel ; potatoes, £3 lCs to £4 per ton (including bags). Wholesale prices for jotted butter are from 8d to Is 2d per lb j fresh, from le 3d to Is Cd. Melsourks.— Breadstuff's crinc no animation The trade, however, being low in stock, are compelled to purchase, and their values arc com paratively veil sustained. Best brands of Vic torian flour Cud buyers at £13 10s fo £14, according to quality. Wo hear of some 6.0D0 bushels of wheat having boen quitted at a trifle less money. Quotations have ranged at about 6s to fis Id. Oats likewise have met wilh a very free demand. 6ales h»vo been made at 4s 3d for New Zealand ; and a shipment of 1,300 bags Tasmaniau was disposed of at 4s 2d net. The Bravo, arrived on Tuesday, brings a cargo from Lyttclton. Adelaide. — The corn market is without change ; buyers offer 4s 8d to 4s 9d per bushel ; but few transactions arc reported. Stdnet.— The markets arc stagnant flour is quoted at £13 to £14 per ton. After years of perseverance on the part of the advocates of a Main Line Railway to connect Hobart Town and Launceston, the country has at length been placed in posses sion of a full Parliamentary Survey, executed by Engineers of the highest standing ; and at length the Legis lature will be in a position to ap proach the question with full data before them of the most reliable kind. The report of Messrs. Doyne Major and Willett with the plans and cross sections accompanying it, are all most complete, and the infor mation they contain is to our minds of a very satisfactory character, prov ing that a substantial railway can be constructed across the island on easy gradients ; and at a cost very little in excess of that estimated by the Royal Commission appointed in 1867, whose report was laid before Parliament during its last session. .Most of our readers have doubtless by this time made themselves ac quainted with the report now sub mitted, and it is there:ore unneces sary tor us to enter upon any digest of it. The Engineers propose to construct a substantial line of rail wayjon a guage of five feet three inches, which, after leaving Hobart Town shall pass across the Bridge water Causeway and run through the settled districts until it leaves Camp bell Town when it is to strike away to the rVestward, and following the course of the Macquarie River on its Northern bank, join the Launceston and Western Railway at Longford. The length of railways to be thus con structed is a little over 127 miles, and the cost is estimated at £850,000 sterling. This amount is to make the railway complete, with rolling stock and every accessory necessary to open the line for traffic, but does not include the purchase of land where the route may strike through private property. What additional cost this may entail will depend much upon the amount of patriotism exhibited by the landholders of Tas mania. We perceive that some of our Southern contemporaries make the estimate up to a million sterling, but we should scarcely think that any land required for the rail way would cost so large a a sum as £150,000 ; it is of course always best to be on the safe side, however ; and taking the cost of the proposed railway at a million ster ling, we wonder what the Parliament will say to it. Tbe interest on such a sum of money will represent, at six per cent, per annum, an annual payment of £60,000, and where so much scepticism exists respecting the productive power of the colony, we must expect to find any proposal to commit the colony to such an ex penditure, met by the most deter mined opposition. For this we are fullv nreoared, but we hope to see the good sense and enterprising spirit of our legislators exhibit itself with strength sufficient to overcome opponents. The Treasurer will open the ball with the old interest hob goblin, which so frightened him and bis factotum of the evening press a few months ago. His cry at the outset will be, ' How am I to provide tbe interest ?'' Well, this is a matter which the Government will have ample time to considei between now and the third of August next, and we hope to see their policy very clearly set forth in the Governor s speech which is to be read on that day. The engineers have evidently fore seen the difficulty to which we allude, and they have raised a number of very cogent arguments in favour of constructing the line in three sections, and only borrowing the money as it may be required. They suggest that in the first in stance a sum of £350,000 only should be borrowed to make the sections proposed from Hobart Town to Brighton, and from Longford to Campbell Town, leaving the midland section open to revision as regards its route, as it is possible that with the lapse of time important and desirable alterations might be suggested. There is much sound reasoning in this proposition, and it has this advantage, that in the early stages ot tbe work the country would be liable only for the interest upon £350,000 instead of upon one million sterling. We think, however, that under any circumstances the necessary loan should be autho rised under one Act, for it is well that English capitalists should be made to understand that we are not merely ex perimentalising, but that the Main Line Railway is to be constructed throughout as speedily as possibly, although we only ask them for an instalment of the necessary capital to begin with. This is, however, a matter of detail which with other important financial and general con siderations, will require to be well and separately discussed. The true question for present consideration is suggested by the concluding para graphs of the engineer's report, as follows: — ' Will the construction of this Railway directly and indirectly confer such benefits upon the country as to justify the country in taking the responsibility of incurring a debt for the purpose? Will it tend to settle population in districts which are now cut off from markets by the difficulties of transit ? Will it aid in promoting the unity of the colony bv developing closer commercial re lations between the different dis tricts ; improving the waning energy of the inhabitants; introducing fresh blood and capital ; and by providing means of free communication be tween man and man, help to efface those feelings of petty jealousy and rancour which always flourish in locally isolated communities and de stroy the vitality of the whole nation? Will Tasmania 60 united and strengthened be able to bear the in creased burden of debt ? We think all these questions may be safely answered in the affirmative ?' It is gratifying to find such high authori ties as Messrs. Doyne, Major, aud Willett thus strongly supporting the opinions we have so determinedly asserted during the past twelve months in the columns of the Laun ceston Times. Our opinions, we know gave offence to many of our most respected supporters, but they were expressed from a sincere con icction of their truthfulness, which has been recently strengthened by reference to many examples, and now again confirmed by the deliber ate voice, of gentlemen of vast ex perience in railway construction in whom the men ot the North, we feel assured have unbounded confidence. We trust that Parliament will affirm the desirability of borrowing a mil lion sterling for the construction of the Main Line Railway, adopting the advice of the Engineers to make the two end sections first If this advice is taken we believe it will be found that our opinions have been correct : that both directly and in directly, the Railway will greatly benefit the country, and that the in terest hobgoblin of which we have heard so much, is in reality no hob goblin at all, but a mere visual illu sion, like Professor Pepper's ghost, which vanishes the moment we re move the mirror in which Tasmania now reflects before the world her own inertness. Tasmania is not, after all, the good for-nothing place which interested parties endeavour to make her out to be. She has some hope of pro gress, and may even look forward to becoming a considerable colony within a few years. The fact is, the wealth of Tasmania has yet to be discovered, and it an ordinary amount of energy and perseverance be exercised it may be brought to light ere long. Perhaps it would be hopeless to look for the qualifi. cations necessity to raise this colony to a position of great ness among her own people; at least up to the present time such have not been exhibited by them ; but we have a very happy facility for importing every commodity we require and which does'nt happen to grow here, and there is no solid rea son why we should not import energy aud perseverance, and en deavour to rise by the exercise of the iaculties of others. Of course there is a difficulty in persuading other people to come here, but the colony has yet attractions within itself and if they are but set off to the best advantage she may hope to conquer in the end. Nobody believed in Tastnanian Gold fields, for aught we know very few people may be lieve in them now, but by dint of a little management we have succeeded in attracting the attention of experi enced miners to them and it would not surprise us to see a considerable investment of Australian capital in Tasmanian quartz reefs before long. The same may be said of our Coal fields, our stone quarries, our forests of timber, our various mineral de posits and our lands. Let us but offer reasonable facilities to capa talists and labourers, and our glori oiis climate and insular position will do the rest. Action is, however, the keystone tosuccess,the visinertiavtm do nothing for us. Elsewhere we print Mr. J. S. Goodall's report upon the prospects ot the quartz reefs discovered by him on Tower Hill, at the head of Major's Gully. Here is an instance of the power of energy and perseverance. It is many months ago since Messrs. Goodall and Freeman made their discovery and registered their claim to the reward offered for the dis covery of a payable gold-field in Tasmania. No sooner did they at tempt to turn their discovery to good account, than they were met by the opposition of Tasmauians, and it was not without a ' hard and expen sive struggle' that they obtained the lease of the ground which was re quired to enable them to benefit by their enterprise. Since that docu ment was executed, Messrs. Goodall and Freeman have done their utmost to test tne value of the reefs which exist upon the land, and the result is given in the report which is pub lished in this issue. They find themselves the possessors of three reefs, at least, oi auriferous quartz showitig a prospect so rich that they deem it unnecessary to make any trial crushings before erecting ma chinery. The further they cut into the solid reef the 'betterandrongner' the gold shows, and they are 'as- tonished at finding such prospects for such a great distance along the course of the reef.' Such an ' oc currence'' they describe, on the au thority of a large Victorian exper ience, as ' extraordinary,' and Mr. Goodall tells us that it is his firm conviction the reef will ' go down for a considerable depth car rying gold.1' Then, again, the char acter of the gold is described as very satisfactory. It is ' rough, not scaly,' and the grain of the stone very similar to the Clunes reef.' So satisfied is Mr Goodall with his prospect that he tells us he has ' called for tenders for the sink ? ing of two shafts on No. 1 reef, 150 yards apart, along the course of the reef. They are to be put down 50 feet, and if the reef shows as well at that level, immediate steps will be taken to erect machinery, a ten head battery to begin with, as we will have two years' payable crush ing before us. My partner and self will also put a shaft down on No. 2 reef ; and No. 3 will also be tested shortly. By the end of next week 14 men will be employed.' There is no mistaking such determined action as this, and we trust most sincerely that the spirited pros pectors will far more than realise their most ardent wishes. There may be people who doubt the bona fides of Mr Goodall's repart, and, because of his previous connection with the defunct Alliauce Quarte Mining Company, imagine that he is a mere speculator in this affair. The language of his report should disarm all such. He tells us plainly that he and his partner intend to work their discovery as far as possible on their own account. ' We are developing the reefs solely at our own expense ; such is the faith we have in them. When we want machinery erected, I purpose allow ing a few Victorian gentlemen into the claim (practical men), so as to assist ue. The block of land leased by me gives me 2,500 feet in length of, or along the course of the reefs.' After an attentive perusal of the report we must express our mo6t thorough reliance upon it, and view ing it in connection with the recent discoveries at Waterhouse, we believe that at length our pros pectors have hit upon the continua tion of the gold bearing chain which has been traced through Victoria until it tips into the sea in Base's Straits, but has never yet been satis factorily picked up in Tasmania, through which, however, it must pass, if their is any faith to be placed in the theories of geologists. Mr Goodall says : — ' I have no doubt but these reefs have fed Major's Gully alluvial gold deposits, as Golden and Fern Tree Gullies run into Major's. I am pretty certain that ' other reefs exist not far off, as this locality is a perfect network of reefs. All this is very satisfactory and we trust in a few days to receive such news from Tower Hill as will stim ulate the energy of prospectors, and lead to further discoveries of pay able reefs. Mr Gould the Govern ment Geologist is now on an official visit to the locality, and his report will be extremely valuable. If we can but discover payable quartz reefs at Fingal, and payable coal fields at Jerusalem, we may consider the future fortunes of Tasmania secure. We could not then postpone longer the constrcction of the Main Line Railway ; it would be an absolutely essential auxiliary towards ensur ing our material progress. Many persons think a payable gold field would be the salvation of the coun try ; some think good coal fields' would be a permanent source of wealth and prosperity ; while others pin their faith to the Iron-horse. There can be no doubt that all are important elements of progress, and with gold, coal, and Railways, Tas mania should soon become a leading division of the colonial Empire. The extraordinary Municipal Elec tion for the purpose of filling tbe places in the Municipal Council vacated by Messrs. E. Gaunt and W. W. White will be held on Fri day the 23rd instant. The only candidates we have yet heard named are Mr Peter Mills and Mr Gusta vus Gabriel. The latter has fre quently taken active part in connec tion with Quartz Crushing Com panies ; he is one of the provisional directors of the Northern Woollen Manufactory, and is earnestly desi rous of putting his shoulder to the wheel for the development of the natural resources of the colony. Mr. Peter Mi I Is is eo well known here as an Architec and Builder, that he requires no formal introduction. He was a candidate at the annual Municipal election in December last, when he polled 350 votes, though the four successful candidates were very popular men — Messrs. Adye Douglas, Alfred Harrap, John Murphy, and Edward Gaunt. The professional knowledge, and the large experience Mr. Mills has acquired of the wants of Launceston give him fair claim for support from the burgesses. If elected, he will be likely to prove a valuable member of the Coporate Board, because he will from profession and liabit be eminently practical in his manner of dealing with such business as may be brought before the Council ; and his assistance in carrying out the provisions of the Building Act is really required there. The Launceston Building^ Act of 1854, was almost a reprint of the London Act framed for a centre of population containing nearly two millions. The machinery was of altogether too complex a character and much too ponderouB for working in a town the site of which has been so recently separated from tbe bush lands of the colony. This Act, whenever it has been enforced, has been found to work most oppres sively, though architects, builders, proprietors of house property, and tenants all agree that a Building Act suited to the circumstances of the town is not only desirable but urgently required. Mr Henry Cross was the first victim under the provisions of the Launceston Build ing Act. He was permitted to build on his premises in Brisbane street, next to Gilbert's buildings, and then the buildings were legally pulled down ; the poor man was ruined, and he survived the injury thus inflicted but a short time. We could refer to other similar cases with regard to the infliction of loss on builders, but none so cruel as that in the case of Henry Cross. The evils inflicted under the provisions of the Building Act were of so glnring a character that by tacit consent the Municipal Council and their officers permitted its provisions to become a dead letter for many years past But the proceedings in the case Babington v. Dally, reported in our last issue, show that the Building Act has been resuscitated and gal vanised into working order in its worst form. Mr J. W. Lloyd proved that he had completed the brick portion of the building re ferred to more than eighteen months ago, and now proceedings are taken for the purpose of having the work K destroyed by having it, in the words 1 of the magisterial decision, ' abated, I taken down, and otherwise amended1* I within three months from Monday I last ! To carry this decision into I effect by means of fines and penalties I will be to inflict by legal enact- I ment a monstrous injustice upon an I unoffending citizen. In making I this assertion we do not intend to I cast any reflection upon the justices I who presided at the hearing of this I case. They had no alternative for I the breach of the provision of the I Act being proved by the certificate I of the official referees there was no f ? course open to the justices but that which they took. But the existence of the Building Act in its present objectionable form is attributable en tirely to the apathy of the Municipal Council and their officers in per mitting such an objectionable act to continue so long inoperative and now attempt to enforce it, at the very time that a draft Building Bill lies before the Council for the purpose of superseding this ponderous piece of legislation. No Corporate body or individual official has, any right to permit the infringement of a law because in their or his opinion it is severe in its operation. The Judge on the Bench will not attempt to adminis ter the law in this wav. but will interpret it as it stands on the statute book although prima facia: it may be erroneous. That however is only a reason for having it amended, but while in force it must be interpreted as it stands. If the Municipal Council had acted on this principle t', with regard to the existing Building Act it would have elicited such op- ? position from an oppressed commu nity as would have resulted in its repeal many years ago, and in the | substitution in its stead, of an act suitable to the circumstances of this town, advantageous to the public safety, and not oppressive to those praiseworthy individuals who employ their capital in increasing the num ber of buildings in Launceston. Three additional candidates for election at the approaching extra ordinary Municipal election, have been announced since our last issue. These are Mr William Tyson, builder ; Mr John Drysdale, builder and timber merchant ; and Mr W. F. Wathen. Mr Tyson was a member of the Municipal Council for three years, % but retired because he could not | spare the time he considered neces- '. sary to devote to the proper per formance of the duties of Alderman. I His retirement from the Council I was deeply regretted by the then, members of the Council and by the , burgesses generally, who looked upon him as one of tbe most prac tical and energetic members who up to that time had ever entered the Council; and we have no doubt that still entertaining the same senti ments, with regard to Mr Tyson, they will elect him as one of the two members, required to complete the Council. Mr John Drysdale is, in all respects, almost a fac-iimile of Mr Tyson. Upright, conscientious, painstaking, shrewd, thoroughly ac quainted with the wants of the town and competent to point out the actual H requirements in a Building Act for ? Launceston, he is just the man re- || quired to support the course of ac- Eg tion which Mr Tyson may initiate. ? Should the burgesses select these two H worthy citizens to represent them 9 they will send the right men to the B right place. We are authorised to state that Mr. Gabriel, though urged to enter the Council, has retired from the contest. Mr. Peter Mills will be nominated and well sup ported. His qualifications for the position of Alderman were stated in our last issue. The election occurs at a peculiar time, the commence ment of the second half of the year, when but very few of the burgesses have paid their rates ; and until they pay their rates for the current half year, they are, of course, not quali fied to vote at elections. This will render the coming contest doubtful as to its results. We do not pre- 1 sume to direct the burgesses how a they shall vote ; our duty is per- ? formed when we state clearly and I dispassionately the qualifications ol HJ the several candidates. The rest we ? leave to the action of the burgesses, ? but we hold that it is the duty of ? each burgess to record his vote at ;? each election. W Sib Thomas Gobe 'bbowhb.— Some sin- M priso has been expressed that tho knighthood J| of our Into Governor has not appeared in toe « lists already published from the London |H Gazelle, but the reason of this is maw H known to us by a private letter received by |B the mail. The knighthood was tendered to :M Colonel Browne while in Tasmania, and waa ijM declined by him ; but on reaching England H he was informed that it was offered at too BJ express request of Her Majesty, and ww H| intended as a special honour. On leaminf H this Colonel Browne at once accepted it. ? 