DESCRIPTION OF A TURKISH BATH. IK the first place, the bather is shown into a large room on the second floor, mostly occupied by couches, but having at the farther end a row of small closets. The attendant puts into his hand a sheet and a canvas apron, very much the size and pattern of those worn by Freemasons and Oddfellows on gala days and important occasions, and shows him into one of these cells, where there is just room for a moderatesized man to undress. Having performed this operation, tied on the apron, wrapped the sheet round him after the manner that ghosts are said to do, and put on a pair of slippers, he is conducted down stairs into a little dark room that smells warm and vapoury, bdt not disagreeably so. The sheet and slippers, are left at the door, and then the process of bathing commences, First, the attendant, reaches forth an apparatus like the "rose" of an enormous watering tin used by gardeners, which is connected to the wall by an indiarubber tube, a tap is turned and you are " watered' from head to foot with luke-warm water, which feels very nice and agreeable. After a couple of minutes or so the attendant gives you a turkish towel to carry in your hand, and a pair of wooden clogs in which you stick your feet, and he then leads you into another room, which you at once perceive iB decidedly warmer than the first one, to say the least of it. After the first "sniff, 1 however, it is not uncomfortable, providing you keep your feet safely and firmly in the clogs, put the towel under you -when you sit down, and take care that no part of your bare flesh touches anything— if it does you are aware of the fact in a moment, and feel an almost irresistible impulse to indulge in strong language. A bench runs round three sides of the room, and on this you take your seat, and if thirsty at all, or perspiration does not commence at once, you drink of cold water. Before you have been in the room many minutes, however, you are certain to break out into a most profuse perspira tion, after which you feel so particularly cool and easy that you are astounded on looking at the thermometer hanging on the wall, to see it stand at 150 degrees, and make np your mind at once, that it could be raised another 60 degrees or so without any inconvenience. There is a wooden lounge something in the shape of an enormous letter with the feet pulled out very wide, on the floor on one side of the room. Taking your towel and carefully arranging it on this lounge, so as to shield you from touching the bare wood in any part, you lie don^i for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour in the most blissful state of composure, thinking about nothing in particular, and contemplating; with much complacency the huge beads of perspiration that are bursting out from every pore and saturating the towel under you. At length the attendant comes in and takes you back again to the room you first entered, lays you ou a broad bench at full stretch, and commences kneading, you all over; rubs his knuckleB down yonr spine, down your arms, legs, and chest; pulls your joints until they crack; and, in fact, makes very free with you altogether ; but having a soft hand and a deft manipulation there Is. nothing about the process which is in the slightest degree painful. After that he gives you a very smart rubbing all over with the palms of his hands. Then Tie produces s pair of flesh brushes and soap, and repeats the rubbing with increased vigour, until' you are enveloped in a thick white lather as though you were one enormous chin about to be operated on by the barber. . Then the " rose" is brought again into play, and lather quickly disappears in a shower of warm water. After that you get' off the bench and stand in a place pointed out by the attendant who turns a handle, and down comes a deluge of beautifully cold water, which you enjoy amazingly for a few minutes. You then step oiit, dry yourself with a tonrel, resume your slippers and sheet, walk' up stairs and lie down on one of the couches for half an hour or so, and then dress, feeling anew man altogether, and convinced, from the appearance of your skin, that you are cleaner than you ever remember to have seen yourself before. All lassitude has'left you, the "prickly heat" even, has disappeared under that rubbing and. brushing and soaping, and as you walk out into the open air, the weather seems to have got decidedly cooler during the hour and a half vpu have spent in the establishment. A "jbad cold," rheumatics, or any affections of that .kind, must be very .".bad"'indeed if: they are not driven away at the first bath, while the most, obstinate cannot hold out against^ n*any, .prodded they are 'token methodically and'at stated intervals. Whether as a medicinal-agent, therefore, or nierely as a simple, healthful, and' invigorat- ing luxury, the Turkish bath is admitted on all hknds to be of the utmost value. 