[?] „ SY mask TWilSr. There was a sfypnce. in towp ® Bights sinee. As I was making for it, ip company with the reporter of an, evening paper, fie said he had , eeeii a Rambler naiiaed "Gas Graha-m shot down m a town in Illinois-years ago by a moo, ana as-ne was probably the only person in San Francisco who.knew of the circumstance, he thought lie woqld "give the spirits Graham to chaw,, on. awhile?' . N.B.-— This young creature is , a Democrat, and speaks with the native strength anddnetegance of his tribe, In the course of the- show he wrote his old. pal's name on a &Lip; -of- paper, and folded it up tightly mid put-- it in a hat which was passed around, ana which already, had about five hundred similar documents in it. The pile' was dumped on the table,- and the- medium began to take them up one by one end lay.them aside, asking, "Is this .spirit present ? or this ? or this ?" About one m fifty woufd rap, and the person who sent up the name would rise in his place and question the defunct. At last , a spirit seized the medium's hand and wrote Gus Graham" backward. Then the medium went skirmishing through the papers for the corre sponding name. And that old sport knew his card by the back. When the medium came to it, after picking up fifty others, he rapped ! A com mitteeman unfolded the paper, and it was the right pne. . I sent for him and got it. It wafc all right. However, I suppose all democrats are on Bocial terms with the devil. The young man got ud and asked : " Did you die in '51? '52 ? '53 ? '54 ?— » ; Ghost — " Bap, rap, rap." ' " Did you die of cholera? diarrhoea? dysentery? dog-bite ? small-pox ? violent death ? - ' " Bap, rap, rap." " Were you hanged ? drowned ? stabbed ? shot? — — " " Bap, rap, rap." " Did you die in Mississippi ? Kentucky ?-'New York ? Sandwich Islands ? Texas ? Illinois ? " " Bap, rap, rap." "In Adams county? Madison? Ran dolph ? " Bap, rap, rap." It Was no use trying to catch the departed gambler. He knew his hand, and played it like a major. Abont this time a couple of Germans stepped forward, an elderly man and a spry young fellow, cocked , and primed for a sensation. They wrote some names. Then young Ollendorff said some thing which sounded like — " 1st em geist hieraus ?" Bursts of laughter from the audience. Three raps — signifying that there was a geist hieraus. " Vollen sie schriehen ?" More laughter. Three raps. " Finzig stollen, linsowfterowlickterhairowfter- froleineruhackfolderol ?" Incredible as it may seem, the spirit cheerfully answered " Yes "to that astonishing proposition. The audience grew more and more boisterously mirthful with every fresh question, and they were informed that the performance could not go on in the midst of so much levity. They became quiet. The German ghost didn't appear to know any thing at all — couldn't answer the simplest questions. Young Ollendorff finally stated some numbers, and tried to get at the time of the spirit's death ; it appeared to- be considerably , mixed as to whether it died iu 1811 or 1812, which was reasonable enough, as it had been so longtgo. At last it wrote " 12." Tableau ! Young Ollendorff sprang to his. feet . in a state of consuming excitement. He ex- claimedj: " Laties und shentlemen ! I write de name fon amanvot life! Speerit-rabbing dells me he ties in yahr eighteen hoondred unddwelf, but he yoos as Kve and helty as " The Medium — " Sit down, sir !" Ollendorff — " But I vant to " Medium — " You are not here to make speeches, sir— sit down ?" Mr. O. had squared himself for an oration. Mr. O.— " But de speerit cheat ! — dere is no such speerit All this time applause and and laughter by turns from the audience. Medium— "Take your seat sir, and I will ex plain this matter." And she explained. And in that explanation she let off a blast which was so terrific that I half, expected to Bee young Ollendorff shot up through the'roof. She said he had coihe up there with fratid and deceit and cheating in his heart, and a kindred spirit had come from the land of shadows to commune with him ! She was terribly bitter. She said in substance, though not in words, that perdition was full of justsuch fello ws as Ollendorff, and they were ready on the slightest pretext to rush in and assume anybody's name, and rap and write and lie and swindle with a perfect loosenesB whenever they could rope in a living affinity like poor Ollendorff to communicate with. Great applause and laughter. Ollendorff stood his ground with good pluck, and was going to open his batteries again, when a storm of cries arose all over the house, " Got down ! Go on ! Clear out ! Speak on — we'll hear you ! Climb down from that platform ! -Stay where you are ! YamoBe ! Stick to your post— say your say !" The medium rose up and said if Ollendorff re mained, she would not. She recognised no one's right to come there and insult her by practising a deception upon her, and attempting to bring ridi cule upon so solemn a thing as her religious belief. The audience then became quiet, and the subjugated Ollendorff retired from the plat form. The other German raised a spirit, questioned it at some length in his own language, and said the answers were correct. The medium claimed , to be entirely unacquainted with German language. Just then a gentleman called me to the edge of the-platform and asked me if I' were a Spiritua list. I said I was not. He asked me if I were prejudiced. I said not more than any other un believer j but I could not believe in a thing which I could not- understand, and/ 1 had not seen any- = thing yet that I could by any possibility cipher out. He said, then, that be didn't think I was the cause ofthe diffidence shown by the spirits, hut he kppw fhere was ah anfogrmifiiri iiitinflnnfl aropnd thattable somewhere ; he had noticed it from the , there was a painful negative current ®®hfftive organisation from , that I told hipi I guessed it sras that » audi said, " Blame a man who. shedding these' infernal appeared, to . satisfy fenatfe, Mil 'he apt I hed hoari. iadl icohcernihg hibi. There IsoAwful, 'though, aboulr talking with living -sinful lips to the ghostly dead, , that I could hardly bring my self »tq .rise and speak. ; jBut at just JL, ..'|fPt; tremblingly up and said with alow and trembling voice : t..r, ft i y-- " Is the spirit of J ohn Smith present ?" , ti : f (You never can depend qh. these Smitlis j ..you call. for, one? and the whole itribe will me, clat- feringout hf bell to answer yqu.) f. . r , - .5 "Whack! whack! whack I whack!" ; Bless me ! I believe allFthe dead: and damned John Smiths between /San Francisco and perdition boarded that poor little table at once; ; I was con siderably set back — stunned, I may . say. The audience urged me ip go on, however, and I said : " What did you. die of?" ; The Smiths answered to every disease and Casualty that man can- die of. ' i - ; " Where did you die ?" - k , ' They answered " Yes " to every locality I could name while my geography held out. " Are you happy where you arc ?" t .. There was a vigorous and unanimous " No !" from the late Smiths. : " Is it.warm there ?" \- An educated Smith seized the medium's hand and wrote : " It's no name for it." " Did yo.u leave any Smiths in that place when- you came away ?" " Dead loads of them !" I fancied, I heard the shadowy Smiths chuckle at this feeble joke— the rare joke that there could be live loads of Smiths where all are dead. - " How many Smiths are present ?" " Eighteen millions — the procession now reaches from here to the other side of China." " Then' there are many Smiths in the kingdom of the lost?" " The Prince Apollyon calls all new comers Smith on general principles; and continues to do so until he is corrected, if he chances to he mistaken." " What do lost spirits call their drear abode ?" " They call it the Smithsonian Institute." I got hold!of the right Smith at last — the par ticular Smith I was after — my dear, lost, lamented, friend — and learned that he died a violent death. I feared as much. He said his wife talked him to death. Poor wretch ! By-and-bye, up started another Smith. A gentleman in the audience said that this was his Smith. So he questioned him, and this Smith said he too died by violence. He had been a good deal tangled in his religious belief, and was a sort of a cross between a U&iversalist; and a Unitarian ; has got straightened out and changed his opinions since he left here ; said be was perfectly happy. We proceeded to question this talkative and frolicsome old parson. Among spirits I judge he is the gayest of the gay. He said he had no tangible body ; a bullet could pass through him and never make a hole ; rain could pass through him as through vapour, aud not discomihode him : in the least, (so I suppose he don't know enough to come in when it rains — or don't care enough) ; says heaven and hell are simply mental con ditions ; spirits in the former have happy and contented minds, and those in the latter are torn by remorse of conscience ; says as far as he is concerned, he is all right — he is happy ; would not say whether he was a very good or a very bad man on earth (the shrewd old waterproof non entity! I asked the question so that I might average my own chances for his luck iu the other world, hut he saw my drift) ; says he has an oc cupation there — puts in his time teaching aud .being taught ; says there are spheres — grades of perfection— he is making very good progress — has been promoted a sphere or so since his matri culation (Isaid mentally, "Go slow, old man, go slow, you have got all eternity before you," and he replied not) ; he don't know bow many spheres there are (but I suppose there must be millions, becanse if a man goes galloping through them at the rate this old Universaliet is doing, he will get through an infinitude of them by the time he has. been there as long as old Sesostris and those ancient mummies ; and there is no estimating how high lie will get in even the infancy of eternity— I am afraid the eld man is ' scouring along rather too fast for the style of his surroundings, ancl ihe length of time he has got on his hands) ; says spirits cannot feel heat or cold (which militates somewhat against all my notions of orthodox damnation — fire and brimstone) ; says spirits commune with each other by thought— they have no language ; says the distinction of sex arO'pre- served there- — and so forth and so on. The eld parson wrote and talked for an hour, and showed by . his quick, shrewd, intelligent replies, that he had not been sitting up nights in the other world for nothing ; he had been prying into everything worth knowing, and finding out everything he possibly could — as he said him self — when he did not understand ! a thing he hunted up a spirit who could explain it, conse quently he is pretty thoroughly posted. - And for his accommodating conduct and his, uniform courtesy to me, I sincerely hope he may continue to progress at his present velocity nntil he lands on the very roof of the highest sphere of all, and thus achieves perfection. 