MONDAY, AUGUST 23, 1869. The Jury Bill which, tho Attorney Gdneral has brought into the Assembly is in many respects an improvement upon the existing law. It is better arranged and better expressed than the act which it proposes to supersede. It contains several practical alterations that are likely to prove beneficial, and, above all, it at length puts an end to what Mr. Hallam calls "that pre " posterousrelicof barbarism, therequire " ment of unanimity." Two of the other alterations we may briefly notice. One of them is the omission of the pro- vision for the jury de medietate linguo, that is to say, foreigners will no longer have a right to insist upon being tried by a jury half of whom are not British subjects. This subject has been under consideration in England, on account of some difficulties to which it gave rise, or rather suggested, in relation to the question of naturalised subjects of other countries. We think that the pro- vision is almost always troublesome, and seldom useful, and its omission is a dis- tinct improvement. The other altera- tion to which we refer is the qualifica- tion for special jurymen. The list from which this class of jurymen is to be selected is greatly enlarged. Under the present act special jurors must be esquires, accountants, merchants, brokers, chemists, druggists, civil en- gineers, architects, warehousemen, or com- mission agents. Under the bill now before the House, the list stands thus : Professional accountants, custom-house, stock and station, or estate agents, civil engineers, architects, licensed auctioneers, licensed brokers, bankers, bank or in- surance company directors, bank in- spectors, managers, and accountants, booksellers, brewers, builders, chemists or druggists, justices of the peace, wholesale merchants, owners of real estate of the value of £500, or of per- sonalty of the value of £1,000, persons rated at £100, and persons described on any jury list " as an esquire, or person " of higher degree than that of esquire." What the object of this last provision is we cannot say, unless the Attorney General thinks that the number of knights in the colony is likely seriously to increase, and that these distinguished personages ought not to escape the honour and the duty of the special jury book. But the provision in this bill in com- parison with which the other changes are insignificant is that which relates to verdicts in civil cases. The jury of four is to bo changed into a jury of six, and after six hours of deliberation a five-sixths verdict may be taken. In other words, when the jury disagree, a majority of five to one in juries of six, and of ten to two in juries of twelve, will suffice. This is the law as it exists in Scotland, where it was introduced between fifty and sixty years ago, when trial by jury in civil cases was extended to that country, and where it has ever since worked satisfactorily. The change was also recommended by the English commis- sioners upon the Courts of Common Law in 1830, and it is supported, as we think, by conclusive reasons. It is quite certain that, in many cases, the unanimity is onlyapparent, and not real. Verdicts are, if not always, yet cer- tainly very often, the result of the surrender or the compromise of in- dividual opinion. When one or twe jurymen find themselves in a minority, many circumstances concur to rendel them less tenacious of their opinions than we might expect. When there ii a large majority against them, mer naturally begin to hesitate about th( correctness of their opinion. Thej shrink, too, from appearing to be ob stinate and unyielding. It is an un gracious thing to stand out againsl numbers, especially when by such per sistence many other persons besides th( dissentients are put to inconvenience Nor must we forgetthat while the tempta tion to apparent unanimity is strong the chances in favour of that unanimit] are very small. We do not usually find in the casual intercourse of life, that tht first twelve men we meet take the samt view of a disputed fact. But if wt bring these men into a jury box, w< require from them that concurrence o opinion which we should never expec from them in the street. By way o: insuring this unanimity, we expost them for hours to be cajoled and puzzlec and confounded by all the arts tha practised advocacy upon either side car bring to bear upon them. Unless, there fore, the case be absolutely free fron doubt, it is almost inevitable that ai agreement can only be obtained b] some process of compromise, 'and tha thus the supposed advantage of una nimity is lost. It is obvious tha this practice must lead to a la: view of the obligation of each indivi dual juror. Every man upon the jur; is sworn to give a true verdict, and hov can he be said to observe that oat! when he concurs in a verdict which h must regard as more or less unsatisfac tory? There is one advantage which th rule of unanimity fully secures. In th event of a difference of opinion amonj the jurors, a discussion cannot b avoided. It is not possible to poll th jury at once, and so, without furthe trouble or consideration, to arrive at 1 conclusion. If any one juror dissent from the rest, his fellow jurors must li ear and consider Lis opinion and its reasons. They cannot treat his views with contempt or indifference, for, if they desire to give a verdict at all, they must either convince him or he convinced themselves. A safeguard against pre- cipitancy is thus secured, and a full and adequate discussion of every subject that admits of doubt. If it were necessary to sacrifice this great advantage in altering the rule of unanimity, -we should hesitate to accept the change. Fortunately, however, no such sacrifice is needed. The proper method is, as the bill before us provides, to require a deliberation of at least six hours before the five- sixths verdict can be received. We are glad, therefore, that even at this late period of the session so valuable a measure of practical law reform has been proposed, and we hope that the Attor- ney-General will use every exertion to carry a measure which it does him credit to have proposed. Persons uninitiated into the mysteries of Oddfellowsbip, Forestership, and Druidism, are apt to think slightingly of these august fraternities. The age is a realistic one, and all masquerading, save for frolic's sake, is regarded with dis- favour. The aprons, trimmings, and decorations indulged in by Oddfellows and Foresters in their public appear- ances, and the yet more absurd goat and-ghost-like disfigurements of the Druids, are somewhat offensive to com- mon sense, and repel rather than attract the sympathies of the outer world. But as there is much intrinsic good in these and similar institutions, it is well for the public to be made aware of the fact. , A gentleman connected with the press of Warrnambool-Mr. William Fair tax- recently delivered a lecture in that town on " The History and Advan " tages of Benefit Societies, and the Im "portance'of Life Assurance," which supplied in a concise shape a large amount of information on the subject of friendly societies. The lecture has been printed in pamphlet form, and published in this city. It was giren in the new Oddfellows'-hall at Warrnam- bool, and naturally dealt at some length with the Oddfellows' institution ; but it also treated of the characteristics of Foresters, Eechabites, and Druids, and referred to certain national associa- tions, building societies, savings banks, and insurance companies. It is pretty generally known that the main object of such societies as those of the Odd- fellows and ForeBtsrs is to supply mem- bers and their families with medical attendance and requirements during sickness, and extend a helping hand to them in time of poverty and distress. This design being a most praiseworthy one, it becomes of more interest to know how these societies stand numerically and monetarily than to witness them disporting in gala attire on festival days. And some facts on this head Mr. Fairfax culls for us in his lecture. Friendly societies, however far back they may affect to date, may be broadly set down as the product of the present century, and as yet their operations are almost exclusively confined to England, her colonies, and America. In 1847 the friendly societies of Great Britain numbered 782,000 members ; in 1858, 2,000,000 members, owning funds ex- ceeding £9,000,000. Since then, they have gone on increasing, and it is stated that their accumulated funds amount now to more than £20,000,000. The registrar-general of England com- putes tho saving to the poor-rates, owing to the action of these associa- tions, at £2,000,000 per annum. In this colony, in 1867, sixteen friendly societies were in existence, comprehend- ing 401 lodges, courts, tents, &c;, and numbering 31,000 members, almost en- tirely of the artisan class. In 1857, the total contributions amounted to £5,000 ; in 1867 they had swollen to more than £92,000, while the gross assets reached the sum of £155,000. At the present time the local bodies registered number 500, while 100 more have deposited resolutions appointing trustees. The number of Oddfellows' lodges in Victoria in 1867 was 185. Of these by far the largest proportion belong to what is known as the Manchester Unity. This branch of Oddfellowship mus- tered 10,884 members in December last, and had accumulated funds to the extent of nearly £100,000. The Foresters in 1867 counted 116 courts; now they can boast 150, with upwards of 10,000 members. The Eechabites, who, in addition to other prudential proceedings, forswear all intoxicating drinks, have 89 tents, as their lodges are styled, com- prising 3,600 members. In 1861 there were but two tents in existence in the colony, and theirmembers numbered only sixty-six. The objects this society seeks are set forth-" to improve the moral " tone of society, to promote brotherly " love amongst men, to relieve the poor " and distressed, to lessen the sorrow of " the sick bed, to smooth the ruggedness " of the path to ' that bourn from " ' whence no traveller returns/ and to " comfort, sympathise with, and relieve " the wants of the widow and orphan." The Druids, who have also benevolent designs at the root of their companion- ship apart from the wearing of patri- archal beards and tho like, possess over twenty lodges and some thousand members. It cannot be doubted that these as- sociations are of great value to the colony. They place inducements to economy and prudence in the way of men apt to be thoughtless of the morrow, and inculcate a love of pecuniary independence which cannot be too extensively disseminated. As social devices they have also their utility. The evils which may arise from them-and there are evils, though Mr. Fairfax does not allude to them -need not necessarily attach to them, and have no connexion with their avowed object. The indepen- dence which they cultivate, though un- doubtedly a great benefit, is not the highest sort of independence. It is a class rather than an individual indepen- dence. It appeals to the weakness of human nature ; not to its strength. So I long as the workings of these associa-. tions are confined, however, to their legitimate aims, no harm can result from them. The strong-minded, thoughtful brave working-man, who can bring up his family reputably, and raise himself in the social scale without the help of such society crutches, is doubtless a more estimable character than one who clings to them to save his house- hold from extinction in periods of ad- versity. But for the mass of mankind they are admirable helps. The danger connected with them is, that in teaching a man to look to his society for pecu- niary help, he may also be taught to look to it for political tuition-that, in short, he may fail to cultivate the habit of mental self-reliance until he becomes merely part of a machine, and ceases iii any noble sense to bo a man. Ifc ig true, that friendly societies professedly avoid all political aims ; but it is never- theless the case, that the tendency of such organisations is to cause those composing them to think and act in flocks rather than as individuals. Hence, though admirable agencies of advance- ment in the present stage of the world's development, they cannot be regarded as forming in themselves the most per- fect results of modern civilisation. It will be seen that an untoward accident Las happened to the Balclutha, which was proceeding with the South Australian mails and the new Governor of Western Australia and his family to King Georgo's Sound, and that it waa found necessary to tranship her passengers and mails to the Aurífera, which fortunately hove in sight, and that tho latter has reached Adelaide. It is gratifying to be able to add that, according to the last advices the captain and crew of the Balclutha were in safety, and that she was being towed up the Gulf. It is to be feared that our neigh- bours in South Australia will have to wait for the arrival of the incoming mail steamer in Hohson's Bay before they can receive the July mails, and that we shall bo deprived of our ordinary monthly message by telegraph. In the notice-paper for the meeting of the City Council to-day, the motions of Alder- man Wragge and Councillors Williams and McPherson still remain undisposed of. The council will consider and order upon the re- port of the Health Committee submitting a petition from the residents in the neighbour- hood of Lygon-street, stating that they were for a long time subjected to a nuisance and injury to their health by the dust and effluvia from the flock factory which has been recently burnt down, and praying that the Board of Health will not allow the business to be again carried on in the same place. The committee recommend that proceedings be taken against the proprietor in the event of his renewing the nuisance. The Market Committee report that it has been found necessary to provide temporary accommodation at the cattle- yards for the sale of sheep during the removal of the old sheep-pens and the erection of new ones, and that the committee have ordered the old fences to be removed toan unoccupied piece of land at a cost not exceeding £20. Tho Market Committee also submit a codo of regulations for the management of the new Meat Market. Councillor O'Grady gires notice of motion for a deputation to wait on tho hon. the Chief Secretary to urge him to give tho support of tho Executive Government to the passing of a bill to enable the City Council to make bye laws for amending the rules of the Melbourne Building Act. Councillor Reed gives notice of the following motion :-" That the mayor may, at such times as may be convenient, grant to every officer of the corporation leave of absence for recreation for any period not exceeding in the whole three weeks in each year." In the Equity Court on Saturday, arguments in the suit of Toohey v. Sltaina were concluded. The plaintiffs attempt to set aside a post- nuptial settlement, executed by Cattach shout six months before ho assigned his estate to plaintiffs for the benefit of his creditors ; and the defence is that tho trustees of a deed of assignment have no power to ask that a post-nuptial settlement shall be declared void. Judgment was reserved. Mr. Justice Molesworth gave his decision in Davidson v. Bryden, on exceptions to a report of the roaster. The master had found that on the balance of account between tho parties defendant was entitled to £27 4s. Id., but his Honour overruled this decision, and held that plaintiff was entitled to £78 2s. 2d. The sittings of the Chief Court of Mines will commence this morning, before Mr. Justico Molesworth. Among tho cases on the list is Nolan v. the Annabella Company, in which a decision of Judge Macoboy's which has caused so much excitement in tho mining world-is appealed against. The case of Fletcher v. Youl, commenced in tho Supreme Court on Saturday, was con- cluded. It was sought to recover £209 on four station orders drawn by an OTorseer of Dr. Youl's, and endorsed over to the plaintiff. The defence was that the overseer, George M'Gillivray, had no authority to draw tho oiders ; and as to £29, the jury agreed with the defendant ; but for the balance, £180, they found a verdict for tho plaintiff. The ReT. P. S. Menzies preached a special sermon in aid of the Hornbrook Ragged schools, at Chalmers' Church, Eastern-hill, yesterday afternoon, when there was a largo congregation. The rev. gentleman took for his text, the 6th, 4th, and part of the 9th verses of the 4th chaptor of Genesis-" And the Lord said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth Î and why is thy countenance fallon!" "And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of tho fat thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel and to his offering." " And he said, I know not. Am I my brother's keeper." ne cited the case of the Jews, who, .because they made the Jewish phy- siognomy the testof brotherhood-saying prac- tically, "Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thy enemy "-were doomed to social and political extinction, as an example from which Christians should leam to regard all mankind as one common brotherhood, with- out distinction of classes or persons. He remarked upon the relations at present exist- ing as a rule between employers and employed, by which one class was practically separated from tho other by a great gulf, which it was the duty of Christians to fill up, so that a ser- vant in distress might be able to receive aid and consideration in a temporary embarrass- ment without placing himself under an un- pleasant obligation to some member of his own class, or beiug driven to the humiliation of pauper relief. The great thing was-having assumed the existence of this brothorhood to consider how to dry up those stagnant pools of misery which existed in our midst» and by far tho noblest function of a preacher had been accomplished when ho had made man willing to do and to >bear for the sako of Christ. The strongest of all influences for good was personal influence, for above all things in charity the heart of the donor should act on the heart of the recipient as directly as possible. Wherever a wide gulf of misery had attracted attention, it had been found necessary to organise a plan in which there was co-ordination aud subordination, and those who had paid atten- tion to the subject know that successful attempts had beon made to form-in Liver- pool and New York-a confederation of charities. In that way, one formidable ovii which attended tho bestowal of charity in this city was got over, as it was impossible under this system for an impostor to be re- ceiving largely from two or three charities at once. But", while tho economiatr-tUa .statesman - justly bado them organise, there was rraotlior counsel which the Chris- tian waa oven more imperatively bound to listen to, and that was, that if permanent good was to bo done, the boliover in,love must be allowed to act directly, for not other- wise could ho bo his * ' brother's keeper," The secret of tho failure of every poor-law was that the whole thing was mechanical in tho last degree. Ho trusted that any such stato provision for tho poor would long be averted from the colony. Let our rich men and women so far act in concert that all things should be done well, but above all, let thom art/ uersonally, bringing to bear their intolli. geflto and education on the work, and ho was euro that tho joy of doing good would suc- ceed the cold charity of officials, and malro rich and poor one great loving family, dwelling together in a community of peace, The rev. gentleman also reforrod to tho pre- valence of drunkenness and'sensuality in this city, and appealed to his hearers to aid in rescuing the many wretched creatures dwell- ing within it. Seeing what things were dono in the greon tree, what would bo dono in the dry? At the close of the sormon a collection was made, by which the sum of £23 was obtained, to be devoted to the Hornbrook Schools. An "Address to Young Mon" was last ovening delivered by the Bev. A. M. Hender ion, in tho Independent Church, Collins street. The text was taken from the 23rd chapter of Proverbs, and a portion of the 23rd yersc- "Buy the Truth." The preachor having adverted to the auomaly presented by religious sects, diametrically opposed in prin- ciples, claiming the exclusive possession of the truth, proceeded to lay down certain premises, with a view to arriving at a logical conclusion as to the meaning and application of the word. In endeavouring to accomplish this object, the reverend gentleman started by de- fining what was logical or verbal truth and moral truth, lie lamented the groat lack of the latter amongst us, and deprecated the misrepresentations too frequently had re- course to by individuals, for the purpose of achieving their objects. His inten- tion, however, then was not to deal with moral truths. Ho wished simply to touch upon some points of interest con- nected with those of a logical character. Those he classilicd under tho hoads of necos sary contingent, and contingently necessary truths. Necessary truths, ho explained, wero those of a self-evident and demonstrable nature, such as two and two aro four, and the axiom that two right lines cannot enclose a space. Having expatiated at considerable length upon tho laws of inductive science, and dwelt upon many of the false theories resulting from fallacious reasoning, tho speaker at length approached what appeared to be the real subject of his discourse, namely, tho demolition of the arguments in favour of protoplasm, prc-historic man, the Darwinian theory, &c.; In a light, easy, discursive style, seemingly intended to suit the capacity of the youthful minds to which the discourse was directed, the rev. gentleman referred to the writings of the development thoorists. Upon this topic, and others of a similar character, he descanted at some length, touching upon various points of controversy evoked by the recent lecture delivered on " Pre-historic Han," and concluded by impressing upon his audience the general maxims and principles o£ Christianity. A woman named* Eliza fitzpatrick was brought before the magistrates in the City Court on Saturday last, charged with insult- ing behaviour. On referring to the previous character of this woman, it was found that she had been no less than fifty-three times before the Court, and out of the last four years she had spent no less'than thirty-nine months in gaol. She was sentenced to pay a fine of Sa, or in default, suffer two months' impiisonment. On leaving the couit she thanked the Bench for providing her with boatd and lodging for two months. A supplement to the Oaxelle notifies the postponement of the time for holding the county court and court of miues at St. Arnaud from the 26th of August to the 7th of September, At a late hour on Friday night, Constable Fagan discovered a man lying on the path- way in Bourke-strcet east, near the White Hoise Hotel. On examining him ho found ho had a severe bruise on the back of the head, and a cut over the right eye. He was taken to the hospital, where ho gave the name of James Preston, a resident of Ararat. He said ho had not been in Melbourne foi five years, and only arrived the day before. Ho was in tho White Horse Hotel for a short time ; but as ho was inclined to create a dis- turbance ho was put 'out of the house, and started for Brunton's Hotel, where ho was staying. On the way he appears to have slipped, and fallen on his back on the pave ment, striking the back of his head with great force. At first it was thought the in jury was slight; but he became delirious, and died at half-past ten on Saturday morn- ing. He had £ii in cash, aad a gold receipl for £1,4 lOs.'lld. tied round his leg. An in- quest will be held on the body this day. A preliminary meeting of farmers residing in and around Heidelberg was held on Fridaj evening, at the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel Heidelberg, Mr. Trenoweth in the chair, te consider what steps should bo taken by th< farmers of tho district to show that they de not entertain the illiberal prejudices againsi the Melbourne Hunt Club which prevail ir other districts. From the statomonts madi by the chairman and Mr. S. Cole, it appearec that the majority of the landowners ant farmers in the district were very favourabl; inclined toward the hunt, and wished a meet ing to be called publicly to discuss the matter and to assure the club that if the farmer wero fairly compensated for any damage doni to the crops and fences, the club would bi freo to hunt over their respective farms Ultimately it was agreed that a public meet ing of the farmers of the district should bi convened at the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, or the afternoon of Monday next. A very pleasant afternoon's sport wai afforded those who attended the race meot ing held at Croxton-park on Saturday. Th .weather was delightfully fine; the sport ox ccllent, especially the steeplechasing j and tb î>rico of enjoyment moderate. About 2,00 spectators must have been on the cours* during the afternoon. The next meetini will bo held on October 2. A correspondent from Heidelberg urge upon us the proprioty of aiding the suburbai districts in obtaining a modification of thoi: Postal arrangements. Ho states that thi greater portion of three days is consumed ii Setting an answer from Melbourne, which i only eight miles distant. This has proved s annoying that tho numerous letters . whicl were addressed to the Yarra Bond Asylum b; tins route are now intercepted in Melbourne and conveyed to their destination by specio messenger. Our correspondent says he ha reason to know that the Postmaster-Genera arcady to remedy tho Heidelberg mail dhu culty, but ujvto the present time those wh tender for iÄpnveyance have been" too ea oilntantin tî,"r demands for any additions duty incumbent upon them in a change fo tuo better. As a very opportune time is noi approaching-viz., the letting of the ma contracts for 1870-no doubt if tho Buburba distncts would unite in one appeal, and stat their requirements, some amelioration woul »e tho result. We are informed that certain potty pilferei w going the rounds of -the suburbs stealin tue most valuable plants in tho gardens. " correspondent informs us "that his garde at South Yarra was cleared of all hi caoiccst roses, &o;" on Saturday ovening, bl tween seven and ten o'clock." A very large tuber of that rare plant know « 'he'' native broad," wasfoundone day Uti wkby a farmer residing near Heidelberi _ > » . . The specimen, which weighed no less than 81b., was sent by the finder to the Melbourne University. A man named James Nolan, aged forty years, residing at Deep Creek, "Western Port, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital on Saturday lost, suffering from injuries received by a tree falling on him on Thursday last. His left leg is broken above the knee, and his right leg much injured. Threo marriages of native couples were solemnised on the 18th inst., at the Coran- derrk aboriginal settlement, by the Rev. R. Hamilton. The Melbourne hounds met at the race- course gato, Flemington, at eight a.m. on Saturday ; made from there across the Salt- water river at the punt, crossed tho railway three or four miles beyond thoJunction, and had a splendid run of an hour and a half one of tho fastest of tho season-whon the deer was killed. There was not so largo a muster as usual in tho fields owing to the races at Croxton-paTk drawing off a great many sportsmen. Tho deer was run in view for nearly threo miles, and out of a field of thirty nearly half were in at the finish. On the Cth of the pi csent month Mr. George Elliot, a cordial niunufacturer in Queen street, discovered that a clerk in his employ, named Alfred Myle>, had absconded, having embezzled money to tho amount of £28 10s. He had a cheque for that ama from Messrs. Whittingham Brothers, of Bond street, on behalf of Mr. Elliot. It was after- wards discovered that Myles had gono to Twofold Bay two or threo days before the embezzlement was discovered. A warrant was taken out on the Cth inst., and informa- tion sent to Eden by telegram. Myles was arrested at that place on board the barquo Coldstream, by Sergeant Chandler. When asked who ho was, the prisoner gave tho name of Atkinson. He was brought before the police court and remanded to Melbourne. He arrived yesterday afternoon, and will bo brought beforo the City Court to- day. A public meeting of journeyman bakers was held on Saturday evening, at the Bush Inn, Elizabeth (Mr. Wm. Grant in the chair), for tho purposo of making arrangements for the carrying out of tho programme de- cided upon at a former meeting in the Trades-hall, relativo to tho short hour system. Thg secretary having offered to forego any remuneration for his services until the association was on a more satisfac- tory footing, his offer was accepted. Some discussion took place as to whether tho em- ployers had already received sufficient notice through circular, or whether it would not bo better to leave it to them to appoint a day on which they could receive a deputation of journeymen, submitting the plans of the latter ; but it was tho opinion of tho majority that this meeting should, fix the date of the deputation, as the master bakers had already received sufficient notice of the intentions of the journeymen. Mr. Birrell, a master baker who was present, considered that the meeting would be acting too hastily in appointing the day, but ultimately, on tho motion of Mr. Barrett, seconded by Mr. Birrell (journeyman), a reso- lution was carried, to tho effect " That the Gth of September, 1S69, bo tho date for com- mencing work under tho short hours pro gramme, and that the employers get notice to that effect, and that a deputation of fivo, viz., Messrs. Charles Bennott, Joseph Rams- dane, Heatly, W. Dillon, and John Smith, wait upon the employers at the Albion Hotel, at eight o'clock on the evoning of Thursday, the 26th inst., to discuss the matter with them ; also, that the secretary be instructed to communicate with the chairman of the Master Bakers' Association in the meantime, in order that they might be prepared to meet at the time and placo montioned." There were about 160 bakers present, and the pro- posed hours of work were stated to be "Commence work at four o'clock, and ten hours to be the maximum period of work." A general meeting of those interested in shooting will be held this evening, at eight p.m., at Grimwood's Hotel, Elizabeth-street, to establish a new shooting club. At a pre- liminary meeting, which took place last week, some resolutions were drawn up which will be submitted to the general meeting this even- ing, and nt tho same timo the names of those who desire to become members will be taken. The object of the promoters of this club is to establish a body that shah represent the sporting interest generally, and assist tho Acclimatisation Society as far as practicable towards protecting both the imported and native garae in the colony. With regaid to tho latter, it is felt that some alteration in the times of the close season may be advisable, and also in tho means to bo adopted towards suppressing the destruction of game during the close season. Dog shows and field trials of sporting dogs aro also mattera that may moro properly come under the supervision of a club whichshail have wider views than the mere carrying out of pigeon matches, which will nevertheless not be forgotten. Those who are in favour of establishing such a club aro requested to attend the meeting this evening. There was no football match on the Metro- politan ground on Saturday afternoon. The match played between the second twenties of the South Yarra and Carlton Clubs, at South Yarra, resulted in a victory for the visitors, who obtained the only goals of the afternoon which were kicked by Johnstone and D. Jones. The match between the Grammar school and Wesley College was evenly con- tested, and resulted in a draw, neither side having obtained a goal at the end of the day's play. The contest between the East Melbourne and Hawthorn Grammar-schools teams resulted in a complete victory for the former, Fritz Darchy splendidly kicking two goals for the East Melbourne. Among the victors Frank Darchy, Henderson, R. Taylor, Jas. Callaghan, B. Barnett, M. Carter, and Daly distinguished themselves, while Francis, Waite, Gregory, and Anderson played well for the Grammar-school. The Northcote and North Melbourne Clubs played a match in the Royal-park, which re- sulted in a victory for the former club, by Mr. Deadman kicking a goal. The following gentlemen distinguished themselves for North- cote, viz., Messrs. Dyson, Murphy, E, C. Harry, M'Narnara, Trudgeon, G. Clark, and Deadman; and for North Melbourne, Messrs. Robertson, Adamson, Alcock, and Percy. The body of a woman named Carter was found in the Tarnagulla municipal reservoir on Tuesday last, supposed to have been in tho water for some length of time. The Dunolly Express understands that tbo woman was last seen one day last week, in a state of intoxication, and it is to be feared in that condition stumbled into the reservoir, add- ing yet another victim to the insatiable bottle. "The weather continues to be fearfully dry in this neighbourhood," writes tho Bacchus Marsh Express. "The resemblance to the drought of last year is quito alarming. We have the samo daily recurrence of north- easterly winds, with frequont cloudiness of sky, but no rain." Two rowing matches took place on the Yarra on Saturday. The first, which carno off at the early hour of'seven am., in tho two sister boats recently built by Edwards, was a pair-oared race between Messrs. R. Clark and P. Mactier and Messrs. J. and F. Melville, the course being from tho Botanic-gardons to Prince's-bridgo. Clarke and Mactier obtained the lead, which they kept for more than half the distance. A crab, caught by Clarke just belowBrander's Ferry, however, had the effect of placing tho two boats upon equal terms, and a smart race home ensued, tho Melvilles winning by about a length. The winning boat was steered by R. Edwards, and tho other by Sidney. Notwithstanding tho un- usual hour, the race was witnessed by a con i siderablc number of persons, a largo propor- tion of whom were friends of the competitors. In the afternoon a cigarmakers' raco for a £5 trophy took placo between crews selected from the establishments of Lee and Barnard and T, Geyde. Tke.first crew consisted of G. Noble, Connor, P. Lee, and P. Thomp- son, with Sidney Edwards cox. ; and the op- posing crew comprised D. Cullen, E. Le Verge, S. Cunliffo, and J. Cuthbert, with W. Green- ' land cox. This íaco carne to an unsatisfac- tory termination, through Leo and Barnard's crow rowing across the river at tho baths . corner, and taking their opponeut's water. The race was rowed to the end, Leo's crew coming in first by about a length, but as a matter of courso a pro- test has been lodged by their opponents. Thoso who take an interest in aquatics will be pleased to learn that the challengo of tho , brothers Hickey, of Sydney, to row against any two men in England for £1,000, has been taken up by Jos, Benforth, tho champion sculler of England, and Jas. Taylor, another well-known rower, Tho terms proposed by the Englishmen are, that there shall bo two i events, of £500 each, viz, :-A pair-oared race and a sculling race, the latter to bo rowed between Benforth and either of tho Hickeys, and that the match shall take placo on tho Tyne. Tho visitors aro to receivo for ex- penses the sum of £200, irrespectivo of the result. This offer is under consideration by the Hickeys, and there is no doubt but that it will be accepted. The athletic sports at Geelong on Saturday, took place in the presence of nearly 3,000 people assembled on tho Corio Cricket giound. The arrangements of tho committee were excellent. The running could scarcely be considered slow, although not particularly good. Thore wero three races for the Cup, the distance being 200 yards, a quartor of a mile, and a half-milo, ïhe first was closely contested, Mahoney ultimately winning, with G. C. Carr a good second, and F. Carr third. Tbe time was 21;¿sec., the winner having nine yards start. In the second Mahoney was again victorious, doing the distance, minus sixteen yards start, in C'i^sec. Dennis did not at any time come to the front. Tho half- mile race was won by Mahoney, with G. C. Carr a good second. Time. 2min. t2^sec. Dennis, Mahoney, and Cronk started at twenty yards. F. Carr fainted in tho middle of the race, and had to be carriod off the course. Tho 100 yards Maiden Plato ivas won by W. Leake, and the 300 Yards Handicap Hurdle Race by B. J. Forsyth. J. Arthur was the first to clear the last hurdlo, but was beaten in the flat running that followed. The 150 Yards Handicap Flat Race was run in three beats, W. Leake winning by about a foot, J. Fender won tho 100 Yaids Flat Bace for youths under sixteen years of age. The .140 Yards Handicap Flat Race was well con- tested, J. Arthur was tbe first who passed the'flag, closely followed by E, Sparrow, between whom and nocking there was only a few inches, Hocking entered a protest against Sparrow on tho ground that the latter had jostled him. A steeplechase of 440 yards, will eight hurdles and a water-jump of fourteen feet, was won by J. Arthur, E. Clarke second. For the Two Mile Walking Match, F. Woodhouse (scratch), J. Wheeler (forty yards), and A. johnston (120 yards), started. After the first mile Woodhouse showed that he could win as he pleased, while Wheoler and Johnston kept close together to the end of tho race. Johnston, who is a mero boy, was loudly cheered, and did not go unrewarded, for a subscription amounting to nearly £3 was presented to the lad, Next came a velo- cipede race of two miles, for which there were seven entries, but only four com- petitors started, viz, J. Finlay, of Mel- bourne ; M. Robson, of Ballarat ; and A. Richardson, of Geelong, on bicycles ; and B, Middleton, on a tricyclo. Finlay started at scratch, Bobson leeeived 250 yards start, Richardson 300 yards, and Middleton 450. The lattor, on "Grasshopper," was nowhere from the first. Richardson kept up well for about a quarter of a mile, when he broke off, and was soon overhauled by Robson, who became an easy victor, Finlay coming in second. The sports concluded with a velo- cipede hunt, in which Bichardson and Finlay succeeded in catching Bobson. Thore was a notablo absence of card- sharpers on the ground. A meeting of tho publicans of Williams- town, convened by circular, was held on Friday evening at the Napier Hotel, Steve- dore-street, to consider what steps should be taken for the protection of the trade. The grievances complained of were that the hotel keepers of Williamstown are being constantly harassed by the police, and that when brought before tho local Bench tho highest penalty is inflicted for the first offence, no distinction whatever being made between the keepers of disorderly houses and those who conduct their business in a respectable way, Mr. George Goble occupied the chair, there being about twenty persons present." After a fewromatks from various speakers, resolutions were moved and cal ried to the effect that the meoting was of opinion that the fines inflicted by the Wil- liamstown Bench on publicans wero unneces- sarily severe and oppressive ; that the onds of justice could be met without the strict sur- veillance to which the licensed victuallers wero now subjected ; and that the necessary steps bo talton to biing these matters before the Minister of Justico and the Commissioner of Police. It was also agreed that these gentle- men should be waited upon during the on suiug week by a deputation which was ap- pointed for that purpose. The meeting then adjourned. We have Sydney papers to the 10th inst. The Herald of that date states that a parcel of diamonds had beon brought to the office of that paper, "proeuied on the land of the Australian Diamond Company, at tho Two mile-flat, and are 108 in number, the largest being one of two and a half carats. Mr. T. T Jones, the well-known jeweller of George street, who favoured us with a sight of the gems, pronounces them to be stones of the first water, We are informed that tho whole of the land in which there is any probability of diamonds being found has been taken up ,by lease under tho mining regulations. On the day previous the Herald mentions having been shown a variety of sapphires, rubies, and diamonds, more or less perfect ia character, which have beon found on and in the neighbourhood of land at Burrandong, on the Macquarie. This is well- known as a diamond locality, and is mentioned as such by the Bovi W. B. Clarke in sundry of his works on the mineralogical resources of Now South Wales." Tho Rev. W. B. Clarke's letter on the Armidale "diamond," of which we have already published the ma- terial portion, contains only one other para- graph which calls for extract. He says : " The statement Mr, Townsend gave of the size of the alleged diamond-however truth- ful it might be-showed the improbability of its identity with that minorai. For, if not more than one in ten thousand diamonds in a diamond district is, as is said, worth much consideration, how many million chances must there be against one, that a diamond larger than any hitherto known should be picked up from the surfaco of what is certainly not a diamond area 1" According to the Kyneton Guardian, " the waterworks at Malmsbury present a busier appearance than they have done since their commencement. Mr. Dwyer has now some 400 men and eighty horses employed, and is pushing on his contract with great vigour. The height of the embankment is now sixty feet, leaving only twenty feet to bo con- structed. This portion of the work, it is an- ticipated, will bo completed by the middle of September, and, with modoratelyfine weather, Mr. Dwyor hopes that every portion of his contract, with the exception of the iron valve tower, will be finished by the 1st October. Mr. Conlan's contract for clearing the bed of tho reservoir is progressing satisfactorily' Thero has been some difficulty, particulars of which we have boen unable to ascertain! over the final acceptance of Messrs. Monio and Robertson's contract for the construction, of the iron syphon pipo and woiks over tho valley of the Back Crook, but wo understand the difficulty has been removed, and that a, commencement will be immediately rando with the works, if it has not already been made." An accident, which will in all probability result fatally, occurred on Friday night, bo . tween seven and eight o'clock, at the Sand- hurst iailway station, to a man named John Langton, proprietor of the Railway Store, Goornong. " Mr. Langton had beon drinking very heavily for tho last few weeks," says the Bendigo Independent, " tho consequence of which was that ho had repeated attacks of delirium tremorn, during one of which he set firo to his dwelling, and attempted his life by stabbing himself. Under these circumstances, it was deemed advisable by some of his friends to send him down ? to Sandhurst by train, to bo thore given in charge to the polico authorities for the pur- pose of placing him under restraint till ho should recover. Accordingly, on Friday night I Langton arrived from Goornong by the train from Echuca, accompanied by a friend, who gave him into the custody of a constable at the railway station. The three were about proceeding to tho police station, having got outside tho railway building, when Langton made a sudden rush irom his companions, and darted through tho book- ing- office on to tho platform. The train was just at that moment being set in motion, and Langton made an effort to jump into ono of the carriages, but fell between two of them, and the train passed over him with- out injury so far as the wheels were con- cerned. He was at once picked up, and as he was evidently very seriously hurt, Dr. Hugh Boyd was sent for, and on his arrival recom- mended his instant removal to the hospital, to which institution he was conveyed, a stretcher and lorry having beon provided by the railway authorities. Upon examination, it was found that tho unfortunate man's spine was fractured, in addition to which injury a severe scalp wound was aho appa- rent. Every attention was promptly ren- dered, but he is gradually sinking, and thero is no hope of his recovery." The Melbourne correspondent of tho Ben- digo Advertiser relates tho following: " A stroke of what is usually called good for- tuno lately befel a poor family in Richmond. The father has been for some timo in de- clining health, and tho family have had to depend in a great raeasuro on tho relief afforded them by the Ladies' Bonovolent Society. By tho last mail came advices that a rich relative had died and left estates producing an annual revenue of £12,000, to be divided between this poor man and two others." Tlio late-sown wheat crops about Smeaton Plains, writes the Ballarat Ular, "though in some instances rather backward, ate still on the whole looking much better than the crops did this time last year. All tho early sown wheat shows remarkably well, and the early sown oats also appear very promising. Tho late bown oats in general, and thoso on low lying lands in particular, have beon much injured by the lato frosts. The crops of both wheat and oats about Ascot, Tourello, Cog hill's-creek, and Glendaruel, aro in general remarkably fine and healthy. Tho crops about Scrub-hill and the surrounding locality aro also promising." " On Monday night last, " says tho Tarren- gower'limes, "the littlo machine at Welsh- man's Reef, Sandy Croek, was stuck up by some scoundrels, and everything movable) was taken away, including buckets, ropes, quicksilver, &c.; It is not Chinamen who are suspected. T. Rewoll and party aro the prin- cipal sufferers." " Wo are very sorry to hear, " observes the Dunolly Express, " that cattle aro dying fast, owing to the present dry and frosty weather, thero not being sufficient grass to sustain them. One farmer, we hear, has lost twenty cows ; and another small dairyman, who wasi ?ruth his family, just struggling into a com- fortable position, has lost eight cows-nearly his little all. These accounts are sadly dis- tressing, and most fervently do wo hopa and pray for more rain and less frost." Among the wild sports of the interior, at which " the young barbarians play," the salu- tation of newly married people by rough music appears to be coming generally into vogue. Tho it'Ivor Times says:-" On Wednesday, a respectable young tradesman, who had re- cently been married in Melbourne, brought his bride borne to Heathcote, and had scarcely time to show her into the house, whon a lot of young ruffians commenced to produce a frightful din by beating old tins, and by yell- ing and shouting, in order to extort money from the newly married couple. We cannot help thinking that it is time tho police ex- tended their protection to people who have been guilty of no groater crime than getting married. A short time since two little boys were taken in chargo by the police, and were fined for fighting, but a mob of young mfftans aro allowed to create a disturbance in the heart of the town with impunity. We may mention that next door to the house of the offending couple, a mother was watching a sick child, and in fear that every hour would be its last. If tho polico refuse to keep order it will bo time for people to protect them- selves." Broken decanter or cruet stoppers will soon be in demand. The Clunes Guardian says : -"We were informed on Thursday evening, by a highly respectable member of tho com- munity, that he had found a largo diamond, or what ho supposed to be a diamond, some distance from Clunes. He was in high glee about the find. Pending an examination and test by a scientific man the gem can be been upon payment of a sixpenny foo, which will go to the funds of the Ladies' Benevolent Society. The weight of the diamond is four and a half ounces avoirdupois." The particulars of a violent and appa- rently unprovoked assault are thus given by tho Poitland Guardian:-"On Wednesday evening, about fivo o'clock, a Hoywood trooper named Reilly, under the influence of liquor, made a savage assault on Mr. Bur- bank, common school teacher, Palmer-street. At the time of the assault Mr. Burbank and the trooper were proceeding to the private residence of the superintendent of polico, and when noar the place Reilly suddenly dealt Burbank a blow with his fist, which knocked him down ; he rose, was knocked down a second time, and thon was kicked and beaten all over the body. Under the attack Bur- bank became partially if not wholly insen- sible, and was only rescued from tho danger- ous position in which he was by the prompt interference of Mr. Robertson, who, at some personal danger, with other assistance, dragged Roilly asido till Burbank could bo removed into the houso of Mr. Barclay ; and this was at once done. The usual remedios wero applied to restore Burbank, who was finally carried home in a buggy, and Dr. Brewer sent for, whilst Reilly was removed to the polico barrack, and there placed under tho custody of two constables." "A frightful accident occurred on Wednes- day at tho Tullaroop Racecourse to a man named Martin, travelling with sheep for Messrs. Booth and Argyle, of the Durham Ox, to the Ballarat market. Ho was showing the paces of his horse," writes tho Maryborough Advertiser, "and attempted to leap.ovortho fence in front of the grand stand, when one of the horso's bind feot caught between two of tho palings, and Martin was precipitated with great force to tho ground. He was taken up insensiblo, with blood oozing from his mouth, nose, and ears, and was imme- diately attended by Drs. Laidman and Daua. Martin was removed to Kirk's Hotel, Caris- ! brook, where ho remains in an extremely precarious condition." ''Scarcely a Government Gazette appears," says the Talbot Leader,, " that does not con- tain some notification of land to be sold in1 the neighbourhood of Talbot, and with thoi publication is the announcement that it is to bo put up at Castlemaine, Ballarat, or some other place a considerable distance from here. The prevalence of this practice causes a- considerable ^amount of inconvenience to intending purchasers, and it is one for tho perpetuation of which we can see no rea- son. Thero has not beon a land sale at Talbot for more than a year, and since then tho lots offered and purchased have been numerous and valuable ; even during the current year the quantity advertised for sale has been no less than 1,280a, lr. 7p. This land has been situated nearer to Talbot than to any other of the surrounding towns, but the purchasers have had to go in nearly every case either to Castlemaine or Ballarat before they could record their bids." The Bendigo Independent of Saturday last contains a highly interesting paper on the Chinese colony in that district. Tho writor states that " the Chinese population of Vic toriaamounts to obout20,000, andof this num- ber there aro about 3,000 on Bondigo. Tho average earnings per week of each trade or calling are as follow :-Doctors, £1 ; carpen- ters, £1 ; blacksmiths, £1 ; shooraakcrs, £1 . barbers, £1 10s. ¡ diggers, 10s.; shopkeepers, £1 10s.; gardeners, £1 10s.; wash-mongors, Os. When business is rather slack in any of the above trades they generally find it con- venient to adopt that of night marauders. By the above figures it will bo seen that China- men carn littlo moro than a baro living. Yut out of this rniserablo pittance one-seventh is spent in opium. And if they chance to earn more than the average amount, their las civiousness will not allow them to bo parsi- monious." Tho theatrical event of Saturday was tho reappearance at tho Theatre Royal of Mrs. Robert Heir, who, after a somowhat length- ened absenco from Victoria, has come hero to recruit her own dramatic company (in Graham's Town, Now Zealand), and has been good enough to revisit for six nights the boards on which her chief Australian triumphs were achieved. It was not wonder- ful that tho expectation of seeing once moro so great a favourite drew a densely crowded audience, especially in the more popular portions of the thoatre. The play was "Masks" and Faces," and when Mrs. Heir made her appearance as Peg Woffing ton, the house-ia old-fashioned parlanco rose at her, so enthusiastic was the ap- plause, so great tho pleasure which tho re- union afforded, Tho actress could not but keenly feel the compliment which circum- scribed a thousand old associations and sympathetic recollections, and it required an effort to enable her to proceed with the part. This was assumed with all her accustomed grace, force, and liveli- ness ; each step and senteuco reviving her well-remembered mannerisms. This last phrase is not ungracious, for it means that she is so completely unchanged, that her recent travels have in no way deteriorated her acting, while herappearanco makes itshameful to remember dates against her. We will not, at this moment, apply criticism to her per- formances, hut record tho fact that tho audience never tired of plaudits, and each telling speech, or thrilling change of situa- tion, was the signal for applause. Otherwiso tho piece was well cost, and, savo traces of hurried rehearsals, fairly pcrformod. " Masks and Faces" is mainly a "character" play, and. one which forces actors out of their ordinary grooves ; so that mediocrity is com- paratively excusable, while merit deserves unusual praise. In this light the nearest approach to perfect representation was the Colloy Cibber of Mr. Rogers ; tho Mrs. Vano of Miss Carry George, and Ernest Vane of Mr. Ireland, both evincing oxcollonce. The concluding picco was the " Bride of Abydos," once a burlesque-extravaganza, but now described in tho play-bills as a "scream- ing farce." Its object is to introduce the "Astounding, Hair- lifting, and Blood-chil- ling Feats of Tho Bounding Bricks ol Williamstown," and the humour of Mr, Harwood, who worthily monopolises tho iu tereBt of the various situations. Mr3. Heil is announced to appear in "East Lynne' this evening. As the history of " Weston's New Opera house" since its opening has been one ol highly entertaining performances and crowded audiences so it continuos, for the well deserved success of the entrepreneurs does not seem to abate one jot. Tho Ethiopian farce, "BlackStatuo," a highly amusing pro- duction, constitutes a prominent feature oi the programme, . Mr. T. C. Stanbrough's letter is much toe long for publication. A military concert takes placo this even ing, in the Carlton Orderly-room, in aid of the band fund of the Carlton Rifles. Mr. W. A. Wilkinson gives a concert al tbe town-hall, Prahran, on Wednesday even ing next, in which Mr. Horsley will tal« part. Thero were 150 bil ths and fifty-one death registered in the metropolitan and suburbar districts during tho week ending the 14tl August. All the districts continuo to bl favourably reported on. The number of visitors to tho Nation» Musoums of natural history, geology, ant economic geology applied to mining, agricul ture, and the arts, for the week ending 14 ti August, was 1,599. At the Melbourne Gaol on Saturday, then wero under detention 31G prisoners, classiliet as follows :-For trial before the Supremi Court, 10 ; beforo magistrates, 10 ; military pri soiicrs, 14; road gang, 5; hard labour, 12G males 01 females ; imprisonment only, 50 males, II females ; lunatics, 4 ; in default of bail, l-l debtor, 1. Total, 237 males, 79 fomales. A meeting is to bo held this evening, at th National-hall, Fitzroy, to explain the rules o the Second Industrial Building Socioty, whiol has been started hythe shareholders in tin Industrial Building Society under favourabli auspices, 1,000 shares having been airead; up. The Hon. G, llarker will tako the chai at half-past seven o'clock. A concert of vocal and instrumental musí was given at the Williamstown Mechanics Institute, on Saturday evening, by Madam Simonsen, assisted by other talunted artists Tile entertainment Was divided into threi parts, and consisted of selections from "Li tionnambula," "Masaniello," " La Favorita,' "Tho Bohemian Girl," and other oporas. 1 large and respectable audience witnessed th performances, which were well recoived. A rather large amount of monoy being re- quired for the repairs of the Common School at Heidelberg, of which Mr. C. Mattingley is the master, two energetic ladies - Mesdames Toy and Dunn - undertook to get up a ball upon the co-oporative principle. Whilst dis- posing of the tickets, they canvassed for do- nations in kind towards the refreshments. The result was a complete success. The ball took place on Thursday evening, and it is ex- pected that upwards of £20 will be realised for the building fund, which, supplemented by the Board of Education, will make a total of £40 - a result entirely owing to the exer- tions of Mesdames Toy and Dunn. 