NEW ZEALAND. 'The Genuine Article.' — The Wanganui Chronicle makes the following remarks on the subject of ' Maori heads :' — ' Thus wrobe Colonel Whitmore to the Defence Minister, afber he had paid fifty pounds for the head of Nikora, over which he said Nikora's wife wept bitterly. It now appears that Nikora, so far from being killed, was not even wounded, and that accord ing to latest advices, he is actively engaged as Te Kooti's fighting general. Rangiaho is also in the land of the living, and without wound or scratch actively engaged against us. Te Kooti's wounds also turn out a myth, and insbead of 'every man of note being killed,' the £50 paid for a head said to be that of Nikora has been paid for a head foisted upon Colonel Whitmore as that of the fighting chief, which is still fixed upon his shoulders. 'Thus much for 'heads,' but still we indulge the hope that the three brought in by Kemp and his men are those of the chiefs mentioned, and that unlike those of Nikora and Rangiaho their ghosts will not again arise to laugh at our beards, and defiantly whirl the tomahawk in the faces of the affrighted settlers. As a general rule somebhing like an inquest should be held upon heads for which a price is offered, that no spurious articles may be pawned off upon the Colonial Treasury chest at £5C a piece while they are intrinsically worth no more than the powder and ball expended upon them. We believe it has been shown that con siderably over a ton weight of ammunition has been expended for every Maori shot during the last six or seven years. The cost per head at that rate is very considerable, and before we pay from £50 to £1,000 for heads we should adopt measures to ascertain that the article paid for is genuine and not spurious. In fact there is considerable danger of a trade in the sale to Government of spurious heads springing up that will cast in the shade all the quack medicines that flourish in the columns of newspapers throughout every part of the civilized world. We do not object to the ' reward' even from £50 to £1,000 or upwards, but let us have the genuine article as ' value received' for our hard cash, and no one will complain or say that the price is exorbitant.' Catholic Cemetery, Symonds street. — We have with pleasure noticed the very great im provements which have been recently made in the above cemetery. It is now surrounded with a substantial fence of posts, rails, and palings, which will altogether prevent injury being done to the grounds by cattle and goats. A number of pleasant walks have been laid out and gra velled. We hear it is the intention of the Very Rev. Father Walter M 'Donald to plant a num ber of choice trees there, iu addition to those already planted by him. The pretty church of St. Francis of Sales, which is already an orna ment to the grounds and locality, besides being a convenience to the Catholic residents of the district, is in course of being newly painted, as well as the handsome stato at the entrance. The exertions of Father Walter M 'Donald in raising funds for the erection of this church, and also for the improvement of the cemetery, are praise worthy iu the extreme. And we cannot omit mentioning the goodwill that was manifested by Colonel Beaston while commanding, and subse quently by Colonel Elliot, in kindly permitting ? i ? LJ f'; parties of men from the 2nd battalion of the 18th I Royal Irish to give valuable assistance in the for- - ; mation of the walks and other improvements ' connected with the cemetery. While passing to and fro along Symonds-street, we have frequently 1 noticed the zeal of these men in performing :-\ their share of this laudable work.- -Southern 5! Cross, Auckland. ? ' ?) ? . ? . l ;j 