GENERAL NEWS. THE first agricultural area in Suutb Australia has been declared open for selection at the end of next month. Tbe first selection price will be £2 per acre. It is reported that a discovery of coal has been made at Chenkford, in the North of the same colony. THE electors of the district of Kennedy have elected John Bright, of England, as their representative in the Parliament of Queensland, it being their desire to show that they are in favor of separation from the mother country. Mr. J. E. SERISIER is waking another attempt in his vineyard at Eumalga Plain, about seven miles south of Dubbo, to cultivate the vine. Last year he must have lost nearly £1,000 on this speculation, owing to the drought and the failure of the cuttings which had "been planted. Ten men are now employed in planting 70,000 cuttings, and from the mildness of the season so far there is every prospect of his perseverance being rewarded with success.—Dispptch. WE hear that Mr. Eales, who has recently commenced squatting on the Barwon and Bokira, has purchased 640 ewes and 40 rams from the celebrated breeder, Mr. N. P. Bayly, J.P., Uavilab," Mudgee. The price paid was £2 10s. per head for the ewes, and £? for the rams. After this, who will be bold enough to deny that " blood tells."—Dubbo Dispatch. THE LATEST THING IN SPIRITS.—The latest wonder of science and art—and the incredulous will doubtless say of humbug and imposture—is the alleged ability of a well known pbotograpic artist in New York to take the likenesses of the spirits of one's departed friends—at the same time and by the ame operation as the likeness of the living ubject. Mr. William H. Miimler of No. 630, Broadway, having asserted that he can prouce and has produced numerous photoraphic pictures containing the likenesses of eceased persons, simultaneously and accom- panying the pictures of living sitters. LOCKING RIVEBS.— A correspondent at d Wilcannia 6ends the following to the Empire : o —"Out of the rows of the steamers our townspeople are now turning their attention to the navigation of the Darling. And I bear e a public meeting is about to be held to take steps in the matter previous to the meeting of Parliament. There is no question as to the easy facilities the river presents for the object in view, but the question on which we seem to differ is whether to dam or lock; but this, I think, should be left open for the Government. Tbe dams would have a great advantage over the locks, inasmuch as it would always keep the river full, and wonld also throw water for miles along each side of the river into the billibongs and creeks with which the country abounds, so that in fact it would be like a double frontage. And from tbe very level nature of tbe country, irrigation might be made very easy, and a new industry might spring up, such as the growing of sugar cane, cotton, and tobacco. Our land and climate are well adapted, and all that is wanted is water. I also think that such n body of water being kept in tbe country would have a great effect on the moisture of the atmosphere. It may not be known to many of your readers that salt proved by analysis equal to the best Liverpool, is now manufactured on a sale lake near the Paroo River, and distant about sixty miles from Wilcannia. It can be bad at nearh' half the price that Livsrpool salt costs, and a single trial might prove the proprietors worthy of patronage." I if reference to our topographical nomenclature, the Xywton Observer remarks that the native names may be relied upon as being not only not unmeaning, but descriptive and appropriate to a degree. It is a fact that scarcely a bend in a river or creek, scarcely a mountain or glen, nay, scarcely a rock, mound, or waterhole, but has been carefully and appropriately named by its aboriginal possessors. Take, for - instance, the name ' Echuca.' The word literally means ' tbe meeting of the waters/ and it is here, or close by, that the Campaspe and the Goulburn pour their waters into the Murray. And apropos of that, what an apology for a name is that conferred upon the father of our Australian streams. At Albury, and above that place, the stream is known variously as the Murray or the Hume. Are not .the native names far preferable ? By the natives the infant river is called ' Indi,' by tbe lower river blacks 'Millooie/ or ' Millewa,' both of which are at once euphonious, simple, and appropriate. We could multiply instances where positive wrong has been inflicted upon localities by the absurd names foisted upon them, but these are too well known to render it necessary for us to do so. 1 ' A FIRST- CLASS GHOST STORY is just now going the round of the papers. It appears tbat three men who were employed in splitting rails near Young, were " one moonlight night much startled by speing in the bush near their hut a white object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary looking object suddenly before their eyes sprang up into a white spectre about eight feet high. Tbey called out to it, but could get no reply—struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and one another!" Other strange things happened to tbe three railsplitters, such as the appearance of a sort of animal like a dog, having a chain round his neck. A gun was fired at the animal point blank, but without damaging him, and on the next night the three men found that the roof had been taken off their hut while tbey were asleep. The three men are said to be highly respectable, and the strange events which tbey narrate are attributed by the shepherds in the locality to the fact that a man was murdered some years ago at the place where these things happened, and that his ghost is often seen there. IK the Argus of Saturday last appeared a somewhat singular advertisement, informing thirty- four persons that remittances had arrived, which were lying for them at the Bank of New South Wales.- The Argue, on inquiry, fonnd out that the persons addressed were men convicted of Fenianism, transported for their treason to Western Australia, and whose sentences have been commuted by the British Government. Our contemporary allows that-the Imperial Government'had of course a perfect right to remit the punishment to whicb these Eenians were condemned^-but adds that Victoria is not . obliged to Jeeeiv£" them, and sbe should not The Itifliix of Criminals Prevention Act gives ample power to prevent this, and never could that power be more righteously exercised than in case. It is, the Argus points out evident that none of these Fenian convicts have any right to come to this colony until after the lapse of at least three years from the period of the expiration of their sentences. The statute enacting this very desirable safeguard is still unrepealed, and tbe Government should not hesitate to enforce its provisions. Fortunately Fenianism has never made any progress worthy of notice in Victoria; but in this tbe Argus sees no reason why we should allow nearly forty Fenian convicts to land and spread their pestilent doctrines amongst the ignorant and unwary. SELLING GRAIN BV THE CENTAL.—As a rule (says the Argus) farmers are not directly interested in commercial questions, but an exception is to be found in that part of the business transacted by the delegates from the Chamber of Commerce to the conference at Sydney which relates to the sale of grain. One of the resolutions adopted was in favour of the introduction of a system of selling all kinds of grain as well as flour by the cental of 1001b. We have certainly simplified the English system, and use tbe bushel for all kinds of grain, and of tbe same weight for each, except in regard to maize, either whole or crushed ; but a bushel of wheat by weight is very different from a bushel of oat6, and very much trouble would be saved if all were sold by the cental and ton alike, as flour is now. Calculations would be " very much simpler, and no possible ^inconvenience could arise to any class. Tbe value of tbe decima system has been fully proved in other countries, and this would be about the best way to make a beginning with it here. A NURSE named Ann Grant, in the Industrial School near Melbourne, has been charged with having caused the death of a child belonging to the school by neglect and improper treatment. One of the witnesses said that she bad seen her feed the child with cow's milk, although she had plenty of nourishment for it, and notwithstanding that an order was issued by tbe doctor that cow's milk was not to be given to a child under four months old. She seldom gave it the breast. Had heard the prisoner say, " the s will never die,"' and on another ccasion the prisoner said, " Why don't you die, you little devil; I have been waiting long enough for you." Dr. Neild, who had xamined the body, said tbe gullet was blocked up by a hard curdy mass. The cause of death was disease of the digestive organs, in all probability brought on by indigestible food being given to the child. BCSH LIBRARIES.— Referring to the recent gift of books as a nucleus for the formation of a Library at Ten Mile Creek, the Yass Courier remarks:—"We believe there is not a neighbourhood where such collections of books could not be made. The small contributions of those who would be the -first to benefit by such a local institution would, no doubt, be supplemented by some richer residents, and the advice of some judicious person would be tbe safe guide to tbe formation of the library. Mechanics' institutions are springing up rapidly wherever there is a centre of population, but their operation must be confined to a limited area. There is, however, no necessity for the farmer, or his laborer, to go without literary information and amusement although his occupation has withdrawn him from our towns and villages. , l The means are simple. The squatters in their several neighbourhoods should make a beginning; every cluster of farmers should gather a joint collection of books of utility and interest, and where it would be inconvenient, owing to distance, for " readings " to take place, the volumes could be passed from hand to hand until they returned by a rotatory motion to their original depository. 