^ovRy&uMmn; r. TDDQB MBTMOTT hasqulte a down upon publicans. The otherday he gave^tipaTarnvrorth innkeeper and heavy, because, iq hia Knnor'B opinion, the publican's score was larger than it should haver&en; ; uiad jgm ftj&'im. iifjiictingfive 1 pound pou^ penalty upon anotfllr anotffer licensed victui victualler fofgetting'upa r bitofar^^ vants. In the. course of a,moral! lecture jthich the Judge delivered to the last-named offender be Baid^'Pp.blicanp above all other men'should try to, koep sober^and Jiat permit eny one elpejto -get drenk "—from. wblob we infer tbaj; it is easier to point out the proper road than to follow if. A bag of cracksman's tools, "including about fifty skeleton key», together with files, punches, and the rest, has been fouodin -the river, not far from Wagga Wagea. TheySiad evidently. been but a short time in the water. The Hon. J. B. Wilson is succeeding^better as an itinerant lecturer on the advantages of teetotalism than he did-as Minister for Lands. His address at Morpeth was well received and is highly spoken of. ,A boy ten years of age waB knocked down and trampled tif|p> by a horseman whu was galloping through George street early in the week. The lad was seriously injured. Mr. J. C. Petersi the spirit merchant, was kicked in the back by one of the racehorses at Homebusb The injury is regarded as serious. A woman named 6ox cut her throat at Dubbo some days ago. The doctors are trying to save her life, but it IB by no means clear that such lives are worth saving. Very extensive bush fireBare prevailing throughout the Western district Three witnesses for the Crown have just been obliged to walk six hundred miles to give evidence in a case of forgery—and all to no purpose ; for almost immediately after their arrival in Wellington, the case was postponed until tlvgfiext Quarter Sessions A settler's barn and haystacks were recently burned near Orange. The loss is estimated at £300. We observe tbntinceudiarism is suspected A similarly destructive fife occurred about the same time in another part of tbat district. It is related as a wonderful occurrence that a witness was lately able to swear to a bullock by "his eojjhtenappe. How doeB any man distinguish between bi| nobranded neighbors but by the difference in the expression of their faces? They were obliged to postpone their Easter sports at Balhurst on account of the rain. Henry Cole, a Sydney bookseller, has obtained ajudgment for £25 and costs, against the Mayor and Aldermen of. that city, for an unauthorised levy upon,his etock in trade. The average number of inmates in the Port Mncggsrie Destitute Asylum is 144, and the expenses are as follows:— Salaries, Rations, £1082 8s; Contingencies, £235 lsVsd Clothing, £136 6s 31; making a total of £2067- 19s Id, or £14 7s 2£d per head. James Dixson, a jeweller by trafle, died very suddenly a few days ago. An inquest was fceld^ and the jury found that death had been occasioned 5 by disease of the heart. A dinner was given by His Excellency the Governor, to the members oif both Houses of Parliament on the 31st ult: The object was to affords the minor luminaries of the Assembly an opportunity of sitting at the same table with Big Eoyal Highness—and wc arc glad tg,6ay even the Dignams and Stewarts conducted themselves "with moderate propriety on this eventful occasion. The gathering was in the Chamber of the Legislative Assembly, which was transformed Into a banqueting room for this occasion. ^ "' Tbe Duke of Edinburgh placed the keystone of the principal arch of the new Post Office on Thursday. The stone was embellished with the Royal Arms on Its front, and those of the Duke are to be placed underneath. The clergyman and church wardens of St. Peter's Church lately waited upon a retiring office- bearer to present him with a bible. It is to be hoped that this was not intended as gentle hint that lie ought to be.some what better acquainted with the contents of that sacred volume. A boy was tried at the Mudgee Quarter Sessions for attempting to take his life. He had confessed the crime, but the jury disbelieved what he said, and so they acquitted him. It is notjgtated w «£ thBr tbe b °y' B falher discharged a very important parental duty when the lad reached home. The Prince's entertainments on board tbe Oalatea were prolonged until five in the morning. It is stated that 600 persons were present. • The Ritualists have advanced another slop ; they now offer prayers for tbe dead. Nor is this confined to the dark places of the earth. It is proved to have tbe Eanction of St. John's College, Oxford. A Publican at Walgett has beon fined for being without hay. He urged In extenuation that' hay is not mentioned in the act; but' the Cuurt very ftnBibly said, both hay nnd corn were included in the obligation to provide " usual provender." The most extensive snake story of the season comes from Victoria, where a Mr. O'Connor and nine other persons pursued a carpet snake twenty five feet long! The Bendlgo paper states that the pursuers could not overtake the monster they describe. An iguana, ten feet seven inches long, was recently killed on the Mclntyre river. The fact is vouched for by a correspondent of the Maitland Mercury. The Grafton Police Magistrate's horse has been recaptured, and so was the thief. The animal had been pretty well ridden, for he was eighty miles from his own stable when overtaken. We understand Capt. Hill has ^vested in a door-lock since this occurrence. A concert was receutly given in the Parramattu Lunatic Asylum, for tbo entertainment of tho lunatics I Perhaps the reader may think the performers, as well as the promoters of the movement were as crazy as the audience. We can't help his conclusions. Tho yield of wheat In South Australia is ascertalned to bo upwards of fivo millions of bushels. Last year it was two and a half millions. The average for the whole colony was a fraction under ten bushels per acre. Tho question has been debated in England whether curates or rabbits are most prolific. Lord Granville,]tho present Secretary fur the Colonic*> has entered warmly into the dlscuaaictn ppses to klU^off ihe;*»1>bits, bpt .he does wba| he meatiB ;to do with the curates.^! 'A Bible has been'presented to Miss Alpass oiy Mfr"retiring from the Njewcaat|^Suiiday School,) in. which she ha,B been a teacher. We suppose Che ypung |a^y in ab^at to be married, andlhfere-"* forejoifi^witii theleachers who presented thebible ' in Wishing Miss A1 pasjjppvery Kapplnesa'ib her new an^^poriant spliere of 'usefulness." Another Rev. Mr. Bodif'has takeo . charge of the Church it ^Newcastle. .He is described " one oHfce mont eminent/livinea in the oolbbj^" The Rev. G. C. Bode has „epjoyed better health since be left the «oene of his former labors. . A ghost, somewhat resembling jt servant girl; has lieen frightening the younsmen at Newoastle out of their propriety. "I'he ghoBt ;HAB, however, been captured, and the alarm is eubi-idiog. The crops on the'Paterson look splendidly since the rain. A great daal of Manning River wheat is being sown in that district. In a case recently tried at Singleton, a woman sued ber husband for maintenance. In ^answer to the claim, 'it was proved that tb^ lady had been, too intimate with' some other man, but Mrs. Frazer denied all this, and-surely she ought to know. The Bench diHnissed the claim. Tbe " Priest of East Maitland" advertises tbat he has a sum of money ready to hand over to any claimant who makes his appearance during the next three months. It seems to be " treasuretrow," and somebody has been in possession of it about a twelve- month, but his conscience now compels bim to adopt this method of fiuding the owner. A woman named Brow n has been found dead in Druitt Street. It is supposed that she was murdered. A thirsty soul recently rushed into a public bouse in the highest state of excitement, and called for brandy, sayiug he bad been bitten by a snake. .Brandy In large doses was contiuuousladministered by " mine host," until the patient became very drowsy, when be mnde his will, and then fell fast asleep. The next morning the man was all right, except that he bad a badfuadacbe. A doctor happening to pass by, the landlord, whose suspicions began to be awakened, asked him to look at the wound, when the imposture was at once discovered. " Mine hoBt " has not yet been paid for bis brandy. In New Zealand, representatives of the outside districts, and all members of the Provincial Council, are hereafter to receive two pounds a week as their wages. How liberal! A case of Port Wine was,lately found imbedded io the channel of the Murruaibidgee, where it was deposited by tbe great 8<>od of 1852. The finders opened a bottle on the spot, and found its contents by no means disagreeable. A boy 11 years of age not long ago robbed, and afterwards attempted to murder bis mother. The precocious young rascal is in custody. Excellent Steam Coal has the Clarence river. " ARGUS."—We cannot publish a communication bearing this signature—it being clearly libelous. But we have no objection to say, hypothetically,,that if a constable or any body else has affixed the clerk's signatnre to a summons, without the knowledge and consent of that officer, he haB committed a very serious offence ; ,.and furthermore the so-called sum mons is 'a nullity to all intents and purposes! We w„ —j need scarcely —-I- -JJ add n.-f that no person «v? $£: under any obligations to obey a writ thus isBued. "V^e suspect, however, that the paper in the defendant's hands is only a copy. so, the true question is, whether the summoning officer may copy the signature as well as the body of a writ. We believe that, as a rule, the clcrk makes out both copy and original, but we cannot remember any decision rendering a copy made by another inoperative. Nor can wc sec anything illegal in such an act, or any serious inconvenience that would be likely to ariso even should such a practice,, become general, since the defendant is entitled to a sight of tho original when the copy is Borved upon him. Upon the whole, it seems to us. the defendant has been leniently dealt with so far and we have.no right to. anticipate what is to come hereafter. TEE FLOOD.—Later iuformation enables us to say that the amount of damage done by the recent flood is inconsiderable—but a foot or two more would have been attended with very serious results. We are afraid the inhabitants of some of the other rivers have fared worse than our. selves, but no reliable information has come to h and. A SHEER-WALK TO IJET—As there are only two flocks of sheep grazing in tho township at present, we think room could be made for a few more • It does not matter whether the owner haB any land hereabouts or not—he can trespass on other people's property as the flocks already here are doing. One thing, however, we may remark in confidence—it iB rather doubtful whether the inhabitants Will submit to this nuisance muoh longer. They certainly will not if they have spirit enough to say bo! to a gooBC,. Tho Agricultural Socicty did not meet at Wingham last Monday. It was raining, and the rivers and creeks were up in all directions, so that only those who were provided with wings could rcach tho Court House ton the day appointed. Another meeting is now advertised, but the weather is yet as unsettled as the views of some of the members. Better luck to the Society, and better weather on their meeting day, may now form thc'subjcct of all our aspi rations. THE MAILS.—As might have been expectcd the mails have beon in a perfect state of confusion all the week, and some of them are still missing. On Sunday last no mails were received from, or dispatched anywhere. On Monday Red Bank came in, and on Tuesday, Gloucester Stroud, and Sydney. Since that time no mail from the metropolis bus come to hand. The Wingham mail was detained at the Cedar Party until Thursday, and that from Port Macquarie somewhere else until the same day. Even then it brought no £cmpsey mail. With this ex. planation it will be readily seen why tho NEWS doeB not contain as much general information U usual. AiriFQOWiWWe -^jbrstajtd- that the jkEard of theaFtre Xing haying, died very raoenly at the Heads,^aa inquest has since, been be!d. ;As there coald be sb medical testimonyaddtu&L;, awl tb&tpu; WaS no pretenoe o'f fouTjil&y;, but one verdiot'Waa possible—" Died PapEoo AOTo^wnPABLUJikNT.'—tt will be seel! by our ustfkd reoord. tliaV^afli'ament was prorogued on Thursday morning. The proclamation states that it will meet again on the 11th of May ; bat this is .not very likely. .. i-i/^t*' ADELAIDE FLOVB.—The prioe has gone up to £16 per ton in Sydney, and the market iaalmoBt bare. Other sorts are^nnch eheaper. DEPABTUBB OF THE PaiNCS.—The Oalatea is understood to have . left Sydney on Saturday last. The -Prince intends to return to this colony, after visiting New Zealand. He JeaveB ns now more popular, if poBBible, than he was £eforP"' "•'"..:': it'. •-• ••. -EVIIBF TOS VOLTJKB.—With this issue we terminate the sixteenth quarter of the NEWS. Next Saturday we shall enter upon' the fifth year of our exiatenoe. * 