THE HUMBLER MARTYRS OF THE ENGLISH REFORMATION. The above was the subject of the last of a series of lectures given by the Rev. W. Scott-Moncrieft", at St. Paul's Rooms, on. Monday evening last. There was a good attendance and the meeting was spirited. The lecturer having glanced at the per secutions in the 14th and .15th centuries, . and noticed the immoral practices of Ro man ecclesiastics, which paved the way for the introduction of the Reformation, and having pasted over several other instances of martyrdoms in the reigns of the later Henries, said he proposed more especially to bring before his hearers a few pictures drawn from the records we possess of the fearful persecution in the reign of her who would ever go down in English history as " bloody Queen Mary." The records we possess are cpncise and authentic ; and although there have always been Roman Catholics ready to say that we are not to ""believe good old Foxe, and although there are those pretending to belong to the Church of England who have never missed an opportunity of sneering at Foxe, yet he was glad to know that Mr. Froud, an historian of great authority, who certainly was acknowledged by all learned men to bo most patient and careful m his re searches into original document, bears testimony to the truthfulness of Foxe, and said that whenever that old English marty- rologist was able to verify his statements from his own personal information, he is to be depended on. At the time of Foxe many were living who had lived in Queen Mary's reign, and documents were before him which we do not now possess. In speaking of the martyrdoms in the time of Mary's days whose heresy was noto rious, no attempt was made to lay hands upon thorn ; for the queen and her advisers durst not strike whenever there was any danger that they would be struck in return, and so they went out into the . highways and hedges and laid violent hands on tue poor, i he lame, the blind, and the halt ; they took the weaver from his loom ; the carpenter from his. bench ; the husband man from the plough-tail, and made them the victims of their fierce and cruel bi gotry. The persecution lasted three years, and during that time something less than 300 persons were burned at the stake. That number was, however, small compared with the hecatombs that were slain in France and the Netherlands. Amongst our co-religionists oil the con tinent, Home was let loose to gratify to the utmost her wolfish appetite for blood. The Huguenots in France and the noble- hearted Protestants in the Netherlands perished by thousands. "We might thank Almighty. G-od that British soil never' was stained by such amartydom as that of St. Bartholomew's Day ; and that no. British- soldier had disgraced himself like the de testable Alva, who carried his arms through the Netherlands, burning and destroying all who abjured the authority of the Pope. But whilst in many.other coun tries a much larger number suffered,. yet the 300 Protestants who perished in this country effected by God's grace, a greater work than the thousands did elsewhere ; for they perished leaving behind them those who never would forget the noble, con stancy with which they suffered, and thus it was that the " blood of the marty'-s became the seed of the Church." In the Netherlands this was not the case, for' so terrible had . been the persecution", ' that the Protestants were completely extermi nated. In 1553, Queen Mary ascended the throne, and very soon the Protestants begau to learn that another ruler than the gentle aud pious King Edward VI. had succeeded to the crown of England.; Im mediately orders were issued commanding the restoration of the. mass in all the churches of the land. Ecgiuald Pole, the famous English Cardinal, was then in exile, but no sooner did ho hear that Mary, his relative, was on the throne, than he was anxious to get back. Mary on her part was quite as anxious that he should return, but she had some awkward gentlemen to deal with in the House of Commons, aud she was obliged to tell him to be cautious and bide bis time. She was afraid to bring the chief persecutor into this country until she had made her position more se cure. In l55f , having packed the House of Commons, and created a Popish peerage, the queen re-ordained the persecuting edict for the burning of heretics. Passing over the martyrdoms of Cranmcr, Eidley, Eatimer, and the other eminent men .who had' perished at that time, the lecturer confined his attention to the accounts given of the martyrdom of individuals in the humbler walks of life. The first he noticod was that of "William I-Iuuter, aged 19, i a London apprentice, who in 1551 was de tected taking air interest in certain pri soners who bad been condemned to death for heresy. He was suspected, and brought before Bonner, bishop of London, and charged with heresy. The bishop ap peared to be touched by his youth ; and promised him that if lie would recant, he should not go through the humiliating ce- , rcmony of having to bear a faggot in public to show that he deserved to be burnt, but had been pardoned through the clemency of his judges. Bonner told . him, "You, need not bear the faggot ; you recant just between you and mo. Just say that- you acknowledge the bread to be the body of Jesus. , That will do for your conscience," Hunter told the bishop that if he would let conscience alone, he would take care that it did not. trouble either himself or any one else. The poor boy was sent to ;pri- son, and fed on bread, and water, being kept in that state for three-quarters of a year. His lpother/ came to him and said -' she thanked Alinighty God that he had- given her a son who was not ashamed to confess. the Lord Jesus Christ. He had several interviews with the bishop, but re maining true to his principles, he was at length condemned to be burnt to death. When ho was fastened to the stake, it was a cloudy day, and the young martyr burst out, " Son of God, shine upon me," and as if to show that his prayer was heard, im mediately the clouds broke and the ray of the sunlight shone upon his face. His parents stood near, and both thanked God for his constancy, and prayed that he might hold out to the end. The torch was applied to the wood, the smoke rose, and he mercifully perished before the ilamcs had injured him much. The next picture was that of a man sixty-eight years of age, named liawlings White, a fisher man of the town of Cardiff. He was brought up in his early years amongst the Papists and his conversion took place in Edward the Sixth's time. He was quite unable to read ; but the truth of the Gos pel had crone home to his heart, and brought peace and joy, and comfort there. It is written that " out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh." He got his little boy to read to him, and hav ing a good memory, his mind soon became stored with the precious truths of the Gospel; and he became' an "itinerant preacher throughout all the neighbour hood of Cardiff. A change took place when Queen Mary ascended the throne, and his friends earnestly entreated him to shift for himself, so notorious had lie became as a " Gospeller." He replied that he' had learned one good lesson touching the confession of Christ, and that was if lie shrank from confessing Hini, Christ would deny him at the last day. He accordinly remained where he was, a dili gent and fearless worshipper of the only true God. He was arrested, and brought before the bishop of the diocese to -answer the charge of heresy. ' The bishop seemed struck with the venerable appearance of the old figherman. He had some know ledge of the Gospel and was to some ex tent acquainted with its doctrines. Being moved towards him, he hit upon a plan by which he hoped to seduce him., from the faith of Christ. He said. " Let us prau," to which- the old man cheerfully assented. Thebinhop offered up a prayer, and then they rose from their knees. A procession procession now entered the chamber bear ing the consecrated host. The bishop, priests, land attendants, of course, all dropped immediately in adoration before it. One man alone stood erect in that assembly ; it was the old fisherman of Cardiff. " Good peosle," he. cried, " if there be any brethren,' or ' but. bne brother amongst you here, bear witness at tKeDay of Judgment that. I bow. not Iqlthis idol." Ittwas;''.efibiighJ"the bishop! nfr td pray with him a- speedy senterice- was pronounced, aud he was condemnedtto be burnt. "When brought to the stake; he told the smith to make the rivet fast, ob serving that the flesh was still strong, and ho feared least he should at the last, moment be tempted tempted to deny his Lord. But ho remained true and faith ful, the torch applied to the faggots, and he died witnessing to the last. 'There was a worthy linnen-draper, named Thomas "Watts, who having discouercd the Peal of Great Price, was diligent in proclaiming the Gospel at Bellertcay, in Essex. That was sufficient to excite the suspicion 6f the llomish priests,. who could not endure to see a godly man, howevor humble he might be, living Christ before the people. Watts was therefore brought before his judges, ! was condemned for heresy, and' suffered at the stake. "Wo had dreadful accounts -about the year 1556 and 1557 of several persons at a time being taken and burnt at Stratford-le-Bow ; we learnt that elrven men were burnt at one fire, and that twenty-two prisoners were brought from Colchester to London, there to be put to death;1 The truth was that the Humanists never hesitated to slaughter scores at a' time, if by so doing they could V effect their detestable purpose. Hugh Laverstock, a crip ple and by calling a painter, and Jolra-Aprice, a poor blind man, both of Stratford-le-Bow, were suspected of hexesy and brought -before the tribunal. The usual question being put to them, they botlr failed to shake their faith; When they were brought to; the stake; the bid painter took his crutch and flung it away then turning to his companian he said, "We may thank the bishop for this ;- he is about to cure me of my lameness and you of your blindness " A poor womqn in the town of Derby heard the scriptures, and used to go about repeating passages ; which' she had; 'learnt. He had heard Roman- Gathoiics- say , " What a calumny it is against our church to say that we ate forbidden i to read the bible. Why, we buy the Douay Bible whenever we like, and read it whenever we please"; and lie was informed the other day a priest told his people from the pulpit that the bible was an excellent book to read. But he had only to consider the state of Spain, Portugal, and Italy in our own days, or to recall those early times of which he was speaking, to see what sort of feeling Home had against the scriptures. This poor woman, who was blind, was merely ac cused of repeating passages of scripture ; and there was another casee of a poor blind boy, who was brought up before Bonner, and put to death. The number of blind persons who suffered martydom in this persecution was such as to suggest the enquiry how it was that so many victims were taken from this class. The explanation might be found in the fact that the services of the Church of Home constantly appealed to the senses. The blind could not see the sroreeous vestments the shining lights, and all the glitter, mummery, and theatrical nonsense associa ted with her false worship. If they had a musical ear, they might enjoy the music; while as to the incense lie did not see how any human being could enjoy that. Be yond- this, there was nothing even of the poor comfort the Church of Home gave them, to satisfy their minds ; but at tlie time when the Gospel was preached, and when the blind, who had gone with their poor sightless- orbs to the service of the mass without Gver getting any good from it, heard of the -pardon to be had through faith in Christ ; when they heard all the astonishing and glorious truths of the Gospel, wo could easily see how their minds would readily grasp them; and therefore we need not bo surprised that among the Marian martyrs there so many who were born blind. "After giving some account of the martyrdom of Mrs. Joyce Lewis, who, he said, , could scarcely be de signated -one . of tlie " huiiible martyrs" inasmuch as she was a gentlewoman, the lecturex, in drawing his remarks to a close, said we could -not read the epistles ' and other records of . the: martyrs without feel ing ourselves taken back through the in tervening centuries into the presence of very holy and bright examples of the true, disciples of; Christ. He earnestly re minded- his audiencp that the blood then shed was shed in defence of great and Divine principles. Those martyrs had to decide between" an Apostate Church and the Holy- Scriptures ; between a human Priesthood' and the Lord Jesus Christ; the One High Priest; between the pefverter of sacraments and the Holy Ghost. Ho showed how the conflict in which' so much blood was shed at the Deformation still goes on, jand ho earnestly called upon all to remember that England's; safety de-' ponds upon her being. true to her reformed Pi-otestant faith. Ho ; concluded his lecture with the following lines, addressed by the poet Cowpcr to England in the first edition of his poem " Expostulation" :— " Ifnst thou admitted with a blind, fond trust, . .The me that burned thy /father's bones to dust That first adjudged them heretics, then sent ; Their souls to heaven,, and cursed , them ns they, went : — j . The me that Scripture strips of its disguise, And execrates above all othprlies ; i Tjle i.ie that claps a look on mercy's plan. '! And give the key to yon infirm, old man, j Who, once ensconced in Apostolic chair, Is deified, and sits omniscient thcro ; i The me tliat knows no kindred owns no friend; But him- that makes! its progross his chief end ; ; That having spilt much blood, makes that a boast: G'ahonizes him that sheds the most? j ' Away with charitx. that -soothes, a me,. '. Ancl thrusts th'o truth. with scorn and anger by! Shame on tlio candour, and the "gracious 6mile, Bestowed on them tliat light tlio Martyr's pilo j , ' Wliilo insolent disdain, .in frowns cxprcssd i : Attends the tenets that endured that test! ' Grant them tho" rights of men;1 and whilo they coaso' ! ' ' 1 ' ' j - To vex the peace of others, grant tliom peace? j But trusting -bigots, whoso false zeal 1ms made | '' Teeacheuy TitEut dtjtv, tliou aro scli'-bctraycdL" Senators op Enohand! j 'Hear the just law, the judgment of- the skies! ;. He that hates truth shall.be the dupe of lies ; ! And ho that wile bo cheated to the last, , Delusions, stroiTg as licll, shall bind liim fast." 