NEWS OF THE WEEK. In common with many other districts we have to rejoice that the drought appears fairly to have broken up, and that the appointed service of humiliation and prayer for to-day (Saturday) may be exchanged for one of thankfulness and gratitude for the relief of copious and seasonable rain. On Saturday last we had thundershowers, and towards evening a steady, soaking rain of some hours' duration set in; on Wednesday we had again thunder and a smart shower, with heavy rain on that and the following nights; and a steady rainfall on Friday. A decided tinge of fresh green is already visible on our flats and hill sides, and the less agreeable circumstance of the transformation of our lately dusty parched earth into the tenacious mud for which Gundagai is in wet seasons remarkable, is also apparent. Even this, taken as an in- dication of the plentiful showers we have had, is, after our late arid condition, not unpleasant to contemplate. On Monday night some sneaking thief obtained access to the stable at Mr. M. Russell's residence, in Gundagai, by removing a shutter from the stable window, and stole a gentleman's saddle and a lady's bridle. Two rather suspicious characters who had been lurking about the locality are suspected of having committed the offence. We trust our police, who are on the alert, will speedily capture the culprits. Since then the saddle and bridle have been found concealed in the old mill opposite Mr. Russell's residence. Thursday night's mail from Sydney was several hours late, in consequence of the present state of the bridge over Cooney's Creek. It appears that the late rains have so swollen the creek that it has washed away the banks on each side of the bridge, leaving it isolated, and with a gap on each side between it and the road which renders it impossible for vehicles to cross by it. Having neither heard nor seen anything of a petition from the vinegrowers of Gundagai and Tumut in favour of the Vine Disease Prevention Act, we were considerably surpri- sed to perceive, by the Parliamentary reports of the metropolitan papers, that such a docu- ment had been presented to the House and, on the motion of Mr. Burns, had been ordered to be printed. After some inquiry we ascertained that a printed circular setting forth the desirability of such a measure was forwarded to Mr. A. Centauri, our scab inspector, with instructions to convene a public meeting for the purpose of ascertaining the views of the inhabitants with respect to the proposed bill, and, we presume, to obtain signatures to the circular. Being occupied in his other avocations Mr. Cemauri did not convene the public meeting, but having obtained some few signatures to the document, despatched it to the quarter from whence he received it. This, we suppose, is the petition from Gundagai and Tumut presented to the House. As the majority of the residents in the district knew nothing whatever of the aforesaid document, and as we firmly believe that the great bulk of the inhabitants of Gundagai and Tumut are adverse to the proposed enactment, its value may easily be estimated. To print this peti- tion is simply to waste as much public money as the performance of that process will cost, and we beg to protest against a system of operation by which the views of our public, as regards this or other questions, may be utterly misrepresented. It is altogether absurd and mischievous that documents pre- pared elsewhere should be privately hawked round, and, after a few signatures have been appended, should be presented to Parliament by a gentleman who is not our representative as embodying the opinions of the residents in these districts on matters of public interest. On Wednesday morning a poor old shepherd named Richard Bodder was picked up in a state of exhaustion near the Gundagai Bridge, and was taken to the lock-up for protection. He was, we understand, afterwards admitted as a patient at the Hospital. Flocks of sheep still keep passing through Gundagai. On Saturday 12,000 sheep be- longing to Messrs. Brown and Walker, of the Lachlan, bound for the head of the Murray, crossed the bridge, and on Tuesday and other days 6,000 were loafing about our flat, belong- ing to Mr. Bell, near Dubbo. On Tuesday Mr. and Mrs. Hilly, of Yass, and others arrived at Gundagai, 'en route ' for Albury. On Sunday next there will be a reception of novices at the Convent there, and Miss Jane Hilly, having passed her proba- tionary period, will then be received. The meeting of sheepowners to elect sheep directors for the district, which should have been held in the Gundagai Court-house on Tuesday, lapsed, as usual, from want of atten- dance. We have received the first number of 'The Ghost,' a weekly comic serial, published in Sydney, and apparently adverse to the present Government, to the Australian party, as re- presented by Mr. Driver, and to many other things. The cartoon, executed after the style of the Tomahawk's, depicts the present Ministry sailing over Scylla and approaching Charybis, guided by Messrs. Macleay and Dalley, as the ''great twin brethren" Castor and Pollux. The reading matter is smartly written and amusing. We are glad to perceive that £100 for the Gundagai Literary Institute has been passed by the Assembly in the Estimates for 1869. To obtain this government grant it is requi- site that £200 should be locally collected, and we trust that every effort will be made to raise this sum. It would be imnossible to expend money better than in aiding to place within reach of our population a well selected library, in which a fair portion of the stores of accumulated instruction which modern in- genuity, sagacity, and discernment so liberally give to the world should find place. The advantages a reading room and library easily accessible to the public confers are so uni- versally recognised, that we hold it to be the duty of all who desire to advance the social condition of the inhabitants of the district to contribute towards establishing and maintain ing such a valuable institution. Good pro- gress has already been made iu this direction by the energy and zeal with which the direc- tors of the Gundagai Literary Institute have labored, but much remains to be done to render the library and reading room what it is desirable it should be. We believe an appeal for donations in aid of this object will shortly be made, and we hope it will be liberally responded to. We regret to record the death of Mrs. Stuckey, wife of Mr. G. R. H. Stuckey of Willie-ploma. The deceased lady, after an illness of about a month's duration, expired on Saturday night last. On Monday her remains were interred in the family ground in the South Gundagai cemetery, the funeral being attended by a large assemblage of residents, who thus paid the last mark of respect to the departed. An accident that might have been attended with serious consequences happened to Mr. W. Marshall, of Gundagai, on Tuesday. Accom- panied by two companions he went for a drive towards his farm, at Jones' Creek, on the day abovementioned, and had approached within half-a-mile of it when the horse, in turning sharply round, upset the vehicle, and its occu- pants were precipitated to the ground. Mr. Marshall's collar-bone was fractured, and he sustained several other rather severe contusions, while his companions were also bruised. Mr. Marshall walked to the farm, where fortunately he encountered Messrs. M. Walker and Co's. springcart, in which he was conveyed home, and Dr. Cobbett, who was sent for, performed the necessary surgical functions. The English news brought by the Panama Mail has been chiefly anticipated by the intelligence received via Suez, and the tele- grams from Galle. There are, however, the following items worth noting:—The Earl of Mayo is to be recalled from his Indian Vice- royalty, and Sir John Lawrence will administer the Government until the Marquis of Salisbury can go out. The New York Yacht Club have accepted the challenge of an English yacht for the Queen's Cup. Fears are entertained for the safety of the troop ship, Simoom, bound from England to Halifax, which must have encountered a desperate gale on December 7, and has not yet arrived to tell its tale. The Queen has, in an autograph letter, expressed her satisfaction with Lord Monck's administration of Canada, although the Nova Scotians are still recalcitrant. Finally, and of evil augury for us, the small-pox is spreading in California. The undermentioned conditional purchases have become forfeited, and will be sold by public auction unless conditionally purchased previous to the day of sale:—Gundagai— John Farrar 40 acres; Susan Hanley 80 acres; John Morony 50 acres. Tumut—Caroline Dickson 40 acres, J. H. Kennedy 40 acres, George Tucker 40 acres. There are good grounds for believing that small-pox is more prevalent in Melbourne than has been reported, and that it is slowly but surely spreading. As there is every fear that this dangerous and loathsome plague may shortly appear in this colony also, we would earnestly urge upon all parents who have not previously taken the precaution the necessity of providing their children with the only effectual safeguard against this disease by having them at once vaccinated, and we would also intimate to those who may be unaware of the fact that inocculation should be repeat- ed at least every seven years. Some corres- pondence from Adelong on this subject will be found in our columns, but we are sure that no parents will, for the sake of saving a few shillings, avoid taking prompt measures to avert from their children danger of painful illness, loss of sight, life-long disfigurement, or death from the attacks of small- pox. A concert in aid of the building of the temporary cathedral of St. Mary's was to be given at Yass on Tuesday evening. The programme published in the 'Courier ' shows that the entertainment was to be principally composed of Moore's melodies. In a list of approved claims for pre-emptive purchases, in the 'Government Gazette,' we find that of Benjamin Ross, for 90 acres, North Gundagai, County Clarendon. We understand Dr. Cobbett has been ap- pointed medical referee to the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company, for the Gundagai district. A late telegram from London states that George Peabody has again given £100,000 for the benefit of the London poor. We wish we had two or three Peabodies in Australia, and one especially apportioned for our districts. We would find him many excellent modes of dispensing ample benevolent donations. Nature, however, apparently only constructs a Peabody at rare intervals. We have, no doubt, benevolent men in plenty in our locality; but they all labor under the great disadvantage of not being able to accumulate money enough to permit them adequately to display that beautiful characteristic of their nature. The criminals recently arrested with com- mendable despatch by the police are in safe keeping. Dr. Pearson, the supposed murderer of McCabe, now in prison at Bourke, has been recognised as having been previously under sentence at Cockatoo for highway robbery, under the name of Arnold; Slattery has been remanded for robbing the Carcoar mail, and Bentley, who was taken with him has been discharged, as it was proved he could not have taken part in that offence; the third party concerned in the sticking up of Evans' store, at Reid's flat—a youth named Williams or Walker—has been arrested, and the others— Cade and Phillips—examined and remanded; and Charley Loader, a black desperado who has long been the terror of the Maitland district, has been captured. He came down upon some drovers at Mobbinbri Creek lately, armed with a gun, and accompanied by two half-castes, and was seized from behind by a stalwart fellow named Schneider.A desperate struggle ensued, and Charley's shirt having been torn to pieces Schneider found it very difficult to hold his antagonist by his naked greasy skin. The blackfellow would in all probability have escaped, had not a Chinaman opportunely seized him by the legs and brought him to the ground, after which he was secured. Charles Williams, or Jemmy the Barman, has been examined before the Mudgee Bench for shooting at and slightly wounding Mrs Pyne, on the 29th ult. The outrage was committed when Mrs. Pyne was opening the door of her house, and on the prisoner's being shortly nfterwards arrested in his residence his shirt was found wet with perspiration, a pistol which had recently been discharged was found in his room, and a pair of muddy boots, which corresponded in size to tracks found leading from the house at which Mrs. Pyne lives. Altogether a considerable number of scoundrels have been placed in safe quarters lately. The head master of the Goulburn Public School has been suspended, owing to charges of intemperance preferred against him, and Mr. J. D. Bradley, training-master, tempo- rarily appointed in his stead.. It is proposed to present a testimonial to Mr. George Mott, of Albury, late proprietor of the 'Border Post,' prior to his departure from the district. At the Newcastle Police Court on Monday week last, Hugh McDicken, proprietor of the 'Newcastle Chronicle,' appeared, on remand,, before Mr. Hannell, charged with publishing a libel on Helenus Scott,' Police Magistrate of that city. The case was further postponed till Saturday next. Some very fine samples of New South Wales sugar are now on view at Messrs. Bradley, Newton, and Lamb's sale rooms. They are the first specimens of the produce of Mr. Bell's plantation at Port Macquarie, and all what are known to the trade as counter sorts. A Commissioner, appointed by Government to hold an official enquiry into the different charges and counter-charges, which have been made against the Police Magistrate and the Clerk of Petty Sessions of Forbes, has arrived in that township and has opened the inquiry. The 'Lachlan Reporter' forbears publishing the evidence until the inquiry is finished. A supposed associate of Thunderbolt's, named Faverner, has been committed for trial by the Armidale bench. Holloway's Pills.—Enjoyment of Life.— When the blood k pure, its circulatiaa-psriect,. and the nerves vi good order, we are- Jell. These Pills possessV marvellous power iiyrecur ing these great seoAts of health, by purifying and regulating tho Uuids, and strengthening, the solids. HoIlowaVs Pills can boyfmfidently. recommended to all persons sufjfcring from disordered digestion, or worried: by nervous fancies or neuralgic pains. /They corroct acidity and heartburn, dispel /sick headacho,. quicken the action of the liver, and act as alteratives and gentle aperients. The weak and delicate may take them without fenr^ Holloway's Pills are eminently serviceable to invalids of nervous temperament, as they raise the action of every organ to its natural' standard, and universally exercise a calming and bracing influence.—Advt. 