ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH, MITCHAM. On Sunday, October 31, the foundation-stone of a new Catholic Church at Mitcham, to be named the Church of our Lady of Dolors, was laid by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General (Father Smyth), on a block of land given t<y Mrs. Stevens, and situate! about a. stone's throw from the Church of England. The church proposed to he erected will be of the Gothic style of architecture, and is estimated to cost about £350. Shortly after 3 o'clock, tbe hoar appointed for the ceremony, there was a large number of persona on tbe ground, the weather being as fine as could be desired for the occasion. After a procession of the de7gy, followed by a number of little boys dad in white surplices, and the customary chanting and prayers, the atone was laid by the Vicar- General in accordance with the usual service of the Church of Rome. In a cavity of tbe stone were placed newspapers and the following docu ment:— Lapis iste asgalaris Tsmpli Deo _Uni ac Trino consecrandi sub invocatioae. Septem Dolorum. Beats et f"-mfimln*i' Dei Ge&etrieis; MariJ?. ! Ab admodom Bey. J. Smyth, Vieario Geoerali, Dicosseos Adeuidenais. Moltis dericis aa?stentibus, eo?cknaate Patre J. Nowian, 0.5.A.. Magna^u KdeUmm Multitudme pnesenti; MensnOctobris die xxxi. Separata) Salutis. Anno 1869. FestoSanetiSiricU P. Confemoris, I Christi Domini -rices ia tens, gerents Pio IX. ' P.M. L. R SfaeO, O.aF., Ep. Adrtaiditiri. i Victoria L, Brittaniarum Regina feliciter ! Begnanto. I Jacobo Fergusaon equite, Provindam A&straliss; Meridionalia Proscurante. Admndnm Bey. J. E. T. Woods, Pastore Distrietus. Felidtei ia Domino positm ett The Rev. Father Now Lair, 0.5.A., then monnted a platform, and preached from the Ist vorse of the 3rd chapter of the Ist Bpbtfe of John. In the course of his remarks he alluded to the thirst for secular knowledge, aad to tbe little attention paid to religious knowledge, and then be pointed out the obligations they were under to God, and the necessity of obeyin the command which had been given by His Son-thai of spreading His Gospel throughout the world. He eonetoded by referring to the necessity for 00-operation in mismg that church, and by urging them to give, not ?i~""g1j. but liberally^towards ita erection. OSertags were then made amounting to £90 odd, and the pro coedingm tenoiiiawted. INSTALLATION OF THE VERY REV. DEAN RUSSELL. The Very Rev. A. R. Rumen was formally installed as Dean of the Cathedral Church, St. Peter, of Adelaide, at Bs. Paul's Church, Pulteoey-cUeet, on Thursday morn ing, October 28. Tbe ceremony com menced at 11 o'clock, whan a largs nnmber of the dergy. with the Bishop and Dean, preceded by tin choir singing the Tri •anctaa,walk?dfrom the vestry to their eaate in the chanceL The service for St Simon and St. Judo's Day was celebrated. Tbe Rev. G. Dove conducted she service, tiie Bey. Canon Fair and the Yea. Archdeacon Twnpeny mad ing the If mom. After morning prayer andtheaate-eommunion service to the end of the Nkene Creed, Arch deacon Twopeny presented the Dean to the Bishop. Mr. F. Wicksteed, the Registrar, then read she Bishop's letters patent, coliatingthe Bey. A. R. RaaseQ to the office of Dean of Ade laide. The letters were as fallows : — "I, Augustas, by Divine permissioa Lord Bishop of Adelaid*. to all to whom these pre eetrta shall come greeting: Whereas, by letters patent of our Gracious Sovereign Lady Vtc ioria, Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain aad Ireland, duly made and sealed with the great seal of the amid United Kingdom, bearing date the 25th day of June, 184', in she eleventh year of her reign, it is declared lawful for me and my successors to found aad constitute one or more dignities in my Cathedral Church, and to collate fit aad proper persons to the Dignitaries of the same. Ana, whereas, in pursuance of the powers tfaas granted, I did appoint the Reverend James Far rell, M-A, Trinity College Dublin, to be Dean of the said Cathedral; and, whereas, she said James FarrelL, deceased at Malvem, on the 26th of April, in the year of our Lord, 1569 : Now being minded to such office, together with the lawful ranoniral rights and duties pertaining thereto, I do hereby collate she Reverend Alexander Russell Russell, one of the Canons of our Chapter, fobs Dean of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in the City of *• In testimony whereof I have hereto caused my Episcopal eeal to be affixed, this 25th day of October, in she year of our Lord, 1869, and the twenty-third of my consecration. "ACGCSTU3 ADELAIDE." The Dean signified his acceptance of office in the following words:—"l, A. R. Russell, Canon of the Cathedral Chapter and Incum bent of the Church of St. Paul, do accept the office of Dean in tbe Oatiiedral jChureb of St. Peter, in this city, and promise by the Grace of God, faithfully, according to my ability, to fulfil the duties of the said office, and wOl ob serve she regulations Uwful and caaonioal which have been or shall be d?ily made respecting it." The Bishop then offered the following prayer: —"O Lord God Almighty, we beseech Thee to grant Thy grace to this Thy servant, Dean of the Cathedral Church of this Diocese, that be may, by his preaching, aad the example of a good life, instruct she clergy and people of this ?ity to do show things which are godly > of good report, so that finally both fa* end they may inherit eternal life, through Jena Christ oar Lord, who with Tbte and the Holy Ghost, tiveth and nagadh ever one God, world without end. Aon." Tie prayer concluded, Hu Lordship pnwM the ustaJUtMn nnsM from the text ia ?th CoUoojum, 17th verse-" lake heed to the ministry which thou haat reserved in the Lard that than fulfil it." At tbe ekee of the sermon a hymn ia sung, and the Offertory and Holy Coounmuoti oo?dafed (be interesting service. There was a very Urge caajgiegation, inc?uuiax His Excellency the Governor, Lady Edith, anl family. On Thursday morning the children attending the North Adelaide Coagregatiaasl school aad the Branch aefaool at Lower North Adelaide, assembled at the schoolroom prior to going a abort way into the country for their annual festival After considerable delay they left North Adrtstde to the number ofovetlB teaehen and children—to use ?f Cobb A Co.1* coaches—on the firrt of which was carried the handsome burner of the school. On inojiiii through the atreeta of Adelaide greet attention was attracted to tbe soonster juvenik party. Brownfaffl Greek was reached shortly after 12 o'clock, and tbe children at once cumbered about tbe bills, and wandered along the golly till a variety of games were net in foil operataanfortbetrcnjoymeAt. A light lunch was also •erred potto them, and the afternoon was passed in play. At 4 o'clock they worecallad to tern, aoi. tins concindfld. about flO or ?B re wards wane distributed to the most desmisg ?rhoisrs. Sio coaches wore rehmued, aad a* abort 6 o'clock a start was made for town the proceeding? up to this time having been of the most enjoyable nature—bat shortly after start ing an accident happened, which caused great excitement, ?ad robbed tie excursion of ail its pleasure. One of the coaches, which was boing driven far too rapidly, swayed so avaeh as io throw three little boy? from tbe top. Two of the lads at oiiee jumped up, but the third was evidently aracfa hart, as be eoald not rise, and was in immiaft danger of besng crashed by the vehicle wnob was foQowing a abort distance behind. Fottmirtrty. huwetm, a young lady who was watching the procession, very courageously drew the boy almost tram tbe horses' feet, and it was at mm sismiwil that the little fellow was serisaalj injaredia his right ana. The bey ? about aiz ynsnof age, aad is she eon of Mr. Warn. Turner, of -North AdeUde. He was driven rapidly to town, where Dr. Spacer aawbbn and seat him oat to the Hospital. He was found to be ouueriag from a compound comminuted fracture of tbo dhow, and toe ujary is of a veryaorions mUn. The two other lads were not araeh hurt The rest of the pjrty, much frighten** and alarmed, returned to Korth Adelaide, where they were lisaiiai ? to their hianw The lad who was so much hurt is an us sins. Tuesday ni the first d*y of * bazaar held ia White's Booms, for the purpose of raising funds for tbe liquidatian of tbe debt an tbe Congregational Church, Hjadmanh^mnre. There was not a very large ?rrrwdiaro during the day. no doubt owing to tbe svbry stats of the weather, and the oaks wen ?mseqnanUy not so bosk as they otherwise woud have been. There were seven stalk, indading tbe refresh meat stall, and these were presided over by the following ladies:-No. 1, Mcoilsiaei Charter and Whitman; No, % Mrrfimm Cm and Scrymgoux; No. * Meadsmcs Beynalds aad Daws; No. 4, Murtw Boy sad Morrison; No. 6, Mrs. and Mim &rik; No. 6, Mf ill aim Mann aad Stacy, and Mim Phillips; and Mo. 7 (Befreshment Stall), Mrsdanw Allots aad Gate. There were various specimens of fancy needle and wool work, engraving*, aad fire screens, and in the etsitre of the room was* table on which were arranged apeoimens of coral and some pretty shells from the Sou* Sea Inluwlr. and also two portfolios of engravings, lepiwnriiii,' Egyptian scenery. We fwtbtr noticed a very neat ntosac stool, and some cfafldren'e toys, and other articles of elegance and vert*. In tbe evening the sttmrttnnr was larger, and tbe ladies at each stall laprriafij the refieduaent—soeeeeded in disfooiag of a large number of articles. On Thursday there was s. Urge attendance, doubtiem the fact of the admisnion charge being mtumed in goods, and tbe distribution of pieces of wed ding-cakes, in which gold rings had bean em bedded were tbe cansea of attracting ? good number. Although a great many articles had been disposed off the previous day, there ap peared to be just as many offered for sale ; and judging from the number of purchasers who were constantly paying tns stub a visit, we should say that tbe remit of the day* business most have been very satiaf aetory. As on the evening of the first day. Chapmanis Band and the display of dissolving views added not a little towards making the time past pleac&jtly.; On Thursday the Bey. Geo. Dors was appointed by the Bishop and Chapter to theCanonry rendered vacant by the promotion of tbe Very Bey. Dean BnaselL We lean that the Bey. Canon tkive wiD stOl assist the Incumbent of St. Paul's in tbe daily ?nfiM^tratiiy and parochial wiw%. The services attendant upon tbe anni versary of tbe Pirie-atreet Wedeyan Church were commenced on Sunday, October 17. when three appropriate sermons were preached. Tbe Bey. W. U liinka officiated in tbe morning, taking as his text the sth, 6th, and 7tfa verse* of the Ist chapter of the Ist tfristie of John. In the afternoon tbe Bey. Tbos. Baston preached a sermon to the young, the subject of his discourse being tbe words, '* My son, give me tfaine heart," Pnyverb*.23rdeh.,26thv. The children connected witb tbe Sunday-schools occupied tbe body of the church, and their parents and friends tbe gallery. The evening service was also conducted by the Key. Mr. Baston, wbo baaed his sermon upon the 27th verse of tbe Ist chapter of James. On each occasion a collection was made, and tbe con gregations were Urge, particularly that ia the evening. On Sunday, October 17, anniversary services in connection witb'tbe Bentfcam-strest Chapel were held. In the momittc tbe Bey. T. Ptayford preached an excellent Simula, from James, chap. v. verse 7 ; and in the evening the Bey. J. Price officiated, taking his text from John, chap. v. verse 3. The erviees were con tinued on Tuesday. October 19th, by a tea aad public muffing The tea, to which about 17? penona sat down, was aTved in exeeQent atele, and was provided by Mr. J. Smith, eonf oc twoer.of tCndley^tnet, in his ttsaal manner. In she evoung tj>e public innitinj was eom aw?esdby ainging a faymn aad prayer; after which Mr. T. Flajford delivered Vv?ry iate recting lecture, entitfed '• the Orriae autharity of toe B£b!e," which was listened to with taw greatest attentiou. At the etsse a hymn was sung, and die Benediction brought a very plea sant awling to a tfntratim at an early hoax. The anniversary service* of the Pirie street dnach wen continced en Monday, Ootobar IS, when tea aad public awbaa w?r* heUL Tbe former took pUes in tbe Iwiuia hall, and was well attended. Tbepufaiie meet ing was bsld in the cbarcn, whmb w*i fillet The Hon. J. Cotton, M.P., preside! Af* ai?giag aad prayer, tbe Casirman madesoms rrrrilriit remarks, wiisrasing the phasnre be feU at being present at occasions of that toad— occamoas of eonsidenble interest to farnt ea account of fats long coaaeetasa with the Church. He referred to the erection of the Draper Msmjoal Chorea, aad to the fact that some of their congregation bad left to aU in that place of worship. Their finances were, however, be said, not in a bad condition. As Treasurer, bis slatemrnt would be gratifying, for their poaitiaa on tbe whole was most ostv faetory. It was irt intended to a*for anyajwcial effort that evening, but be reminded them that ia a abort time they would be asked to con tribute to?anU the fund* in aid of the erection of the Franklm-strat schools, fee. He then read *V'i-~ii'l mtmt*m*mm.*, fwn wfciA H. ifOllMlni that, after paying eypmses, them leauamad m. balance in band of £112 2s. 7d. Their total liabilities, at 6 per cent, par anmn, wore £3,300. He then^Ded on the Bey. Mr. Lee, whogaveanbitom?tingand humorous address. The Bey. J. Stephenson followed, congratu lating the Ctatrch on its fintnritl succnm during tbe past year, and urging tbe necessity of far ther devotion to tbe work of savtog soeJa. Tbe Her. Hy. Bath was the next epeakcr, bat he after a few remarks made way for the Bey. Tbos. Bastoa, wbo spoke of the great cry of the age—that of "Move on*—com menting on tbe desirability of its being tbeir cry, and the need of united action in saviig souls. A collection having been made, a vote of thanks was, on tbe motion of Mr. James HOI, unanimously accorded to the ladies for tbe tea. The Bey. A. Stabbs moved, aad the Bey. a Worth seconded, a vote of thanks to the chair. The Bey. W. U Sinks passed a Ugh eologiain on the services rendered by tlwefaoir and tbeir efficient organist daring tite t— * yaar. Tbanks woe unanimously given, aad the Chairman having been paid a, ?i—ii—• enm plunent, the prooeediags doaed in the usual manner. The proceeds of tbe aamvenary in the aggregate, amounted to upwards of fiGOL Anniversary services in connection with the High-street Congregational Church, ensmgton, were commenced on Bunday. October 17, when sermons were preached-in le moraing by the Bey. J. Lyafl (Presbftorianl, •fternoon by tiie Bey. J. a MHUrd ( wVsleyan). and in tbe evening by tbe Bey. J. Jefferis (Congregational). The aervices were Urgely •ttended, especially in tt? ereaing, when the Cbnrcb was filled to overflowing. On Monday tbe eostoatary tea meeting was held, and a. luge gathering partook of theeiemTentthinfi provided. In tbe evening a public meeting was teU, and a leetare <Mi*?ed bj_*?^v. J Gibson, of Angartoi. on •Bernard Oflpm and tbe Moestroopera? The chair was ooenpied by tbe Hon. A?Stow, who, in nrnnmmrn^ tbe turns of the Umdoo Mamioaary Soattf. The pastor of tbe Church (Bey. H. Obeetbam) read tKm report, which was eaieeaiaglag* Du?ngtte yfarttw OsMilli fiwiil aujlibW sant awling to a dasses bad been well sustained. The congrega tions had somewhat diminished, in consequence of the removal of several families to ether localities, but the number in Church fellowship had been augmented. The expenses amounted to £198 10s. 6d.,and a small debt upon the Church at the beginning of the year had been wiped off, the Church then being entirely free from debt. The Rev. A. Crawford (Presbyterian), in an interesting address, propose! the adoption of the report, which was seconded by Mr. T. Caterer. The Bey. Mr. Gibson was th?n called upon to deliver his lecture, which he gave in a narrative form, dealing with the singularly peculiar though philanthropic character of the subject of bis lecture, aad to his persevering zeal as a reformer. The lecture was inter spersed with several humorous references to the observances of the Borderers, and at the close a hearty vote of tiunks was accorded to the lecturer, on the motion of the Bey. Mr. Griffiths, seconded by Mr. T. Caterer. A similar compliment h iv'ug been passed to the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted, and to the Chiirmin, tho proceedings closed with singing and prayers. The proceeds of the Borricea, ex clusive of tho tea meeting, amounted to nearly £90. 