ORDINATION IN THE PROCATHEDRAL. On Sunday last, the feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Sacrament of Ordination was administered by hia Grace the Archbiahop in the Pro- Cathedral. It is not often that this imposing ceremony of the Catholic ohnrctfia witnessed in public in this city, and although no public announcement of the ordi nation was given it became known during the week that several of the students of St. Mary's College, Lyndhurst, were to be admitted to sacred orders on the Sunday, and accordingly long before cne Hour of commencing tne pro Cathedral was filled in every part with a con gregation that had assembled from all parts of the city. The candidates for ordination were Brother Placid Quirk, O.S.B., Brother Bona venture Curr, O.S.B., and Brother Bernard Oallacher, O.S.B., who received the priesthood 'Ifid Brother Benedict Farrell, O.S B., who was raiqed to the sub deaconship. Messrs. Quirk and Callacho'r took their degrees of B.A., at the Sydney University, in 1862. With the exception of Brother Bona venture, We believe that all these young gentlemen are natives of the colony, and went through all their studies in .! St. Mary's, uouege, .Lyndhurst. Shortly after 11 o'clock his Grace, attended by his private chaplain-Father Colletti, arrived at the principal - entrance of. , the Cathedral, where he ^«)5Q;ej;,by theplergyand acolytes in surplices, »nd|a procession having formed he was conducted to tpe altar, where' he at once put on his epis copal vestments. The clergy in attendance werext&e;' Very Rev. the Vicar- General as arch prieati the deacon and sub- deacon of the Mass, Father Dwyer, and Father Garvey, attendants on Archbishop, Rev. Dr. Quirk, L L D. and Father Byrne ; attendants on those about to be ordained priests, Ven. Archdeacon Rigney, Father Sheridan and Father O1 Farrell. The whole of the ceremonies were nnder the direc tion of Padre Colletti. There were also the Very Rev. Dean White, Fathers Newman and Athy, ;W surpliceB, within the sanctuary. The Arch bishop having taken his seat in front of the altar the ceremony commenced by the Archdeacon summoning first him who was to be made sub deacon, and next those who were to be ordained to the priesthood, and all four baring stepped forward, they prostrated themselves upon the ?ltar steps and the Litany of the Saints was sung. At the conclusion all retired to their seats except the one seeking the sub- deaconship. Then the Archbishop addressing this one explained the dutieathat would devofveupon himinhiscapaeity of sub-deacon, and as a token of his right to touch the sacred vessels he presented him with an empty chalice and the patten which he touches with the right hand,, and in a similar manner the Archdeacon presents the him other vessels which are touched in a similar manner. The Archbishop next offers two prayers and then proceeds to clothe him with the amice- and other vestments belonging to ibesubdeaconship j after this the newly ordained by placing hia ffighfc hand upon the missal receives power to- read the epistles in the churches. With this the conferr ing of the order of sub deacon terminates and the newly ordained retains to his seat. The Mass was then proceeded with and the epistle sung by the newly orda.ined subdeacon, after which his Grace resumed his seat in front of the altar and proceeded to administer the order of priesthood upon the three, candidates. These wearing the alb, ainice, girdle and stole, and hav ing on their left aria the chasuble and in their right hand a lighted candle, on being summoned, approached the Archbishop. The Archdeacon, addressing his Grace, informs him that our holy pother, the Church, is desirous that these candidates should be raised to the order of the priesthood, and, on being asked if he is aware that they are worthy of it, he replies by testifying that they are worthy to undertake the duties of that important office. The Arch bishop then announces the fact to the clergy and congregation and instructs the candidates upon the obligations and duties that will devolve upon them. Next follows the imposing of hands, which is began by the Archbishop and then by the clergy in attendance. Several prayers are then said, after which the vestments are placed upon the newly-ordained, a prayer being said as each article put on. The hymn— Veni Creator gpirilus — is then sung, after which the hands of the candidates are annointed with holy oil, and then, being joined together, they are tied with ' a white linen. After this the chalice, with wine and water, as well as the patten, with the host, are produced, and while these touch the fingers of the newly-ordained, the Arch bishop imparts to thera the power to offer up the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass for the Jiving as well as for the dead. The mass was then pro ceeded with as far as the offertory the newly ordained priests in the mean washing their hands of the oil. The kis3 of peace having been given to each of the new priests they returned to their appointed places and attended by a priest they read aloud the remaining portion of the mass at the same time as the Arch bishop. After the Communion his Grace once more resumes his place in front of the altar and the newly ordained approached him and placing his hands upon each of their heads he gave them the power to *orgive sin, in these words, 'receive the Holy Ghost whose sins you shall forgive they are forgi/en and whose sins you shall retain they are retained to them.' After this the promise 01 obedience to the Arch bishop and his successors is given when the mass is proceeded with to the end. Such is a short outline of the imposing ceremonies used by the Catholic Church iu dedicating her children to the service of the altar, each word of which &3 some mystical meaning. The crowded con gregation that assembled to witness the raising of these young men to the dignity of the priest hood was a proof that the ceremonies of our ' holy church continue to interest her children Lot hope that the Rev. Messrs. Quirk, Curr, And Callachor will prove a blessing to tbif country and a credit to th» priestly order into which they have entered. 