INTERCOLONIAL NEWS, NEW SOUTH WALES. JVom this colony wo havo filos to tho l;)tli of July. We subjoin a few items thero from : — Tna Polvn-esliv Kidxamtno — Tho Com miagion appointed by his Excellency tbe Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, to inqmrn into and report npon cer tain cacoa of allowed kidnapping of natives o! the Loyalty Islands in tho years 18G7-8, and generally to inquire and report on the probablo results of Poly nesian immigration!, mot in Sydney laet week at the office of tha Chief Secretary., The members present were-.— Mr S. Bennett, Mr W.B. Dalley, Mr John Fairfax, MrF. Mitohcll, Mr T. S. Mort, Mr C. Roileslon, Mr C. Smith, aud the Rsv. Dr. Lang. Mr C. Rolleston^pre si.led. Tho business was initiated, bat the Com misaiou being of Royal appointment, ils pro ceedings were conducted with closed doors, and the pross were net admitted. A Dkspeiiate Case of Cattle Stealing. — Tho Yass Courier reports that a ccsa of cattle stealing of tho description technically kaowc a* ' death by the .round s»vamp' occurred last week at Pndmau — the scene of nnny a similar offenco. The present one ia if anything worse than any that baa preceded it, a3 ouo of the delinquents, not content with stealing, was nearlv adding murder to his crime. Aa old man,' named M'Goon. who has some cattle on the Pnrlmin, m'sioil a beast, and suspecting what had become of it, went to Mrs Fuller':* place, which is no great distance from hia o-rtD, nnd thero discovered a man whs goes by tho namo of Black Harry, snlwholiRd been living with him, in tho act, assisted l-y Mrs Fnllcr, of hoisting up on the g;i!Io;vs the carcase of the misjins bvi^ti Ou seeing il'Gcifl, Mrs Fuller called out to Black Harrv, | who is something moro to the woman man ina J butcher, to shoot tho ? , npon which Harry discharged n bhot from n gvm at old M'Goon, who of course relreateil with all noa siblo expedition. Mis Fuller, however, fol lowed him with an ax--, intniling, as she said, to do for tho old wretch. M'Goon. succeeded in gottiug away safely, aud wont into Burrows, where ho procured a warrant f jr Black Harry Bud tho woman, both of whsni wero arrrstod. Tho man has been committed to take his trial, and the worn in romandod. Gnosis is Buriukgono. — Tho following ig from the Biirrar.yjnj] Arju; ; it rsad» remarkably 'sensational,' bat is troatod of soriously by tho journalist : — ' In theaa en lightened times it seems almost an obenrdity to' talk abont ghosts making their appearance, bnt the following statement of what has be fallen threo respectable men resiiliuij near Yonns; is authentic, aud may bo relied upon by our readors as boing no hoax. The throa men referred to lire splitting posts and rails for fencing at a placo aliout four miles from Youug, near the Threo-milo and tho old Duffer Rmh. Tho first timo they aaw auything unusual was on ono moonlight night, about threo weeka ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush near their but a whito objeot about tho sizo of a cst, but of m particnlur form, This extraordinary lookirg object suddenly, beforo their eyes, sprang up into a whito spoctro about eight feet high. Thoy oalled out to it, but could gat no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them ono way m\\\ one another. Oa another occasion thoy retired to bod at tho nsnal hour on u calm, still night, went to 3loop, slept for somo time, and, upon ono waking up during tho ni-.;bt ho was much surprised to find thnt the whole of tho roof of the hut had besn removed. On looking ont they siv tho spectre, but no ono else was about, and thoy are all quito sire that uoithor on this nor tho formor occasion was it either a min or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes, from a mera nothing t£ a height of eight feet, quite dumb founded them. Anothar night thoy wtro mnch surprised at seeing a strange, un ?arlMy-looking animal, somewhat resembling a -lo-;, with a long chain attached to it, This animal camo right in front of the hut, and commonood grinning at thorn, bnt made no noiae, either by barking or otherwise, gave tho occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of tho moti (wh* wi\s a good shot) loaded a gun, and lirod tho contonts direct at the brute, but tho shot took no effect upon it. Tho dog1, or whatevir it was, remained for somo considerable time. On another night tbo dog scornod to havo re turned, for they heard tho rattling of a ohniu and a noiao like what a do,* would mako when licking a plata. Upon looking ontaido, they saw that a plate which had been left thero was in motion, but they could not seo what caused it to bo so, although they conld, whilo looking, distinctly hear tho samo noiso described above. Thoy watched it for soraa time, Iho pluto boing kept in motion, and tho noiso heit'g distinctly hoard in if tho plate was boing licked by somo animal. On Sunday b.«t these men. came into Young, aud upon ono of them returning in tho eveniuj; he found that tho door of thu hat hal haen pulled dotvu and itn content* brought oatsido and left thero. Two oat of tho three mon are well known to us, and wo feel couti lout that what wo have stated mar bo relied upon as the trulh. A shepherd told theso men that some time ago two men who Wisro splitting thero quarrelled, and ono killed ihe other with on axe, ami afterwards filled a tree on him, and that it was nothiu^ extraordinary for tho murderod man's ghoat to make its appoarance.' They must be very cre dulous people in Burrangong. 