The Novelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER VIII. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." A WEEK or two after the Palers had settled themselves in Paris, I was escorted thither by a friend of the Miss Barlieus. The address given me was Avenue de St. Cloud, Commune de Passy. We found it a good-looking, com- modious house, and my travelling protector, Madame Barnadotte, left me at the door. A young girl came forward as I was shown into a room. "Are you Miss Hereford, the new gover- ness ?" "Yes. I think I have had the pleasure of seeng you at Nulle," I answered, holding out my hand to her. "That I'm sure you've not. I never was at Nulle. It was Kate and Harriet who went there with papa and mamma. I and Fanny and Grace came straight here last week from England, with nurse." Now, strange to say, it had never occurred to me or to the Miss Barlieus to ask Mrs. Paler, during the negotiations, how many pupils I should have. Two children were with them at Nulle, Kate and Harriet, and I never supposed that there were others ; I believed these would be my only pupils. "How many are you, my dear ?" "Oh, we are five." "Am I to teach you all ?" "Of course. There's nobody else to teach us. And we have two little brothers, but they are quite in the nursery." Had Mrs. Paler purposely concealed the number ? or had it been the result of inad- vertence ? The thought that came over me was, that were I engaging a governess for five pupils, I should take care to mention that there were five. They came flocking round me now, every one of them, high-spirited, romping girls, diffi- cult of control, their ages varying from six to twelve. "Mamma and papa are out, but I don't sup- pose they'll be long. Do you want to see mamma ?" "I shall be glad to see her." "Do you wish for anything to eat ?" in- quired Miss Paler. "You can have what you like : dinner or tea; you have only to ring and order it. We have dined, and had tea also. Mamma has not ; but you don't take your meals with her." As she spoke, some noise was heard in the house, and they all ran out. It proved to be Mrs. Paler. She went up to her own sitting room, and thither I was summoned. "So you have got here safely, Miss Here- ford ?" was her salutation, spoken cordially enough. But she did not offer to shake hands with me. "I have been making acquaintance with my pupils, madam. I did not know there were so many." "Did you not ? Oh, you forgot ; I have no doubt I mentioned it." "I think not. I believed that the two Miss Palers I saw at Nulle were your only children." "My only children ! Good gracious, Miss Hereford, what an idea ! Why, I have seven ! and have lost two, which made nine, and shall have more yet, for all I know. You will take the five girls ; five are as easily taught as two." I did not dispute the words. I had come, intending and hoping to do my duty to the very utmost extent, whether it might be much or little. Though certainly the five pupils did look formidable in prospective, considering that I should have to teach them everything, singing excepted. "I hope you will suit me," went on Mrs. Paler. "I have had many qualms of doubt since I engaged you. But I can't beat them into Mr. Paler ; he turns round, and politely tells me they are 'rubbish,' as any heathen might." "Qualms of doubt as to my being but nine- teen, or to my skill in music ?" I asked. "Neither ; your age I never made an objec- tion, and I dare say your music will do very well for the present. But never mind now ; I dare say you will try and serve us conscientiously. Here's Mr. Paler." He came in, the same apparently shy, silent, portly man as at Nulle, in his gold spectacles. But he came up kindly to me, and shook hands. "Well, Miss Hereford, we are glad to see you. And what sort of weather have you had at Nulle since we left it ?" "Not very fine. Yesterday it poured with rain all day." "Ah. That would make it pleasant for travelling, though." "Yes ; it laid the dust." "Did you travel alone ?" "Oh, no; the Miss Barlieus would not have allowed it. It is not etiquette in France for a young lady to go out even for a walk alone. An acquaintance of the Miss Barlieus, Madame Bamadotte, who was journeying to Paris, ac- companied me." "Well, I hope you will be comfortable here," he concluded. "Thank you ; I hope so." "And look here, I'll giye you a hint. Just you get the upper hand of those children at once, or you'll never do it. They are like so many untrained colts. Nothing more was said. I had not been asked to sit, and supposed the silence was a hint that I must quit the room. Before I had got far, a servant came and said I was to go back to it. Mrs. Paler was alone then, looking very solemn and dark. "Miss Hereford, you have been reared in seclusion, mostly in school, and probably know little of the convenances—the exactions of social life. Do not be offended if I set you right on a point—I have no doubt you have erred, not from want of respect, but from lack of know- ledge." What had I done ? Of course I said I should be obliged to her to set me right in anything when found wrong. "You are a governess ; you hold a depen- dent situation in my house. Is it not so ?" "Certainly it is," I answered, wondering much. "Then never forget that a certain amount of respect in manner is due to myself and to Mr. Paler. I do not, of course wish to exact the deference a servant would give—you must understand that ; but there's a medium ; a medium, Miss Hereford. To you, I and Mr. Paler are 'madam' and 'sir,' and I beg that we may be always addressed as such." I curtsied and turned away, the burning colour dyeing my face. It was my first lesson in dependence. But Mrs. Paler was right ; and I felt vexed to have forgotten that I was only a governess. Misplaced rebellion rose in my heart, whispering that I was a lady born ; that my family was far higher in the social world than Mr. or Mrs. Paler's ; whispering, more over, that that lady was not a gentlewoman, and never could be one. But after a few minutes spent in sober reflection, common sense chased away my foolish thoughts, leaving in place a firm resolution never so to transgress again. From that hour, I took up my position bravely—the yielding, dependent, poor governess. But what a life of toil I entered upon ! and —where were my dreams of Paris ? Have you forgotten that they had visited me, in all their beautiful delusion ? I had not. Delusive hopes are always the sweetest. When I had stayed three months at Mrs. Paler's, I had never once been into Paris further than the Champs Elysees. Save that we went every Sunday morning in a closed carriage to the Ambassador's chapel, I saw nothing of Paris. The streets may have been of crystal, the fountains of malachite marble, the houses of burnished gold, for all I witnessed of them— and I believe my warm imagination had pictured something of the like resplendence. There was no pleasure for me; no going out; my days were one lasting scene of toil. I am not going to complain unjustly of Mrs. Paler's situation, or make it out worse than it was. It has become much the fashion of late years —I may say a mania—to set forth the sorrows and ill-treatment that governesses have to endure ; were the other side of the question to be taken up, it might be seen that ladies have as much to bear from governesses. There are good places and there are bad ones ; and there are admirable governesses, as well as un- desirable and most incapable ones: perhaps the good and bad, on both sides, are about balanced. I was well- treated at Mr. Paler's ; I had a generous diet, and a maid to wait upon me in conjunction with the two elder girls. When they had visitors in an evening, I was admitted on an equality (at any rate to appearance) ; I had respect paid me by the servants ; and I was not found fault with by Mr. and Mrs. Paler. Could I desire better than this ? No. But I was overworked. Put it to yourself what it was, if you have any experience in teaching. Five girls, all in different stages of advancement, to learn every- thing, from German and good English down to needlework. The worst task was the music ; the drawing lessons I could give conjointly. All five learnt it, piano and harp, and two of them, the second and the youngest but one, were so wild and unsteady that they could not be trusted to practise one instant alone. I rose every morning at half- past 6 to begin the music les- sons, and I was usually up until 12 or 1 o'clock the next morning correcting exercises, for I could not find time to do them during the day. "Make time" says somebody. I could only have made it by neglecting the children. "Our last governess never did a thing after 6 in the evening," Kate said to me one day. "You should not be so particular, Miss Here- ford." "But she did not get you on to your mamma's satisfaction." "No, indeed ; mamma sent her away because of that. She did not care whether we advanced or not. All she cared for was to get the studies over anyhow." Just so ; it had been eye-service, as I could have told by their ignorance when I took the girls in hand. My dear mother had enjoined me differently : "Whatever you do, Anne, let it be done to the very best of your ability ; do it as to God ; as though his eye and ear were ever present with you." I appealed to Mrs. Paler ; telling her I could not continue to work as I was doing, and ask- ing what could be done. "Oh, nonsense, Miss Hereford, you must be a bad economiser of time," she answered. "The other governesses I have had did not complain of being overworked." "But, madam, did they do their duty ?" "Middling for that—but then they were incorrigibly lazy. We are quite satisfied with you, Miss Herefoad, and you must manage your time so as to afford yourself more leisure." I suggested to Mrs. Paler that she should get help for part of the music lessons, but she would not hear of it ; so I had to go on doing my best ; but to do that best overtaxed my strength sadly. Mrs. Paler might have had more con- sideration ; she saw that I rarely went out ; one hurried walk in the week, perhaps, and the drive to church on Sunday. My pupils walked out every day, taken by one or other of the servants ; but they did not go together ; two or three stayed with me while the rest went, and when they came back to me these went. Mrs. Paler insisted upon my giving an hour of music to each child daily, which made five hours a day for music alone. The confinement and the hard work, perhaps the broken spirits, began to tell upon me ; nervous headaches came on, and I wrote to the Miss Barlieus, asking what I should do. I wrote the letter on a Sunday, I am sorry to say, failing time on a week day. None of us went abroad on a Sunday afternoon. Mrs. Paler protested that nothing but sin and galla- vanting was to be seen out of doors on a French Sunday ; and, once home from church, we were shut up for the rest of the day. She did not go out herself, or suffer anybody else to go ; Mr. Paler excepted—he took the reins in his own hands. The Miss Barlieus answered me sensibly ; it was Miss Annette who wrote. "Put up with it to the close of your year from the time of entrance," she said. "It is never well for a governess to leave her situation before the year is up, if it can be avoided ; and, were you to do so, some ladies might urge it as an objection to making another engagement with you. You are but young still. Give Mrs. Paler ample notice, three months, we believe, is the English usage— and endeavour to part with her amicably. She must see that her situation is beyond your strength." I took the advice, and in June gave Mrs. Paler warning to leave, having entered her house in September. She was angry, and affected to believe I would not go. I asked her respectfully to put herself in idea in my place, and candidly say whether or not the work was too hard. She muttered something about "over- conscientiousness;" that I should get along better without it. Nothing more was said ; nothing satisfactory decided, and the time went on again to the approach of September. I wondered how I must set about looking out for another asylum ; I had no time to look out, no opportunity to go abroad. Mr. Paler was in England. "Miss Hereford, mamma told me to say that we shall be expected in the drawing-room to- night ; you, and I, and Harriet," observed Kate Paler to me one hot summer's day. "The Gor- don's are coming and the de Mellissies." "What de Mellissies are these ?" I inquired the name striking upon my ear with a thrill of remembrance. "What de Millissies are those ! why, the de Millissies," returned Kate, girl-fashion. "She is young and very pretty ; I saw her when I was out with mamma in the carriage the other day." "Is she English or French ?" "English, I'll vow. No French tongue could speak English as she does." "When you answer in that free, abrupt man- ner, Kate, you greatly displease me," I interposed. "It is most unladylike." Kate laughed ; said she was free-spoken by nature, and it was of no use trying to be other- wise. By habit, more than by nature, I told her, and I waited with impatience for the even- ing. It was Emily. Gay-mannered, laughing, lovely as ever, she came into the saloon on her husband's arm, wearing a pink silk dress and wreath of roses. Alfred de Mellissie looked ill ; at least, he was paler and thinner than in the old days at Nulle. She either did not or would not remember me ; as the evening drew on, I felt sure that she did not, for she spoke cordially enough to me, though as to an utter stranger, It happened that we were quite alone once, in the recess of a window, and I interrupted what she was saying about a song. "Have you quite forgotten me, Madame de Mellissie ?" "Forgotten you!" she returned, with a quick glance. "I never knew, you, did I ?" "In the years gone by, when you were Miss Chandos. I am Anne Hereford." A puzzled gaze at me, and then she hid her face in her hands, its penitent expression mixed with laughter. "Never say a word about that naughty time, if you love me ! everybody says it should be buried five fathoms deep. I ought to have known you, though, for it is the same gentle face ; the steady eyes, and the long eye lashes, and the honest good sense and the sweet smile. But you have grown out of all know- ledge. And so you are a governess, Miss Here- ford !" "Yes," I bravely avowed. "You must come and see me. Alfred, here's an old schoolfellow of mine. I dare say you'll remember her." M. de Mellissie came at the call, and was talk- ing to me for the rest of the evening. The following morning was an eventful one. I had quitted the school-room for a moment to read a letter on my own, just come by the early post. It was from Miss Barlieu. A very kind letter, telling me to go back to them while I looked out for a fresh situation, should I not get one before leaving Mrs. Paler. Suddenly the door opened, and Mrs. Paler came in with- out any ceremony of knocking, her face white, and an open letter in her hand. She looked scared, fierce ; agitation impending her free utterance. "Here's news !" she brought out at length, her voice rising to a scream, "here's news to come upon me like a thunderbolt ! Does he expect me to live through it ?" "Oh, Mrs. Paler, what has happened ? You look ill and terrified. You have had bad tidings !* Will you not tell them to me ?" "What else have I come for but to tell you ?" she retorted, speaking in a tone that betrayed as much anger as distress. "I went to the study after you and frightened the girls ; they were for following me here, so I locked them in. I must tell some one, or my feelings will burst bounds ; they always were of a demonstrative nature. Not like his, the sly, quiet fox !" My fears flew to Mr. Paler. He had been in England some time now, ever since the middle of May. Though I did not understand her anger, or the last words. "You have heard from Mr. Paler, madam !" I uttered. "Some harm has happened to him !" "Harm ! yes, it has. Harm to me and my children, though, more than to him. Miss Hereford, he has just gone and ruined himself." "How ?" I asked, feeling grieved and puzz- led. "It was always his mania, that turf- gambling, and as a young man he got out of thousands at it. I thought how it would be—I declare I did —when he became restless here in Paris, just before the Epsom Meeting, and at last went off to it. 'You'll drop some hundreds over it, if you do go,' I said to him. 'Not I,' was his retort, 'since I have had children to drop hun- dreds over, I don't spare them for racehorses.' A wicked, reckless man !" "And has he—dropped the hundreds, madam ?" "Hundreds !" she shrieked ; and then, look- ing covertly around the room, as if fearful others might be listening, she sunk her voice to a whisper: "He has lost thirty thousand pounds.'' "Oh !" I exclaimed, in my horror. Mrs. Paler wrung her hands. "Thirty thousand pounds, every pound of it —and I hope remorse will haunt him to his dying day ! Epsom, Ascot, Goodwood—l know not how many other courses he has visited this summer, and has betted frantically at all. The mania was upon him again, and he could not stop himself. He is lying ill now at Doncaster at one of the inns there, and his brother writes ; he tells me they dare not conceal the facts any longer." "Shall you not go over to him, madam ?" "I go over to him !" she retorted; "I would not go to him if he were dying. But that my children are his, I would never live with him again; I would never notice him : I would get a divorce, if practicable, but for their sakes. You look shocked, Miss Hereford ; but you, an unmarried girl, cannot realize the blow in all its extent. Do you think a man has any right wilfully to bring disgrace and misery upon his wife and children ?" "Oh, madam—no !" "It is my punishment come home to me," she wildly exclaimed. "They told me how it would be, sooner or later, if I persisted in marrying James Paler ; but I would not listen to them. My mother and sisters will say it serves me right." I heard the children squealing and kicking at the school-room door, and did not dare to go to them. "It is next door to ruin," said Mrs. Paler ; "it will take from us more than half our in- come ; and present debt and embarrassment it must bring. Ah ! see how some things—trifles —happen sometimes for the best ! I thought it a great misfortune to lose you, but I am glad of it now, for I am sure I can no longer afford an expensive governess. Nor many servants, either. Oh, woe's me !" I stood looking at her distress with great pity, feeling that Mr. Paler must be next kin to a madman. And yet I had liked him : he was most affectionate to his children, and solicitous for the comfort of his household. Mrs. Paler seemed to become suddenly awake to the uproar. She darted to the school-room, scolded one, boxed another, locked the door upon them again, and came back to me. "I had better settle things with you at once, Miss Hereford. If I take it in my head, I may go off to my family in England at a minute's notice, there's no knowing, Your time here will expire in a fortnight ?" "Yes." "I had intended to offer an increased salary, if you would stay on—but that's all out of the question now. I suppose you have no settled plans ; no fresh situation to go to ?" "Madam, it has not been in my power to look out for one." "True. Yet it is better that you should go. I don't know what may become of us in future : where we shall live, or what we shall do—per- haps go to some obscure place in Germany, or Scotland, or Wales, and economise : anywhere, that it's cheap. I wonder that such men, who deliberately bring ruin on their families, are per- mitted to live ! But now we must try and find you another situation." "Perhaps Madame de Mellissie may know of something, and I think she would interest her- self for me, if I knew how to see her." "You can go and see her," replied Mrs. Paler; "you can go to-day, and call upon her. My maid shall take you. Never mind the studies : I feel as if I should not care if the girls never learnt anything again—with this blow upon them." I did not wait for a second permission ; the thought that Emily de Mellissie might help me to a fresh situation had been floating in my mind all night. She was well connected in England ; she was in the best society in Paris ; and she was good natured. I proceeded to the hotel (as it was called) of old Madame de Mellissie, for it was her house, and her son and daughter-in-law lived with her. Emily was at home, surrounded by morning callers, quite a crowd of them. She looked in- tensely surprised at seeing me ; was, or I fancied it, rather distant and haughty in manner ; and, pointing to a chair, desired me to wait. Did she deem I had presumptuously intruded as one of those morning callers ? Very humbly I waited until the last had gone ; schooling my- self to remember that I was but a poor gover- ness, while she was Madame Alfred de Mellissie, nee Miss Chandos, of Chandos ! "And so you have soon come to pay me a visit, Miss Hereford !" "I have come as a petitioner rather than as a visitor, Madame de Mellissie. Can you spare me five minutes ?" "I can spare you ten if you like, now those loungers are gone." I forthwith told my tale. That I was leaving Mrs. Paler's, where I was overworked ; that I had thought it possible she might know of some situation open ; if so, would she kindly recom- mend me ? "The idea, Anne Hereford, of your coming to me upon such an errand !" was her laughing answer. "As if I troubled myself about vacant situations ! There is a rumour current in Paris this morning that James Paler has been idiot enough to go and ruin himself on the turf. That he has lost a great deal of money is cer- tain, for the newspapers allude to it in a manner not to be mistaken. Thank goodness, Alfred has no weakness that way, though he is empty headed enough. Is it not a dreadful life, that of a governess ?" "At Mrs. Paler's it has been one of incessant toil. I hope to go where the duties will be lighter. It is not the life I like, or would have chosen ; but I must bend to circumstances." "That's true enough. I will ask all my friends in Paris if they—. By the way," she abruptly broke off, speaking with slow delibera- tion, "I wonder whether—if you should be found suitable—whether you would like some- thing else ?" I made no reply ; only waited for her to ex- plain herself. "The case is this, Miss Hereford," she re- sumed, assuming a light manner. "I thought of going to Chandos on a visit ; my husband was to have conducted me thither, but Madame de Mellissie has been ailing, and Alfred says it would not do to leave her. This morning we had a dispute over it. There's nothing much the matter with her ; were she in danger, it would be a different matter, but it's quite un- reasonable to keep me away from Chandos for nothing but this. Monsieur Alfred grew vexed, said he should not quit her, and moreover did not, himself, feel well enough to travel,—for he has a sort of French fever hanging over him. They are always getting it, you know. I am sick of hearing one say to another, 'J'ai le fièvre aujourd'hui !' Then I said I should go without him : 'With great pleasure,' he com- placently replied, provided I would engage a lady as companion, but he should not trust me alone. Complimentary to my discretion, was it not ?" I could not deny it—in a certain sense. "But the bargain was made ; it was indeed. I am to look out for a companion, and then I may be off the next hour to England, destina- tion Chandos. Would you like to take the place ?" A thousand thoughts flew over me at the abrupt question, crowding my mind, dyeing my cheeks. The prospect, at the first glance, ap- peared like a haven of rest after Mrs. Paler's. But—what would be my duties ?—and was I, a comparative child, fit for the post ? Should I be deemed fit by Monsieur de Mellissie ? "What should I have to do ?" I asked. "What I please," she answered. "You must amuse me when I am tired, read to me when I feel inclined to listen, play to me when I wish, be ready to go out when I want you, give orders to my maid for me, write my letters when I am too idle to do it, and post yourself at my side to play propriety between this and Chandos. Those are the onerous duties of a dame de com- pagnie, are they not ? but I have no experience in the matter. Could you undertake them ?" She spoke all this curiously, in a haughty tone, but with a smile on her face. I did not know how to take it. "Are you speaking seriously, Madame de Mellissie ?" "Of course I am. Stay, though. About the payment ? I could not afford to give much, for my purse has a hole at both ends of it, and I am dreadfully poor. I suppose you have had a high salary at Mrs. Paler's?" "Sixty guineas." "Oh, don't talk of it !" she exclaimed, stop- ping her ears. "I wish I could give it; but I never could squeeze out more than twenty. Anne, I will make a bargain with you : go with me to Chandos, stay with me during my visit there ; it will not last above a week or two ; and when we return here, I will get you a more lu- crative situation. For the time you are with me, I will give you what I can afford, and of course pay your travelling expenses !" With the word "Anne," she had gone back to the old familiar manner of our school-days. I accepted the offer willingly, subject, of course, to the approval of Monsieur de Mellissie ; and very doubtful in my mind whether it would be carried out. As to the payment—what she said seemed reasonable enough, and money were but little value in my eyes : I had not then found out its uses. Provided I had enough for my ordinary wants, it was all I cared for ; and a large sum was due to me from Mrs. Paler. Somewhat to my surprise, M. de Mellissie approved of me as his wife's companion, paying me a compliment on the occasion. "You are young, Mademoiselle Hereford, but I can see you are one fully to be trusted: I confide my wife to you." "I will do what I can, sir." "You laugh at my saying that thing," he said, speaking in his sometimes rather odd Eng- lish. "You think my wife can better take care of you, than you of her." "I am younger than she is." "That goes without telling, mademoiselle. You look it. The case is this," he added, in a confidential tone. "It is not that my wife wants protection on her journey ; she has her femme de chambre ; but because I do not think they would like to see her arrive alone at Chan- dos. My lady is difficile." The permission to depart accorded, Madame de Mellissie was all impatience to set off. I bought a dress or two, but she would not allow me time to get them made, and I had to take them unmade. Though I was going to Chandos as a humble companion, I could not forget that my birth would have entitled me to go as a visitor, and wished to dress accordingly. The foolish girl that I was ! I spent my money down to one Napoleon and some silver; it was not very much I had by me ; and then Mrs. Paler, to my intense consternation, told me it was not convenient to pay me my salary. She owed me thirty guineas. I had received the first thirty at the termination of the half year: it was all spent, including what I had laid out now. I appealed to Mrs. Paler's good feeling, showing my needy state. In return she appealed to mine. "My dear Miss Hereford, I have not got it. Until remittances shall reach me from Mr. Paler I am very short. You do not require money for your journey, Madame Alfred de Mellissie pays all that, and I will remit it to you ere you have been many days at Chandos. You will not, I am sure, object so far to oblige a poor dis- tressed woman." What answer could I give ? On a lovely September morning we started for Boulogne-sur-Mer, Madame Alfred de Mellissie I, and her maid Pauline. M. de Mellissie saw us off at the station. "I would have run down to Boulogne to put you on board the boat, but that I do not feel well enough ; my fever is very bad to-day," he said to me and his wife. She took no notice of the words, but I saw they were true : his pale, thin face had a hectic red upon it, his hand, meeting mine in the adieu, burnt me through my glove. "Madame de Mellissie, your husband certainly has an attack of fever," I said, as the train started. "Ah, yes, no doubt ; the French, as I pre- viously observed, are subject to it. But it never comes to anything." CHAPTER IX. CHANDOS The station of Hutton, some fifty miles' journey from London, on the Great Western Line, and two from Chandos, lay hot and bright in the September sun. It was afternoon when we reached it. Madame de Mellissie had pre- ferred to stay a night in London, and go on the next day at leisure. A handsome close carriage was in waiting outside the station, its three attendants wearing the Chandos livery, its panels bearing the arms of the Chandos family, surmounted by the badge of England's baronet- age, the bloody hand. The servants lifted their hands to their hats, and respectfully welcomed Madame de Mellissie. "Is mamma well ?" she inquired of them. "Quite well, madam." "And my brother ? Why is he not here ?" "Mr. Chandos, madame, was obliged to attend a county meeting." "Those ponderous county meetings !" she re- torted. "And they never do any good. Step in, Miss Hereford." We were soon driving along. Pauline sat be- hind with one of the footmen, the other re- mained to bring on the luggage. Madame de Mellissie looked out on the points of road as we passed, with all the glee of a child. "This is my second visit only to Chandos since my marriage. For two years mamma was implacable, and would not see me ; but last year she relented, and I came here for a little while. I don't believe, though, mamma will ever forgive me in her heart. I am sorry for it now." "Sorry for having—having married as you did ?" "Ay, I am. Those rebellious marriages never bring luck. They can't, you know ; only, girls are so thoughtless and stupid. I made my own bed, and must lie on it : it is not so bad as it might have been : but—of course, all that's left is to make the best of it. Alfred says we should get on better if we had children. I say we should not. And there, in the distance, you see the chimneys of Chandos. Look, Anne !" She was wayward in her moods ; wayward to me as to others. Sometimes, during our past journey, she would be distantly polite, calling me "Miss Hereford :" the next moment open and cordial as ever she had been at school. That she had thrown herself away in a worldly point of view, marrying as she did, was indispu- table, and Emily Chandos was not one to for- get it. Chandos was a long, low, red brick house, with gables and turrets to its two end wings, and a small turret in the middle, which gave it a somewhat gothic appearance. It was but two stories high, and struck me as looking low, not elevated, perhaps partly from its length. No steps ascended to the house; the lower rooms were on a level with the ground outside. It was a sort of double house ; the servants' rooms, kitchens, and chambers, all looking to the back, where there was a separate entrance. Extensive grounds lay around it, but they were so crowded with trees, except just close to the house, as to impart a weird-like, gloomy appearance; they completely shut Chandos House from the view of the world beyond, and the beyond world from the view of Chandos. A pretty trellised portico was at the entrance, jessamine, roses, and cle- matis entwined themselves round it, extending even to the windows on either hand. Before the carriage had well stopped, a gentleman rode up on horseback, followed by a groom. He threw himself from his horse, and came to the carriage-door. "Back just in time to receive you, Emily. How are you, my dear ?" "She jumped lightly from the carriage, and he was turning away with her when he saw me. His look of intense surprise was curious to be- hold, and he stopped in hesitation. Emily spoke ; her tone a slighting one, almost dis- paraging. "It is only my companion. Would you be- lieve it, Harry, Alfred took a prudent fit, and would not suffer me to travel alone ? So I en- gaged Miss Hereford. She was in quest of a situation ; and we knew each other in days gone by." He assisted me from the carriage. It was the same fine man I had seen some years before at Mademoiselle Barlieu's ; the same pale counte- nance, with its delicate features and rather sad expression; the same sweet voice. He then gave his arm to his sister, and I followed them to the sitting- room. They called it the oak parlour; a large, square room, somewhat dark, its colours harmoniously blending, and its win- dows shaded with the trained clematis and jessa- mine. It was the favourite sitting-room at Chandos ; other reception-rooms there were : a gorgeous double drawing-room, a well-stored library, a spacious dining-room; but the oak parlour was the favourite. And none could wonder at it ; for it was just one of those seductive apartments that speak to the feelings of repose. "Where's mamma ?" exclaimed Emily, as we entered. "Not far ; she will be here directly, you may be sure," replied Mr. Chandos. "Is this your first visit to our part of the country, Miss Here- ford ?" "Yes; I never was here before." Now what was there in this reply to offend Madame de Mellissie ? or did she resent his speaking to me at all ? She turned round, haughty pride stamped on every line of her countenance, rebuke on her tongue : though the rebuke lay in the tone, rather than in the words. "Miss Hereford ! the gentleman to whom you speak is Mr. Chandos." Had I again ommitted the sign of my depen- dent situation, the "sir ?" I, who had resolved, with my burning face (burning again now), never so to offend for the future. I supposed that that was the meaning of Madame de Mellissie ; I suppose so still, to this hour. I had spoken as though I were the equal of Mr. Chandos: I must not—I would not—so offend again. "Emily, my love, you are welcome." A little woman had entered the room, and was holding Madame de Mellissie in her arms. It was Lady Chandos. She wore a small and pretty widow's cap of net, a rich but soft black silk dress, and black lace mittens. Her nose was sharp, and her small face had a permanent redness, the result of disturbed health. She was not like her daughter, not half so beautiful ; and she was not like her handsome son, unless it was in the subdued, sad expression. She quite started back when her eyes fell on me, evidently not prepared to see a stranger. "Miss Hereford, mamma ; a young lady whom I have engaged as companion. Alfred would not suffer me to travel alone." Lady Chandos turned to me with a pleasant smile, but it struck me as being a forced one. "I think you look more fit to take care of Miss Hereford, Emily, than Miss Hereford of you," she said. "I am the elder by some two or three years, if you mean that, mamma. Oh ! it was just a whim of Alfred's." More questioning on either side ; just the in- formation sought for when relatives meet after a long absence. Emily answered carelessly and lightly ; and I sat behind unnoticed. Hill was called. Hill was still at Chandos, lady's-maid and house-keeper, a confidential servant. She came forward, wearing a dark brown gown and handsome black silk apron her grey hair banded under her close white cap. Lady Chandos spoke with her in an undertone, most likely consulting what chamber I should be placed in, for Hill turned her eyes upon me, and looked cross. A wide staircase, its balustrades of carved oak, gilded in places, wound up to the rooms above. A gallery, lighted from above, ran along this upper floor, from wing to wing, paintings lining it. It seemed as if these wings had some time been added to the house, for they were of a different style of architecture. A green-baize door shut them out from the gallery. Beyond this was a narrow corridor, and then a double door of stout oak, which formed the real entrance to the wings, the same on both sides. What rooms might be within them, I did not yet know. Each wing had a staircase of communi- cation between its upper and lower floors, and also a small door of egress to the grounds on the sides of the house, where the trees grew very thick. In the east wing (the house, you must understand, facing the south) this lower outer door was kept locked and barred—to all intents and purposes, closed up ; in the west wing, which was inhabited exclusively by Lady Chandos, the door was simply locked, and could be opened inside at will; though no one ever made use of it but herself, and she very rarely. Several rooms opened from the gallery to the front—all of them bed-chambers, except one : that was the library. The library was the room next to the east wing. Opposite to it was a door opening to a room that looked back, level with the north rooms in the east wing, and also with the rooms at the back of the gallery. A similar room opened from the gallery at the other end. In fact, the house was built in uni- form—one end the same as the other. Between the doors of these two rooms the wall of the gallery ran unbroken; there was, in fact no communication whatever, as regards the upper rooms, between the back portion of the house and the front. And now for the ground-floor. The portico was not in the middle of the house, but near to the east wing ; one room only, the large dining room, that seemed to be never used, lying be- tween. The hall was rather small, lighted only with painted windows, and shut in, the oak-par- lor being on the left hand as you entered. Two doors at the back of the hall led, the one to the handsome staircase, the other to the kitchens and other domestic rooms belonging to the house hold. A spacious corridor, underneath the gallery above, branched off from the hall by means of an open archway behind the oak- par- lour, and ran along the house ; and the various reception-rooms, all looking front, opened from it. Two magnificent drawing-rooms, communi- cating at will, and a study or morning-room, chiefly used by Mr. Chandos. A passage at the other end of the corridor led to the rooms at the back ; but there was no communication whatever on this lower floor with the wings. The doors in the hall, leading to the stairs and to the servants' offices, as often as not stood open during the day. Lady Chandos sat chiefly in the west wing ; always when she wished to be alone. And I think that is all that need be said , at present in regard to the in-door features of the house. The description has not been given unnecessarily. Hill marshalled me up the staircase. It had been decided that I was to have the "blue- room." The stairs terminated in a wide landing. The library and the east wing lay to the right, the long gallery on the left. Hill passed two chamber-doors, and opened a third, that of the blue-room. It was as little calculated for imme- diate occupation as any room can well be ; the whole of the furniture being covered up with clean sheets of linen, except the blue silk window- hangings. Madame de Mellissie had the room next to it, and I could hear her talk- ing in it with her mother. Hill surveyed mat- ters, and gave a sort of grunt. "Ugh! I thought the maids had uncovered this room yesterday : as I've just told my lady. They must have hurried over their cleaning pretty quick. Please to step this way, miss. If you'll wait here a few minutes, I'll have things arranged." She went back along the gallery, opened the door of the first bedroom on this side the stair case, and showed me in. It was a very pretty room, not large ; its hangings and curtains of delicate chintz, lined with pale rose-color, and its furniture not covered up, but as evidently not in occupation. I wondered why they could not put me in that. The window was wide open. I untied my bonnet and stood there, Hill closing the door and going down stairs, no doubt to call up the housemaids. With the exception of the gravel drive below, and the green lawn in front of it, its velvet soft- ness dotted with the brightest flowers, the place seemed to look upon nothing but trees, inter- sected with gloomy walks. Trees of all sorts-- low as dwarf shrubs, high as towering poplars, dark green, light green, bright green. The walks branched everywhere—one in particular, just opposite my window, looked very gloomy, shaded as it was by dark pine-trees. I found afterwards that it was called the Pine Walk. Why the place should have struck upon me with a gloom, I can hardly tell ; other people might have seen nothing to justify the impression. "Chandos has need to live in a world of its own," I thought, "for assuredly it is shut in from all view of the outer world." Then arose a sound as of some one softly whistling. It came from the adjacent library window, which must have been open the same as mine. I did not like to lean forward and look. Another moment, and the whistling ceased ; some one else appeared to have entered the room, and voices in conversation supervened. They were those of Lady Chandos and her son, and I became an involuntary hearer of what troubled me much. "This is one of Emily's wild actions," said Lady Chandos. "She knows quite enough of our unhappy secret to be sure that a stranger is not wanted at Chandos." "Look for the most improbable thing in the world, mother, before you look for discretion or thought in Emily," was the reply of Mr. Chan- dos. "But this is but a girl, unsuspicious naturally from her age and sex ; Emily might have introduced a more dangerous inmate. And it may happen that—" "I know what you would urge, Harry," in- terrupted the voice of Lady Chandos. "But there's no certainty. There cannot be ; and it is most unfortunate that Emily should have brought her here. Every night, night by night as they come round, I lie awake shivering ; if the wind does but move the tress, I start ; if an owl shrieks forth its dreary note, I almost shriek with it. You know what we have cause to expect. And for a stranger to be sleeping in the house !" "Yes, it is certainly unfortunate." "It is more than that ; it is dangerous. Harry, I have never, I hope, done a discour- teous thing, but it did occur to me to put this young girl to sleep on the servants' side of the house. I think her being so ladylike in appear- ance saved her from it, not my good manners. I don't know what to be at." Mr. Chandos made no reply. "I wish I had done it !" resumed Lady Chandos. "But there's another thing—Emily might object ; and to have any fuss would be worse than all. Still, look at the risk—the stake ! Is it too late, do you think, Harry ? Would it do to change her room now ?" "My dear mother, you are the best judge," observed Mr. Chandos. "I should not change the room if I could possibly avoid it ; the young lady might consider it in the light of an indig- nity. Emily introduced her in a slighting sort of manner ; but her looks are refined, her man- ners those of a gentlewoman." "Yes that's true." "How long does Emily think of remaining ?" "She says two weeks. But she is uncertain as the wind. How could she think of bringing a stranger ?" "Have you told her all ?—why it is just now particularly undesirable ?" "No, she never has been told. And I hope and trust she may be gone again before—before trouble comes." "Quite right ; I should not tell her. Well, mother, as you ask my opinion, I say things had better remain as arranged ; let the young lady occupy the blue- room. How cross Hill looked over it !" "Not without cause. I cannot think how Emily can have been so senseless. It is just as if she had planned the annoyance—bringing her here without writing ! Had she written, I should have forbidden it." "Let us hope that nothing will happen." "Harry, we cannot answer for it. Again, on Ethel's account a stranger in the house is not desirable. Emily might have thought of that." The voices ceased ; I supposed the speakers quitted the library ; and down I sat, overwhel- med with shame and consternation. To be in- troduced in this unwelcome manner into a house, bringing annoyance and discomfort to its in- mates, seemed to me little less than a crime ; I could scarcely have felt more guilty had I com- mitted one. And what was the mystery ? That something or other was amiss in the family was all too evi- dent. "Have they got a ghost here ?" I said to myself in peevishness. Involuntarily the long- past words of Annette Barlieu flashed into my mind ; and I had never thought of them since they were spoken. "There is always a cloud hanging over Chandos. They do not care to have a governess residing there, Miladi said it to me." Then what was the cloud ?—what was the fear ? Hill came in again, saying I was to keep the chintz-room. Lady Chandos, in passing just now along the gallery to her own apartments in the west wing, saw for the first time that the blue room was not ready. So it was decided berween her and Hill that I should occupy the chintz one. The luggage was brought up, and I began to dress for dinner. A question occurred to me-- are companions expected to dress, in the wide sense of the term ? I really did not know, in my inexperience. My berth entitled me to do so ; but did my position ? A minute's hesita- tion told me I was a guest at Chandos, treated and regarded as one, and might appear accord- ingly. So I put on a pretty low blue silk, with my necklace of real pearls, that had once been mamma's, round my neck, and the pale blue enamelled bracelets with the pearl clasps. I had been obliged to dress a good deal at Mrs. Paler's in the evening ; and—to confess the truth—l liked it. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 