LITERATURE. WHAT'S IN A NAME ? AN AUSTRALIAN CHRISTMAS STORY, BY F. S. WILSON. ; CHAPTER I. JULIET.-What man art thou, that thus bescreeu'd in night, So stumblcst on my counsel? ROMEO.- By a name I know not how to tell thee who I am : My name, dear saint, is hateful to myself ! '. . Shakspere. IT was. a night of wind-of rain-of thunder ! Terrible weather-for Christmas-time in Australia. On just such a night, (and taking it quite as a matter of course, too-think of that !) folks would gather round the blazing Ta_1* 1- 1- _'_ci__"L_i_7_ j_ _ J..11 il t *i .1 n English hearth, "each with his tale to tell," while the flame would-reflect itself in the bright good-humored faces, and the long wood-sparks, in a glow of good will, would hurry up the chimney, and rush into the cheerless air to tell of all the mirth and happiness they had left, never to rejoin it, but to fall and fade among snow-laden branches. Just such a night, as a traveller in other lands, plodding along through mud and mire, would be quite contented and satisfied to associate with Christmas ; but, in truth, a strange, sad night for a Christmas Eve in warm-breath'd, sunny-browed Australia. Town and country bore it alike. In the one, it drove people into the fastnesses of their own homes, and then howled and hissed at them because they pre- sumed to be jolly under such trying circumstances. Never a respectable householder ventured to stand on his own proper door-step, commenting on the weather, but it Avould hurl itself defiantly in his teeth : some huge drop of rain fell like a cold bullet on his neck, and the wind would rush round the corner with a mocking laugh, only to return after a brief absence, dashing at the house as if determined to effect a forcible entry. Drearily-drearily-the rain pattered on ^pavements-over- flowing the foot-worn hollows, till it joined the muddy tide swelling the street kennels, and rolled along to the sea. The dismal weather extended far into the country. There the wind crept about like an envious talebearer-breaking up old friendships-wrenching asunder the arms which had been inter- locked for years-and, with its evil whisper, maddening the mighty trees till they wrestled with, and threshed at, each other, and their mutilated branches fell heavily into the watery soil. Down in the mountain gulches, where the creeks were tumbling over everything in their haste, the darkness held chief court-but even in the more open forest land, it only recoiled for an instant, when the yellow light of the storm blazed forth, and the straight boles of the white gums stood' out like pillars of burnished brass. Round the eaves and outbuildings of a long low hush hotel on the southern road, the night hung gloomily enough, I tell you; and a strange sound wandered hopelessly about, like a guilty ghost wailing over some terrible deed, and with a desperate desire for human company, trying to force itself from the out- side loneliness in through the chinks of weatherboard and slab. The interior of that up-country tavern looked cosy and com- fortable, especially when contrasted with the shut-out night. If its leading features had been transferred to canvas by a skil- ful hand, it would have been pronounced an " Australian in- terior " at once. Where tl. walls did not exhibit the native timber, of which they were composed, they had been covered with old newspapers and scraps of pictorial journals, and many were the mysterious scratchings heard behind, as if a knot of cockroaches, deeply interested in politics, were reading them- selves blind over the leading articles. There was a large fireplace and chimney at one end-so large that you were impelled to the belief that they had been purchased second hand from the remains of a much more extensive mansion than the one to which they then belonged. In the fireplace, too, a brisk contest was going on between the lithe flames leaping up the chimney, and the large rain-drops coming down. Such a fire was in utter defiance of Australian Christmas sea- sons generally, but its then present purpose (as it hissed, and roared, and crunched hungrily the, glowing branches-shaking its fiery mane, like an angry lion) seemed to be, defiance of the very unusual weather revelling outside. Before the logs sat a traveller, crushing the sugar in a tumbler of second- rate brandy, and watching the smoke roaming among the rafters, as if seeking an outlet to the storm. The .traveller was young, and not at all bad looking ; in fact, he was just such a young fellow as many ladies (particularly those entering the shadier avenues of life) would have pro- nounced an " eligible person ; " but you could not look at his face for five consecutive minutes without tracing thereon the indications of inward uneasiness: " No going on to-night, that's evident," he said, conversing, with himself, aloud ; " would I conld say the same of to-morrow ! that this dreaded visit might be indefinitely postponed. A houseful of society, all pleasant and agreeable enough, no doubt-hospitable old father-charming wife-bevy of high mettled girls-and so on ; but, instead of a pleasing creation of so many new friends, I can only look forward to a series of in- troductions dragging in my unfortunate name;-'Miss Angelina De Courcy, my esteemed young friend Ezekiel Sprodge !-Miss Edith Hazelthorpe, my friend Sprodge ! ' Sprodge, Sprodge, Sprodge ! why was I ever born with such a name ? and when I was born, why didn't impending grief kill me in the cradle ? why didn't what my father must have borne before me frighten him from perpetuating the name of Sprodge?-and however did my mother come to marry into such a name ? Girls must be different now, and I don't wonder at it. I flatter myself I am a pleasant fellow enough. I never experience any difficulty in finding out pleasant companions at assembly or ball-the girls cluster about like bees round a'honey-pot; but when the detested name of Spr-well, never mind !-comes out, they fade off like-like-" Mr. S. gulped down some brandy ; and as, in his emotion, the potent liquor went " the wrong way," and his eyes filled with tears, the only simile suggested to his mind was-"like winking." " Suppose now (to imagine a very extraordinary case)-sup- pose I did overcome a young lady's abhorrence, and had smoothed over all the little ruffles of courtship-imagine me'at her feet--'.Dearest, be Mrs. Spro-!' Olor! /can'tsuppose such a case, but go through life like a criminal with a cannon- ball tied to his leg, or a dog with a tin kettle tied to his tail. Dear dear ! there's the rain, worse than ever. I hope this house isn't subject to floods, fori never could swim if once out of my depth." "Hallo ! house, house ! hallo ! " chimed in an outside voice, sonorous enough to be distinguished even above the din and clatter of the elements ; "Hi! here, you Jack, Tom, Harry ! confound you all, where are you ? But it is always the same in these outlandish other-side-.of-the-world inns. No comfort, no civility, no'attention, no nothing, for love or money, or even for .both combined." ' ?-..''. A jingle of spurred boots in the passage announced that the new comer had managed to dismount ; and as he opened the door of the room in which Mr. Sprodge was sitting, a terrific gust of wind took advantage of the chance to enter wich him, and seemed to hurry him in by its force-blowing drops of moisture from his saturated clothing, aud turning the cape of a heavy travelling wrapper over his head, thereby giving him rather a monkish appeatance. " The curses of a thousand fiends light on it ! I beg your pardon, sir !" he substituted, seeing Mr. Sprodge. " By all that's gentlemanly and polite, a hundred thousand apologies, and a little one in, for such a-what shall I say ?-shall I call it a most infernal intrusion ?" Mr. Sprodge hoped he wouldn't call it anything of the kind. He was only too happy to make the gentleman's acquaintance. The loneliness of the situation and the gloom of the weather had, he said, almost given him the horrors. " Yes, but, hang it ! such a companion !" protested the new arrival, looking at himself reproachfully ; " and bringing the outside damp and chill into this particularly snug and inviting apartment-'pon my soul, sir, it would be a relief to my feelings to be kicked out." Mr. Sprodge assured him he was too hard on himself, and re- iterated his satisfaction that the storm had driven him such a companion. " But, sir," responded that waif of the tempest "my situation is, at one and the same time, most confoundedly annoying, and yet sublimely ridiculous. My valise-a murrain on its maker is soaked through and through. I haven't a rag wherewith to change, and feel withal as moist and flabby as a pickled herring." " Here, landlord ! waiter ! whoever you may be. Ah, you are the landlord, are you?" "Waiting your orders, gents," returned the rough-looking proprietor of the establishment. " If you have such a thing as a spare bedroom, conduct me to it ; and let me involve myself in a suit of your apparel, until some of my own can be dried before the fire." " I don'.t know-a-whether-that is-perhaps you might pre- fer "-stammered Sprodge-" if you thought they would fit." " What is that, my dear sir ? " enquired the stranger, turning as he was about to quit the room. " Pardon my freedom," said Sprodge ; " I was about to sug- gest that a suit of my clothes might be more in accordance with your usual-" " My dear fellow ! I pledge you my soul's honor, nothing would suit me better. Of course, my ideas revolt at the thought of Boniface's attire-strongly impregnated, as it inevitably would be, with the smell of bar and stable ; still anything would be better than risking a delicate constitution ; and I was assured, before leaving the Fens, hythe famous Sir Anthony Croaker-" " I beg your pardon," interposed Mr. S., " Sir Anthony ?" "Croaker-our family physician. (By the by, I said 'our,' but I should only include myself, of course, when at home at the Lincolnshire estates.) Well, Sir Anthony assured me I must earefuliy abjure wet clothes. Sir, I accept your offer with grateful pleasure. As a gentleman, I shall certainly feel more at home in the habiliments of a gentleman." Here the stranger bowed, and Mr. Sprodge coughed, looked embarrassed, and finally bowed also. "I am grateful," repeated the new arrival. "Sir, if ever a man was uirforgetfully grateful for benefits conferred, that man is Montague La ville De Witz." Sprodge was electrified, He conducted his companion to the bed-chamber, and placed a portmanteau at his disposal to select from its contents, then returned to the sitting-room. " It's my best dress suit, in which I am to make a sensation to-morrow," pondered Sprodge. " He'll look well in it, too. Montague Laville de Witz ! what a name ! it quite takes my breath away. Ah! if I only had one like it." In a few minutes Mr. De Witz rèturned, looking all the better for having cast his skin ; and as he placed the traitor valise near i the.fire, to-dry it,..the admiration, of his companion increased, when he saw on a soddened address "card attached thp'reto',"the title of " Honorable" prefixed to the blurred and half obliterated name. ' Mr. De" Witz was the first to break silence. j " What is your usuul tipple ? ah ! Monty, Monty ! slang, my boy. Very bad, very bad-effects of Club life," he said-shak- ing his finger at himself meriacingly, and frowning ; " I meant to enquire, sir, to what class of liquor do you generally attach yourself?" j Mr. S prod ge modestly replied that on this occasion, feeling so dreadfully disheartened by the weather, he had ventured on brandy «nd water. " And a gentlemanly drink too, sir-a right genuine gentle- manly drink. Allow me to order in a bottle of the former-as to the latter, I have had so much of it during my journeyithat I don't think I shall require anymore for a fortnight. Land- lord, this to me, mind. How does the night look now ? any proceeding before morning ?" , . J : The laadlord answered that he " didn't think-there was,-no- how, 'cept by boat, for the road-tracks was all creeks, and the creeks waa all rivers." " Well, have my bill and an early breakfast ready by daylight. Mind !-no delay-at sunrise I start." " How awfully queer a man feels without money," continued Mr. De Witz, after the landlord had left the room, and a long I silence had been disturbed only, by the monotonous " wash, ! wash," of the waters outside, and the rattle of the rain on the I roof. I " Without money ?" echoed Mr. Sprodge. " Ye-es ! in a manner speaking. When I emptied my valise just now, I found my banknotes all stuck together, as if paper making on a small scale had been in progress, and my rags pf money were being converted into pulp. Without doubt I shall be able to separate them in the morning ; but, on my financial honor, if the landlord was now to submit a bill for eighteen - pence, I assure you. I could not, as a matter of fact, cash up. It is just as though a man, with a cheque for fifty pounds, were to arrive at the bank as the doors were closing - ' no use, sir ; it can't be done till the morning.' I was placed in a similar posi- tion once before-(but in the old country)-separated, as I thought, a five pound note from the wet mass, wherewith to pay my night's account, and gave it for that purpose to the waiter. The fellow was honest-(one of those rare occurrences a man sometimes meets with in a lifetime)-and told me that a note for ten pounds was sticking, to the back of the other. I was so - struck with the fellow's rectitude, that I gave him five pounds as an encouragement. It made my night's sojourn at the inn deuced expensive," mused Mr. De Witz ; " but hang it all, I couldn't do less. However, it made me careful ever after. How the wind roars." " It does, indeed," assented his companion. " Pardon me, my dear sir-do you intend to travel to-morrow?" ! " I am afraid so, Mr. De Witz." " Ila ! the mention of my name reminds me that I have not I yet-the honor ? and, by all that's gentlemanly, such culpable ' neglect, to sit here in a gentleman's clothes without even-inquir- ing the name of my benefactor." " Oh ! don't mention that, it doesn't mattev at all ; it's of no consequence- really, it is of no importance !" stammered Mr. Sprodge. "Pardon me, my dear sir, your generosity leads you to say so, but to meit is of. deadly importance. It is a name that will be enshrined in my inmost soul- engraved on the hidden tablets of my heart-a name which I shall always refer to with pride i -and gratitude before the guests of my honored father at Wyld I guse Hall-and that name is ?-" " Sprodge ! Ezekiel Sprodge !" blurted out its desperate owner. Mr. De Witz smiled. "Ah! I don't Avon der at it! smile on!" cried Mr. S, excitedly - I "Is it any matter of surprise that I said just now I was afraid I I should have to travel to morroAV? 'when! know the torment to be borne in the publication of my Avretched name ?" " There is something singular about it," gently compassion- ated Mr. De Witz, taking his cigar from his mouth, and twist- ing his moustache into curl, "It has a kind of squashed, flat tened-out sound, as if some one had trodden on a frog." - ? "Whoever heard of such a name!" proceeded Sprodge bitterly. "-If anybody ever met Avith it in a romance, or poem, or three-volume novel, let him stand out and say so-but I defy him. I believe it has never been asserted on good authority that an heiress ever fell in love and ian aAvay Avith a wretch bearing such a luckless name. It is only fit for a fishmonger, or the funny man in a farce. Who helps a Sprodge when he gets into difficulties ? who sympathises Avith his toothache ? Avho inserts his name in a will, or goes to the funeral of a departed Sprodge ? -nobody. I'm ashamed of it." " Why not change it ?" coolly suggested Mr. Montague Laville De Witz. "How can I ?" savagely snapped Sprodge, getting vicious un- - der the combined influences of hot brandy and his wrongs. "I'm not an individual of the female persuasion,' to change it in that Avay. No-I've read in natural history books of a snake chang- -; ing his skin-I never heard of a Sprodge changing his name." "I've heard of others doing so," sloAvly responded the im- perturbable De Witz, " and it AVÍII be a hundred thousand pities multiplied by fifty if you don't do the same. A young man - like you, of genial temper, prepossessing appearance, good ad- dress", and commanding figure, ought to make his way in any society, and to any position. Two things- and tAVO only-you require :-nerve, and a sounding name. You must cultivate ?the first-I will give you the second." "You? come'Ti.oAA'-no larks!" ejaculated the astonished Sprodge, looking as if the stranger Avas about to perform the i part of a godfather. * "At least," said De Witz, "I will lend, you one for the pre- sent ; by and. by we Avili look out one for a permanency." " What do you suggest?" asked Mr. Sprodge, in rather a per- turbed manner, as if he felt like compounding a felony, or being accessory to a murder. " Oh, that my. uncle had not insisted on this visit." "I suggest the one I have most right to lend"-responded his companion-"my OAvn." " But there cannot be two De Witzs ?" " Nor two Sprodges !" smiled Montague ; " therefore, Avhile you adopt mine, I will assume yours. That will give you a trial in harness : you Avili see IIOAV such a change suits you-it Avili do, like a slop-made suit, for the present; and at our leisure we can pick out adíame which will fit you like your own skin. NOAV, this family to Avhich you are going-do they knoAV you by name? " " They don't know rae at all," replied Sprodge, " No : it is certainly mentioned in my uncle's letter of introduction, but that I needn't deliver. I knoAV they are aware of this intended visit, for my uncle wrote frequently on the subject." " The very thing ! " exclaimed his companian. " Announce yourself to them as Mr. Montague Laville De Witz, act up to the name, assuming the character as if you Avere to the manner born, and I stake my reputation as a gentleman, that something good Avili folloAV. I'll give you a case in point. There was Dubbs- Dubbs of the Civil Service-could do nothing in tho marrying line, and would have gone through life, lonely as the Flying Dutchman, trying to double Cape Matrimony, until his . Continued on page 318. : . planks gave way and he sank to the bottom. 'Dubbs,' I said one day, ' change your name. It's done for racehorses-done for ships. "Why "not for you ? My dear felloAV, paint out 'Dubbs,' and sail your next trip a Vincent Fitz Neville, A.l. at Lloyd's.' Hè did so-and what ensued? In less than three months a broken-Avinded old dowager handed over twenty thousand pounds for the honor of bearing his name, and only lived long enough to give orders to have it inscribed in gold letters on- a marble tomb. Dubbs-or, as I should call him, Fitz Neville sent me a letter of thanks, containing a cheque for five hundred pounds as an earnest of his gratitude. Asa memento of the circumstance I purchased a pin-this, in my scarf (a sorry one, it is true, but enough to serve as a landmark in the track of friendship) - and handed the balance to various charitable. institutions." Mr. Sprodge was so encouraged by this narrative that he said " he thought he'd try it-not to go to such serious lengths, you know, as would injure anybody- but he should like to sink the hateful name of Sprodge, at all events during the term of his approaching visit." The brandy being exhausted, the fire nearly out, and the rain still falling pitilessly, Mr. De Witz suggested "roosting-a 'slangy ' expression," he added, "but picked up somehow in among the keepers of the Wyldguse preserves." "Farewell, old fellow," he said, grasping the hand of the slightly inebriated Sprodge ; " I shall probably start before you are stirring. You will find the clothes in my room, and let me thank you a thousand times for your courtesy. We shall meet again before long, meanwhile, stick to your new title till every- thing shall wear an azure hue, and, above all, don't be sparing of Wyldguse, among the Lincolnshire fens. Draw on its resources right royally, they'll bear it, and don't forget to institute comparisons and disparage everything Australian, people who do so are the most popular out here. Good night ! " 