THE PIONEER SQUATTERS' PETITION. The petition that is now going round for signature contains the following clauses :— No. 1, setting forth the impending failure of the northern squatters, and consequently of the North itself, in the absence of some remedy for the grievances under which they are suffering. No. 2 enumerates the said grievances, viz., excessive rents, dear labour, double survey fees, heavy taxes, extra freight, &c.; Clause 3 points out that the northern squatters are paying as much rent after six years as the Darling Downs squatters did after nineteen years. Clause 4 proposes certain remedies, by means of which, we presume, the petitioners hope to be able to surmount their difficulties. These are—Reduction of rent to £12 10s. per block (that is 10s. per square mile); indefeasible leases for twenty-one years, with pre-emptive right over one-half of the run, to be exercised at any time during the currency of the lease ; that in consideration of the inferiority of the land in the North there should be 110 classification of pastoral lands, but that the whole should rank for purposes of sale and purchase with the second-class pastoral land of the South. There can be no question that owing to various circumstances the northern squatters have great difficulties to overcome, and we fear it is but too true that the determination expressed of abandoning the country is no empty threat, but a dire necessity that, unless something is done to assist them, will be forced upon them by the pressure of circumstances, and that therefore it is of the utmost importance to the country that somethiug should be done ; but we do not think that the petition puts the matter as forcibly as it might be put. WALGETT.—A few flying thunderstorms ushered in this week, accompanied by rain, which descended in each case in showers of an hour to an hour and a-half in duration. No good will accrue from them, unless it be the clearing of the atmosphere for a time. The cry of famine is now being heard throughout the Warrego district in addition to that of drought, and the perspective looks ominous. There is hardly any flour to be had at either st «>res or stations* The c&ttle; arc dying very fast —so fast indeed, that stockowners believe it is the disease known as "Cumberland" which is killing them. Fifty thousand sheep are now actually on the road between Walgett and Brewarrina, a distance of one hundred miles. One half belong to Macleay, Little and Co., of Tallawanta, and these sheep have sixteen months' wool on them; and the rest are from the Bokira stations known as the runs of Andrew Doyle, Esq. This is squatting with a vengeance, and a wretched plight they are in. In the first place they are travelling over a country that has had to be abandoned for grazing purposes during the past twelve months; the sheep are dying in thousands from weakness ; men on high wages going through the farce of driving them; the draught horses cannot go even the distance with the ration dray that the sheep stagger, and consequently the shepherds won't go on. And what with the sheep staggering, the horses starving, and the men striking work, there is a perfect scene of ruin and confusion. In the midst of this the unfortunate " supers " are blackguarded for not going their distance by those parties who are in charge of the runs, and are afraid that rain may fall while these emaciated animals are on their ground, which would, of course, seriously affect a station holder. Impounding is impossible, and the only safety valve then is to let off the gas. This state of affairs engenders freedom of debate. CATTLE-STEALING.—At Murrurundi last last week, llobert and Henry Hall, brothers of the once notorious Ben. Hall, were fully committed for cattle- stealing.—Bail allowed. Western Post. WE notice from the Brisbane papers that % very heavy storm of rain occurred there on the 21st ult. Three inches and a half of rain fell in an hour. Queen-street and Edwardstreet were greatly flooded, and damage done to the extent of £1500. A small creek there rose five feet higher than it has ever been known to do before.— EFFORTS are being made at Rockliampton for the formation of a company to run a line of steam vessels between that port and Sydney, to oppose the vessels of the A.S.N. Company's line.—Argus. IMPROVEMENTS are rapidly going on in the town of Albtiry, and the builders and brickmakers are doing a good stroke of business. The Catholic convent and church are progressing, and a parsonage house is to be built at the Church of England. An immense wine cellar is being excavated for Mr. J. T. Fallon, and new houses and places of business are being built by Messrs. Day, Evans, Mathews, and several other residents, and the brickmakers cannot supply bricks fast enough for the demand. Albury has not shown so much activity for a long time.— TRAVELLING STOCK.—At one small run on the Billabong 300,000 sheep have passed through, and left the country bare and waterless. THE WEATHER AT GOULBUEN continues extremely hot. About two or three o'clock yesterday morning there was a thunderstorm, and some good showers felL In the evening there were again heavy thunder showers.— A NEW CRIME.—Agrarian outrages take various forms, but the following, given by the Bourke correspondent of the Braidwood Dispatch, is a new phase of these depredations :—" A few days ago some low contemptible being maliciously hoed up some five hundred head of beautiful cabbage, the property of Mr. John B. Kelly. Mr. Kelly, it appears, has a private garden, which has for some time been an eye-sore to a certain character. Between the hours of eight and nine p.m. the garden was entered by climbing the fence, and the destroyer started work in right good will. White-heart cabbages were split in twain with the hoe, and others dragged up by the roots—in all ten beds of 100 each were completely destroyed and left scattered about the garden." A FEARFUL STATE OF THINGS.—If reliance can be placed on the statement of the Carcoar correspondent of the Bathurst Free Press, a more terrible instance of the effects of drought can scarcely be given than the following :—" The district is crowded with travelling sheep, there being upwards of 200,000 in at the present time, hundreds of which are dying daily, and not one-fourth of them will live to return to their stations. If rain does not come soon they will perish for the want of water, and if rain does come they will die from cold and weakness ; for I am certain that six hours' rain would kill 50,000 of them. REPRESENTATION OF THE DISTRICT.— Signatures to the memorial praying that an additional member of Parliament may be allowed to this electorate have been coming in for the last week or two, and up to the present time 800 signatures have been received. The memorial has been transmitted to Sydney. Considerable difficulty has been felt in getting in the back country signatures ; a good many gentlemen who were written to have neglected to send in their lists altogether, while others have been obliged to send them back with only a few signatures, the difficulty of getting at electors who reside in out-of-the-way places being mentioned to explain the scarcity of signatures from such places. One gentleman sends back his list with the remark that " almost all our electors are travelling with sheep, and cannot therefore be reached. " The result obtained—namely, 800 signatures— may, however, be taken as sufficient evidence that the prayer of the memorial has been agreed to in every part of this electorate.— LAND SELECTIONS.—1706\ acres were taken up on the 28th ult. at the Albury Land Office. Most of the above selections are on the Quat Quatta run, upon water reserves which have lately been thrown open for selection. There were several competitors for some of the lots, and a small crowd of selectors were at the Land Office at ten o'clock.—Banner. THE MELBOURNE MEAT PRESERVING COMPANY. on Friday, the 29th ult, afforded an additional and most convincing proof of the success of their process in preserving meat and rendering it capable of withstanding not only the effects of time, but the influence of the warmest climate. In response to the invitation of Mr. Caldwell, a number of gentlemen including several of the leading merchants of the city, assembled at the company's premises for the purpose of inspecting the opening of a case of preserved meat, wnich had been allowed to remain four months in the furnaceroom attached to the works, where the temperature on an average was at least 110°. The case containing the mutton was composed of f-inch deal boards, securely fastened, and about three feet by one foot in dimensions. The meat, prepared in the usual manner, was placed in these cases, and when packed a quantity of liquid fat was poured in until the cases were completely filled. They were then nailed down, and placed in the fu maceroom. When opened, the temperature appeared to have had but little effect upon the meat. The fat resembled soft wax on the surface, but was quite firm at the depth of about an inch. The meat was then taken out, and a portion of it prepared for luncheon. When dressed it was found most delicious and savouiy, all present expressing the most per • feet satisfaction with the result of the experiment. Amongst those present were Commissary-General Home, Alderman Cohen, Mr. Keep (of Messrs. Keep Brothers), Mr. M'Farlane and others.—Argus. A BRIDGE DESTROYED BY FIRE.—About noon oil Monday Mr. W. P. Faithful, in coining to town from his residence, Springfield, found that one of the small wooden bridges on the Braidwood road at a creek known as Miss Waugh's Creek, was on fire. He brought word to town, and the fire-engine from Messrs. Davies, Alexander, and Co.'s was taken out, three of the police, two men of Mr. Davies', and Mr. Blackshaw, the saddler, accompanying it. Mr. Thorn, who was in Goulburn at the time, also went out and with some of his men assisted. By their exertions the fire was prevented from spreading; but the bridge being constructed of timber, was destroyed. Mr. Thorn and his men then set to work r-and formed a crossing over the ereek practicable for any sort of vehicle during dry weather. SHEEP AND CATTLE RETURNS.—From the returns recently made to the Clerk of Petty Sessions, we learn that there are now depasturing in the Wagga Wagga district 717,670 sheep against 697,501 at this time last year. This shows an increase of rather more than 10,000, and as some supplementary returns have yet to be sent in, the actual increase must be taken to be somewhat higher. The cattle in the district, we have ascertained from the same source, are numbered at 40,581 against 42,923 at this time last year. This shows a decrease of about 2500, but as supplementary returns have in this case also to be sent in, and one gentleman's papers for a herd of about 1000 have been returned to him for correction as informal, it is probable that the total number is fully up to the roll of last year.—Express. PRESERVED BEEF.—On Monday, at eleven o'clock, a number of the captains of ships in harbour, with others interested, met at Messrs. Barron and Austin's store, to open seven half-pound tins of raw beef steak, preserved by Mr. Manning's* process. There were two tins opened. The contents of one tin had been preserved for eleven weeks, and one tin for seven months. It was grilled at Pilford's, Royal Admiral Hotel, and eaten at Barron and Austin's stores, and pronounced and certified to as equal to any butcher's meat. There was also shewn one tin, the contents having been kept exposed to sun, night air, Ac., for twelve months. It is thought that this preserved beef may prove equal to any class of preserved meats, and ultimately do away, to a great extent, with salt beef for ship's use.—S. M. Herald. TRAVELLING SHEEP.—A mob of mixed sheep are approaching Yass from the station of Mr. Douglass, on the Barwon, some 600 miles from here, close to Fort Bourke, that have been driven away in search of grass and water. That part of the territory is almost abandoned from these circumstances.— Yass Courier. PASTORAL.—A thousand head of mixed sheep were offered in Yass yesterday at 6cL a head. They came from the northern country, and are considerably below the condition of "stores."—Courier. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH DEPARTMENT.—Mr. J. J. Roberts, late line-inspector at Yass, succeeds Mr. Dee at Goulborn. FORBES POLICE MAGISTRATE.—The Government have issued a Commission to inquire into the charges preferred against Mr. Farrand, the Police Magiatatte. AN EDITOR'S DUTIES.—The following extract from a letter which has been sent to us will give an idea of some of the queer miscellaneous jobs which editors of up-country papers are sometimes asked to attend to by residents in the bush. Our correspondent says:—" Will you do me the favour of selecting four valentines ; I want them for so and so. The one for the eldest lady must be a very good one, and with plenty of lace and sentiment; in fact, I mean to follow up the valentine with a personal visit, in order to pay my addresses in that quarter ! The other valentines for the younger ladies you can get as you please—either humorous or sentimental, according to your own frame of mind. Only don't pitch it too strong either way I"— UPPER BOGAN.—The weather is still hot and dry. A few favoured stations have had showers and can manage to go on for two months, but some will have to move their stock unless rain comes next week. The wild horses are beginuing to die ; I counted sixteen dead in about one hundred yards down the river a few days since.— DARLING RIVER.—Wonder if we shall ever get rain. Everything is daily looking worse, alhtough there is plenty of grass within about six miles of the river ; but of course no water. Mr. Mathews, of the Dan O'Connell, is cutting and carting in hay four feet in length. This would lead any one to believe that there must be mismanagement somewhere. The thing is wells—but again the thing is what is to pay for them ? The short tenure given to the squatter won't allow it. It costs about £500 to put down a well and erect machinery for lifting water, and then there is the current expense of working it; and one at least is required on every five-mile block of land, so that the outlay would be considerable, and the lease should be long. What is the use of talking of five or even ten years to return such an outlay %—nonsense. Dubbo Dispatch. HEALTHY EATING.—Seated at table, says the Gentleman'8 Magazine, Mr. Walker had his series of precepts boxed and partitioned in his mind, each as ready to his hand as the letters in a compositor's case. Masticate thoroughly, in a cheerful composed humour, and drink in sips. An hour or two after eating, a little more liquid facilitates instead of impeding digestion. Gentle exercise is allowable after meals. Drink beer in a wineglass, in order to maintain the habit of only sipping while eating. The drinking being well under control, there is no danger of over-eating. The moment the first appetite is satisfied, leave off, and be not tempted by any delicacy to recommence. The table philosopher has a winning way with him, whispering the following into ladies' ears. The signs of healthy eating, under rule, as exhibited in the countenance, are "clearness and smoothness of complexion, thinness of lips and nose, no wrinkles under the eyes, the eyes bright, the mouth inclined to a smile, not drawn down with a sour look, as is the case with an overcharged digestion. There should be no fulness in the under lip, or uneasy sensation when pressed, which is a sure sign of the derangement of the stomach. Most especially the lower parts of the uose should have a clear, healthy appearance, not thickened and full of dark clots and inflammatory impurities, as is so frequently to be observed. The difference between a pure state and that of irregular living is so great as to produce in many persons an almost complete change of appearance iu expression of countenance and personal attraction; and attention to diet is of the first consequence to those who wish to improve or retaiu their looks as well as to enjoy the perfect possession of their faculties. " NAPOLEON AND THE POLES. — The Dziennik Poznanski lias just published a Polish translation of a French manuscript, dated " Warsaw, March 15, 1814," describing from personal observation, the doings of the Poles of Napoleon's army after Poniatowski's death. The most interesting part of this document is a full report of a very characteristic speech made by the Emperor to the Poles at Fulda, witii the object of persuading them to abandon their project of returning to their own country, and to go with him to France instead. We give this report in a condensed form. Napoleon first ordered all the French officers, except the Dukes of Neufchatel and Vicenza, to leave him. He then addressed the assembled Poles as follows :—" Your leader has just told me that you wish to return to your country. You are brave men, you have done your duty to me, and I have nothing more to require of you. Yet I advise you, as a citizen of Europe (commie homme EuropeenJ, to stay with me. The Duchy of Warsaw is the fruit of my blood, and I will not abandon it. Is it the want of orders from your king that dis turbs you ? He remains at Leipzig by my wish. He wanted to go with me, but if I had taken him the Saxons would have made the Duke of Weimar their king. Besides, he is only your temporary sovereign; I knew he was not the man for you. I" wished to make Poland a kingdom, and I obtained the consent of Austria by treaty to her ceding Gallicia. If I had remained between Witebsk and Smolensk, Poland would have existed. I went too far. I made mistakes. Fortune has turned her back to me during the last two years; but fortune is a woman, she will change; and who knows? perhaps your unlucky star drew mine after it. But why should you lose confidence in me ? On the 19th I won a battle, on the 18th I did not lose one, on the 18th I retired. Some sergeant blew up a bridge too soon, and 1 lost 12,000 men in consequence. But even if I had lost the battle, what is one defeat ? The Germans have stopped me this time, but I shall return. I only wish they would burn two or three towns in France"for me; such an event would bring me a million soldiers. I would then pursue them with my standards as far as the Vistula. You are disturbed be- cause Poniatowski is not with you. He is not dead, as you think; he is a prisoner; they say he has disguised himself. He knows Russia, and will return. You would not have been in your present condition if your Government bad been more pliant. Your Finance Minister did some stupid things, the Czartoryskis opposed me, and your militia was a failure. There are only 2000 of you, so that from a military point of view you are of no assistance to me, Drave as you are; yet I advise you for your own interests, to stay with me. I will send you into the interior of France, and give you horses and pav. I am determined not to cease making war so- lon«- as my people shall require it. My fortune must improve, unless, indeed, I meet with an early death. Peace will come, and then I will think of you. Why did I not make peace at Dresden ? Because I did not want to give up the Duchy of Warsaw. That duchy exists under the treaty of Tilsit, to which I still hold, and you may depend upon it I shall keep with you to the last. In any case I will look after each of you individually if you follow me. If yon leave me I cannot protect you, and you will be treated as prisoners. What say you?" The Emperor then cast a penetrating glance at the faces round him, and finding that the Poles hesitated, repeated some of the arguments he had used. At length General Tolioski exclaimed, " Sire, we w.ll go with you everywhere." These words were repeated by most of the soldiers present, and Napoleon, with a look of intense satisfaction on his face, rode aw&v; amid loud cries of " Vive l'Empereur! " A SCOBKEB loveth not one that reproveth him : neither will he go unto the wise. To MR. PUNCH.—Sir,—Being what is called A "Tradesman's Poet, "you would, by publishing the following specimen of my style of poetical advertisement, confer a favour on your obedient servant—FILLET MCCARBOT. SPECIMEN no. I. Style—The Political Bucther's. The Kiama Mystery's dropt to the ground, (Hind quarter of mutton is 3d. per lb.) The ghost of poor Parkes got him into a mess, (By the whole or half sheep it's id. less) The papers of this quite a laughing-stock make, (•24rt."s the price of our tender rump steak) His troubles have come in a regular lump, (The sirlnin of beef's the same price as tlie rump) His very best friends, too, have lost their belief; (6d per lb. is the price of spiced beef) He ccrtainlj told a political crammer, • (Beef sausage is 2d., pork ditto a tanner) Of Duncan's affair, too, he's made a bad job; (The snet is 3d., the ox-tongues (2s.) two bob.) — Sydney Punch. A NOVEL export will leave Hobart Town for New Zealand by the Bella Mary, says the Hobart Toum Evening Mail, namely, 11,0C0 frogs forwarded from "up the country," to be acclima - tised in the neighbouring colony, where, it appears. they are wanted, there being neither frogs nor toads in the country. THE CATTLE TKADK.—Captain Linklater returned from New Caledonia on Tuesday, after a most successful trip. The outward voyage occupied ten days, owing to the prevalence of light breezes ; the return was accomplished in five days. All the cattle were landed :n good condition, and gave great satisfaction, being pronounced the best cargo ever landed in New Caledonia. A bullock killed immediately after landing weighed 7 cwt. The Camilla brings a package of plants from the director of the public gardens, consigned to Mons A. Thozet, of Roekhampton. Captain Linklater intends to take back another mob of cattle and a few score sheep. The Restless, Capt. Curphey, was landing sheep and discharging coal at New Caledonia when the Camilla sailed.—Gladstone Observer. BKKCIIWOBTH, Monday.—Two hundred and fifty-nine tons have been crushed from the Happy Valley Reef, which yielded 904 ounces of gold. —Port Denison. Times. —Correspondent Maitland Mercury. Argus. Banner. Herald Albury Banner. Albury Banner. Dubbu Dispatch. —Correspondent ? 