DETENTION OF "fHE WESTERN MAIL. lmaiEJitornftlieI)aUu-JtI<rnild. : I gin,— As you gave a full raport of tlio debaio "on the dotontlon of tho Wostera mail," in "which Mr. Mile, introduces my name most un- necoBsarily, I shall esteem it a favor if you will tnasrtlon to the enolosed lottor, addrossed to the Courier on tho subject.— I am, &c.;, ___ . T. J. BADLEIK. Eurella, April 12, 18B». To the Editor of the Courier. Sir, — My name having been montioned, most unwarrantably, by Mr. MIIcb in the dobate on his motion anent tbe detention of tbe Western Mail, i cravo space in your journal to give bis state ments, as far as they concern mo,. a full end com plete contradiction. ; Mr. Miles says " ho was credibly informed that I the real reason of the detention of tlio mail was to enable tbe agent' of a cabinet minister to pro ceed to tho Warrego, and mako arrangements to secure tie return without opposition," and bo subsequently names me ss the agent in question. The only particle of troth in bis 'long narra tive is the faot that I was in Roma when tbe mail arrived. Tbo rest is pure invontion, and I challenge Mr. Miles to produce bis very credible informer, otherwise bo will lead one to believo kMt was-s-colobial=a.Mrs.:IIarris,,d=tbe creation.of his own brain— not usually prolific In this respect. After leaving Roma I certainly proceeded to tbe Warrego, on my own business, and on my friebd Mr. Qeary's invitation,- 1 remained with iiim until the eleotion, when I seconded tho I nomination of Mr, Hodgson. There were other electors present who were ready to perform tbe same duty, and it was simply ont of complimont to myself, as the only resident of tbo northern portion of (he district then present, that 1 was seleoted'to do so. I am not in tbe habit of, inter fering unasked in matters which do not concern mo, and I most certainly 'should never dream of pushing myself into tho position of agent unless requested. Neither by word or deod did I cams any person to think I was either agent or prlu- \- cipal in the last clootion. j Mr. Miles -has also " boon inforrood " (not "credibly" this time it scorns) that I " sold my birthright for a mens of pottage." Some four I months ago, I heard that the bonorahlo.momber for 'tlio Maranoa had discovered a "mare's nest" of this kind, but I believed he had more sonso : than to notice it. It appears, bowovor, to havo been in process of ihoubntion sinco thon. Making an abortive attempt at vitality the previous week, but being crushed by the Speaker, it collapsed, and only after another sovon days' careful nursing, was it most appropriately brought forth on the L first of April I 1 Tho assortion ' that my retirement from tho Warrego election last September was the result of a bargain with Mf. Hodgson is uttorly falso. I bad, before -the nomination, como to tho deter mination that, if Mr. Fritohard wna , nominated, I would retire in favor of Mr. Hodgson ; and I did so, much to the ohagrin of Mr. Prltohard's agent and prinoipni supporter, who I have little doubt is the " credible informer" 'beforo.rcferred to. Even supposiug I did stipulate with Mr. | Hodgson that, " if I retired, I should bo provided for," I deny Mr. Miles' right to intorforo in the I matter in any way. I admit that the oleotorB of tho Warrego ..Would liavo -had ' iiiet bauso of com- I plaint against-me hnd l dono this'; but Mr. Miles lias no interest in the Warrego district! Ho is j totally unconnected with it, and his falso repre- I aentations serve no publio ond, but appenr to be made for the sole .purpnso of injuring me, and I thus gratifying some, private pique. Apologising for taking up-so muoli space on a porsonal matter, ' I remain, &o..; T. J. SAOLBIR. aureus, izin April, ihuu. " A letter received -from a Victorian dlggor who went to Natal says : — " One large moroliunt of this bos place evidently boon the cause of oiroulnting eo many, false reports. He showed us some quarts from which he said: ho could get .BO ozs. to the ton, whloh I am sure would not produce a penny weight. I think the follow must bo cracked, for ho allowed us to try a prospect of them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of tbo most likely-looking stone we failed to discover the ghost of ' a spec, nor could .we find the colour on any of tho lot he had. If ever a fellow deserved lynching he dooB, audi should not mind making one to do it.. Most people are of tbe opinion that the two specimens that were sent home oamo first from Australia; at any rate, nothing like them has ever been found here since or before. I bnd somo conversation with a Herman banker, who told me that an English prospecting party, formed on the strength of the aforesaid specimens, . . was expected to arrive in the course -of a few dayB, so I have decided on wailing their arrival. Tho diggings are no ond of a dlstanco up-country —quite a Burke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 mile's. No chance of swagging it here. It will cost £40 per man for the pur- chaso.of waggon, bullocks, provisions, &c.; ; con sequently we havo thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospeotors make their appear- anco, and then try and join with them. In for a penny or a pound; wo are come so for and are bent on- seeing a littlo of tbe country ; but what- ' ever you do stay where you are till you hear from mo again. Do all you can to prevent Victorians coming over. You could not get anyone to leave — .Natal lor-tbe-dlgglbgs tf-you-paid-thom. — I- bear- thorn nro some old Otago diggers horo, but I havo not bcon able to drop in with them. Again, I say, stay whoro-you aro. Yon romomber-Mount Hope rush, or Mount Hoax, as it wss called. There is a good doal of ' ditto' about this afiidr, \--snmothingnot quito tlio 'purotnorino.' By tho way, I tried to got a job at my trade to pass time, but ' it wouldn't wash.' The'lCafHra work for noxt to nothing — 12s. per month, and two foods of sweot potatoes per day ; null as for living being so vory chonp, you can live as ohcaply in Viotorlu as lioro. I will wrlta as soon as J can get a ohanoo of doing-so. I wish I was' baok at ' Guildford again; onlch moooinlng on a wild-goose choso again, that's nil." - ... ; Iowa has a prohibitoryHiquor law, but usos nearly 2,000,000 dollars wortiuof " tho ardont" nevertheless. 