CURRENT TOPICS. The journeymen bakers are to hold a I meeting this evening, at Gough's Eureka I Hotel* I The Hon. James M'Kcab, in his capa city of President of the Board of Land and Works, has taken the initiative in bringing about some important changes in the pre sent system of tendering for public works. The alteration to be made will be best understood by the following report of what occurred at a meeting of the board, yesterday, for the purpose of opening tenders. The first tenders opened were for 17 tons of pipes and other castings for the Geelong water supply, Messrs Humble and Co, being the lowest, at £595 3s. The next tender coming under con sideration in the usual course of business were for certain works at a schedule of prices on the aqueduct between Castlemaine and the Expedition Pass Reservoir. Por this contract there were seven tenderers. Mr M'Kean remarked that it had hitherto been'the practice to call for tenders of this land without specifying the quantity of work required to be done. This he consi dered an'unfair and improper system, and „one which , he (Mr M'Kean) certainly. could not sanction.' in tuture, tne quanti ties should'be stated. The ordinary couree of. leaving out the quantities had been pur sued in .the present case, and the Board would therefore call for fresh tenders. In the meantime, he would make strict enquiries as to the reason why the objectionable course to which he referred had been adopted. The lion, gentleman then returned the tenders sent in to those of the contractors who were 'present. The determination thus announced appeared to give consi derable satisfaction, the conclusion of the Minister's remarks being loudly cheered. The last tenders opened were for certain alterations and additions to the goods sheds at the Geelong railway . station. In this case the tenders called for contained the alternative of timber or brick in the con struction of a portion of the works, and to this mode of tendering Mr M'Kean also objected, considering that distinct, tenders should he called for with reference to the respective materials. He also stated that in future he should make arrangements for deciding as to the acceptance of tenders without reference to the Eugiueer-in-Chief. Mr M'Kean then read a letter from that officer, requesting. that the tender for the last mentioned works might be referred to him before it was finally accepted. Mr M'Kean said that although he would comply with the request in this case, a different system would be pursued in fixture. The lowest tenderer was Mr W. D. Spencely, who offered to do the work at £687 2s 4d in timber, and for £773 5s lOd in brick. The tender was accepted, subject to the approval of the Engineer-in-Chief. ' Theinquest onthe late fire in Moorabool street was held yesterday at Goughs's Eureka Hotel, and lasted from half-past two until half-past six o'clock, during! which time , a great deal of evidence was taken, but nothing" was elicited to show the cause of the conflagration. The general opinion was, that it originated in Mr Turner's laboratory, by spontaneous combustion. : Mr M'Cormiek appeared for the Kational Insurance Company, and his chief object appeared to be to ascertain the extent of the loss suffered by Mr C. K. ■Pearson. The statement made byacon temporary, that the fire 'was probably ; caused by a: spirit of revenge on the part of some man who was refused a . night's lodging, was without foundation. A man did., apply to a boy in Mr Bray's employ to be allowed to sleep in the stable, but , never made: any . application to Mr Turner; if, therefore, he had been actuated by revenge he would have set fire to Mr Bray's place, whereas, as above stated, the fire occurred at Mr Turner's, two: doors away.'. A great deal of time was occupied when Mr - Gurr was under examination," in endeavouring to show who was: to blame for Mr Bartlett's premises not being opened sooner than, they were. Our readers must judge.for themselves who got the best of the arrangement. Insurance offices were well represented, and although the inquest was a: tedious affair, there has seldom been one I held in Geelong that has created: more ! interest. -- •• • .' . : A telegram received last evening from Colas conveys the intelligence of the occur rence of a shocking accident there. - From what particulars are to hand it appears that in feeding a bark" crushing~macfiine"at the' local tannery. .Whether by carelessness or by what other means is not known, but the unfortunate man's hand ;became'entangled between the crushing rollers," and his aim was drawn in, cruslied.and eventually torn off at the shoulder., The shock to the sys tem was so great that the unhappy sufferer only lingered a short time and then died from its effects. Whether he leaves any ■family or not we cannot say at present, the particulars to hand extending no further than those related. ' The'sub-committee appointed at the last meeting of the Eegatta Committee to divide the town into districts for the can vassers, have completed their task. The Mayor and Captain Nicholson will collect from the north side of Eyrie- street, and east side of Mborabool-street, down to the | hay; Mr Morris and Mr D. M. Barry will take from the opposite side of Eyrie-street! down to the river; 'Mr Gosling and Mr J-. D. Eobinson have been allotted the west side of Moorabool-street and north side of Eyrie-street down to the bay; and Messrs^ Macallister, Pettigrew, and Eippori, from the.south side of Eyrie-street, and up the west side of Moorabool-street down to the river. Operations will commence on Mon day; and it is anticipated a large sum will be collected. , ■:At St" Paul's to-morrow the Eev Astley Cooper will preach both morning and evening, and after each sermon a special collection will be taken for the general' church fund of the diocese. Every preparation is being made > in order that the sports on the occasion of the Leigh Road fair, on the 28th instant, may go off satisfactorily. The committee have chosen a very suitable piece of ground, with a straight run in "of one hundred yards, and the inner side of the course has been marked with a trench, so that there can be no excuse for running inside a post. The course has been.rolled with a weight of three tons, and everything done to make a first class "course, which will be available at any future time. Several entries are already to hand, and the subscription list is filling well. • The Botanical Gardens are now in their usual spring glory, not only the nursery portion, but also the park lands around. In the latter large quantities of gravel have been placed on. the walks and carriage ways, the borders cleaned up, and the grass is now being mown. The result is that the grounds look most inviting, their "green level light," to quote Mr Kendall, being most pleasing. Added to this, the various)flowering shrubs are in blossom, and exhale a sweet scent through all the place, so that it will be readily understood that on these fine evenings a stroll among the trees is thoroughly enjoyable. In the nursery there is also a splendid show of flowers of the most varied descriptions, and the conservatory is brilliant in blossoms both gorgeous and delicate. The show of rare geraniums is especially large and at- tractive. The whole place is, in fact, in the most perfect order, and does the curator, Mr Bunce, the greatest credit. The want of a pier has been felt by the residents at Drysdale, and at length they have determined to see whether they cannot take steps to secure its immediate erection. A meeting of the inhabitants has been con vened for that purpose, to be held at the Drysdale Mechanics' Institute, at 2 pjn. on Monday next. The convener of the meeting is Mr J. F. Lcvien, J.P. It is gratifying to see the change which has taken place in the crops since the last rainfall. . Hay crops, which apparently were past recovery,, have shot up green, and farmers are beginning to think that the coming prospect is not so had. Had the hay crop faded it would haye gone hard with the cattle, as there would be no old stacks to fall bait upon,'as' was the, case last year. The vineyards and orchards: give every sign of an abnndant crop. The wool season has now fairly set in, large quantities are being delivered at the stations along the Geelong and Ballarat line, and very few of the horse or bullock teams have occasion to come down country without a load. None of the very large loads seen towards the end of the season have yet made their appearance. The uu made portions of road up- country being soft after the late rains. The anniversary services in connection with the Fenwick street Baptist Sabbath schools are to be held tomorrow, on which occasion two sermons will be preached by the Ivrv Wm. Poole, of Melbourne. " On the Monday evening following, the annual meeting will.be held, when addresses will be delivered by the Kevs C.- Lane, D. M'Kenzie, and other ministers and gentle men. A selection of hymns will be sung, and recitations, &c;, given, by the scholars. r The members of the Geelong Rifle.Club are reminded that the match for the two silver cnps will be fired this afternoon. >. The judges appointed by the Agricul tural.; Show to decide upon the merits of the colonial ales forwarded for competition; nict yesterday, and found they had no easy task. There were seven exhibits and all were considered of first-class quality, those to which the prizes were awarded being the' 'best ever - submitted. : We are not at liberty to mention the winners. • From an advertisement in another colnmn it will be seen that the Rev. F. Rae is to preach his farewell sermon at St. Andrew's Church to-morrow evening. ■ A singular freak on the part of a spaniel has been related to us by Air Day, of Little Alalop-street. Some'five weeks ago the slat -had a litter,' which she succeeded in rearing, and expressed great' sorrow :when the'time came forthem to be taken away. On Sunday last, a cat domiciled in the same stable had "kittens," and her master finding the spaniel still disconsolate, gave her two of the kittens to suckle, and her whining; ceased. The most remarkable part of the story is to come.Mr Day recently re ceived a Newfoundland ..pup, iand this he made over to the tender care of the spaniel," who; however, prefers the kittens to one ot her own species, and any person visiting Air Day's residence, opposite the depot before 9 a.m., can see the cat feeding the i Newfoundland. Sides for a scratch match will be chosen on the Corio cricket ground to-day, at 2.30 p.m. As the date for the Ballarat match is approaching, members of the club must go in for some practice. ' The subscribers to the ferret prize fund met yesterday, at the ^Victoria Hotel, when it was decided to recommend—That the ferrets to he.exhibited must have been the bona fide property of exhibitors for six months prior to the show. Entries will have to be made with the secretary of the Agricultural Show, on or before the 18th instant. A numerous meeting is expected on the Geelong quoit ground this afternoon. The new street lamp, erected by Air Sommers, opposite the Union Hotel, was lighted, last evening,- and came in for a great deal of attention. It is certainly one of the most powerful lights we have seen in the town, the two jets in front of large corrugated reflectors, a ppear to gain in power the farther you go away from them, and cast the light two or three time as far as the ' ordinary street lamp. Even last evening, brightly as the moon was shining, the light when seen from a distance was brilliant. Should the; town be again lighted with gas we would recommend the adoption of a somewhat similar style of lamp, which only burns eight feet of gas per hour. r On Thursday next, October 21st, the temperance drama, "John Barleycorn," is to be given by the members of the Prince Alfred Juvenile Tent of Kechabites. The youths are said to he well up in their various parts, and no expense is being spared in dress and requisite paraphernalia. The chair will be taken, at half-past .7 o'clock, by ,Mr J. M. Garratt. The proceeds of the .entertainment.; are , to be devoted to raising funds for the purchase of a banner. James' Denmark was11 charged at* the. Central police court yesterday, with mali ciously and unlawfully assaulting Duncan Bell. Mr Higgins appeared to prosecute and Mr Guy defended the prisoner. Dun -"""-T!»lt pr(1v(yl.that he and the prisoner were at tne City of ^orwicn n.otei,.a.snoy,~ together. * They had some words, when the prisoner said' the house was his and he would do as lie liked there. Witness said he did not think prisoner was the the house, and ^prisoner then took up a tumbler, and hit the prosecutor on the nose. Prosecutor became'insensible and was taken to the hospital. Dr Reid deposed that the hones of Bell's nose were broken and that the injuries were of a serious character. Detective Hartney proved the arrest of the prisoner, who was. drunk when taken; in charge, at Point; Henry. He admitted having . committed ' the offence.; - At this - stage' the bench remanded ' the prisoner until Monday next, in order: that the evidence of the landlord of the hotel as to the origin of the quarrel might be obtained. Prisoner was allowed bail on his / own i recognisance in £20. to appear. R. Wilkinson v. J. Telford—Claim for £14 8s 8d. The defendant had been served at his residence, near Horsham, hut did not appear. A sum of 2s had been entered in the claim, which was beyond the jurisdiction of the court having been »ver twelve months due; and on this account the bench' dismissed the case, although the remainder of the. debt was contracted within the twelve months. Elizabeth Petrie v. Ilcaney—This was a complaint that defendant had charged excessive tres pass fees on some of the complainant's cattle , impounded by him. Mr Guy. ap peared for the complainant, and having shown that .the trespass charged was ex- j cessive the bench reduced it to 6d per head with £1 Is 6d costs to complainant. M. Cassidy v J. Lee, claim for £5 3s 3d goods supplied,. order for amount and 5s costs. W- Patterson was complained of by Ser geant M'Sweeny for driving on the foot path,? and was fined os and' 2s 6d costs. W. Freeman.complaincd of for leaving a nuisance, causing an offensive smell on his premises, was fined 5s and 2s, Gd costs. W. Pardv, summoned by the police for allowing his chimney, to . catch fire, was' fined 10s and 5s costs. J. Hocklessen v Evan Williams, claim for £4 2s 8d wages, as seaman on board the ship Lanarkshire, of 'which the defendant is master. Mr Guy for complainant, and Mr Maley for defendant. , The complainant's case was that he shipped at Sandridge to come to Geelong at the current wages, with the understanding that if; he liked the ship be could ship for the passage' home at the same ..rate.' After he got to Geelong he was' taken ill - and was. unable to work. The. captain at first gave him some medicine, - and also - sent ■ him' to Dr Rcid, hut - directly. afterwards came to the forecastle and ordered, defendant to come out and let him see him. Defendant said that the captain was not a medical man, and'declincd to do so. He was then ordered to go to work, but said be could not do so'as he was troubled with cramp in the stomach. The "captain then; told him to get out of that and not stop there if he could-: not work.. Complainant asked for his'wagesj and defendant told him to. go to jrarm regions for them,1 and he took this as a hint to go to the Police-court. He was on hoard a month and a day, and claimed at the rate of £4 per month, which he swore was the current wages. Order for amount and 14s costs. H. Franks v C. O. Henncll—£2 5s Gd. Order for'amount and costs of court. • This was all the busi ness. ■.-Tbe;magistrates on the Bench were —The Mayor, and Messrs Belcher, John stone, and Weekes. Sir James: Campbell, the agent for the Australian Alliance Company, got a: tele gram yesterday, at 3 p.m., that the directors of the company had passed the claims of Mr Bartlett and Sir SI'Callum in full. • "With reference to what has appeared re lative to the fall of flour, without a cor responding fall in the price of bread, a correspondent signing himself "Fair Play," takes the opposite views of the question. " Fair'Play " says—Flour began to rise on 26th August, and continued rising until the price reached' was '£18 per ton, and that bread was not raised until the 20th Sept. Our correspondent further adds, that the Melbourne bakers rose the price of the 4lb loaf two pence before the Geelong bakers raised'it one penny. . Elisabeth street north, Melbourne, has been the scene of another serious conflag ration, which is the third that has occurred within a quarter of a mile square during the last eighteen months or so. On Thurs day evening Mr B. Sayer, of the flour mills in A'Beckett street, near the corner of Elisabeth street, locked up his premises and went home, leaving the place in charge of a young man, who went away also, as usual, to his tea. A;few minutes after eight smoke 'was seen issuing from the windows in the upper story, and flames burst out almost immediately. The city fircbell rang out, and the fire brigade was on .the spot in about fifteen minutes after the alarm was given. The fire had by this' time made rapid headway, .and it looked as"' if the whole place would-be sacrificed. When the water, began to.play,; the flames were quickly.got under,'.but the damage done was. nevertheless very, considerable. About half the roof had'fallen.'in, and the stock, of grain ,and" flour was- spoiled or greatly injured^ as ' was also* the valuable ; plant of machinery. About thirty tons of •' flour and 250 bushels of "wheat were stored in the building. The injury done to these stuffs was ^principally by water, hut they; were covered by an insurance of £700, the machinery being. further insured for £500. The owner of the store is Mr Hoff mann, of Flemington. . ..The damage done to Mr Sayer's stock is estimated at about £800, and his insurance is in the Tasmanian Company. 'The merits of the Ford's rock-boring apparatus are well appreciated by the min ing community. It is about to be intro duced into the works of the Hew Forth Cluncs Company, the manager having ordered one of the machines .from Mr Waters, the patent agent. ■ AH - who have examined the . machine testify.to .the case ■with which it does an extraordinery amount" of work. It is moved about with facility, now boring at one angle and now at another, on the face of the drive, or in the' ■ shaft; anon being removed-to permit of the blast, and again returned to its work. It will no doubt come into general use. Surgical science has succeeded in effecting'. extraordinary cures, and" one" of the most notable and recent is that of Mr David Turpie,' of Ballarat, who has recovered from the severe accident he .so long suf fered from. The Star says—" He was among the voters at the Ballarat, Hast Borough Election on Thursday. IBs ap pearance at the polling-room was'the signal for a general rush of old friends to con gratulate him on his reappearance in public life,,and the pleasant incident caused a temporary lull in the business, as all the officers engaged, as well as other persons, i hastened to greet Mr Turpie and shake . him by the one hand left to him since the disaster. "We are glad to note that Mr Turpie. appears to be in robust health again." Intemperance has had another victim. On Tuesday afternoon, a bricklayer' named William Hurst, aged fifty, was drinking at the Bush Inn, Bouverie street, Carlton, with some of his mates. Hurst was very drunk and went- outside the tar, when he staggered and fell down; he got up and was going into the bar again when be fell heavily a second time, striking the back of his head on the doorstep. The landlord hearing the fall, Went outside and found him lying on the footpath insensible. He bad him removed to the Melbourne Hospital, where he died on Wednesday.' Dr Maloney made a ■post mortem examina tion of the body, and. found the'cause of death to' he fracture of the "base of ■ the skull, and the jury returned a verdict to that effect. The Pleasant Creek 2Tews states that " a frightful accident occurred in the Main street, on Tuesday, to a man named John ston, who was working at Mr Allingham's new building. The unfortunate man, in ascending a ladder with soine articles upon ■ his shoulder, overbalanced, and fell to the ground head first, when he came in contact •with a shovel handle sticking upright in a heap of mortar; the handle entered John- . ston's abdomen below the bowels, and pro truded again at the lower part of the. body,, literally spitting the sufferer. • T)r Bennett _ "arrived: almost lmmeQIately after* the acci dent, and rendered such assistance as the exigencies of the; case , more immediately required. Johnston was, of course, lmme diatelv-taken to the hilBmtnl nml m ™ glad to learn, that hopes are entertained of his recovery. . The patient is one "of the oldest residents on the Reefs, and is known as a respectable and hard-working man." The Memphis Avalanche says—" Ten years from to day will see 100,000 Chinese in the Mississippi Valley—-perhaps twice the number," hut we prefer moderate esti mates. The ball will soon commence roll ing, and it will never stop. As rapidly as Sambo quits the fields or becomes so useless that the fields will ~ quit him, the acres pressed by his course hrogans will be trodden by wooden shoes, and his crisp ' wool' will give way to the pigtail. Make way for the coming man. He has but awaited the hour, and it has arrived." A very distressing accident occurred on Thursday afternoon in a right-of pay oft" Little Bourke-street, Melbourne, by which a little hoy named Thomas Bedell lost his life: It seems he was plaj'ing at the rear of the premises of Mr Hood, chemist, Elizabeth-street, and seeing a bottlc.said to contain a few drops of carbolic acid lying on the ground, he drank the contents, and became very ill soon afterwards. ■ His con dition became so critical that he was taken to the hospital, and though every attention was paid to him he died shortly after wards. . - . We regret to state (says the Gundagai I Times), that the bunyip which used to live in a pool : in the Murrumbidgce, near j Gundagai, seems to have quitted, his old I quarters ; but we learn that a ghost has come to dwell amongst us, possibly as com pensation for the above loss. We cannot as yet indicate the spectre's residence, if it has one; but the culvert familiarly termed Bennett's Folly, on the sideling of Mount Parnassus, seems'one of its haunts, as we have been informed that on Sunday evening last a gentleman resident in our locality who was ■ riding past this spot was there confronted by the supernatural visitant. It rose apparently from under the culvert, tall, shadowy, and with a-livid phosphoric light playing about1 it, such as a bad fish hung in a dark place exhibits. As the shape approached the startled steed reared, and the rider's hair stood on end ; ■ but the. apparition seemed ^.to pass under the horse, and disappeared with a faint hollow sound; like a distant dying groan. /We need not say the horseman made all haste.to quit the ..spot"; hut we may add that another party avers. that he has seen this spectre in the same place, that it passed him.by like a flash of fire, and that - lie thought his whiskers were singed off by:; it. So tlir this is satisfactory ; every place , ought "to be celebrated for something, and a well authenticated local ghost would add considerably to our township's reputation. 1 A meteorological phenomenon is de scribed by the Southern Cross (Auckland) of the 20th September :—''During several days past great volumes of dense smoke have frqm time to time been visible in the direction of the heads of the Kaipara. The peculiarity observable with regard to ' these pillars of smoke was the same as . has frequently, been noticed;iu the dry Austra lian climates,1 and, which has been some what of a puzzle to meteorologists. After the.smolre of a large hush fire* has risen to .* a certain height, it has been seen to spread; ouf like' Pliny's pine tree over Mount Vesuvius; and the upper rotund part of the top to become a true cumulous cloud full of moisture; and smoke has been seen , ' ascending into, and rain actually descend ing from the same thick mass at one time. Electricity would appear to have something to do with the transformation, for such smoke clouds over extensive bush fires have been frequently remarked to become the neuclei of thunderstorms." The hearing of the long-talked of squat ting case against the Queensland Govern ment- commenced an "Wednesday, the 29th ultimo, at Rockhampton, before Mr Jus-, tioe iutwyche,'add. a special^ 'jury»> ! ■was ail action by plaintiff against the Government, for damages, for refusing to grant him leases of certain portions of . "country, and for having granted leases of the same country to others, of one portion to Manson, Frazer, and Richards, and of another portion to Moriarty and Watt. The defendant pleaded a general issue to all the allegations. It appeared that one James Leith Hay had tendered for blocks of country named Ludwig, Durak, and Elmore, in the Springsure district, then a portion of New South Wales; that Mr Wiseman, Commissioner of Crown Lauds, sent in amended descriptions of this coun try in 1SG9; that the tenderswere accepted; the country comprised an area of twenty- five miles, and extended from Springsure Creek to Minerva Creek; that subsequently Hay transferred all his right and title to this country" to the plaintiff, who took pos session of it, and held it until 1866, and had spent money on it, and done all things necessary for its occupation; that the Go vernment refused to grant him leases, and granted them to others, of one portion to Frazer, Manson, and Richards, and of an other portion to Moriarty and Watt; that plaintiff had received notice from Richards that his sheep would be impounded if he did not remove them from the country "within forty- eight hours: that he was forced in consequence to remove his sheep from the runs, to his great loss. He esti mated his loss, by the Government refusing to grant him leases, and by his being obliged to abandon the country, at not less . than £25,000, and claimed £30,000. The hearing of evidence relating principally to the locality and boundaries of the land in dispute, and to various documents, was gone into, and continued during six days. On Tuesday" the case concluded, a ver dict being obtained by the plaintiff for £16,926. ... " Paterfamilias" sends the following problem. Ferhaps. some of onr local bakers will give the solution:—" If it takes a rise * of,£2 per ton' of'flour to raise the. price of bread one penny the 41b loafj how much must the flour fall to reduce the 41b loaf one penny in the town of Geelong. 