GLIMPSES OF ANCIENT IRELAND. BY AENGUS REALTHACH —THE DESMOND FITZGERALDS. LONG ago in the gorges of the Tuscan Apennines, and long before a republic was founded in the neighbouring Florence, there were certain feudal lords who bore the name of Gherardini, or the sons of Gherardo. The historian Gammurini has traced the pedigree of the house from Raimerio, in the year 910, to Gherardo, in 1020, from whom the family name was taken. Otto, a son or grandson of Gherardo, went to Normandy and from thence, in 1157, to England, where he is mentioned among "the Norman nobles'" to whom the Anglo-Saxon King, Edward the Conessor, showed great favor. Whea the Norman conquest of England occurred, a few years after, he new comers treated Walter, the son of Otto, s their fellow-countryman ; and, already posessed of many manors, he was now made casellan of Windsor and warden of the forests of Berkshire. His wife was Gladys, daughter of he Prince of North Wales. Their son Gerald igured as Constable of Pembroke Castle and was arried to Nesta, daughter of Rhys ap Gryffyd, rince of South Wales, from which country his on Maurice went, in 1170, to Ireland as one of he auxiliaries of Dermot MacMorragh. This aurice was the ancestor of the Irish Fitzeralds. Between its Italian origin, and its Welsh intermarriages during the short stay in ritain, it will be seen that the stock was already eltic when first established in. Ireland, and, of ourse, the process of Hiberoicising was all the asier on that account. i The family are not extinct in Italy more han in Ireland. The ruins of their castleB may e seen in the Val d'Elsa, as well as on the plainB f Kildare and the hills of Munster. And n both countries, despite the vicissitudes of ages, few branches' retain, their ancient rankhere is to-day a Marchese Gherardine as well s a Geraldine, Duke of Leinster. The fame of he Irish houses early reached their original ountry. Ariostoin his great poem has Bpoken f the Counts of Desmond and Kildare. In the ear 1440, a noble yonth, bearing the name, isited Earl James of Desmond, charged with etters of congratulation from the Florentine epublic, and in the following century a similar ompliment was paid to the Earl of Kildare by is kinsmen in Tuscany. The letters, and those n which such friendly greetings were reciproated, are extant. In the last chapter I touched on the picturesque history of the Kildare or elder branch of the family. The Earls of Desmond became still more powerful. They claimed sovereignty over all South Munster, and throughout the greater part of the modern counties of Cork, Kerry, Limerick, and Waterford, the septs, both of Milesian and Norman extraction, were directly tributary to them. Irrespective of those aids, they could call out of their immediate following 600 horse and 2000 foot, the horsemen all Fitz- Geralds. They broke with England at an early period, and when overturned in their time of Elizabeth, the domains held in their immediate possession in the four counties comprised 600,000 acres. The many decrees and acts of Parliament by which the English kings strove to keep the Normans and the more ancient Irish asunder were scorned from the first by " this more than Irish tribe," whose intermarriages were as numerous with the houses of O'Brien, MacCarthy More, MacCarthy Reagh, or O'Conor Kerry, as with those of Butler or De Burgo. In their great castles of Mogeely and Adare there was princely state, and they had a special bodyguard too; for the Earl James, aforesaid, when he married the daughter of MacWilliam Eighter, invited out of Connaught the clan of MacSheehy to serve him in this capacity, and endowed them with broad lands in the neighbourhood of Adare. Stalwart warriors were those MacSheehies, and, like the MacSweenies of Western Cork and the MacDonnell's of Dalriada or Antrim, they seem to have been hereditary bona ughts or soldiers of fortune, hiring out their swords to the contending chiefs. Of the many subdivisions of the Desmond house, the principal were those of the White Knight, the Knight of Kerry, the Knight of Glyn, and the Seneschal of Imokilly. The Fitzgeralds, whose chiefs bore the hereditary title of the White Knight—Ridaire Fionn—took the name of FitzGibbon, and their territory included the present baronies of Clangibbon and Kilmore —Coilmore, or the Great Forest—in the county of Cork. Of the stormy relations of the Desmond earls with England, I have little space to speak in detail; or of their feuds with the great houses around them — their wars with the De Burgos and Le Poers, or Burkes and Powers, with O'Brien in Limerick, MacCarthy in West Cork and Kerry, and Butler on the Tipperary border. With those Ormond Butlers their quarrel was particularly constant and inveterate, and, finally, that Earl of Ormond, known as Tomas Dubh, or Earl Thomas the Black, was the most powerful instrument in the hand of Elizabeth in effecting their destruction. When Elizabeth put forth her strength both to conquer Ireland beyond the Pale and uproot the ancient religion —for which the divided condition of the island seemed to give full opportunity—the FitzGeralds stood forth as the champions of the national cause in Munster. The first to warn his countrymen' and prepare for the coming danger, was the earl's kinsman, Sir James Fitz Maurice Fitzgerald—than whom there is no more illustrious figure in Irish history—a pure-souled patriot at a time when patriotism was little understood or egarded. As names are easily confused I may mention that Fitz Maurice, as he is termed by the historians, was not a mt :nber of the Clan- Maurice, the Fitz Maurices of Lixnaw, who afterwards worthily did their devoirs in those same wars, but who v ere a distinct sept rom the Geraldines. The captain I speak of received the soubriquet from his father, Sir Maurice Fitzgerald, an old warrior who, at the ipe age of eighty, was killed heading a tribal oray. Another gallant and most able captain was th6 arl's brother, termed by .the English Sir John f Desmond, and of whom they report that, after he capture of Tralee, he treacherously murdered ne Daveis, with whom he had previously been n terms of great friendship. But we know how he memory has been calumniated of many anther IriBh leader who made himself p sore thorn n the side of the invader. What foul stories ave been told of the magnificent Shane 'Neill and the chivalrous Sir Phelim—tales tterly incompatible with their characters and areer. Disappointed " undertakers," fluttered n their .dovecots by a race that would not tay under, furnished such accounts to writers in ngland, and were sometimes the historians hemselves ; and I decline to believe, on such unupported authority, any dishonorable statements especting a patriotic chief and gallant gentlean like this same Sir John of Desmond. Long nd vigorously he battled in the open field, and hen finally driven to the forests, we see by the nnals of the Four Masters how he roved wide hrough the fastnesses of East Munster and einster, with a band of six-score men, scatter ng terror among the English and such Irish as held by I them—in Ins .sudden descents &om; the woods ravaging their fends, and, scant as w*i his troop, often pouncing on and sacking their castles. A rough-riding, hard- hittiiig soldier whom his enemies hated much. ' Concerning most of the early facts of that Desmond war there, is infinite mystery, VTe only know for certain that when the Earl foilowed' the example of his brother and Fitz. Maurice, and lifted' his standard at Ballyhoura he first took by storm the town of. Youghal—the' Seneschal of Imokilly, andachiefof theO'Sullivan Bere clan distinguishing themselves much in the escalade. We know that an English force which was advancing to relieve the town was next defeated. But of the three principal pitched battles of that war there are utterly opposite accounts. The Irish writers, O'Sullivan and O'Daly, and the English ones contradict each other " point blank " as to the result. The end, however, came at last, after a protracted and bloody struggle. Many even of the South Munster chiefs, Milesian and Norman, were either neutral or on the foreign side, and the Saxon generals and Black Thomas of Ormond gradually wore down their adversaries, and Earl Geroit, or Garrett, or Gerald, ihe 16th chief of his house, was slain. His wide principality was wasted with sword and fire, and a host of strangers, among whom was the poet Spenser, had grants of land in the confiscated territory, A list of the chiefs, allies, or tributaries of the Earl, who shared his misfortune, and were attainted at an inquisition held in Shandon Castle in 1588, will be found in Smith's History of Cork (vol. 1, p. 51.) What that beautiful Desmond region was like when thus ruthlessly desolated, we may gather from the pen of Eimund Spenser, who profited by the catastrophe: —'' Notwithstanding that the same was a most rich and plenteous countrey, full of corne and cattle, yet they were brought to such wretchednesse thatanic stoney heart would have rued the same. Out of every corner of the woods and glynnes they came crawling forth upon thei r handes, for their legges could not beare them. They looked like anatomies of deathe; they spake like ghostes crying out of their graves; they did eat the dead carrion, happy when they could find them ; and one another soon after, insomuch as the very carcasses they spared not to scrape out of their graves ; and if they found a plot of water-cresses or shamrocks they flocked as to a feast!" A fearful picture truly ! A grim and ghastly lesson of martial law that would have sufficed in most countries for a few generations. But the system of striking terror never hit its mark is reland; as the world will understand some day when the history of our nation comes to be onestly disentombed. Frightfully broken indeed as the body, but in that ravaged Munster land he spirit was not broken, and the moment the amished remnant of the clans could take their eet, they were in arms again, and in mortal struggle ith the invader. It seems incredible, but it is o more wonderful than true, that within half a ozen years after the end of that first war the econd Desmond war began, and was a more sysematic and desperate conflict than the other. or now MacCarthy More laid aside his lEamily eud With the Geraldines, and even some junior ranches of the Butlers turned on their savage hief, who had aided England in that bloody ork of carnage and spoliation in their neighborood. And another worthy Desmond Earl was ound in the nephew of the preceding one— eamus or James, " the handsomest man of bis ay," and what was more to the purpose, a capable oldier. The " undertakers" or settlers called im the "Suggaun Earl," "the man of straw," ecause he had the title without the lands, but e soon verified the combustible appellation by xpelling them with the same system of fire and word under which they had come in. The inidents of that second Desmond war are too oluminous for brief treatment. It was finally nded, not by weapons of steel, but of another etal—the same means of conquest recommended o Philip of Macedon by the Delphic oracle ! Numberless are the traditional stories of those hieftains—in remembrance of their loyalty to Ireand, their, martial prowess, their noble hospiality, their affection for their people. It is told ow Baron Maurice refused to proceed with the uilding of a castle, and changed it to an abbey, ecause his son: had behaved with some unkindesB to the workmen. How an Earl Thomas, isited unexpectedly by a great, gathering of hiefs (whom r. his steward in revenge for a ebuke had invited as if by his master's command) rdered his splendid castle of Mqgeely to be urned to the ground, that the seeming accident ight excuse his shortness of supplies and his ability to treat his ,guests with sufficient onor. When ;the last Earl Garret, sorely ounded, was captured in the Moody battle f.Afiaue^the Batters, as they carried him bn their shoulders, asked in exultatation- ,^ere " the Earl of Desmond now?" Where he ever was," ^d the prisoner, lifting Jumself on his litter, "where he ought to be, on the Becks of the Butlers!" In their ancient domains there was long a superstition that those cbieftanB were not dead but -under a spell, as the Britains believed of King Arthur, or that they cnuld not rest in their graves whenever Erin was jn sorest strait. There is an enchanted Earl who rides on the • Munster hills once in seven years, and will return to redeem Ireland when his jilver horse shoes are worn out; and there is " a sleeping Earl" who waits with his warriors in a cave of Kildare, and will be restored to life when some mortal, bold and prescient, fails not to draw the sword while he blows the horn. ••When tiinkel leaguered Limerick, the Irish soldiers gazed To see if in the eetling sun dead Dcsmend'e banner blazed! And still it is the peasant's hope, upon the Curragh's more, Xhey live who'll sea ten thousand men, with good Lard Edward, there." 