THE CHRISTIAN KNOWLEDGE SOCIETY AND BISHOP COLENSO. ? ONE of the most excited, if not one of the most clamorous and disorderly meetings which has taken place in the metropolis for a considerable time was held in the large hall of the Freemasons' Tavern, London, on December 8th, to consider a resolution come to by the Society for Promoting Christain Knowledge on 6th August, for the granting of a sum of £2000, to be expended in the promotion of Christian knowledge in the diocese of Natal. It was a meeting of the members of the society, admission being by ticket or voucher of membership, and it consisted in a great measure, if not principally, of clergymen. It had evidently excited great interest, for the room was crowded in every part. The gallery was crammed to the ceiling, and there were scores, if not hundreds, of persons who sought admission but could not obtain it. In order to make the object of the meeting the more intelligible, it should be stated that doubts having arisen as to the legality of the giant by the committee, counsel's opinion had been taken on the subject, and that opinion was adverse and the committee had then appealed as it were, to the society at large in order to set themselves right, and they recommended a grant to be administered by the standing committee, and the reason for the great interest felt in the matter was, that the course the society took was considered as in some measure the expression of an opinion on the actual position of Bishop Colenso. The Archbishop of York presided, and after prayer had been offered. The Right Rev. Chairman expressed a hope that the meeting would be conducted with charity and forbearance to those who differed from them. A resolution was proposed by the Rev. W. G. Humphry in favour of the grant. To this an amendment was submitted, placing the expenditure of the sum in the hands of the bishops of Cape Town and Grahamstown. The voting was For the amendment, 674;: against, 755. The announcement of this decision, which was virtually a victory of the moderate and low over the high church elements in the meeting, seemed to create much. surprise amongst the latter, who had during the proceedings shown a great vocal superiority, The friends of the standing committee celebrated their success by prolonged cheering, The meeting become again very violent upon Canon Seymour rising to dispute the decision. A suggestion was here made by the archbishop as to the illegality of the course proposed by Canon Seymour, . whereupon Archdeacon Denison, amidst renewed uproar, attempted again to speak. From this time there was not even the semblance of order. The platform invaded by excited men from the floor, became a perfect Babel Archdeacon Denison declared that many gentlemen had not voted at all (although the archbishop before the close of the voting asked during a lull, whether all had voted) ;, one of the stewards denied the assertion; one or two speakers, after contriving to say that the real question decided upon was the claims of Bishop Colenso, were shouted | and booted down;, until by-and-bye some hundreds of persons joined in an unceasing stamping, which had the effect of depriving the vocal performances of much of the distinctiveness that had before characterised them. Eventually, the original motion, (the standing committee's) was put, ' had declared to be carried by an overwhelming majority. Just as the disturbance was breaking out afresh, the Archbishop interposed with the benediction, and the assembly dispersed, The meeting had lasted four and a half hours. Bishop Colenso's future rival, the Rev. W. li. Macrorie, left London, on Monday, to embark at Southampton on board the Briton, for the Cape of Good Hope. The' Dean of Capetown, the Rev. H. R. Alder, will proceed to his new scene of labour by the same vessel. BAD LUCK-On American paper is responsible, for the following remarkable incident: A person of Southern Ohio fell into a trance, was busied in a vault, and stayed there two days, when a bright idea struck him. He kicked the lid off and get out. The neighbours shot at him for a ghost, and through much tribulation he finally got back into his own house. . ' A LITEUAL THANSLATION !-" Nonchalant " means that peculiarly-indifferent look which is put on by men who never pay when donned for money and is possibly, a corruption of no shell out ! 