TAB LB TALK. THB lo^wdfa ereiy erase, most disgg^Mful detoto,«pon : 2& jPisxn' want of confidence motkm lias st last been .brought to a close—*the Gurernnient being victorious by a majority of four. 'This mo^bn disposed <of, tHe Stamp Act was continued in force for another year, and then Parliament adjourned until e riext yef without' hu&ving; mAde any provision -whatev for the expensea^of the current year. Thia si of thing* is nmoh to be regretted, but the J>J rest* with Messrs. MABTIB and PABKKS, postponed the commencement of the session to' far too late a period of the year, and have since occupied time that might have been much better employed, in a discussion which no language fit for the oolumns of a ^wspape^pan 'properly characterize. As a speoimen of this debate we have copied a portion of^Sfr. ISAACS' reply to Mr. FOHSTXB. Our readers may well fonder, after perusing it, what sort or a constituency it is that aends such a person to Parliament. It 'isjery well known that we do notv^ship at Mr. FoBsTEB's shrine, but we are quite willing to unite with that gentleman's friends in expressing most decide disapprobation or the spirit displayed by the late Solicitor-General. Upon {his subject the Rerald very properly remarks :—The great failing of the Assembly is the gross personalties it tolerates. It i* this by which it has lost position in the colony. It is impossible to respect a House whioh permits ita speakers to impute every crime in the Decalogue to its most eminent men. If truly imputed, they cannot bnt imprint the marks or deep dishonor. ITsaid without foundation, they show a barbarous insensibility to a good name. Some who ought to be most considerate, from their social and educational superiority, have not always justified the expectations their position haa suggested. There wag one speech we noticed with regret akin to sorrow. Mr. Isaacs has ahown himself a master of invective, and we will not say unprovoked; but no human being has a right to speak'^a fellow-man in such terms as these:—' If his (Mr. Forster'a) insignificant life were at an end this night, New South WaleB would go on perhaps more prosperous because of his death; and except in a very small circle indeed a week .would not elapse before he would be forgotten. ' He would descend *• To the rile dust from whence he sprung, Unwept, unhonored, and unsung." In the deep dishonors of the grave the hon. member would be surrounded by the corruption which he desired while living to fasten on others But a time wonld come in the last consciousness of life when the images of those whom he had thus villified would rise like threatening ghosts before him.' Our several shares in the memory of mankind are doubtful in reality as in value; bgfc when we speak or the death-chamber, the grave, tbe dissolution of an adversary, we should do so with a sense or our own need of mercy. Such words are light to profanity. At least let our political rhetoric reBpect the majesty of death. From every part or thiB district we receive the most distressing aocounts of the effect of long- continued drought, not only upon the pasturfs, but also upon the growing crops. There is now but a i^ut prospeot of saving any of the early maize," soarcely a bite of grass for cattle, and very little water for either man <>r beast. Unless a merciful Providence should soon send us jain the future of the district will become gloomy enough. During all last week it was earnestly hoped that copious showers would at least CMI the surface of the earth, but we regret to aay these hopes have been very partially fu.1- filled; and as the prospect of a heavy outpour is now somewhat remote, and the sun's scorching rays continue to wither every green thing, it is impoBBible forpny one to feel otherwise than despondent. Surely the time has come when united supplications, should be sent up from every worshipping assembly to HIM who alone can cause the clouds to descend in fertilising showers upon our thirsty fields. Hooping- cough is now extensively pnyalent in the Manning district. So far, tl^ number of fatal cases has been small, but mort of those that have fallen under our Observation are rather severe. It may not be generally known that upon the continent of Europe BeUadonna is chiefly relied npon to mitigate the severity or this disease, and therefore we advise parents who reside beyond the reaoh or medical aid to give this drug a trial. The following is a favorite formula, rendered into English for the benefit of non-professional readers—" Extract or belladonna 8 grains, carbonate of soda one drachm, syrup two fluid ounces, Antimonial wine two fluid drams, water two ounces. Mix. Give a chad two years old one tea-spoonful three times a day, very gradually increasing the dose. Older ohildren may take larger quantities. The effect requires to be carerully watched." It should be remembered'-that under the most favorable circumstances hooping- cough i 8 a tedious and wasting complaint. It is rarely got rid or in less than three months, and jre have known cases in whioh it continued troublesome twioe as long as the period just mentioned. We wish we oonld prescribe aa readily for the flying foxes as for the hooping-cough. These voracious creatures came upon us earlier than usual this season, and have already made sad havoo among the peach and apple trees. We are beginning to think of gardening as we do or wheat sowing on the Manning. What with droughts, flying foxes, and two-legged thieveB, one oan now hardly get a sample of the fruit whioh it costs so muoh money and labor to groth For the latter perhaps the Bench of Magistrates may be able to do something—we shall at all events test the reformatory powers of their worships at an early day.' The raoes at Taree last Monday were, we understand, pretty well attended. A brief notioe ofthe running will be found elsewhere—for we oannot imagine that even the keenest sportsman will expect a very full aocount of the performance^ bush horses. We believe the day was wounaup with a ball at the Caledonian, which of course gave aatisraotion to those who were present. And whilst on the subject of balls we may mention that New Tear's night was similarly celebrated at the Lamb Inn, Wingham, when a goodly company of young people "tripped the light fantastic toe" till " daylight did appear." Attention is invited to an ad vertiaement indicating the terms on which the Xzm will be hers. after published. It is due to truth to say that we no not b'eliere the paper can be afforded at thisTednced prio^unlesSj&deed; then should be; a largeinoreaMin'the number of iiibsoribers ; but we.yieldfour Own opinion to jhat or our frienda-and wlll make the experiment faiily. We solicit the active exertions of those who'know. how much the proprietor has; already lost; directly and indirectly^by his connection, with this enterprise. We undgfstand that young Sullivan was .throjrn from his horse on the Taree race-course on Monday, but beyond a few bruises he took no hurt from the fpill. It has also- been stated that his sister (Miss Agnes Sullivan) met with a similar accident a few days since, and that she sustained a compound fracture of one of her- legs; but wfe cannot vouoh for the correctness of this statement. From every part of the oountry complaints reach us of unusually warm weather. Not only in Queensland, but also in Victoria and South Australia, the season has been unusually hot and dry. Captain MCLBBZS has been examined, by the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the Kiama mystery. His evidence negatives the supposition that any Fenian conspiracy ever : existed in this colony. He says the report Mr. PAEKEB produced was written months after the Prince was shot. Among the Sheet Almanacs whioh the close of the year brings to our table one of the most useful is Mr. THOMAS PASS'S—for although intended chiefly for the inhabitants ofthe Bichmond and Clarence rivers, it embraces a fund of information which will be found convenient to settlers throughout the northern districts generally. The compiler deserves great credit for the trouble he has bestowed upon this publica tion. A few cases of small-pox have occurred at Melbourne, and, notwithstanding the precautions that have been taken to prevent such a misfortune, there ia a possibility that the disease may extend to this colony. It will be wise on the part of parents to see to the vacoination of their children. DOTFIELD'S celebrated mills at Gawler Town in South Australia, have been burned and also the crop upon that gentleman's farm. It is said that sufficient evidence has already been obtained to justify the belief that the fire was kindled by some adversary. Croki has been made a polling plaoe for this electorate instead of Mambo Island. News has been received or a violent earth, quake in California. The loss of life does not appear to have* been great, but property of the value of more than a quarter of a million ster ling seems to have been swallowed up. Ifall particulars have not yet been received. A telegram in the Maitland MeravtytB-ys " Mr. Isaacs has sent a written apology to Mr, For 8ter for his attack during the Want of Confidence debate." We are informed that a petition iB now in circulation praying for a punt at the Wingham crossing. This accommodation has been long needed, and the petition shall therefore have the warmest support of the NEWS. Parliament will meet again next Taesday. It is stated that another very animated discus sion will follow the financial statement: The NEWS will hereafter be delivered to subscribers at and beyond Port Macquarie one day sooner thau has been possible up to the present time. A correspondent writing from Stroud says the wheat crop has turned out pretty well considerably above the average. The district is suffering for want of rain, although more has fallen in that neighborhood than we have had on the Manning. . v In some partB of the world, among certain barbarous tribes, no sooner is it rumored abroad that a sick man is about to die, than his friend* gather from every quarter, not to console and comfort the departing spirit, but to seize upon and carry away such of his effects as they can most conveniently lay their hands upon. We are reminded of this by hearing that scarcely had the writer started to look at a new situation offered to him in Queensland, before a general scramble took place over what he left behind. One set incontinently fought over the miserable emoluments of the Post Office; another seized upon the NEWS, which but for our unexpected return might possibly have been comfortably settled in some other village by this time; and though we have not heard of the'^ circumstance, it is not at all unlikely that some third party fixed a longing eye upon our wife and children who would perhapB have been borne off to grace a new habitation had sufficient space been afforded for tho purpose. We are sorry to disappoint any of these dear friend*, but the fact is that when we got to Queensland we found distance had " lent enchantment to the view." ?The Manning with all its drawbacks still suited us better than the places we visited, and so we determined notto leave it at least for the present. Under the circumstances, therefore, we oan neither epare the Post Office, the NEWS, nor even the old lady and her children. If we have to fight to retain any of our possessions we must only gird on armor long since laid aside, and do what we can to maintain our ground. Ono thing iB pretty oertain. The bump of obstinacy is rather fully developed on our cranium. We don't submit very quietly to what we conceive to be unjustifiable demands; nor has it been UBUal with us to suffer very dreadfully from the fear of competition. The ground we hold will therefore, beoccupied as heretofore, and in token thereof wo now hoist the flag of defiance, and say to all comers " Ley on, Macduff, And d d be he who first cries hold, enough." Ite NEWS still lives and will live in spite of all that any clique can do to abbreviate its existence. The very fact that a few persons are putting themselves to so muoh trouble to get rid of an independent journal, proves that ita continued publication is necessary to the welfare of the community, and supplies a cogent reason why it should not be abandoned. • But the enmity we are called upon to enoounter has done some* thing more—it has induced us to look closely into the history ofthe past, and'will, we trust, prevent a repetition of errors heretofore inadvertently committed. Thus we hope to make the paper more aooeptable than ever; and irwe succeed, it will only furnish another evidence of the fact that if a man has anything ia him> opposition will be«ertain?to jbring it out. -He, is but a w^tohfed^lraven .frho croaks at the Sight of affc; and as we don't [mean to croak, we hope nobody willTenture to call us craven. The District Court will-be hild at Wingham at the olose of the present month. We mention^ the fact as a hint . to some of the remarkably slow-motioned. ' : .. ' $ We'have had a little rain since a portion of this article was put into ty pe, but as a great deal more would be acceptable we shall not alter what has already been said. Having given extracts from Mr. PABKBS' and Mr. ISAACS' speeches in thiB issue, we intend to do as much for Mr. Fossiaa next week, if we can recover the Herald containing his reply. Somebody has taken away our own copy but if possible we will get another—" Fair play is a jewel." 