COUNTRY LETTERS. EDEN VALLEY, July 26. On Monday, July 19, a social meeting was held in the Lodgeroom in aid of the Rhine Lodge I.O.O.F. The Rev. J. Gibson delivered his lecture on "Oliver Goldsmith," and it teas well appre- ciated. Mr. J. W. Daniel and family, of Mount Pleasant, conducted the musical arrangements, and gave excellent pieces, amongst others the "Farewell" and the "Matrimonial Quarrel," both sung in a way worthy of musicians. Mr. Gibson and Mr. Daniel deserve high praise for their assistance. The room, which was tastefully decorated, was filled by a respectable and appre- ciative audience, and a handsome amount will be handed to the funds. Although rain is keeping back, the crops look extremely healthy, and promise a favourable sea- son. We have noticed that dry seasons are more suitable for the Bhine district than a heavy rain- fall. A few good showers, however, could do no harm. There has been heavy frost at night, and ice nearly one inch thick could be found. The time for ploughing matches is near, but no preparations are making m our locality. All would like to see another match, but few care about taking an active part. As there is a good balance in hand from last year, the old Committee might again come forward, seeing that where there is a will there is a way. FREELING, July 26. The first annual meeting of the institute was hold on Thursday, the 22nd, when a lecture was given by Mr. J. B. Austin, of the Gawler Times, on the Far North, with incidents of travel, illus- trated by the magic lantern, giving views of remarkable places in the north parts of this colony and the new settlement at Port Denison. Much satisfaction was felt at the excellence of the exhibi- tion, the views being shown with a distinctiveness not often attained. Readings were also given by Mr. F. W. Holder and another member. Sixty to 70 persons were present; but the attendance was not so good as expected considering the beauty of the evening. PORT AUGUSTA, July 26. . On "Wednesday night a sacred concert was held in aid of the Bible Christian Mission; Mr. H. Mildred presiding. Mesdames Jones and Mason, Miss Barlow, and Messrs. BuTgojne, Vardy (Tenors), Harris (alto), Dawson (bas;), and Ward (treble), assisted by Mr. Charlton on the harmo- nium, sang selected pieces-solos, trios, quartettes, and choruses. This being the first sacred concert attempted at Port Augusta was very creditable, and was well attended. A drawback to real enjoy- ment was that a few at the back, in trying to show their appreciation, thought the best way was to cry encore at the close of each piece. WILLIAMSTOWN, July 27. On Monday evening an entertainment took place in the schoolroom to assist in defraying the debt on the building. Mr. Trestrail presided, and Mr. J. B. Austin gave his lecture " On the Far North,'' with dissolving views. Songs sung by Miss E. Snellgrove and Mr. Canty, and recitations given by a Gawler friend, were appreciated. On the motion of Mr. Sheppard, thanks were accorded to the lecturer, who gave his services gratuitous. The proceeds were £4 4s. MELROSE, July 26. A second Institute soiree, held on Friday evening, proved a great success pecuniarily and as a display of musical and literary talent. The programme opened with a duet on the harmonium and piano, given effectively bytwoladyamateurs. Pleasing reci- tations, readings, songs, and duets followed, and a highly instructive lecture by the Rev. Mr. Edwards on "The Permanency of Modern Civilization." These soirees have become popular of late, and all look forward to them with feelings of pleasure. A valuable addition in amusements has lately been male by the importation from Melbourne of a first-class billiard table. Mr. Mather, of the North Star Hotel, has had his large room fitted with the requisite appliances for billiard-playing, and the room is excellent. RHYNIE, July 27. During the past fortnight we have had severe frosts, the grouud having been apparently covered with a white sheet in the mornings. Ou Monday last ice on a tin of water was half an inch thick, and in some places nearly three-quarters. The frost is causing the feed to be backward, and in some paddocks there is little grass. The wheat has also suffered a little. A heavy shower fell this evening, which was thankfully received by farmers. They were beginning to complain ot the dry weather and heavy frost. Business continues dull, without prospect of early improvement. Special religious services are being held in the Wesleyan Chapel, and the Rev. A. Stubbs, minister of the circuit, preached last evening to a large congregation, when great attention was manifested. WELLINGTON, July 27. We have had beautifully fine weather the last few days, but severe frosts at night have greatly retarded the growth of vegetation. To-day there are indications of approaching rain, which will be very welcome. Colds are very prevalent. Some fine cows have died rather suddenly on the other side of the river, but I have not heard any definite reason. [Possibly pleuro-pneuraonia, which is slightly showing itself in some districts.-ED.] SALISBURY, July 28. The late severe frosts have retarded the growth of the wheat and barley crops, and the early potatoes are much injured. We had a few showers last evening, and hope to have more, as without good soakiugs at this season we cannot hope to reap much of a harvest oil' these plains. Mr. Raymond, sen., met with a serious accident last Saturday morning. While crossing a rustic bridge spanning the Little Para, and leading to his own property, he lost his balance and fell into the dry bed of the creek, Fortunately, the accident was soon discovered, and assistance being obtained, the sufferer was conveyed on an improvised couch to the house. Dr. Fisher was soon in attendance, and speedily discovered that the chief external injury was a fractured thigh, which he has suc- ceeded in setting. As the sufferer is advanced in life, and has received a severe shaking, his recovery cannot be anticipated for some time. MACCLESFIELD, July 27. A succession of severe frosts lately have proved unfavourable to vegetation. The grass especially appears to have suffered considerably. It com- menced to rain this morning, and tbe day has been showery. There is every appearance of more, which will be welcome. A ratepayers' meeting took place yesterday, as advertised, when a rate of 9d. was carried. The balance-sheet was discussed. A number of rate- payers never attend these meetings, and yet are ever ready to find fault with what is done. A little improvement is noticeable. Mr. H. Lewis has lately purchased a house, formerly in the occupation of Mr. S. Davenport, to which he has made some additions. He has roofed the .whole with iron. It will make a comfortable family residence, being in a retired part of the township. PORT WAKEFIELD PLAINS, July 26. On Friday a meeting was held at Mr. Mill- steed's house—Mr. R. B. Smith presiding—to consider the propriety of building a schoolroom. Captain Bickers and his tenant, Mr. Shadwell, having generously given an acre of land. The Chairmaa briefly but pithily remarked upon the great importance of giving to the risiug generation an education in accordance with means and oppor- tunities, and urged the necessity of firmness, unity, and perseverance in a thinly-populated district, to enable them to establish a school. After the bearings of the question had been dis- cussed, Trustees and a Building Committee were appointed, and it was resolved to commence operations at once. Mr. Millsteed was appointed Treasurer, and Mr. George Peter Secretary, and upwards of £10 were subscribed on the spot. The Wesleyans have been conducting divine service in a private house for some time, and as the accom- modation is inadequate, it was resolved unani- mously that they be allowed ths use of the schoolroom every Sunday for six months after it is finished. It was also carried, without a dis- sentient. "That the reading of the Bible be recognised as one of the principles of the school." "When the business was concluded, Mrs, Mill- steed kindly entertained those present, and a pleasant evening was spent in social intercourse. YANKALILLA, July 28. We had severe frosts the last few nights, which have considerably injured the garden crops. During the last two days there ha6 been a change in the weather, and heavy rain squalls accompanied with lightning. On Saturday a meeting of the Yankalilla Agri- cultural Society was held at Lewis's Hotel, to arrange for the ploughing match. Mr. John Butterworth was appointed Chairman, and Mr. Clayton Secretary. It was resolved that subscrip- tion-lists be opened; that Messrs. Sharrad. Bobertson, and Lovelock be a Committee to select suitable land; and that a prize-plough be given to the best ploughed land in the field, irrespective of other prizes. The meeting was then adjourned to the 27th instant, when, however, no business was done. On Tuesday evening an amateur entertainment was given in the Council Chamber in aid of the Christchurch Sunday-School Library. The Rev. C. W. Morse, incumbent, was in the chair. The entertainment consisted of leadings from Geoffrey Hamlyn, Caudle Lectures, and Artemus Ward, instrumental solos, vocal solos and duets, glees, and Christy's by Mrs. Morse and Mrs. Miilner, Dr. Miilner, Messrs. Lewis, Goode, Hibbart, Genery, and the Chairman. CLARE, July 28. During last week there was a severe frost every night but last evening we were favoured with a thunderstorm, and rain expected to set in, which .will be very acceptable to the farmers. The Presbyterian Sabbath-School anniversary was held yesterday. The tea- meeting was followed by a magic-lantern exhibited at the Town Hall, when the room was well fihed. Short addresses were given, and a collection made in aid of the funds. Our street is nearly finished, but the doz-in-the- manger principle seems to actuate the Boad Board, and they will not lend the use of their roller, though guaranteed against damage. If the public pay for such things, why should they be debarred from their os&when; damage is guaranteed to be made good! This ia carrying out red tape to its fall length. Theroller would make an excellent job of the street at ones. TUNGKLLLO. July 28. During the week we have had severe frosts, especially on Wednesday night, when ice some places. I have been told, was over an inch thick. On Monday afternoon the clouds threatened rain ; but it held off until Tuesday afternoon about 5 o'clock, when a sharp thunderstorm passed over, accompanied with a good steady rain, which con- tinued at intervals until noon of Wednesday. SKILLOGOLEE CREEK, July 28. Several assert that the coldest weather they have known in the colony was experienced last week, and certainly the cold was intense, with ice of a considerable thickness. One gentleman informed me that he placed a bucket half full of water on the ice in a tank or pond without its breaking. On Tuesday afternoon a thunderstorm was experienced, followed by rain, though not much. Whilst speaking on meteorological matters I must not forget the eclipse of Friday, which was seen by many expectant gazers, "though it began rather late," or as one youthful prodigy observed, "the moon was a jolly long time trying to get in front of the shadder." The news that our old visitor the ex-bushranger is out again and up to his old tricks is creating a slight sensation. TRURO, July 28. On Friday evening Mr. G. Thompson, of Angaston, gave his promised lecture, "Gleanings concerning Robert Burns, the Peasant Poet of Scotland," at the Assembly Room, Crown Inn. to a large audience. The Rev. P. Barr filled the chair, and Mr. Plumstead presided at the piano, and gave an excellent selection of Scotch music. The collection was in aid of Truro School. A public meeting to arrange the forthcoming ploughing match was held on the 20ih, at Truro Hotel, Mr. Snodgrass Presiding, when Messrs. J. Zimmerman, C. Baker, R. Orrock, G. McGall, R. Baxter, J. Snodgrass, jun., W. Jackson, S. Parks, were appointed the Committee; Treasurer, Mr. H. Brand; Secretary, Mr. S. Altschuler. The heavy frosts have done great injury to the grass, which is very short. Last night we had a fine shower, accompanied by a thunderstorm. This has refreshed the ground a little, and there is every appearance of more rain. BURBA, July 28. From the long period that has elapsed since we had any rain ot consequence ir, the East and North- East, sheepfarmers and agriculturists began to dread a dry season. To-day a little from the westward has falien, but the quantity is so meagre that the impression of a coming drought is not yet dispelled. The Rev. Mr. Stanton, M.A., favoured us with an entertainment, consisting of amusing readings, &c.;, at the Burra Hotel on Monday evening. The subjects selected were "Scene from Real Life at the Antipodes,"' "The Maidservant's Dream," Mr. Sprouts at Boulogne,' "Gnashing of Teeth," The Gold-Seekers," and "There's some- thing in that." Between the readings music by lady amateurs added materially to the enjovment. Miss Dickenson played beautifully ' The Queen's March" and selections from "Montecchi." Miss Kathleen Stanton, a young lady scarcely entered on her "teens," delighted with a piece of music, founded on the well-known air "The Blue Bells of Scotland," and a duet with another young lady amateur. Miss Annie Stanton played "La Chatelaine" nicely, and one or two songs were sung. A collection was made in aid of the Church Bazaar Fund. On the same evening the Rev. Mr. Colley (Primitive Methodist) gave a lecture m the lusti- tute on behalf of the Librarian (Mr. Cross), whose health is in a bad state, and whose wife is laid up. The subject was "The Russian War. At intervals Mrs. Smith played beautiful pieces of music, once assisted by Miss Coglin. Miss Perry sang well— in one instance particularly, and she was deservedly eucored. Mr. Frederick Moody also sang three times. The room was crammed, and the collection realized about £4. RIVERTON, July 29. Sunday, the 25th. was the Bible Christian Chapel anniversary. Three sermons were preached to large congregations by the Rev. W. Richards, of Gawler. On Monday, after tea, Mr. Foisayth pre- sided, when the Revs. W. Richards, R. Lang, and others spoke. The proceeds and promises amounted to more than £50, which wiil nearly clear off the chapel debt. The weather was beautiful, the chapel crammed, and the moon shone m going home after a day's enjoyment. Business is as dull, if not duller, than ever, and farmers are becoming anxious as to the markets. The weather during the week has been exceed- ingly cold and frosty at nights, and rain was the general cry. Yesterday it came heavily, quite a thunderstorm, and nice showers continue, the crops are looking healthy, and the rain has come in time to save many from dying off. TWO WELLS, July 28. On Wednesday evening an entertainment took place in the schoolroom in connection with the Improvement and Musical Society. The Redbanks choir assisted; Mr. H. Warren presided, and there was a good attendance. Amongst other pieces on the programme were glees by the choir, a reading by Mr. Corden, " Mike Murphy and the Ghost;" recitation. "The Light Brigade," by Mr. James Cowan, effectively given; and other contributions by the Chairman, Messrs. J. Strongman, and Temby. A lengthy programme was gone through with credit. The whole wound up with the laugh- able piece, "Hungerford Market," giving, imita- tion of costermoagers' street cries. This was highly amusing and ludicrous, but more practice was required. A common error was ob- servable in the readings and recitations—the too free selection of comical pieces. As monthly entertainments are contemplated, this error can be remedied, and there is abundance of latent talent, only requiring cultivation. The district ploughing match promises to be successful. There are in all, as advertised in the Observer, 33 prizes for competition, amounting to about £9i). The champion prize is subscribed for by ladies. We sincerely hope to have pleasant weather, and a brass band will be present. We had a few showers yesterday and to-day, which were much wanted. A pelitition to Government is being numerously signed to have a sandbank at the mouth of Port Gawler Harbour removed; it is very detrimental to shipping.—Communicated. PORT ELLIOT, July 28. Rain is badly wanted. The weather during the week has been cold and the nights frosty; ice of considerable thickness has been seen. To-day a stiff gale has been blowing; the sea is very rough, and rain is threatening. The young crops are looking beautiful STRATHALBYN, July 28. We have had a long continuance of dry weather, and the last seven nights severe frosts; but it has now changed to strong wind with light showers. Rain is much required, and we hope to see the present skims succeeded by a heavy fall. Great preparations are being made for our forth- coming rifle matches. I would suggest that this Association—the oldest and most important in the colony—would be fully justified in altering its name from the Strathalbyn and South-Eastern to the South Australian Rifle Association. We have good fctone butts, two complete sets of splendid targets, with necessary ringing centres for the various periods, two large false targets for disc marking, and all the hands requisite at the annual competition-efficient men. too, for marking, scoring, &c;, engaged, and waiting men, whom in any weather we can guarantee to change targets from one period to another in five minutes. This last note, I trust, will be read by all connected with Rifle Associations; for many of us have been kept waiting over two hours for the change of targets at some matches-conduct which, for my part, 1 would denounce as all but unpardonable. KAPUNDA, July 28. After a number of frostv nights and dry days we have been favoured with refreshing showers. Should the frosts keep away we may expect to see the crops growing fast. Business is as extremely dull as might be expected at this season. PENOLA, July 25. The season so far has been very favourable for sericulture, roadmaking. building, and other out- door operations. There has been a great extension of farming here this year, a number of new farms having been taken up, and the area of cultivation is now spreading out on three sides of the town. Its is expected that there wiil be about 3,500 acre ploughed in the vicinity this season. The opera- tions of seeding, &c.;, on the old low lands have here been concluded for some time, and most of the crops look very well as yet; but, as usual in every season and in all dis- tricts, some of it looks a little ill- favoured. The hay on new lands may be looked upon as rather hazardous unless soon completed. The chief part of the ground, say at least two-thirds of the land farmed, will be in wheat, the land here producing really good crops of this grain, which to take the average of former seasons has been of a superior quality, either for milling or seed purpsses. Large quantities of wheat are now being carted from here to MacDonnell Bay for shipment. The wheat much in favour here, and which appeals to be well adapted to the Boil, iB the variety known as White Lammas. I am of opinion that Spring or Ninety- day wheat would answer much better for late sowing. Several new buildings are in course of erection in and near the town. The new Institute is gradually approaching completion; little remains to be done but the painting, glazing, and fitting. I understand the large hall will be opened with a concert on an early day, and that it is the intention of the Com- mittee of the Presbyterian Church to hold a grand fancy bazaar in aid of the building fund of the proposed new church in the Hall at the time of what is expected to be a great ploughing match and Agricultural, Pastoral, and Horticultural Show on 26th August. There is some talk of the Penola Sawmill being brought iuto the township to work. The District Council contracts for road work, &c.;, are nearly completed, most of which will be a very beneficial convenience to the residents and others. Some of the works are not much appreciated as yet. but will be better understood when finished. The weather has of late-bean very cold, and feed for stock is rather scare, and stock is not in first- class condition. Dairy produce is scarce and very dear, most of it being brought from places at a distance. The great district conference, to consider the wants and grievances and proposed improvements of the district, together with the means to be devised to obtain for it a fair share of money spent in the colony for public works, of which many are urgently required, meets here to-morrow. 