THE VOLUNTEER REVIEW AT BAL LARAT. Touching the proposed review, the Tele graph Btatoa that theBO enoampments do an incalcnlablo good in promoting that sentiment of comradeship which is a real motive power in such an organisation, while from a military or professional point of view they are indispen sable for the purpose of turning civilians into effective soldiers. Not only is tho camp a seminary for tho cnltivation of that vagnu nn- UCUUUU1U OCUOQ VI UVUUi ITUitlU IUU French, with that curiam /clicitas which dis tinguishes their language, have determined that all tho world shall oall esprit dc corps but it is a school of discipline and instruction which oannot be supplied within the smaller compass of the drill room, or by tho more limited artifices of the drill-sergeaut. A sug gestion has roachcd tho Telegraph thet a very grateful boon might bo conceded to tbo force gonerally by the granting of a free railway pass on the Government railway lines to oach mem ber of it, covering one weoli in every year, and though onr contemporary is inclined to set his face ngainst gratnities or rewards of this kind, as having a demoralising efiect, and being really distasteful to the higher volunteer mini, in wonm como quite witum the scope or such friendly disoussions as might tako placo among the assembled troops. For, after all, the volunteer system should bo what it pre tends to bo — an embodiment of voluntaryism in its most disinterested sense ; and the ideal can only be presorvod by paring down assist ance from without to its smallest possible, com pass, consistently with maintaining the effi ciency of tho principle in practice. Another Ghost Stohy.— We regret to state, says tho Gundagai Times, that tho bnnyip which used to live in a pool in the Murrumbid- geo, near Gundagai, seems to have quitted bis old quarters; but we loarn that a ghost has como to dwell amongst us, possibly. as. compen sation for tho above loss. We cannot as yet indicate tho Bpectre's rcsidenco, if it has one, hut the culvert familiarly termed Bennett's Folly, on tho sidoling of Mount Parnassus, seems one of its haunts, as we havo been in formed that, on Sunday evening last, a gen tleman resident in our locality who was riding past this spot, was there confronted by the supernatural visitant. It roso apparently from under the oulvort, tall, shadowy, and with a livid phosphoric light abont it, snch as a bad fish. hnng. in a dark placo exhibits. As the shape approaohed tho startled steed rcarod, and the rider's hair stood on end ; bat the apparitisn seomod to patB under the horse, and disap peared with a faint hollow sound, like a distant dying groan. Wo neod not say that the horse man made all hasto to quit the spot ; but we may add that another party avers that he hM seen this spectre in the same place, that it passed him by liko a flash of fire, and that be thought his whiskers were singed off by it. So far this ij satisfactory ; every plaoo ought to bo oelebrated for something, and a well authenti cated local ghost would add considerably to our township's reputation. The Cnors anound Yass. — Wo learn that heavy rain at short intervals oontinuod to fall since last Saturday morning up to Tuesday at Yass, and the rivor there baa risen several feet. Tho oopious moisture has had a most beneficial effect upon the country, and a more favourable season than this promises to be has not boen experienced for a long series of years. The hay crop is likely to be a very heavy one, and the wheat, of which a much larger area than usual has been sown, looks Tsiyfine iadead, . 