Thikd Day—Satubbat. ! Tbo oaaa of Alexander v Jones was re-. Burned to-day at ten o'clock, in the Supreme' Court, before his Honor the Chief Justice Sir "W. P. Stawell. The first witness called was C. E. Jones, Commissioner of Railways, who being sworn was examined by Mr Higinbothnm, and gave the following evidence:—I have held the office of Commissioner of Railways since j Gtli July last. I remember February 18G7. I" remember seeing " Alexander in that month, on the 12th. I had seen Alexander previously, and knew who ho was. I had not any conversation with Alexander on that day in Collins-street, i I went to see Mr Jenner, with me Mr Longipore and G. Berry. I remember Peterson calling on me on tlie 13th February. On -Wednesday Peterson came to mq in the library of the Assembly and he said Alexander wanted to see me, and I asked where, and ho said in his offices, and I said if he wants to see me he can come to me. He went away and returned and said Alexander is iuthe White i Hart, and I replied very tartly, " I don't want to see Alexander; but if ho wishes to' apeak to mo he can come here." He did come over to the house and he said '• I want to Bpeak to you about' your meeting to-morrow night." He was afraid I would not get a hearing and said .he would give me assistance, and that Mr Miu-ray Smith would go on the platform with me, and I said he " talked like a fool because if I" could not get a heaving myself, Mr Smith could not help." He said he would arrange for a lot of lumpers to be present, and then deft. I heard Alexander give his evidence. It is untrue that be called on me in consequence of something I said about holding meetings and raising money. Whenever Alexander's" statement differs from mino it 13 untrue. 'If I Had succeeded there would have been no necessity to raise money. After the interview of the 12th February, I saw Alexander repeatedly.. Alexander called once at my house in Young-street. Alexander, never to my knowledge, entered the doors of my bouse in Gore-streefc. Sometimes I found Alexan der in the lobby of the House, and spoke to him, but as he proffered me advice, I de clined to meet him. Alexander called at iby house in Young-street some time after I moved there after June. He called to ask mo to give information respecting Mr "Wheeler's case before the police court. A person named Johnson was with me. I saw Alexander in the beginning of Feb ruary, 18GS, but not by my invitation. He came to ask me if I would take charge of the general election for the party to which he was agent. I told him the policy of his party and mine were dissimilar. He said if I would give up the Darling Grant, they, would meof my views. I saw Alexander repeatedly after that and talked politics.' Alexander referred to me as if I was a very clever man, and his party thought so. He never complained that 1 had not carried out any agreement with him. I knew Mr J. W. Randall. I had known him then, about twelve year3. I have had conversa tions with Randall on political subjects in! February, 1367. It was on the evening of the day after the Budget speech had"been: delivered, on the 5th. . He walked home with- me. He- agreed with me • in-< de nouncing the tariff which had been intro duced, in general terms. I agreed with bim that the tariff was one which oughtito he oppc a id, and said I -vould oppose it. Ran dall said _that he was a free trader, but he would much rather have a protective tariff than the mongrel one introduced. He came into my house with me, and asked me if an agitation out of doors could not be got up. [Mr Fellows objected to these j conversations on these noints.l I Examination continued—Respecting the conversations with Randall-on 'other sub jects regarding the means at the disposal of the Free Trade League, and also that Air Langton was not the one for the busi ness. Generally the evidence given by Mr Randall is not correct. The first time: I spoke to Randall' about money was when ho offered £5 for the expenses of a public meeting, but years before that Randall and I had conversations about money for poli tical purposes. Randall never told me that I could lely on ,£100 being forthcog ing on the 14th February. I nevorj^^B sessed a book containing the names oM|H Francis and other members of Parlianlent; with a debtor and creditor account, polU tically speaking, for each. I never told Randall that I possessed such a book. Talked with Randall on the tariff and its operations in connection with soft goods. On 13th February I wrote to Mr Randall, a letter, which has been called the " pas chal lamb letter." I fix the date"*because; on that day I received a note from Mr Jenuer declining to act as chairman at the" meeting on the following day in St George's Hall. I heard from Mr Randall on tho following day, tho. 14th. X wroto again to. him. I wrote two letters only to Randall about this time. The second letter is the one net forthcoming. Randall did not call on mo in consequence of 'the second letter. He did not call at my house" in reference to Alexander's offer '.of money. I saw J. IV. Randall on a car going to Col lingwood. It was after the 14th February. We were on the car" together. Randall referred to the contribution of £5 whicb;hb had not paid. I siiid, " All right, all right,"" and changed tho conversation.'^ A1 long; talk succeeded regarding , Jenner. f not taking the chair at the meeting.. It.is un-' true that Randall asked me if I had got the money and that I said "Albright." ic. I did not say the" "Jew is kind."; It is false that • I said the bristling Scotch hillook must be removed." In fact the. whole of tho conversation : as .given by Randall is untruo, except with one br'two unimportant: exceptions. ' Had no farther conversation with,Randall-on the subject of money. , He never paid; me the £5, and never spoke about the £100, as the least sum I was to receive. I never asked from Mr Randall or received from him any undertaking that the grounds on which the action was settled were to be kept secret j on an honorable understanding. The letters which led to the settlement were published at the time. Besides those | letters it was understood that Mr Randall's costs were to be paid. I withdrew the action because I was unable t to get evil dance to' sustain my . statement regarding the sale of Randall's shares in the Colling wood Gas Company. I did not apply a filthy expression to the free trade: party in Alexander's presence. I did not receive money from Alexander r.t ■ any'time or fotj any purpose. I heard the charge first made, when I was at Ballarat:" It was made at a public meeting, and'Alexander's name was mentioned. The question was asked. -1 made an answer at' the Soldier's Hill meeting to the question in which I denied the charge, and according to the Ballarat- Star report I then overstated my case. I forget what I said, but believe I did hot answer according to the published report. After that telegrams were received from Alexander and Eandall. Next there was a statutory declaration made by Ean dall. By a Juryman—Had you a banking ac» count in February, 1867 ? Mr Jones—I had, in the Bank of Aus tralasia, Juryman;—"Will your Honor obtain a copy of the banking account. v _ . Chief Justice—I cannot do that/: . Mr Jone3—I will be.' happy to obtain the ^information desired. - '■« •" Juryman—"Will you -get.ia- copy , of the ledger containing your banking: accounts, .aud bill payable or'receivable from the'9th to the 20th February, 1SG7 ? ' ; - Mr Jones—Tea. and I may mention .that the hnnk clerlfwiU be examined.' /I called at ' the bank this morning to; obtain, the pass book, and was informed that- they did not hare it. - ; Examination resumed by Mr • • Higin botham—"Witn ess narrated "tho 'conversa tion held- with Mr Kidney on;,the day of the free,banquet, but the' evidence did not differ from that formerly published. With reference to. the Ballarat election in Jqly, witness said I was: rotprqed fqr.Ballarilt^ "West, and'that "was.the -ffrst time i.heardl of Alexander':s charge. ' Cros3-eramined . by Mr Fellows—I re member being prosecuted for peijury, nt the police court in 1861 or 18G3- ; My do fence was that I had never made-the statement on oath, and that I had 'never made such a statement at' all. The case was dismissed. . Eees brought an' action against me, and obtained a verdict. I said to Mr Sergeant on 28th July at Balla rat, when lie made Alexander's chargoj that I would have him to the police office, but I did not do so. Witness-—Would you like my reasons ? Mr Fellows—h[0,uof all. ' ' ..' ' Exaiijinatiqn resumed—I kno.w a person of the name of Nnsh. My cheques were always paid by me or the bank," J don't owe a person of the name of Wash any money which I have not paid him, I could not account for a person of the name of Nash possessing an outstanding cheque of mine. If Nash has a cheque of mine it has not been paid. If Nash has a cheque signed by me then it has not been paid, but 1 do not owe him any money. If Nash has a cheque of mine then I will pay it. 'Ihere was a man df that name in my employment in 1862, and if he produces the cheque I will pay it. With regard to the matters connected with the late Mayor of Melbourne, Mr Bennett, the witness said that ho did not sue Mr Ben nett for perjury, because ho was'not worth powder or shot. Mr Fellows—But it does not require shot to prosecute a man criminally. Your own evidence would have sufficient if you had been believed. (Laughter.) Examination resumed—I was not pushed for mouey more than ordinary while 1 knew Mr Bennett. 1 havo borrowed money as high as 40 per cent, because I could not get it cheaper. I was sued for a balance of an account at one time, and Mr Fellows was my counsel. I gained the case. The plaintiff had not a pawnbroker's license, and, as they could not come into court, the plaintiff withdrew the record, and paid the costs. That defence was suggested by some one. I knew a person named Fischel, and was in the habit of corresponding with him. Ho was one of the proprietors of the Monte-de-piete. Some portion of my cor respondence was dunning Mr Fischel to pay his private account. I received two loans of 41100 each from Mr Fischel, and I did not know that he was playing false with the directors in tending me the money. He asked to lend me the money in another name besides my own. I did not know he was cheating the directors in doing so. I gave an acceptance to him in November, 1861, in ray own name. It is possible he asked me' to redeem the goods before the action was brought. It was brought in January, 1S64. I did not know how long Mr Fischel kept my name from the hoard. Letter handed in November 11,1863, signed by Mr Fischel stating that the month's grace was up, and asking Mr Jones to make some arrange ment, as Fishscel did wish to give up Jones' name to the Board. That note gives the commencement of the history. My accept ance was given as concurrent security. It was for 41100, and the note was for two month* and was renewed, and a cheque for £50 handed in addition. I soon learned that Mr Fischel was so inveterate a liar, that I ceased to believe him. Fischel pro mised to .destroy an acceptance for J&100 to which that letter refers. He agreed to de stroy it, but failed to do so. A new hill and a cheque was given in November, 1861, for JS100. I gave an acceptance for 41100. Shown letter in which it is said that I gave him'an acceptance for 41200. That is cor rect. I borrowed at the interest of 26 per cent. I do not know if that was the usual rate.; 1 paid Cs or 8s per week as interest. That was not 26 per cent. I find by this letter, that J gave an acceptance for 41200 in November, 18G1, but it was not to be met,'it was to be held as"security. I gave a cheque, and made it payable' to Nash in stead. of myself,'and that cheque was given j to Fischel. 11 consider whnn Hin woo I paid they got more than they were entitled to in the shape of interest, &c.; I think it likely' I asked them to sell the goods pledged. I heard of them being sold. , I carried on business in May, 1864. All that time ihy'liabilities were greater than the assets. The creditors were not paid in full., I think it was in 1864 that one of the creditors bought the other creditors out, and I paid him all his debt with ten per cent interest added. I paid the money and in 1864 d was carrying on business as a tailor/The creditors had bought the estate earlier than the time I mentioned before. He had security over my furniture until I paid him off, which I did in 1865. In that year Ioffered myself as o candidate forBal larat. I never received £40 from an Orange lodge for election expenses. I was elected I remember making the speech as reported in the Ballarat Mar in July 1868. I meant that I had not received money for a corrupt purpose from the Constitutional Associa tion. I have received money for a political .purpose) but never received money for any Services to be rendered by me on account of 'being, a member of the Assembly. I do remember I went , to Maldon. There was an election going,on. I was a member of tbo House. I got £50 to take up as a de posit . for. Lieut. Amsinck which I paid to the officer.., I never.got £20 for-myself:'. To,the best of my belief I did hot experid the £100 given to help Lieut. Amainclc's election. > I paid £250 for the costs in Ran dall's action. ' I got no receipt. I did not pay,the money myself.; I do hot recollect being in Mr Butters' office while Mr Wil liams was there, or while the Quieting Titles Bill was talked about. I have heard the report, I did-not got the £200. jl asked Mr Butters. ; I have openly denied the' charge to. Mr Batters and Mr Casey. I voted for. .tho second reading of the bill referred to, and moved an amendment in: committee and ■ the bill died of it. Jenner received £200 for" the course I pursued on that occasion: I have heard that Mr Fel lows, was accused of receiving a bribe hun dreds of times, and what is more I believed it then, .and believe it now.: (Laughter.) Regarding the'Randalls evidence I deny I over wrote a letter, asking the ' soft goods people to. subscribe. • I never had1 such a book- with- - members-' names '.in. I have , never shown, it in the Assembly. ,. I have a scrap book- in which I paste. remarkable speeches and :.memo, because it is nearly filled with my own speeches. (Laughter.) , Memo, or pawn ticket shown regarding one of the pieces ot_ cloth, touching the loan nf ' I never,saw.it before. It bears date .18641'~I kfioW-nnthina- np it Tliio bears date '64 instead of '61. I think that man had bolted from the colony before 1864\. The signature is Louis Fischel. If it is not the true date, then it is the record of a transaction which took place in 1861. The figure has been altered to a 4. The name .waB written by Fischel, and suggested by. him, not because I wished to ;pawn my own goods in any other name than my own. I" looked on Fischel as a harmless liar. He asked me for money often. He told me oh one occasion that goods sent to the auction room had been withdrawn at the request of the directors. With reference 'to the point sworn to by Alexander, in which he stated that he saw Mr Jones and Air Longmore at the window, the witness said that a passer-by could see witnesses ot the window. As a rule, I would not open .the door of my house, but if it was not opened promptly I would do it as a rebuke to a servant. The servant made some mis-statements in her evidence, not' any important ones. Peterson's evidence, as to dates is wrong. Wherever his evi dence differs from mine as to the interviews he is wrong. ! Mr Fellows—What was the sacrifice that the paschal lamb was ready for ? Mr Jones—I was ready for the howling down at the meeting at St. George's Hall. Mr FellewB—And you wanted the JS5 to enable you to do so ? Mr Jones—No; I knew I was in for it at the time, but 1 did not like to pay the ex penses as well. Witness continued—I would have used Mr Bandall just as far as he would go my way. That was the meaning I intended to .conveys I did not use the statement " the Jew is kind." I was ready to join the free .traders in-order to get rid of the tariff, I was trying to out-mancBuyre them, not to sell them. , j '-•"Mr Fellows—It looks very like it. Witness resumed—I.recollect writing the letter called the "Paschal lamb" note;1 I j .'dated it' the 13th February, and-also the others! I. believe these letters are in existence: yet, but they have been mis described, and think the witnesses who have stated they are destroyed are not speaking the truth. I did support the application made by Eee^ for a situatjou wbile.Iwos in the City Council. Shown an acceptance for J150, dated March 6,1861. I do hot recollect it. I do not know whe ther 'it is paid! hut think most likely it is connected with tho Fischol busn\eS3. " Re-examined by Mr Higinbotham—I have boi\r4i, 4 think, that Randall has played tho ghost in Hamlet, and that he has made recitations at penny readings from the Merchant-of Venice. He was a member of the Garrick club. I find I have misstated the fact about the Quieting Titles matter in my cross- examination. It was Mr Casey I spoke to, and asked him to. tell Mr Butters. . I first heard the rumour of being .bribed' wit\\) -fBOO from Mr Casey, who said he had heard it froin Mr Francis, and that fig jllad; got; it from Mr "Williams qv Mi* Butters. The latter gentleman said it was a .lie; and that Williams had made the slateumgt out of spite against him. I did not receive one shilling from Mr Butters on the Quieting Titles Bill. In the action of Randall v Jones the record was with drawn. As to this action brought by Fis chcl; he told me that the goods should bo de posited in some other name, not mine That was Louis Fisehel's suggestion. The goods I lodged were worth 50 per cent, more than tho advances I obtained for them. I did say I would t.also proceedings against Ser geant at Ballarat for making the charge regarding the J1G0 matter, 1 did not do so because I soon found that the authors of the charge wore the proper persons against i whom it iyns the right thing to proceed- I obtained the appointment of a select com mittee in the llouso. I cannot give any explanation as to the cheque drawn in favor of Nash. It refers to the Fiscliel matter, and forms part of the security given for the advances made, and not inoant to have been used. Air Sutton, a clerk in the Bank of Aus tralasia, produced an extract from Mr Jones's banking account from 31st January to 14th February, 18C7, the last item in Mr Jones's account. The'chequed were'drawn on C. E. Jones and Co'. The pay-in slip of February 13th shows .£35 and £10 a cheque aa paid in. The £10 came from the Ballarat livening Post. I cannot speeify anything about the notes. I must have got some money from my friends at Balla rat. I was correspondent for the Ballarat Pvcning Post. J. W. Randall, recalled, to a Juror said— I believed, in plain English without any equivocation or anything, that during the conversation with Mr Jones in the car, he told me that he had received the money, the .EGO, from Alexander. Tou may rely on that -tatement as true. Mr Jones | spoke to me on tho subject often, and I saw Alexander and said to him "for good ness sake get that money for Jones,_ heps j giving me no peace about it." He said, I am trying all I can. I saw. Jones after-i wards, and I said, Alexander has paid that money? and he said, "it is all right, tho Jew is kind." I have no doubt whatever but that Jones got tho money. I never promised a £5 note to Jones to defray por tion of the expenses at the meeting held in St. George's Hall on tho Tariff. Jones never asked me to pay that X5. All the conversations I had with him were respect ing the payment of the money handed to him by Alexander. Samuel Mirls, recalled. Mr Michie—Would you believe Mr Alex ander on his oath, and how long have you known him. Witness—I have known Alexander since ISfil, and would not believe Alexander on his oath if he had any benefit to be derived from the statement. I have known bim since 1861. Mr Fellows—Are you in the Government service ? Witness—Yes. Mr Fellows—What department ? Witness—In the locomotive department of the Government Bail ways. During the late reductions my position was not inter fered with. Mr Do Costa—I was bookseller to Wil kinson Bros. I have known Alexander for four or five years. On being asked the question if witness would believe Alexander on his oath, Mr Fellows objected that the witness was not a competent witness to give. an opinion on Alexander's truthfulness. The Chief Justice sustained the objection and the question was not allowed. Mr Michie—Was his general reputation good? . Mr De Costa—I don't know anything about him, except in the transaction of the tobacco. To Mr Fellows—When did Wilkinson and Co give up business ? Witness—In 1867. Alexander was em ployed as broker up to a year before they gave up business. Richard Jones gave evidence as to the height of the window of Mr Jones' late residence in Gore-street. Mr Fellows cross-examined the witness as to the reason why he left the Govern ment service five years ago. Witness said he left because of reductions in the depart ment of Bonds and Bridges. I was never allowed to resign. I was never charged with pawning a theodolite, and never did it. To Mr Michie—I have been employed in the sama department since. This closed the case for the defence. Mr Fellows asked that the bank ledger containing Mr Jones' account should be produced. ' I After argument, the Chief Justice said he could not grant an order for the produc tion of the ledger. In answer to Mr Michie, the Chief Justice said ho was prepared to adjourn till Monday or go on at once, as the jury decided. It was decided to go on at once. . Mr Michie then commenced his address to the jury at five minutes to three'o'clock. He accused the counsel for the plaintiff with having raked and scraped together every thing that was in any way injurious to the character or reputation of the defendant. It had been disclosed that on one occasion Mr* Jones had pledged a portion of his stock; He (Mr Michie) thought, of course, that was a dreadful crime; but he won dered if, in the exigencies of' life and busi ness, Mr Jones was the only merchant in Bourke-street or elsewhere who had pledged a portion of his stock, and paid a higher' rate of interest than 2G per cent for the accommodation. , i Mr Fellows addressed the jury for the plaintiif, after which I The Chief Justice summed up and com mented on the evidence. His Honor re marked that the trial did possess a semi political character which jit was hardly possible to rid it of. However, the jury | must not impart any politics into their i decision. They must dismiss all questions of politics from their minds. They "had to | deal with the characters of two men, that of the plaintiif and that of the defeadant, for that was the real issuo they had to try; and they had to try that issue upon very contradictory and conflicting evidence. Thero was only one way before them, and that was to set the probabilities on the one side against probabilities on the other and do the like with the improbabilities, and to do this very carefully. His Honor pro ceeded to analyse the evidence with great clearness and perspicuity, the charge occu pying nearly an hour and a half in its delivery. At its close, at five minutes post six, the jury retired. 