OUR LONDON LETTERS. THE LADIES' LETTER. London, Dec. 1, 1868. My DEAR --- Since any last letter, death has delorived the worlul of the most as1ccessfil and best appre clited operatic composer of his tiuo--Rossini. ie was seventy- live years old, had been twice married, both times to woman who could boast msore of money than of honor, and as a consequence Rlossini has left his widow a wealthy woman. He was embalmed' after death, and rcsts in the Cemeotery of Poro In Chaise. Heo has survived his own genius, as h hle had not for thirty years given any secular 1 composition to the world. Ho way once asked why he was not more intimate with hicyorbecr. " Well," he answered, "I like foeyorbear, but we don't get on together." " Why not"l " Because," said the wit, "he insists on preferring Sanor terant to macca. roni." Rossini wore very mean apparel, and was considered anything but liberal handed. Such is the waiy in which men save fortunes. In his last moments lie suffered much from internal inflammation. The Press has come out particularly strong on the "woman suffrage" question, in conse- quence of the recent decision in the Court of Common Pleas by Lord Chief Justice Bovill and Justices Willes, Keating, and Byles. Mr. Coleridge in vain brought forward divers ancient authorities to prove that women had voted by proxy in elections. He argued, and here I think most justly, that if women ful- filled certain conditions of property, payment of rates and duties in relation to the court of their county, as well as men, they were entitled to similar rights in the way of voting. He also endeavored to prove that the generic term "man" included woman, but the judi- cial powers would not have it so. And Mr. Justice Byles-- unngallant creature !--" hoped that the decision then given would for ever exorcise and lay this ghost of a doubt, which he politely added ought never to have been raised. Women are curious, that we know is proverbial, so your correspondent confesses a wish to know if Mr. Justice Byles, if a Benedict, is an autocrat in his own menage, or has he got a lady like Mrs. Proudie, that memorable creation of Anthony Trollope, which character after all was no creation, but a bona fide woman, who may be seen in many other counties besides "Barsetshire." But "revenous nous a nos moutons"--or rather our editors. The Times is "not sorry." The Pall Mall Gazetto thinks there can be no doubt that whatever the merits of the actual question, women at present have no right to vote. The Standard feels assured that the movement is not sup- ported by any except an insignificant (and not the most intelligent) minority of the female sex. Of course, in delivering this opinion it must mean to assort that amongst this unintelligent minority Mrs. Somerville, Miss Martineau, Miss Nightingale, Miss Garrett, Miss Emily Davies, and other eminent women are included. Now your correspondent can vouch for this fact, that one of the most illiterate and narrow-minded women of her acquaintance, who conducts a large business in the City, is entirely against having a vote, for which opinion she can offer no reason, at least none worth hearing. Her Majesty of Spain (late, should be added) has arrived in Paris. She was received at the station by Queen Christine and M. Mon, the Spanish Minister. Isabella, who wore a grey silk dress and white paletot, had an expression of perfect indifference. Then came the King--that mockery of Royalty,-- and after him the little Infantas, all in a livery of grey water-proofs. There were eight carriages and seventy trunks. The Royal cortege drove to the Pavilion Rohen, on the Louvie, till the Queen's residence in the Champs Elysees is ready. One significant fact remains to be told--not a single Spaniard residing in Paris has entered his name on the ex-Queen's visiting book. The doings at Compiegne are truly regal. The guests number about sixty-seven; they breakfast and dine with the Emperor and Empress. The immense stables are filled with horses, for the forenoons are occupied with the chace. By the way, the other day the Prince of Wales was unseated from his horse by the blow of a stag's antler. His Royal Highness, however, remounted and went on, as if notlhing had Iappened. At five o'clock the Empress has a kettledrum tea. The evenings are occupied with theatricals or a ball, with Waldtenfle's orchestra. Waldtenfle is the successful rival of Johann Strauss. Adeliua Patti-Marquiso de Caux has commenced her career by giving receptions-most brilliant ones they are-at which music is an especial feature ;.some times a splendid dinner prefices the evening party. Patti and Alboni sang the duet, "Quis est horme," together at Rossini's funeral celebration. Gardoni, too, was there, and Christine Nilsson, as well as every artist I of note in Paris. There was no such thing as getting a seat hardly for money. Alboni wept s she suang her old master's music. By the way, the great Rothschild, the Paris banker, is dead; his financial advice did mulch for Rossini's fortune. But I have not yet done with Compiegne. There you may be sure all that is strange and recherc/e in toilettes may be seen. Tihe velours colibris, of which I Imade mention in mny last, are conspicuous in every shade of bright dazzling colors. Green shot with violut, blue shot with gold, brown with flame color, and black shot with every con ceivable hue, form a coup d'eil scarcely to be Srealised. Thlese materials are all made in tlhe Louis tlhi Fourteenth style. Trinmmings Sfor tlhese dresses are bands of feathemrs to match. What doyou thik I Thlree guesses -you give it up 1 The haulte monde 'have takmin to powder their hIair II At the opera last weok live young married Parisian ladies, loaders of the fashion, all wore porwder. If it bhe accepted at Comnpiegne, then its success is certain. Will there be a tax levied on it I And can it be possible that the " superior sex" will imitate their own butlers and "Jeameses," or that pigtails I will crueep in again after, a hundred years absencel Who indeed can foresee these Sthings, or predict wliat will or will not be worn I SiSomne people may go so fur as to imagine that because the Louis Fifteenth andl Louis Six teenthl style hias recently been accepted in Paris, for toilettes, tlhat a new revolution as terrible as that of 1789 may loom in the not remote distance. " Tenterden steeple is the cause of Goodwin Sands," said the old gos. Ssip, and by parity of reasoning the present style of dress and general luxury might ex. cite the people to revolt. Noun acens change Stolut oela, tile present race of French Scourtiers will tell you, and for the sake of peace, and human happiness let us hope so. In London, the electioneering business for the past few weeks has absorbed every interest, and in consequence of the " woman suffrage " question, women have felt an un- usual interest in the business this time. The Liberals preponderate. Dr. 'I'ait, time Ilshnop of London, is to.bo the now Archbishop of Canterbury, and his promotion of course necessitates that of other clergy. The fema!o band'of musioians have ap peared at Vienna. The ladies are seven in numbor-under the direction of Josephine \Veintich. - This band, which is a perfect success, performs in a kind of musio hall on the plan of the London ones, situated in the Diana-bad euale. There may be also seen and heard, Herr Nathan, a violinist, who per forms wihh his toes, bbt it appears, this method is rather an uncertain one, and does not give universal satisfaction. The Viennese are placing women also as employees in the post-flico-only they must belong to the fiunilies of the male persons employed therein, which you'll own is fair enough. A most untoward fire has occurred in tile neighborhood of Drury-lano, within the last few (lays, on the premises of Messrs. Grieve and Telbin, the eminent scene painters, who were employed on the forthcoming Christmas scenery requisite for the panto mimes. Scenes for the Gaiety, a new theatre, the new Globe, and that for her Majesty's, which is rapidly approaching com ipletion, has all been reduced to ashes, and the work will have to be recommenced, and great difficulty twill doubtless be felt in getting ready for these theatres, so as not to delay the opening nights. There is indeed scarcely a theatrical establishment in London of any importance that does not employ the services of Messrs. Grieve and T'lbin, so that the loss exceeds even what I have named. For November, I may say in conclusion, we have had very fine weather. ADIRU. 