THE BAD LORD BRACKENBUKY. The Only Ghost-Stohy which is Tbue. bt oeohoe aeotjstoh bala. There it is— 'Tbe only ghost-story which is true I' A bold assertion ; but I am calmly confident, and throw down a gage of defiance, which may be promptly taken up not only by my ghost-story-telling colleagues in this mis cellany, bat by vast numbers of lady and gen tlemen gbost-seers all over the three kindoms and the British Colonies— to gay nothing of our Indian Empire and the United States of America. ' What's your cold to mine ?' sulkily objected tie Bnfferer from catarrh to bim who bad a bad attack of ' the snuffles.' There it is again. Everybody professes to neueve— ana pronably doet believe— implicitly in bis own particular ghost-story, in which he claims a kind of pri vately-personal property; but he usually re fusee to place any credence in the supernatural tale related by bis. neighbour ; nay, he not (in frequently denounces the opposition narrative at ' fudge. ' Most of us have some dark little isle of our own, peopled entirely with phantoms ; bat we scornfully decline to admit that the adjacent archipelago may be haunted. Our own ghosts are all-in-all to. us; but other people's ghosts are accounted as of no more mo ment than the wind sighing amongst the leaves, or whistling through the crannies of a ruined hovel I will swear to the truth of my own ghost-story to the extent of ten affidavits before ten Masters in Ohanoery — about the hardest ordeal of juration I can conceive, I will do battle with any man in defence of my own pri vate phantom, on foot or -on horseback, with (word, piiitolv battle-axe, or quarter-staff. Tbat the bad Lord Brackenbury saw a ghost I will maintain ia the face of all the materialists in Europe ; but don't talk tome about your ghosts of Admiral Hosier, and your apparitions of Jan. veai, auu yuur uiuuuusn VI itnwortn, and your White Ladien of Avenel, and your spectres of Cannock Chase, and your fetches of Colonel Despard, whose phantom, according to the turnkeys of Horsemonger-lane Jail, is visible every Monday night on the top of the gate where the gallows used to be erected on eiecution-dayij, with hia head under his left vm. I don't believe in these stories. I snap my fingers at such idle figments. Ton should be more reasonable, dear air, or ¥'Bdam ; yon should have stronger nerves and firmer muscle of mind than to listen for one 'moment to such ridiculous fancies. The abort stories extant are the merest rubbish. Bichard IlL never saw any shadows on the eve of Boeworth Reid. The tyrant was suffering from delirium tremens. The blood-boltered Banquo never appeared at Uacbeth's dinaer-Uble. The murderous Scot. Ltd merely eaten too much haggis, and had a smart touch of indigestion. Hamlet was no torionsly cracked. 71f. lie had teen iane*he: sever would have gone about eponting at an jnuginary personage in complete armour on the battlements atElsinore. The ghost of Julius Oawr never appeared to Lucius JnniusBrutoi. nr'J vbe J§hoat oCUb Goniwenee may. The. witch of Endor was a mere spirit-rapper, . who -~»-uM ua,o umi nvub «u sue veaumiii jwra wie Jfost of Minus no more apjreared to Semirarois «« flu - Uock-lane ghost did to Dr. Johnson. : yn of this chaos of imposture and mendacity, ' rtu consoling and refreshing to pick out ah In^ragaily-tni«ghoatBb»ry.-toy own, No. one but an idiot or a Saturday reviewer could ? question the existence of the phantom tbat was' ^bytheBadLordBrackea5u]ry.: ' - : He was called % common consent the Bad v«rt, not only by the common people, but by Pawns of his own degree, to distinguish him nom several peora, biB pre^eoassora, ; who nad Wntoilestosobrirjuelaa little Wre flattering, jae Brackenbniys were »7 very old famUy. Braque en Bern,' the name of the town «nd Prannce in Franoe from .Which' they *prnnfc J'™»PW as a surname by the founder of the Mgluh branch, who came over with the Con JWor, and W something to 4o with the royal '''MM, and who, prior to Hastings, had no. I — „ ''» apjieiuuiion man jean rerraii ''? *™u the presence of three hone ahoes ffiTwvH1'^ dueW. tt »»« b«n but: ™»ea that this iron jonn waa jn goj^ mKD11s^ wnneeted with the art of iarriery % 4jut two or ttree i hundred years later V&t; John Ferallor f1**™™'?'— for the Braokenburya were wonets before they -yere barons -iwunded IL'y.P^ly «nd aristocratically. Almost as PMiUy indeed as Talbot, of which the root is m«T?Liollt*er of opper-leataers forgentls-* »«Ssboot,j and Gni^nor, which is mani ™'y 9r°'xneur, the professional and cor JJJ^ huntsman to some inediajval pack of kvTKe- Bt^[ellJwuy» were raised to the peerage 2b?£! S,Wlai tt Tbey luA bee/clevlr «»onghjo keep their estates during Jhe Civil nZ,ti;f*i!'d«nieed! SirBalphBrackfiibory, sur ^ed «je Fox,'5 had been one of the lords of toXl^ fl0'meil 5 hxAla »** wealthy enough huXiSS? C'»«i« »ome money eoon after inrir cr w»& « baronial coronet accoid ffi'n '??»' ?«flWl 'tlw ' Handsome ' ^Brackenbury. He was, the best. dressed Wh«L /l^ coneo'*Bd muoh with^l^rd ado;i^?n!% Chariel1 Sedley, Mdlbught lad^ H^e Pwk '1th Majur GriveoiTwho CuS, °rf to M? that ^o Oocbess ofporte K^^WL &Traiiamm.;'e time there In? I?1', good' Lord Brackenbury, who alcW.1 t^?-A BiBboP Bomett. and founded tTZ^T* '* Potaey- TMs estimable per »», me of tUeeadiertaabscriberato theSociSy Pajfa J Pn)Paeat'on of the Gospel in Foreign ^n^^Bn^nbnry, snA wiib.-iii oon- ?SrSSfj 4 lno°nv«iient eoeeotricitiesas .jgjB- down jPaU Mall «t high «oon vritTont in oaJ T.'?0™*'' ?'* *i-^ » Jilted candle m oand, culminating in his essaying to frjmlii: .i |i|.e in the lltiuse of Lur.ls iWini; a ili-l.atcou tin -lull fur fitllinutlie sucoc-.~i,,h to tl.t- tl,r..iic, :m,\ t..kiii(: »fl l.is ijl- lnll.toj Wi,, an : liiirliLj: it at a, p-ntleiiijin-iif liur (if tlie M.-u-k iu.i.--war- n-i[.,.-ftn--d from ip.,i;tc snL-ieiy ai.il r.Tinf)ilc-ltOtbi-rnrc rif mii'xi'n'pbry ]»-- bm; k'riiiuii I .it a ' uiaf1 d..it,r,' »-h.., f,n ih.'tlifliiiL' Minem] i nf heven liundruil and tif iy |i muJs a year, unn\ r to'k to curt- the deme-ut-ii uilileuian bv tturv inj!, Ueating, g. gmnu, ..ucki..)-, lileedun; ami blistering him witb grtat liberality and strict punctuality. The Mad Lord Brackenbiiry died, as may be naturally inferred, without issue, and his title ami estates )ia-8i-d to lug broihcr, on whom 1 blueh to record ilicre was unanimously bestowed the epithet which I really cannot bring myself to transcribe literally. Let it suffice to' say that tbiB nickname was identical with that given to a notorious Queen of England who burnt almoft an many Protestants in Smithfield as her admirable sitter subsequently hauled and disembowelled Romanists at Tyburn. The ? well, the Sanguinary Lord Brackenbury was an officer in the navy. As a lieutenant he had advised an infinity of ingenious tortures for the men under bis &way;, and as a jrost cap tain }ia u-n- lialiattu/1 f/i liit'A AfimiiDt.nl ^l.~ proud boast ascribed to a commander of much later date— that he had just left on board his ship the happiest crew in Europe, for he had flogged one-naif of them, and they were bappy that the punishment was over, while the other half were delighted at having escaped, for that day at least, the gangway. As mutinies, how ever, were somewhat frequent in the ships com manded by Captain Brackenbury, the Lords of tbe Admiralty began at last to doubt the efficacy of a system of discipline which relied cliiitly for its maintenance on keel- hauling the defenders of their country, slingiog them in brtad-bags to tbe mizen truck, loading them with fetters, and scarifying them with the cat-o'-nint-taili ; so that on promoting this pearl of disciplinarians to the rank of rear-admiral, they reluctantly begged him to accept temporary retirement from active service. That is to say, Captain, now Admiral Brackenbury was placed ou bait pay ; an-l as the — well, the Sanguinary old ad miral — he continued for upwards of half a cen tury to be a source of great joy and content ment to the members of lie own family, to his servants and dependents, and to his neighbours in the county of Lancashire, where his broad an cestral acres were situated. He was on half pay in the last year of the reign of Queen Anne, and be did not die until some years after the accession of King George IL There is a statute of limitations, I suppose, as to the duration of tbe maxim De mortuis nil nisi oonum ; and a /Uanttirtr Diawinrr 4]la«u.aj1 sinna 4-Ua IiImmP. wuvu»j ua».*u£ Ki.a-£K9tA* DIUXB VUO £HUUJ1C»I D death, and the pompous inscription on his tombstone in Brackenbury Ferox cbnrch, having become by this time pretty well effaced, and finally, the BracUenbury peerage being now extinct, there will be no harm in hinting that a more unmitigated ruffian than the Ad miral never existed since perhaps tbe days ot Tiberius or Ivan the Terrible, He married a meek young lady out of Cheshire — a demure heiress with fair hair and blue eves. This poor wax-doll he permitted to bear him a numerous family of eons and daughters, and he then bullied her to death. Dr. Dosyford, the domestic chaplain, reminded her in her last illness that she was going to a better land ; to which the poor lady replied that she honed so, with all her heart. Dr. Dosyfrrd was not the only ec clesiastic attached to his lordship's family. Another clergyman resided at Brackenbury Castle to educate bis lordship's suns, five in number ; and if this gentleman is nut the iden tical Mr. Thwackum who was some time tutor to Masters Thomas Jones and BliSI, in the family of Squire Allworthy, be must certainly have been a near relation of tbat distinguished pedagogue. He scourged, under the paternal direction, bis unfortunate pupils unmercifully and well-nigh incessantly ; and it was the chief duty of two stout footmen in tbe house to hold the boys on their backs while they Buffered their torture. Aiw nhnrL-Rnminint in uiifi oanrae of discipline were supplemented by the Admiral himself, who, indeed, was quite impartial in dis tributing blpws from a hunting-whip or a bam boo cane among his entire family— sons, daugh ters, footmen and groomrj. As a country gentle man be was equally inflexible in tbe discharge of his duties. Woe betide thevagiaivt, theimacber, or tbe imprudent village maiden, who were brought before him. The stocks, the cage, and the whipping-post were Mb favourite specifics ; and it used popularly to be said that the Admiral could never relish his breakfast unless he bad previously signed some poor wretch's mittimus. Of course he was chairman of Quarter-Setsiona, and had been high sheriff, and entertained .the judges when they came on circuit to hang sheep stealers. When, in addition to the beauteous qualities already quoted, it is stated that Ad miral Lord Brackenbury swore fearfully, drank deeply, and had killed two or three gentlemen nf his own degree in duel, it may he owned that he was not altogether undeserving of the singular name bestowed on him. And yet, cunous to tell, be was by no means hated by the common people. He beat, bullied, .miffed, kicked and cursed them, but they never dreamed of resenting his ' tyranny. HiB lordship was a ruffian, but not ascbundreL He was a Btrictly moral man. He never, claimed, ' tbat tacit droil de seigneur ot the existence of. which there are so many hints in the comedies of the' eighteenth century. He preserved hugtune in the spirit of William HufuB, and would Tjave.hanged ,'» cot tager, if he could, for wiring a bare or springing a partridge; yet at Christmas and Easter he gave away vast quantities of game, and of beef besides, and blankets, and. brandy. The poor man who went up to Brackenbury Castle on business with toy lord knew 'very well tbat his lordship would .^wear at bim. ' It was far, like wise'fr«m being a remote contingency' that his lordship might break a cudgel over his shoulder or kick him down stairs. Still, the visitor was oatisfitd that whatever might be the episodes v( the interview it would not terminate without ?his lordship shouting out to Ids butler, 'Take tfiis rogue into the kitchen, and give iini a bellyful of victuals!' And many « time had a broken pate or s pair of grazed sbioBbecuoom iiensated by the juicy sirloins, and the crusty loaves, andtbetootheome cheese, and the stroug humming ale of bislordsiu'p'e buttery. Thus, when the Admiral _died (here were -really those, among the commonality who wept for him. ?? , I don't think his family pried niuph.' I.don't think his own, children, were sorry to know or to tear 'that the old brute was -departed. ? Has it not been wiBely , remarked— T forgot by whom ; — that the world, whliu denouncing v!nio»6tereuf ingratitude,' are sometimes led to expect ''mon sters of affection'? The Admiralfaaddonebis best to make his children hate him. Allliifl sons, eaye the eldest one— whom he would have disinherit-: ed if he could — bad been driven with blows and curses from home. One was in1 the -navy, and in training to be as great a tyrant as his father bad been before him. Another was in the army; and grenadiers forty years old and six , feet high shook in their pipe-clayed .smalls and gaiters, and turned pale under their sugar-loaf shakoes, wheu they met the eye of eavage little Captain Brackenbury. Another had maried a West Indian heiress, and was residing on a tine sugar estate in the West Indies ; where he led his tive hundred negroes a most delectable life. A fourth was at tbe bar, and gave promise uf rising thereat. I thiuk he became subsequently that Mr. Justice Brackenbury who was so de servedly celebrated as a hanging judge, and who was ou the eve of being made Lord Cuief Justice of the King's Bench, with the title of Lord Hempseed, whe he died of apoplexy after an evening sitting at the Old Bailey. As regards the honorable Misses Brackenbury, of whom there were three— all tall, Boman- nosed, con tralto-voiced damsels — they had been perhaps the best off among the Admiral's children ; fur, although brutally ill-treated in childhood, they had, as they grew up, asserted their rights of womanhood ; and it was long currently reported that there were only three people in tbe world of whom the — Well, the terrible old Admiral was afraid, and tbat the three persons in' question were the Honorable* Nitida, Frigida and flacnia Brackenbury. It remains only to notice the eld est son —Thomas Hugh Ferallor — the Bad Lord Braokenbnry. He was as comely to look U)wn as had been his great-grandfather, the ' Hand some Brackenbury.' I have seen his portrait as a child three or four years old, paiutcd by Hudsoo, Sir Joshua's master. To look upon the rosy little face, the Bwimming eyes of the violet blue, tbe glorious encirclement of golden '»w. tlit ii.(-uiili, yet iiniMUL-nt smile playing I al'uut tbe li),». no (.''vsiogmmiU, howv.-r ! ai-ntc, «oul!- w.re hu- i^iim-ant of tlie picture's j pidi-iv,— dre.-iin for ..m- mooiut tli.it this , aiip.-1-li'i.kircihilil van di-ptniiil to ].e i.i..- -I ? thr-«-»rfci iin-n of lii- .T-r- Tlin-p i« nmtlier p rtrait, to,., of tin: I-:i.l I.,.ul ISi-acUfiibmy, i taken in the 'birlhil.-iy' mit lie wore wl-en. on ? returning in his luenty-lrn-t vear [nm the gram] tour, he was preamitcd to King George II. H-i i-tili wi-.-ns bis own Lair, but the curls bavc been BlilTiMic-d with pomatum aud tbe barber's longs, and he ir frizzed anil pondered to the ' agony -jwint' of tbe modi: He is drespcu in a suit of sky-blue satin, en.b.oid.red with si vcr; his knee and shoe-buckles binge with diamonds; you can see tliat the Honourable Thomas Hugh Ferallor Brackenburj' has become a beau, a macaroni, a petit nioilre : yet there is i-till the same calm, innoctntloukiug face. Still are the violet blue eyes sweet and placid ; still is there an arch yet innoceDt smile on Ihe red lips. And once more, here is bis portrait, painted by Frank Hayman, Hogarth's friend. He iB in the uniform of an officer in the King's Life Guards. Hia hair is more strictly pomatumed and curled now, and it i8 clubbed behind into a Uamilies cylinder. The countenance is ju6t a Bhade sterner in expression, aud there is a faint sus picion of lines on tbe forehead and between the eyebrows ; yet the violtt-hlue orba still swim peacefully, and the old winning, artless smile Lovers on the lips. ] The boy was bad from his beginning. ' His papa r-marked of bim, once, that he could lie before he could speak, and thieve be fore he could walk. In the nursery he kicked the servants' shins, and fuught and bit and clawed his brothers and sisters. Tbe tutor and the stout footmen wearied themselves in carry ing out tbe stern behests of domestic justice in his regard. His father declared at last that birch and whipcord were wasted on him, and that he must leave his future currycombing to the masters of Eton BchooL To Eton he went, and went through the ordinary course of fagging, fighting and flogging. It was a strange thing about the lad tbat he was a wonderfully apt scholar, and in Latin composition excelled nearly all his ecliooltnatee ; but his scholarship neither gained him the ap plause of bis masters nor the esteem of his comrades. By both he was intensely dieliked. He was incorrigible, and it almost seemed in tuitively, froward and vicious. He was really and entirely wicked, thia hardened young deB perado of twelve, with a face and a figure like those of St. John in Murillo'a picture. He ran away four times from Eton ; once to join the gypsies, another time with a gang of poachers. 'He'll turn highwayman when he's old enough I' hiB father cried when tbe head-master of Eton wrote to beg that tbe lad might be re moved from the school; 'or he'll murder somebody and be hanged at Tyburn, like my Lord Ferrers.' He was brought home for a season to Brackenbury Castle, and the tutor and the stout footmen resumed their miniBtra tionB ; but on the stripping coolly declaring that the next time he was flogged, be would set tire to the castle, bis tierce old father even grew terrified, and packed him off to Lancaster, where he was consigned for two years to the care of a Mr. Dessalines, a French Huguenot clergyman. It was there, it is said, tbat young Brackenbury acquired that curiously copious Btore of theological learniug of which be after wards—notably in his correspondence with M. Arouet de Voltaire — made so unhappy a use. He became alBO remarkably proficient in tbe mathematics, and, from his intercourse with the family aud friends of the Pastor Dessalines, attained rare perfection in the French tongue. The Huguenot clergyman had a daughter, a very beautiful girl, named Honoree, who was nearly of the same age with the heir of Brackenbury. She took much kindly interest in the wicked youth, and for a time it seemed that he bad become, to a certain extent, touched and amended by her gentle sisterly counsels. But, alas I it was the old story, and ere be was eighteen years old Mr. Dessannes was fain to entreat that Admiral Lord Brackenbury would relieve bim from bis charge. ' I implore you, my lord,' he wrote, ' to remove from my house ce mdUiairewsjeutte liomme.' He was sent to Oxford -as a gentleman com moner, of course), and at tbe end of his second term was not precisely expelled the university, but was earnestly requested by the authorities to withdraw. -It was at college that be was first termed ' Devil Brackenbury,' an epithet which was subsequently merged into the politer, but as aignitioant, one of ' Bad.' Aud yet, during tbe short period he remained at Oxford, he had given promise of ihe most bril liant faculties of scholarship. 'If Satan needed a chaplain,' the head of the house re marked, 'young Mr. Brackenbury should be ordained forthwith. He had best go to Home and tarn Avvocato del Diavoio.' The young man did go to Borne, and to every other notable city on the European contineut, but on no professional business. He made the grand tour under the ostensible tutelage of a 'governor,' a lay gentleman, who had. for merly been a captain of horse, for it was tbe opinion of the admiral that clerical advice was whully thrown away on his eldest son. A very precious pair the 'governor' and his pnpU made'; and it was questionable,, when they re turned at the expiration of eighteen months' about Europe, which of the two had taught bis' companion the most wickedness. His education thus completed, tbe Honorable Hugh Brackenbury entered the King's .Life Guards as a cornet ; but be did not remain long in his Majesty's service. Tbe commander of the forces speedily entreated him to dispose :of his cominiiBion. -1. ' ' That young Pickle,' de clared Field- Marshal Galveston, 'has done things every day he has been in the troop for which he should be cashiered, and have his sword broken over his head. Had he served in Flanders, the Duke would certainly have hanged him. : He's only fit to fight the French in. tbe Plantations, at the head of a tribe ot mid Indians.' . . . : . Very soon after his retirement from the army, the old admiral with the uutranscribable nick name died. ' If it were in my power to cut off my eldest sou Hugh with a shilling,' he re marked to the family lawyer a few days before his death, 'I would do so willingly; as it is, I have left everything uf my personality away from him; but! grieve to think that tweuty tbuusand a-year of the finest landed property iu Lancashire must go to one of the vilest young rascals in England/' It was this young gentleman, so flatteringly described by his progenitor, who, at the age of twenty-seven, Buoceedeil to 'a coronet and to a magnificent estate. No catalogue of his vices is needed. It is sufficient to say that he was an intimate friend of Mr. John Wilkes and Mr. John Hall Stevenson, and that he had been one of the monks of ? that infamous abbey of Med tnenham, above whose portals were inscribed the line from Rabelais, ' Fail teqoe madras.' It may be noted, however, among ihe peculiari ties of thiB Bad Lord, that although his prodi gality seemed of the most reckless nature, be was an admirable man of business, aud never spent more than b*lf of bis revenue ; that, 'although he was a most determined and des perate gamester, 'and a constant attendant at horseraces, he scarcely ever lost a guinea ; aud that, although he was one of the most aban doned of profligates and the hardest of drinkers, bis face — the slightly stern expression which I noted in the last portrait exempted — failed to exhibit one trace of the stigma of vice, but con tinued, until the end of his wicked life, to be as beautiful in feature and as winning in ex pression as when he bad beeb drawn, a mere prattling infant, by. Mr. Hudson, Sir Joshua's master. Gifted, then, with almost every grace and accomplishment which became bis age and bis rank, witty and learned and urbane, a giver of great feasts, aud a frequenter of gay company, Lord Brackenbury might have been adduced by a stranger who knew nothing of Lord Brackeo bury's repute, as a, most favourable specimen of Britain's youog nobility— a pillar of the State, indeed, and with the fairest capital that sculp tor ever wrought to a column. And yet the very profligates aud rakehells with whom he associated ielt — and tftey were not squeamish ? somewhat uneasy while they basked in tbe sun shine of his cool, collected, brilliant wicked ness. It was a wicked age. Mr. John Wilkes was not a moral man. Medmenham Abbey was not an academy of virtue, and although a pious young king and his demure consort were doing tlreir liesl to nform tbe manners of the court, many --f the ini| unties of the reigns o{ tlie t»u iin-t Georues still clung to St. James's, (jeorge III., indeed, would Lave very much liked to linn sir tb- dis-,,|ule |,rer from Ins prrtence ; ?iu.Hjufi-11 Oiai lotto habitually *]»?!«? of him as -.bit 7.uhovkiny man ;' but bis lonlship »as wealthy and loyal, ami, Ins private fiknd^iip for Mr. Wi:ke? notwitlistandin^, was an ardent supporter of my L' rd Uute and the prerogatives of tbe crown. 'How can we quarrel with a man — 1 yrant Ljm a serundrel,' the politic h'entch enrl urgci- ' who has three boroujjis in bis p.,i'k-t, ;.nd who, at balf-an hour's notice, could raise a troop of horse or equip a frigate for his Majesty's service ? We needn't atk him to our tea-parties, but we must bp civil to bim ; inunt we not, your ladyship?' The «orst of it was, that her ladjsbip — I- don't mean Lady Bute, but ladyebipdom generally, although i't kuew all about Lord Brackeuburv's badne^, p'TBisteJ in asking him to its tea-parties, and was never more charmed than when the grace less puer wae bo gracefully bending over tbe tea-tray. The truth must out ; and the truth is that the Bad Lord Brackenbury was idolized by the women. They knew all about him ; they knew far better than did the members of hia own sex that bis aims were uniformly flagitious ; that he was as cruel as Amurath and as debauched as Charles, and tbat his heart was as hard as the nether millstone ; but did they banish him from society, did they turn their fair lounded Bhouldera upon him ? Was Lauzun banished from society ? Do you think that Don Juan Tenono was not admitted to the very best houses in Seville up to the very ui^M when the Commendatore came to supper with him* During the second eeiuson following my lord's accession to his title and estates, there was a great commotion in the fashionable world of London, owing to a report that the Bad Lord Brackeubury was about to be married. It was to a French clergyman's daughter, they said, named DcBsalines, at Lancaster. The old gentle man had formerly been his tutor. The ladies who were about that time weeping over tbe woe? of Clarissa Uarlowe opined, at first, that this rumoured denouement to Lord Bracken bury 's career was quite aBecting. But speedily drying their tears, a considerable portion of feminine and fashionable London began, with some beat, to express their opinion that a peer of tbe realm, and one of the wealthiest, hand somest, and most accomplished gentlemen in England might do better than marry tbe daughter of an old French Huguenot parson. 'Some low-bred intriguante T cried Lady Betty Balmayne, one of the great leaders of fashion, totBing her bead. 'Caught at last by a schoolgirl !' tittered MiBs Cyclops, the great Anglo-Dutch heiress, who, for all her enor mous wealth, had, in consequence of her one solitary eye and a slight protuberance be tween her shoulder-blades, found it somewhat difficult to obtain a husband to her mind. ' The man's mad,' quoth old Lady Oolibah— George l.'s Lady Oolibah— for whom Charles U.'e Duchess of Portsmouth had, in her ex treme old age, stood godmother, and who was supposed to be almost as wicked as Lord Brackeubury himself. ' The man's mad. In my day on e'amueail, el on Jaisait tine fin. Lord Brackenbury is too young by forty years, pour Jaire une fin.'' Her lady ship told by tbe card, bhe had made a good end of it by marrying tbe late Lord Ooli bah — an Irish peer — on his death-bed, and not wholly, it was whispered, with that exemplary nobleman's concurrence. While all these rumors were being tossed on lashionable tongues between Grosvenor and Bloomsbury squares, Lord Brackenbury went down to his castle in the north, and for a time seemed to have turned over a new leaf, while the leaf itself was of the most immaculate des cription, on which his lordship proposed to write only moral precepts in the fairest round hand. He was constantly at Lancaster, and a very frequent visitor at the houae of the Pastor Dessalines. To all appearance tbe reverend geutleman had entirely surmounted the repug nance be evinced towards bis former pupil. He often observed in conversation with biB acquain tances that it was never too late to mend, and that a married rake often made the best hus band. Altogether, it was shrewdly suspected that the good Huguenot minister, whose means were very limited, was not at all averse from the prospect of assuming the itositiun of father' in-law to a nobleman of great wealth aud de cided fashion. The return made by Miss Hiu oree Dessalines — now grown to.be a surprisingly beautiful young woman — to the numerous and siuoero congratulations of her female friends, was slightly more ambiguous. She blushed and sighed when the young peer's name was mentioned ; yet it waB obvious that she adored Lord Brackenbury. She was a romantic and sentimental young lady, and was fond of pic turing biB lordshf p as a bird — as an eagle with sweeping pinions, as a hawk with piercing eye. My lord's eyes were not piercing : they were as innocent-looking as a dove's. Poor little dove 1 The marriage, of which tbe possibility had been so busily bruited about between Grosveuor and Bluomsbury-squarea, never took place Lord Brackenbury had been for the best part of a year in the North, when Miss Honoree Dessa lines, stricken down by a sharp and sndden illness, died at Lancaster. Within three months her father, broken-hearted it is said, followed her to the grave. He was estranged from Lord Brackenbury before his death. But of what account was the passing away of a poor old Huguenot pastor and his daughter} Lord Brackenbury returned to London. His grand mansion in great Coram-street was once more opened to the polite world. He wore no mourn ing for the dead Honoree. Why should he ? He was no blood-relation to her. torn Fildair, of Kick's Chocolate-house in St. James's-street, aud who was known an the most inquisitive fellow in town, .once ventured to ask his lord ship whether he had ever intended to marry the French parson's daughter. ' So more than I ever intended to marry old Lady Oolibab, my dear Tom,' he replied with exquisite amenity. Tom had at least expected to be kicked, for asking the question. Old Lady 0 dibah grinned when she beard tbe story. 'The spark,' said she, 'turnB op bis nose at me becauEehe's rich. If he'd drank and gambled oil his money away — and how he hasu't, passes my compre hension — il eerait biai content de faire une fin with a lady of title and fashion, although Bhe was old enough t» be his grandmother.' Lady Oolibah's rank and fashion were indisputable. Touching her extraction, it was reported that she was tbe daughter of the old Duchess of Portsmouth's Washerwoman.-,, Miss Honoree Dessalines had been dead about a year wheu Lord Brackenbnry— takiug with bim as boon companion aud beuebmau that celebrated and fashionable, but impoverished Yorkshire baronet, Sir TancredTearacres, whom hu lordship, it was said, had helped materially to ruin at the games of tnacao and faro, together with Captain Brassgirdie of the Life Guards, and a numerous suite of cooks, grooms, and valets — started on a tour throngb Italy. He remained abroad six months. It is on record that he caroused for eleven consecutive hours with the Chevalier de St. George, otherwise known as the Young Pretender, at Borne— Cardinal AqnafortissimaandtbeBussian Prince Buozoff being of tbe party— and tbat at Badi cofani he met with the Beverend Mr. Laurence Sterne travelling on the Continent for tbe bene fit of his health, and bad a famous bout with that virtuous ecclesiastic. He visited M. de Voltaire also at bis chateau of Ferney ; and at Venice bis intimacy with the Cavalier Giacoroo Casanova enabled him to see some very edifying phases of life in the territories of the serene re public On the whole, bis lordBhip kept up his reputation as gallantly in foreign parts as be was accustomed to do in tbat native country of which he was so bright an ornament. It was at Geneva, returning from M. de Vol taire's chateau at Ferney, that a very strange adventure is said to have happened to Thomas Hugh Lord Brackenbury, sumamed the Bad. The details of the story were not known until some time afterwards, whe» Sir Tancred Tear acres, who expired of a complication of diseases, foremost among which «as brandy, at the baths of Spa, and Captain Brassgirdie, who diediu the Kules of the King's B^nch Pris .n, made a clean breast of what they knew of the matter. They were all sojourning — I will take Sir Tau cred' s statement — at the Thirteen Canton's Inn, Geneva. They had supped very generously, principally on partridges accommodated with trmH-s. ami a iviiMileiablc amount of IJi.rgiindv bad bteii consumed. Lord Hr.cUnlmry, a's lias been more than once- bintp.1, vns it vcrv | bard drinkf.r-..v.n for -a har.l-,liir,k:ii.. r. ?-.-'?. ! '?utit w:... ,..,:„:!., d ti-ano -r.i:.!.ty ol ^ ? .'k-n l.v ??. .,!...,.,.,. y ,„.. „...„ tl,.Ull,l tu . 1-avi' at tlii.. t, „.,.. ,,;? Mibsi'LjUcutly, any eil'.tt upon h:ni ; and that even in tl'CCase'.f the lau.ous rar..»s:,l :.i l:--a,e his l»r-!thii- only drank, wire, as th.- Youug Pretender, the C,r dmal. and II. -- «,,y,,,d got dnirk. On this particular oceaw. n bis Inrdehip, after takiny his share ,.f a number of flasks of Chnmbirtin and Clos \ uugeot, badt* bis companions pood-night, ad.ling thm-to, according to bis pleasant wont, tbe rider, tbat he dared say'OIdNick would have one of tho party before morning. The baronft and tbe captain remained for sometime after wards in the pitting-ri-njn drinking burnt brandy \- a beverage taken from prudential reasons to counttract the coldness of the stomach caurjed by drinking French wines ; it ib true tbat thiir Burgundy bad been of the strongest— and sm»k iDg tobacco, a practice to which his lordship had ever professed a profound distaste, and would never suffer to be indulged in his presence. The trio met next morning at break fast, and then Sir Taiicrfd observed that his lordebip'B countenance showed some siens of disturbance and agitation. From this he was led to infer that tbe coble peer bad passed a bad night ; to which Captain Brassgirdie added the conjecture that for once in his life his lord ship had been hit hard by t'other bottle. Ab a corrective, the captain recommended a nip of Btrong waters, and Lord Brackenbury, after draining a tumbler half-full of brandy, addres sed hinjEelf in this nisi— I am quoting Sir lancred — to his companions : ? ' The strangest thing lias hnppened to me, gentlemen,— the oddest, the wildest, the most camical adventure imaginable. After leaving you last night I sat d«wu as usual by my heil side to read a book. 'Twae ie« Peiulcs de Pas cal, 1 think. The night was, you will remem -er — it was Bummer-time- 'exceedingly hot. I roBe to open the window, and bringing my taper thither, plaoed it on the sill, and contin ued reading. The flame began to dicker very much, which amazed me Bumewhat, as there was not a breath of wind stirring. Anon I heard something as of the fluttering of wings, aDd raising my eyes from the page I saw— I assure you candidly on my honour as a noble man, that I saw— a— a—' ' A ghost !' exclaimed the baronet and the captain in a breath, and well nigh breath lessly, 'Well, if 'twere a ghost, 'twas tbe ghost of a Bird. I saw plainly and distinctly on the sill of the opening casement a White Dove.' ' Was that all V ' 'No,' my lord went on, after a pause ; ' the bird had a voice, and tie voice of a woman j and I heard, as clearly and distinctly as in my heart I am bearing them now, these words : ? ' In a year and a day from this time, and at twelve of the clock at night, you will Die ; and after Death the Judgment.' ' The baronet and the captain gazed upon the face of Lord Brackenbnry as he repeated this fearful prediction. They were both bold, bad men ; but tbeir cheeks were blanched, and their hearts shook within them as he spoke. But my lord merely passed his hand over hU forehead and resumed : — 'Nightmare, of course : a waking dream: indigestion from truffles, and so forth. Con Bcience, if you will, breaking out of the Little East in Newgate, where I have kept the rogue ?louble-ironed this many a year. Egad ! we'll hang him at Tyburn for good and all.— Some brandy there,' he called, without any tone of bravado, to his valet; 'and we'll drink the White Dove's health.' The two henchmen at his bidding stood up, and made as though to chink tbeir glasses with hie, and pledge him ; but Sir Tancred Tear acres spilt half his brandy over the tablecloth, and Captain Brassgirdie flung his bumper on the floor, and swore a great oath that he meant no disrespect to my lord, but be could not drink the gbosVs health. 'I have drunk it, you great simpleton 1' said Lord Brackenbury quite cheerfully. He had drained the glass and spilt not a drop. ?? If anyone bad cause to be frightened, 'twas L It was the French girl's voice I heard, of course.' Both Tearacres and Brassgirdie, hia most in timate associates, confidante, and accomplices, knew perfectly well that which others only vaguely suspected and darkly whispered, — that Lord Urackenbury , under fabe promises of mar riage, ha~l seduced Honoree Dessalines; tbat she had died in giving birth to a dead child ; and tbat her father had died of grief, cursing in his last moments the betrayer of his daughter. Lord Brackenbury went back to England, and there were grander entertainments and gayer doings that ever in Great Coram street. But from the date of that midnight adventure at Geneva, the young nobleman's health sensibly decliued. His spirits were as calmly buoyant as ever ; but physically he was no longer the some Lord Brackenbury. His frame shrunk, his eyes became dim, his cheeks fell into hol lows, hie complexion grew cadaverous, his voice faded away to a guttural whisper. It was openly reported that Lord Brackenbury wu dying. Lady Betty Balmayne said that it was a pity ; Mias Cyclops, the Anglo-Dutch heiress, unmarried, muttered that it served him right ; old Lady Oolibab remarked to the maid that took off her ladyship's false hair, bust, hips, and heels every night, that now was tbe time for Brackenbury, de/aireunefin, to make a decent end of it by marrying a lady of mature age, but of undoubted rank and fashion. . And Lord Brackenbury's health grew feebler, bnt the gaiety of his spirita abated not one jot. He seemed to become wickeder as he grew worse. He could not leave the house- now; but the mansion iu Great Coram street was peopled by a motley horde of his parasites and quondam icllow roisterers. Foremost among these were of course Sir Taucred Tearacres and Captain Brassgirdle ; but thither also came tbe noted gamester from France, the Marquis de la Pourriture, the great friend of Ferdinand Count Fathom ; thither came Squire Cockburn of Maiuby ; and Jack Diver, the horse-jockey, from Newmarket. These, with Captain Stabb, who killed the German baron on the Pantiles at Tunbridge Wells, in tbat matter of Kitty Webb toes ; and Lord Uncannyford, a Scots noble man ; and red Russet, tbe player from tbe theatre ia Drury lane, composed a very pretty party indeed to sit round die deathbed of a peer of the realm. For everyone was agreed that my lord's sickness was mortal — tbat it was a long lane that had no turning, and that the turning of Ibis coble lane was Deadman's Corner. The Rev. Dr. Dosyford left his cards and his compliments in Great Coram ttreet ; but Lord Bracken bur v sent out word that Iir might go hang — a message delivered in a modi fied form to tbe ecclesiastic by one of his lord ship's varlets in livery. Upon which Or. Dosy ford (who had now gotten a very snug living near Kdgware, the gift of his lordship, who bore him no malice whatever for any dispute they may have had when he, my lord, was in his nonage) went home aDd laid down the heads of that famous sermon which he subsequently preached with such brilliant success before the Lord Mayor and Alderman at the church of St. Laurence Grillbars, East cheap, and with the text, 'Flee from Babylon.' Meanwhile, Lord Brackenbury was growing worse, hourly. His appetite was quite gone, but his thirst was still iusatiable ; and there were as many flasks of burgundy and cham pagne and brandy by his bedside as there were physic phials. The doctors essayed to prevent this interference with their treatment ; but Lord Brackenbury bade them go hang, as be had bid den Dr. Dosyford ; so they pocketed their fees (paid to them every day at noon by my lord's steward), sucked tbe golden knobs of their bamboo canes, shook their heads till a farina ceous halo surrounded tbeir wigs, and opined that it was a very sad case iudeed. The sick man refused to be bled, he refused to be blis tered, and he would do nothing but grow worse. The roses had fled from his cheeks now ; his face was a ghastly yellow white, and his lips were livid. ' Taucred,' he siiA to the baronet at noon one day, '1 shall die to-morrow night at twelve.' 6 'NonBense.' ' I tell you I shall die. The year and the day will expire at midnight. The ghost will keep her word.' a/'Hang the ghost!' oriad SirTiaored. 'With all my heart'— r,™ heart !-returned Lor. B ackenbury : ' hut the cho£t will lay me by the heels, au.1^ after tbat -give me a bum lic ??=«' ? -'l' !ief..rc-tl.p wine could be given hnu. Br..n..y vva* poured down his throat, and leather? v. rv burnt under his nose, he revived fch.-rtly, ai..i i-allcd for cards. Tbert w. re ibosc of his kin in town, but they had been .inveu from his door. ' ' He will die as be lias lived,' bis elde«t sister ta:d to Dr. Dotyford, 'surrounded by bullies and game 6ters ar.d duellists and profligates,' The heir to his title and estates thought that he was an unconscionable time dying. He lay half -unconscious until twenty minutes before Dine o'clock that night, when he seemed to mend somewhat, and even remarked to hi» valet^a Frenchman, ' Qu'il avail diablement faim. The man brought bim refreshment*, and he ate tbe wingnf a chicken and drank a glass of Madeira. There was a suiierb clock on a marble console opposite hie bed, and on the Lands of this clock, whenever he awoke he had Sued bis eyes. But while he was eating the ncken, Sir Tancred Tearacres had slipped into the room, and under pretence of arranging a curtain of the bed, moved the hands o! the clock forward precisely one hour. ' What is the time ?' asked Lord Bracken bury, when he had finished bis class of Madeira. !' J*8 ten Preci8ely.' Sir Tancred answered. Brackenbury, ' and in two hours all will be His boon companions were gathered, by his desire, in the next room, and were there con versing and playing cards. From time to time Sir Taucred Tearacres softly entered the bed chamber, and, returning, would report that my lord seemed dozing. But at the eud of an hour they heard him gasp out ' Eleven o'clock !' The French valet was watching by his pillow ; but since that morning his lordship had refused to admit any of the doctors to his presence. Ruffianly aud profligate as was tbe greater jart of the company in tbe adjoining saloon, they were hushed and awed by the neighbour hood of that wicked man in the bed. None of them knew what Sir Tancred Tearacres had done. The valet only was in the Becret of hu moving the hands of the clock. So for another the cards lay untouched, and nor song nor jest jest was heard. The men continued to drink deeply and silently, looking at one another, and waiting for midnight Twelve struck at last from the clock on the marble console. No one stirred. After s minute or two Sir Tancred Tearacres rose, and was entering the bed-chamber, when be was met on the threshold by Lord Brackenbury uiaiseu, woo naa risen ana donned a ncn dressing-gown of flowered brocade. He staggered into the room, flung away his nightcap of embroidered silk, brought down his clenched hand on the table with a force tbat made the glasses ring, and in his own devilme care voice cried : 'By Jove, I've jockeyed the ghost! It's five minutes past twelve. The ghost is laid in the Bed Sea, and we'll make a night of it!' A night was made of it A mighty bowl of punch was brewed by my lord'« valet. Lord Brackenbnry was never so gay, so brilliant, so witty, and so wicked as during the fifty-five minutes which followed hie declaration of having jockeyed the ghost Bat, just as the French clock, on jthe marble console in the bed-chamber struck the hour of one, the young nobleman,- who was standing up, glass in hand, drinking some wicked toast, ut tered one piercing and appalling shriek — a shriek that rang in the ears of those present for years afterwards. He reeled forward a few paces j the glass fell from bis hand and was shattered, and the Bad Lord Brackenbury fell over on his face on the carpet, dead. Sir Tancred Tearacres looked at his watch. ' The ghost has kept faith,' he muttered. He opened the window, and heard the docks of half-a-dozen churches chiming the stroke of twelve. ? ' 