| NOTES AND NEWS. ' , We are informed , „ ,, that Mr , M'Laohlan, the polici Ł , , magistrate of Sandhurst, t. abont to leave that place, j tatoU* a. 6 ^ ^ on ^ BUbjecl of ., Qho>u Md Spirtij The , abla Bnd i^n^d lecturer's belief seeme-1 to be thit ,«.ghosts" era a reality! : The River Darling correspondent of the Pattoral : Times writes :—" Sheep here are nearly ell at lirge, \- to the eatire mercy of the native dogs. Shepherds : not to be had, even at £1 5a a week j The mailman, on Wednesday last, found the ; bridge over the Four mile Creek, on th- Sale and : Albert road, on fire. A bush fir- had sat the ! hridg B mfi.m«. The mailman endeav^d to exi a ' h,d ™ m » M at . c ° mnmDd , o£ ' o >t<imne water. Be asked the assistanoe of a b reon ^siding dose by the spot, who curtly re- ; . ani leaving the so bridge the mailman to its fate proceeded on his way, Some of our reader* will remember Father Forde, who, some two er three years ago, travelled through Victoria, cdleciing fmnds for the ertetion of a churcb at Bsllvcughan, in Ireland With' the fruita of his visit, and aid he received at home, Ihe rev gentleman haa accomplished his purpose: Stortly before the last mail left, berecsived a fa-11 for the church from Lord AnnaUy Some soldiers of tbe 18 h Regiment who were coming from Sydnsy to ICelb urne in the eteamer Hero not into the hold while the vessel was preparing to draw sling side the pier on Thursday evening, and getting posseseion of a quantity of beer in bottle, gave considerable troable before they oould be secured They were eventually handcuffed and taken to the Victoria Barracks The Governor of Tasmaku. on Bixlasat —The arrival and proceedings of the Governor of Tasmania, with Mrs Da Cane and Mr Chichester, are announced in Saturday's Battarat Siar:—" The distinguished visitors arrived at Ballarat on Thursday morning, and took up their quarters at Craig's hotel. Acenmpanied by Mr Warden Sherard they pud a visit to tbe Friuce of Wales mine, Sevastopol, where they were received by Mr Dempster (director), Mr Tatham (manager) and Mr F Dimes (mining manager). The whole party resolved to go underground, and accordingly a descent was made at the No 3 shaft, Mrs Du Caue having availed herself of the kindly proffered assistance of Mrs Tatham to make some preparation for protection against the moisture and dirt necessarily come in contact with below. In the Princess of Wales mine a visiter can see both alluvial and quartz mining, and the visitors were greatly astonished and oleased with all they witnessed, both underground and in the pnddling and crushing houses. iSome alluvial gold was feud in the washdirt, and handsome specimens of auriferous quarts, recently taken out. were exhibited; and presents of alluvial and quartz gold were accepted as souvenirs of tbe visit. His Excellency was highly Interested in the mining operations, and remarked that it was worth while travelling 16,000 miles to see bo great a wonder as the mine was. He acknowledged the cour?. tesy of the officials of the company, who explained all the processes of raising wahdirt and quartz and extracting the gold. A two hours* exploration underground caused all to feel so tińd that other visits were not paid, and a return to Melbourne was made by the evening train. 