UNDER THE VERANDAH. ? ? »$_ ? New South Wales is checkmating Vioto with her knights. How is it that these com pliments are lavished upon the sister colony whilst we ore left out in the cold? It can scarcely be in commemmoration of the painful event &l; Clontarf. In the telegrams there is an inkling of the reason. Sir John Young recommended his once Colonial Secretary and others for honorary distinction, and Sir H. Manners Sulton doesn't. Some people who eavesdj op about Toorak do say that his Ex cellency has a policy of his own — one outside and independent of his formal addresses on the opening of Parliament. Thpy say that the Governor has a mission, and that tbat mission is to keep down and snub responsible Minis ters as much as he can. A curious fatality seems to overhang every thing connected with the great Sandhurst rail way contract. Death has dogged the steps of the first contractors and their immediate rela tions. The law has nover been Idle in aid-- of or against them. Every step has b 9 en over a vast bill of costs. The estates have had : to find their way through such legal intricacies as only lawyers could devise. Now, after the lapse of many yeara, a leading official in the emp'oyment of the Government of Victoria is sued by the heiis of one of the contractors fora share of the proceeds of a jointly held station in New Z-ja'and, sold by the former, and of which the price was received by him. Aa unpleasant aspect of the case is that the de fendant in the action was actually the duly appointed executor of the deceased partner. It doesn't do for people to hold these dupli« cate fiduciary positions where friendship aad! selfishness have any chance of pulling a mam opposite ways. Tfa&evidence; in the case is not of an edifying kind, and there is more to comf , more than will ever, perhaps, see daylight. What has become of that money ? Until the other day, the ordinary run of humanity didn't know that it was in the custody of the. hon. T. Howard Fellows. But humanity isn't yet satisfied. Human nature. is inquisitive It wants to know, you know. It won't be pub off or put down. It will have an answer. If the hon. Mr Fellows hasn't begun to buM these schools, he had better make a commence ment. I don't myself suppose that the pon derously humorous Thomas has converted the proceeds of that successful entertainment :to his own individual use. I believe that upon the whole he would be more ready to give than to take, and yet Mr Fellows makes a great mis take if he thinks he can ignore the right of every attendant at that concert to know what became of the net proceeds. Under the Verandah, they imagine that a misrepresenta tion on a prospectus releases a share applicant from any consequence of his application. Now, if people paid 53 each for admission to the Prahran Town Hall, upon the expressly adver tised understanding that the profit of the occasion waB to be applied to a specific pur pose, and if that purpose is either left in abeyance or omitted altogether, havn't the contributors a dry legal right to get their money back ? Mr Fellows is believed to be a good chamber counsel — will hf, for this once only, furnish a gratuitous opinion ? I venture the opinion that the honorable and amusiDg member for the Esplanade drew upon himself the other evening a not altogether un provoked retort from another honorable mem ber of the Leg:slative Assembly. Those who play at bowls must expect rubbers, lhe same evening one of the gentlemen went in raptures over a leading article in a Melbourae daily paper; said article bearing a strong family reBemblanco to tbe style and matter of the hon. member himself. A Ballarat paper of which the same hon. and literary member has been avowedly long connected, is unsparing iu ita admiration of the same production. The country journal lays it on ?' thick and slab.' Following this the member cf Parliament is made the topic ef another laudatory article in the same metropolitan paper. Now, I make no 'random assertions, but I merely suggest that it would be a singular coincidence if the appreciative member of Parliament, the trenchant article writer, and the apprecia tive Ballarat editor were one and the same person. I don't want him to say so, and really mean him a kindness. When men do the claqeur business for themselves they should affect some little disguise of style. Otherwise the thing loses some of its force. When Spangles, the actor, gets hold of the critic's pen , he is careful not to beslaver Spangles in the lan guage of the stage or the slang of the coulisses. With astounding magnanimity, the governor of a now well known institution has bo far over come his personal feelings as to consent to bis liege subjects having their own way with their Dwn property — to a limited extent. Now, if it had not been that deposition was imminent, would tbe banking Bomba have given way? Ib he a man to give way unless he can't help himself? Wasn't the Neapolitan Bomba superseded even after he was willing to yield everything he re fused before ? May not the parallel hold good ? What sort of cabinet ministers can Bomba have when they are driven to confession of their own improprieties and irregularities beforo Buoh are a month old ? Wo all know or have a shrewd suspicion, that a little manipu lation of the electoral urns helped one Louis Bonaparte to the Presidency of the French republic Wasn't something of the same sort done with certain ballet-papora thus : — ' Mr Blank, of the bank presents his csmpliments to Mrs ? . Will she kindly sign and return the enclosed ?' Madame being a confiding per aon, dees sign and return ' the enclosed' with out the romoteut idefi that she has been exor 8 — ? 1 ing the glor:on» privilege of the suffrage ; I onsoliclaling the thrane of Bomba. And this j 8 free and independent 'voting ? | . Stohn, strayed, lost or mislaid, the ghost of a Treasury deficiency — the ran of the Police RewardFund — a mythical falling off in shipping j — a depreciation of government securities — a [ contraction ol the trade of the colony — the shocking example of a protective policy — the expected diminution of bank deposits — the fi nancial sagapity of a first clasB accountant — and several minor items of equal importance. Hints as to the whereabouts of any of tho above named will be thankfully received and ap propriately acknowledged by the ex-Secretary of the Free Trade League at their late offices, or by the former editor of the Melbourne Spectator. We get wonderfully used to novel and ua :, - accustomed circumstances. Even princes begin to ' come natural' and cease to excito any of ub much — with a single eminent and eccentiic exception. I believe that business has been oingon, dinners eaten, pool played, just as if no Queen's soa were knooking about Collii;s reet. Nothing short of a visit from that best i Englishwomen and mother of princes wonld once more evoke the enthusiasm of fifteen months back. I want to know if the assumed influence of : a certain banking Catholic magnate is power ?;? ful enough to attract the banking account of ' tbe Bishop of his owu church ? And if not, Vrhy ' not 'I I am curious about barristers' : trigs. Do they prevent hoad-ache ? Are they intended to be a protection againBt flies peram bulating upon depilated scalps ? or are they — and this seems to me the true solution — de- signed to make barristers' heads look big in order to lead up to the implication that there ? must be a good deal inBide such spacious premises ? Unfortunately, when the door is Opened, casual people about fancy that some of these portentous looking premises (like a «ertain Collins -street doctor's, with a plethora of window blinds) have unfurnished apast nienis inside. I want to know if there isn't, some mistake about Molly ? She doesn't seem to- be reclaimed. She hangs on hand. I wonder if her foster parent will have to miun ? tain her in raw beef and ribbons for the re \- anainder, of her eventful existence. \ Has anybody discovered the process of : natural selection by which Melbourne mayors arc chosen ? I don't mean to eay that we get hold of untit chief magistrates, but as a foasis for investigation for persons of inquiring minds it is worth noting that in four years we have had four, mayors, each eighteen bauds jbigh, and each, of them up to fourteen stone : at least. It may be a mere coincidence, but ' . J[ want to know what is to be done when the : Corporation has exhausted all the six-foot councillors. .&GLES.; 