HOBGOBLINS. TO THE EDITOR Otf THE AGE. Bitt, — I am truly awestruck at wiiat happened ia Parliament on Thursday last. There van -a ghocf, in tha House, distinctly seen and lteu.nl by a number of pereosa. Began wsa there 1 ! ft does not appear from any of the reports which have b9en published of this remirkablo occurrence, tbat anybody spike to him; but several members saw bim, and screamed, and tha reporters also saw him and screamed — in the pipers next morn ing. Yet I hereby solemnly affirm and I am reaoy to d«lnre before a jastico of the peace, according to statute, that he whom evil doers call Bogus, but who is knora amongsi truo men as Mr William Clarke, was net pro sent in tho flash in or near the Legislative Assombly Caamhor on Tunrsday aforesaid, utib wag i.uuu, i.u uiy inn iinowionge, nbont a hundred milaa away from Mcl bourno. How then can wa account for what took place, unleis wa admit a oupernataral interposition on that particular night, when tbo Cbiif, whose presenoo ie Parliament has so long overawed the small tpiritB of the obstruc tionist party, was at last out of the way, laid low on a bod of eicknese, and abont to bo stabbed in his bod ? It was an exceptional chance, an opportunity not to let Blip, and even a Farrell felt conrage under the circumstances to bit tbe giant on his nosa. It was feared that if tbo great M'Culloob. wero allowed to gtt hie boora on, and snatch np his sword, tho courage ot tho conspirators might fail them, and they might not feel equal to the deed. Now, therefore, wa3 tho time. ' The Downfall of WallenBtein ' wa3 about to bo enacted, when just at tbe critical moment, np starts Bogus and stands before them aa largo na life. No, not Bogus — it must have been Bogns his ' Spook.' Oae honorablo member siid ho saw him leaning against a mantelpiecu with a cigar in bis mouth threo feet long. Anothor, at tho very instant when about to ruih into the Chambor and plunge his dagger into tbo heart of hia Chief, felt a hand on his shoulder and heard in his ear the word ' Beware.' Racagnising tho voice of Bogus, ha ilod in despair. All agree that tbo spectra waa present in tho Speaker's gallery during tho debate, and it is said that many persons who lookod at him turned deadly palo, and trembled. I enolose my card, and will bo ready at any time to come forward nnd prove tho truth of my statement. Yonrs, Six., TRUE BLUE. 