TUB PAST SESSION. Tbo Se.a|on— a Seulon which (m tho Courier truly affirms) " msv woll bo callod a nossion of much promise, and small performance "—is at 5/ ?060(l by its clover dux, tho "J ®P0,joncX Ministry " has managed to osonpo the Scylla and Charybdle of tho now Gaaomotor, and may now rest and bo thankful. Tho chnmo- ivvu-iixo xiiiiey, ino porcupinal lay lor,' tho soreno Maofllistor, tho affnblo Arthur (of the " squsro" - tnblo), and tlmt moflt equable of human beings, tho Colonial Treasurer, may at length rotire, for a aosson, into Lotos-lnnd. "Our rovols now aro ondod " (thoy may exclaim); tho parllnmont din. solved; and, like that " unsubntantiul pagoant -fadodrleft-nofc a rail behind." That 1h, to most, tho ono sorb thing of tho Session. Had but tho LUloy Ministry conceded— or endoavorod to con- coi\q—lhat boon, tho colony would havo boon eatlafiod ; and, knowing that " the bost of men have ever loved reposo," tho Ministry might havo retired gracefully and with applauso in " Iho land of drowsy head " for Iho noxt six months. But they have not'dnno'so-rnnJ it is to bo fuarod that they may erontually find to their sorrow that temporising is a fatal gama to politicians. It la singular that tbo throwing oat (by tho Council) of tho Station Wages Bill should occur to my mind in connection with tho timidity of the Promier with respect to Introducing a bill for tbo completion of our principal lino of railway. Ipswich influence might, ami would, hnvo beon against suob a bill in tho Assembly.; but there is, unhappily, another and a far stronger influonce, in both Housob, against anything that would tond to break down a (to Queensland) most J;rievous and unnatural, moropoly — viz., Sydney nfluecce, — Both-Housee- of-our-Legislaturc-aro- notoriously filled with tho agonts of those Sydney capitalists who have lent from four to six millions sterling on tbe stations of this colony, and who, moreover, in almost: overy instance, aro share holders also in ths A.8.N. Company. In tbo Assembly and Council aro many wuo must up hold Ibe interest of that inexorable old Shark— Flfteeo-per-Cent. ! If tbey did not, be would soon be down upon them. It mmt be in the recollection of many that tho manager of a.oor- taio bank in Brisbane (branch of the ooe in Sydney) threatened to call in the mortgage of anv man who voted contrary to bis autocratio will, Until Queensland gets rid of these— her leeches— no substantial prosperity wilt ever be to hor— no independence or integrity In her Senate. Tbe proposition mado some time ago by a writer in tno Courier — for Queensland to borrow the money In order to free herself of these Sydney eharks — was a sound aod highly dcsirablo one. Once pay them off, and Queensland would soon have her own fleet of steamers, freighted from her own stores, aud lodon with her own wool. Every ship leaving our port would then bo froignlod with the wool belonging to Queensland, instead of (as at present) Sydney. If our large stntion-holdors must borrow money, it were far better that they should be indebted.to the London, than tcr the" Sydney 'capitalists. There is not the slightest doubt that It was the fear of these Sydney scents (alias agonts of the A.S.N. Co.) in our so-called representative Houbo, that was tho main cause of tbo Brisbano end Ipswloh railway question being ebirbod by the Premier and bis colleagues. But thd people of this colony are more tbau ever determined thst tbe missing link Bbsll be completed fand the next Session will prove that the numbers who signed the several portions in favor of that ratlwAy-are- thoronghly ia earnest in their determination to obtain It. _ A word or two anent Mr. Miles'Btation Wages Bill- The WAnt of such a bill is oot to be ques tioned. Many an unfortunate man, after working bard and faithfully on a station for six or twelve months, has been defrauded of bis wages. When a man engages to work for a torn) on a station, bo knows not but tbe station belongs to the roan who hires him. He cannot look, as the mer chant can, into a book which contains a list of businesses ovor which there is a bill of sale. Station bands, as a rule, are tho simplest men in tbe land with regard to a knowledge of money- matters. They kuow nothing of the (ricks or evasions of trade; and believe sincerely that, hoviog performed thoir six or twelve months', con tract on a station, tbey shall bo honestly paid for. thoir services. Tho mon who lend money on stations know woll that it 1b to tho shepherd who tends a flock, or the stockman a herd, they must look for tho payment of their interest ; and they know porfeotly well tbo oircumetenccs of each individual mortgagor, or agent of an encum bered station. Frequently the latter are proud but penniless men, who, for the sake of living at all, will proccod, as nominal proprietors, to some desolate station in tho interior, in order to super vise it, and send down the wool to tho bank or broker employing thorn. So long as the staple fotchoB its price, all woll and good— end, as a rule, tho cheques are duly hoaored ; but let (as lately) the reverse be tbe case, and the unfortunate Bh.oiH. "hordraftor a yoar's anxiety (day and night) ro- oolvcs a pleco of printed pnper which, on buing presented, is declared to be worthless 1 Next to granting encouragement to cotton and woollen manufacturers, the most important men- sure passed during tho Session is tho Immigra. .tion Bill. What should havo been the main feature of tho bill has, however, been altogether lost sight of— viz., that of attaching to it tho right to lease sufficient land for the purposo of grazlog on o 'small— and, as will shortly bo found, most profitable— scale. Gentlemen used to offices have very contracted notions of laud-scttloroont Forty-acre immigrants will bo of no servico what ever to tho colony ; and to bring men out with the notion that they can flourish oo such an area is simply to delude them. No one knows this bolter than Mr. Taylor, who became rich from renting— at almost noxt to nothing — largo aroaB of-country for grazing. With respect to tbo ap pointment of Mr. Douglas as Emigration Agent, there can be but ono objection raised to such ap pointment. It is this :— Mr. Douglas has, more than once, expressed a desire (the most fatal one for Queensland that can possibly bo expressed) to keep the agriculturist distinct from the grazier, or woohgrpwer. Let film at once and- for over divest himself of this poroicious class-notion, and there is not, in all Queensland, a more suit able porson than himself to represent her. Ho is eloquent, porsuasivo, full-hoarted, and is imbued, it may woll bo beliovod, with a desire to be of real benefit to a colony in whose destiny ho has full faith. Let him, when lecturing in tho old laud, boar In mind continually the advice given by old Sol to Pliaoton— In medio tutissimus ibis ; —in othor words, let him say, that what will succeed in Queensland will bo— not smell farm ing, nor onormoua squatting, but a " middlo-way" of settlement, combining pastoral with agricul tural farming; and then ho will bo sure to bring out a proper class, imbuod with correct agrarian notions. There is no country in tho world whore tho union of tho two occupations would bo attondod with more beautiful and gratifying to-- "BTiltT"Uinri In Oifaonaland. 8\. G. MEB. Tho oxport trade in moat (says tho Pastoral Times of the 4th instant) is creeping on, but as yot wo havo- no reliablo returns os Jo_tho quan- tity sont away, the industry being completely in its infanoy.-Las yet.: Ab noticed in ono of our formor stock nrtiolos, tho northern distrlots. . of - Queensland are most likely to oxport beof largely, as prime beof In our southorn markets generally avorngos 25s por 100 lbs., and sometimes as high as 30d, or ovon 35s "por_100"lb8.th"orebyleavfng for tho prosout no margin for profitublo speculations in, export trade. Tbo nowB by tho English mail in rospoot to pre- sorvod meats le still chooring,. and probably, sheep. owners will now consider whether they ought not to breed for carcass and wool com bined. Constdernblo progress is thus madc-p- tbo meat, export trado from Australia. Sydney hopes soon to havo Us Meat Exporting Company as In Melbourne; tho lattor Is now, with Us limited resources, doing much to relievo the markets of Victoria, now ovor-supplicd with fat sheep from Kiverina, whioh is sending down nearly 30,000 fat sheep weekly, or about equal to. tbo quantity required for Melbourne, Ballarat, and Sandhurst. Comfobth von the Dead.— Wo are informed by the Inglowood Advertiser that on Sunday a singular ceremony was perform nt Wcdderburn in tho Chineso burial ground. According to a state ment of a Chinaman who lives some twouty miles from Inglewood, ono night last week ho was visited by tho spirit of a countryman, who -has- been for somo tlnoo gouo to tho " flowery land/' and informed tlmt theeald spirit felt tho effects of-tbo lato frostB in his dampgravo very much, and that he needed several "creature comforts." John immediately oatno Into town, purchased anew suit of clothes, not forgetting oveu a substantial flannel. Thcso he took to tho gravo of the cold ghost, stretched them out nicely on it, and them set them on fire. Ho aftorwards poured tho contents of a bottle of Iicnnessy'e best " battle-axe" over It, placed sumo pipe lights and a post at each corner of tho crave, to each of which was tied a letter addressed to the " dear departed." When asked why totflld.not leave a pipe and opium to bo used with tho' pipo lights John replied very reverently, -'-' Got-him— too much -down- below" (pointing to the grave), and then quiuty made his exit. Tne fact was witnessed by several Euro. peaoe,and It is a second similar occurrence within a month. . 