LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH GLENORCHY. Yesterday the ceremony of laying the foun- dation stone of the above church took place according to previous announcement. The weather being exceedingly favorable, there was a large attendance of visitors, comprising many from town, who arrived by public conveyances or private vehicles, and from the surrounding localities. The arrangements included the attendance of His Excellency Mr. Du Cane, Governor, to perform the ceremonial, and presence of the Right Rev. Dr. Bromby, the Bishop of the Diocese, and a number of the clergy. A choir, comprising members of the Trinity and St. John's (Goulburn- street) choirs, arrived in Dove's break, and occupied a station on the platform, Miss Hogg presiding at the harmonium, and Mr. W. J. J. Reynolds leading. It had also been arranged for the visitors to partake of luncheon, the children of the district to be treated, and the pro- ceedings to be concluded by a public tea meeting in the evening. The site of the new church is on that of the old one, a small and inconvenient building, 30 years old, and not much above 30 feet in length. The movement for obtaining a new structure has been going on for upwards of two years, and the members of the Anglican Church have experienced much sympathy and aid from those of other churches, which they have not been slow to acknowledge. The church is to be Gothic, of brown and white stone, with two porches, chancel, and vestry. The length of the whole building is 70 to 80 feet, and width in the clear 39 ft. 8 in., the height of the walls 17 ft. 6 in., a plain Gothic roof raised to a height of 48 ft. The design by Mr. Francis Butler, the architect, provides for a belfry and spire, which will give the church a characteristically finished appear- ance. A flag was displayed on the staff at the foundation stone, indicating the place where the ceremony was to take place, namely, at the north-east corner of the foundation. At a few minutes after 12 o'clock, His Excellency accompanied by Mr. Manners- Sutton Chichester, the A.D.C., arrived in his carriage, attended by two mounted orderlies ; and was received by the Rev. Edward Symonds, the Incumbent, Dr. Butler, Messrs. Morrisby, Hull, and Kellaway, members of the Building Com- mittee. The Bishop and clergy surpliced, walked in prcession to the ground, and took up the positions assigned them near the foundation stone. At that time the audience was very large, and the contiguous embankments were crowded with persons anxious to witness the ceremony. From the nature of the site there was but little difficulty in all obtainiug a good view. The clergy included the Ven. Archdeacon Davies, the Revs. Messrs. G. B. Smith, Brammall, Hudspeth, Green, Williams and Symonds, and among the audience, besides the members of the committee, and a large number of ladies, were Sir Valentine Fleming, Hon. Sir Robert Officer, M.H.A., Hon. Mr. W. L. Dobson, M.H.A., Mr. Hopkins, J.P., Mr. Hopkins, jun., J.P., Rev. G. Clarke, Hon. Mr. James Whyte, M.L.C., Mr. Hull, senr., J.P., D. Coverdale, Alderman Belbin, Mr. Cooley, Mr. T. Westbrook, J.P., Mr. H. Bilton, J.P., Mr. R. A. Wright, Mr. Hammett, and others. The usual order for laying the foundation stone of a church was used, the Rev. H. Bromby intoned the service, and the choir chaunted the responses. All things being ready, the Rev. H. Bromby commenced with "Our help is in the name of the Lord." Then was sung Psalm LXXXIV, "O how amiable are Thy dwellings." The Bishop offered the usual prayers, laying his hand on the foundation stone. After an anthem by the choir, "Thine O Lord is the greatness," the congregation sung the hymn commencing, Christ is the foundation Of the House we raise ; Be its walls salvation, And its gateways praise. May its threshold lowly To the Lord be dear ; May the hearts be holy That shall worship here. The ceremony was then proceeded with. A stoppered bottle was inserted in a cavity of the foundation stone, containing copies of the Hobart Town Mercury, and the other morning journal of that day's date, and also a document, handsomely engrossed on vellum by Mr. Langley, with the following record : ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, GLENORCHY. The foundation stone of this church was laid by His Excellency Charles Du Cane, Esq., Governor, on the 22nd June, 1869, the Rev. Edward Symonds being incumbent of the parish, Robert A Wright, Thomas S. Kellaway, and William E. Morrisby, Church Wardens; Francis Butler, Architect ; and William Stone, Con- tractor. Mr. Stevens, the mason, having laid the plaster, and made all preparations under the direction of the architect and contractor, the stone was lowered and levelled, His Excellency the Governor received the mallet at the hands of the contractor, struck the stone, and ascertained that it was properly adjusted, when he said:- In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation, stone in the Name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Amen. To which the Bishop added, in the words of the Order, Here let true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love ever remain ; this place is consecrated to prayer, and to the praise of the most Holy Name of the same our Lord Jesus Christ, who ever liveth, with the Father, and the Holy Spirit, one God, world without end. Amen. The BISHOP then briefly adddressed the as- sembly. He said as a great many would pro- bably return home once, it would be his duty to ask those who had not yet taken part in the proceeding, to do their little, according to the advertisement, soliciting subscriptions in aid of the building fund, to be placed upon the foun- dation stone. It was a very important work ; other works were important, such as town halls, schools, colleges, hospitals, which bore witness, to civilisation and progress, but this work in volved the highest interests, spiritual and tem- poral. For what was it they claimed attention ? They were laying the foundation stone of an edifice to be consecrated to a work of high im- port, in which the everlasting gospel would be proclaimed to those who followed, and guidance and instruction afforded to those who had the world's difficulties to struggle with. In one word, where it would be the work of God's ser- vants to feed and nurture the divine life in those whom they ministered. The Bishop ad mitted that God's presence was not confined to material walls ; that presence might be found by the mother in all the difficulties of the house- hold, by the seamstress in her parlor, by the merchant on the exchange, and by men in all the different walks of life. They know that God might be worshipped by a Daniel in the lion's den, by the children in the fiery furnace, by the thief on the cross, and when- ever we prayed to the Father in secret the divine life might be fed and developed, but depend on it, that divine life in the soul could not grow un- less the means were used. Assuredly in the House of God, where two or three assembled to worship, God had been promised to be there, and there would the divine life be fed and developed. His Lordship beggod of them to do their part and to bring in prayer their offerings to be placed on that stone. In conclusion he hoped the echoes of the church-going bell would be heard from the mountain's side to the banks of the beautiful river, that the old men might esteem the heights of Zion which were beautiful for situation, and that the voices of little children might also be heard expressing delight in the services of religion and saying "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go up to the house of the Lord." He had therefore to ask each one to place something on the stone that each might have the pleasing remembrance of having done his part in the great work ; having a brick, or a stone there, something from which he might expect a blessing upon himself and his children. The Hundredth Psalm was then sung, in the course of which there was a general response to the appeal for subscriptions to be placed on the formation stone, cheques, bank notes, gold and silver being contributed in profusion, His Ex- cellency leading the way. The remaining prayers having been said by the Rev. E. Symonds, the Bishop pronounced the benediction. At the instance of Mr. HULL, sen., three cheers were given for the Governor, and three for the Bishop. THE LUNCHEON. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the Governor, Bishop, clergy, choir, and such of the other ladies and gentlemen as had received invites, proceeded to the public school-room, where an appropriate repast had been provided under the superintendence of a committee of ladies, the larders of some of them having pro- duced bounteous supplies of geese, fowls, pig, joints, tarts, jellies, fruits, et ceteras, such as only a country dejuner can boast of. The vast array of bunting covering the walls of the school room vied with the flags outside ; and some pains had been taken by the committee to complete the internal decorations with ever greens. The chair was taken by the incumbent, Rev. E. Symonds, His Excellency the Governor being on his right, and the Bishop on the left. His Honor Sir Valentine Fleming, Archdeacon Davies, Sir Robert Officer, the Attorney-General Dr. Butler, M.H.A., Mr. Davies. M.H.A., the Messrs. Hopkins, &c.;, being in the immediate vicinity. Besides the other gentlemen named as present at the ceremony, were Mr. Walker, M.H.A., Mr. Gresley. J.P., Rev. A. Davenport, Rev. F. H. Cox, and others. The repast having concluded, the toasts of which there were five on the list, commenced. The CHAIRMAN said in bidding the company welcome in the name of the committee, he had great pleasure in proposing the first toast, which he was sure would meet with a hearty and loyal response. He gave "The Queen," which was druuk with "three times three." In introducing the next toast, the Rev. CHAIR- MAN asked permission to make a brief statement of the movement which had brought them together. Efforts were commenced in May, 1867, when at a public meeting, a resolution was passed, to the effect that it was desirable a new church should be erected. At that time a kind offer was made by Mr. Belbin to give sufficient cut stone for the building. (Applause.) Several subsequent meetings took place, resulting in plans being laid before the committee by Mr. Francis Butler, the architect. The minutes of the meeting 25th November, 1868, showed that there were promises of sub- scriptions to the amount of £206 12s. 6d., on the strength of which tenders were obtained for the mason's work, and Mr. Stone's was accepted at £400. The lapse of time had proved that the work was not only desirable but necessary. At present the services were held in that school- room, and on Sunday evenings the room was crowded, and it was quite necessary that the new church should be erected (hear hear). Difficulties had arisen but now they had been enabled to commence by laying the corner stone, and by the help of their fellow Christians through- out the diocese, he trusted that they should meet before long, perhaps at Christmas, for the conse- cration of the new church (applause). In cash and good promises they had about £300, but they would require £700 to complete a portion, and to carry out the original design, £1000. He hoped they would be able to carry out the original design, with chancel, vestry, and porches. (Cheers.) He hoped what he had in his pocket \- the collection at the foundation stone - would increase the fund by £100 ; and he trusted that all who could do so would give them help, for it would not only be for the good of the church, but of the whole district. (Hear, hear.) He prayed that God would bless their endeavors, and enable them to accomplish their object. He then proposed the second toast, "His Excellency the Governor." The toast was drunk with much goodwill. His EXCELLENCY, on rising to return thanks, was received with applause. He beggod to re- turn his best thanks to the company for the kind and welcome manner in which they had responded to the toast. For himself, perhaps they would allow him to say it had been a matter of sincere pleasure to him to be able to come and give such assistance as he had been able to render, and he re-echoed all those good wishes which had been uttered by the Chairman, and also in such admirable and impressive language by the Bishop, during the ceremony of the day. That ceremony was invested with a grout amount of interest to him, and also the additional charm of novelty. His Excellency said he had taken part in a great many public occasions, but it so happened that that was the first time he had ever been called on to lay the foundation stone of any building, and however much he had ex- pected to add to his knowledge by his appointment to the honorable office he filled, he must say he did not think he should have come 14,000 miles to have been initiated in the fiist lesson of the craft of a mason. (A laugh.) As it was the first time, he sincerely hoped it would not be the last that he might be called on to render similar service during his residence amongst them. (Cheers.) For nothing could be more gratifying, occupying the position he did, than to see the clergy and the laity of the diocose, the members of that church to which he had the honor to belong, putting forth efforts, voluntary efforts, for the extension of the church and to meet the requirements of an in- creasing and widely scattered population ; and he believed there was no district in the colony where a church was more needed, and where it was likely to be a greater blessing to the neighbor- hood. (Cheers.) He knew they were not met to make long speeches. He had a toast to propose which they would anticipate, and which he knew would be received with that enthusiasm to which it was entitled, "The Bishop and clergy." (Cheers.) His Excellency said he might feel some embarrassment in having such a toast to announce, but he knew very well that no words were needed on his part to call on them to give ex- pression to feelings of respect which they always entertained for the head of the church in the diocese of Tasmania, and their sense of the admirable manner in which he discharged the duties of his high and honorable position ; and in which he was so effectually seconded by the large body of the clergy in every part of the colony. The life of the Tasmanian clergy, they would agree with him, was by no means that of a sinecure, whether they looked to town or country ; it was the life of men of work and action. (Cheers). He would not trespass further on their attention, he was sure they would join him in drinking "The health of the Bishop and Clergy." The toast was druuk with "three times three," and one cheer more. The BISHOP returned thanks, and expressed his gladness at the occasion which had brought them together, and to witness the enthusiasm which had been shown in the inauguration of the good work. He desired to express his acknowledg ments to His Excellency, who had come forward to take the first lesson in the art of masonery in which he had performed the duty so well, that one would have thought he had laid many foundation stones in the district in which he had so long lived. (A laugh.) Thoy had met to inagurate a new church, and he was glad to say it was not a solitary case ; he was happy to say there were looming in the distance many similar efforts in which they hoped to call on His Excellency to fulfil the premise he had been kind enough to make. When His Lordship stated that, he was reminded of what was said to him when he first landed on the hospitable shores of Tasmania. When he hinted at the desirableness of rebuilding St. David's, dis- placing such a specimen of architecture (a laugh) by a cathedral, he was told if they did that it would have the effect of discouraging Church building. Now, for the facts, they had built and opened a beautiful church at Ross ; at St Leonard's they had done the same thing, and they were going to build on the North Coast. Until lately there were there - and the repre sentative of that district (Mr. Davies) was there to correct him if he were wrong - no sound of the church-going bells, no distinction made in some part of the district between Sundays and working days ; but a new church had been built at Latrobe, a place of growing importance, a new church at the Forth, and another at the River Leven ; those were since 1865. And they had no less than nine others either in progross or projected. They had one building at Constitution Hill, another at Fingal, a beauti- ful Church, and another projected at Table Cape. The fire that was spreading in the prairie of the North was lit up at Latrobe, they had Table Cape, and that would carry them to the confines of the district Circular Head, where they had a church. Then they were going to have a church at Sorell, another at Victoria, Huon, one at Swansea, one at Hadspen and the new cathedral, the model around which all the rest were springing up, a cathedral among the beautiful group of public buildings which would be a credit to the whole colony. They had actually given a stimulus to church building, one of which would be that beautiful church, in laying the foundation of which they had taken part to-day. (Cheers.) His lordship in further remarks enlarged on the necessity of carrying out the design of the new church to completion ; he adverted to the plan re ferred to in the columns of The Mercury, as about to be adopted by the promoters of the new church at Sorell, to sow a portion of land, the produce of which to be given towards the building fund. The Mercury advocated agriculture in a general way, and as far as agriculture for church building went, his Lordship had known it to be adopted with good effect. (Cheers.) He illus- trated his remarks on liberality by the anecdote of the Yorkshire lad, who, when he took £2 to the quarterly meeting of the Church Missionary Society, was at a loss to give the name of the donor, as he had been enabled to get that money together by systematic work of himself and his donkey, but he at length solved the difficulty by requesting the committee to put down the subscription to "Neddy and me" (loud laughter). He thanked them for the toast in behalf of the clergy and himself, and proposed the next toast, "Success to the Undertaking." Drank with "three times three." HIS EXCELLENCY jocularly suggested that they should give one cheer more for Neddy. (A laugh.) Dr. BUTLER spoke in acknowledgment of this toast, and gave a history of church progress in Glenorchy, and referred to the determination of the people to have a church worthy of the district. He thanked the visitors for the inter est they had taken in the movement, and begged to propose their healthy coupling with it the name of Sir Robert Officer, member for the district, who had manifested his sympathy with every good subject, and liberally subscribed to the different funds. Friends of several de- nominations had also aided them, and he knew the toast would be heartily responded to. "Sir Robert Officers, and our visitors." Drunk with "three times three." Sir R. Officer returned thanks. Though not a member of the Church of England, he had always treated it with respect and wished it well, as a branch of the true Catholic and Christian Church. He was always glad to give his humble contribution to the support of that great and Christian Institution. He took a peculiar interest in the church they were about to erect, and in the district which he had represented since the introduction of the electoral sys- tem, more than 15 years (cheers), during which there had been six or seven elections. He sincerely hoped that the good work initiated to- day might be crowned by the completion of the church of which the foundation stone had been laid that day. (Cheers). Dr. BUTLER begged permission to propose a toast that was not in the list, the minister of the district, namely the Rev. Mr. Symonds, and the two gentlemen who had officiated so acceptably before him, Rev. Messrs. Bromby and Williams. The BISHOP suggested to include the wives of those of the three who were married - Mrs. Sy monds and Mrs. Williams. The toast as amended was then drunk amid cheers. The three gentlemen having returned thanks, the company broke up. A large number of the children of the district who were freely invited, partook of a feast at the school-house in the afternoon. In the evening the tea meeting was much crowded, the Rev. E. Symonds presided, and after tea (the proceeds of which go to the fund) the time was occupied with singing, Mr. Arthur Chapman and others rendering efficient service with vocal and instrumental music. We understand the total amount of the con- tributions placed on the foundation stone was £61 5s. 