CSt ^LapunSa f^eratti. FRIDAY, JTJ&E; 11, 1869. J THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. Old proverbs are just as applicable to the course of events now as when they were first coined, and the truth of one of these—that te it never rains but it pours" —has of late been more than once realised in our own experience. It will not readily be forgotten what excitement was caused a few months back when the Galatea was sighted early one morningj and almost immediately afterwards the mail steamer with the long-expected Sir James Fergusson hove in sight. This experience has, though-in a less sensa tional degree, been again repeated ; for the good folks of Adelaide had hardly got over the excitement consequent on the. arrival of the English mail two days before ; • time—though, by-the-bve, there is no'news of such importance thereby as to cause the extra expedition to be very highly appre ciated-—when a fresh signal was run up, which divided the interest of the day, for the Gulnare, from the Northern Territory direct, was coming up the Gulf; and though the news from the North was not particularly auspicious—being a repeti tion of the now familiar legend, copper down, wool dull—it was hoped that by way of compensation the tidings from our immediate North might be more cheering. That hope has fortunately been realised ; for on the mail being delivered, it was found by comparing the various private accounts received that the work of survey is being proceeded with in capital style, and that a* kindly feeling prevails amongst the members of the party to an extent which, bearing in mind the experiences of former expeditions, appears almost won . derful. The Gulnare has been somewhat short ' of four months absent, of which time she ; was five weeks in the Northern Territory; and Captain Sweet, it is said, speaks most, i favourably of the natural advantages pos sessed by Port Darwin as a safe and commodious harbour. The Gulnare lay close off the site of the new township in six fathom water, and exploring expedi tions were made thence in the steam launch, revealing country whose beauty and capabilities appear to have greatly impressed the party. Captain Sweet was well known in Adelaide as a skilled photographer, and we understand he turned his knowledge to practical account, so that the people of Adelaide are now in a position to judge for themselves as to the beauty of the scenery of the country around the yet-to-be famous city of well, the name is not yet fixed, but we don't think a better than was originally intended can be suggested, namely— Palmerston. The arrival of the Gulnare at Port Dar win took place none too soon, as the party were beginning to be very anxious not for news only but also stores, as those of the Commissariat Department were rapidly diminishing. After discharging the stores, &c.f; it was proposed to send the Gulnare to Timor with the mails for South Aus tralia, as also to fetch the mail for the. Northern Territory, which it was believed would be lying there. This mail, however, it will be remembered, was returned to the colony a short time back by the Dutch authorities, as they had no means of for warding it; hence it happened very fortu nately that a decision was come to to send the Gulnare to Port Adelaide direct, which trip the smart little schooner made in thirty days. At the time of her leaving Port Darwin the parly were not only in pretty good health and spirits, and hopeful for the future, but had actually achieved a fair share of the work allotted to them. A considerable quantity of rain had fallen, but this had not materially interfered with the progress of the survey, for three of the townships and nearly 50,000 acres of suburban land had been surveyed; and the Surveyor-General was folly confident that the whole of the surveys would be accomplished by October. Indeed, from the published reports it would appear that he is already contemplating the beginning of the end; for on her next trip to Adelaide it is said that the Gulnare will bring back some of the party whose assistance may i then be dispensed with. -] The daily papers publish a number oEj very interesting private letters, all of which ] tend to confirm the fact that rapid progress j is being made in the work of survey, and that the best ieelings subsist between the varied members of the party, with unfor tunately one exception—the doctor still j appearing to be the bete noir of the party. Be is spoken of as being in his official capacity very careless and indifferent to the health and comfort of those whose physical, well-being should be his care. Mosquitos and sandflies appear to be playing an im portant, though not agreeable, part in the domestic arrangements of the party. The former are very large, and the latter very small; but both alike appear to be un merciful disturbers of the peace. The surveying work is spoken of as being exceedingly fatiguing; and although the hours are comparatively short, the mea are more completely knocked up thereby than they would be by doable the amount of work in this colony. The party leave the camp for the scene of their labours at 6 o'clock a.m., and start on the home ward traek at 2 o'clock p.m. Walking in that tropical country is described as any-. thiiig but pleasant exercise, and the lack of vegetables and fruit is making itself evidenced by the prevalence of boiLs and I prickly heat. Most of the party appear pretty sanguine of eating their Christmas dinner in this colony, and also indulge in the hope of being able to augment their pay by doing more work per month than the standard which Mr. Goyder was ex pected to fix. A sad incident had occurred at Escape Cliffs, which serves to indicate the treachcry of the natives there. A barque with forty Malays on board was wrecked there; of these twenty-five were drowned, and all the survivors were speared by the natives with the exception of two, whom the Chief, Mira, managed to save, and who were by him sent , on to the camp 5 but as they spoke no English, and none of the survey party understood the Malagese tongue, they were not able to give any very certain information as to the vessel so lost. Mr. Goyder's letter dated 3rd May, states that he sends plans and diagrams of one principal and two minor townships, and also of 43,000 acres of land divided into sections of 160 and 320 acres, and also progress reports of surveys in hand. Mr. Goyder speaks in high terms of Capt. j Sweet's abilities j and in reference to the i harbour, says, it is a splendid one, being suitable to vessels of the largest tonnage, with deep water, and good holding ground, fjis first favourable impression of the bountry has been strengthened by observa tion, as will be seen by the following extract:— " My first impressions in its favour, as detailed in my previous report, are only confirmed by more extended travel, and I trust that but a short time will elapse before it is occupied. Apart from the suitability of much of the soil for the growth of cotton, sugar, rice, &c.;, it is invaluable for breeding large stock, and horses or cattle could readily be shipped and conveyed to India. It is true the heat is great, and the climate, for at least six months in the year, oppressive, and for Europeans it is as bad as some portions of India, and the same amount of work cannot be done as in South. Australia without great deter- mination and exertion ; but again our experience is that of men new to the locality, and much may be done by acclimatization, but labour can be readily obtained from the adjacent islands." Mr. Goyder reports that the survey will be completed at latest by the 1st of October next, when he expects the party will be ready to return to Adelaide. On the whole the news by the Gulnare is as favourable as could possibly have been hoped for, and appears to promise that the lack of survey will no longer be an obstacle in the way of the settlement of the country. The large gathering which assembled at Mr. Lascelles' concert in Crase's Boom on Friday evening was a pleasing proof that a love of good music is not extinct in Kapunda; and whilst it must1 have been very gratifying to Messrs. Lascelles and Wilkie to see an audience of such numbers, the enthusiastic manner in which their performances were received must also have afforded considerable pleasure, even though it entailed almost double duty on their part. With but two exceptions, every piece on the programme was encored, and in all save one instance Messrs. Ltascelles and Willrie veiy cour teously responded to these not very considerate demands. The concert opened with a masterly exhibition of Mr. Lascelles* skill as a pianist by the performance of a descriptive solo, "The Spirit of the Storm," during the progress of which it was only necessary to shut one's eyes to believe that Crase's Boom was for the time under the potent dominion of the Storm Fiend—the winds whistled and shrieked, the thunder roared, and under the skilful touch of the performer, the keys of the piano appeared to have unlocked the elements and plunged them into a desperate conflict. Mr. Lascelles then sang his celebrated double-voiced song, " Robin Ruff," which, was most enthusiastically received and encored. We unfortunately lost our memo, of the songs which were given in response to the encores, and cannot state from memory the particular songs given in each instance. Mr. Willrie made his debut to a Kapunda audience in that popular song " The Queen's Letter," which was splendidly rendered; and when in response to the call of the audience Mr. Wilkie again came upon the platform, he sang with equal effect " Let me like a Soldier fall.31 A descriptive vocal song with pianoforte accompaniment, entitled " The Desert," was next given by Mr. Lascelles, which was eminently successful as a musical delineation of the terror, anguish, and despair of the desert-lost traveller, as the vulture hovered over his exhausted frame, and of the joyous ecstasy which took possession of his heart as the camel bells of an approaching carravan, becoming more and more distinct, gave promise of speedy delivery from the terrible fate from which escape had appeared to be so hope less. This song also was encored, and by way of a contrast Mr. Lascelles gave an intensely comical song, " Miss Julia," which, evoked roars of laughter. The next in order on the programme was also a comic song by Mr. Lascelles, " Mrs. "Skinner," which being encored was followed by " Tea in the Arbour." Braham's celebrated duet " All's Well" was then beautifully rendered by Messrs. Lascelles and Wilkie, and in response to the encore the no less beautiful duet, " The Minute Ghm at Sea" was given. The second part of the programme was opened by a piano forte solo, including a number of popular airs ■with variations, which was followed by Mr. ' "Willrie's " Come into tlie Garden, Maude," which being one of the gems of the evening, was we need hardly say encored, when " The Old Arm-chair" was substituted. An amsuing Scotch song by Mr. Lascelles followed, which on drawing down : the usual encore was followed by "Oh where, and Oh where does your Highland Laddie dwell." Next came what was decidedly ike piece of the evening, the duet " Sunset," in which Messrs. Lascelles' and WilMe's voices blended beautifully. This had to be repeated to satisfy the audience. Mr. Wilkie nest sang " My pretty Jane," which was also encored, but on this occasion that com pliment was responded to only by a bow. A budget of comicalities in vocalization and instru mentalization, under the title of "Beauty and the Beast," was given by Mr. Lascelles, which elicited peals of laughter from the audience. Having first stated that in consequence of their enthusiastic receeption a second concert would be given on the following evening, " G-od save the Queen" was sung as a finale to the proceed ings, which terminated a few'minutes before 10— an evidence that the programme had been drawn up so as to make some allowance for encores. A second concert was given on Saturday night, but from several causes it was 'not nearly so en joyable as that of Friday. There was a good attendance, but in the back seats a number of boys were talking throughout the performance, and sundry dogs were also runing about the room occasionally barking. As if this was not enough, a man who ought to have know better created a disturbance, and refused to leave the room. There should be some person authorized to expel ' any person who thus destroys the harmony of an entertainment, but no one appeared to have that i power. Mr. Lascelles was hardly in his usual good voice on Saturday, or, perhaps, the un musical accompaniments excited an unfavourable influence on him.—By an advertisement in another column it will be seen that Mr. Lascelles will give his farewell concert in Kapunda on Monday evening next, on which occasion an entirely new programme is to be presented. We hope the audience may be equally numerous but rather less noisy than that of Saturday night; and, on the other hand, we -would also suggest the propriety of commencing the concert promptly at the spe cified time. A sad accident happened on Saturday last, in Main-street, Victoria, to a child of Mr. Rushbrook, of Mount Allen. Mr. Ruslibrook, his wife, and child had brought in a load of wood, riding on the top thereof. On reaching Victoria Township they got down, and the child by some means came into contact with the wheel whilst the waggon was in motion, by which Bhe was knocked down, and the wheel passing over her thigh broke it. The unfortunate child was taken into Mir. C. Rowett's, and the assistance of Dr. | Brack was promptly secured. We understand that the Rev. Father Byrne is about to be transferred from Kapunda to Salisbury. The Register of to-day mentions that the Gazette contains Mr. Mais's resignation as Engineer-in-Chief. "We have looked through the Government organ, and bo far as we can see Mr. Mais has only resigned his position as General Manager of Railways. Br the Government Gazette of to-day we notice that the amount of Government Prize Money for distribution for the class-firing of the Kapunda Company is £46, of which £10 goes to the maker of the best aggregate score (Mr Edgecombe), and the balance for distribution amongst next best scores. At a Commitiee meeting of the Ka punda Institute, held on Tuesday evening last, qjie President (Mr. J- A. Brace) and Vice-Presidents (Mr. J. Gv Pitcher) were ap pointed to take necessary steps for the formation of a I/adies' Committee to make arrangements for preparing for a bazaar in aid of the Institute. "Arrangements were also made for a lecture by the Rev. Mr. Ibbetson, particulars of which as to time and place will be found in another column. We hope that the ladies will take up the bazaar scheme with vigour, so that there may be some probability of realising thereby a hand some sum in aid of the Building Fund. "With respect to the approaching lecture, we would also say that the interesting nature of the subject chosen, together with the well-known ability of the rev. lecturer, should suffice to draw together a very large audience. His .Excellency Sir James Fergusson appears to have highly enjoyed his trip to the South-East, where the period of his stay was marked by one continued round of festivities— balls, coursing, kangaroo hunting, inspection of I caves, ploughing matches, Institute entertain ments, &c.;, having been the order of the days and nights of the vice-regal visitation. The farming portion of the community had again begun to look very anxiously for a change from the fine dry weather which set in at the close of last week; being, as usual, alarmed lest the dry season should continue for too long a period. Their anxiety was, however, relieved on Tuesday last, when a fine steady rain set in, since which time the weather has been all that farmers could desire. . We notice by the Melbourne telegrams that Mr. Walter Montgomery has had an action brought against him by Mr. Durant, for refusing to play at Castlemaine, and has had a verdict for £150 damages returned against him. The Rev. Dr. Muecke has just returned from his tour to the South-East, the seat of that mysterious malady, the coast disease;" and we hear that he has stated that he has thoroughly found out the cause of, as well as the remedies against, this disease. He has during his trip also discovered the plants that sweat the so-called indiarubber, which caused so much talk and created hopes in this colony several years ago ; the analysis the Doctor made at that time, and pub lished in the Register, stating it to be a vegitable matter, is thus proved correct. We hear also that Doctor Muecke intends shortly to publish these important discoveries in detailed treatises. We need hardly mention that nearly everywhere the rev. doctor met with a very hearty reception from the colonists.—Advertiser. The Advertiser mentions a notable in stance of the disposition of Government to foster colonial industries and to save the public money. Some former member of the Ministry, who has j shuffled off office and responsibility at the same j time, took upon himself to send home an order for six tons of best Bussian tallow for the use of j the Railway Department. Now, as it happens that colonial tallow is quite equal to the Russian j article, this was of itself a foolish step to take, even supposing the Russian tallow was as cheap as the colonial, because in the first place the tallow could have been bought here just when wanted, and the interest on the cost would not have been accruing during the transit from home of the imported article. But the folly of this transaction is heightened by the fact that not only is Russian tallow not superior to the colonial article, but it costs a trifle over 50 per cent, more by the time it is landed in the colony—i.e., £55 for the imported, against £36 for the colonial production. Such be the actions of the men who are sent to Parliament to promote the trade and commerce of the country. The new Lunatic Asylum should surely be erected sufficiently large to allow ofa considerable accession to its inmates from another Government building. The attention of some practical miners has lately been directed to a section formerly belonging to the Australian Mining Company, as presenting every appearance of containing a good mine. The sections in question had been tried in places by the Company, who eventually sold the property to Mr. Jas. White, reserving, however, the mineral rights. This particular section is now held by Mr. Fotheringham on a lease with right of purchase, and on it has been discovered a very fine lode at the surface. A pit has been sunk six feet deep, and the lode so far continues to improve. A number of the tradesmen of Kapunda have subscribed the neces sary capital to test the lode, with a view to obtaining a lease should the result be favourable. We have seen some good specimens of oxides and carbonates from the lode, one of which assayed by Mr. J. Eowe gave a return of 36 per cent, for copper. A second sample, from stuff deemed almost worthless, gave a return of 16 per cent. We would draw attention to a notice appearing in another column, by which it will be seen that the Rev. J. M. Day will deliver a lecture in the schoolroom of the Baptist Church, on Monday evening next, of which the subject will be " The true story of certain Ghosts I have seen." The proceeds are to go towards the Building Fund of the Church. The older colonists of all denominations will participate in the sorrow caused to the churchmen of South Australia by the news of the somewhat sudden decease of Dean 3?arreU in England, which place he was visiting with a view to recruiting his health, which of late years had been failing. The Dean left here seven months back, and the last letters which had been re ceived from him were hopeful in their tone. The rev. gentleman arrived in the colony in September, of 1840, and iu 1813 was appointed Colonial Chaplain, which office he filled up to the time of his decease. After the death of Mr. Howard, Mr. Farrell was the only Church of England minister in the colony for nearly three years, when the Rev. James Pollitt- and the late Archdeacon Woodcock arrived. In 1847 the Bishop of Adelaide entered into the duties of his diocese, and shortly afterwards the Rev. Mr. Farrell was advanced to tlie office of Dean. Tlie news of his decease, which took place on the 26th April, reached Adelaide by telegram. The rev. gentleman was 66 years of age. We regret to learn that the "widow of Mr. Ryan, who, it will be remembered, lately died from the effects of an accidental wound in the thigh, has gone out of her mind, aud that seven children, of whom the eldest is but ten years old, are thus left unprovided for. On Tuesday morning as the train from Adelaide to Kapunda was passing up one of the rises betwixt Boseworthy and Freeling, a spark from the engine ignited the sheeting of one of the trucks. The truck was left at Freeling for the time, and was brought up by the goods train in the afternoon- The contents of the truck con sisting chiefly of vegetables, the value of the property destroyed will not be very considerable. Besides the vegetables and fruit, there were a few packages of tea, soap, and general groceries.^ Of course the inconvenience and loss are alike a matter of regret; but the old consolation holds good in this matter—for undoubtedly the result might have been much worse. The last number of the Adelaide Miscellany contained a more than usually large amount of interesting Teading matter. We notice that the next musical supplement will consist of an original sacred piece, by Mr. Holden, a gentle man well-known in musical circles in Adelaide. Advantage has been taken by the Corporation of the present seasonable weather to commence the spreading of the road metaL A moderately large staff were busily engaged in this work in Main-street yesterday. We mentioned in our last that Mr. Jap. Pearce had given the Agricultural Society £5 worth of red and white Suffolk seedwheat for sale amongst the members of the Society. The wheat in question arrived in Kapunda on Friday last, and was immediately purchased by various members of the Society, as well as an additional equal quantity purchased by the Society from Mr. Pearce. The demand was so great that the seed had to be divided pro rata, amongst the applicants. There were two sorts of the red and two of the white, but none of them in appearance were at all equal either in colour or size to our own wheat. When they become 'acclimatized— that is, in the third or fourth crop—they may prove to be valuable additions to the sortB already in cultivation here. This seed was sold by the importer (Mr. E. S. Wigg) at no profit to himself, its cost landed in Adelaide being 12/ per busIieL A private foot race for £1 a side took place on Wednesday afternoon between E. J. Bowett and A. Zeiner, on the ground at the rear of Mr. Potter's school; distance 100 yards, Zeiner having three yards start, and Bowett carrying a 71b. weight in each hand. We hear that Zeiner had run about 70 yards when lie was collared by Bowett, who then kept the lead home. We might mention that Zeiner ran in goloshes— Bowett spike boots—so that Zeiner hardly con sidered this match as decisive, taking into account the wet state of the roads, and therefore chal lenged the winner to run the same distance in a fortnight's time for a larger amount. Mr. Bowett has consented to run the match again on the same terms, as to weights and distance, within four days from the date of this match, or at the end of the fortnight, to give Zeiner six yards in a hundred not carrying weights, or carrying weights both to start at scratch. At a general meeting of the Athletic Club held on Tuesday evening last, it was resolved to open the gymnasium for practice. The com mittee appointed to choose the ground for the sports to take place on, reported that they had selected a piece in the mine paddock, and that Captain Osborne had kindly granted the use of the same. The fees to be charged for erecting booths, &a.;, on" the ground were discussed and agreed to, and it was also decided that the public should be admitted free. . The following gentle men were appointed:—Messrs. J. B. Meigs, A. I King, and S. Osborne, as Judges; Mr. E. Mcholls, Starter; and Messrs. Marriott, S. Pearce, and Nicholls, as Stewards and TTandi cappers. Some other business was arranged and the meeting closed. We understand that there is every probability of a most successful meeting, and we would remind intending competitors that the entries will positively close on Tuesday even ing next. We are glad to hear that Mr. Duffield has resolved to repair and put the Victoria. "Mills' in working order. We believe that the present walls are found to be safe, so that the mill will not have to be entirely rebuilt. It is to be hoped that the proprietors may yet through that rmllj receive some compensation for the loss and source of anxiety which it has been in the past. Mr. Newman, a mercantile gentleman of Adelaide, who has been on a visit to Hobarfc Town, but lias now gone to Launceston, has left some pleasing reminiscences of his sojourn here. Amongst other things, Mr. 5Tewman having en tered incidentally into conversation with Mr. Graves, Hon. Secretary of our Acclimatization Society, expressed a wish to subscribe to the funds, and thereupon contributed two guineas. Mr. ^Newman did not come here with his eyes shut. It will be remembered that we noticed a few days ago that he was the first person to avail himself of the submarine cable for business purposes ; and the following may be taken as a proof of his observant character. He was walking with another gentleman in the street a day or two ago, when he saw a man running at full speed towards him. He called to him to stop, and the man having done so, he threw "him a shilling, saying, " Take this ; you are the only go-a-head man I have seen in Tasmania." There is a moral in this which may be beneficially 1 applied.—t Tasmanian Weekly News. 