Published Weekly. 3hNAL L , FRIDA., DEC 17, 1869. Ow., political system is rapidly degenerating, and the occasional shocking examples of the past are fast becoming of daily, occurrence. Political men without probity are becoming the rule a?id noFbttho' exception, and as each fresh name crops up;one is fain.to feel agrow -ing loatl(ing and abhorrence of the disgusting.1 .ii ,anonment' of the eery `first?principles of honoui 1anid intg)rity by manyrof our legisla. tors Whilo ;the -STarrs, and the 3itLIeas,. 1ani tho Faeeas are beingly w iitwashed by their colleagucs in iarliament,it wquld be as weIll if tho.Econstituencies ,weroe,to seriously onei? der thegiiestionlof' Parliahentary repre , ?entatlon which must pecupy tneir, serious at ??tention before long if it is desired to save our political institutions 'fio sinikng in the mire fpublicopprobum Thi sytem of "proper represenitations" inthoe and- office will have todbo donor a'?y with,-tad the present (o rernment have pro.pise4 to ,ab.olisl it; but ey soon discoer. themsolveso unableto `;do o, esp-cially wth a majority only of threc i thei c ouso eo Assetmbly, Tisat systce was introduced :by: ono or.two needy politicians in a:the first place, who'speedily discovered byeso Sloin"that a very respectabld addition' could be made totheir meagre incomnes by holding their totes ip. '~oloe.n. over the pinitor of Lands for the time being, and thus obtaining whatever land was required by the unseru pulous persons who paid for their unsorupulous services. Soon this was found out by others, whol seeing the profitableuseo to which a seat in {iarliament could bob ut, presented thom- he solves beforo the constituoncies and in some on cases were returined, thereby adding to the tb ignoble army of waiters on the Land-office for favours present and to come, which were then of sold at a price. In this manner many a dirty hi trick has been perpetrated; and the Land-offico e and?its administration-iss at.length!dragged d before the bar of public opinion, and a Royal tt Commissioti appointed to inquire its work rug;h tessr:s Miciic;' HoLsoovo, ansd"'Gsce havlng been nominated as commiesioners, Now,;it tieonlyto be expected of s certain 'class of?momliers that they will use their positions for their own personal profit, without t the slightesteregard fdr.the publicdtrilst reposed i in them" ' Being ien without honour, it is not to be expected that the mere fact of being re- 1 turned to a seat in Parliament willinsitil into !tlei tihoo principles which are lel saoid by enitlentep. And here lies tho.wholoefaultof :our political system. How is it that :,th'ey were ever .placed in a position to defraud the public? of course, by the voice of the consti tuencies. It therefore clearly rests with the people in tio variois electorates to choose for , themselves fitting ren - not mere tools, d political lofersi who could not be honest if ed ven they tried (and their efforts in that direei d tion are very harmless), but substantial candi-' dates, men of probity and honour, who, will then be able to give a good account of their k stewardship, and not be continually hauled over the coals 'for this or that doubtful pro Iceeding. The question rests with the country t to purify its Legislature, and this it can best do lin the way we liavo indicated.' The Press d sn im ortait dutty in "this matter, but it will have to depart from the custom of the 'e past, which has been anything but encourag to ing to the advent of honest menmon the politi sr cal arena. \- Theomemorial for a General Sessions Court he is to be sent to Melbourne to- day.'- A number of signatures have been appended, from BeaUlla, Major Plains, Samann, and Euroa. D' Thse signatures from thoe other places in the V shire should be. sent in at once, so that thiey a, may be sent to.Melbourne and attached to the rest. 9? 'ian employed haymaking a day or two B back oonMr. Dunn's station at Katandra, los I perienced a very narrow- escape from snake bite; While thrusting a fork into one of the hay-cocks;-ho-unwittingly passed it through a snake's tail, and did not notice the reptile till the hay fell from the fork and left his. snake. ship dancing on the end of it. The snake was Sfive feet long, and darted its fangs too near.to th-e. ain to be pleasant, but heevetitulls5 - sue. ceaded in ridding himself.- of his' dangeiodsi coipanion. lr. Dii'in ihfoi-ss us that snakes are unusually numerous this season, several having already been killed near to his homeo stead. The tedium of the .Local Land Board was greatly relieved on Friday by one or two little i?cidents. A man named Hughes, of Greta, wanted to obtain possession of.a few more acres for a?wiiter froitng o. Heo' already had 390 acres bf purchased land, but he said he could "e not get water on that "becauseo it- leaked'!" n Biut the'fui 'of the day 'was the little episode between the O'Briens and one O'heally. Mrs. e O'Brien, objected tow O'Meally's -application because she ihad previously applied for the Sland,and Ofreallyhad ".rixzher pegs." Her o son was also an objector, but she did not want the land for her son, as she was "living on her own hook.'I ."O'ieally.-" Mrs.' O'Brien. was living'witlih her soinuntil the'lst nine months. sO'Brien;i jun.-Don't-argun e on a moiis& yU'doig.?' MsL O:'Brien.--Git out, ye ould dirty-looking scoundhrol, Meally. Mr. Skeihe.n-ou'will have to be put outunless you i behave'yourself. Mrs: O'Brieni (dropping a bob-tail eurtsey).-I beg yer onner's pardoni, but it is a.bad.thing to see a poor widdy run down' that'is trying to'live oiz her own hook. I'll have all of it or half of it, as yer'onner pla- -1 see, andbe thankful.: "His'onnor" andtheother members of.the Board gave the-" poor widdy" 40 acres out' of-the a'llotment,-just to enable hIer.to live ot'stlirhrJoiri hook," and grow " petaties" in galore for the remainder of her days.- VWewish rMeallyjoy in his now home. i The ' poor widdy" and her " petaties" on part I of :hie allotmenut, anid lier' two deminstrative sons, one on:either side obf himin. It strikes us t rather forcibly,that ,ho as ell'as the potatoes I will be meally before long. c -Cr.- Simsos made a most unwarranted attack on Mr. Hanna at "theb Council 'meeting on Wdedaesday. Our representativeo in Parliament g hai Tbeeti veiy endrgoti o'im ttsndlog to several matters for our good; and on these coming 9 befoeo -the 'Council; Mr.- Simson went out of a Ihis way.to insult Mr. Hanna.by actually pro- a po'sing that'ho be presented with' a leather t medal. Of course, Mr.' Hannaiwill not be 0 deterred by suohiuncalled for ntideness, which v Cr., Simson may think very gentlemanlyt but we do not. ,.r .' t . The,.: celebrated artistes, Mr, sd Madame , Simosen;a accompa,.ied by M-is t Rbecca a Nordt rand, Mr :Arthur Moule-as vocalis's, h and Mr Harcourt Lee as pili-t, will per*. forn here on Tuesday ld, Wednesday:neXt. 1 'Everybody tas beard otf'Mdaime Simonsen,, o many- iersons pr.ferrin?lher siiginig, while' h tn, Lysater's opera sroupe;,to that of Madame d ;Lucy Escott, and brin.'lng wit, he esuch an highiirank ii the musical world istis quite t uinnecessarj to. say aiiying ib her praiss. i 'MrSimooensi is l' splesldil viblslisatfand'his o 'famoissaiich al weorld-swide. Of Miss Nordt s "sod M " 'Moele we know-but little, but their I being foundsain shal'oceoiijianyis quites aufli- v 'eintrguar ,ntee for their obility. MIr L'ee is a very clevet pianist, aiod as irwehavoe isd the a leas're of hearing himperform 'oni more pi thanobise ocenaiosi, can testify td the skill and a finish of hisplayins. IlI is tuuci is admirable re and his exe'eution in the best of taste. A capital programme has been issued, including sitoreaur from several operas, and choice bl ballads. The company .perform at Violet G Town on !Moday' evening, . '! Whatisay happen to a man in Victoria" i13 has been done to death; but who will under- p take to write a history of the mishaps which 13 occasionally overtake our quadrupeds? When n this enterprising individual commences his n onerous task, let him note the following :-A f few days back, a valued dog belonging to one a of ourvignerons was observed by his owner to have a very peculiar appearance, and on a close f inspection it was seeoon that a snake hod wound itself, serpent fashion, round and about the dog's body and legs. Disentangling itself on 1 the approach of the owner, the snake made off, and the dog fell to and licked and bit the wound the reptile had inflicted. Without staying to a inspect this very closely, a man was sent in mad haste to fetch some spirits (not the ghosts u of departed dogs, for spiritism has not invaded these parts yet), and returned with half a bot tle of the "croythur." One heold the dog and it the other poured all the whishky down his d throat, so that poor doggy reeled about in an t absolutely drunken state.% However, when he became sober he wane??rfectly free from snake poison. From this trivial incident, O ye peo o ple, learn a better lesson than Halford has taught. The true remedy for snake bite has ' thus boen diseovSred . Nev5r wdlk obt Without, Df dog; always carry a piece of raw beef too. y If bitten by a snake, rub the raw moat over the part, and your dog will then lick it to your, heart's content. I Search yeaour coat pockets, and ' produce therefrom a pint,of whisky, which en swallow, and proceed on your way, rejoicing. or Ladies can carry. the necessary. quantity of whisky in their chignons, which will thus pro , vent'them over.going out of fashion. if A committee meeting of the Mechanics' In cs stitute was held on Friday evening, when the. Li- principal business- was the discussion; of the besttmode of celebrating the: opening of the ill institute. This occupied a considerable time; ir and-it was eventually decided to have a grand ed ball, the date being fixed for Friday evening, the 28th January next. The building is ox '0 pected to be finished beforeothat date, but the ry committee wisely determined not to let the '6t event clash with other entertainments already announced, and it is to be hoped a similar =ss courtesy will be extended to them. The price it of admission has been fixed at'a low rate--s. he for single ticket, and 7s. 6d. for ledy and gentleman. The tickots will.be issued in',a ig- few days, when no doubt'the public will come ti- forward and liberally support the committee, who have been very energetic throughout, and deserve every encouragement., They hope that, srt this effort will free them from debt; and should nor they succeed, will have the proud satisfaction im of having erected a substantial and commodious sa. brick building, suitable in every, way for the he purpose required, in the short space of a few o:y months, wfnich will -be alike creditable to he themselves for their zeal and energy,. and'tos the public who have helped them when called ws upon to do so. A As'nako .on horsebiack would be aie'urious :e- sight, and we may expectto hear of something he of the sort soon, a whip snake three feet in a length having been' disEovered oni a shseep's ill back the other day'ina 'yard at VWarrenbayno e- station, where it had been- carried by one of a as flock: driven in for shearing. It was comfort to ably-ensconced in the long wool, and did-not' .- sdur to ut mre b a?t-boiugC disturbied, .but-wus us i vretiiillydislodged ianid killid es At the l]nd Board, on Friday,'Mr- Pow il applied for a lease-of 121 'a?res in the parish of o Rothesay, under the 12th section" annd'for the same land, allotment 82, a man nahed' Moer as gin applied. for it- under the 142ndosection. le Some not over complimentary: remarks were a, made about Mr. Pow's application, thoDistrict es Surveyor declariingsini to be a dummy of Mr. 10 Simson's, and threatening to report:,him; in Id Melbourne, alleging that he oughtto be struck " off-the roll of attorneys.. -Mri. Nixon ?also ap.' Is plied the epithet" pottifogging lawyer," which ". raised Mr..Pow's ire, and he retorted that the >n District Surveyor was no better thon a'dummy se himself, eand gave vent to ai few other expros. or sions by nou means flattering to that official. It It is diffioult to'say which was the most suc n cessful in chaffing of the two, but those preo n sent heartily enjoyed :their; efforts to-amuse n ; t h e m - -- - - . - . . . . a We notice by our advertising columns that e Messrs. W. Georgeson and Co.,` tea morchants, r, of Melbourne, are introducing a branch of the u trado'neoi to Victoria, liutanecceisfully carried a out in London--namely, tea'blending.: We ' believe this is the proper way to .receive a n really good ten, and will no doubt commend itself to the trade. The time and trouble saved 'by its being in tinfoil packets: must :also bo; a r consideration. ' \- There isto .be a series of sports on Boxing e Dayyadjoining the Liverpool Arms Hotel,'and v a ball will be held in - the evening at' the r Commercial, Hotel, so that we shnllriot'bo * destitute' of anusement duriig the forthcoming t holidays" There has ' been.- some talk of .a e cricket match also, but cricket does not seem to be congenial to the soil here, for there has been little or no practice during the past four or five weeks..... . Hasrvesting operations are now in full swing, and general throughout the district. The' t greatest conceivable difficulty is experienced 1 in obtaining sufficient hands, and thecoise- - g quonce is that the men have hold out for, and f obtained, exorbitant wages. - A fortnight ago a man-hero swore that he would sooner starve r than work for £1 a week and his rations, an e offer to that effect being made to him. £2 a week and rations is now the prevailing rate paid,'and suffieiont men cannot be procured at that figure. One or two farmers, who were very hard pressed to get hands, have to pay £3 a week and rations. It had need be a good harvest to bear such a heavy price for merely gathering it. Another season farmers will have to take stops to protect themselves, for owing to the great scarcity of labour the men e have becomo very insolent, and require a great 3 deal of looking after to get them to work at all. Even with these inducements many are Sto be seen lying about, preferring drunkhen .idloness to-honest work, and in another month Sor two will be loafing for subsistence on those whom they nowstubbornly refuse to work for. It will be miistanken chanty if they fee~d -the vagabonds afterthis. . , SThe ailags of never buy a pig in a poke is a good ,ne; but another in connection with I pigs might be siggested-never .try tbo arry' a pig outside a puke. On WedneadayJost.the read enuineer, Mr. E. Brown, haoing to in spect the:main road towards thonrorihern u boundary of the shire, proffered a seat in his buggy to Mr. Boger, who wanted to visit t Glenrowon, where they arrived in good time I ifeo gud sound, Mr. Bresen having left Mr. t Boger ot rtho hotdl, proceeded on his way, promisin' to be back to lunch and take Mr. to Boger back to Benalla.' Aniiongst the busi- Bi ness transactions during Mr. Brown'sabseance, p not the 1:?ste importantwasne the purclhase from Mr. Liddle of one of hie well-bred pits, at and Mr. Boger appeared to be extremely Ia proud of his baigain, so.Inuch so that he of. w fered almost the:price of a common pig, the same size, to have it taken to Benallt. Mr B Brown'observiug the intense anxiety of his tl friend, undertook to findjro6m in thehbuggvy w for the third party, which; after sundry noisy g re.istanecs, was placed ,in, the vehicle,' made ti secure, and a pretty good start effected. The' t trio had not gone far before thie ihird party It required re- tying';:anothershort distance and o another tie, and another;'until the vagabond a became like the Davenports; could not be tied a any'?vay' Anotheor'sour'ce of uneasiness to the stranger was a dog, Crib, who is generally accommodated with a place in his master's bu.gy and it was eventually discovered that every (urch the buggy mode Qrib.pinned the pilo by the 'snout; so' eventually to put ant end to. discord and growling, Mr. Boger un- - t, deto~lto lie down between the two, but his t porcine highness very 'soeh' declired hiinsfolf Smuter of the position by not only showing that lie was anain unfettered and free; but actually attacking the would-be pacificator. 'Everything must have an end, end so this nsate of noise and discomfort was ended by f Boger; pig, and d,,g, during a general strug g. le, becoming'too weighty on one aide while Brown was describing a circle around the head of a fallen tree, which had the effect of I throwing all hands out on thi ground. When tithe bugey reiained its equiliitriim; the horse found.himself without a' driver, and made traks towards 1oino at full speed, but think Singa himself unnecessarily` encumbered, he disenga;ged hiiselfliy"rknning boldly against a tree'ad dilid'iinel'teih"e'reatest portion of e the bugitay.'. Iiinsh ai"dilemnma what was to 5 be done,? Foir;miileis from a human IMbita tion I. Brown hiastened to get a horse and r cart to tinet Boger and the pig, and which oe he did not 'et, and just at the moment that she was about to.stiartwith" a particofone,`a d faint cooey was' heard near the corner of the a stock-yard, snni foind it to emanate - rom to Mr. Boger, who (although in the last stage of a, exhallation),' hiad stuck to tihe pig, and after .d partaking of one or two resucitators declared at that his particuil{'forte was that of driving ae d si.tgle pig, but ?'t carrying one outeide.of a n p.ke. ns Wangaratta is going ahead, according to the te Ovens Sectator, which says that at the Wan w garatta Police Court, on Wednesday,. no less :o than seven inebriates 'were fined; and other :o" wise dealt with by the police magistrate, who. d has; recently,, on more than one occaslon, had to rinark on the great vice of drunkenness in, to' that town._ g There is copper' at iFernhillst; after all, theo n Rev. J. H. Brown having shown us that metal 's pre'cipitated 'on a 'needle .which he obtained o which he obtained from a specimen furnished a ,by the proprietor of this journal. It was only t-. a surfaoeaspcimen, and the percentage is low. it' 'Mr. -Ryan,:a farmer on' the'o Major= Plains, as 'tad a very, narrow escape,, a few days- ago; while using his reaping machine. :Ho was tv riding the off side horsoi which became very af restive and throw him offjust in front of the le knives "of the machine, one movement of r- which in its proper course would have cut him a. to pieces, -but fortunately the horse made a o desperate plunge to bolt and'thereby lifted the At machine just over him. 'It is wonderful r. how le escaped, as oneLof the kdives' took n a piece, out of his trousers in. passing over k riim. Hle was not muoch hurt by this un. \- toward accident, but was confined tohie bed h fori.'aday:or two. The rakr was thrown 0' off also, but'not much hurt. y A commercial traveller, while coming to ' Bi?olla frttm Witiohn the other day, had his a 'attention' 'attiact;d by a lady on 'horseback 'wh'o 'sppeartiPmln!idifficulties in consequ -nee of her steed''ttefiueig to carry her into the town. `' ~WVith "'?ictt gallantry he offered Sasaistance;':ad' led her horse some distance, biut it refseail ?togo on when he left it to Sbring on hlisosrn';buggy. He then tbied to drive the i ei'" 'andresorted.to various other e exiedients, hut'"all we're unoavaillng, and; being unwillnfi to leave the fair oe on the 1 road, at length' alied her if she could drive. I Replying in tti afilffiative, he requested her to .e 'seelud.tidnt'Ytiiougy, and drive it to Benalli?, .bfhIte iidf'i? red hier palfrey, no doubt pleasantfy rninStating during his five Sniles ride in.the dy's side saddle upon the fortunato' coincidence -which converted hims a for' the nonco from a matter.-f-fact " com mercial '"into:a downright, ladies' man. a' " The storm ,of,Tuesday week was more t serious than we imagsned. It appears that it;blew quite a hirricane from thejunction of' the' Broken Cie -k with the Murray, follwing the course of the creek, and break. lang'off the trees sloing its'banks. Arriving at .the hills bhounding' the Major, thie storm current was divided into two parts, one going on towards Wangaratta and the other coming this way.'. After this division the wind ceased to' be destructive, though very fierce. N'ar the Swamp Hotel, between Longwood and Avenel, the currents' behaved very remark. ably, one two mil 'oii' the Avenel nide of the hotel cutting a track' for itself sme two miles 'in width _right' across the :country, blowing from S.E; Another current tiles in a similar direction a mile on the Longwood side of the same place. 'Each of these storm currents must have blown with great fierce. ness, levelling- the trees in their-course. 'It would be vely interesting ýfo'any soie who could spare the timeo to . collate a, few partieulars relative to 'this i'urio',i'outburst, which has plrovel itself to be so general aid yet so local in its charaoter. A peculiar, phenomenon wasobserved hero on Wednesday 'loiiit jst jti'll 8'o'oloe.e The day had been fearfullyjhit,-"i'blazin'g sun ind hot wind tryin'g ever.body's temper to the utmost. About half-past 7-:two er threepelse of bthtmiider ?rijiheard; and all r hoped for relief. Suddenly a calm ensued, and a peculiar continued rumbling sound was 'distinctly olseirved'"plowly rolling away from the west to the eaet, like the deep volley of suad'ed thunder,which it may have beeo, the peculiarity being that it lasted nearly r three minutes, without the vibration-usual a with thunder, A hot wind blew all thllrdugh the night, which was a fcarfqulone. .'l he Rev. Father M'Gillicuddy has decided to' accept, the charge of WVangratgta and Benalla, and will commence duty in his new sphere with the new year. A whirlwind ofoonsiderable power occurred at Merangan on Tuesday, and carried away a large portion of the roof, whilo the remainder was nearly destroyed. SA,farmeron the Major, nleor to Williams's Hotel, was very near being burnt outon Sunday through the careless use of matches, one of which, thrown down alight, set fire to the grass'nesr his'h iystaok. It wan.a very near thine, anil was,only discovered just in time to save the stack. As the grass is very long 'everywhere; perhaps it may not be out of place to caution persons using waz matchesto blow them otlt after' using them and" before throwing them away. 