A CHAPTER ON HATS. Who first invented tall hats ? Timon of Athens ? No — he was a man hater not a hat-maker. We have it on record that Adam was the first man who wore trousers, or at any rate the apology for trousers ; but as the Devil suggested the propriety of their use, the credit of the invention belongs to him. Whilst mention is made of the discovery of nether garments, nothing is said of capital coverings — for what reason, is not obvious. Tall hats must have been known in Shakespeare's time, for Horatio tells Hamlet in reference to the ghost of his father, that he had a hat on. The pas sage is " 0 yes, my lord ; " he wore his beaver up, but beyond this, we have no further assertion of their existence. Hats are an index of character, and marks of identification. The man " who stole the donkey," was formerly always described as the "man with the white hat;" and these customs still exist in certain places on the appearance of a hat of the prescribed colour. On gold fields, tall hats of any color are greeted with strong marks of disapprobation and ridicule, the favourite expression being "Joe," "Joey," with reverberating echoes, calculated to cause great bewilderment to an innocent wearer. A man who wishes to show the independence of his character, his disregard for conventional etiquette, and cou rage surpassing that of his fellow men, wears " a shocking bad hat." To do this, he must be as rich as Crcesus, or as poor as Diogenes ; he must either be above the world's opinion or below it. Eccentric shapes in particular articles of dress dis tinguish individuals, as well as idiosyncracies of manner, or peculiar ities of features. Dr. L — — g, for instance, and the Duke of Welling ton are both remarkable for the prominence of their facial centre ; the Dr. is further celebrated for the antiquity both in age, and shape of umbrella. So with hats. A reverend Dean of this city has long been famous for the hideousness of his hat, and the master in Equity's head-coverer has long since become a household word. Every man, woman, and child, has seen or heard of "Holroyd's hat," and though we may not admire the abnormity of its shape, we cannot but admire the originality and independence of its owner. "As mad as Holroyd's hatter " is, an expression now used to con vey the idea of lunacy exceeding that to which ordinary hatters are subject. The only way I can account for the proverbial mental aberration of hatters, is the instability of fashion, and the infinite number of shapes, which hatters assume — each bearing a distinct name. To carry such a vocabulary in the mind ready for use at a moment's notice, and by half a dozen different customers at the same time, must cause a rush of hat to the brain. To look at a hat-maker's window at the array of labelled hats, is as good food for an inquiring mind, as the study of the book called " Men of the Time ; " and perhaps better, for in the window we see not only the names of famous men of the time, but also the names of men who are not famous. The Mountcastles and Smiths of the Southern Hemisphere are far behind their European prototypes in the hat nomenclature. None of them have been speculative enough to advertise the Robertson wide- awake, the Macleay aerated hat, or the Ministerial Picnicker. But I digress — Ravenous a nos chapeaux — Imitation is said to be the sincerest form of flattery. With what pride then, must the master in Equity, as he walks our streets, behold, in the fashionable and commonly worn Duke of Edinburgh hat, but a modification of his own peculiar felt. He may boast of himself as a man who has coupled the ordeal which Horace recom mended to poets — " Novem qui perficil annos," and after years of ridicule, has had the proud satisfaction of seeing the shape of his beloved — though much derided hat imitated on the head of royalty. The pluckiest man that ever lived is said to have been the man who first swallowed an oyster, but to my mind, he is far surpassed by the man who wore the first bell-topper. The appearance is not unlike what Diogenes would be with a tub on his head ; and the lantern in the hand of the philosopher is not unhappily represented by the lighted cigar in the mouth of the modern swell. To what end could hats have been invented ? It could not be for ornament, no one admires a black chimney-pot on the top of a chimney. Probably the wearing of hats was coeval with the use of tobacco — though, in the famous " Counterblaste " we find no anathematiz ing of hats as being connected with the use of the noxious narcotic. The fact of men making chimneys of their mouths, perhaps sugges ted to some inventive hat-malcer, the idea of ornamenting the head with a chimney-pot — so that the wearer of a tall hat became synon ymous with a smoker. This rule will hold now-a-days, at any rate, with very few excep tions — that all men who wear tall hats smoke tobacco. Hats could not have been intended for the protection of the brains, for common observation shows us that, very few people are ever troubled with affections of the brain, as there are very few who have any brains to lie affected — more anon. [?] yendys. 