Our Rough, Red Candidate. THE STORY OF A FRENCH ELECTION. [From the Cornhill Magazine.} Certainly the thought of making a " Deputy" (read, French M.P.) of Martin Boulet would never have occurred to any one save Martin Boulet himself; and that the idea should ever have come to him, Martin Boulet, except as the visionary consequence of a too festive supper, was a thing past the reach of comprehension. It even caused no little consternation amongst us when, in that odd dry way he had, our friend announced to us his intention of contesting the seat just vacated by M. de Foie-Gras, who had gone to sleep with his forefathers. I use the consecrated term—one could have heard a pin drop. M. de Foie-Gras had not been buried above ten days, and yet the very night before the Moniteur had come down to us from Paris with the decree convoking the electors of third circumscription of the Departement du Bouillon (i.e., our circumscription) for that day three weeks. This looked like business. By the Constitution of 1852 the Government is allowed to wait six months before issuing a new writ; and a hasty convocation in variably means that the Minister of the Interior fears a close contest, and wishes to leave the Opposition no time for raising the wind. However, the monitorial decree had not taken us by surprise. We had been expeeting it every day since M. de Foie- Gras had been wrapped in his shroud ; aud from the first we had not wasted a moment in getting our fuel ready, and preparing to make things as hot as possible for the Minis terial nominee. Three candidates were in the field. The first was the " eandidat officiel," M. de Foie-Gras, junior, the son of his lamented father, the late member; an enraged Im perialist, of course ; age, 30 ; Knight of the Legion of Honour; ex-Attache at the Court of St. James's; Member of the Jockey Club, &c.; The second was the Legitimist candidate, the noble Count de la Sauce-Piquante, brother of the Duke de la Sauce-Poivree, whose primitive ancestors appear, by documentary evidence, to have flourished about the time of the Deluge. This illustrious personage wore white enamel lilies in guise of shirt-studs, sleeve-links, and waistcoat buttons. He believed emphatically in the divine right of kings ; kept up a monthly correspondence with the Count de Chambord, whom he loyally called "Henri V. and received the Pope's blessing, by telegraph, every year at Easter-time. The third candidate was M. Roinain-Gigot. He was an Orleauist. He had been Prefect of this very Departement du Boulillou before 1848, aud, by zealously serving the policy of M. Guizot, had contributed his fair share towards bringing the dynasty be loved to grief. Become wise in his misfortunes, he had set himself once more to advocate Liberal principles (he had been a Radical before becoming a Prefect), and now offered himself to the electors as an "enlightened friend of Constitutional freedom." Of these three we had not been long in making up our mind which to choose. M. de Foie-Gras, as nominee of the Prefect, was to be resisted tooth and nail, by hand and foot, by hook and crook. The Count de la Sauce-Piquant would have quite enough of the support of the nobility and of the clericals without our having any need to stir in his favour. There remained, then, M. Romain-Gigot, who was not altogether perhaps the stuff of candidate we should have preferred. But, failing crump, one must abide content with crust. M. Gigot was pledged to support the Opposition in case of return; he was a good pleasant fellow; gave first-rate dinners ; and really stood some chance, especially with the tradespeople. After mature deliberation we had decided that he should be our man. How, to understand the state of mental commotion into which the sudden declaration of Martin Boulet threw us, I must explain who "we" were, aud who Martin Boulet was. " we were i»ue writers uu tue bua.11 «jl uue Banner, tlie Opposition organ of Choufleury —Clioufleury being the prefect oral town of the department; and Martin Boulet was our editor. He was a curious editor, however; and I suspect there are not many like him either in France or in any other country. His pet maxim was "chaeun pour soi," each for himself ; and he pushed the practice of this axiom to its very furthest limits. Each individual member of his staff was as free as the air. He never thought of asking any of us to modify our opinions, or to tone . down a single word or a line of our some- j times spitfire articles. The only question | he put us, upon offering us an engagement, I was—"Are you of the Opposition?" And ; when "Yes" had been answered, he left us I to follow our own devices. We might be ' Bonapartist-Liberals, Orleanists, Moderate ! Republicans, deep Radicals, red-hot Social- j ists, or even Legitimists, for all he cared. . We were at liberty to advocate what theories we pleased in the columns of his journal. He never deigned to read anything we wrote until it appeared in print, and when—by virtue of the equitable French law which sentences the editor as well as the author of an offending article to imprisonment—he was sent to Gaol for our misdeeds, he went like a man, without uttering a complaint, and often remarking naively to his Judges that he had not so much as seen the essay for which he was being condemned. Naturally, however, he had his own opinions, and very inveterate ones they were ; but it was precisely these opinions, and the extraordinary nature of them, that made him so placidly indulgent for the ideas of others. Had he wished to find a staff of writers of his own way of thinking, he must have gone on a pilgrimage to meet them; for anything more totally incompre hensible than tbe theories he professed, it would have been impossible to discover. He believed in nothing, positively in nothing. His cool, dry-flavoured scepticism extended. to everything. Constituted authority, under any shape or form, he held in abhorrence, and the very sight of a beadle was^bjec tionable to him as embodying the notion of prerogative. It is not very easy to imagine 'what society would have looked like had he had the ordering of it; but as one of his pet schemes for the government of men involved the abolition of policemen, prisons, and magistrates, and the granting to each citizen of the right of taking the law into his own hands when wronged, it is probable that under his guidance things would have passed off pleasantly. And this was *the man who wished to stand for the constituency which at the last general election had chosen M. de Foie-Gras! What would the ghost of the last member think? M. de Foie-Gras had humbled Ms backbone before three successive dynasties, let aloue the Republic. He cherished the highly proper belief that everything that is, is just as it should be. Charles X., Louis Philippe, the Government of 1848, and Napoleon III., had all, turn by turn, been tbe objects of his affection, and not a doubt but that if a fourth dynasty had sprung up he would have welcomed it with pleasure. The generous opinions of this exemplary citizen had earned for him all sorts of honours at the hands of consecutive Governments, and a reputation for the highest respectability at the hands of the community. His doctrine of passive obedience to the Powers that be had been carefully inculcated by him upon mankind through the medium of many eloquent speeches, and his constituent* had been really proud to entrust their interests to so great a personage during an unbroken period of thirty years. There was even some talk of erecting a statue to bim, now that he was dead and gone, in order to perpetuate his memory. None of us ventured to say that we thought Martin Boulet mad when he talked of standing for Choufleury, but 1 am sure most of us thought so. We were all gathered together at the office, revising our proof-skps for that evening's impression. I, personally, had just finished a palpitating article, in which I compared "our man," Romain Gigot, casting him«3lf into the electoral gulf, to Marcus Curtius devoting himself pro bono publico. I allowed the pen to fall from my handj my colleagues lapsed into silence; and, as "I have said before, one would have heard a pin drop. Little J ales Tartine, who presided over the department of " Theatrical Intelligence" in the Banner, was the first to recover. " Good joke," he said, nibbling the end of hisqailL " No joke at all," replied Martin Boulet, in his quiet voice. " This scheme has been maturely ripening in my brain for some time East. I have tried to imagine what would e the face of our Prefect Cornichon if I were elected. And the temptation of throw ing that man into a state of delirium for the next three weeks is too strong to be resisted. I never was more serious in my life. I intend to stand; and I have just drawn up my address. Shall I read it you 1" We declared unanimously^that we were impatient to hear the -perusal of this document, and in the most natural way possible Martin Boulet began as follows :— " * TO THE ELECTORS OF THE THIRD CIRCUM SCRIPTION OF THE DEPT. DU BOUILLON. " ' Gentlemen — The surprise you will probably feel at my presenting myself as a candidate for your suffrages will be only equalled by my own astonishment in the case you should elect me. For having never in my life supported a Minister of any kind, nor bowed down to a sovereign, nor cnt capers on the floors of princely antechambers to be rewarded with a bit of red ribbon, I am well conscious of my deplorable inferiority to our late esteemed member, who cultivated to such rare perfection the arts of which I humbly avow my ignorance. " ' In these days of mechanical progress, when "Paternal Governments" are good enough to lay down grooves in which thought and speech, literature and art, reading and writing, are made to run; in these happy days, when full liberty is given us to cry "bravo !" till we are hoarse at everything that is done by our rulers, and when a safe road to fortune is open to all who will leave their convictions at the toll-gate, it requires some perverseness of mind and—must I say it also—not a little crookedness of character to declare oneself otherwise than perfectly ; satisfied with all one sees around one. "'That "Empire" means "Peace" is amply proved by the reassuring fact that since his present Majesty has deigned to govern us he has signed peace no less than five times with different Powers against whom he has first made war. " ' That the present regime is one of liberty is no less established by the total freedom of action displayed by our Prefects in the sup pression of newspapers, in the prohibition of public meetings, and in the enlightened prosecutions of all men suspected of having ideas. " 'And that the credit of the reigning dynasty does not admit of a moment's doubt, can be incontrovertibly proved by these facts :—that for seventeen consecutive years our State Budgets have been showing deficits varying from forty millions to a hundred and fifty millions of francs per annum ; that three new loans have been issued : that our National Debt has been nearly doubled; and that, notwithstanding these trifling circum stances, which would have been more than enough to swamp ten Governments in any land but ours, the Emperor is still on his throne, the Ministers continue to hold their posts, and the faith in them is still so little shaken that, if they wanted to borrow more money to-morrow, they would find plenty of idiots to lend it them. " ' Gentlemen, I will not trouble you with the articles of my belief. What I have said must sufficiently convince you of my deep admiration for imperial institutions. Should, however, more proofs be needed, I have only to add that I am indebted to the Empire for having, on fifteen different occasions since the year 1851, been lodged and boarded at the State expense in the model Gaol of this city; that six years of hospitality have thus been afforded me by instalments; and that, humbly conscious of never having done any thing but speak the truth, I am still wonder ing to this day what can have procured me the honour of these frequent and flattering attentions. " ' I am, Gentlemen, " 1 Your obedient servant, "' M artin- Boulet, "Editor of tlie Bannilre de Chouflewry" "You will never dare to issue such an address as thatwe all cried out in chorus. Our editor made no answer, but rose and touched the bell. One of the printer's devils appeared. "Take that," said Martin Boulet; "and let the compositors set to work on it as soon as possible. I want 50,000 copies of it under form of circulars by this time to-morrow, and 5,000 copies under form of placards, with red letters, this very evening." This said, he turned to us calmly, and drawing a cigar from the depths of his pockets, remarked preparatory to lighting it— " I say, my friends, I think we are going to see some hot work ; and I shouldn't wonder if, before long, I was under lock and key again. However, you know my maxim, chacun pour soi. I mean to plead my own cause every day in the first column of the Banner ; and you fellows will have the rest of the paper to yourselves as before. None of you need support me. Fight for your own men as much as you please. Write against me even if you like." He struck a match. I am off to the Prefecture," he added, opening the door. " I am going to apprize M. Cornichon of my intention. It wouldn't surprise me much if I took away his appetite." And without a word more he departed. We remained staring stupidly at each other for a whole minute without opening our mouths. At last it was Jules Tartine, as before, who found something to say. " Good joke," he exclaimed. " Excellent," drily echoed Claude Toquet, who did the police news ; "but, either I'm much mistaken, or Martin Boulet will have two years of imprisonment, and a ten thousand francs' fine, if he gets himself pro secuted again. I heard what old Dindon, the Judge, said to him the last time, when he gave him twelve months for his article on Napoleon le Petit, 'You're driving on the straight road to Cayenne, M. Boulet. I l advise you to take care.'" "Bah! that's his own look-out," cried , Jacques Meringue, who wrote the feuilleton. "Martin Boulet knows what he's doing. I vote we support him." " Of course," exclaimed Tartine. "Wehaveno choice," saidToquet; "but, in for a penny in for a pound. Hand me the pen, Henri, and let us brew a leader between us for Martin Boulet." " Make it hot," cried Meringue. " And strong," shouted Tartine. As for myself, I looked disconsolately for a moment at my article on Romain- Gigot and Marcus Curtius, and then tore it stoically in twain. " Hurrah for Martin Boulet," I exclaimed, " et Vive la Republique 1" II. According to the Constitution of 1852, to which I have already alluded, there is one deputy per circumscription; and each cir cumscription is supposed to number not less than 35,000, and not more than 52,500, voters. As, however, none are counted as voters hut those who are registered, and as a great many people are too careless to go through the registering formalities, it gene rally happens that a member of the Corps Legislatif represents from 50,000 to 60,000 adult males; that is, women and children included, a population of perhaps 150,000 or 200,000 souls. This was the case with our circumscription, which comprised no less than 232 communes (municipalities), and boasted 49,000 duly registered electors, It is easy to understand that, in con stituencies of this sort, a personal canvass from door to door, as the fashion is in Eng land, must be out of the question, The third circumscription cf the Departe ment du Bouillon was composed of the most heterogeneous elements. Choufleuiy, its chief town, was a manufacturing city with a population of 60,000 inhabitants. But it was also an archbishopric, and the Radical tendencies that usually pervade manufactur ing centres were, therefore, kept pretty firmly in check by the influence of the clergy. It is impossible that there should exist a cathedral, a dean and chapter, a vigorous-minded prelate, and a College of Jesuits in any town without this army of holy men exercising an influence on the things around them. The Archbishop of Choufleory happened to be one of the lights of the Romish Church. It was impossible to find a seat in the cathedral on the Sundays. when he preached; and he was known to be one of those intractable priests who have a will of their own, and the courage to use it. At the former election he had supported the Government candidate, M. de Foie-Gras. The fact is, he was then angling judiciously for a cardinal's hat, a distinction which entails a seat in the Senate. The Cardinal's hat had been obtained, and now, His Eminence having nothing more to expect in the way of earthly dignities, was just the sort of man to turn round upon the Govern ment and say, with his unctuous smile "My conscience forbids me to uphold any but a true friend of the Church." The true friend of the Church being, of course, in this case, the Count de la Sauce-Piquante, who was of high lineage and held Ultramontane views. The Imperial Government is always undergoing misadventures of this sort. It sets eyes upon an eloquent cure, who seems devoured with Bonapartist zeal. It pro motes him to a Bishopric, decorates him with the Legion of Honour, persuades the Pope to make him a Cardinal; and then, lo, and behold! when all this has been done, the fine white sheep turns out to be a black one; the ardent Bonapartist becomes a Legitimist, a partisan of the vieille noblesee, a fervent servant of the Court of Rome! With regard to the manufacturing popu lation, there were three great houses. employing from 1,500' to 2,000 hands each. In a general way the masters might count upon the support of their workmen. Not that the workmen were particularly attached to their employers, but that the latter exer cised a very sharp supervision on the voting day. Each master sent his foreman, or went in person, to stand by the ballot-box. As the workmen came up turn by turn and handed their voting-papers to the Mayor, note was taken of those whose bulletins were blue or yellow instead of white- (the latter being the Government colour), and the next day they were sure to be politely dismissed to their hearths and homes. It has frequently been asked in the Corps Legis latif why the Opposition should not be allowed to have white papers as well as the Government, in order that the ballot may be really secret. But this question is obviously indiscreet, and the Government has never thought good to answer it. At the last election of Mi de Foie-Gras the manufacturers had, like our eminent Ardibishop, Cardinal Finemouche,.supported the official candidate. At that time they were particularly anxious abouta new line of rail which the Government had-promised to lay down, at Chcnfleury; an-d- the. Minister of the Interior had clearly hinted that the only way of obtaining the aforesaid line of rail would be to- return M. de- Foie-Gras. This-had been quite sufficient. But now the new line had been- laid, and; as the manu facturers were in no particular-need, of any thing- for the moment,, it was- jiist possible that .they too might discolor they had consciences, and vote which way they pleased. The tradesmen of Choufleury numbered all liiiwfe of opinions in. their nx&a; but the large majority of them would probably lean towards M. Bomain-Gigot, whs- was a fellov to-wnsinan of their's, bred and born at Choufleury, aud a stanch advocate of the thoughts and interests of the bourgeoisie, or middle class. I come now to the rustic population—the bumpkin hordes around- Choufleury,—who, out of the 49,000 voters of the circumscrip tion, formed a preponderating mass of about 30,000. These worthy people were coated with a fine solid crust of ignorance, a good inch thick. Under this crust there were two deep layers of pighe&dedness; and stupidity; and if one dug a little- further, one came upon a few successive strata of bigotry, super stition, and naive greediness. It was a pleasure to see them vote. The Cure of then parish would go round the village, in com pany with the Mayor, and distribute the official bulletins. " You know what to do with this, my man ?" would say the representatives of Church, and State together. " Ho," would answer the bumpkin. " Well, then, you are to come to the incthxiA in ten days from this, and give it back to us." " Is that all, Sir?" "Yes, that's all, my man. Only you must be mindful what you are about," would add the Cure, sternly. " Some heretics are prowling about the neighbourhood, trying to win souls to the devil. Some of them may come to you, and offer you a blue ora yellow paper of this kind. Be careful tc burn it at once ; for if you kept it so much as an hour, it would cost you a hundred years of hell. You don't much want to go to hell, do you ?" " God forbid ! Monsieur le Cure." "Nor to the guillotine?" would insinuate the Mayor; " for those same heretics who are coming this way, maybe to-morrow or the next day, are Bed Republicans, who drink nothing but blood. What they want to do is to set up a guillotine in every village, in order to cut off the heads of the peasants, and then to take their property. " They'd better not show themselves here then," would bellow the unhappy bumpkin, turning pale ; "for, by our Holy Lady, I'll rip them open with my pitchfork J" . . . Ko more magic than this was needed when the Government and the clergy were of one mind about a candidate. This had always been the case hitherto. But it was difficult to foresee what would happen if the Arch bishop of Choufleury were to patronise the Count de la Sauce-Piquante in opposition to M. de Foie-Gras, junior, the official nominee. The priests and the Mayors would then he at loggerheads in each one of the 232 com munes ; for in the same way as a French Mayor owes his post to the Prefect, and may he dismissed from it without warning, so also a French Cure {i.e., vicar) owes his cure to his diocesan, and may be sent to the right about at a simple nod from the latter. It is needless to remark that in ease of electoral disobedience, the nod would be given. This brief sketch of our position will serve to show the state of complete uncertainty in which we all stood on the day when Martin Boulet put himself forward as candidate. The issue of things depended mainly on Cardinal Finemouche. If this holy man consented to support the Government, M. de Foie-Gras would unquestionably be returned i by an overpowering majority ; the 30,000 rustics, led on by the Mayors and priests, • would vote for him without flinching. If, however, the conscientious prelate chose to bestow his favour upon the noble Count do la Sauce-Piquante, the question would remain . an open one. The suffrages would be about equally split into three hatches,—one voting with the Mayors, the other with the clergy, and the third with the tradespeople. Martin Boulet might possibly pick up a few crumbs from tbese three cakes. But as to being elected, the thing was so completely beyond the range of probability that had we French been a betting people I for my part would have cheerfully laid 500 to 1 against him. Happily for me'we French are not a betting people. IH. It was on Monday afternoon that Martin Boulet paid his visit to the Prefect, Cornickon. On the Tuesday those who had occasion to see this exalted functionary remarked that there was a look of care upon his brow. M. Cornichon was a man of "order." Having been an ardent Republican in his youth, he had of course turned the most despotic of Prefects in his riper years. He looked upon the sceptic, Martin Boulet, as a most dangerous, ill-conditioned traitor, and he really regretted—the honest man—that there was no article of the Code Napoleon which would have allowed the Government to hang ln'm without the superfluous formalities of judgment. There was something of a personal feeling, too, in this hitter hatred; for Martin Boulet was one of the most clever , writers in the French Press, and of all the men upon whom he most loved to exercise j his caustic wit, M. le Prefet Cornichon was the first. The Banner was a daily paper, but one day out of the seven had been especially set aside for squibs against the Prefect. As sure as each Wednesday came round, M. Gornichon might read a leader about himself in the first two columns of our journal, and the signature of the leader was invariably. that of Martin Boulet. There was something diabolical in this choice of Wednesday- Had any other day been selected for these pitiless attacks, M. Cornichon might not have cared so much, bht Wednesday was market-day. All the farmers of the neighbourhood came into the town on Wednesdays, and most of them would buy a newspaper to serve them for their week's reading. Now there were three newspapers to choose from—ours, the Mitre, which was the clerical organ, and the Imperial, the Prefect's own journal. Of course, all manner of hindrances were thrown into the way of the Banner to impede its sale. The Prefect, making use of the dis cretionary powers conferred upon him by the laws of 1852 on the Press, used to prohibit the newsboys from selling the Banner in tbe public streets. Those who wanted the paper were obliged to come to the office for it, or to go to one of tbe five booksellers-' shops in the town of Choufleury. This was inconvenient. The office was some way off from the market place, and two out of the live booksellers refused to take our paper for fear of losing : the Prefect's patronage. Nevertheless, ours was somehow the journal which always sold best. On ordinary occasions it cost twenty centimes (2d.), but on market-days-the price was lowered to a penny. In addition to this, the Wednesday's number contained a careful summary of tke weeKs news, two letters from humorous correspondents at Paris and Marseilles,. and quotations- as to the prices of wheat, barley, and beefrroot upon all the markets of Europe. It was an understood ' thing that we writers on the staff were to I take particular pains aboat our Wednesday articles ; all ©ur choicest anecdotes were laid by for that day, and if there- was a good tit bit of scandal amongst the local news it was sure to come out on that- lucky market morning. The- prefecture! gazette did all it could to keep pace with us ; but it was no As for the Mitre, it was a very quiet sort of journal; it kept its prise- invariably at threepence, appeared but occe a week and' made no attempt to compete- with us. Oa market-day we usually sold five thousand copies of the Banner, and the - Prefect used to blaspheme. (toe will readily understand; therefore, the intense disgust which was felt by M. Cornichon whe» Martin Bouiet's visit was announced him. Thinking at first that the editor, of the Banner had beem subjected to some- police annoyance and was come to complain of it, h&made; up his- features into a sardonic grin, and.prepared with as much bitterness as possible to send. Ms enemy about, his business. The first words of Martim Boulet felb upon him like-a .bucket of iced water:— " I shall not detain you long,. Monsieur le Prefefc I'm only come to tell you. that I'm goingcto stand for-Choufleury. Bray be good enougfi-to mention: the fact to those whom it may concern. Good morning.' He was about to - retreat without awaiting an answer, when. M. Cornichon,. who had bounded, to Ms feet and turned very red, stopped; him by &. wave of the hand: " Is-tMs a hoa-x.?" he hissed.. Martin Boulet. looked at him. as though astonished, "You are the last person L should ever think. o£ j okiug with, "he said;. laughing. "Because if it be not a licax," continued the Prefect, working himself into a state of fury, "it is an act of frivolous.and vexatious miscMef.. You know as well as.I that your chances.of being-: elected are absolutely null., and y.our only object in coming forward must be a desire to create disorder. I look upon this as. a personal insult towards myself.."' "Youare perfectly at liberty to do so," replied the editor drily. "■And I shall act M consequence," wsnifc oil the Prefect in a menacing-tone. "I quite counted upon, that," rejoined Martin Boulet coolly. " You will see, Sir, what it costs-to beard the Government," burst out M. Coruichon, growing redder and redder. You have: been locked up at least ten times, " "Fifteen times," said Martin Boulet modestly. "At least fifteen times,. Sir, lint yen liave not done yet with fines, and imprisonment. I will make yon bitterly rue the d»y when you thought yourself a match for me. Monsieur Martin Boulet,. I will show you what a Prefect can do. "And I, Monsieur le Prefet," answered Martin Boulet with exquisite politeness—" I will show you what a man of wit can do. You declare war against me ?" " You will see. Sir—you will see.1" " Very well, 1 accept the challenge. You, with your ^twenty dozen of Mayors, your brigade of police, and your absolute authority —1, with my simple quill pen—each of us will do our best ^ and three weeks hence we shall see who, is the winner." Martin Boulet made a most courteous how and withdrew. That night he remained sitting up writing until four o'clock in the morning. "When we saw him at mid- day he was correcting with great care the proofs of an enormously long article, which was evidently intended to take up a whole page of the paper. Before sending it to print he handed it us to read. We remained stupefied upon finding that it was a eulogy in six columns on Cardinal Finemouche! " Read on, read on," cried our editor, silencing our exclamations, "you will see what I am driving at." We read on and we did see. Martin Boulet had headed his article : " An Earnest Appeal to True Catholics." He began "by adverting to the coming election, the which, said he, would he one of the most important ever witnessed. Whatever certain people might say, the contest must undoubtedly be looked upon as one between Religion and Irreligion, between Faith and Scepticism, between Catholicism and Voltairianism. The Goverment had put forward as its candidate a young man with a godless soul. (Here followed a smart summary of the life of M. de Foie-Gras, junior, the gay sportsman of the Paris Jockey Club, the idolized favourite of the betting-ring, the green-room, and the gambling- table, "who had probably not so much as set foot within a church for the last ten years.") Was this the sort of candidate to bring forward in an archbishopric Must not our eminent prelate feel grievously shocked at such a want of regard on the part of the Ministry, and could he honestly reconcile it with his conscience to give his holy support to a young, man who would so ill represent the Catholic spirit of this evan gelical diocese ? (Here an eloquent account of the good done "by the worthy Archbishop since he had held the see, and a touching history of liis life, in which Jean Joseph Finemouche was compared to St. John, his patron saint, to Thomas Aquinas, to St. Augustine, to Fenelon, to Bossuet, &c.; &c.; &c.;) We might he divided upon the subject of politics, went on the wily journalist, but there could be but one opinion in this diocese on the subject of religion. If there had ever lived a sceptic in Choufleury, that man must have been converted from the very morning when Archbishop Finemouche preached his first sermon in the cathedral. It was impossible to hear the saintly prelate and not feel touched to the souL Cardinal Finemouche was one of the pillars of Catholicism, one of the beacon-stars of the faithful, the John Chrysostom of the nine teenth century; and it was clearly his duty towards the Church he so well served to choose from amidst his flock a man of virtuous living to represent the third circum scription in the Legislative Chamber. Martin Boulet wound up by declaring that he personally had put himself forward as candidate, hut that his doing so must only be construed as a protestation against the candidature of M. de Foie-Gras; that he had, in honest truth, not the slightest wish or ambition to become a deputy; and that he should withdraw at once in favour of any j Catholic-Liberal (the Count de la Sauee j Piquante, M. Romain-Gigot, or M. Baudet, ! for instance) whom it might please the Arch bishop to support. ! Except on Wednesdays, when it appeared I at 11 a. m., the Banner was usually published \ at five in the afternoon. At four o'clock oifl* the day following Martin Boulet'§ visit tojthe Prefect, a. Commissary of PoEce and four ] gendarmes walked into the office to seize the paper. Martin Boulet received them smilingly, offered a seat to the Commissary, j and put that day's Banner into his hands, J with the meek request to know what there could possibly he in the paper to* merit a i seizure. The Commissary could scarcely ] believe his eyes. He had made so sure that there would be some outrageous leader in favonr of Martin Boulet's candidature, that he had not thought it worth the while to wait until the paper was offered for sale. He had i received his orders from the Prefect, and had come straightway to the office. The " Appeal to Trne Catholies" staggered him ; he turned stupidly over the pages of the j journal, but could not find a single line with j which to find fault. Martin Boulet had suppressed everything we bad-written about | himself. The paper was entirely made up of ■ laudatory articles about the clergy, the j Count de la Sauce- Piquante, M. Somain G-igot, and a certain M. Baudet, of whom more anon. The Commissary of Police made a fearful I grimace. It was not the Prefect's game to offend the Archbishop or the .Legitimist Count. The former was too powerful, and the latter was one of those ancient noblemen whom the Court desired) to conciliate. He felt he had put his foot into a trap. How ever, it was impossible to retreat. He would become the laughing-stock of the whole town, if, after coming to gather wool, he went away shorn. A Frenchman dreads ridicule more than anything. " Seize the paper he said in a hoarse tone1 to his gendarmes. The soldiers obeyed,, took up the papers, still damp from the press;. by armfuls, carted them solemnly into a wheelbarrow, and stalked! off with them to> the police-station, Martin Boulet gratified himself with a horn pipe, and fifty minutes- afterwards a new edition cf- the Banner was- flooding the town. Its four pages were blanks with the exception of the following lines that appeared in large ■ type on the frontispiece :— "At foror o'clock this afternoon the Banner was seized by the police- according to the : special ordfers of Monsieur Gbrnichon. The cause of tMs arbitrary set is a leader in which, speaking out of the- fulness of our admiration, we had alluded to the well known virtues of our believed Archbishop, and the just influence which those virtues ! have earned for him throughout the length i and breadth of this diocese;. We were pre ifectly well aware of the- indifference—we : might almost, say the aversion-—which is felt by our Prefect for all matters regarding ' religion. In ISdS, at the time,when he was ■ yet a Republican, he made-no secret of his Voltairian prcelivities. Buhwe should never have thought that he would; so far have for : gotten what is due to the dignity of his office as to have put bis public authority at the service of his private antipathies. We speak more in> sorrow than- in anger. We regret to see a- man of such real merit as M. Cornicbon so completely led away by his anti-Catholic propensities. And we espe : cially deplore that in the- present instance . His passion shsuld not have"allowed him to reflect that, whilst aiming only at the Church, he was-in reality insulting our ven erable prelate,, and so inxurring the grave censure of ah; who call themselves be , Hewers." This shot firstly Martin Bbulet slipped on ! liis dress-clothss, put on a white cravat and. ; white gloves, and. boltecG off to the Arch ' bishopric with a printed copy of the in : terdicted leader in his pocket. What passed) betwixt him and' the Cardinal he never told1 us ; but this ia- certain, that His Eminence;, who had only wanted a pretext for support ing the noble Count de la Sauce, caught adroitly at that offered him by our editor; The Prefect cculd not deny that the Banner had been seized-; and it would have been idle to pretend that it had been seized by a mistake. The- Cardinal had a right to. con sider himself insulted. He thanked hSarsin. Boulet in bis dlilcet veice for "having;man fully braved persecution on account &t; the Church hc-gave- him his episcopal blessing, and asked him fa> dinner. The next dhy the Mitre contained a. paragraph which threw the whole of Cheuflenry into a state of commo tion. The- clerical organ declared in categorical terms that all true Catholics must vote against M. de Foie-Gras. This was "first blood" to Mariiih. Bbulet. {To be continued.] 