THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS. THE Epistle from the yearly meeting held in London, by adjournments from the 19th of the fifth month to the 28th. of the same inclusive, 1869. To the Quarterly and Monthly Meetings of Friends in Great Britain, Ireland, and elsewhere. Dear Friends,-We saluto you in the love of Christ, desiring that His grace may enrich your hearts, and cause you to bring forth fruit to His praise. If Christ be anything to us, He must be all. The cruci- fied Jesus is still the rest and the sanctuary of the people of God. One with the Father, He is also the Word made flesh. For this cause, He is not ashamed to call them brethren whom He hath redeemed. In a life of spotless righteousness ; in all the ministries of compassion and love ; ; in the endurance of shame and reproach; holy, harmless, undefiled ; He marked out and consecrated for his followers the path in which He would have them to tread. But not alone as truly God, and as the perfect man by whom all righteousness was fulfilled, is the Lord Jesus, the founda- tion and the corner stone of the Christian Church. He is the Sacrifice for sin ; He is the Great High Priest who "by his own blood" entered "into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us," and who ever liveth our Mediator and Advocate in the presence of God. Beloved friends, how inestimable is the price that has been paid; how deep aeo our obligations in having been the objects of such love ; and how solemn are the words of warning to those who neglect so great salvation. Shall it be said of any of us in the day of final reckoning, that they have "counted the blood of the covenant an unholy thing, and done despite unto the Spirit of grace?" Rather may it be the blessed experience of all, to wash in the fountain so freely set open, that they may be purged from their old sins, and rcceive through the Spirit a new nature having its fruit unto holiness. A belief in the immediate operation of the Spirit of God upon the heart has ever been a prominent feature of our profession. In pressing upon our dear friends the import- ance of a firm faith in this fundomental truth, we desire not to forget that the work of the Spirit must never be separated from the work of our Lord and Saviour. It is He who baptises with the Holy Ghost. The Spirit is the promise of the Father, the purchase of the Saviour's love. It is the office of the Spirit to testify of Jesus; to prepare the humbled penitent for the acceptance of free pardon and reconciliation "through faith in His blood." The Spirit quickens to a new life, wherein the believer is designed to grow up into an ever increasing conformity to the image of his Lord. To claim to be a Christian, and to disclaim the testimony or authority of Christ Jesus, either as to the truth declared concerning him in the inspired record of Holy Scripture, or as to His right to reign over us, involves an obvious contradiction. "He is thy Lord, worship thou Him," is the witness of the Spirit concerning Jesus in the believing soul. He who is unborn in a spiritual sense can have no entrance into the kingdom of God. The words admit of no exception, "Ye must be born again." That which the natural man cannot comprehend is revealed to the babes. To him who is humbled as a little child in the presence of the infinitely holy God, the grace and truth which came by Jesus Christ are made precious; and the words of the Redeemer are fulfilled, "He that followoeh me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life." Our Lord and Master claims not a partial, but an entire allegiance. His yoke must be ever upon us. In the continued exercise of patience and of that faith which is childlike trust, the character of the Christian is matured. Watching unto prayer with thanksgiving, he rejoices in hope. Walking in the Spirit, he accepts the duties, the conflicts, the trials of this life as a hallowed preparation for that blessed state where love shall serve without weari ness and with perfected praise. Individual subjection to Christ, under the guidance of the Holy Spirit, is intimately connected with our fruitful ness as a Church. If the world governs us, we cannot bring forth fruit unto God. We long to encourage all to a life of holy dedication, whereineoven our ordinary duties, performed in Love to Christ, will become so many oppor- tunities of serving Him. The present is a day of gracious visitation. We rejoice in the many evidences of re newed love and zeal within our borders. What ought we to desire, dear friends, both younger and older, but unreserved consecration to our Lord? His work is ever a humbling work, bringing low and keeping low. But with all the contlicts attending it, it is not without its joy -a joy often largely partaken of in sanctified tribulation. The Christian's training is not for his own sake only, but that he may be taught to sym- pathise with others. Shrink not from the heavenly disci- pline. Be willing to be cast into the furnace, that He who is trying you may bring you forth as gold. And may you, dear friends, who bear a public testimony for your Lord, keep very near unto Him. Be willing to feel the weight of the service, as well as its privileg. Watch against the manifold workings of self. They that are truly subject to the influence of the Spirit know the value of being also subject to one another in love, and will ever cherish a tender regard for the experience nnd counsel of others. Our sympathy is awakened for those who may be strug- gling under burdens little known save unto the Searcher of hearts; with whom the anxieties of business, the care of maintaining a family, the weight of worldly engagements, are felt as a heavy load. Dear friends, your Father in heaven knoweth all your need. He never designed that you should bear your burdens unaided of Him. Commit your way unto Him in humble trust. How appropriate is the prayer, " Let integrity and uprightness preservo me, for I wait on Thee." "Rest in the Lord and wait patiently for Him," that He may guide you by his counsel, and that you may receive from Him your daily portion according to your need. Let care never prevail over faith. Though some of you may think that you can do but little for your Lord, He is honoured in a course of daily submission, of patient continuance in well- doing, and of that thankful trust in which the promise is applied, "I will never leave thee nor forsake thee." And let the words of our Redeemer have their due place with us all, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousnees." The Christian engaged in business is bound to transact it not only with diligence and integrity, and on principles essentially sound, but in the fear of the Lord, and in dependence upon His counsel. It ought not to steal away the heart, or unduly absorb the time and affec tions. Consider, dear friends, how short and uncertain is the day of your earthly probation and service. May wealth or position never be your object in life. "If riches in crease, set not your heart upon them," but be largely bountiful, as God hath prospered you. Watch care fully lest that which may have boen origin- ally Christian prudence degenerate into the habit and the love of accumulation. Guard against an enfeebling indulgence even in lawful things. In the furni- ture of your houses, in your personal habits, in the scale of your expenditure, keep within the bounds of an enlightened conscience; seeking in all things to be good stewards, ready to devote both time and money to the service of Christ. Great are the blessings of Christian marriage. May no right union be unduly delayed by overmuch carefulness as to provision for the future. It would be far indeed from our desire to encourage a hasty and ill-advised procedure in this important matter; but we fear that, in the present day of increasing luxury and ease, there may have been a tendency, from considerations of mere wordly prudence, too long to defer unions, which, with moderate views and simpler faith, might have been productive of mutual help and joy, spiritual as well as temporal. Of all the influences bestowed by God upon man, one of the most important and responsible is that of the parent. Filial submission is the first commandment with promise; and the Divine precept to the child involves the obligation on the parent so to walk before his children as to be worthy of the honour and obedience thus enjoined. Be encouraged, dear friends who are parents, to fulfil this obligation. Pray earnestly, and in faith, for the wisdom of which you must feel the want. Remember that in entrusting you with children, your Father in heaven has devolved upon you the high privilege of nurturing them for himself. In the words of George Fox, "We esteem it a duty incumbent upon us, to pray with and for, to teach, instruct, and admonish those in and belonging to our families; this being a command of the Lord, the dis- obedience whereunto will provoke His displeasure." No religious teaching or training is likely to be so effectual as that which proceeds from the loving heart, and is con firmed by the consistent walk, of the Christian parent. Our attention has been again called to the subject of reading. Our books are our companions, associated with our most retired thoughts, and never more influential than when we are nlone. We would caution our members against all writings, the tendency of which may be to weaken their allogiance to Christ, to create a disesteem or disrelish for Holy Scripture, or in any other way to enfeeble their capacity for engaging with sober earneatness in the duties of life. And let parents and teaohers watch care- fully over the books and periodicals introduced into the family, and seek opportunities for directing the minds of the young to the perusal of such of the lives and writings of our faithful friends, and of others of the Lord's devoted servants, as may serve to instruct and confirm them in the knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus, and in a course of heartfelt experience under the teaching of the Holy Spirit. The progress of public opinion in this country, and of legislation on ecclesiastical questions, has been of late in the direction of the views long maintained by our society. On the continent of Europe, the course of events has sig- nally tended to favour religious liberty, the circulation of the Holy Scriptures, and the diffusion of the knowlodge of the truth by means of the Press. We note these changes with thankfulness. The testimony to the supreme authority of Christ in the Church, and against all usurpation of man in the things of God, - the principle that religion is a mat- ter between man and his Maker, and that therefore con- science must be free, - are still precious to us as they were to our forefathers, and we earnestly exhort our members to continued steadfastness therein. May our dear friends take their full share of interest in the increased facilties afforded for the circulation of the Scriptures and religious tracts, not only at home, but also in countries now, for the first time, and we know not for how long, open to receive them. We would especially encourage friends travelling abroad or frequenting watering-places, to keep in view the require- ments of their Christian profession, to uphold them with consistency, and to make diligent use of the varied oppor- tunities for good thus opened before them. Our meeting has been large, and our hearts have been at times made thankful under a sense of uniting fellowship. The testimonies concerning deceased frionds who have long laboured for their Lord, have been so many instructivo me- morials of his faithfulness and love, exemplifying, in different positions and in varied lines of service, the workings of his manifold grace. The Epistles received from our dear friends in Ireland and in America give evidence of their continued love and zeal, and in several places a considerable accession of members, on the ground of conviction, is reported. It is our prayer that it may please the Lord to cause His Spirit to flow forth as an ever deepening and widening stream, quicken- ing to new life, making every wilderness like Eden, and every desert like the gardon of the Lord. May His will be done, and may His work prosper amongst us; may our hearts be more and more knit together in faith, and in love to Christ, and may we be prepared, as a living Church, to unite with the redeemed who have gone before, in as- cribing "Blessing and honour and glory and power unto Him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb " Signed in and on behalf of the meeting, JOSEPH CROS FIELD, clerk to the meeting this year. TEMrEKAisCE HALL CoNCEMs-A complimentary concert, tendered to Mrs J. T Robertson, is, wo observe, ntl ver used to tako placo this evening, at the "temperance Hall, Pitt-street Iho programme is varied and attraotivo. WOOL Scouiti*.a-Wo havo iust received a sample of Mr Cattons scoured wool (sayB tho Fasioral Times) exnibited by him at tho Hoy Pastoral Show, and which obtaiEcd tho approval of nearly all tho squatters present, for tho perfection of tho scouring and sorting-the yolk re- tained, libro uninjured, length and character corroot, und Iho wool while to a Bhado, soft and silky. At tho P istorol ^how dinner, Mr Cummings spoko in commondation of tho skill displajcd in getting up of this wool Wo hoar that Mr Cotton has complotcd his arrangements so as to bo on ubled to scour from 100 to 120 bales nor wook No chemicals such as soda or potash are used m cleaning wool bj (his process A NO-VEL STUIKB.-Perhaps our coal compamos might feel interested in the following statement during times of dcpresBion It is copied from an English jouinnl -"For once there may bo seen iu oporntion a striko which em- ployers nnd workpeople bavo combined to arrango The maisters havo oven offered (o contribute to tho support of (ho workmen if they will only keep out on strike Tho fccno of this experiment is tho principal coal region of PcnnByUania, and tho object, of course, is to "starve" tho market, and BO forco up prices There oro now about 20,000 miners on Btriko, but (hoy make no demand for increase of wages, nor havo they assigned any causo for dissatisfaction Iho trick promised to bo BUCCOBBÍUI, for coal at onco ndvanood from tifiy cents to a dollar per ton It WIIB Ihought that letter results still might bo achieved if the colliery owners and minera could continue to agroo so pi a«nntlj Porhapi the invention may not be wholly new in this couudy, but it has mt cr been tried hero on so extensivo a scale The fbnm strikes of Pennsylvania aro like.lv lo gun tho sanio , sort of notoricly as that which Connecticut long enjoyed, perhaps undeservedly, for its wooden nutmeg's and hams." 