NEWS AND NOTES Br A SYDNEY MAN. I From tkt Courier.) Talking of the ghost-a jest which most people here, I Buqpect, «re heartily sick ofj lilt concerning which I am in clinedtso think that we ahall hearn great deal mow before long1-the CdminltteeoF the Legislative Council,on th^'conepiracy question have concluded their inquiries so. well, as they could, considering that Mr. Martin would not attend to give evidence. This TOiik'e Styiney Punch has a good half cartoon-on this subject. It represent* Ur. Macleay las a policeman, tapping, Mfwtp-a/foemMr of the " dan-. gerem«;la80"A|>£a^e!ftly-on the shoulder, with " Now theifccamealong-the Select Committee's waiting for your evideaoe." To which Martinrespondi; " An they P Then they'll have to wait. Do you e'pose a chap's going to split on bii pals." It is not bad. At all e,rents Mtyrlin's refusal to attendlooksBtrangi?, especially as he, on his own responsibility, drafted the ex treme clattkes of the Treaiot Felony Act, and declaredithem to be necessary. The ?elect committee were summoned for this day, to consider the drait report; and it has been said-forftese things will ooze out-that the reportT drafted is dead againBtjfarkss'; declaring the positive be-; lief oftheiCpihtwtU* that no, conspiracy oftWkind alleged had ever existed here, and ia Feet, without venturing jbeypnd this limit oftheirioquiry, giving ai pretty broad bint that Mr._Partes' is the only person who kuowe anything at all about it, and that little is allimaginationand invention. My own opinion I have long since stated. It Parkes was himself deceived atfirst. We are all atartled, excited; enraged- anything but alarmed, but Certainly furious. What I think that Parkes will elver be blatneable for is for keeping up his raw-head- bnd bloody-bonea story long afiter. he must bave been fully continued' of its fallacy. However, if the draft report to be cpn-, .ideted by the committee to-day. bean anything Jike the character ascribed bo it -and upon that fact I think your Maden may rely-there will be a row amongst the committee before ever they Attempt to report to the Assembly; for the com mittee members are of ell sorts'and hires of opinion in reference to this'subject, and those opinions, iagain, will be guided more by party feelings than anything else. If the report is eent up-or when it is, whatever its purport may > be-there will surely be what is commonly called " a row in the House." Perhaps' it is deeirable to have something frdah to quarrel about, for after .all the :squabbels of the last few weeks, the Assembly seemed likely: last night to behave like civilised beings; They passed the bill granting ft: month's supply^ and eent . "it to the Upper House;. they finished the Supplementary .Estimates, and they voted several items on the Estlinates'-in-Chief for 18C9. Finally the coeimittee turned, rusty at the proposed advance of £100 in. the salary of second Titles ^Valu ator, in the Begistrar-General'e office, and the House adjourned, having previously postponed the vote for Police Magistrates and Clerks of Petty Sessions in country districts. . The cause of this comparative amiability was the result of the' previous night's debate, when. Martin's vote of censuro on . the Government, for the Barney and Jones-ccm-Duncan business was negatived by 27 to. 21. The debate commenced and ended on the eatne day, and, whether it was in the last card of the Opposition this session or net,, they seemed for the present to be satisfied. What can be said of that debate of Wednesday evening and night ? For the most part it wob a repetition of _ *U that had gone before. The principal new points .were two only-nine, the firm main tenance by Mr. Fonter of the principle that no public , eervarit 'bas hoy personal claim whatever upon. the public, inconsis tently with public; convenience. This I point, and the other matters in coiltfe'ction j with the argument, Foster maintained j with great spirit and logical clearness. ? He seemed to be, for once iu a dozen J timet, in good figbtifig order. Mr. Bobert son had not arrived from the IlUnter (he arrived later in the evening), Where, with Mr. Southeriaad, be had been mak ing an official visit and receiving a gnat oration; so Mr. Foster, finding himself in the position of chef d» bureau, buckled himself to the task of answering the Opposition leader, Mr. Martin, and did it well. The other new point was the unmeasured abuse of the Governor. The ceusure motion w«s indirectly aimed at His Excellency as well as at his Minis ters, for it spoke of the action taken in the Berney case-and of course-approved by the Governor-^as being "prejudicial to the bouour of the Crown." The Csot is that the ex-Ministers, find their friends have What is calonialiy 'termed a " down on Lord Belmore," because he refused Martin a -dissolution; and this is not be cause iho Earl constitutionally disagreed with the advice given, for tbeiti .purpose would have been partly served if they could force even the present Ministry to a iiaolmionat onoe- Th,Uif;ane the secrets of tbe many .censure motions brought or from time, to . time. If a dissolution couldJave been secured before the Packes' my^terips had beep thoroughly exploded, 'and ' while they' ,W®*_ stiU smouldering, -be and bwpwly^pld ]bava |6ne tothe countrythe ,jjmd perhaps' have bii^d t^2i~n|i. It is now too late for this pnd I suppose there is hardly a m£n in tbe colony who believes a single WoM df, tbe " plot story. .'Not' aa lhtfve before' said, (hat we could not perbapf muster a ? jepr cood Fenian contingent if required,7 ana drawn out by the proper, parties. , I bave heard oooughay mpathetio talk ta conviqoe me of that But as. to oi^niution and particularly for fhd mUrd^r of the Prinbe, there was notbing of J 'the kind- _ Now Lord Belmore's refusal of* duiotiuian'to Martin Was the cause "of this V Sttie game" being laid b»r» -and ofcobrsp^fcbe duthors and qopcoctor? are corres pondingly enraged I have just beaVd tbat th? "Copi|pii$ey Committee taet tp-d^y as . appointed and1 that, tm the tuojion pf Mr'' Parkes, who is a member, ffreeonBideration oif the draft report w&s; poBtpbsfed till Tuesday nekt. 1 have1 heard oo prettjrgobd au thority that Mr- fark#s,iu bis evidence before the Committee (w whi^A bfl ii a member)1 contradioted, positively and repeatedly, the. evidence <ff Mr. M'I«We thatbe (Ht. . Pirll»):|^miH}W]^». to send in, tbentopM #b<mt tbe eziati&ck; of !Periiati plots fdtAr he (Mr. iParketJbad publicly aveftwl -ttetr' existence. ®»: oonclusioUi of the -cotnmittee, I am ipa informed, are most damaging to PatMs; but 4f«bu«te thefewfll be a hard tight over the report" ; Tai funeral of tbe late Menial* of Uutjnge took place on .'Saturday, at Kcnaa): Gfreen Cemetery, at half put 12 o'clock.... The cor%« of . pWq anfl atoffl* tar, consisting merely of the knpnil fqnr mourning *Joaphe», apd aome half doifa private cwtUm of. ,tbeJrtei>4fc fff;*he de ceaied. . Id addition te tbe eMmVere of the family.jbe fallowing npMetteD *qd geptle men were; pr«e»t :--Pnka of Jieafifort, Dake of Ne^oajtle, ,K*ri of Wfsfwprl»nd, Lord Oberlea InoesKer, Admiral TeWer ton> Mr. H. V. WilHiipOn, Air; Storey, Mr. H. Padwiok, Gapt. Bttiov, and Mr. J. Day.. The Sjoorting OateUe atatea that tbe Marquis of Haitian' Uln*ai «a)iBiii»tad in " Brigbfr .diseeee/' which aooele rated the death of hit father and wwOjjuA from which he htnuelf bad been a sufferer mors or leas einoe he mk fourteanyears of age. ThePrindeof WaUsperaoBally called to inquire after tho. marquty whb had preri ou«ly received . particularly kibdnbte from his royal bigb&eis;, containing *i letter of. introduction to the Vioeroy of Egypt oft visiting bit dominions, Without wishing' to inlrnd* upon tbe«aor*d privacy of tbe ehaWjtrof death (Mrii ttt jwnul al> ready quoted,) we nay etate that never vu worianV attention more aealoob: and de» votional than that of the Marabioneu of Harttag«ifa 'bar htiaband tbrobghont hit illoMa/during wblob the eesroely left ? him for a moment day or night, except to anatch ooeaaional rest and food; and'it is a re markahU'fast, that loop after 'he oeased te take notice of otberjmembefs of bit family and old friends, the atrioken.in valid >did not fail to reoogniwhiarwife «oder moat grati fying;'MA jtoaebingj oirpuinptaDi^B., , Tb». earns affeotionate hands placed a bomqaet of aoarUt: and' white oamiliaj in his ooffiu. I3fU'*Ijifean&ir;»UH>& thattbe marquis has left a Witt bj whipbhe baa b*queaibed the whelttff bii remaining, property^ bii wif#,to which'instrument 'A&mira;! Y«1 ver tonaod Mr.Padwiok are oppointed exeoa tore. PIHTT A.nd BTFOoaiSTw-It it not true that tbe world hatea piety. Tbe modest and unobtrusive piety whioh fills .the heart \yitb all bumatt charities, and makei a mail gentle ;to oiharaantfaevere to hlt»ae)f, ia an object of universal lon itd melttiw. But mankind bate thalbst of power wbeO it U veiled onderthagarbof piety; they bate mating and; hypocrisy, they hate ad vertiaereaudqiiaoka in piMy; they love to tear lolly and impudence frotn tbe altar which should only be a aaoetoary for tbe wretched and tbe good.-Sidney Smith. We-extract the fallowing from tfceaatri moaial advertieeaienU of ah BosUah news paper:-" Aug. 16, at Salt Lake, Utah* Brigham Toting to Mta. J. K. Martin, Mia* Emily P. Martin, Mise 1j. M> Pren* dergaat, Mrs. B. M. Jenkinaon, and^Miae Susie P. Cleveland, all of Berkshire." Heaven help poot Brighkm! ? ' . : --. 