Chaiteb XVIIL TEX 6XANBUBY COBEEBPONDENCB. Half-an-hour after tbe proper time, when the others had finished their tea and bread and butter, Nora Bowley came down among them pale as a ghost. Her sister had gone to her while she was dressing, bnt she had declared that she would prefer to be alone. She would be down directly, she had said, and had com* pkted her toilet without even the assistance of ber maid. Sbe drank.ber cup of tea and pre tended to eat her toast; and then sat herself down, pale as a ghost, to think of it all again. It bad been all within her grasp,-r-all of which sbe had ever dreamed 1 and now it was gone \ Eaoh of her three companions strove from time to time to drow her into conversation, bnt she seemed to be resolute in her refusal. At first, till her utter prostration bad be (some a fact plainly recognised by them all, she made some little attempt at an answer, when a direct question was asked of herj but after a while she only Bbook her bead, and was silent, giving way to absolute despair. Late in the evening she went out into the garden, and Prisoilla followed her. It was now tbe end of July, and the Bummer was in it* glory. The ladies, during the day, would remain in the drawing-room with the windows open and the blinds down, and would sit in-the evening reading and working, or perhaps pretending to read and work, under the shade of a cedar which stood upon the lawn. No retirement could be possibly more secluded than was that of the garden of the Clock-house. No stranger could see into it, or hear sounds from out of it. Though it was not extensive; it was so well furnished with those charming garden shrubs wbich, in congenial soils, become large trees, that one party of wanderers might seem to be lost from another amidst its walls. On this evening Mrs. Stanbnry and Mrs. Trevelyan had gone out as usual, but Prisoilla had re mained with Nora Eowley. After a while Nora also got up and went through the window all alone. Priscill*, having waited for a few minutes, followed ber; and caught her in a long green walk that led round the bottom of the orchard. " What make* you so wretched ?" she said. "Why do ypu say I am wretchedP" " Because it's so visible. How is one to go on living with you all day and not notioe itP" " I- wish' you wouldn't notioe it. 1 don't think it kind of you to notice it. If I wanted to talk of it, I would do . so." " It is better generally to speak of a trouble than to keep it to oneself," said Prisoilla. f AlKthe eame, I would prefer not to •peak of mine," said Nora. Then they parted, one going one way and one the other, and Prisoilla was certainly, angry at the reception which had been given to the sympathy whioh the had proffered. The next day passed elmost without a word spoken between the two. Mr*. Stanbnry had not ventured se yet to mention to her guest the tuhjeok ofthe rejected lever, and had not even Miff much on the subject to Mrs. Trevelyan. Between the two sisters there had been, of course, some discussion on the matter. - It was impossible that it should be allowed to pass without it j but euoh discussions always resulted in an assertion on the. part of Nora that she would not be scolded. Mrs. Tre velyan was 'very tender with her and made po attempt to mold her,—tried, at Ust, simply to oonaole heri but NorewjM bo oontinutlly at work soolding herself, that every word i epoken to her on the subject of l)Ir. Q-luoqpk's wl i-i >0 ■■■ » ■»".> i;u » visit seemed to her to carry with it a rebate. But on the second day she herself aooestai Priscilla Stanbury. " Come ont into the garden," she said, whs* they too were for a moment alone together* "I want to speak to you." Priscilla, **i(tioiit answering, folded up .her work and pot Onbsr hat. "Oome down to the green walk," said Nora. I was savage to you last night, and I want to beg your pardon." M You were savage," said Priscilla, smiling, " and you shall have my pardon. Who would not pardon you any offenoe, if you asked itP* " I am so miserable!" she said. " But why ?" " I don't know. I can't tell. And it if of no use talking about it now, for it is all over. But I ought not to have been cross to you, and I am very sorry." " That does not signify as'raw; onfv mo f«r that when I have been ctobs, and have begged a person's pardon,—which I don't do as often as I ought, I always feel that it begets kittd ness. If I could help you iu your'trouble I would." " You ean't fetch him back again." : " You mean Mr. Glascock.' Shall I go and try P" Nora smiled and shook her head. " t wonder what he would say if you asked lum. But if he came again, I should do the same thing." " I do not in the least kuow what you have done, my dear. I only see that you mope about, and are more down in the mouth tbais any one ought to be, unless some great trouble has come." " A great trouble hai come." "I suppose jou have had yourehoioe,— either to accept your lover or to reject him." " No; I have not had my choice." " It seems to me that no one has dictated to you; or, at least, that you have obeyed no dictation." Of course, I can't explain it to you. It is impossible that I should." "If you mean ttet you regret what you have done because you have been false to the man, I can sympathise with yon. No one has ever a right to be false, and if you are repent* ing a falsehood, I will willingly help yot» to eat your ashes and to wear your sackcloth. But if you are repenting a truth " "lam." "Then you must eat your ashes yoarwI£ for me; and 1 do not think that you will ever be able to digest them." " I do not want anybody to help me," said Nora proudly. "Nobody can help you, if I understand the matter rightly. You have got to get the better of your own covetousness and evil desires, and you are in the fair way to get the better of them if you have already re* fused to be thia man's wife because you oould not bring yourself to commit the sin of marry* ing him when you did not lore him. I sup* pose that iB about the troth of it; and indeed, indeed, I do sympathise with you. If you have done that, though it is no more than the plainest duty, I will lore you for it. One finds so few people that will do any duty that taxes their eelf-indulgenoe." " But he did not ask me to many him." "Then I do not understand anything abont it." " He asked me to lore him." " But he meant you to be his. wife ?" " Oh yes;—he meant that of course." "And what did you say ?" asked Priscilla. " That I didn't lore him," replied Nora. " And that was the truth ?" " Yes j—it was the truth." " And what do you regret ?—that you didn't tell him a lie ?" > " No;—not that," said Nora slowly. . , " What then ? You cannot regret that you have not basely deceived a man who has treated you with a loving generosity ?" They walked on silent for a few yards, and then Priscilla repeated her question. " You cannot mean that you are sorry that you did not per suade yourself to do evil ?" 11 don't want to go back to the island* eod to lose myself there, and to be nobodythat is what I mean. And I might have been so much! Gould one step from the veiy highest rung of the ladder to the very lowest end not feel it?" " But yon have gone up the ladder,—if you only knew it," said Priscilla. "There was • 'choice given to you between the folded mire oftheday of the world, and the wumjight of the very God. You hew ebosen the sun* light* and you are crying after the clay!, I cannot pity you; but I can esteem you, and love you, and believe in you. And I do. You'll get yourself right at last, and there's my band on it, if you'll tate k." Nopa took the hand that was offered to her, held itiin her own for some seconds, and than waited back to the house and up toherown rpom in silence. .-* The post used to oome into Nunpombe Putney at about eight in the morning, qas^ed thither by a wooden-legged man who rpde * donkey. There is a general ugdsmtapding that the wooden-legged men in epanfcry parishes should be employed as ppstrnpn, owing to the great steadiness of degyanonr which a wooden lag ii generaUy fo^ to produce. It may be that such man arosfofer in their operations than would be biped ppst* men $ but as all private.employers ef Wxmr demapd labourers with two legs, it is waUjte* the iame and bait abould find arafage less exacting service of ths <tefWMnsnt», -.SP* one-legged man who rode his Ipid^jr.tete Nuu^oxube Putney would- ^ hot above half «n hour after bis proper time; but be was very slow in stumping round tbe Tillage, and seldom reached the Clock-honse much before ten. On a certain morning two or three days after tbe conversation just re corded it Wtt past ten when he brought two letters io the door, one for Mrs. Trevelyan and onh for,M?*- Stanbury. The ladies had finished their breakfast, and Were seated together at an open window. As was usual, the letters were girch into, PriepUla's hands, and the newspaper which ■ aooompanied them into those of Mrs, Trevelyan, ita undoubted owner. When her letter was handed to her, she looked at the address Tery closely and then walked away with it into her own room. " I think it's bom Louis," said Nora, as toon as the door was closed. " If so, he is telling 'her to oome back.' «Mamma, this is for you," Baid Priscilla. **It is from Aunt Stanbury. I know her liandwriting." "From your AuntP What can she be writing about? There is something wrong with Dorothy." Mre. Stanbury held the letter but did not open it. "You bad better read it, my dear. If ehe is ill, pray let her come home." But the letter apoke of nothing amiss as re garded Dorothy, and did not indeed even mention Dorothy's name. Luckily Priscilla read the letter in silence, for it was an angry letter. " What is it, Priscilla ? Why don't jou tell me? Is anything wrong?" said Mrs. Stanbury. " Nothing is wrong, mamma,—-except that my aunt is a very Billy woman." "Goodness me' what is it?" " It is a family matter," said Nora smiling, " and I will go." M What can it be ?" demanded Mrs. Stan huij ngnip as soon as Nora had left the room. « Yon shall bear what it can be. I will read it you," said Priscilla. " It seems to me that of all the women that ever lived my Aunt Stanbury is the most-prej udiced, the most unjust, and the most gimi to evil thinking of her neighbours. This is what she has thought fit to write to you, mamma." Then Priscilla read her aunt's letter, which was as Mowb :— " The Close, Exeter, July 31,186—. "Dear Sister Stanbury,— "I am informed that the lady who is living with yon because ehe could not continue to live under the same roof with her lawful husband has received a visit at your house bom a gentleman who was named as her lover before she left her own. I am given to under stand that it waB because of this gentleman's white to her in London, and because she would not give up seeing him, that her husband would not live with her any longer." . " But the man has never been here at all," •aid Mm. Stanbury in dismay. "Of course he has not been here. Bat let me go on." "I have got nothing to do with your visi . tors," continued the letter; "and I should not interfere bat for the credit of the family. There ought to be somebody to explain to you that ■Mich of the abominable disgrace of the whole proceeding will rest upon you, if you permit such goings on in your house. I sup pose U is ypur house. At any rate you are re garded as the mistress of the establishment^ and it is for yoo to tell tbe lady that she must go elsewhere. I do hope that you have done ap, or at least that you will do so now. It is iBtolffrWa that tbe widow of my brother,—a clergyman,—-should harbour a lady who is separated from her husband and who receives visits from a gentleman who is reputed to be her love^. I wonder mnch that your eldest should countenance such a proceed fog. " Yours tnuy, " JXMIHA SXANBUEY." lire. Stanbury, when the letter had been lead to her, held up both her hands iu despair. ■ Dear, dear," she exclaimed. "Oh, dear!" "She had such pleasure in writing it," said Priscilla, " that one ought hardly to begrudge ' at her." *• * «■* *-"f • The blackestspot in the character oCPrucilla < Btanbnry was hsr! hatred for her aunt in JExeter. Sheknew that hsr aunt had high ; and yet ehe hated her aunt. She was well aware that her aunt was regarded as W diining'light by very many good people iu tbecountry.and yet she bated her aunt. She ■ «ould >bot but acknowledge that her aunt had beengenerous to her brother, and was now \- very generous to hsr sister, and yet she hated Lsr aant. 1 It was now a triumph to he* that ; her auut'had fallen into so terrible a quagmire. • and the'was by no'means disclosed to let the 1 aintaihgold'womin easily out of it.' \- 1 " It is as pretty a specimen," she said, "as 1 'I-1 ever-knew ^tif malice and eaves-dropping >'■ '"©otfiaiiestuhhard words.my detr" " Look at ber words to us," said Priscilla. r'*AVha^bvisWes4 has rtie talk to you about i ^th^hrsditbf thfe family and abominable dis 43 f® *You ' hsve^held yonr head up in S l]hJridily,'#bile she has beett tolling in money." twin Very good to Hugh,—and I would have none of some one'to trample name to patronise. She oii and me, mamma.** {Jtsousiion as to what should _ A discourse in which' PfjpiMfc thought At to do. Should be said to Mrs ^elti hht an answer hbtStenbur/. PrfsoiU« this answer, aud herself would sign it. There was some difference of opinion on this point, as Mrs. Sunbucy thought that if she might be allowed to put her name to it, even though Prieoilla should write it, the wording of it would be made, in some degree, mild,—to suit her own charaoter. But her daughter waa imperative, and she gave way. " It shall be mild enough in words," said Prieeilla, " and very ehort." Then she wrote her letter &e; follows:— "Nuncombe Putney, August 1,186—. " Dear Aunt Stanbury,— " You have found a mare's nest. The gentleman yon speak of has never been here at all, and the people who bring you news have probably hoaxed you. I don't think that mamma has ever disgraced the family, and you can have no reason for thinking that she ever will. You should, at any rate, be sure of what you are eaying before you make each cruel accusations. " Yourstruly, " Paieciixa Stjlkbuey. 41 P.S,—Another gentleman did call here,— not to see Mrs. Trevelyan; but I suppose mamma's bouse need not be closed against al visitors." Poor Dorothy had passed evil hours from the moment in which her aunt so far certified herself as to Colonel Osborne's visit to Nuncombe as to make her feel it to be incumbent on her to interfere. After much consideration Miss Stanbury had told her nieoe the dreadful news, and had told also what she intended to do. Dorothy, who was in troth horrified at the iniquity of the fact which waa related, and who never dreamed of doubting the truth of her aunt's information, hardly knew how to interpose. " I am eure mamma won't let there be anything wrong," she had said. " And you don't call this wrong P" said ATim Stanbury, in a tone of indignation. " But perhapB mamma will tell them to __ 91 go. " I hope she will I hope she has. But he was allowed to be there for hours. And now three days have passed and there is no sign of anything being done. He came and went, and may come again when he pleases," Still Dorothy pleaded. " I shall do my duty," said Miss Stanbury. «I am quite sure mamma will do nothing wrong," said Dorothy. But the letter was written and sent, and the answer to the letter reached the house iu the Close in due time. When Miss Stanbury had read and re-read the very ehort reply which her niece had written, she became at first pale with dismay, and then read with renewed vigour and ob stinacy. She had made herself, as she thought, quite certain of her facts before she had acted I on her information. There was some equivoea I tion, Borne most unworthy deceit in Priseilla's letter. Or could it be possible that she her self had been mistaken ? Another gentleman bad been there; not, however, with the object of seeing Mrs. Trevelyan. So said Prieeilla. But she had made herself sure that the man in question was a man from London, a middle aged man from London, who had specially for Mrs. Trevelyan, and who had at once been known to Mrs. Ciegg at the Liasboro' Ion to be Mrs. Trevelyan's lover. Miss Stanbury was very unhappy, and at last sent for Giles Hiokbody. Giles Hickbody had never pre tended to know the name.' He had seen the man and bad described him, "Quite a swell, ma'am; and a Lon'oner, and one as'd be up to anything; but not a young 'un; no, not jost a young 'un, z&rfcainly.;" He was cross examined again now, and said that all he knew about the man's name was that there was a handle to it. This was ended by Miss Stan bury sending him down to Lissboro'.to learn the very name of the gentleman, and'by hit coming .back with that -of the Honourable George Glasoock written on a piebe of paper. *' They says now as he was arter the other young 'ooman," said Giles Hiokbody. Then was'toe oonfusion of Miss. Stanbury Complete. It was late when Giles returned from Liseboro', and nothing oould be done that night. It wns too late to write ale tier for th? next morning's post. Mrs. Sfcaabttry, who was as proud of her discrimination as she wap just and true, felt that a day of; humiliation bad indeed oothe for her. She hated PrU cilia almost as rigorously as Priscilla hated her. To Prieeilla she would not write to J#sr own fault; but it wasinoumbent on her to confess it to Mrs. Stanbury. It was incumbent ok her also to confess it to Dorothy. All that night she did not sleep, and1 the next morning' she..went i^bont. abashed,<;ivretalie<l»Ahirdlj mistress of her own maids. S|ie must confess! it also to Martha, and Martha would be very stem to her. Martha had pooh-poohed thfe; whole story of She lover, seeming to think that there oould be no misobable otyeotion to; a lover part fifty, , ... L ! 1 "Dorothy," she said at last aboutnooa," I, have .been over,bnsty about your mother ana this man. lam sorry for it, andmuet—beg-l ererybodj'd^-pnrdon." • -»•. />••• J , " I knew mamma woulddo nothing wrong," said Dorothy. <>;•'« ;><* j ; <*33o do lrrong Si human, end she, I sup-, pose, is not mors free than Others? but in this matteriwumirinforihed.' Iebsll Write nap. beg her paidon; andnow Ibag your1 pardon." " Not mine; Aunt fltanbury." «, . , ,• , " Yes, yours end])roar mot^ij'tod toe' lidy's also;—for against ber has the fault beep most grievpui. I ihall writeto;your mtAhir and express my contrition," 4- i She put off the -evil hour of writing m Joug u she oou'd, but before dinner the painful letter bed been written, and carried by hereelf to the poet. It wae ae follows:— " The Close, August 8,186—. " Dear Sister Stanbury,— " I have now learned that the information ■ was false on whioh my former letter was based. I am heartily sorry for any annoyance I may have given you. I can only inform you that my intentions were good and upright. Never* theleBi, I humbly beg your pardon. " Tours truly, " Jekiim. Stakbuby." Mrs. Stanbury, when she received this, was inclined to let the matter drop. That her sister-in-law should express such abjeot contri tion was to her such a lowering of the great ones of the earth, that the apology oonveyed to her more pain than pleasure. She could not hinder hereelf from sympathising with all that her sister-in-law had felt when she had found hereelf called upon to humiliate herself. But it was not so with Priscilla. Mrs. Stanbuiy did not observe that her daughter's name was scrupulously avoided in the apology; but Priscilla observed it. She would not let the matter drop, without an attempt at the last word. She therefore wrote back again as follows.— " Nunoombe Putney, August 4,186—. "Dear Aunt Stanbury,— "I am glad you have satisfied yourself about the gentleman who has so much dis quieted you. I do not know that the whole affair would be worth a moment's consideration, were it not that mamma and I, living as we do so secluded a life, are peculiarly apt to feel any attack upon our good name,—which ib pretty nearly all that is left to us. If ever there are women who should be free from attack, at any rate from those of their own family, we are snch women. We never interfere with you, or with anybody; and I think you might abstain from harrassing us by accusa tions. " Pray do not write to mamma in such a strain again, unless you are quite sure of your ground. " Tours, truly, " PaisciLLA. SrntBrar." " Impudent vixen!" said Miss Stanbury* to Martha, when she bad read the letter. "Ill conditioned, impudent vixen!" " She was provoked, miss," said Martha. "Well; yet; yes;—and I suppose it is right that you should tell me of it I dare say it is. part of jwhat I ought to bear for being an old fool, and too cautioue about my own flesh and blood. I will bear it There. I was wrong, and I will say that I have been justly punished. There,—there How very much would Miss Stanbury s tone have been changed had she known that at that very moment Colonel Osborne was eating his breakfast at Mrs. Crocket's inn, in Nuncombe Putney. 