: ', ' -roY SHILLINGS AND COSTS; , I had been all day trying to get from five ministers to Chichester by a country line, a London line, and a branch line of railway. In the first place, as the country line only ran three > trains a day, passenger and goods. together, necessitating weary hunting. at every t station, we could hardly be said to have made a good start. In the next place, the strategic arrangement whereby the London line managed invariably, to start its trains five minutes before the arrival of the "up " country train, making us wait for two hours at Marlbury Junction, to spite the country company, scarcely tended to rapid progress. In the third place, as it always happens to be the aim of a traffic- manager to endeavour to drive passengers on to the main line, and to visit with all possible retributive delays the hostile British public when it will travel on a branch, we could not be considered to have made up for lost time on the branch. In the fourth place, it didn't help us forward to be compelled to travel one hundred and twenty-seven miles round- about in a parabola, in order to reach Chelchester, which, at starting, was only fifty-eight miles from Aveminster. In the fifth and last place, we were not got to Chelchester yet and it would have been money in my pocket if I never had. " Swinbro'-Swinbro.' Change here for Marchmont and Nutchley. Change here!" Almost time for a change, I reflected, considering I had been nine hours out on a journey of fifty-eight miles, and was still far off from my destination. Looking out from my window of a first-class compartment, I saw it was a cheerless, drizzling night, and the railway porters were steaming in the misty air as they hurried to and fro past the gleam of the lamps. remonstrating with the guard respecting our train being nearly an hour late,' and the time past eleven at night, he soothed my irritation by telling 'me gruffly I had no business on a branch line, if I wanted to go anywhere and if I would go to out of the way places like Chelchester, I must be very thankful if the company put themselves to the expense of taking me there at all, considering branches didn't pay to work as a rule. A solitary passenger then entered my carriage, or, rather, was banged into it by the guard. Another minute, and the guard had hanged himself into his van, emitting the growl, " Change here !" Our fiery and restive iron steed, no doubt weary with its headlong career of full twelve miles an hour, gave a heroic weigh of triumph, resembling a feeble crew, in emula- tion of past exploits, in days long before it was condemned to transportation on a branch, and dragged us off into the bleak night. My companion was a tall, Hue, middle-aged man, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple, concluded below the chin by a stiff satin cravat. in a dress, tight-fitting, and of ancient and faded black, he looked altogether like a man who had run very much to seed, which perhaps accounted for the luxu- | riant growth of his arms and legs. Observing his clothes steaming with the damp air, I began to realise it was very chilly. It certainly was. " Quite a change in the weather," I remarked " "Very cold to-night, is it not " Don't feel cold myself. Perhaps you would like to change places with me? There is no draught here." I replied I should be very pleased to do so, if not to his inconvenience and accordingly we changed seats. - it was cold, and no mistake. I must have taken a chill, for I felt the cold creeping over me in a most unaccountable manner. Looking at my companion on the opposite seat, on whom. the lamplight now shone full, I saw that his face was not so thin, nor his features so withered, as I had at first supposed j and I must have made a mistake as to his age, for he was by no means so old as I had previously judged. How cold it was to be sure ! As I continued to look at him, I noticed his aspect changed momently-that he was growing younger; that the wrinkles in his face were filling out, and smoothing down and that he was gradually becoming like some one I had seen before. As his cheeks grew round and ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown before my very eyes became in such a state of nervous agitation, I endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I was paralysed with the cold-cold that seemed to make my limbs rigid, and numb my vitals for I saw the man sitting before me was no longer a stranger no mere friend or acquaintance: he had become me I | I held up my hands, to try and shut out the sight, and as I did so, saw they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them on my brow, to see if I were dreaming ; but I found it shrivelled, and seamed and puckered.' And I knew that this man, this fiend had stolen my body, and given me his. Maddened with the discovery, I rose to my feet-his feet- which swayed beneath me, and I struck wildly at the vision of myself on the other seat. But I found my arms light as vapour, for they passed over his body, which went through them, giving me the impression of pain. It was a body of shade that had been given me for my own body of flesh and blood, which this wretch had stolen. By some sorcery or other, we had indeed changed places. " Sorcerer-demon " I cried out, only to hear myself speaking with his sharp, cracked voice. . When I saw myself sitting opposite to me, coolly addressing me in my own voice, I could no longer credit my senses, if indeed I had any of them at all left of my own. I " Daresay j ou- think you are speaking loud now," he said. I answered by calling the guard as loudly as I could halloo. " Ah, you might call a good deal louder than that, if the cards were full of passengers, And they could no more hear you than they could see you," he continued, chuckling and screwing up my features into a hideously knowing grin, such as I could never have made them assume, " You see, my friend, yours is a body of air of shadow, insensible, impalpable tall but myself, just as it was to all but you when I entered the carriage. You wish, perhaps, to know who I am ? Well, two years ago to-night, I was a passenger by this very up mail. There was a collision with a stupid down goods. you see, and the result was that several passengers were injured. One of them was well, it's no use mincing matters killed on the spot. Quite so : it was I. Yes, I am what you call a ghost, though we consider the word rather infra dig. amongst ourselves, and have a better-, term for it. Now I have told you what I am, you will like to know what I want? Very good. You shall see." The ghost in my body then began to feel in my pockets, from which he drew out my meerschaum, loaded it from my pouch, and lighted it with one of my Vesuyians. "Ali," he proceeded, whiting the weed rapidly, " you smoke very good stuff- Golden Leaf and Returns : not a bad mixture, though I prefer a little Latakia with it myself. Not at all a bad body yours either," he went, on, eyeing the form in which he was sitting-" not at all a bad body; and it fits me, to a T, only a little short in the arms. Z By the waybill find one of your front teeth "a little loose, so don't say I did that, when you come to yourself again and your nose is a little long for me, but I daresay it blows none the worse for that." I shuddered as I saw him take out my handkerchief, and use it on that cherished organ of mine. " Yes, I daresay now you feel the cold a little ; I did at first ; but it's nothing when you are used to it. I find your body very not being heavier than I am accustomed to wear; but it won't be for long. I require it positively for this night only,' as you say in your playbills and will return it uninjured by the time we get to Chelchester. By-the-bye, let me beg you to be a little careful how you throw your arms about so much as you did just now, for my body is of a more delicate construction than yours and being so thin in substance, I am afraid you will scan it under the armpits. You will observe, ladies arid gentlemen," he went on in lecturer's style, " that if I take a lighted Yesuvian, and insert it in the corner of the patient's eye, he will feel no pain." Saj ing this, my dreadful companion proceeded to illustrate his remark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with a burning match. I felt no pain as the match burned in my head, certainly. " You will allow, after all you see, that my shape has. its advantages," the ghost proceeded ; " but it also has its. disadvantages. Try the pipe now." I tried to take the pipe ; it dropped through my vapoury fingers. He placed it in my mouth ; I could not hold it, nor get a whiff from it. " Precisely so," said the ghost. " Now, this is just what has brought me here to-night. A great smoker all my life, doing my six pipes a day regularly, I have been defunct these two years and during all that time I haven't had a smoke ! not a blessed draw ! I miss my 'bacco dreadful. There is provision made for smokers, down with us you will understand ; but we are governed by a Board of Directors, whose incapacity quite equals that of our City Boards. There is a stock of bodies kept on purpose for smokers, so that, if you want a pipe, you must go into one of the bodies. to enjoy it. But if you will believe me, the supply is so notoriously insufficient to meet the demand, that there is no chance whatever for a new ghost to get a smoke. When I entered the Society, all the bodies were out in use, and booked for three years in advance. My name has been down on the books for two years, and there is no likelihood of my getting a body allotted me under another twelvemonth. Fancy two years without a smoke ! Why, sir, the incompetence of our Board is positively wooden. I can only explain the reason why we put up with such gross mismanagement in the other world, because we have become so used to it in this. Our constitutions, however, are being undermined to that extent, that the Board has at last been coerced by popular feeling into passing a measure empowering ghosts to render themselves visible to single individuals at a time, in order that they may effect an exchange of ? bodies for short periods, always with the consent of the person in question, for the purpose of indulging in a habit which the directors 'cannot, however, but characterise as pernicious and injurious.' Under this new act! I obtained your body." , " You never had my consent, fiend !" I cried. " It is vulgar to call names, my friend," the ghost replied, smoothing my moustache with my fingers ; " but you are trifling. I asked you to change places with me, and you agreed, as you must be well aware. But, dear me, here we are at Chelchester ; however, I must finish my pipe-think of two years, and not a blessed draw, my friend " The train was pulling up. My companion leaned out of window, puffing fast and furious. " Plenty of time to change bodies," he said; " it shall be done in an instant, as soon as the train stops." And he continued leaning out, and whiling away great clouds of smoke, till we came to the platform. He hurriedly knocked out the ashes of the tobacco on the door rail, as the guard cried, " Change here change here; all change here, if you please."? A sudden glow of warmth seemed to pass over me as I rubbed my eyes, and found, to my great delight, my own smooth hands against my very own unwrinkled cheeks. I looked up for my companion he was gone I was alone in the carriage. I was greatly surprised, when I got on the platform, at being asked for my card by a very officious person ; still more so, on receiving a magistrate's summons in the morning. The officious person deposed that he was the Secretary of the Anti-tobacco Alliance, and applied for a conviction against the undersigned, under one of the by-laws of the company, for smoking in a railway carriage, the property of the DE. F. G. Company, contrary to their regulations. He declared to have seen me (only think lying leaning out of the carriage as it came into the Chelchester station, smoking a meerschaum pipe. The guard gave evidence that the carriage certainly smelled very strongly of tobacco on arriving at Col chester, and that I was the only first-class passenger. A meerschaum pipe answering the officious person's description, was found on my person. Case was clear. Fined forty shillings and costs. Nay, more-the case of smoking in a railway carriage has been gibbetted at all the stations on the line, where I am hung up as a caution and warning to the British public, in a solemn black frame with my name and address, and the amount of the penalty enforced, at full length. It would have been useless to attempt to dispute the case, before the magistrates. It is something to have set one's-self right with the public. Chambers. The King of Hanover v. the Bank or England. -In Vice Chancellor james's Court on Saturday, the Court heard the case of a bill filed by the plaintiff under the title of George I of Hanover, and the Crown Prince of Hanover, against the Governors of the Bank of England, the Duke of Cambridge, and the Duke of Brunswick, praying that the Bank of England might be directed to transfer the sum of £600,000 Three per Cent Consols standing in their books to the credit of his Majesty the King of Hanover into the names of the plaintiffs and the Duke of Cambridge and Duke of Brunswick, to be held by them for the, persons entitled thereto by virtue of a law of Hanover introducing into the constitution it new chapter in finances, dated the 31st of August, 1857, and a convention made a short time since between the King of Hanover and the King of Prussia. This sum of money, arising from the electoral dominions of Hanover, was originally invested in Consols on behalf of King George III. of England as Elector of Hanover. By an Act elated in November, 1836, it was declared that the above fund should devolve on failure of male heirs who should succeed to the Crown of Hanover, first upon the Duke of Cumberland and his male issue, then upon the Duke of Cambridge and Mb male issue, and then upon the Duke of Brunswick. By a subsequent Act in March, 1867, the said sum of £t>00,000 was to be maintained as a fund from the revenues of which the expenses of the King of Hanover and the Royal Family were to be provided. In 1867, the Governors of the Bank of England were served with protest from the Prussian Ambassador with respect to the application of this fund, but finally a convention was entered into between the King of Hanover and the King of Prussia, whereby it was provided, among other things, that his Majesty King George was to retain possession of the amount and all interested thereon. The object of the Bank of England upon the present application was to have the declaration of the Court authorising them to deal with the fund, and to transfer it in such a manner as to prevent any liability being incurred by them. The Vice Chancellor said the proper course would be for the royal personages to name two persons to act as the formal trustees in the matter, and the order for a transfer of the fund might then be made in the manner proposed Manchester Examiner, May 11, Telegraphs to the "West Ixdibb.-Amohgtt the passengers who arrived in Liverpool on April 17, by the Cunard mail steamer Scotia, was General W. P. Smith, who, during the civil war in North America, was one of the most prominent soldiers on the Northern side. When the war terminated, General Smith, like the majority of his friends in arms, turned his attention to civil pursuits, and for some years past he has been president of the International Ocean Telegraph Company, whose lines extend through Florida to Havana. General Smith's object in visiting Great Britain is to arrange with Sir Charles Bright and the British and various Colonial Governments for laying down a series of submarine cables from Cuba to Porto Rico, St. Thomas, Martinique, and Barbadoes, and thence to the vast continent of South America, via Demarara, Subsidies in aid of the line have been already voted by most of the Colonial Governments, and there is at present every prospect of the line being ready for working early next year, These West Indian telegraph lines will be of great importance to the Government and commercial communities of Great Britain, as they will bring us within regular telegraphic communication with most of our West Indian colonies, while to the latter they will be of incalculable benefit, in every way social, political, and commercial. British Trade Journal. ArrAins in Georgia. Outrages of all kinds continue to be perpetrated in Georgia. A Kuklux editor denounces a Unionist doctor as a coward and liar for having blackballed him at a Unionist club, whereupon the doctor takes his trusty rifle, and waits in his own room till the editor passes his window, when he kills him by a " pot shot." The Sheriff locks the doctor up, but the Kuklux arrive in the night and break open the gaol, and take the doctor out and riddled him with balls. Other Kuklux operations are negro floggings, and greater outrages by the dozen all over the State. The Lower House in the State Legislature passed the Constitutional Amendment with the view, as one of the minority said, to give Butler a dose of nigger suffrage in Massachusetts a " but in the Senate this consideration was not deemed sufficiently powerful, and the amendment was rejected. The combined refusals of both branches to admit the negro members has led the committee of the United States Senate to " report " a bill providing for the restoration of military rule in Georgia ; but the committee are un I able to agree in their recommendation about it, and it is very doubtful whether it will pass, or, if it does pBEs, in what precise shape. The whole affair is a very disagreeable one to deal with, and yet something must be done to restore order. The country is expecting great things from Grant, but Congress has not left him men enough in the army to do anything with the strong hand. Affairs in Texas get worse Daily News Letter. 