GYMPIE. The Gympie Times contains an interesting account of the consecration at Gympie of a new Roman Catholic Chapel, on Sunday, the 25th ult., from which we quote the following:— I " Last Sunday was a day to be long remembered by the Roman Catholic portion of this com inanity. On that day, His Lordship the Bishop solemnly blessed and dedicated to the service of the Most High, the building erected by them for the celebration of the rites of their religion. I The first visit of a bishop of this communion j ' would have been an event of importance, had I he come to perform even the usual and more or dinary duties of his pastoral charge, but the consecration of this church has an especial j interest, when it is considered that such a hand j some building has been erected in such a short | time, in a place where but a few months ago the I aboriginal may have hunted in happy ignorance ! almost of the sight of a white man, and the 1 wild animals grazed undisturbed by the sound of a pick, or the busy ham of an important ! town. The building is neatly decorated in 1 the interior, and is capable of con ! taining a thousand people with ease. The high altar is of chaste simplicity, its chief ' ornament being a handsomely carved tabernacle, : over which is a temporary altar-piece represent* ; ing the 'Man of Sorrows.' Beside this altar • there is another dedicated to the Blessed Virgin, : ornamented with white and gauvy draperies that give a pleasing relief to the uniform color !of the interior walls. At 11 o'clock, His Lord : ship, attended by the Rev. Father Horan, and ' preceded by his cross-bearer and the acolytes, 1 proceeded to the high altar; the attendant i priest having removed the mitre, he knelt for some time in prayer, the choir meantime sing . ing the psalm, Quam dilecta tabernacula tua. , After mass by Father Horan, his Lordship made a brief but lucid explanation of the doctrine of ; the Church on the saoraments, dwelling chiefly on that which be was about to ad . minister —Confirmation—which gave strength to the recipients to brave all persecn ( tion and danger for the sake of Christ I and their faith—to rejoice, as did the ! Apostles after receiving the Holy Ghost, that ■ they were deemed worthy to Buffer for His sake. This sacrament gave them strength to follow the footsteps of the Divine Redeemer, always bearing in mind the sublime lessons of humility, 1 charity, and brotherly love He had taught them Iby precept and example. The bishop strongly : inculcated the necessity of frequent and fervent : prayer, and recourse to the sacraments of pen ; ance and the Eucharist, without which they 1 could not hope to maintain themselves in a state of grace, or gain that place of refreshment, light, and peace, that crown of glory which is ■' reserved for those who, having fought the gcod fight, die in the Lord and sleep in the sleep of Christ. His Lordship then administered con : firmation to those who were prepared to receive ' it—about eighty, principally young persons. After the ceremony he further addressed a few words of encouragement to those who had been | confirmed to persevere in the way of religion, I and of warning to parents to lead such lives < as would not scandalise the ' little ones,' and incur the dread penalty pronounced on such a ! grievous sin. The morning service concluded j with the episcopal benediction and the solemn I benediction of the Blessed Sacrament." 