MTTRRTTMTUTnr? A IT. from our correspondent Cricket Match between tub murrumburrah and Albert (Yass) Clubs.— Yestorday (January 2g) being the Anniversary of the Colony, was ob served as a general holiday here, and no doubt everywhere throughout tho territory. All places of business were closed and tho plea sure of the day consisted of n match of cricket between eleven of the Albert Club, Yass, and a corresponding number of tho Murrumburrnh Club. The day was beautifully fine. At about eleven o'clook a very good attendance was on tho ground. In a quarter of nn hour afterwards the match com menced. the Murrumburrah team first endeavour- ing to protect tnotr stumps, ine piay mrougnout was particularly cautious on both sides, the proof of whioh is tho very small score, which is sub joined, that was made by cither side. A booth, under tho oaro of Mr Murphy, was on tho ground, so that the thirsty might satisfy thomselvos, and I believe ho had no occasion to complain of his small speculation in this way, as tbo tent was com pletely crowded throughout tho day. Tho good feeling that prevailed was most remarkablo, and not a single ense of dispute arose amongst any of those present. After the match was over tho Yass team repaired to Murphy's Criterion Hotel, which they made their quarters, and at seven o'clock one of the finest dinners over got up in tho neighbour hood was provided, at which somo forty gentlomen sat down. The usual toasts after the dinner were proposed and appropriately responded to, and at about nine o'clock tho dinner party broke up, and joined in the ball room, whoro dancing was kept up till twelve o'clook, when there was a supper which far excelled the dinner, and of which eighty Indies and gentlemen partook. During the whole affair there was nothing but tbo height of good feeling and merriment, and the most positivo determination of enjoyment entered into. Mr Harper, the enptnin of the Yass team, lins become a most particular favourite amongst us for his general ploasing mannor. I may say as much of the whole Ynss team, who are a lot of "jolly good follows." On St. Patrick's Day eleven of our club hopo to show themselves on the Yass orioket ground, and as they have resolved on constant prnotico, will then, it is hoped by our townsmen, have the victory on our side. However, if for no other reason than for the sake of another day's amusement with their Yass neighbours, our men have resolved on playing the return matoh. I subjoin the scorers' return Murrumburrau. 1st tnninos. 2nd innincs. 0\. Codrington. st Daley... 1 o Reardon 2 J. Nichols, b Reardon ... 0 c Penrose 7 P. Sterne, o Rutherford... 4 b Roardon 0 J. Thorpe, o Harper 0 b Reardon 0 T. McMahon, o Jackey ... 0 b Rutherford ... 5 J. Thompson, hit wicket... 3 b Reardon 0 J. McOormack. not out ... 5 b Reardon 1 IV. Joselin, b Rutherford 4 c Smith 1 J. Edgeworth. b Reardon 1 c Myers 0 — Johnson, st Daley 0 b Rutherford... 1 J. Edgeworth, hit wicket 0 not out 5 Byes 1 Byes 2 19 24 Yass. 1st inninos. 2nd Innings. J. Harper, b Sterne 2 hit wioket 0 L. Myers, 1 b w 0 o McOormnck... 0 IV. Daley, o Nichols 7 not out 4 Jackey. c MoOormack ... 3 o Edgeworth ... 3 W. Reardon, o Nichols ... 3 c Nichols.- 4 0\. Penrose, b Sterne I c Nichols 0 J. Hart, o Sterne 2 not out 2 R. Smith, not out 1 not out 2 R. Rutherford, at Johnson 0 M. Conlon, b Nichols .. 1 J, Reardon, b' Sterne 0 Byes 3 Byes 7 l- ciiSSiiiNiunces tne aiui83 Ulub could only send tan of their team to the field, and an emergoncy man was made after their arrivai at Murrumburrah. It is very probable that the sports of the Anniversary Day divided the atten tion of tho champion, of the willow. Wo hope to see our not far distant friends at Yass on St. Pat rick's Day, whoever wins or loses. Fresh Gold Discoveries at Brindabella. The Rev. W. B. Clarke, in his work on the gold discoveries in New South Wales, points out that Brindabella had every indication of being a profit able gold-field. So far as its profitableness is concerned, no science could determine, although the probable presence of the metal might be rationally assumed from all known laws of geology. When the diggings broke out at Kiandra, much" of the country between there and tho more populous parts of the neighbourhood underwent tho process of prospecting. The attractions, however, of tho proclaimed field were too mnny to permit of a fair trial being given to many of theso inter mediate plnces. Now, however, when thero is less excitement than there was ten years ago as regards auriferous discoveries, there are localities which mo undergoing an earnest inspection suggested hy chance observations in bygone times. Brindabella is one of these places. It is situate nbout forty miles from Yass, and forms a portion of tho alpine country that separates this part of the country from Gipps Land. Mr Henry Hall, junior, a short time since was cattle hunting in tho neighbourhood, and came across two men who were, roughly prospecting a quartz reef, in the stone of which gold was visible to the naked eye. It will, perhaps, be a few weeks before the worth of the discovery is satisfactorily ascertained, whether there exists a reef or whether what is being tested is merely a floater. It is advisable that there should be no " rush " until this is decided. A SLICE OF GOOD LUCK.— By the last mail from England we understand that news arrived in the colony of the death of a lady of the Stephen family, by which the Chief Justice. Mr George Milner Stephen, the family of Mrs Robinson, Mrs Shadforth and Mr Remmington, of Hardwicke. will be enriched. The latter's portion of the fortu-to will be several thousands. We wish Mr and Mrs Remmington joy, as well as all the other recepients of the legacies. SHEEP OWNERS MEETING— The annual meeting for tue election of directors for the Bheep districts interested in the matter will bear this in recollec tion. Travelling sneep. — A mob of mixed shoep are approaching Yass from tho station of Mr Douglass on the Bnrwin. some 500 miles from here clos6 to Fort Bourke, that have been driven away in search of grass and water. That part of the territory is almost abandoned from these circum stances. Mr Douglass's shoep nre making far the .mountain country in the direction of Gipps Land, and although healthy, are sorely suffering from the fatigues of a three month's journey in scorching hot weather with little grass and little water. The person who has charge assures us that flour of second quality wns worth 200Z. a ton on the Barwin when he left and that on most of the stations i the shepherds nnd watchmen had to livo on any substitute they could find far that article. The stock were evon so poor that they wore not worth killing. J Saddle Stealing. — John Nnsh, a youth in the employ of Mr Hnssott, as hostler, has been tnken into custody for stealing a saddle, the property of flames O'Brion a servant of Mr Michael Oonroy ot Conroy's Gap. J YuBSyA-Tho fo"owinK is the list of stations in the Goulburn district for the present year, as adopted at tho Conference on Monday last:— Goulburn. William Ournow. R. V. Dannei Yass. t Bi Qunn'ng. John Clifton , Braidwood, J. W. Dowson i Adelong. Charles Stead : Wagga Wagga. Henry Wiles, Young. J. A. Waddtll : D Madgwfak ; Queabeyan, Edward The Labour Market.— We may mention as a proof of the depressed times times in tho oniony that a number of able-bodiod young men hnvo pnssod through tho town within tho last fortnight seeking for work and disappointed in not findingjt. On Wednesday two of these appliod at the Police Office horo in the expectation that there was a police magistrate at Yass and that thoro wns n fund to supply tho emergencies of porsons out of employment. On being informed that there was no such officer nnd no such fund tho applicants left much disappointed. They stated that they had wnlked from Sydnoy. whoro no means of subsistence could bo found, and that they had oncounterod great difficulties on tho road to save themsolves from starvation. Tho condition of the labouring Class is as bad this year as it was during those ol 1841-43. That which has long been felt in Sydney we nre now becoming acquainted in tho interior. Rain. — Somo copious showers fell last midnight, but when tho sun rose tho atmosphcro was intensely warm. Wo may expect a great deal of sicknosa during the autumn. There was a heavy downfall in the afternoon on tho Yass Plains, and tho water in Jones's Creok reached to tho knees of tho horses crossing. Thero was at the time only a sprinkling in Yass. Embezzlement.— Ycstorday cvoning n young man nnmed Mnrtin, in the service of Mr Patrick Sheokey, of Oootna-strnet. wns givon into custody to senior-constable Murphy by his employer, on a charge of having sometimo since embezzlod four teen shillings, which had been paid to him by Mr Garter, of Binnlong. and had not been accounted for. It is probable that there has been an acci dental omission of the ontry. as the young man boars a good character. Mr Wilkinson has been rotained for tho proseution. Alleged Siiebp- stealino.— Thomas Scanlon, a farmer residing nonr Bowning, has been nppro- hended by tho police stationed at Binnlong on a charge of stealing four sheep, the property of Michael Oonroy, a stockholder residing nt a place on tho Qundagai rond, known as Conroy's Gap. Scanlon has a few pet sheep that wore in the hnbit of feeding around his residence. It is alleged that fobr strange ones joined tho lot. branded NY, the brand of Oonroy. They wcro claimed by him, ( taken away, nnd one killed and skinned for the , purpose of producing tho brand beforo the bench at Binnlong. where the accused will be brougth up , to-day. Mr Dense has boon rotained for tho j defence. IIiohway Robbery, — On Wednesday, about noon, Jaines Caile wns npprohended at his rosi- i denco by the police stationed at Dryburgh, Fish | River, on a chnrge of having " stuck-up " Eyans's Btoro nt Rcid's Flat, and robbed it of a quantity of wearing nppnrel and some money. The pri soner, along with a brother and a young man named McGuire, was accused a few years ago with " bailing up" somo Ohinamen near Burrown, and robbing them of gold dust. Two of tho parties wero tried at Ynss Quarter Sessions, defended by Mr Holroyd, but convicted and served sentonoes. Pastoral. — A thousand head of mixed sheep were offered in Ynss yesterday at sixpence a head. They come from the northern country, and are considerably below the condition of " stores." Tarban Greek.— Tho following notieo has beon issued from the Colonial Secretary's Office : — It being intended that tbo establishment nt Tarban Greek, now known as " The Tarban Creek Lunntic Asylum," should principally bo used ns a curative hospital, or placo for tho treatment of persons suffering from mental diseases, with a viow to their cure — His Excellency tho Governor, with tho advice of tho Executive Council, directs it to bo notified, that the said establishment shall, from and after this date, be officially designated by tho name of " The Hospital for tho Insane, Glades- ville," without prejudice nevertheless to its use, as occasion may require, as a lunatio asylum. Excerpta. — Tho Itnlinn opera company have been performing in Goulburn during tho pnst week. Thoy intend to visit Ynss nnd Gundngni. A small wooden bridge on tho Braidwood and Goulburn road was destroyed by fire on Monday llftt'iiij£riconfro m" a t a v la ,' ''ftH ft" December, snys, " Count von Attems has confessed, and is to get n severe sentonoe. His yacht, tho Hamlet's Ghost, has, I believe, been sold for about 200Z, On his way to Java ho fired into a vessol for not showing her colours, and after his arrest bo insisted upon the Austrian Consul sending to Singapore to intercept an Austrian frigate and, order her to come to effect his release." The nomination for a member for tho Western Gold-fiolds took place on Monday. There nro two onndidatos in the field— Mr Walter Churcb, of Sydney; and Mr Blakefiold. The show of hnnds was in favour of Mr Church. Mr W. R. Tompleton, who was a candidate, has retired from tho contest. Mr Yerdon wrote by tho last mail from London to tho Government, stating that tho plans of tho Mel bourne Mint are in course of preparation, and that tho architect who is to superintend tho work was ' to leave by tho fallowing mail,— —Two fresh cases of small-pox have beon discovered at Groensbrough near Melbourno. Mr Francis Edward Rogers barrister- at-law, will recoivo tho appointment of Crown prosecutor for tho Southorn district, vice Mr W. R. 'i'empleton, resigned. Favourable replies have been goocrally received to circulars issued by thp Borough Council of Ballarat to other local bodies throughout the oolony with reference to the proposal to obtain a penny postngo and a uniform telegrnphic rate of Is. far ten words, ——Mr Verdon. the Colonial Agent-General far Victoria m London, has written to the Government, recommending tho resumption of immigration and tho establishment of tho mail servieo via tho Capo of Good Hope.— —A corrcepondent sends the following to the Western Post .—Mr N. P. Bayley has just delivered to Mr T. S. Hall, of Dartbrook two rams, sixteen months old, and three of tho same ago to Mr J B. Christian, of Walhollow. Liverpool Plains, all at forty guinons each. Such prices for young sheep, in these depressed times spoak highly of the great excellence of the Havilah mennoes.— -It is stated that Mr Hassall, of Braidwood, hns commonced an notion for slander against Mr Rodd, member for the Southern Gold- fields on account of .evidence given beforo tho commission that sat in Braidwood to inquiro into the state of crime in that district. Mr James Martin and Sir Will, am Manning have been retained by Mr Hassall. A telegram from Maryborough, dated Monday, states— A lode of galena, eighteen inches wide, hns been found at Yarrul. in tho Burnett district. Mr F. Cooper uarriHier, mr riansen, ana others, nro tho pro prietors. It is estimated to contain 100 ozs. silver to the ton. Scarlatina has broke out nt Albury nnd one or two children are dangerously ill there -—A bazaar is to be held at Albury to assist the fund for the erection of the convent. The Innd selections at Albury amounted Thursday week to 1324 acres.— The Rev. Mr Quinlaven'hns been drowned whilst bathing at Port Mncquorio. The cases of smnll-pox discovered at Greensborou»h (Victoria), are considered by the profession generally to be very serious. No fresh cases have broken out in Melbourne.-- -The Victorian Government intend to introduoe a Scab in Sheep Act enrly next session.— —A girl named Mary Anno Kinnear hns escaped from tho Industrial School at Nowcastle and returned to her poronts at Maitland. She has been arrested and taken bnok to Newcastle The proprietor or tho Newcastle Pilot has recovered 51\. damages against the proprietor of the Newcastle Chronicle far inserting a libel, said to bo copied from the Australian Protestant Banner. 19 000 very fine, good-conditioned sheep, belonging to James Ooohrano. Esq.. Widgiewa. passed Wagga JnST'n?" ?\l m"7 t0 Yarara Paddocks and a portion of the Mannus country. Tub Monooos as a snake-killer.-Some of our readers will recollect that on tbo occasion of tho Duke of Edinburgh's visit to the Museum a mongoos that belonged to Mr Parkes was let looso with two live snakes, which, in two or three minutes, be destroyed. One of these reptiles was Thn PHU -0' l| J a larg0 carpet snako. The little animal made several nttaoks upon the larger reptile, eaoh time diBongaging itsolf from the folds of tho snake and retiring to a short dis- tanoo for a fresh spring. Tho blnok snake, which we boliovo is ono of the most venomous, was seized securely by tho head, nnd tho mongoos never lot go till his victim was dond. As tho singular in-, stinct of this nnimal. which seems co gito it a special pleasure in killing snnkes. is little known amongst us, nnd is somotimos doubted, wo give the fallowing particulars of nn instanco whioh has just occurred with nnother mongoos belonging to Mr PnrkoR. Lnst Saturday evening, about . dusk, ono of Mr Parkes'a children reported that a largo snako wns on tho top of the cellar steps at tho back of tho liouso. A light having been ob tained, a brown snako, about four feet long, was discovered on tho upper part of tho steps, ap parently absorbed in the contemplation of somo young chickens that wero roosting under tho verandah. Neither tho light nor the spectators in any wise disturbed it. jit was first proposed to turn out a mongoos that was confined in a cage, but ns this nnimal hnd never been allowed to run nliout, it wns fanrcd that bo might be lost in tho dnrkness and confusion. A delay of fivo or six minutes took plnce, during which the snitko kept his ground, when ultimately a shot wns fired at it, which wounded it in ahout tho middle, and disabled it from running away. Tho mongonB was thon tnken out of his cage and tho snako put into it, still in a very lively stnto— his head dnrting nbout in all directions, Tho mongoos wns restored to his cage, and- ho almost instantly mndc aset nt tho reptile, retreating nnd advancing with its movements for n fow seconds, nnd then springing with surprising quickness and precision upon its head, which lie crushed to pieces between his'teeth. Eastern travellers speak of this littlo animal ns dancing with delight round his dead onomy, when ho has beon seen to dispatch a snako in his native jungles, and the mongoos, whose font we now record, showed a similar sense of exulta tion even within tho limits of his cage. 1 1 o dragged the dead snake from one end to the other of his cage several times, wnlked round it in ap parent triumph, nnd came to tho wires to be potted ns if conscious that he had rendered a service. — S M. Herald. Sudden Death. — A very startling instanco of sudden death occurred on Sunday morning at the Temperance Hall, Sydnoy, whoro, ns usual, about a hundred poor persons were met to breakfast. They had scnrcely begun their meal, when an elderly man, who. notwithstanding his poverty, was noat and rcspcctablo in his nppenrance, and who was unknown by nnme to the conductors of this charity, after pouring out somo coffee into his Baucer, fell down and expired in a few moments. When it wns scon that' life was extinct, a policeman, who wns passing nt the time, was called in, nnd tho body removed to tho dend- liouse. An inquest was hold on Monday, at which it wns deposed that death resulted ftom fatty de generation of tho heart. — Empire. A Fearful State op Things. — If reliance can be placed on the statomcnt of tho Onrcoar correspondent of tho Bathurst Free Press, a more terrible instance ol tho effects of drought can scarcely bo givon than tho following : —Tho district is crowded wiih travelling sheep, thero being upwards of two hundred thousand in it at tho presont time, hundrods of which nro dying daily, and not one- fourth of them will live to re-, turn to their stntions. If rain does not come soon they will perish for the want of water, and if rain does come they will die from cold and weak ness ; far I am certain that six hours' rain would kill fifty thousand of them. Fire at Two-milk Flat.— The store of Mra Tucker, at tho Two- milo Flat, wns totally de stroyed by firo enrly on the morning of Wednes day last. Mrs Tucker was absent nt Long Creek, and two men wero loft on tho promises. They were nrnusod by tho placo being in flames, and tho building1' being of weathorboard. and water almost unattninnhlo for the purposo of extinguish ing the flames, the wholo of the building and its oontcnts wero speedily destroyed. An inquest ivas held at Mr Driscoll's. Two-milo Hat, on Fri day, and tho jury roturned nn open verdict. Thn nrom'ionq worn inanrod in thn Victoria Office, for 1000Z.: Australasian. 1000Z. ; Imperial, 750/. ; New Zealand, 500Z. ; Australian Alliance. 500/! Total, 3750 Z. — Western Post. A man named 'Thomas Ryan hns been committed for trial on sus picion of burning tho store. Civil Service Changes,— We nre given fo understand tlint on the retirement of Mr Tumpson from tho chiof clerkship of the Legislative Assembly, tho Speaker's recommendation of a general riso of a stop by seniority, in tho Assembly staff, will be accoded to by tbo Government. So that tho second clerk, Mr O. F. Kelly, will suc ceed Mr Tompson; Mr Oonnory will succeed Mr Kelly; Mr Webb, Clerk of Committees, will suc ceed Mr Oonnery, nnd so on. Thus no now blood will be pntrnduced except in tho case of Mr Arnold (son or tho Speaker), who is now in the Works de partment. and who will benppointod to some sub ordinate position in tho Legislative Assembly staff. — Empire. Struck by Lightning. — An alarming nceident occurred on Thursday Inst to tho wife of tho Rev. Mr Olden, Wenloyan minister, during the thunder storm which passed over Bathurst that morning. It appears that Mrs Olden had risen at nn enrly hour, and that whilst she was engage ) in her domestic avocations, tho storm came on which very nearly resulted fatally to tho lady. Becoming alarmed at tho violence of the storm and the close proximity of tho lightning, Mrs Olden went to her husband's bodsido nnd expressed her alarm. Mr Olden endeavoured to allay her fears and placed lus hand upon her shoulder, when tho electric fluid, attended hy a deafening clap ol thunder, came orusliing through tho coiling, striking tho lady in its course nnd rendering her inrensiblo. Of courso tho grentest consternation followed, nnd Dr. Mnchattie was at once sent for. Tho doctor found that Mrs Olden was suffering from a great shock to the system, besides a severe burn on one of the legs. Tho lightning first struck her on tho side, descendod a short distance, penetrated tho clothes and burnt the leg from the knee down wards. The electric fluid pierced the ceiling in seven different places, making four small and three large holes through the plaster, and, in its course towards tho earth, appenrs to have traversed tho bod posts nnd shattered the wooden rollers of the castors to atoms. Wo aro glad to hear that Mrs Olden is progressing favourably, although the shock to the system has been very great. In the evening of Thursday, Mrs Olden's symptoms were not so favourable ns they hnd been during tho day, as another sovere thunderstorm passed over the town, and had a very trying effect uDjn thn Indu-a nervous system. On Friday, however, she wa- in a fair way towards convalescence.— Bathurst Times, Pastoral Items, —The Wagga Wagga Advertiser of Snturday snys; — At Inst there seems to bo some ground far hoping that the drought with which wo havo been so long nfllioted hns broken up. During tho week wo have been favoured with somo refreshing showors. whioh, if they hnvo not done much absolute good, aro, ot any rate, cheering as indications of more to oome. In the immediate neighbourhood of tho town the rainfall, though heavy while it lasted, was of too short a duration to bo of much service; but in other quarters, especially in the direction of Kyamba, a groat deal of rain fell. The Gregadoo creeks and waterholea received a plentiful supply, nnd the same may ho said of the Wnntabndgory and Ounindroo runs. Still, under tho most favourable circumstances, it must bo a long time beforo the district recovers from tho effects of the severe season through which it hns passed. Notwithstanding tbo difficulties in the way of travelling, large numbers of sheep and cattle continue to wond their way to tho moun tains. The holders of that description of country must bo making n porfeot harvest out of tho necessities of their brethren of tho plnin. Com plaints aro still frequent from the occupiers of frontago country of tho ravages rando by travelling stock on their grass nnd water. Oonsidorin-<\- how littlo there is to bo spared of either, itis a monstrous hardship that both should be nt the mercy of all the Btarved-out " baek-blookcrs" of the district. But it iB easier to cry out than to \- suggest a remedy. There can be no question that s but for this " travelling " system, one-half the $ sheep of the district would have perished miserably \- long ago. It is evident, however, that to avoid < serious oollisions between " travellers " and stntion- i holders, there must be some more definite legisla tion ob to this important point. The flay correspondent of the snme journnl supplies the following- — Mr Jnmes Forsyth reports business somewhat inaative owing to the drought. No fat \ onttlo are passing to mnrket. For stores there is a fair demand : and he is negotiating tho sale of S00 cows. Sinae the sale of Lenrmonth's 2000 ' store ewes lately, no transactions in sheep to ' record, save the purchase, by Messrs. Sovcrne, of 3500 hnlf-fat wethers at 4s. Qd. cash. There is good enquiry for latter description of Block, and he could place 6000 to 8000 good framed sis-tooth sheep, if on the river, Messrs. Holmes and Wade's Hook of 5000 mixed sheep travelling up the Murrumbidgee are sold now, and are all under orders for delivery at Lake Bngu. Mr Dow. of Toganmain, hns disposed of another draft of Cox's Mudgeo rnras to Messrs. Rullen. of Tom's Lake, at satisfactory rates. The Murrumbidgee is now so low, as to be fordable almost any- ; where. Tho sheep mentioned above as having boon purchased by Messrs. Severno wore crossed at Toogimbie without loss. Wo tako the following from tho Wagga Wagga Express : — Since our last wo have had a promising brenk in the weather, and tho sanguine graziers began to congratulate themselves that, at last, the drought was coming to an end. But these cheering visions have all faded away, tho clouds have disnppenred, and the weather, to all appearance, is likely to con tinue as dry as ever. On Sunday wo had a short but violont thundar storm, tho rain, in little streaks of country here and there, pouring down in aper- foot deluge. A few dams were filled, many others were partially replenished, the thirsty soil was for about half-an-hour tolerably well drenched, and then the weather soon olenred up again. On Wednes day evening the sky again beonmo overcast, and in tho course of tho' night the rain again descended » in short but frequent showers. On Thursday morning the weather oontinued lowering and threatening, with occasional showers, and it was then gonernlly believed that tho drought wns roally brooking up. hut Boon after midday tho sun burst through the fleeting clouds, and the weather, we regret to say, has ngain assumed all tho appear ances of "settled fair." On many of the stations in this district the rapid failing of water is begin ning to excito the graveBt apprehensions. Springs, water holes, and dams that have never been dry i bororo, have either given out altogether, or have v run so low that, in tho absence of rain their com plete drying up line now been reduced to a question r. of days. Wherever it lias been possible Btock have been sent to the mountains or elsewhore, for feed and water, but tho bulk of tho sheep, and almost all of the cattle, have been necossnrily left bohind, arid if we are not soon blessed with rain. i tho losses by deaths from starvation and weakness to tho less favourably Bituated runholders will bo : terrible indeod. From more than ono station : overy hoof has been removed, and to show the straits to which the much abused graziers are now reduced, wo may mention that on one run within half a days ride of this town, and on which very largo sums of money have been expended in the construction of dams, tbero is not now from one end of it to the other ono single drop of water to bo procured, and tho few solitary occupants of the < homestead have, within the Inst fow days, been i absolutely obliged to cart for very many miles | oven tbe little that they require lor domestic pur- i poses. We clip the following from tho Deniliquin \ Chronicle of Thursday Business oontinues dull, : and crossings here during the week have beon nil, s 3000 fat sheep left Palmor's stntion on Saturday a and will travol to Victoria via Swan Hill ; and a ' flook of the same description of stook, about 2000, is now eight miles this side of Wangonilla. be longing to Mr Dickson, of Oooroonboon, nnd in tho hands of Dal. Campbell nnd Co. 230 fat oattle left Moroco. Mr A. M'Laurin's station, this weeg, nnd proDaoly crossed tbe Murray yesterday, in tho bands of Messrs. Ettershank nnd Oo. On tho 14th 311 fat cattle crjsscd at Echuca from Perricootta, Messrs. Robertson. Wagner and Go's. Many drafts of sheep are proceeding to the pots of Messrs. Loonnrd and Oo. at Moama, and the re sults of operations conducted there appear to give satisfaction under presont circumstances. We hear that Messrs. Hope and Scott. ofTogimbie. nre energetically proceeding with tho erection of an engine and tho laying down of pipes by which water will bo carried some twenty miles back on that run; and that boiling down at Groongal is still going on. Recent nows from tho Lachlan in forms us that ram has fallen, and that on Mosa- giell and somo othor Btations a supply of water has been received. We hope fuller information may justify the hopo that the supply has beon largo and extensive ; as the weather is now. and hns been repeatedly, threatening. Since our last the tem perature has been moderate, southerly winds oc casionally prevailing, and a few exceedingly light showers falling. Tho Dubbo Dispatch of Friday last reports From all pnrts of the district wo hoar bad accounts. The drought has now sot in in fearful earnest; and as the water is fast disappear ing in the creeks and dams, tho npprehension of loss nnd disaster is causing all our squatters to foel decidedly uncomfortable. Travelling sheep are soouring the country in all directions, nnd somo of them as they now appear are wretched sights. Wo are "waiting for tho ends" and wo can only hope that a bountiful Providence may decrco that ond to be propitious. From Bourko we lonrn that the Darling country— -back nnd frontngo— is very dry and bare. Rain is much required, and unless it comes shortly losses are expeotod. Tho Bogan residents are also in a sad quandary ; many stock- owners will have to gather up their Lnres and Penates and fly for a time to more favoured , localities, should Jupiter Pluvius not condescend to visit us with showers. In fact, every part of tne Qistnot is in the same plight; and it appears from the accounts we have from the South, that affairs there are as bad as they are here. Upon our own river tho position of affairs is very little better ; the grass is almost all gone, and the water away from the river will very soon all be gone also. Thousands of sheep have been sent up to the mountains ; many thousands more would doubtless be sent after them if travelling in this dry state of the roads were practicable, but the country is now i so bare that to Btart thorn would almost inevitably result in tbeir certain destruction. We heard the othor day of one flook of 3000 being offered for sale at one shilling per head, and even at that price failing to securo a buyer, and of another flock of 1000 being offored at sixpence per head, with a like reBult. We are thoroughly glad to be able to state that " starvation " nnd not " scab " was tho ailment from which the sheep stopped last-week at Guntawnng were suffering. Starvation to bo sure : is bad_ enough ; but it is far rreferablo to the de- ;; struct; ve diseaso whioh years since we were so suc cessful in stamping out. Sticking up of tub Gybipie Ooaoh.— A corres- , pondont of the S. M. Herald writes: — Tho hush- ; ranger in custody, it has been ascertained by sworn evidence and police information, is tho notorious : Wijlinm Bond, who so long defied the efforts of the ; police to capture him. He is five feet Beven inches \- m height, very strong built, and immensely thiok- ; neoked. This is tho man who ordered the conch to stop, presenting his revolver, and who fired three shots at Mr W. Selwyn King. At this man Mr King discharged one shot from tho conch, and that shot entered his abdomen at the left side and ; passed quite through his body, coming out at his ; bnck about an inch lower than whero it entered. He was taken by two policemen in plain clothes, and being lame from the wound, was easily cap- tured. Ho has been identified, it is believed, be- l yond doubt. Even tbe strango piece of American s oloth with whioh he disguised his fnce was found I on his person. His wound his green and festor- , ing. The other bushranger, who covered Mr King 5 with hia double- barrelled gun. and who groaned < and oursed when Mr King discharged the remnin- > ' ing shots in his revolver at him, is named Palmar. This man has been regarded as a desperate i character for a long time, robbing under arms. It was be who Btuok up a public-house in the neighbourhood a Bhort time ago, and fired at tbe inmatos. Ho too, it is believod, was wounded by Mr King's revolver, and the woman belonging to him has given evidenoe against him. but ha hns been since joined by another bushranger. The police, however, are nfter thom with a black trncker. On Friday, the 15th, the police enme upon thom, when fiftoen Bhots were exchanged. The robbers were armed with a rifle, a double- barrelled gun, and three revolvers, and having fleet and fresh horses, escaped. Tho inspector of police with four men and fresh horses, is in hot pursuit, and determined to bring them into Gympie dead or alivo. It is marvellous to think how those two desperate ruffians were successfully resistod by one young man. armed only with a singlo revolver, and ono of its ohambers powerless from wnnt of a sap; nnd that they retreated from the field with out touching the mail or tho bank's money. It is only ncoounted for on tho prosumption that both the robbers were effectually damaged by Mr King's shot. Tho Gympie Times reports tho proceedings at the Polioo Court. Tho following is the ovidenco of Mr Thomns King, who wns on the coneh at the time of the occurrence.- — Thomns King: I am a civil engineer by profession, nnd recently n store keeper on Gympie; I remember tho morning of tho 6th; I wns n passenger on Oobb nnd Oo.'s conch proceeding to Brisbnnothat morning; I was sitting on the box seat, bctweon the guard and tho coachman there were also Mr Freestone, Mr Selwyn King, Richard Dwyer, David IValker, nnd Honry Smith ; I started from Cobb's olfioo about ten minutes pnst six : about fivo miles out of Gym pie, after crossing a deep gullymnd beforo arriving at tho top of tho hill, a man rushed from behind n tree on the top of the hill with a double- barrelled gun in his hnnd ; he rushed noross tho rood on the off side of the horses and ten yards in front of them, calling out " bail up," in n kind of Irish no- cent : ho had tho gun to his shoulder ; I said to tho driver. " go on ;" he said to tho guard — "get off, or I'll blow your brains out, and take hold of tho lending horses ;" anothor man rushed from be hind a log on tho same side, but behind the coach, with a rovolver in his hand: he cried "stop, coaohrann, or I'll fire ; I don't want to hurt you the coachmnn pulled up : the guard got down and took hold of the leading horseB ; before ho had time to lay hold of tho horses a shot was fired by ono of tho passengers from inside the coach ; throe or four shots wero then fired back by the bush ranger with the revolver; one of theshotB wound ing one of tho passengers, who was shot through the wrist; the man with tho revolver standing about four yards behind and on one side of the coach, cnlled out—" Now. one at a time out of the ooaoh;" he said, "you with tho white coat out first" — presenting the rovolver at Mr Freestone, who then got out; the bushranger snid to him "pull off your coat— who fired the pistol P" Mr Froestone replied — " I did not firo the pistol, you can havo all tho monoy I have he pulled out of his pocket throe sovereigns, a half-soveroign. and somo silver: he then said "pull off your waist coat, sir i" Mr Froestone took off his watch, say ing. " you don't want my watch, which has been a long timo in the family;" tho bushranger Baid, "put it down, or I'll firo;" ho said, "you go over to the log, and lay down on your faco ;" tho log was ten or fifteen yards from the coach ; Mr Free stone went to the log; Dnvid Walker, tho wounded mnn, was then ordered out: on getting out he said, " look here you wretches, sec what you have done," holding out his arm ; the bushrnnger re plied, " Stand off, stnnd off. and pull out your pockets," which ho did ; ho took out two sovereigns which ho laid an tho ground, nnd a watch and chain; he wa3 then ordcrod to the log alongside of tho other one; the bushranger then said, " tho next mnn out !" and Peter Dwyer got out and laid down a pound, but he had no watch : tho next wns Smith: and I think Mr W. Selwyn King was the Inst ; I was on tho box all tho timo : Mr King was ordered to pull off his coat, waistooat, nnd shirt, and go to the log. which ho did; he previously Inid on the ground somo money and his watch ; tne samo bushranger then ordored mo from tho box ; they said he callod mo bv name, but I do not know that he did ; I got off the box on the near sido, and wont round the baok oloso to tbe bushrnnger, pnssing close to him ; ho ordered mo to strip ; I pulled off my boot, nnd he .said, "Put that on again, Bir;" I said "All right — bo easy, it requires no more shooting; you mado a mistake this timo; you can have my bit of money;" he then ordered me to pull off my Bhirt, and while I was doing so, Mr King rushed from the log nnd took something from his clothes that lay close to my feet; I was between him an4, the bushrnnger; ho ran nnd jumped over the log nnd I after him; aftor going about tho breadth of tho street ho fired two shots, at tho mnn with the gun, who ran a short distance after him ; when within thirty yards Mr King fired another shot at the samu bushranger ; the man called out. "come bnck you banana ," Mr King aimed again, but tho revolver missed firo ; I went back to the treo, and did not see Mr King any more; there wero about eight or nino shots fired ; I had laid down 1 U. nnd somo siivor on the ground ; when I came back, the bushrangor with the pistol said, " Put on your clothes, and into tho conch, every ono of you ;" in taking up my clothes I took 41. out of my money, and a wash-loather purse, whioh I after wards gave to the coachmnn ; we then got into the coach and drove away, tho man with the gun fol lowed us for about four hundred yards: wo thon went on to tho seven-milo shanty, and I went into Gympie to give information to tho police ; from the time the coach wns stuck up until I came down, it was at least a quarter of an hour, nnd I had a full opportunity of seeing one of the men , it wns about ten minutes from the time I got down until we drove off ; the mnn with tho doublo-bnr- relled gun had on a dark twsod sack oont, a wide awake hat, and a piece of green table oilcloth covering his face, hanging loose, with holes for the eyes, nose, and mouth ; ho had a pair of groy trousers, with a crnok down one sido, through which he could see his Bkia ; the other man had a long grey coat, very dirty, and looking something like oilcloth ; he had a slouched wide-awake hat, and a mask tbe same nB the other ; but the white side was out; I saw tho men for nbout five and twenty minutes ; I had a full opportunity of see ing them ; I saw several men in the look-up to day ; there were about twenty men in the room, and I identified the prisoner as ono of the bush rangers. the one who had the revolver; I could identify him nmong five hundred : I saw the pri soner once bofore nt the races: I never saw him since the slicking up until I saw him in tho lock up this morning : a dray came up with a man yes terday. but I did not see him. ob I was ordered by the police to keep out of the way : I pioked up the bullet fired by the bushrangors through the man's wrist, nnd I pioked one out of the framework of the coaob. In reply to the Polios Magistrate, the prisoner said ho had no questions to aBk the wit ness. for he was not at tne plnoo, and never saw the man in his life beforo. He could bring three witnesses to prove that be was at a distance from the plnoo on the day mentioned, and who could state as to the manner in which he met with his nccident. Examination of Thomas King rosumed by the inspector : I reoognise the voice of the mnn who has just spoken with the greatest certainty in the world. By tho prisoner: I swear positively you are the mnn I saw at the coaoh. At tho re quest of the inspector, prisoner was remanded until Wednesday morning. A telegram in the Brisbane Courier, dated Gympie. Janunry 22nd, says : — "The man Bond, charged with bushrang- ing, has been remandod for the evidence of Walker, who was wounded, and is now in hospitnl. The case is clear as to Bond's identification. Two witnesses have sworn to him, and he oan give no satisfactory account of bis own woundB." Holloway's Pills.— Blood to the Head, with Symptoms of Apoplexy.— Holloway's pills are undeniably tho finest medicine in the world for biliousness and indigestion, in all cases of deranged stomach, determination of blood to tbo head, biliousness, siok headache, liver complaints, whioh frequently end fatally, by producing apoplexy or paralysis. There is no medioine known that will give suoh immediate relief as tbeso renowned pills ; young nnd old, rioh and poor, patronise tbem, and so many cures are effected by their use that their praise is sounded from the torrid to tho frigid zone ; in truth, persons who travol oonsider them a necessary requisite. Frequently tho blood becomes overheated, the liver torpid, the skin irritated by prickly heat, and the whole system languid and exhausted. Nothing so soon gives rolief as Hollo- way's pills. 