THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL, Mr. Editor,—The present year which is now gliding on apace will, if we mistake not, prove one of the most eventful since the Christian era ; and will be deemed well worthy of the white mark, not only for its witnessing the happy and final settlement of many momentous questions which have been for years "dragging their slow length along," but also for its beholding the inauguration of a solemn assembly, whose deliberations cannot fail to command the vigilant attention of the Christian world, and whose final results, as they are still concealed in the womb of futurity, no man can calculate,or predict. An CEcumeuical Council is very generally supposed to have for its main ends the adoption, of some new article of belief, and the promulgation of some new dogma; but such an idea is altogether erroneous; for as St. Vincent of Serius remarks :— "In these matters the Church does nothing more by her councils than consign by writing to posterity what she has received by tradition from those gone before, and for the most part for the light of the understanding, not marking any new sense of faith by the appropriation of a new name." These councils never produced any article of faith de novo, but merely affirmed and set their seals to those which, though always believed and acknowledged, yet wanted the stamp of authority. It was only when some particular point of faith or practice was assailed, and when false and heretical ideas thereupon began to be widely disseminated, that a council was convened by which the true belief, in conformity with Scripture and tradition, was decided and decreed. When, for instance, some of the believing Jews asserted that it was necessary to circumcise the Gentile converts and to command them to keep the law of Moses, the Apostolical Council was held at Jerusalem, under the presidency of St. James, A.D. 52, which set the question at rest for fever. This, as it was the first of all the councils held in the Christian Church, may be likewise regarded as the model after which all those that succeeded were framed. When the Consubstantiality of the Son with the Father was denied by Arius, who asserted that the Son was created out of nothing before the foundation of the world, and could only be called God in consequence of his extraordinary powers, the first Council of Nicoea in Bithynia, was convened by Constantine the Great, A.D. 325. The results of this were the condemnation of the Arian doctrine, and the exposition of the orthodox faith regarding the Second Person of the Trinity. When Macedonius disallowed the Divinity of the Holy Ghost, Theodosius the Great convoked the first Council of Constantinople, A.D. 381, which anathematized that heresy ; added the words " filioque" " and from the Son " to the articles of the Nicene creed already drawn up and declared, and published the creed itself in its present shape. When Nestorius opposed the title of BCOTOKOS, " Mother of God," as applied to the Blessed Virgin, and taught that the Divine nature was not incarnate in Jesus, but only attendant on Him being added to His human nature after the latter was formed, the Council of Ephesus assembled by Theodosius the Younger, A.D. 431, affirmed the hypostatic union of the Divine and human natures in the person of Our Lord. The Eutychian or Monophysite heresy, according to which there was but one nature in Christ that of the Incarnate Word, was condemned by the Council of Chalcedon, which was summoned by the Emperor Marcian, A.D. 451, and which authoritatively defined the existence of two natures in Him. The doctrines of Origen regarding the resurrection of the body, future punishments, and the pre-existence of the soul, were condemned by the Second Council of Constantinople which was assembled by Justinian I., A.D. 553. When the dogmas 1 of the Monothelites, who held that though there were two natures in Christ, yet after their union there was but oue will and one operation, caused divisions in the Church, the Third Council of Constantinople was convened by Constantine Poganotus, A.D. 680, by which the existence of two wills as well as two natures in Him was distinctly asserted. Passing over all the intermediate Councils, not as being uninteresting or unimportant, but simply through want of time and space, I will come to the last Great Council that of Trent, A.D. 1545—1563, which was assembled to oppose the Protestant heresies. The attacks of the heresiarch Luther having been directed in succession against almost all the articles of the Catholic faith required, and educed, in reply from that Council, a full exposition of each point. In fact, its decrees may be looked upon not only as an epitome of all those which had been previously ratified and published to the world, but also as a synopsis of the whole Christian doctrine. That Council, while, indeed, it prevented in a very great measure any future defection from the ancient Church, by confirming in the belief in which they had. been born many -who, though wavering, had not yet _taken the final step; yet came all too soon after the'outbreak of the so- called Information to effect its total suppression and induce those who had already deserted that Church to return; for men's njinds were too much inflamed with, the ardour of an innovating and,.subverting, .fanaticism .to permit them to reason coolly and take heed of the stupendous wrong they Were committing, and of the legacy of doubt, infidelity, and iltt they were laying up for their descendants. Since then, centuries have elapsed; generations have been born, have lived and have passed away ; men's minds have cooled.; the range of fanaticism has subsided ; numbers have begun to doubt as well the advantage as the propriety of being, as they are, severed from the ancient faith^ tthen they behold the terrible progress made by the errors and unbelief which were consequent upon Luther's revolt, and to feel welling up within their breasts a return of affection towards the Mother Church, and a desire to be re-united to her once again. And now at a fitting time the New Council steps in, to confirm the vacillating, to strengthen the weak, to give assurance to the doubting, and confidence to the timid; inviting all who rejoice in the common name of Christian to come and rest within her fold; and protesting on behalf of the Christian world against the infidel notions of the day. Protestants generally admit that the first six Councils in theChilrch were (Ecumenical, but refuse to acknowledge any of the succeeding as such ; because, say they, after the schism between the Eastern and Western Churches the entire Christian body was not represented in any of them. Catholics, however, cannot allow of such a plea for refusing to any of them that title, for they are bound to believe that theirs is the one true Church, representatives of which assembled ftoift 'All parts of the habitable world—'H yrj oiKov/nvrq—must needs form an (Ecumenical Council. With regard to the belief of Catholics that theirs is the true Church, the following remarks will not, I trust, prove uninteresting :— All the words from which the terfti " Church is derived—TOU KU/>IOU otfcos—had especial reference to the temple at Jerusalem, which was styled, par excellence, " The Lord's Hoilse "; and whichever of the sections of Christianity can be shown to be most analogous in its services to those celebrated in that place will be the best entitled to the term. Upon examination, we find that the Catholic Church is not only the nearest and the most closely corresponding, but even in its service fills the same piai.6 in the Christian dispensation As did those of the Temple in the Jewish. For as in the latter alone sacrifices were offered by a divinely- ordained priesthood, so in the former alohe are they daily offered by an Apostolical Ministry; and if I might carry the analogy still farther, I would say that while in theTemple the Lord "dwelt between the Cherubims" in the Catholic Church, He is ever present oh our altars. Now, though the schismatical Eastern Christians still retain the Apostolical succession, yet, as they are heterodox in their doctrine and have severed themselves from that Communion whose faith has descended from the Apostolic ages pure and undefiled, they cannot be considered members of The Church; much less can their body be called Catholic, as it is not, as the Roman Church is spread over the world—naff okov Ko&fiov; The same arguments, save and except the concession of Apostolicity, hold good, but in a more intense degree, with regard to heretical communities. Seeing, then, that the Catholic Church is emphatically " The Church " which is spread all over the world, a Council representing her must be (Ecumenical. NEO CATHOLICUS. DEATH OF AN EUREKA STOOKA.DE MAN.—The Talbot Lender reports the death of a Mr. Lessman, who was for some years a keeper of the Amherst reservoir. The deceased, who was in bis 42nd year, was born in Hanover, and at an early age entered the army, and as lieutenant in the Hanoverian Contingent took part in several engagements during the Schleswig Holstein war of 1848. At tbe conclusion of the war he left the army, and after a short stay in England he came to Victoria, and took a foremost part in connection with tbe Ballarat riots of 1854, when he received a slight wound during the encounter of the miners with the military and police at the famous Eureka Stockade. For the part he took in these riots lie was outlawed, but this was subsequently remitted. He afterwards engaged iu business, but pn the whole was unsuccessful, as also were most of bis ventures in mining. A Boy SHOT AT B ALI/ABAT.—On Tuesday night, at Banker's Hill; Ballarat, after an altercation between . the children of .two men, named Edwards and Adams, whose farms adjoined each other, the former brought out a gun and deliberately'shot the'eldest'sOn.of the latter. The gun was seemingly loaded witbshot, as tbe boy was bleeding from several wounds when taken into his'home bf his father. The man Edwards gave himself upto the'police on Wednesday morning when tie boy was etiU alive though i,a a critical state. 