SPIRITUAL MANIFESTATIONS * SHOEBLACK "POSSESSED." The last ineeiuiQ -r»jw Diaiectjoai Society was hold on Tuesday, Dr. Edmuna? ^ nt which M. Chevalier narrated many incidents ut r''.."mactla pro duced on his merely placing his finger on a tnpuu , that somotimes ovil spirits had come, and by adjuring them in the namo of tho "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost," the phenomena had coased. Mr. T. Percival stated that for many years prior to spiritualism in its present phaso being mentioned, he was subject to super natural influences; that, once anxious to decido whether he should cuter as a student at Cambridge, Oxford, or Dublin, lie had a vision. lie saw a collegiate room. In it were himself and a person peculiarly robad. Certain incidents took place, and the vision vanished. Ho de cided on going to Oxford, when ho was puzzled as to the Thirty-nino Articles. A friend with whom ho conversed invited him to his chambers. Ho went, and found ho was in tho room he had seen in his vision, hi3 friend dressed in tho same manner, and all tho incidents oc curred as foreseen. Another incident was narrated as to three persons seen in a vision during a journey, which was verified in a few hours. Blr, Percival considered the visions woro given to satisfy his mind that ho was in tho right path, ho having prayerfully asked guidance. Miss Anne Blackwell, of Paris, gave an interesting statement as to the religious view.-i of a portion of tuu Parisian Spiritualists ; that she had seen at her own home interesting phenomena, which amply proved that they were produced by unseen intelligent powers ; that doubtless thero wero diabolic spirits as well as the opposite, who produced the phenomena ; but that as far as her experience wont, she was opposed to treating them as " accursed ;" that by kindness of feeling, and advice tendered to those who behaved themselves wildly, she had results such as elicited from them expressions of thankfulness; that somo six friends were one evening together, and saw the apparition of a beloved friend clad in beautiful drapery pass through the room, and the spirit rocogniscd them. Herr Friswell doclared that he had witnessed on ono occasion that which appeared to bo diabolic possession of several persons in a room; that he by adjuration caused the wholo phenomena to ceaso ; that ho had caused other phenomena not of that character. In answer to a question, " Have you seen mesmeric will power exercised without any invocation ?" ho. stated ho had not any such experience. His answer amuBed several persons present who had seen mesmeric phenomena in many phases. Mr. J. S. Bergheim stated that ho was accustomed to tho phenomena arising in mesmerism and biology, and that persons unacquainted with them should not impe riously denounce Spiritualistic phenomena as diabolic till they had made themselves practically acquainted with tho unseon powers of their natural life ; that he had soon spiritual phenoinona, and that ho in one instance had Been a sliooblack close to his oilice "possessed;" that ho put tho crowd back quietly, took tho boy's hand, and firmly requested (mentally) that tho spirit leave, At onca it did so, and tho boy was at once restored to his right mind. Tho CountesB of Powaro stated it was not fair and not consonant with tho character of tho Deity that all spiritual beinga not Trinitarians should be considered diabolical, or that His ministering spirits should be of tho sauio grade. Tho thanks of all present wcro then presented to Dt. Edmunds mid Mrs. Edmunds. This closod tho pro ceedings. THE DEATH OF LOUD Tauktow. - Lord Taunton died on Tuesday afternoon, after an lllnpm of only a few honra. Ho was born in 1798, took a first CIbbs In classics at Oxford in 1820, and fillod various offlccs In tho Government from 1832 to 1858, including thooo of Prosidcnt of tho Board of Trado, Chief Secro tary for Ireland, and Soerotary of State for tho Colonies. In 1858 ho was raised to tho peerage cs Lord Taunton, a titlo which ha assumed in compliment to the borough ha had represented for nearly thirty years. Hia latt public omploymont was as chairman of tho Endowed Schools Commission. By his first wife, u daughter of Sir Thomas Baring, ho had several daughters, one of whom U married to Captain Ellie, equerry of the Prince of Wales. Lord Taunton Kobseqaoatly married Lady Mary Howard, daughter of the sixth Eul of Car lisle. This lady survives him. 