[?] ; JlIE 'CHURCH AND THE BIBLE., ' (To the "Editor of the Protestant Standard.) , SlRjWe have, in the 'Fi;ccniai(s Journal of th(6/I5tli of May, this report of jj iectur,? 'delivered under the 'fdb;pyc';titlc> -by", -O.isliop Dr.'.M'Closlcey, at' Ne>y York, , iri order to raise rands tor a charitable -purpose,, j, The statement' that tire Church is older than the Bible is .no/tliing, new, tlie, object of it is .to, exalt .the Qhureh over the .Word of God,iJthc so-icalled Church claiming, to be, the interpreter of the Bible, the living voice'; by which, its doctr ines are to .be . ex pounded, and denounces, jail who , /dare, to interpret th'o' ' Scriptures contrary/ to ' the dictuni of tho Cliurcb, thus' setting aside man's /direct responsibility to , God by making him' responsible to the Church. : We may, at the outset of this question, deny in the- language of the Homilies of the -Church of England, that Itlie said Church is5 a ; true Ghufdli at all because she ris no t built uppn ' : tho--;JP/'ppAefa: and the Apostles, Jesus Christ being the true corner/stone, " for they have so intermingled traditions 'and inventions by chopping and changing, by adding and plucking away, that she is converted 'into a -guise: The Bishops of Rome i' and their adherents therefore are not the true Church of -Christ/ much less - to be ' taken as chief heads and rulers of the same. ''/Let any Roman Cathblic compare the Apostolic Creed " acknowledged' by his Church with the Modern Creed of 'Pius IV., the modern standard of. his Church and' he/must be convinced of the chipping and' changes, the adding and - plucking, which have taken -place in the standard of his' faith. ' He will see a once pure Church corrupted and defiled ;: "that it -needed 'the Reformations to wash her face clean/:and restore her to 'something like health: But,1 for- thei./sakc 'of' meeting the Bishop's statoihcrits, wowilbabaridbn tins fatal objection. 'The Bishop starts by say ing ilve would cori fino himself to the Chris tian' Church and' thc Rooks' !of- the' New Testament, . to : prove tho Church Jto be older than-- the" Scriptures. ; Now, we say this is burking the question: : It is omit- tiiig one of the great stones in the i'ound- ation of the Church,— the Prophets, put/ ting aside 'that very portion of tho Scrip; turcs ' whiclv tlie Saviour aud the Apostles/ when lay irig the foundation of the Chris tian Church constantly appealed1 to, and - which they reproached their- hearers with being ignorant of. Thus, Our Saviour at the1 outset defeated- tho devil,1 "For it is written," and throughout his teaching, constantly refers to the Scriptures. He quotes Esaias, the Prophet, Mat. viii. 17, on the subject of the Sabbath. He quotes David's ease, Mat. xii. 8, 4. The Sign bf Jonas, as to the resurrection. The character of the Jews, from Esaias xiii. 14, and John vi. 45 v. "It is written in tho Prophets," &c.; and up to the day of his crucifixion, when he was surrounded by a halo of Prophecy, that the Scripture may be fulfilled. So we see him reprov ing the Sadduces as to the resurrection : " they did err because they knew not the Scriptures.;" and to his Disciples, " .0, fools and slow of heart to believe all that the Prophets hath written," and then beginning with Moses and all tho Prophets, he expounded all the Scrip tures. So that, we see after all his miracles, he appealed back to the Scrip tures as authorities for founding his Church. Next, wo come to, the. preaching of the .Apostles. ; Although . gifted with signs land wondersj divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, yet. these men constantly (appealed to the Scriptures of the Old Tes tament; in verification of, what they taught, and as the chief ground of their authority, ,'altliough commissioned to go forth and teach, &c.; ' When; the one hundred and .'twenty men and brethren .were assembled toichoose an apostle, Peter; an authority with .the Church of Rome, says, "For it is written;'' again, on the .great, day of Pentecost, the Apostle .quote's largely from -the Scriptures, and appeals, in the face of men collected from various nations, to Prophets, and many we read were added to the Church daily, conveying, as they were dispersed widely through the world these Scripture truths, and the further testimony of the_ Apostles, showing the fulfilment .in Christ of their writings, for ".David, speak.cth of him," and so Stephen, in liis remarkable sermon, goes through tlie Ancient Jewish History, and charges his hearers that they persecuted the Prophets, although they had received tlie law but had riot kept it. But, with out multiplying further, proofs that the Apostles taught from the Scriptures, it is remarkable how; highly tho Bereaus were recommended for judging of the preaching 6vcn of the Apostles by, comparirig what what they said with the Scriptures; and so it is said that ". Timothy was taught the Scriptures' by his mother," and .further, tliat'" many of fliem were - mighty in the Scriptures." (See Romans,, ix., ditto, xv., Cor. xi., Col. iii, 8, 10, 11', 12, &c.;) The Bishop, however, skips over the whole of this testimony as if. the Christian Church had nothing to do with it. He ignores the fact that in forming both the Jewish and Gcutilo Churches the great instrument in the hands of the Apostles were the writings of the Prophets, and that it was through neglect of these the Jews , crucified and rejected the chief corner- stone laid in Zion — Christ. Lot the Church of Rome take warning that they arc not doing likewise. Wo protest against this dishonest way of deal ing with the subject, holding back the chief truth; ' Protestants don't deny the power arid 'the ordinance of preaching, "for by the foolishness of preaching it pleased God to save them that believe p" but Protestants, like the Apostles, preach Christ, the powdi of God, and the wis dom of God. « They do riot look to ' what the Church teaches/ knowing that Churches have erred; but what is to bo found iri the Law and ther Testimony; hav ing' a 1 sure word 1 of '' prophecy 'r" tyhere unto ye do well-to take heed, " and " we distribute tlie whole Bible' /that' men like the Berearis may 'be able 'to ju'dgo bc/tween false'terichers arid' true ; 'for1 if ririy man' speak not according to the bracles bf' God it /is; becaitse' there is- no.liglit in hiiri." ' The bishop tells bi3 hearers that there were : 1000 ' converted '/' to God; : many churches built' up/ arid that these churches had their ministry; sacraments, & is -be fore the loo7cs' 6( '-"the , Nbw' Testament were, written. 1 Tr'rily but where were the books of the Oid/;Test'ame'nt' iri which the gospel; was proclaimed in types and sha- dowri arid prophecies, "&c.; (Heh:iv..2); Added to/ this,' those; churches had the apostles, the witnesses of : 'Christ's death and ' resurrection/ 1 who wore told that although He must go away, yet hb would send the Comforter to thciri/'tho .Holy Ghost, who shall1 teach youi all things, and bring all things' to' y our remembrance whatsoever' I have said unto you." Here than was an infallible "ministry preaching froiri the Scriptures,1 haying their signs and irisijgnias of office ; who had lived and associated with Christ, saw his mira cles/death and resurrection, and were es pecially sealed in their office in the day of Pentecost ; and who afterwards in a very few years from 57 to 70 a.d. wrote the Gospels, tho Acts of the Apostles, which were received by the Churches in the life time of the Apostles; facts which the bishop entirely withholds, and leaves his hearers to believe "that the people re ceived the faith, and were taught and believed simply 'in1 the faith' of 'those who1 were sent to them;" a statement utterly untrue as to the Christian Church, but perfectly true as to the Roman Ca tholic Church, for what the Church de crees, although not a shadow may bo found either in the old or new Testament, yet the people must accept as gospel, and believe; even that the "V irgin Mary was immaculate, or be accursed. The Rev. Divine, in order to increase doubt as to the completeness of the Scriptures states that, there were several works of the Apostles which were omitted from the New Testament. We will merely quote from a high Roriaau Ca tholic authority what he says upon the " subject, which we conceive the Bishop could not have been ignorant of:— "But there was in the first ages of the Church so great a number of false Gospels and false Acts of the Apostles invented by indiscreet and ignorant orthodox chris tians or malicious heretics, that it is dif ficult to distinguish what is true in them from what is false. It is not an easy matter to separate these facts froth what is fabulous, so great have been the number of histories ..forged. There are many wonderful circumstances to bo found- .in these Apochryphal books relating to the birth of -tho Virgin Mary; it would be dangerous to spend time on them as: to the particular circumstances of her life not mentioned in ; the Acts and the Gos pels, there are none certain, neither do they mention tho time or place of her death. "—Dupiu. ihe .Bishop surely must have kriowii that tho early Fathers rejected these books as spurious, and as the production of heretics. So Origen, Athanasius,; Cle ment of Alexandria, &c.;, &c; describe them. If the Bishop did not know this,' then he was ignorant; if he did kriow it' then we must pronounce him dishonest. - He acknowledges " that the - Council 'of Carthage decided the canon of Scripture, but that the Pontiffs of Rome confirmed it.' - We did not need this confirmation, for we have from the days of Papias, who; was well acquainted with Polycarp and St. John, down to the fourth century, a whole host of witnesses to the genuineness of the New Testament writings, which--- Justin Martyr designates " Memoirs of the Apostles/' "Christ's Memoirs," &c.;, so that in the fourth century there were no less than ton distinct catalogues of these books, tho productions of Atha- nasius, Epiphanius, Jerome, &e.;, while the early Fathers quoted from them so liberally, that it is said that if the Scrip tures could be lost, tho quotations would supply tho loss. Rome, no doubt, has numerous manu scripts of the Scriptures, but these wri tings were dispersed widely through the world, and were even found in India by Dr. Buchanan, and have been collected from many quarters ; so that one critic alone, Griesbach, collected upwards of 350 of thorn for his own actual edition. The claim that Rome has given us the Bible, is ouly equalled by the claim the Bishop lias made, " that while the authen ticity of these books is a historical fact, yet the Church of Rome is the only witi ness that can testify to their inspiration.'' Surely of all the Churches in : the world wo would have reason to suspect her most, 'from' her fabrications and de gradations of' the Scriptures, as on a level with tradition, to be an incompetent au thority, if ..we ! only consider that sortie forty of her popes were infidels, some murderers, others fornicators ; so that Genebrand ; gives this testimony of them For Nearly 150 years about 50 popes, namely, from St. John the Sth to Leo 9th revolted altogether from the virtue of their predecessors/being rather apostate than apostolic." And that there were schisms in the Church, one lasted some 40 years, with throe Popes arid their Councils struggling for power, ana: thematising each other.1 ' To look at Rome as an authority would be nearly as great an infatuation as to look at Satan himself, who can quote Scripture for de ciding their inspiration ; but thanks be to God no man is left without the most direct testimony in this respect. Unless be be wilfully blind and pre judiced there is the internal evi dence, the most convincing of all ; so that regarding the Miracles of our Saviour, the reader will naturally cxplaim with Nico- demus, " No man can do these things ex cept God ho with him." Then there are the Prophecies as light set in a dark place; those of our Saviour respecting his birth, his death, the destruction of Jerusalem a living testimony at this day as .-to the,, dispersion - of the - Jews. . The: propheoics of the. Apostles— the man of sin,-;the state- of' the Seven Churches of Asia, the | uprising of the false, prophet Mahomet,: the invasion of. the Saracens, the rise and destruction of the Mother of Harlots, &o.; &o.;, forming ,suoh a seal, to the inspiration of the Scriptures, that a wayfaring man, however humble in. liter ature cannot mistake. Besides which, the high morality, of these writings con-, vey an evidence that they are not the ipere teaching of philosophers, who never, did jreach. such a ; standard of excellence. But above all, every converted man has the evidence , within himself that. the. Soriptures are the power of God, to salva tion;: he having, passed from death unto life, and can say in the language of the. ,blind man> " once I was blind,, but now II seo. I have passed from darkness to light." " Now we have received , not the spirit of the world, but the spirit whioh is ,of God, &c.;, &c.;, because they must be , spiritually, discerned." A man who ha3 been restored from the bed. of sickness by medicine to health, or a;blind man . restored to sight by an oper ation, surely has a personal conviction within himself ; and. the fact is, likewise patent to: others that a great, change has been brought about ; and so the converted man, not ;by relicB and pilgrimages ' or flagellations, but by; the: spirit of God, has a dike if hot stronger personal: evidence that these/ Scriptures which; have taught him the: truth must be inspired,; from their effects on his own charaoter; " Such were some- of: you," says the Apostle,, " idolaters, adulterers, thieves, drunkards, extortioners,. &c.;, but ye ; are gashed,; but ye arc. justified-, but ye are santificd, iu tbc name; of the Lord Jesus Christ .and., by , the spirit of God.;' Cpuld - these men be ...indifferent to tho change, produced in . their . neighbours and notnoticeit. ,, > . Such men, taught of God, need not ;go to, the. Pope; who may,: like many of his predecessors;: be an infidel ; nor to the schismatic Church of Borne j. nor to councils or Fathers ; but to the evidence within himself that all scripture is by -the inspiration of God; and should lie lack wisdom he need not go Pope or Cardinal, for "if any man lack wisdom, be may ask of: God who givetli liberally . and with- holdeth not." The Bishop speaks- next of tho trans lation of the scriptures before Luther's day. This we do not deny; but we charge the Church of Rome with substi tuting tradition; the decrees of councils, the teaching of the Church and old wives' fables, for the pure word of God, and this is her sin and her condemnation. From thence he takes occasion to show the in fidelity which grows out of Protestantism — -the German . universities, the Oxford infidelity, and even that strong-minded women have attacked -the Bible. Well, may we say, "Physician heal thyself." Look at Borne, as we have already stated ; to your Popes elevated to their position by, the intrigues of France, Austria, Spain,. &c.; Machiavclle describes the state of the Holy Church : " We Italians have chiefly to thank the Church and the priests for having become a nation of im pious. persons and cut throats." So that it .was not a few members of universities or; strong- minded women that thus cast off the fear of God, hut a whole nation. But amqng all the heads of serpents she lias brought forth, aud many they he, nothing in Protestantism has at all reached the monsters of the French R'evo- lution — that awful scene of national, in sanity over which Hell exulted, humanity shuddered, and angels wept — the grand apostle of which sought in his dying mo ments to die within the pale of the Church. All that Protestantism has ever produced are mere abortions in compari son of this monster which sprung from the loins of Popery. But what , else can he expected from a Church of which wc have the evidence in this Bishop's teach ing that doubts of all kinds surround the Scriptures; but the Church, is infallible. The last childish doubt lie throws out, which infidels no question will use, is that Christ did not command the writing of the Scriptures. This is just a mere assertion. But suppose it to he true, the Apostles and Evangelists wrote the blew Testament, the Churches received these writings; tlicy were addressed to the laity as well as the clergy; and having the. Apostolic seal on them during tho lifetime of the Apotles, that is enough for us, backed by the evidence of their inspi ration. " It is written," " it is written," "it is written," was the language, of Christto the Devil, and so it' is the lan guage; of Protestantism 'to Popery; and, -while we do not deny preaching and the influence of the living voice and of the Holy 'Ghost as our interpreter— -not ' tra dition, not the fathers, not the teaching of a corrupt Church, we declare the Bible to he the only foundation of our Faith ; " that Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to; salvation, and that what cannot be proved thereby is not to be required of any man to be believed as an article of faith." VI Article, Church of England. To depart from the Soriptures would be like one . of the planets of our system breaking loose from the sun. It would wander further and'further into darkness and ultimate destruction. So it is with the Church of Borne, she has departed from the light and truth of the Gospel. Every Council, and every Pope, and every century, shows' her adding human teaching and invention to her creed, until the light that; was once in her has become more and more obscured and mystified, and she is departing farther and farther from what a true Church is built upon—" the Prophets and the Apos tles 'Jesus Christ being; the chief corner stone." .. AS. 