THE DEBBY DAY, SEPTBMBEB 4TH. I . Wherever Englishmen control or encourage raoinp, there the Derby Day is euro to be the greatest known in the turf year ; for, however a young community may commence their career as turfites with small pistes and sweepstakes to bring together as many nags as possible out of the available few, no sooner is there the prospect of half a dozen tbree-year-olds entérine, than lo ! . we see the announcement of a Darby. As a proof that that there is nothing like encouraging youngsters to make progress for the turf, we have the fact staring us in the \- face that wherever a Derby is established, there does (be ??' Turf at once go ahead, and that with great strides ; and of this we are forcibly reminded ; by noticing in the latest files of the London Bell's Life, a somewhat intri- cate Turf caso, which has been sent to and answered by Admiral BOUB. This is pertaining to tho Derby and \- Leger of Alexandria ; and we may here satisfactorily say that as English custom in racing afiairs is followed in Aleaxandria, ao it is here. Our Derby day is the great racing day of the year, our Derby the most important event in the New South Wales calender ; for thore can- not be a doubt that to this race we look to see what will be tho loading nags in all- age races during the two next seasons. Tim Whiffler, Coesaok, and Bulginbsr came out in the Derby ; though they were unsuccessful, hav- ing lo give ia to Clove who never had the luok to win another race. The Barb and Fishhook were of the next seasons Derby; then came Fireworks and Italian ; while last year, though The Duke has turned out over eiuco a failure, there were Bagpicker, Coquette, Barbello. Marks- man, and Sir William with him in the race. This year, tho contest for tho Bluo Ribbon has had more than usual interest attaching to it, from the fact that the two-year* olds of last season were considered a muoh better lot than usual, and also because there were ono or two un- tried animals in the race of whom a good deal waa thought by their stables. Add to those that two of the great cracks were from Viotoria, sons of Ferryman,. and bred . in the Maribyrnong stud, running not only against tho horses of New South Wales but against eaoh other; and it need not be thought astonishing that last Saturday should be looked forward to with much anxiety and interest ; for it was " The Derby Day." We last week carried the afiairs preceding tho great raoe, up to the previous evening, whon oomparing went on ut Tattersalls, and those bottors who had any arrange- ments to square, went about the business of hedging with a will ; and showed that they had no idea of being caught in a fix. . Fop, Deteotive, Lamplighter, and Charon were all in favor in about tho order named j with not more than ó point between the first and last ; and, beyond that Mr Tait's oolt if anything improved in public estimation, there was no change worth noticing in the morning. That morning WBB about as diesgreeaolo as it need have boon out of doors ; with olouds of dust blowing about the streets ; and ditto of sand, all along tho road to the scene of action. This was disagreeable enough as we took the road (which, by-tho-bye. wo did not until the last \- moment, or thereabout) ; but ono consolation woe that tho direotion of the wind drove the olouds of red sand straight along the road, instead of fetching them over the oourse ; and so, when once arrived; we were pretty free from dirt. Tho road bad been put into a slightly improved ?tate, by filling up the bolea at the top of the hill on the Sydney aide of the Old Toll Gate House ¡ but, as has been ststed before in our oolumns, the new made portion between there and the Raoeoourso gate . is positively dangerous, through being ao narrow, and pitched so round on the top. We ourselves saw several heavily laden omnibuses nearly capsized through this formation of the road j and one 'bus load of passengers thought they were ovor, or that one of their wheels had collapsed. On a line where tho trafilo is weekly increasing and likely so to go on for years to oomo, it would have been better to mako the road a good one at once, than to deprive the necessary works of a large portion of the money ; for the purpoie of laying it out in ornamentation at the sides. The latter is very nice and pretty no doubt ; and the road is wide enough for all the regular requirements of tho dwellers at Randwick and Coogee ; but in crowded times, when Sydney turns out it's thousands to assfct at Band wick, accidents are very liable to happen, and quite certainly will sortie day or other. The road was not as thronged as usual with pedestrians, as wo took our way along it on Saturday, and we did not afterwards marvel that the course hardly presented a Derby Say appearance. There might have been six thousand people there, but wo think not, although we haye seen it so Btated. Tho running ground, was in good order, and tho good coating of green grass on tho inner two-thirds phowed that the hnrdles had beon pro Cerly kept over that portion and that horses had not een allowed to gallop on it. The Randwick galloping ground is a great benefit to horse owners, end they ought to asaiat tho committee to keep the real running ground if possible intact, until a new grass gallop is made withinside the railings, which we take leave to think is the next thing they ought to do. The arrange- ments of the course generally were good as usual, with- out any particular change worthy of notice. The same officials as last meeting were at their posts, and per- formed their several duties with muoh energy, and without fault, lt is but fair to say, however, that there was a carelessness apparent in the management of the telegraph, which we never saw before upon the oourse ; and, as the only benefit attaching to putting up tho numbers stall consists in their being oorreot, we shall not be found fault with for remarking upon mistakes which might hare done a good deal of harm. In the President's Handicap "Darkie" was telegraphed as having run the dead heat instead of Sir William ; and we can quito understand that many persons who knew not the ooltby sight, and had not sufficient knowledge of horseB to tell the difference between the coat of an entiro and that of a gelding, would be deooived. In the Derby the number was put up for " Viscount," and, though this might have been because the colt was not scratched, we cannot help saying that, according to the usual accep- tation, the numbera on the telegraph are supposed to mean those that are weighed out. In the Epsom Han- dicap number 25 was sent up, although Albany WBB ? ssratohed ; and these errors we fancy are quite enough for one day. If the telegraph be only for the benefit of the grandstand occupants, let it be in the weighing-yard, where the outsiders cannot see it, for the inside division can easily have a mistake corrected. If on the other hand it is intended for tho tue of the whole concourse of the spectators, it is a simple farce to put up incorrect numbers, for which the mon who can only afford a shilling towards the races has to pey interest to him who can afford a guinea. Lot oil fare alike. We do not suppose for a moment that the wrong numbers caused our " Sporting leading daily" to make "Albany" (who did not start) favourite for " the Epsom j" neither that the said numbers made the same authority give the samo time for a mile and a quarter in " the Trial " and a mile and three-furlongs in " the President's ;" but as there is a weakness somewhere for making this Daily the great sporting organ, there should certainly be every facility afforded it of becoming so. This can only bo done by giving it correot information on subjects of whioh it is, though ambitious, profoundly ignorant. In tho grand stand the sporting host of Tattersall's WBB at borne, in every sonse of the word ; and nothing that could bo needed by hungry or thirsty visitors was left to be desired, In a portion of tho Derby Stand, Mr Joseph Thompson had a betting office where speculators could have the odds laid them to as little as half a orown; and however much wo may doubt the bona fides of betting offices as a general rule, there cannot be o doubt that a respectable one such as this, with a responsible bookmaker at its hoad must be a great accommodation to the outside public At the same time we are not quite prepared to hold with strangers who come hero and outbid tho licensed victuallers, of Sydney, who moko a living out of these race course properties. Of course the proprietors of {betting offices oan afford to pay moro for booths than publicans who have not such adjuncts'; but tho Jockey Club do not benefit in [anything like a proper proportion. The Caxton Raoe Books wore correct, as they always are ; and ought to have been more largely patronised than they were. In fact wo do not know how anybody who cares to know what wins, manages to do without one of these necessaries. The usual descriptions of people were to be seen patronising the sports, from the three card man upwards ; but as it has been our privilege to particularise the various games of the cognoscenti during a long cours? of years, wo may for onoe depart from our usual custom and leavo those little amusements out of the category of events and things. The polios were then in good foroe; but unnoeded, save to dislodge now and then some too low a specimen of the genus gaffer who persistently exhibited hts three cards on a dilapidated gin case. They (the police, of course) did their duty temperately and well, as we have been in the habit of seeing thom do all over race meetings, both at Randwiok and Homebush. Having BO far taken a glenco ovor tho course and its belongings, (among tho greatest improvements, by-the bye, being the cutting away of the sandhill between the stand onolosure and tho bushes, by which alteration tho horses oan now be distinctly seen all the way round) wo pass to the sportB of the day, which was certainly quite up to tho "standard of excellence;" but before doing so wa are obliged to notice a little difficulty which has now for the seoond time boen thrown in the way of our pro- perly reporting the races. We have heretofore been in the habit of roceiving two reporter's tickets; at least, previous to the last Autumn Meeting ; but since then we are reduced to one, and BB it takes two persons to give a true and faithful account of the rnnning where there is a large field of horses, wo can only express our regret at not being in a position to give as fully as we could with the way the horses changed places in the different races, and how they passed the post at the finish. We say this with all due respect to the A. J. 0. Committee j but they certainly do poy Belts Life in Sydney a groat compliment, left handed though it bo, in expeoting UB to do with one reporter what the sport* ing papers of the old country require three or four for. Some of our readers will say "Why not buy a ticket ?" but those who ask tho question may understand in reply that a purchased ticket does not admit to the reporters' gallery ; and our two representatives would only be use- ful if sitting together. Five nags out of the ten on the card paraded tho pad dook for the Trial Stakes, and of these Orville was made the favorite, atti to 2 against him, The Baron being next at 2 to 1. The Gift looked in great fettle, and both he and Hector had friends at 4 to 1. Punctually to tho time they carno to the post, and, after one unimportant falso start, Mr Burt made a capital beginning by Bending them on their journey in a very even lino. Orville, Juanita, end Baron were in front as they passed the gate and st thc Rocks the filly had a clear lead; TJie Baron going second at Outts'e. At the bushes Orville anneared to have tho best of it with Mr Winch's colt, butthe-iattor came away in tho straight and won very cleverly. The time 2.17J, two and a half seconds faster than Tho Bip did it last year. Of ten in tho book for the President s Handicap Al was the only absentee-, and they laid 6 to 4 on Barbelle, with 4 to 1 each against Sir William and Marksman. There WOB one fabe Btart and some fiddling at post which did not suit the favorito; they got a good start and Blabber at once went to the front, and led past tho stand all the way to the five furlong post, where Barbells, who had been pulling double," went up and passed him before reaching the bushes. Up the straight it looked to be the filly's race, but Blabber had led her a groat dance, and Sir William coming at last just caught her on tbe post and made a dead heat in excellent time -2.31}. AatbeDerbyapproachedthebottingchangedoon aiderrbly. Orville's defeat in the Trial had the effect of sending TJeteottve back in the odds more than a point, Lamplighter Btanding at the top of tree with a trifle the call of The Fop, whoso position waa not improved by the running of Barbelle. Charon was at 4 to 1, and one very good judge, who had him baoked to win-"six hundred," bodged it all but sixty. Charon looked well, as did The Fop,.Moselle, "Lamps," and Detootivej but Agnes, of whom a good deal had boen thought, was hardly our ideal Berby winner to look at. Botootive was first tosho won tho course, and his friends boped it was a good omon. PromBoraocauBO.woknownotwhat, thoDor by:field were not paraded round the front onolosure before his Eicollouoy j but, having taken their "preliminaries," they went quietly down to the post. Thoro some' diffi- culties ooeurred, but nothing ' of much consequence, except that, no doubt, they did not improve the chances of Moselle, who is givon to be a little fractious at times. After two or three faituros they got away quito woUi-i enough to leave nobody any complaint to ! make j and the favorites were all well in the van after they settled into their places" and came past the stand. By this, time Lottery was out of it, outpaood from the start ¡ Agnes, Bar Begeat, and Idle Boy; were new in the race ; and Detective, although going well round to the fur sido, and running up into fourth place at tho five furlongs, compounded when he faced tho hill, and never' showed in tho race again. Lamplighter made tremen doua running all tho way ; and came with a olear lead into the straight ; and a splendid race ensued up the distance, whore Lamplighter died awoy. Morrison was bard on Charon ; Moselle, Tho Fop, and Lamps at the whip ; but the Forryman finished best, and won at last very cleverly from Moselle, with whom Tho Fop was close up. So near a thing WBB it, that Bamsay believes he would have won had he not had spurs on. Tho time; 3min 47 and 3 lOths of a seaond, is the fastest on record for our Derby, being half a second faster than Fireworks, and one seoond faster that The Barb. After the excitement of this was over, four came out for The Innkeeper's StakeB ; the public favor being about evenly divided between Bomulus and Surbiton, 3 to 2 against eaoh. The Friar didn't look at all like a winner ; nor Sweetheart, up to 9'8. Justas they were going to the starting post at the halfmile, the hush et that spot took .fire, at the outside of the running ground ¡ and for some minutes it looked ns if the flames would get tho mastery in consequence of tho breeze. However, the fire was soon got under, and the race proceeded. This was tho only faulty start of the day, Bomulus getting much the worst of it ; and ho lay so far out of his ground that it looked hopeless his trying to catch any of his loaders ; while Surbiton soon had a long lead, whichthe kept to the end. Bomnlus made a great run from the distance home ; and, after passing The Friar and Foison, ran up within a couple of lengths of Surbiton at the winning post. About the time of this race it became known out- side that the dead head for the President's Handicap would not be run off, Mr Leo and Mr Town haring determined on dividing ; and BO, tho Epsom Handicap wound up the day's proceedings. Blondin first showed in front ; but was Boon displaced by Circassian, who never was dispossessed of the lead afterwards. Ho made the pace very strong to serve his stable companion j but Sir Walter coming at the Leger Stand, split the pair, with- out being obie to catch Circassian, thoueh bu pravonted the colt from going home in front. Tho heavy weight won very oleverly^j'no others being near ; and the time, lmin 46 and 2 lOths of a seoond, within the fraction of what Glencoe did the fastest mile ever dono here. Most of this field wero moderate indopd ; but thc time and the running be made, stamp Circassian as one of the best milers we have ever had. >;i^0f His Excellency The Governor with Lady Belmore and suite arrived before the firstjrace, and remained until the sport was concluded, lunching with the Stewards and Committee in the A.J.O. Boom. There were several acoidents on the road home-more in fact than we have generally had to record, on a singlo day; but we think they were none of them attended with fatal results. Tho following are particulars of the running : First Race.-The TRIAL STAKES of 4 sov each, with 40 sovadded, for 3 yrs and upwards, which have not won a prize exceeding SO sov in value up to' time of entrance ; 1} mile. Entrance, 1 sov. Mr Winch's b g The Baron, 4 yrs, by Tarragon out of Modella, 8st 01b .T. Brown 1 J. M'Quadc's b f Juanita, S yrs, Ost 121b.Shea 5 ? J. Tait's br h Orville, aged, Ost 81b.Ashworth S J. DeClouett's b g Tho Gift, aged, Ost 51b. F. Martlnoer A. Thompson's ch g Hector, S yrs, 7st W. Higginbottom. Betting : 3 to 2 agst Orville, 2 to 1 agst Baron, 4 to 1 agst The Gift and Hector. After a couple of false starts they got awoy on very even terms, Tho Gift on the inside being first to show in front, with Juanita next, Orville, who had the outside running, being third, and Hector last, a position he ocoupied until the finish. By the time tho rocks were reached, The Gift had retired from the first position, Juanita having a clear lead, waited on by Orville, with The Baron third, and so they ran round uutts's turn] ana along tba tar side, where Karon ran up to Orville, and took second place going np tho hill. Juanita continuod to make strong running round the Champion corner and along the bushes side, where Orville, who had boen racing with Mr Winch's golding, appeared to hare bim beaten. Hound the turn for home Juanita came with a lead of two lengths, The Baron being a length behind the favourite, and a fine raoe home followed, Tho Baron coming with a good rush at the Leger Stand, and beating Juanita by half a leDgth at the finish, the favourite a length from the filly, and The Gift a bad fourth. Time, 2 min 17i seo. Second Race.-The PRESIDENT'S HANDICAP of 12 sov each, h ft; entrance fee only if declared by 20th August, with 160 sov addod ; for then tour yrs ; 1 mila and three furlongs; second horse 24 sov from tho prize. Weights on the 10th Augnst. A winner of any handicap thereafter to carry Elb extra. Entrance, 8} sov. Mr A. Town's br o Sir William, by Tarragon-Lady Mary, 7st 111b .S. Davis t E. Lee's ch f Barbollo, by Slr Horcules-Y. Gulnare, 7st01b ? H. Lewis t Chaafe ns ch o Bawden, 7st 41b. Fynn 8 D. Melhado'B b f Coquette, Sst 121b. Thompson H. Fisher's br t Ragpicker, Sst 41b. A. Davis A. Town's br g Darkie, Sst 41b. Ramsay C. Baldwin's cb f Regalia, 7st 121b. Holmes , "E. DcMcstra's b c'Marksman, 7st 61b. Atkins J. T. Ryan's ch c Blabber, 01b overweight, carried 7st Sib. L. Martiaoer. Betting : 6 to 4 on Barbolle, 4 to 1 agst Sir William and Marksman, 5 to 1 agst Darkie and Bawden. Mr Burt got them well together, and made a splendid start after ono false attempt, oaused]by Sir William, who, when they got away, wag tho first to show in front, with tho favourito, Blabber, and Bagpickor, and the pace was a splitter as they came up the straight. Passing the Stand Sir William had retired, Ragpicker was cutting out the work, followed olosoly by Blabber and Barbelle, who was pulling double, the rest in a cluster at their heels, except Marksman, who was thus early scrambling in the rear of everything. By the time the rocks were reached Mr Byan's colt had established himself in front, and to the astonishment of everybody who knew he had 91b overweight, was cutting out the work at a tremen, dons bat, with the favourite next, followed by Darkie and Coquette, the rest all close together. . Here Bog- j picker met with an accident and dropped astern, being from this point out of the race, and the rest ran round Cutts's turn without change, and along the tan side as far as the hill, where Barbelle deprived Blabber of his lead, and came on past the Champion corner and by the bushes side to the turn for borne, landing in the straight clear of Mr Byan's colt, the pair of chestnuts apparently having the race between them. ' These two continued in front to the distance, where they were joined by Sir William, and one of the finest raoes ever seen on the course lasted from this point to the obair. At the Leger Stand Mr Town's colt bad beaten Blabber, oh whom the extra'weight told at the finish, and after a desperate struggle the Bichmond colt just caught the favourite in the last two strides and made a dead heat; Bawden -passed the tiring Blabber in the run home,' and finished a good third, and Blabber was fourth. The others were all beaten off a quarter of a mile from home. Time, 2 min 31} see. Mr Lee and Mr Town agreed to divide, and neither walked over. Tho owner of Bawden entered a protest against Sir William and Barbelle for jostling. Third Race.-The (Australian) DERBY STAKE» of 30 sov each, h ft ; 5 sov only for those which declared on the 0th May ; for 8 yrs ; colts, Sst 101b ; finies. Sst Sib. Tho second to receive 00 sov out of tho stakes ; 1} mile. 44 subs. Mr H. Fisher's br c Charon, by Ferryman, out of Juliet .Morrison 1 W. Forrester's ch f Moselle, by Cossack, out of Craclfix .Ramsey 2 John Lee's bc Tho Fop, by Slr Horcules, out of Vanity .G. Thompson 3 Vf. Pearson's br c Lamplighter, by Ferryman, out of Gas- light S. Darts N John Lee's ch f Ladylike, by Sir Hercules, out of Mold of the Oaks Green N J. Tait's ch c Detective, by Now Warrior, out of Edith Ashworth Chaafe ns b c Bay Regent.by Rioter, ont of Queen of . . ? Trumps Fynn - .- ^ - -- O. Baldwin's b c Idle Bot by New ?Warrior, out of "Valetta * Holmes ^ E. De Mostre's ch I Archeress, by Archer, ont of Ruby Atkins ^ J, Driscoll's br f Agncs^by Yattendon, out of Young Moou ! shlno Bonnett S. H. Terry's ch c Lottery, by Now "Warrior, out of Item Bishop. I Betting : 2 to 1 agst Lamplighter, 3 to 1 agst The Fop, 4 to 1 each agst Detective and Charon, 6 to 1 agst Moselle ; no other backed. There was but little delay, and only one false move be- fore the eleven three- year-olds left the post to a capitol start ; and it was not easy to tell what had the lead in the first hundred yards. The light blue jacket of Mr Keighran, however, Boon beoame conspicuous in the centre of the course, and Charon, who had the inside running, was also in the van. At the stand the front rank was composed of the following, in the order named-"Lamp- lighter, Charon, Bay Begent, The Fop, Deteótire, and Ladylike, the rest handy, except Lottery, who toiled hopelessly in the roar, reminding Bishop of his start on " The Duke." Before rounding tho turn at the gate, Ladyliko had run past Detective into third place, and Mr Tait's colt lay sixth or seventh, in the centre of the ruok. Lamplighter made tremendous paoe round the turn and past the rocks, where Ladylike had died away, and Tho Fop had gone up to Charon, at whose quarters lay Moselle, with whom Ramsay was evidently bent on watohiug the big Molbourner. As far na' alt the others wore concerned, the race might be said to bo over from this point, BS nothing but the first four was in it afterwards. The favorite oontinuod his lead round Cutts's turn, and down by the tan, without any chango ocourring worth notice among his followers, except that as they faced the hill Ashworth tried to go up with Deteotive, on tho in- side, or through his horses, and, for a moment, seemed to improvo his position ; - but being disappointed, the ohpstnut son of Edith retired again, without getting nearer to the front than fifth, and was never again in anything like a position. Tie leaden ran in the same order by the Champion coner and past tho busher, Lamplighter carrying his c^ar lead into the straight, whore the whips got to work »nd it looked liko u regular scramble. Below tho distaroo Tho Fop dosed with the leader, upon whom tho pice had told its tale, and de- prived him at once of his .command, Charon and Moselle at the same time making heir run for the front ; and at the Leger stand the trio vere almost in a line, and clear away from the favorite, vho had finally retired. From thence the finish was ependid, and doubtful to tho very last, the backers of each nag in turn calling his name in an ecstaoy of delight, ai each appeared to have tho beet of the struggle. ThoFop was the first to crack, anil gave way'before reachhg the lower end of the enclosure, and thereabout,-just opposite number onsjbootb, Moselle appeared to head the Melbourne colt ; Morrison, how- ever, was equal to th) occasion, and rousing up Charon, whose ¿«9 just lasted him home, the Derby of *6'J waa WOH for Melbourne, andiy a fine piece of riding, by a head and part of a neck, i touoh of the spur (the first she had ever felt in Uer life)just at the finish caused the filly to flinoh, and just nude the difference; for Charon won with very little to ipare. The Fop was third, beaten u length from Mosele ; Lamplighter a bad fourth, close to whom were Ladylke (fifth) and Detective (sixth). Tho | other five were stretched out into, a long tail, tho con- cluding joint of which was Lottery. Time, 2:47 3-10l!ie. Value of the staies, after deduoting second money and winner's own stike, £580. PEDIGREE, PEITOBSIANOES, AND ENGAGEMENTS OP THE WINNES. " Charon," » bay colt, with one white hind foot and j a snip on the-nose, was bred by his present owner at Maribyrnong, and is by Ferryman from Juliet (import- ed) by Touaistone from Lancashire Witch by Tomboy from Kite. Forryman by Fisherman (imported) from imported ¿ose de Florenoe by Flying Dutchman. Performances.-At the Melbourne Summer Meeting on New Year'i Day of this year won the Flemington Stakes for two-ytar-olds, beating Gondolier, by a neck, and j three others. At Melbourne Autumn Meeting, carry- ing a penalty of five pounds, was beaten half a length by Lamplighter for the Ascot Vale Stakes, haying be- hind him colt by Touchstone from Morgiana, who was third, Mosaniello, and six others. Same meeting, carry- ing 8st 101b, won the Nursery Handicap easily by two lengths, beating Lamplighter, 8:4 ("second, but after- wards disqualified), filly by Touchstone from Fair Ellen, 8:1 (third), Albion, 8:4, Morgiana colt, 8:4, Lily, 8:3, Gallant, 7st, and Seyesa, who fell and broke her back. At Bandwick Autumn Meeting was third to Lamplighter and The Fop for the Champagne Stakes, having behind him Barbarian, Moselle, Ida colt, Queen Bee, Mosaniello and Juanita. Same meeting, carrying 6st, was not placed in the Flying Handicap, for all ages, for which Blondin and Deception ran a dead heat, both five years old, and carrying respectively 7:10 and 7:11. Same meeting, carrying 8st 41b, was not placed for the Nur- sery Handicap, won by Barbarian, 8st llb ; Lamp- lighter, Sst 111b, Becond ; Paradise, 8st 121b, third ; and five others not placed. At Bandwick Spring Meeting won the Derby Stakes, as stated above, by a head and a neck. Engagement.-Charon was engaged in the Maiden Plate, the Metropolitan Stakes, the Mares' Produce Stakes, and the Grand Stand Plate ; but for these he WBB scratched early in the week ; having fallen lame for the Derby. - Ho is m the Melbourne Cup, and Victorian Derby, at the V.R.O. Spring Meeting ; in tho St Leger at their Autumn Meeting ; and the St Leger at the Randwick Autumn Meeting. WINNERS OP THB AUSTRALIAN DEBBY. Date. Owner. 1805\. Mr. Chceko ... Clove IS06. !Mr. J. Tait ...'The Barli 1807\. I Mr. J. Tait ..'Fireworks! 1S08. Mr. Thompson Tho Duke 1S0O. i Mr. Fisher ..iCharon Magus Sir Hercules! Kelpie Kingston Ferryman Martinoerl Stanley Stanley Bishop ,Morrison Fourth Race.-The INNKEEPERS' STAKES, of 7 sov each, with 70 sov added, for S yrs and upwards, which have not won a prize exceeding 100 sov In value up to the time of entrance ; a winner of such a prize thereafter to carry Sib extra ; maidens at starting allowed 51b ; 1} mile ; second horse 14 sov out of tho prize. En- trance, 1} sov. Mr E. Leo's b c Surbiton, by Kingston-out of Marchioness, 3 yrs, (alld 51b), Ost 31b.Sherringham 1 L. TJhde's b o Bomulus, by Now Warrior-out of Rowena, 3 yrs, falld 61b) Ost 31b.S. Lodge 2 J. Choafe ns gr c The Friar, 4 yrs, (alld 51b) 8st 71b ...Gray 3 J. Tait's ch m Poison (late Sweetheart), G yrs, Ost Sib Ash- worth Betting : 3 to 2 each agst Bomulus and Surbiton. Romulus dwelt at the post, and got the worst of a bad start, in which Surbiton jumped away in front, The I Friar next, end Poison third ; and in this order tho race ' continued throughout to the distance post in tho run home. Here Romulus, who had lain very far out of his ground, made a tremendous run, and passing Poison and Tho Friar as if they wero standing still, finished within a length of Surbiton, The Friar a bad third, and Poison pulled off when Ashworth found her chance was hopeless. Time, 3min 21 2-10lhs seo. Fifth Race.-Tho EPSOM HANDICAP of 5 sov each, h ft, entrance fee only If declared by 20th August, with 60 sov added, for 3 yrs and upwards ; 1 mile ; second horso 10 sov from tho prize ; weights on the loth August ; a winner of any handicap there- after to corry 81b. Entrance, lj sov. Mr Winch's br h Circassian, 0 yrs, Ost 61b.T. Brown 1 P. J. Keighran's b g Sir Walter, aged, 7st 9lb.. .. .S. Davis 2 Winch's bg The Baron, 4 yrs, Ost 131b .......Bushell 3 E. Leo's ch m Phoebe. G yrs, Ost 41b Thompson J. Arkins'« gr m Maritana, aged, 8st 41b Ramsay Tho Hon. Ii. Firing's b m Pandora, G yrs, Gst 121b, (inc. 41b over) L. Martlnecr Mr T. Ivory's o c Marsko, 4 yrs, Ost 31b Brown R. Rouse's b g Shakespeare, aged, Gst 51b Sherringham C. Baldwin's ch f Regalia, 4yrs,Sst Holmes S. Bradbury's br t Al, i yrs, 6st 121b M'Cabe S Bradbury's b g Catapult, aged, Gst Sib fine. 2}lb over) reer A. Town's br f Tarragona, 4 yrs, Ost 21b Ford A. Town's b m Lucy, 0 yrs. Sst 121b Shea H. Fisher's bl h Blondin, 6 yrs, Sst 121b Morrison. Betting : 4 to 1 each agBt Blondin, The Baron (with whom Mr Winoh declared to win) Circassian and Itegalia; 6 to 1 Sir Walter and Maritana. They had one mistuke at the post, and then away they came in capital order. Blondin for a moment showed in front ; but Circassian soon deprived him of tho lead, and cut out the work for his stable companion, at something terrific in the way of pace ; Sir Walter and Blondin next, with Tho Baron lying close to them. The pace was a cracker round the Champion Corner and along tho bushes side, where Blondin had shot his bolt and retired at once into the rear. The Baron taking second place in waiting on Cir- cassian, after landing in the straight, Sir Walter lying third. Inside the diotauce Mr Keighran's horse caught and defeated The Baron, but without being able to inter- fere with Circassian, who won in a canter, without ever being approached. Phoebe was a good fourth. Time, lmin 16 3-lOths.eeo. As it was not generally known that the President's Handicap would be divided, a good many of the outside public remained for some time after the last'race in expectation of seeing Barbelle and Sir William run it off. In about half an hour however a general movo was made homewards, and the course was soon deserted. I THE STAKES DAT-THTOSDAT. Sundry and divers premonitory symptoms foretold a obange in the weather ; and on Wediwsday morning we awoke to a cold and cheerless aspecT of affairs as could possibly have boon imagined. Gradually throughout the day heavy clouds collected in tho south und east ; the storm signals warned outgoing vessels to shun danger, by remaining within the Heads ; until a oouplo of hours before nightfall there came on one of the strongest gatos of wind that has visited bur coast for many a day, accom- panied with heavy rain squalls. The cold was intense, the rain and wind continued through the night, and when morning dawned OR the Stakes Day things without looked miserable indeed for Randwick probabilities. The running on Saturday had causod several ohanges to take place in the betting on the great event, for Circassian bad come into great'favor; while hiB rise of oourse made Tim Whiffler reoede n point or two ; and a belief was current that the " black and all black" would be repre- sented by Stumpy, for whom it waa said the great Tim would go cutting down. The exhibition made by Detec- tive in tho Derby sent his stablo companion ana work- mate considerably down in the odds ; Warrior came to be more and more thought of ; Italian's friends expressed their opinions that their horse couldn't lose ; and alto- gether things looked very unsettled. How all these predictions came offour account of the running will show. The Maiden Plate took up a large amount of attention, the favorites being, of course, Lamplighter and Moselle ; tho followers of the "roseand blaok" having the misfortune to see their nag scratched for tho two big croats of the day. Muoh " touting" on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday mornings,, left Tim Whiffler with the premiership ot the batting market, Circassian, The Earl, Blondin, War rior, Barbello, abd the baronets, John and William, being next in demand ; but there was little or no inquiry for Grey Momus. Some of the knowing division doubted tho ability of Circassian to stay-the course;'some had misgivings of a Bimilar sort about Italian ; Borne thought Warrior was not good enough for the company ho had to meet; but thero was nothing like a certainty estab- lished when the room broko up on the over-night. -.. In the morning there was a temporary cessation of rain and wind ; hut although tho former only came in occassional showers, and the latter in fitful gusts, there was no lessening in tho fores of either, and it did not take a very weatherwiso seor to toll wo wero in for a dirty afternoon. As the time drew near for going to the course the streets showed more life and bustle than, under the circumstances, wo could have expeotedj and a far larger oxodus took place from the oity than fair woathor racing mon would.imag.ne. Still the attendance on the course fell very far short of what one looks for on the Stakes Day ; and we think tho gate lessee must have suffered considerably, as well as" afr Goggin with his books. Tho heavy weather was all in favour of tit« booti,s ; for, seeing that the rain and wind wore both piercing cold during tho whole hours of racing, and that the roofs of the different stands afforded not the slightest protection against the driving Btorm, there was one con- tinuous crush within the only shelter available-unbroken, save tor a few seconds, while each (¡old of horses passed tip the straight. His Excellency tho Governor scorned the weather, and came to the stand, accompanied by Captain Bertsford, in time for the first race. The officials were all at their several posts, attending to their duties with their usual savoir faire i causing all thc arrangements to bo carried out in a manner to giro general satisfaction ; and we have to acknowledge tho courtesy of Mr Buchan Thomson, who favoured us with a second Beportor's Ticket for the conoluding three days. It can hardly be expeoted that on a day such .a. was Thursday we had much to say touching tho outside doings on the.course. Nobody did muoh, if any, walk I ing about ; and we preforred the lee side of a weather- board boarding, to an exploring trip down the course in search after incidents. Besides, the usual run of race- course incidents are so marvellously aliko, that our readers must be as woury of seeing as we are of telling them ; and on a wet day,|when nought but business would take any man to Randwick, we claim tho privilege of " any other man," and will confine ourselves lo the business that took us there ; which was, of course, to give an account of the races. In coming to our task, we must premise that Mr Burt had much more trouble with his fields to-day than on Saturday, but, although Borne of the jockeys wore enough to try the patience of Job, ho managed to get bis fields away in very fair order after all. For the Shorts, with which race the programme com- menced, thirteen carno to the post out of sixteen colored in tho books-Camel, Orville, and Little Diok being tho three absentees ; and Aboriginal, Blondín, and Bay Begent seemed to bo the most fancied. Little was thought of Tippler, who was supposed to be killed by the weight, and nobody inquired much after tho turned loose Luoy, on the supposition, wo suppose, that if she had been good for anything she would have been found out before arriving at the mature age of six years. There was a great quantity of dodging at the start, and several failures took pince, caused, wo thought, by the stubborn determination of Pandora, or whoever was at her head, to go up to her horses. In all of these falso ' attempts the white jacket of the blaok Aboriginal was in front, but the colt never ran very far before he was stop- ped. At length there was. a .more determined break away than usual, and.Alderman, singling out, came right round the oourse before Harry Lewis was .able to stop him ; but he went round to the starting post, and afterwards got away with the rest. When Mr Burt at last suoceeded in getting this very unsatisfactory field off his hands, Mr Dines's colt started badly, while The Regent, Alderman, and Blondin got away in front. At the fivo furlongs Lucy had established herself with the command, and there she remainod to the finish. Abori- ginal showed immense speed, and passed everything but Mr Town's mare in the first quarter of a mile j and it looked as if he would have been very close to tho winner if be had not hung st the post. Tippler made a splen- did effort in the straight, and brought Lucy to the whip, making the finish very doubtful in the last stride or two. The time was four seconds and a bit longer than he won this race in last year, and threo and a half longer than Blondin did the distanco in tho Autumn. Glencoe had established suoh a bad name in his work that some people were not certain about his winning when ho came out for tho Ladies' Cup, over the distanoe at which he is such a don. The odds ought to have been twenty to ono on him, and so ho scorned to think, for ho won in a cantor, in his old stylo, which is well-known at Randwick. Haifa dozen sported silk for the Maiden Plate, Lamp- lighter, with a five pound penalty, being first favorite, and Moselle, who carried three pounds extra, next in demand ; and so they finished tho race. Queen Bee was in front most part of tho journey, but tho Derby form was too good, the difference in the state of tho ground accounting for the time with light weights, being seconds slower than on Saturday, with the eight stone ten and five. This is the slowest Spring Maiden Plate there has boen at Randwick for some time-Bulginbar, Fireworks, and Ragpicker having all won it in better time. And now came tho great race of tho day and tho meeting, for whioh the backers of Tim Whiffler had the poor satisfac- tion of finding him scratched on tho course, after being kept up as first favorite from the appearance of the weights until the very night before the race. His with- drawal at tho lest moment was a good deal talked about, and it certainly was not pleasant for people who. had "stood" him to the end; but however this may be, wo must do Mr DeMestro the justice to say, that it had been whispered for some days that his horse would not go. There, no doubt, wero many who said hard things about tho horse being scratched so lato in the day, and it may be with good reason. Had the same thing hap- pened in Melbourne, there would doubtless have been a great amount of adverse writing on the subject, and it does not seem good that it should be done here; but for this week we leave the case as it stands, with the simple remark, that if Mr DeMestre knew the horse had no chance be ought to liavo been scratched before. As the race was run, and as it finished, we have no doubt that " Tim," or, in his absence, Glencoe could have won it. A largo field had been looked forward to for the " Motrop" ; but by tho time the numbers went up tho twenty-six whose names were in tho book had been re- duced to a dozen. Those among the absentees who had been backed for tho race were-(besides Tim Whinier) Blondin, Ragpiokcr, Glencoe, The Moor, and Phoebe. The rest had never been considered as having a show ; but from tho small chance Italian treated his friends tb, it seems almoBt a pity that Glenooo was not entrusted with the mission. Most of the nags looked well ; but there were some without the ghost of a chance, euch as Al, Carnation, and Stumpy who never neared the front. Italian went about a mile and a quarter and then was beaten ; and Coquette who ran well in front' to tho fur side, found tho distance too long for ber. Circassian mad e his own running all tho way, and has proved himself a really good horse, doing much credit to Mr Winch's judgment in the training department. - Besides all this, he was very well ridden by young Brpwn ; nothing being so difficult for a young rider as lying in front of a field of horses through a two mile race. The great astonisber, we believe, was tho performance of Grey Momus, who wont very near pulling offa big race for Mr Ivory when the coup was least expected. From the timo he came through at the bushes, he ran a fine game race home, showing himself a regular sticker, and a most worthy son of old Sir Hercules. Warrior finished the good constant horse ho has always appeared in public, and Driscoll did all that could bo done with him; but ho was just one little bit not good enough. Considering the state of tho ground, wo must call the time good. There were but throe horses in the race from the lest turn ; and it rauBt be conceded that what looked some timo since on paper to be a fino field, dwindled down in reality to a very middling one at laet. The handicap turned out to be a pretty good one and the running of Circassian on this day, as well as Saturday, quite does away with any reason there might have been for grumbling about his weights. He carrried his penalty of three pounds (not three pounds overweight as says tho Herald) and had no trouble to fetch it home iii front-he never was called upon. Yesterday morn- ing we heard sundry end divers people finding fault with Driscoll for his riding of Warrior; and more unjust remarks were never made. Those who were dissatisfied may rest assured that Driscoll knows moro about riding a raoe than they ever did or ever. will. He was giving a stone and two pounds, besides his gelding's allowance, to Circassian; and tico stone and five pounds to Grey Momus-all being of the samo year ; and tho backors of Warrior may depend that they had every show for their money. Its very fashionable to crack up winning jockeys and run down losers ; but wo must this timo say, as far as our opinion is worth anything, that Driscoll rode his horse Uko an artiste. The Squatters' Stakes wound up tho day's proceedings ; but there was not much interest taken in it-all the excitement having vanished with tho raoo for the Metro- politan. Surbiton won it, with a throe pounds penalty, after-Marksman had made the running; and tho quality of those behind them will be understood when wo say that Lottery was third. This tells no good talo for Idlo Boy and Romulus ; though tho latter carried 51b over- weight.- Hector was last all tho way. First Boco.-Tho SHOUTS (handicap) ol 0 sov each, h ft, entrance fee only if declared by 20th August, with GO sov added, for 8 yrs and upwards ; } mlle ; weights on tho 10th August ; a winner of any handicap thoreaftor to carry 101b extra. Entrance, 1£ sov. Mr A. Town's b tn Lucy, by Australian, 0 yrs, 0st/71b. .8. Davis 1 W. H. Kent's Tippler, aged, Ost 21b .. ;.Buddlo 2 H. Fisher's bl h Blondín, 0 yrs, Ost 01b.A. Davis 3 Arklns's g m Maritana, aged, Sst 111b. fiamsay Hon. B. Pringas b m Pandora, 5 yrs, 7st 01b. V. M'Cabo Mr Chaffe ns Bay Begent, 3 yrs, 7sL Fynn Byan's ch g Alderman, 6 yrs, 7st. H. Lewis B. Bradbury's br g Catapult, aged, Cst 101b. .L. Martlneor A. Town's b f Tarragona, 1 yrs, Ost 01b. A, Sboa E. Dines'* b g Aboriginal, 3 yrs, fist Dib. Tylor D. Mayne's ch f Kate Dolrymplo, 8 yrs, Oat 21b. J. Sherring ham T. Ivory's ch m Lady Elizabeth, 3 yrs, Ost 21b. W. Shorrlng ham .H. Fisher's b g Albany, 6 yrs, Ost 81b. J, Morrison ..Betting: 5.to leach agit Blondín, Albany, Be v Regent; Alderman, and Abortgiual i 6 to 1 agst Tippler i 7 to X, each agaS Pandora, Lucy, and Tarragona. ?. v ;! After no end of dodging and attempts at getting «wayj in.all of whioh Aboriginal'was in front and Puudora standing still, far behind tho other horses, Alderman took a gallop on bia own account, and wont round a t fJr Bl the rocks before he-was "pullled up. ' As soon"as i'm run- away lind rejoined his follows, Mr Burt gut- them together and sent thom on tlieir way, but not ia very good order. Bay Begent, Alderman, and Bloiuliu got Orst away, and cut out tho work nt their best pacej determined to mako the moat of their advantage* ; but Aboriginal, who was last but ono in tho start, iv, nt by his horses on the outside as if they were standing still. Whan a hundred yards had been traversed Lucy showed out from the ruck, and at tho five furlongs had a s: rona, load ; Mr Dinoa'* colt having already taken, second? place, Bay Begent lying third, with Albany in tho Courin' position. " In this order they ran to the turn for homo;' round whish they came in tho following order:-I.ney, with a strong lead; Aboriginal,Blondin and Bay Hi^wif, and it oppoared as if thoro wos nothing else in the race;¡ However, there was a great run left in Tippler, and coming out at the distance Buddie made a fine rush with him, making Sam Davis ride the mare vigorously homey and being beaton at the finish only by a neck. Blondín was third, Bay Begent fourth, Mr Dines's colt fifth, aU woll together, and tho rest were beaten off. Timo, 1 min 24 2-10ths BOC Second Race-Tho LADIES' Cur, value 20 sov, with 60 sov addej to a sweepstakes ot 6 sov eslah ; for 3 yrs and upwards -, 1 ault Entrance, tj sov. - Mr R. Dines's ch h Glencoe, 6 yrs, by Lord of the Hills out of Queen of Clubs.Ramsay 1 E. Lee's ch m Phoebe, 0 yrs.Thompson t A. Town's br g Darkle, 4 yrs .S, Davis 1 Betting : 2 to 1 on Glencoe. T Darkie went away in front, but after going a short distance the mare took tho lead, followed by Glencoe, the Bichraond nag retiring to the rear, whore ho re- mained for the reat of the journey, without interfering with the other two. Tho favorite waited on Phoebo to the turn for home, when he came away from her, and won ia a common canter by a length. Time, 1 min 52$ secs. Third Race.- Tbs SPRING METROPOLPTAN MAIDEN' PLATJ of 200 sov, for all Malden horses (including winners ot two yr stakes, under a penalty for winning once Slbs, twice or mon 61bs) at time of entrance ; penalty for winning thereafter once, Albs ; twice or more. Tibs. 'One mile and a bau*. Second horse IO sov from the Club. Entrance, 6 sov. Mr P. J. Keighran's br e Lamplighter, 3 yrs, by Ferryman out of Gaslight, 7st 8lb (incl. 6lb pen.; .S. Davis .1 G. Forrester's ch f Moselle, 3 yrs, 7st llb (incl. 31b pen.) ......».G. bheringham , J. M'Quade's b f Juanita, 8 yrs, 7st llb (incl. 31bs pen.) : ..\\.-. Shields E. K. Cox's b f Queen Bee, 3 yrs, Ost 121b Lodgo J. Tait's ch c Detective, 3 yrs, 7st 31b W. Davis R. Dines's b c.Croydon, 3 yrs, 7st Sib (decl. 2}lb over) Holme Betting : 5 to 4 on Lamplighter, 6 to 4 agst M iselle, 5 to 1 agst Croydon, 10 to 1 agst any othor. After a good start, the first, to show in front wa Lamplighter, with Queen Bee in attendance and befon arriving at the distance Mr..Cox's filly had the lead which she carried on past the .Bland; her immédiat followers at that point being Juanita and Lamplightei This order was not interfered with round the'gáM tum and at tho rocks Moselle was lying fourth, and Croydoi aotiog as whipper- in. A ohange took place among then after rounding the turn at Cutts's; and along tho fa side Croydon was running second to " The Bee," whî the rear was brought up by the favorite At the top c the hill Moselle went to tho front and held the cominan round tho Champion corner, past the bushes, and to th turn for home, where tho Melbourne colt came out an took the lead. Up the straight Moselle was ridden t catch the favorite, but without avail, and " Lamps gallopod home a very comfortable winner by a couple c lengths ; Juanita finished third, and Croydon fourtl Time, 2min 48seoe. Idle Boy did not start Jfnr tbi race, though he appears as having done so by tin Serild. He must have been mistaken for the filly Queel Bee, or vice versa. Fourth Raco.-The GREAT METROPOLTTANSTAKEH (handles] of 20 sov each, 8 ft, 4 if declared by 2nd August, 2 only If by 1 July (either of which must bo paid when declared, otliend they will not be declarations), with 260 sov added : for all hone 2 miles ; second horso 40 sov, third 20 from the prize. Enid closed with 45 subs. ' Mr W. Winch's br h Circassian, 0 yrs, by Chevalier, ont of Chalice, 7st Sib (31b extra) .T. Brown T. Ivory's gr g Grey Momus, 0 yrs, by Sir Hercules, Cst sib V J. Brown li. Uhdo's b g Warrior, 0 yrs, by New "Warrior, 8st 131b Driscoll R. Dines's bl h The Italian, 5 yrs, Sst 131b. Ramsay E. DeMestre's b g Stumpy, aged, Ssl 81b. Atkins Cliaafe ns br h Sir John, 0 yrs, 7st 121b. Fynn Dr Bowker's b m Carnation, 5 yrs, 7st Olb. H. Lewis Mr D. Melhado's b f Cbquotto, 4 TTS, 7st 41b. Southall J, Tait's ch c The Earl, 4 yrs, 7st 41b. Holmes A. Town's br c Sir William, '4 yrs, Ost 121b. S. Davis E. Leo's ch m Barbelle, 4 yrs, Ost 121b. J. Sherringham S. Bradbury's br f Al, 4 yrs, Cst 41b. Bryan'. Batting : 3 to 1 agst Warrior, 4 to 1 ngst Cireussis 5 to 1 ugsl Italian and Barbolle, 10 to 1 agst Sir Joli and Cornation, 15 to 1 agst Sir William, 20 to 1 eg (irrnr Mnmin. When the fing fell, Coquette showed first in advance with Circassian a good three lengths away from anything and at tho five furlongs post, ofter settling into tbei places, Mr Winch's big horse had the lead, Coqueto going second, and Grey Momus third ; tho rest well ap ond no tailing up to this point. Thoy ron withoo change of order round tho Champion corner, along by th bushoi>, and round the turn into the straight ; up wbio the leaders came at agréât paoe. At the stand Italia: had ran into third place, Grey Momus fourth, and Th'< Earl next, with the- others in a cluster at their heels and at the rooks the same order was maintained. Dow: the far side Circassian continued to lead tho way, and at the hill the paco mended considerably-the tail- ing commencing in .earnest. Tne Italian, came to the end of his tether at the end of a milo and a quarter, and disappeared from the iront j The'Earl, with whom Holmes seemed anxious to go up at the hill, although ho did appear for a moment to improve his position, died away without eror. reaching tho front or looking dangerous at any point of the race ; and Coquette ww out of it before reaching the bushes, where Grey Morans had beaten most of thosb behind him, and established bimsolf séoohd, in" close attendance on the leader ; thi immediate followers of tho foremost pair being, ns the« carno to the turn for home, the'' samo as they liad been in the last half mile. Nothing else showed to the front in coming up the straight, and Circassian, without being collared, won easily by half a length ; Warrior was i capital' third ;'.Coquette :a bad- fourth. Tho rest wen in a cluster, two lengths behind Coquette, with tho er.' ception of tho three extreme last-Stumpy, Italian, and The Karl-who, strango to say, were the picks of'thi Turf Prophets, "Peeping Tom," "Nemo,'' and "Pegasus.! Time, 3min 42}sco. Vnluo of the stakes, -after deductinj the second and third money and the winner's own stilt, £628. ' ' j Fifth nace.-Tho SQUATTERS' STAKES of 6 BOV each, with 60 MI added, for S yrs and upwards, which have not won a prizs.ei' ceeding80sov in value up to time of entrance. Awinnerofiad a prize thereafter to carry Sib extra ; 1} mile. Entrance, 1J SOT, Mr E. Lee's b c" Surbiton, S yrs, 7st 31b (and filbs penalty) ; .H. Lewis 1 E. DeMestre's b c Marksman, 4 yrs, Sst 121b.Donnelly. S S. H. Terry's oh c Lottery, 8 yrs, 7»t 31b.S Dsvü I Vf. Avery's b f Blue Bonnet, 4 yrs, Sst 71b F. ISirtiácer L. Uhdc's b e Romulus, 3 yrs,' 7st 31b (and 61b over) Bennett O. Baldwin's b c Idle Boy, 3 yrs, 7st 4 Jl" Holmes Dr Bowkert ch c Buona Vista, 8 yrs, 7st 4Jlb L. Martlncer Mr A. Thompson's ch g Hector, 8 yrs, 7st 2} F. M'Cabe Betting : Even on Surbiton, 3 to 1 against Marksman and Bomulus, 4 to 1 against Idle Boy and Buona Vista. The flag fell to a good start, and Marksman went away in front, with Surbiton, Romulus, and Lottery in the order named ; Hector bringing up the rear. So the race proceeded till they landed in tho straight, when Surbiton wont up to Marksman, who didn't seem to like it when ho was collared, and had tho whip administered. However "ho was riot deprived bf his second position, and was beaten by Surbiton easily by a length.-Lottery s good third.. Time, 2min 20iseo. - On such a day, every one was glad to got away from tho course, and it wasn't' long before tho place uss deserted. THIBD-DAY, FBIDAY. . Tho cold wind and cold rain continued through Thurs- day night, and things looked more bleak than crer on Friday morning. Cheerless indeed did the course look and feel when wo arrived there; and although Friday it always a bad day, we never saw tho liko of this one, Thero were the professionals who go for profit, and there wore tho people who go for pay, but would gladly gire the pay not to go ; but beyond theso tho attendance vu scant indeed. Thero was nothing to toll of on tho course, No Governor, no aristocrats, no anything but racing; people ; and so we go to work to toll how tho races came off. Before wo begin, though, wo havo to toll of one Cook's Biver omnibus that persisted in racing down hill endangering tho lives of tho passengers thereby, and frightening terribly those who happened to bo before it. Wo arrived at the course, nigh wot through, ond found Glencoe and Italian going against Tim and Coquette fol tho Craven Plate. Tho nppearanco of Tim Whiffler cauBcd sonto remark, after tho doubtful scratching of Thursdoy ; but had ho\ belonged to another atablo vt question whether ho would havo been allowed to run. Ho was well beaton by Glencoo ; and this quieted o good deal fof argument, as tho public were pleased to eco tue horse that had thrown thom over on Thursdoy beat«, on tho Friday. Then como tho Prince of Wales Stake», for which Mr Tait Btartod a brace, and with Poison pron« ¡ his first race ot tho meeting. Nelson made all the wn'fc ning, and Poison, tackling tho Maid of Hinton;in the °"*lg tanoo, won ooBily. Tho next was tho Mares' -?r0"B3lfc. Mwelve that wore in th« book. The knowing01 ."thrown over, for it wa» looked upon ai a eertaii p0p or Paradise j", but strange to si f tr djd not turn out to bo the Horse 'i bia l'or our part wo aro tnuoh inclined to thi .kid Slr Dines let tho pair go on their morits, t ir nit have won. In tho CitylHandicap, tho favor ^."Valter-ran a groat race with Mr Leo's fast Hi "jJl? «Barbollo was first into tho rails, but at til r a that realty artistic horseman, S. Davis, broug Ti bono »nd tno d"0 rnn 0 desporato raco hon 't«n BS carno ns pebbles, the filly winning a truo ri .kv, abott hoad. The Corinthian Cup was w< br Sir Hercules, who was cleverly ridden by 2 fîL Orr, of Melbourne. Stanley, who was very sc Iii sins, was beaton a quarter of a mile. The run i fîï/produeo Stakes was looked noon as a certain jiflu fop, and 2 toi was readily laid on him. Tl "in» was rather a difficult matter, as both wore in Sharry to got away. After two bVeaksjway, MrBni Cbebaved with commendable 'firmness, succooded : 'sins them ou"'° 8 oaP,tB* s'ark Thompson to< * fL to tho front nt onie, was'nevêr caught, and wc ¿rirl; by two longths. The following is a resume of tl ¡SSe-Tho CRAVEN" PLATE of 100sov, for 3 yrs and o "TA-H mlle. Entrance 2J sov. «lt nines'« ch h Glencoe,, 6 yrs, Oat 61b.Hamsay "tDeMestre'sbh Tim Whiffler, aged, Oat81b.Donnelly n Melluwlo's b f Coquette, 4 yrs, 8st 71b.S. Davis t Dines'i W h Th0 l-"lan, 6 yrs. Dst 61b Betting: Even between Tim and Glenooe, Tim fe áoicí» ifood start sent Coquette, away with tho lead, an ta Dans rushod her along at a merry pace, wit Wja aecond. At tho rooks The Italian wont in fron t-mJ the moro making a great race round Onttg's turr (jfltlim had ron into third place. At tho tan sid sgxnt went past Tim, tho leading pair continuing sid hade, and when they rose tho hill tho four wor triter. Glencoe and Tim then left the other pair, am ¿Dtilestro's horse had once hie head and neck ii ¡gt; but the lord's son came in the straight and woi jjïî'ut trouble, amidst much cheering from tho peopl rio fancied they might havo pulled off doubles, o ¿Jims of the sort, bad Tim been allowed io tain th Vstopolitan. Time, 2 min 19 seo. tesiRscc-Tho PRINCE OF WALES STAKES of 0 sov each ra»"ovaddcd,for3yrs and upwards; 1} milo. Secondhors mctontof tho prize. Tho winnor to bs.sold by auction ira HdiitelT after the race for £100 ; if for £80, aUowcd 71b ; £70 IS; ÍO0, 101b; £50, 2Slb. Tho amount. If any, realised ii ses ol the entered selling price to go to tho fund. Entrance ..Wilt's ch m Toison (late Sweetheart), 0 yrs, £60, 7st Sib R ."..-.S. Davis'' : t lynch's "* m M*ld of Hinton, aged, £50,7st 81b...Lowls ! J. Tilt's br g Nelson, aged, £60, 7st 101b .W. Davis ! 'Torr's CT g Chancellor, 6 yrs, £60, 7st 131b Bennett J.DeClouetf« br g Tho Gift, aged, £50, 7st 101b Bitting: Maid of Hinton the favourite at 3 to 2 ogal ir. ""fison made the running,. with Tho Gift noit, and rem waiting in the rear. At tho far sida they were ¿together, whan Poison joined her horses, and after King round the bushes and'landing in the straight it m trident that she could ran over the Maitland mare naibl pleasad. Up the straight Poiaon won easily, riling off tho first of tho meeting for tho yellow and black jaijîmin lOiaoo. UMIiee.-The A.J.O. (Afores) PRODUCE STAKES of 10 SOÏ ai hit, 2} only for thoso which declared on the Thursday (MU» Autumn nesting of 1808, with 100 sov from tho A. J C. i¿d, for 3 jrs-colt«, Sst 101b, fillies Sst 51b. The winner ol & (Australian) Derby Stakes 71b, of tho A.J.C. (Sires) Produce Sala or Champagne Stakes 41b, of both 61b extra, ll milo. Qtiecond horso to receive 10, and the third 5 per cent, on the ESimountof tho prize, to bo deductod therefrom. Entries dil «Ith 43 subs. hi Dines's b c Croydon, by Lord of the Hills-Requiem .?.W. Davis t LLee't b c Tho Fop, Slr by Hercules-Vanity. .Thompson t C Beyuolds's br f Juanita, by New Warrior-Saucobox .S. Davis 3 I Dines's b f Faradlso, by Lord of tho Hills-Mainstay Bamsay I DeMcstro's br f Quiver, by Archer-Laurestlna Atkins Ii Stan declared to win with Croydon. fitting: The Fop tho favourite nt 8 to 2 on him. lanita led, with Tho Fop in waiting, Paradise bring gip tho rear. At tho Bocks all woro together, and at to'-The Pop and Croydon went away by themselves, rfauid in front oil tho way, and ofter a splendid raco nie a dead heat. Juanita was third. Time, 2min 35-lOth eec. fri Eacc-Tho SYDNEY HANDICAP of 10 sov each, lift or canee fee only if declarod by 20th August, with 100 sov added, tips arra upwards ¡ 1J nulo. Second horso 20 sov from the pa Weights on the 10th August. A winner of any handicap trailer to carry 61b extra. Tho winner of tho Great Mctro lüun Stakes 31b additional. Entrance, 2} sov. IL Lee's ch f BarbcUo, 4 yrs, 7st llb.H. Lowls 1 P. J. Keighran's b g Sir Walter, aged, 7st 11lb .S. Davis 2 (tafe ns ch c Rowden, 4 yrs, Ost 131b.J. Fynn 3 I DeMcstro's b g Stumpy, aged, Sst lilli. Atkins J. T. Ryan's ch c Blabber, 4 yrs, Ost 51b. M. Brien I [Hide's b g Warrior, aged, Ost. J. Kean 1 Town's br g Darkie, 4 yrs, 7st 71b. Summerville E. Fisher's hr I Ragpicker, 4 yrs, 7st Alb. Southall Btitinc; : 3 to a ugst Sir Walter, 2 to 1 agst Warrior, lalsgst Barbelle, 5 to 1 oget any other. 1 good start, Sir Willinm, Barbollo, and Warrior ?Cf first away. Barbolle wont to tho front when pey the stand, and Bawden'ran into second place, FISK next, and Blabber, running wide, last. Before siing the Derby turn Sir Walter passed Bawden and Trrior, and took second plooe. On entering the roils sffilter got lovel with Barbolle, and a croat race mid, the pair flogging 'oil the wayup tba straight, BI¿IT eventually winning by a head ;. Bawden third, ri» lengths behind Sir Walter; Warrior finished tee, and, we think, Darkie fifth. Time, 2 min 45 seo. DtciDHtG HEAT POR THE PBODTJOB STAKES. Klee's br c Tho Fop, s yrs, 8st 101b ...G. Thompson 1 I Mae's b o Croydon, 3 yrs. Sst 101b..J. Ramsay 2 Betting : 2 to l on Tho Fop. - ? Here were two broaksaway, owing to:'Thompson's dirty to get off, at tho Beoond' of which' Borne " gentle aa" endeavored to hoot Mr Burt, but this was Boon out ira by the applause of all present. At tho third Sapt they were sent away on equal terms, but Tho Fop c; quickest on his legs, immediately wont to the front dtemainod there throughout tho roce, not withstanding spmo finish of MrDines's colt. îhftice.-The CORINTHIAN Cur (valued £60) with a sweep iiwrcach, forSyrsand upwards. Welter weights. Tobe ridden ^members ot thefA.J.0. or V.R.C. ; li milo. A wlnnor of cy race ol tho value ot 60 sov 71b j 76 sov 101b; 100 sovUIb: S sov 211b ¡ SOO sov and upwards, 281b extra. Entrance, ll ii Ivory's br g Slr Hercules, 6 yrs, list 21b.Mr R. Orr 1 D. M'lnncs's b g Whalebone, aged, list 71b Mr J. X Roberts 2 LTown's br e Stanley, 3 yrs, Oat 71b...... -Mr W. Fowles 8 Betting : 6 to 4 on Whalebone/ 2t to 1 agstSir Her ¿* ., :. '.''"? 7 _ Er Hercules went to tho front the moment the flag fell, dill tho way, and won easily by two lengths. Stanley, co was dreadfully shin Boro, was beaten a quarter of a û. A protest lins beon entered against Sir Hercules, on Aground that he had won an advertised prizo of £50, did not carry a penalty for so doing.. Tho protest bisot yet been decided. - ' . lit following is tho list of entries for to-day's W! formn (PLATE) DAY, BATOBDAY, SEPTJSMBEJI lim. rztEiee.-Tho TRADESMEN'S FIXATE of 40 sov, added to a rnrprtakes of 4 sor each ; for 3 yrs and upwards ; } mile «rince, 1 sov. 1 st lb tl Blues's bl h The Italian, 6 yrs.' ".... 0 4 aE.l'ring'sbm Pandora,Oyrs .T. O l «1 Erin's ch g Alderman; 6 yrs.,. 0 1 i. Town's br c Slr William, 4 yrs .,.;... 8 12 t.IMhado's b f Coquette,4yrs. 8 7 0 Lce'sch I Bsrbello, 4 yrs .'.,.,. 8 7 1 Town's b m Tarragona, 4 yrs. 8 7 P. J. Keighran's br c Lamplighter, 3 yrs. 7 7 «ute ns bc Bay Regent, 8 yrs. 7 7 EDlnes'sbrf Paradise, 8yrs'... 7 2 D. Mirna's ch f Kate Dalrymple,'8 yrs. 7 2 w»d Bice.-Tho GRAND STAND PLATE of 00 sov, for 8 yrs vanp*»rds ; 1} mile. A winner of any raco of tho value of .?er, 51b; 100, 71b; 160, 101b; 800, 141b; 600, 101b; 1000, SJ uta. Entrance, 21 sov. v,. ' »' b o'-Wt'i br g OrvUlo, ogod.-.,. 0 8 I. Irotr's br g Traverton, aged...... 0 6 ..T. Bran's cb c Blabber, 4 yrs. 8 12 J-Town's b g Darklo, 4 yrs ......,... 8 0 *-!«'. b<¡ Surbiton, 3 yrs. 7 3 tUMrt bc Romulus, 3 yrs. 7 3 ^Iwii's b c Stanley, 3 yrs. 7 3 JI Terry's che Lottery, 3 yrs.,. 7 .3 £ Tubers bro Charon, 3 yrs. 7 8 f?,^'00 Croydon,3 yrs... 7 3 M'Qosde'sb f Juanita, 3yrs....:.... 0 12 ttrfEjee._The WAVERLEY HANDICAP of 8 sov each, h ft, 5?.T« fee only if declared by'20th August, with 80 sov «M.for 3 yrs and upwards : lj mlle ; seebnd horso 10 sov rai UM priie. weiBhts on tho 10th August. A winner of Kjumllcap thereafter to carry 71b extra. Tho winner of tho 6£Wtcstre's hg Stumpy, agod . 0 fi J I« i ch m Phoebe, o yrs . 0 2 lUhhers bl h Blondín, Oyrs ...... 8 10 hn «MC,U0Tu0Ea«. « yrs..:.,'.. 8 8 »RJIelhi«lo'sbmCoquotto,4yrs....... 8 8 l,rTktr,,b.n> Carnation, 6yrs., .. 8 8 ?.4-lowosbrgI)arkIo,4yrs.". 8 0 4 Town s bro Slr William, 4 yrs. 7 ll J-DiMcstre's bc Marksman, 4 yrs...... 7 0 £«eich f Barbollo, 4yrs ........;....... 7 8 wotens che Bawden, 4 yrs.;.;.... 7 0 i'iW'SpGrcy Momus,Oyrs..'. 7 0 itu PT"*''' yrs!...!......"I ."... 7 0 J>. Baldwin's b e Idle Boy, 3 yrs .... 0 4 cT5f EANDwIOKl PLATE of 200 sov, for 8 yrs and ï1»*; 3 miles. Entrance, 6 sov. , , ^ Îïîî0?*^?"" b 11 TIn> Wilmer, ogod. lVl l Si ' b,s Warrior, 0 yrs... 0 12 fr W«e» » ch h Glencoo, 6 yrs .....'.;.. 0 . U J-»Ines s Uh Italian, Oyrs............ 0 0 H'piiT ^0'?^^, 4 yrs. .. 8 0 '.l^'",T.h?*'0R0ED HANDICAP of 6 sov each, for oil wln g| turlnthian Cup winner excepted), for whom and all «u- borscs tho entrance is optional, but acceptance obliga "7. entranco for such will close at a time to bo hereatter aow, i j njUe. The winner to pay 6 gomoM to the Club. 