TASMANIA UNITED. It was the hypothesis of a well travelled and largely experienced German Prince that our earth, like a vessel loosed from her moorings, is left, under the protection and coercion of the immutable laws of nature, to the management of her own crew; and that consequently the people of any nation are left (in so tar as it depends on human opera tion, and not on those. 'I immutable laws) to be the frames ot their own destiny, the founders of their own history, whether great or small, by their own inherent moral strength or weakness. Assuming it to be true that such a responsibility rests upon the shoulders of the people of any nation, how have Tasmanians ful filled the duty imposed upon them ? We fear that the answer must be, ' very imperfectly,' and that if the history and ultimate destiny of this country depended upon the moral strength, activity, and enterprise of its present inhabitants it would be weak indeed. It is by no means a gratifying task for us to write thus depreciatingly of the people among whom our lot has been cast, but we recognise a duty incumbent upon us as public journalists to set down, when speaking of Tasmania and Tasmanians, ' the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.' It appears to us that the people of this colony have suffered materially in the eyes of Australian colonists generally, by their too great aptness .to exaggerateeverything Tasmanian. More than once lately the country has been the subject of ridicule in the columns of the ilelbeurne press, simply on account of this aptitude on the part of Tasmanians to blow about their prospects and their pro bable successes. There can be no reason to doubt that Tasmania ha? within herself the elements of great and unmistakable prosperity, but as we have often said before, it will require far more energy and enter prise to develops her resources and bring about that prosperity, than is possessed by her present inhabitants. There is a relentless ttpirit of inac tivity abroad in the land which defies progress. Those who should be foremost in aiding the material advancement of the colony hang back and will not ; those who are most anxious to do so possess neither the opportunity nor the means ; and yet there are few colonists who do not thoroughly understand that we are now follow ing a standstill and ruinous policy. The majority of men, in conversa tion, are ready to admit at once the necessity for increased activity and for the exercise of strong and expen sive measures in order to enable us to maintain our own, and to keep pace with the more enterprising communities surrounding us, but how few are willing to act! We perceive the better course and applaud it ; but with the most reso lute determination we persist in following the worse. There can be but one end to such a system as that now prevailing, and that end is na tional ruin. The only hope that re mains for the colony is that some step will be taken either acciden tally or in desperation, which shall have the effect of drawing a new population to our shores. Should our quartz reefs, now being developed by Victorian enterprise, alter having been tinkered for fifteen or sixteen years by Tasmanians. turn out as is anticipated, the effect upon the future progress and industry of the country will be most improving ; or if with such a prospect betore them, the Parliament in the coming session should decide upon undertaking a liberal expenditure upon railways and other public works great bene fits will necessarily result, The countrv will be opened UP. and the lands may probably be cultivated with some prospect of profit, while there can be no doubt that our trade and intercourse with other countries will be greatly increased. The railway question is, hov^evaft even now a bone of contention between two extensive divisions of the com munity. Those who favour it do so in consideration of the immense indirect benefit it will bestow vpon the country ; those who oppose it do so on the ground that as a direct commercial speculation it will not pay, and they insist that before the colony incurs the responsibility of a heavy loan for railway works popu lation and traffic should be created to make it directly a payable con cern. If we are to wait for our railway until that occurs, when the main line is opened doomsday will be near indeed. Tasmania wants railways to attract poplation, to develope her resources and to'create traffic, and the only question for the consideration of her Legislature in dealing with the question is as to whether she has, within herself, natural resources sufficient, if developed, to enable her to bear the burden and to rise to a position oi wealth. It may be at once admitted that for some time at all events the railway, if constructed, would not return, as the result of its traffic, enough to cover the in terest on the loan and the working expenses ; but we believe firmly that the traffic returns, added to the im mense increase in the general revenue which must follow the construction and opening of the line, would far mote than cover both interest and working expenses, while the impetus that would be given to settlement, and the increase which would neces sarily take place in the value of pro perty throughout the country would be very large. These are a few of the indirect benefits which would be likely to follow the construction ol the railway - ; the consideration of which leads us to place faith in the opinion of Messrs. Uoyne, Major, and Willett, that ' Tasmania so united and strengthened will be able to bear the increased burden of debt.' The costly character of the existing lines of railway in Victoria has hitherto constituted the chief bar to the rapid extension of railway com munication throughout that country. District after district has put in its claim to be considered in the scheme of railway extension, and there is no disputing the need of rapid commu nication in the majority of such in stances, but the cost, under the pre sent system of construction is such that even wealthy and energetic Victoria has to hold her hand, and ministers endeavour to initiate a plan under which the lines shall be constructed at a fixed rate per annum. As a necessary means of regulating the increase of the public debt this is no doubt, a wise system, but it is one fraught with manifold injustice. Under it one range of districts must be placed greatly in advance of other divisions of the country, while these divisions are taxed at the same time and rate to bear the burden; but even this system, unjust though it appears, has been deemed by v ictorians far preferable to that of neglecting the construction of the railway lines.and leaving the whole country without those blessings which regular and rapid transit must always produce. The difficulty to which we have re ferred has led to a desire on the part of Victorian politicians to dis cover some more economical mode of railway construction applicable to the wants of the country, aud under which the progress of railway ex tension might be made more general. A select committee of the Legisla tive Assembly has been sitting for some time past collecting evidence respecting the various new and cheap railway systems which have at tracted attention in Great Britain, and the report, when published is likely to prove a most interesting and instructive document. From time to time progress reports have been issued by the committee, from which it appears that they are un favourable to the continuance of the English model as that of Victorian lines. The report enters into a minute examination of the cost of the principal railways in Europe and America, and draws the conclusion that ' in a new country with a limited population, sparsely settled, and with a limited borrow ing power, the most advantageous system of railway construction is that which will provide the inhabi tants with sufficient ordinary a cco modation, at moderate speed and moderate fares.' The majority of evidence given by eminent engi neers before the Euglieh Royal Commission, which sat in 1867, confirms tbe correctness of this view, and indicates the possibility of constructing railways in young British communities, ample (or all requirements during many years to come, upon a principle which shall represent a happy medium between English substantiality and cost, and American cheapness and flim siness. It is believed that such railways, including rolling stock and stations can be made for £6,000 per mile in Victoria, and if the principle proposed is affirmed by parliament, we may expect, during the next few years to see the work of construction pushed on rapidly in that colony. The cost of existing Victorian railways has been at the rate of £33,930 per mile, and it is hardly to be wondered at that the committee should report, a system so costly to have been a fatal mistake. It is now proposed to construct nearly five miles of railway at the cost of one of those already in existence, and if the plan is adopted, who can doubt that the work will be speedily pushed onwards until the scream of the iron horse resounds throughout the length and breadth of the land. Some curious statistics will be brought to light on the publication of the select committee's report, and particularly those relating to the disproportionate results of the systems pursued by different countries. Some of these have already appeared in the Argus,' and we find ' that England has 9,251 miles of railway, at £40,000 per mile; Scotland, 2,200, at £23,000; Ireland, 1,838, at £14,000; France, 9,014, at £35,000; Belgium, 1,247, at £18,000; Canada, 2529, at £12,600 ; India, 3,332, at £18,000; and the United States, 35,935, at £8,000 ; and so on.' The plan proposed for the construc tion of the future Victorian lines shows a less rate of cost per mile than any of the instances here quoted, but it must be remembered that engineering science has made rapid strides since the countries above mentioned commenced the work of railway construction, and that in each and all of these coun tries lines ol railway are now laid down at a cost greatly below the average given. £6,000 per mile is, no doubt, a fair average estimate for railways to be conducted at a medium rate of speed, through such a country as Victoria ? and at that price works of a thoroughly sub stantial character should now be secured. No better evidence of this could be found than that contained in the elaborate Parliamentary Survey of the Tasmanian Main Line Railway which has just been presented to the Government by Messrs. Doyne, Major, and Willett. The engineering difficulties in con structing a line of railway through a country so irregular as this, are necessarily far greater than are pre sented in the comparatively level lands of Victoria, but the estimate in our case — some expensive tun nelling and zigzag work included — is but £6,700 per mile. We regard the results arrived at by the Vic torian Select Committee as, to some extent, a guarantee of the accuracy, of Messrs. Doyne, Major, and Willett'ti estimate ; and more than this, as tolerably conclusive evidence tha, in spite of the passion for cheap railways by which many worthy men are now infatuated, that no suffi ciently substantial, durable or re munerative line of railway can be constructed for less money. The discussion of the report of our En gineers will form the chief feature of the coming Parliamentary Session, and it is important that members should well acquaint themselves with the bearings ot the whole question before proceeding to the work. We trust that the report of the Victorian committee will be published in time for reference, as its consideration may influence the result of the dis cussion in an important degree. We shall look forward to the receipt of this document with considerable in terest. ? ♦ ? Local Distillation and the in justice of the Distillation Prohibition Act are subjects which have been persistently ventilated in this journal for the last three years ; and that, too, in the face of the culpable apathy of those so deeply interested in the distillation question — the agriculturists. We are gratified to find that our labour has (not been entirely wasted, but that it has at length elicited a favourable report. It will be remembered that the Par liamentary committee on manufac tures decided that distillation should be made the subject of enquiry before a Special Commission. The Executive appointed tbe Commis sion, and we have now their report before us- The appendix to the report shows the great variety of crops which can be grown in the climate and soil of this colony, aag tnenting the advantages which, were distillation allowed, would arise to our farmers, and that these would be much greater than distillation affords to the agriculturists of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, and New Zealand, where distillation is permitted. The Commissioners have appended to their report official communications, regulations, and statistical tables supplied by the Inspectors of Distil leries in Queensland, South Aus tralia Victoria, and New South Wales, and by the Government Sta tistician in this colony. We subjoin the — EEPOBT. To His Eiculleucy Charles DuCane, E» quiro, Governor and Cooiuiaudciin Cliief iu and over liie Island of Tas tnauiu and its Dcpji.di'ucies. May it please Your Excellency. We, the Com missioned npjioiuted to in quire into the snbjeot of Distillation, have til' honor to present our Heport. In proseciHiug ilie inquiry referred to us i-e Imvc. been guided by the term* of our CoromieEioD, in vvliicli, no ineution being made of the fiscal questions involved in tbe repeal uf fitting legislation prohibiting Distillation, we have not, considered tbese questions except in e c&eunl; manner. Nor diJ we Ueem it necessary to invite local evi dence on til - beaiiu^'of the manufacture of soiliu uiioii agricultural uroducLion. as imple .videuce was taken on that view of the question bv Parliamentary Committees irhioli liavoxut within a recent period when parallel conditions prevailed to tlioBO which ibtain at prpsent. Uaviug before us in the :ommenceinent of our labours tbe fact, that Distillation ia now permitted, under condi tions pi'Hsciibtd by latv. in New South Wales.Victoi ia, South AuBtralia.Queenslaud, aud New Zealand, tbe persuasion ba& been forced upon us that iu prohibit iou could not much longer be maintained in this Colony ; aud our inquiry has been mainly directed to ascertain the regulations under which it ib pruseoiited in the colonies referred tj and, the. advaulage, if any, which Jtbe agricultural inteivsu hive there derived from it. On both these points we refer to tbe evidence given io the appendix to this report ; iu doing so, not omitting to advert to tbe greater variety of crops which can be growo in tbe climate and soil of Tasmania as being calculated to augmeut tbe advan tages which wonld be placed within reach of our farmers were distillation allowed. At tbe same time, we disclaim all intention of exaggerating the benefit they would derive. It may be, tbal the consumption of grain and roots in the manufacture of spirits would, in tbe proportina ia which it took place, iudicate only minimum profits to the producer, but at a period like the present, when it may be Baid that cultivation on any but the very best soils, or iu the most favor able situations, threatens to be suspended, it seems to us that it is the imperative duty of the Legislature to relieve agriculture of restrictions and discouragements which must aggravate in whatever degree its de pression. We have tbe honour, therefore, to recommend that distillation be permitted from all and every product, of the colony fitted fur the purpose, under regulations to be defined by law, at a rate of duty not ex ceeding two-thirds of the amount charged oa imported fcpirit?. Feed. M. Innes, Chairman (US ) Hznby Butlkb (L S.) AiFBED KenNKELKT (L.S.) T. Y. Lowns (LS.) Chas. Meredith (L.S.) J. E. Soott (L.S.) S. P. H. Wbwht (Ii,S.) Hucu 61. Hull, Secretary. Uobart Town, 29th June, 1869. The report of the seleot committee appointed in Ootober last to enquire into the desirability of permitting Distillation in this colony, calta for more extended remark than was given to it in our last issue. The subject is one upon which it is known that the opinions of public men very materially differ. In the n'rat place it is one which strikes at the root of our revenue system; and this objection it was which actuated the Government of Sir William Deni aon in sweeping away the distillation laws that existed some years ago. When the question was raised dur ing last Session of Parliament it was well canvassed, and the various ob jections to it stated. During the sittiug of the select committee on manufactures it was also carefully considered, and a good deal of evi dence bearing upon it was taken, the result being the appointment of the Royal Commission, the report of i which is now under notice. With I that report we cannot express our- I selves very well satisfied. It is an I exceedingly meagre document, deal- I ing with none of those important I considerations which will have to I guide the deliberations of Parli*. I meat, but simply recommending, I that because 'distillation is now I permitted, under conditions pre- I scribed by law in New South Wales I Victoria, South Australia, Queena^ I land and New Zealand ' therefore it I should be permitted under similar I conditions in Tasmania, 'at a rate or I duty not exceeding two thirds of the I amount charged upon imported I spirits.' If this report is such* a I one as will satisfy the advocates of I Distillation they are welcome to it I and we think that Parliament 9 may with safety, sanction the 9 manufacture of spirits upon such 1 terras, but we fear that as a repro- || ductive industry it will never assume j very important proportions under I such conditions, nor will it parti cularly stimulate production upon the farms of the colony, The committee does not deal with ' the fiscal ques tions involved,' because this branch of the subject was not mentioned in their commission,' they omit all consideration of ' the bearing of the manufacture of spirits upon, agricultural production, ' becausft 'ample evidence was taken on that view of the question by Parliamen tary committees which have sat within a recent period,' and their ' enquiry has been mainly directed to ascertain the regulations under which distillation is prosecuted' in the colonies above named. When Hamlet in satirical confidence in forms his friends that ' there's ne'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark, I but he's an arrant knave ;' Horatio I aptly replies, 'it needs no ghost,. \ my lord, come from the grave to ;: tell us that,' aud we think that the ' Government, Parliament, and the public of Tasmania, may well exclaim, that it needs no Bop] Commission appointed under Vice Regal authority, to tell them what the regulations are under which distillation in the various Colonies is carried on. A simple letter addressed by any enquiring citizen to the Inspector of Distiller ies in any Colony would probably secure a copy of the Distillery regu lations in force, accompanied by information equally valuable to any which is to be found in the report of our Royal Commission. It may be valuable to have all the Regulations in a concise form, as they are now presented to us, but to obtain them only by putting such tremendous machinery in motion is akin to tbe employment of an elephant for the annihilation of a black beetle. It appears self evident to us that there I are other reasons than those stated, whatever they might be, for the ] barrenness of the report just sub mitted. It is a document which seems to have been hurriedly drawn and must prove eminently unsatis factory to those of our legislators who are awaiting its perusal to enable them to decide upon a very important question as affecting our agriculturists. The fiscal and agri cultural phases of the question: are precisely those upon which* information was required. We' should have liked to know what descriptions of crop could be most profitably grown in the colony for the purposes of distillation; what per centage cf spirit each particular crop might be expected to yield, the quality of tha.t spirit, and the suita bility of the refuse from the distil leries for the maintenance of cattle or the enrich ment of the soiL An other very important question would have been s^ to the localities in which. distiLleries should be per mitted, and the means by which the excise revenue should be collected.. Upon these points everything to a certain extent depend. If the farmer had, as Mr Charles Meredith once proposed, to cart all his produce from his farm to either the city of Hobart Town or the town of Laun ceston, aud to enrt back his refuse to feed cattle andl manure the soil, . he would derive very little benefit from the distillation laws, and the chief material fo r spirit manufacture' would probably I -e drawn fromMava ltius. On this im portant point notoW; word appears in the report. Th'en there is the im portant question . of encouraging tbe industry by 'offer ing a trade bonus. This is. 6U rely » matter respectin g which the Roy&l; Commission might have, favoured us with an opinion, but upon it not one word is said. All that we } lave is a recommendation ' that distil Jationbe permitted from all and er ery pro duct ot the colony fitted , for the purpose, under regufatir ,ns to be defined by law, at a tat x of duty not exceeding two-thir ds of the amount charged onimpo) ;ted spirits. Supposing a measure tr , give effect to this recommendation were to p»6S into law, is it likely th»t it would become , practically ? useful, or that colonifil *|'iri's I could ever hope to hold tlvir I own *gatost imported Hquore ? We I venture to say that they could i...t, I and that the effect ot suoh a rot- .- 1 I sure would as far the general public f areoonoerned, be disadvantageous. I A very inferior colonial spirit I would be produced, and in place of I being solo pure would most pro I bably be used onlv to adulterate the I superior productions of Great Britain I or Continental Europe. Manufac I turad chiefly from sugar or molasses [it would benefit the agricultural [ population but little, the collection of excise duties would be expensive, and, would greatly reduce the amount of revenue to be derived from it, and the general consumer would suffer by the existence of an inferipr article in the market. If the Royal Commission have no better reasons to submit for the f introduction of distillation than ! thpga given in their report, we think it would be unwise to inter fere with the law as it exists ; but we beUeve that batter reasons can be adduced, and that Distillation might be permitted in Tasmania upon terms far more liberal, with the! most substantial advantage to the Colonj. We shall probably return to this subject on an early occasion. Governments are supposed to act on the Jove-like principle of ' helping those who help themselves ' ; but of coup$e there must be exceptions to all genera! rule.s, and the Executive Government of Tasmania volun tarily offers to make a most extraor dinary exception, in favor of the so called 'Tasmanian Public Library.' At the annual meeting oi the sub scribers to that institution the Goiwval Treasurer stated that the sumof £1710 2s lOd, which has ' fallen into the hands of the Go veiflflftent would be placed at the disposal of the library trustees, con ditionally that £200 should be ex pended in the purchase of books, j£500 in furnishing a new library, and the balance to be vested in the Trustees, for the permanent endow ment ei the library,' and for some ineaplieable reason he further said 'it was most important that this matter should be pressed forward without delay.' In looking around for gome clue to the reason for this remarkable act of liberality on the part of the Executive Government, we confess our utter inability to dis cover the, slightest ground for it. On the contrary, we are forcibly re minded of numerous reasons why this particular sum of money should not be thus disposed of. In the first place Parliument votetl a large sum of money out of the General Revenue to pay certain debts left by Mr Sicfaeno as a legacy to the colony ?with bis library. The latter was then banded over to Trustees for the benefit of the people of Iiobart 'Town, and they so mismanaged the munificent gift that the library has 'been lying entombed for some four ?or five years past in the malt house ?of a benevolent ex-Mayor, who kindly offered that as a refuge for stheunappreoiated literature. Neither the sarcasms of ' Punch,' the jibes 'Of tdiitor* from the other colonies, mor 'rife exertions of those who felt ?deeply J|-pse stings resulted in any mc^fcl -#tri,to release the library from its state of degradation. Is such ft spectacle as this, furnishing such direct evidence of the absence of ail publiq spirit, eelf-relianee and ielWielp, the proper occasion ior eliciting the voluntary aid ?of afiy Government? Will such a marked misappropriation of funds ?which M.r Chapman eays --nas {fallen into the hands of the JExecutive,' not have a most demor alising- 4flfect upon the Municipalities and public institutions throughout the colony, from which the same Executive withdrpw all grantsin ?aidf ' In, misappronrlatujg this £l,31ft 2s lOd, th« Executive proc ticaHy say ' Do nothing for your selves; a.llow your affairs todrift into & etate of, bankruptcy, with, a lien on what public property may have been entrusted to you, and we will then aid you ivith the first sum ?of mpney which ' may fall into our lands,' and which we can misappro priate without the consent of Parlia ment V Again, the greater portion, if not the whole ot this £1,710 2s lOd has ' fallen into the hands of the Government,*' under the Es cheated -Property Act, the bulk of it from property confiscated to tht Crotpn in tht town of Launceslcn, yet it i» all to be swept away to reward the culpable apathy, the ?disgraceful indolence of the people of Qobart Town. We appeal to the citizens oi the Southern metro polis themselves to say whether there ib any, semblance of justice in such misappropriation of public iunds as this. Is there a man amongst them so lost to $11 feeling of self- respect as to accept a gift under such ques tionable circumstances? If so, we sho^d^ p h#ar haw he justifies either' the receivers or tittmeop**?* hum- of the £1,710 2b lOd. The '?iirary at tlio Mecbanios1 Institute, ;tunce*lnn id (iMOtically a public l!-rary. T:, bui ding, one of 1 he handsomest publi ? buildings in the nlouy. was cr ctc.i by funds raised by public subscription with but small aid from the Government. The list of subscriptions to the building fund, show that the fund was made up of numerous subscriptions of £100, £50. jfi25, £20, £10, and £5, and that list will remain a standing memorial to the public spirit, self-reliance, and the liberality of the people of Launcestoo. The benefits of the Mechanics' Institute have been en joyed by the body of annual sub scribers, on terms so low as to place them within the reach of all classes, and visitors are admitted to the rending rooms free. Formerly a small graut in aid was voted to the In stitute by Parliament ; (hat has been withdrawn for several year*, but still the Institute is self support ing and adding annually to its valu able library. When the grants in aid to the Launcestou Mechanics' Institute and Horticultural Gardens were withdrawn, the grants to the Royal Society, the Royal Society's Gardens, and Museum at Hobait Town were all continued, on the plea that these ware national institutions, and we presume the library now in ' durance vile' in Mr. Walker's malt house, must be looked upon as another national institution. What's in a name ? In this case just £1/10 2s, LOd. which has 'fallen into very bad hands,' indeed, if the holders of it place that amount at the disposal of those who have proved themselves so utterly un worthy of such liberal aid. The Committee of the Mechanics' Insti tute finding that Launceston had contributed most of the £1710 under the ' Escheated Properties Act,' applied for a portion of the amount to enable them to effect some repairs and renovation to the building, and to purchase some standard works for the use and benefit of the public ; but up to the present hour, we be lieve, the Executive Government, into whose hands the £1710 2s. lOd. has unluckily 'fallen,' have not con descended to favor the Committee with a reply, and in the interests of the people of Launceston we con sider it our duty to place the facts of this very extraordinary stretch of power on the part of the Execu tive Government before the public. We have been favored by tho Hon. James Whytu, Esq., M.L.C., with a copy of a draft ' Bill for the pre vention ot disease in 6heep, called scab,' prepared by him with the view of bringing it before Parlia ment during the ensuing session, and as this is a most important question, not only as regards the sheepowning class but the interests of the public at lar;re, we publish the draft bill in detail in another column. The immense annual loss to the oolouy arising from the un checked ravages of this disease ur gently calls for legislation, but there will be considerable diversity of opinion as to the extent of stringency required in such a measure to render it effectual. Much ignorance remains even amongst sheep owners on this point, and the im portance of the subject demands full ventilation. The bill as now fraineil would involve compulsory dipping ior eighteen months under competent and experienced inspectors, and it is supposed this alone would clear one-half, probably two-thirds of the sheep in the colony from scab. The more stringent clauses of the. act it should be noted are not to come into operation until after the temporary provisions for allowing fat sheep to go to markets-even when there is a doubt of their being clean, and it shall bo. held unlawful for sheep to travel, unless they are absolutely clean. By that time so large a num ber of sheep will have been proved clean, that the supply of mutton will not be cut off from the towns at any period, though tliis would dp the result if a stringent act was brought suddenly into operation. The difficulty of collecting all the sheep at once, on some runs, will be urged as a strong argument against the operation of the act, but if there should be extra difficulty on some rough and scrubby runs, a differ ence should be made in the mode of dealing with the sheep on them. Many intelligent proprietors of sheep runs have long been in favor of a Scab Act, with provisions to suit the circumstances of this Colony, and the draft bill now published teems eminently calculated to effect the desired object with the least possible inconvenience to the eheep owners, and every other class in the community. Xji our last issue we. referred to the publication of the financial state ment for the year 1868 in the Gazette of Tuesday, with the Colonial Auditor's report thereon, and gave, a brief digest of the, 4guree whiob the aflflounta. xewa), These profess to represent ' a full and particular statement in detail of the receipts and expenditure of the public revenue for tlio year, classified and arranged under the same divi sions, siili-divisions, ami items of sub- divisions as have been employed in framing the estimates, showing whether such expenditure is under or in excess of the amount autho rised by Parliament ; and, if in Hxceise, the authority under which suoh excess has been disbursed, &c;, &c;, &c.;' According to the 22nd clause of the Audit Act, 22nd Viet, No. G, this account and report should have made its appearance not later than the 30th June, but our readers will readily understand the difficulty presented by the complex and cum brous character of the accounts of an extensive nation like Tasmania, and need feel no surprise that twenty days' grace is considered necesaary to complete the schedules for publi cation. They manage these things better in the ' tight little island' of Great. Britain ; for, according to a paragraph which has lately gone the rounds ot the colonial Press, we perceive that the annual accounts of revenue and expenditure for 1868 were published for general informa tion witbin tbe first quarter of the present year ; but ' comparisons are odious,' and if w i remember rightly a late Government took even longer time to publish these returns than has been taken in the present instance. These remarks are not offered iu any cavilling spirit, for we must candidly confess, now that we have the accounts before us, we can make neither head nor tail of them. They arc shrouded in a profound complexity of detail winch is utterly incomprehensible, and until we have the Treasurer's financial statement we cannot profess to criticise them very minutely. In previous yeavs we contented ourselves by simply dealing with the items embraced in the cash accounts of the General and Land Revenue, and a digest of these we have already published. Under the head of Land Revenue we are glad to perceive, that there was a considerable expenditure on public works duriug the past year. On the Pattersonia and Ringarooma road, a sum of £2,479 10s 8d was laid out ; on the road to Bridport, Scott's New Country, and Ringa rooma. a sum of £1,323 16s 8d was expended, and among a number of other items of a similar kind, the following arc important : — part of direct Huon road to Leslie, Victorh, and Port Cygnet, £7,059 12a 4d ; road leading from Southport towards Port Esperance, £1,043 10s; Port Cygnet road, £1,632 6s 2d ; bridges and track between Table Cape, Circular Head, and Duck River, £1,160 le 9d ; road from the River Leven to the River Blythe, £623 10s lOd; road from Ulver stone to Dooley's and Gunns Plains, £811Os7d; and road from Eliza beth Town to Latrobe, surveyor's expenses, £163 14s; plans, 12s; total, £164 6s. This latter item, we consider, represents a total waste of public money, and an expenditure which has cost the inhabitants ot the valuable country affected very dearly indeed. Mr Dooley's survey of the new line of road was wholly uncalled for, and bad tbe £1000 voted by Parliament some time ago, been simply ex pended in placing tbe old road in a thorough state of repair, effective communication would have been es tablished and au extensive and valu able district brought into communi cation with a market, which is now completely shut out awaiting the decision of Parliament upon a matter respecting which fhere should never have been a Question. The total direct expenditure from the laud fund upon roadsduring the year amounts to £18,979 5e 3d, in addition to which £9,170 2s 8d has been contri buted as grants in aid to local boards of works. We can only say that the total represents a ridiculously small sum, and, considering the backward etate of the agricultural interest, owing to the want of transit facilities, we are extremely sorry that we cannot congratulate the Government upon having expended a far larger amount in this direction. We shall be content to see our pub lic debt very largely increased, if for the money expended a quid pro quo remains in the shape of substantial lines of road, intersecting every im ]-ortant district. With these few remarks we dismiss the annual ac counts, because, in the form in which they are presented to us, we cannot well deal with them, and we come to the auditors' report. This is divided into two sections, the first referring to a question which lately arose on this side of tbe island re specting die exemption clauses of the Customs Act : the second to a default on the part of a certain offi cial to account properly for a small sumof public money — an irregularity which we doubt not is capable of very easy explanation, and will soon be set right — although, by the way, agricultural, and general prosperity. we think the auditors' leuiavks more severe than the circumstances war rant, especially in a report intended. for publication. The first section of the report deals with a question which nrose ' respeoting . CuBtoms duties upon the importation of arti cles by the contractors of the Ln.un ceston and Western Railway, in furtherance of the construction of that work.' The auditor draws a distinc tion between railway plant, rolling stock and material, ' as opposed to. contractors, plant, rolling stock, and material,' and seems to be of apinion that the latter should pay :luty ; the contractors on the other band think that their stock should he admitted free, and under an Dpinion received from the Solicitor General, it has beeu so admitted, riie auditor in the interests of the General revenue now submits that some action should be taken by Parliament, to eornpel the railway contractors to enter into a bond, that no portion of the articles imported by them free of duty, for the pur pose of constructing the railway, md which would otherwise have been liable to duty, shall be sold, removed, or disposed of in any way, by the contractors or their agents, either during tbe progress of tbe work, or after the same shall have been completed, without the official cognizance of the customs* autho rities, nor without due permission In writing, accorded to the contrac tors or their agent, under the hand of the Collector of customs of the port of Launceston. To this proposal there cannot be any very great objection although it will be necessary for the Legislature to deal very cau tiously with the general question. There are various considerations involved deserving of serious atten tion. In the first place it should be decided, if possible, whether our Customs Act is so ambiguous in its terms as to lead contractors to believe that their plant will be ad mitted free of duty, because, if it is so, their calculations in taking a con tract may be materially affected by that belief, and a Legislative decision against them would probably only have the effect of making the colony in future pay much more dearly for its railway works. If contractors are given to understand that they have to pay duty upon all material and plant imported, they will simply have to add the estimated amount of such duty to the amount of their tenders, which will be further swollen by an item for interest upon the monies so paid for the period during which the works are in course of construction. We canuot see how the colonial revenue could benefit by the exaction of Customs duties upon contractors' plant. Whatever sum is so paid will have to be re funded, with interest, by the colonists. We deal with this question irrespec tive of any consideration of the par ticular case under which it has arisen ; that will no doubt be dealt with upon its merits. We may state our belief, however, that so long as the Legislature deals justly, they cannot act too liberally in such a case. It is one which requires care ful investigation, and if it can be shown that the contractors have had a privilege accorded to them which the law never contemplated, and which they had no right to expect at the time of making the contract, they should unquestionably be called upon to pay duty, We have little space left for dealing with the com parative statement of revenue and expenditure for the half-year, which also appears in the last issue of the Gazette, but we feel bound to offer a few remarks upon the encouraging condition of the Customs revenue, supplementary to those made by us about a fortnight ago. When the last half-yearly comparative state ment was published, we noticed the great increase which appeared to the credit of this side of the island, and we are glad to record — several severe commercial disasters notwithstanding — that this increase has been well maintained during tbe first half of the present year. The total increase in the Customs revenue for the period is set down at £7,364 4s 2d., of which £4,772 11s 5d belongs to Lau.nceston, £599 lls lid being an increase on the duties on spirits, and £4,172 19s 6d the increased revenue derived from Other goods. Con sidering that tbe English arrivals at Hobart Town during the half-year have been unusually numerous, and the cargoes very heavy, that either one or two sugar cargoes have been received there, and that a very exten sive Melbourne trade has been done without interruption, while our transactions with Victorian mer chants have been checked bv the recent heavy failures, we must regard this continued increase in our customs revenue as attributable mainly eo the progress of tbe rail way works ; and as very conclusive proof that railway progress is chiefly necessary to secure the advancement of Tasmania, and tbe development of her oommercul, We published, iu our last, issue, the draft of Me Whyte's. bill fo* the. eradication of scab from the sheep flocks of Tasmania. But the bill can. convey up idea of tbe cause ot its introduction,, namely,, the enor mous annual loss entailedon the flock owners by the toleration of this des tructive disease, from loss in wool, depreciation in the class of wool grown, decrease in number and weight of slieep for slaughter, oosfcof ineffectual remedies for tbe cure of scab, and additional labour required for the management of infected sheep. According to Mr1 Whyte's estimate these items amount to up wards of £112,000 a year. This may be considered, by thoae who have never turned their attention to the subject, an extravagant estimate, yet Mr Whyte intentionally made it under the actual loss, and he is. sup ported in that view by many of the most experienced sheepowners and one gentlemau who has gone fully into the calculations states that Mr Whyte's esti mate ia between .£20,000 and £30,000 under the mark. Nevertheless we may be fully pre pared for strenuous resistance to the operation of any stringent measure brought forward with the- intention of thoroughly eradicating scab from Tasmanian sheep. A vast amount of ignorance prevails on the subject amongst the parties so deeply in terested in cleansing the flocks,— tbe sheepowners themselves; and they, will magnify difficulties in the way, which really in a great measure exist ouly in their own imagina tions. In order to throw further light on this question we republish a letter which appeared in this journal a few months ago, from the framer of the bill, the boo. James Whyte, and to the lucid arguments contained in it we would beg to direct the special attention oi those interested in this very impor tant question. 