RAPSODIES BY DMvOONLIGHT: BY A OLnD OWL. Your Owl on the Stump. I have recently been enjoying the dolcj far dienon, and you and others appeared to have taken dudgeon thereat. Now, do be reason able, my dear Ensign. Everybody has his hour of relaxation. Why should not I have mine. LaZ rol s'amute--even the king tales a spreeo. And is it not on record-aye, chro nicled by Toady .Boswell-that. the sublime Samuel, the incomparable Johnson, once at least went' on the "racket?" You will 'flnodthe fact related at p. 190, octavo editioni of Boswell, that Beauclerk and Langton, returning drunk from the tavern, knocked up the doctor and hosought him to' join them 'in a ramble. " What, is it , ou, you dogs)" cried the lexicographer, "I'll have a frisk with you." And daccordingly he abandoned his couch and went forth at a most unholy hour to drunkenness and depravity. You ire at a loss to understand the 'object of this apologetic preface. Well, I will be explicit. I have been on the'spree, and as I know soclety to be censorious, I. deem 'it wise to let the world know that I have not'einned without precept 'and'iiixmploe.i The offences which society overlooked ir. the' ininidtil' compiler of the dictionary will surely be pardoned in a poor old owl; and when I ::~frther explain that it was under' medical advice and through electioneering excitement lihat I gave way and yielded to inebrity, I am satisfied that you will forgive me oven with tout a caution. For several weeks previous to the all.im portant 12th August I-had been.confined through indisposition to my solitary abode in More-Pork Gully. "My neighbour, Dr. Stork, a medical Narcissus, and staunch fol lower of Sangarado, waited on me at the eom imencetnnt 'of my illness, and 'with on eye to 'business advised blood-letting and other :remedies, the while attempting to alarm me 'with apprehensions of inflammation, bronchi tis,&o.; But I am, as we say in the vernacular, ' ,,ne too marny" foor air Stork, 'thoin I know 'to he no mre 'than "A grave physiciann ; eatlherin fees, 'Punctually paiid for lengthening out disease " 'T declined his-prescriptions tind sought the advice of at, amiable thouglh qarrulous old 'meg, iWho occupies 'a stump hard by ny' withered 'gumtn Her advice was tallow for 'the proboscis, a warm bath for.'the extremi 'ties, a handkerchief round the head, and a d?raight to 'be taken hourly,'tle recipe for: which I willingly give, without fee, for the 't-enefit of 'suffering humanity, "in the hope' 'that the disciples of 'Galen=-I don't mean 'the ftllowvors of the RIyv dir Ganlen-may be'induced to act more liberally- 'lower'their 'feesotoklthlspirit 'of'their mission, and follow 'tlie grathdprinciple:laid down in antiquity by '-the fathers of th,'ir croft " Divittun c't 'opus dolcrtn adaro." Here is the recity-,:--l: ?qua ferrtentis, gaint. stff. Alcohrol, quanlt. A'f. Sacclar., quanl. suff. I may state that this medicine as the least repulsive that I havy ever taketn, and that its remedial effects were marvellots and almost instantaneous. I can'therefore un. 'hesitatinly recommend it. I do not under a.stond-th'o dialectoft' Latin in ise in Osaleria medlica, so thereforer cannot positively aver, though I am inclined to'believe, that this draught is identicl with the far-famed eli.ir 'vitm recommended in the old ballad, "Punch 'cures the gout, the ,Fec, anl the pthisic, And is for all men the very beat of physic." )erhnlas one ofyour medical correspondents would kindly s.,t mo right on this point. Tlianks to tIlis potent draught, repeated over. and over agait at intervals varying fr ,m five' minutes to three seconds and a half, I found myself convalescent and abroad in time to: take part in the election. It was a matter of deep regret to me, "towever, that I was unable to join in the six ?hours' talking-would it be vulgar to say drinking?-over Mr Piper's piece of plate, the 'more so as an orator whom I greatly admire, and whose rhetoric partakes of the prophetic, 'gave one of his inspired deliverances on the 'occasion. Need I assure you that I'am at home at an election ? I am an Irish owl--need I say ;any more? To me an election is only to be tequalled by it wedding (modo Hiber.), and such a wedding can alone be eclipsed by a wake. But after all, what is there in a colonial election ? It is but the ghost of a nomina tion. Oh ! where are the hilarious hustings, crammed with good men and true, and the. happy crowd beneath bartoring banter antl .exohanging " knoek-downers" with edifying .good nature and admirable bon-hommne. And the lusty faction cries and the grand retorts, ,crowned with the glorious "rookatoa.'! And then the "nootes Ambrosianom"-baked meats And grog galore-in the committee rooms. Thqugh a aatepayer in the Benalla Road Board District, I was not honoured by a visit from the collector on or before the 20th June, so tny rates were not paid in due time,. and hence I was disfranchised.. I had met.with. an accident which confined ine' to my, bed until after. the day of grace "had' elapsed, hence I was not able to avail 'myself of Mlahomet's alternative of going to the moun tain when the mountain would not come to me. All that l conld do, therefore, was look on and get drunk. My sympathies were all ,with the good Samaritan, as I believe. he went in " slick" for the farmers' cause, was to 'be depended upon, and was free and indepon dent even to the extent of not being above knoeking down an impertinent intormeddler. "Wtl these qualifications to recommend him to publicfavour, Ioonsidered that he would be one of the elected. But he had a stronger elaim on my good offices than that-long no 'quaintanco and good fellowship. : Were there a hundred such as I inscribed o05 the rolls, all that Tom need to have done wouldhlave been to send to each of us a copy of Jack Fnalataff's love letter to Mrs Page, to secure his return can amorO at the head of the poll. M-y "man," however, did not canvass tho 'asweet voice and interest" of the electors, as ho should have done. He forgot that a free and independent elector is like 4 woapan "'That would be woo'd, and not unsougPht be And during that wooing, like thie fairy in the tale1 you must speak pearlsa. ?utl am inuch afraid that had he talked even as much twaddle'as Menennius Agrippa on the Mons Sacer, the day would have gone; against him. The electors of.Benalla are., to say the least, r in my. opinion, eccentric;e;oven. as eccentric as the .insane gentleman in ,Dickens's novel whoishowered carrots, turnips,:nnd. abbages a at the devoted head of Mlra Nickleby as a tribute of love. It is withirimy imagination sthat it is the private opinion of each indivi -dual elector that he 'himself is alone fitted to disoharge the duties of road board member, hence he regards all other ealndidates as mere I humbues. He looks bo.tlieir candidature as a. practioal joke, antd in tendering his vote he considers he is playing a role in a' screaming farce. .. .. These. electore have of, iato bean inflicted with a nocturnal incubus, a monster night mare in the semblance of George 'Sharpe. Some saw in' him another Catalino 'soeking to sacrifice the liberty of the'commoowealth; others feared him as the over- be'arlig haughty Coriolanus, whose obvcroening pride might one day drive him to seek the ,leader of the Volscian host at' Mounit .Battery. The supromaoy of 'Mr Brown's future metropolis of the' United' Australina was not tio bo im perilledl. :.It'mustibe' preservod'iii:its ,ris tinepririemiioncnm' It rniimt:'triirplip , though Sharpe should pirish. Nlo l.it should-never be left to history to tell how in the. evening. of his life it was the-wont of George Sharpe each day as the sun was declining to' inount even to his big chimney's top,'and.there, while smolting his short, dhtuden nnd drinking from'no ancient square-head, like another Mariius midst the ruins of another, Carthage, bewail the de struction which he himself had' rought. I am nervous, and opposead to revolution. I therefore, though I regret the fall of Redding, congratulate the lheroic men who have, saved Benalla. As to my opinion, however, of the plebiscite, I will bluntly say SToo bad for s blessing, to- good for a curse, I wish from my heart It was better or worse." Icannot give nmy confidene to the new man. His name is of ill-omen. Hector of old was tuo boldest chanmpi n of Ilion:; yet notvwith. stranding all his bullying it is written l'oja fait. Talking of.Troy, and war, and elections is like talking of flour and falling into the paste- pot. \Ve are to have an iron-clad, I am told, to guard onr'metropolis from foreign foes, and it is to be called the Cerberus. Was name over more appropriately bestowed ? " Squattel's l eaven, now chum's h -; Land of beggars, fare thea well." Thus did a "lifer" whio had effected his es cape apostrophise Australia Felix years ago. There are stall many of the same opinion as the old hand. Your Owl regards it as a place of temporal punishment for sin; and ue the infernal regions of old were guarded by Ccrberus, I am of opinion that to prevent ingtess or egress to these expiatory shores none is so fitto I to keep watch and ward at the fenas as a rnamesake of'the terrible two heeded dog df Pluto. 