LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WBDNBSDAT. 'THE Si'EAKER took tho ohair at twenty-nino minutos past 3 o'clock. LAW REFORM. Mr. J. STEWART asked the Colonial Secretary, "Whethor Government intends to introduoo any bill to reform tho administration of law and oquity P " ? Mr. ROBERT80N said tho Government had no inton tioB of doing so, at any rate this session. EXPENSES OF DR. BADHAM. Mr. J. STEWART asked tho Colonial Secrotary,-.' 1. "Whethor Dr. Badham, Professor of Classics and Logic in tho Sydney University, has rocoived, or been promised, a sum of money to pay bia travelling oxpensea P 2. If so, what sum P 3. What public business was transacted, or what offioial duty was discharged, by Dr. Badham, in tho course of his travels ? " Mr. ROBERTSON said ho was not prepared with an answer at present, Dr. Badham being away from town ; but as soon as a full answer could bo obtained, ho should be . glad to give it SUPPLY OF RAILWAY SLEEPERS. Mr. FARNELL asked tho Secretary for Public Works, -" Whether bo instructed tho railway ofHoials to accept at a certain prico all sleepers of a suitablo'description that any person might offer to deliver to tho Railway Works at Picton, or elsewhere, on the Southorn Lino ?" Mr. SUTHERLAND, in reply, said tenders for tho supply of sleepors woro called for in tho usual way by advertisement, and it was ordorod that they bo purchased from those who could supply thom moat oxpeditiously and at a reasonable price. CLAIM OF MR. GEORGE WILLIAMS. Mr. E. BROWN asked tho Socrotary for Public Works, -" What course do tho Govommont intend to toko with Toferenco to the claim of Mr. George Williams, of South Gundagai, for £108 10s., for constructing a river beat, for whioh proper vouchers wera furnished to tho Works Dé- partaient and approved by tho lato Minister, but for which payment has hitherto been denied to Mr. Williams, owing to tho loss of the papers by Government offioials ? "' Mr, SUTHERLAND, in reply, said vouohors for tbo amount in question had beon forwarded to tho Treasurer for payment. NEWCA8TLE STEAM CRANES. Mr. 'J. STEWART asked tho Secretary for Public Works,-" 1. For how many tons of ooal, shipped by tbo ; Nowcaatlo steam cranes, has Gorornmont paid since tho -cranes were lost leased P 2. For how many tons has Go Temment received payment during tho samo period? 3\. HOB any complaint been lodged as to tho management of the cranes ? 4. Does any ono, on bohalf of tho Govern- ment, overs*« or inspect tho cranos ?" Mr. SUTHERLAND, in reply, said,-1,640,000 tons ; ?2. 648,276 tons. 3. Complaints had boen received respect- ing the mismanagement of tho cranes-ono in September, 1868, tho other in April last, but these had refercnoo to exceptional catos, and it was f«uni that tho circumstances did not justify them. 4. Yes. CLAIM BY MR. W. L. G. DREW. Mr. LYONS asked tho Colonial Seoretary,-"Whothor ho has any objection to lay on tho table of this House the oor- j respondent» which has taken place between Mr. W. L. G. Drew and tho Government, rospooting a claim mado by i that gentleman to compensation for losses arising out of tho non-fulfilment of a salo by auction to him or a quan- tity of timber P " Mr. ROBERTSON said perhaps tho better way would be to move for theso papers, although he was quito willing to lay them on the table. RAILWAY CONTRACT. Mr. HOSKINS OBked tho Secrotary for Public Works, i -" 1. What is the estimated gross amount of publio money involved in tho contract for the formation and construction of tho Great Northern Railway from MuBolobrook to Scono at tbo contractor's schedule of prices P 2. What amount of public money has been paid to tho said contractor, on tbo certificato of tho District Engineor, for works exeoutod by such contractor in connection with the said contraot, up to tho 31st August. 1869 ?" - Mr. SUTHERLAND, in reply, said-1, £88,773 5s. Sd. 2\. £2C,225 12s. 4d. INTRODUCTION OF MEASURES. Mr. FARNELL asked tho Colonial Secretary,-" Is it (ho intention of the Government to initiate or originate in the Legislative Council any of tho twonty-ono moasurcs enumerated in the Governor's Speech upon tho oponing of the Parliament ?" Mr. ROBERTSON, in reply, said it was tho intention of tho Government to do so. STATISTICAL REGISTER. Mr. J. STEWART asked tho Colonial Secretary, «' When tbo Statistical Rogister for 1868 will bo laid upon tho table?" Mr. ROBERTSON, in reply, said, ho thought ho should be able to inform tho bon. member lu-nionow. I PAPERS, RETURNS, &c.; I Mr. FORSTER laid upon tho tablo an abstract of Crown lands reserved from Bale, and survey for water supply, and an abstract of Crown lands rosorvod for sites of cities, towns, and villages. Mr. ROBERTSON laid on the tablo a return, showing tho number of electors for members of tho Legislativo Assembly; a despatch from tho Secrotary of Slato for th» Colonies, in reference to tho Imperial troops ; and a return under (ho District Courts Act. Mr. SUTHERLAND laid upon the tablo a roturn in roferenco to the coi struotion of railway carriages, and ro ports relating thereto. ESTIMATES OF EXPENDITURE. Mr. SPEAKER announced that ho had rcceivod from his Excellency tho Governor a mossago, transmitting esti- mates of expenditure for 1S70, and Supplementary Estimates for 1869 and previous years. On tho motion of Mr. SAMUEL, it was ordered that the message and Estimates bo printed, and tho hon. mem- ber stated that ho hoped to make his financial statement to-morrow week. PETITION. Mr. E. BROWN presented a potition from 110 minors, merohants, and others at Adelong agiinst the piesoat pystem of leasing ground on gold-fields. Petition received. CESSNOCK ROAD AND MR. ECKFORD. Mr. FORSTER wished to correct a misstatoment ha had mado with regard to o subject of much comment ; he alluded to tho appointment of trustees for tho Cossnock Road. He discovered that ho bad beon incorrect in'stating that the appointment was on tho recommenda- tion of Mr. Eckford, That lion, member mado n recommendation to various trusts in his electorate and in referenco to this he (Mr. Forstor) mado a gene^p! older, which, however, did not contemplate the appoint- ment of frustecs^to tho Cessnock Road. But by tho error of a clerk in the office, who overlooked tho fact that this road was not in Mr. Kckfnrd's electorate, carried out that arder as including that road. This was corroborated by tho leport of tho clerk, on wlios« lehalf ho might say that ho was distinguished for industry, and wa? not ia tho habit of making theso mistakep. Tbo Jeder of tim Mimatct f i T nrds to tho olerk, and tho clcii'anpMl on thi> niatier, um load hi the olork of tho Hi UM, ind ii was cn!, «x1 that t ho dooumonts bo printed Ç Mr LIKTORD then moved tho a<lj mnimiiit of tho House, ni d trusted that bon nwmbcis on b )ih suloa wou' I mi o linn a |. atn.nl and quiet hi armg, as ho roao to dofon 1 hijcisilf nf.au/Hi ino of iho giossot attacks ma 11 upin a public mun in a Kiiiii.li couutiy-an attaok m ido tipo» him b\ tho bon member for Singleton with a most indooont basto Ibübin number gavo uolioi on luoiday last tint ho ?would uio\o fur tho production of thopipora oontaming tho clat{,c«prifeircci against him bj tho wnrdojof the Muitlund Dibii ici Ci mjcil Wh it followed then ? Almosl in tbo tamo bnaih that hon gontlomiin gavo notico (f motion f( r ati hot committee, and laid against him tbo most gross, unfiunded, and groundless obargos over Hld ogaiuBt nu} man wubin tho willa of tho world Tho hon member bud stated thero wasan action ponding agunst bim for di fimiution of charaeUr If it was tho wish, or if tint bon (.enlli-iimn had pot any thought that ho (Mr Eckford) I y an} thing that might fall from his lips was going to assiBt in bolstering up a sot of ungrounded ohirgos m another placo, ho was very niuoh miatakou Ho Bhould quoto ft «ni tho newspapers-ho had no other opportunity, but JUBI to take thu t xtroots of tho obargos mado against him by this hon member. Ho should not go into tho wholo of tho hon member's speoob, because he thought that would bo only a waste of timo, but hosuould jiiBt tako up such parts as ho thought appertained to tho oaso Now tho charges laid ngamal lum wera theee ïhoy wcro seoond hand Iho hon meinbor fer Single- ton said tho warden told lum so-and-so Why did not tho hon membor produoo and lay upon tho tnblo somotbing in writing from tba wardoo t I hen tbo bon member sud that tho Minister for Landa and tbo Government had boen shielding him If tho Govern- ment had been shielding him nil ho could sav was, BIVO him from his friends. Ho thought ho could show that too Minister ter Lands had dono him n great injustice in not diBpesing of thiB oaso boforo Ho had applied in August last-ni, be thought it WAB in July-requ sting tho Minis- ter for Lands to dispose of tho case (Mr rORblER Hear, hoar ) Thercf oro ho did not roquiro to bo shiuldod by tho Minister for Lamia or auymo olso Ho had dono nothing to bo afraid of, and ho thought ho should bo ablo to show BO Then tho Minister for LanrtB had stated, or waa re ported te havo stated, though ho had hoard it oontradictod, that bis (Mr Eckford's) explanation waa not aat'sfaotory, loading eomo gentlemen to Biippoao that roally thore was something behind the ourlain-that ho had aomo gravo doubts about his (Mr Eckford s) truthfulness m tho mat tor Iho papers said so and ho hnd boon told that those wero tho expressions which foil from tho Minister for Lands His intimacy and friendship with that hon gontlo man had been of a very short dnration It was only a short time sinco tho bon monibor and himsolf booamo ac- quainted-sinco the hon member had joined tho prosont Ministry-ind if it waa tho caso that tho bon mombor had cxfresBod himself in that way, whatever porsonal friendship ho had for tho hon mombor ceased at onco But ho did say tha^if that hon member, or any othor tnoniber of tho Government, turned round and did what ho bolieved to bo an injustice to him, so long as their political acts woro in accordance what tho past had been, ho would certamly voto with thom. At tho same time, ho could not have any personal respect for thom Ho esteemed Mr Samuel as a fnond Mr Simuolwastho only membor of tho Government that defondod him in his absence, and that gentleman had dofondod lum as far as his knowlcdgo permitted him to do so The next lion membor ho Bhould allude to was Mr Loo, tho hon mombor for West Maitland Ho regrettod that gontleman was not here AB bo was not hero, ho Bhould sa} littlo about him , but ho would adviso him-ho gave htm a email pieoa of advico-boforo ho tried to Bpatter dirt upon anybody olso, let him BOO his own hands and face woro oloan Ho stood in deflanco of tho hon. mombor for West Maitland, or anybody olso Thero might havo boon somothmg said against him thirty-four or thirty-five yours ago, but ho was quito ready that his history for the last thirty-fivo years should bo placed in juxtaposition with that of tho non member Certain gontlemon had had a good deal to say about him in tho most unmanly cowardly way, spoakmg of his private position-gentlemen who had roally visited his house as personal friendB, who had wined and dined with him, and bad eaton and drank and slept at his homo Ho hoped ho should not fall, or bo irritated by anyone into 68} ing anything unmanly Ho should be ono of tho last to say on} thing unmanly or enlor into personalities against anyene Ho stood thero as ono of tho publio, and hohopod to be truitod as one to-day if ho was not tho othor day. But tho bon member for Singloten was not satisfied I ho bon member for Singleton made a sooond attempt He was told that tho ecoond attempt waa to get a case against the Government Looking at a man como to nis (Mr Eok ford's) timo of lifo, 60 or 70 years of ago, was it f au-that ho should bo attacked in this cowardly-ho waa going to say blackguardly, but ho would not-this cowardly, unmanly way Ho thanked Mr Burns for moving this adjournment, which afforded him tbo opportunity of putting tho position of bia Bccusora and his own in thoir propor light boforo the country Tho bon mombor got up again and said that tho Wardon of tho Maitland Dis- trict Council told bim ho was in a position toprovo this Who W8B tho.Warden f Ho was a nomineo of tho late Colonial Secretary [Mr ROBER1SON Hoar, hoar ] W hat was he p Ho was a straightforward man enough, and the only good thing about him was his cheek His check was good for any amount That was what tho Mait- land peoplo said about bim Although tho hon mombor thought ho was injuring him (Mr Lckfotd) ho oould toll tho bon member ho was mist iken The S) mpathy of the people had been exoitedin his behalf against what was un- founded and villainous against him ne did trust tho Press would, at all o\enf8, gue him fair play in rebutting these charges laid at his door , would givo him tho simo amount of fair play mpublishing what ho s iid as thov didin emblazoning his character from ono end of tho world to tho oller J he bon member for Smgloton not boing satisfied with giving him two prods, commenced again, and gavo him a third Tho hon member stated,-' Iho charges against Mr Eckford wore that certain mjnoy a amounting to about £219, granted by tho Governmont for the Cess- nock Road, noar Maitland, wore entrusted to Mr Eokford to bo expended under his superintendence , that ho pro- duced certain vouchers purporting to relate to tho expendi- ture of tho monoy, which vouohers tho Warden asserted purported to como from men who did not exiat, and to bo for work not dono " That was a matter whioh bad boon cicarod up by tho hen Secretary for Land«, and thero wasno necessity to mako any allegations with regard to his appointment Tho bon member for Singleton might romembor when ha wa» a member of tho Maitland District Council, a similar mistake took place. Ho recollected woll tbo bon member now at tho head of the Government waa Minister for Lands, and tho money waa forwarded by mistake to tho Wollombi Committee, some five or six ycara ago Ono of tho members said to him '. 1 hey aro Bonding us the money for the Maitland end of the road , what aro we to do ? ' He had said " Oh if you spend it within tho polico district, and got n return for it thero is no harm done He mentioned this to show that this mistake had hsppenod twioo-onoo under tho management of tho bon member for tho Hunter, and onco in his own case Tbo Ministor for Lands had oleared that up It was said the Governmont had virtually rofusod to causo any inquiry to bo made into tho monagoment of this money which was said to bo ombozzlod If the Govern- ment had not dono so, their neglect had not been his fault Ho had always oxpresstd n strong desiro to havo this matter cleared up Ho caurtoi tho strictest inquiry and investigation into his conduot and that of every ono elso connected with him m this matter Iho bon membor for tho Hawkesbury (Mr. Piddington) had eaid httlo except that del ty was unnecessary All ho could say wao that ho thought it was un-English for a man's character to bo emblazoned forth to tbo world with- out giving him aomo opportunity of throwing some light -upon-the-subject-The hon member for Singloton had another slap at him, and modo a third attack Ono would almoBt think tho hon member was tho Warden's most par- ticular friend, or that thero was something going on be- tween tho Warden and the District Council Why mako this third ottnek upon him P Ho thought no man possessing Christian feeling would over have attomptod to embbuon his character beforo tho world in this way Iho hon member had enid the Warden bad onterod an action iignnBt him (Mr. Eckford) and aHkcd whv ho had not enterod an notion against the Wnrdon to clear his character P In reply he said this much That as suro as ho stood thero if ho lived the Warden would hear from him Ho Bud this much that this attack had boen mado in tina Hsuao, tho Warden fcnowing ho bad mado a churgo which could not be proved Ho could provo that the statements -ed a^cgatKE" put f rward against bim wero utterly f Uso and groundless-. Ho thought that there woult bo a suf- ficient number of gentlemen boforo ho closed his remarks this evening that would como to tho conclusion that tho rorly which be sent to (he Minister for Lauds was, and ought to have been perfectly satisfactory in this matter A mistake as ho should presently show by documentary proofs, had been made about the timo Tbo bon mombor for the Lower Hunter ho thought said November. That was a mistake it was December V\ eil, what happened in tho month of December 'Hie gentleman at tho head of tho present Government called his Parliament together, if his memory ten ed him right about tho 9th of December W eil, Ibis Warden una in S}dnoy, and ho left Maitland, aB ho (Mr Eckford) understood, on thursday morn- ing On Friday a telegraph moFBsgo was 6ont to tho Secretary of the Maitland District Council to call a special meeting of the Council on Wedno-daj next That B) rciol meeting being called was cntirel} against law, na thi charter find thit ten da>a notice of any special meeting should be (,iven m the Ga/ctle together with a (slaloment of the business Ihis Wednesday wis tho day that the f,reat \olo of want of confidence was t» bo moved in the H use by tho bon momber for Kiama When ho saw tho advertisement in tho piper ho wis Eerfoetl} nsfompl ed, end he said was this dono to prevent im frcm attending in his placo in P irliamcnt i In the afternoon ho got a letter telling bim what the business wa Knowing Hint tbo Wurden was a fricnlof the lion member for Kiama what conclusion could ho or any other mnn enme to, but that this was a concocted thing, knowing that this vote of want of confidence was coming on, to keep him aw»v ? On coojingto S}dneyon Monda), ho met agon tlarin rotuli mg frcm the piraio, who said that thoy fold bim that ho (Mr Fckford) would not bo hero , and that confirmed lum in his luiprrssion Ho had nothing lui Î cj J t 7 - h regard to tho bon member for Kiama nndbisfrcfch Illa speech was a mild one His spooch WOB mockery Thero was one thing that ho was ploiscd to bear, or rather to re ad m tho bon member s speech,-that bestntid beio that bo was consulted, and that these d lou ments lad been shown lum in this Chambir bvtboWir drn l\ow ho asked what ii^ht had tbo Waldon of this Maitland Connu! to bung documents boro to dogrado him m tbo oyoa ol gentltmen with whom ho had boon iiesoeuitod. If (ho Government had dono lliolr d ity | (hoy would havi dismissed this Wardoo Ho un I told tbo samo night that Ibu prooious honest htmght foruiird Warden had oomo to tho Houio atid nxhibitol tun upurl lo tlioh.n. iinubir f»r Kiauii, and ho w is pnmil (hat (bul tcnlli man had admitted it in his speech, hor 11 ut »otk Now, it was painful for him to «poik ofauymiu behind his back As Ibu htn member, Mr 1 irnoll stated Mr Seboloy could not bo hiro Woll, if hn could not bo hero himself, Iluto WHS no doubt that Mr Schuh y had got plenty of friends hero to tako his pirt. On the 13th August, 1867, tho Secretary to the Maitland Road Trust, Mr Samuel Wallace, died. He was succeeded on the, 20th August by his brother James Wallace. At the same time Mr Samuel Wallace died, in the accounts of the Maitland Road Trust there was nothing but the butts of the check books for the amounts of £180 19s 4d. He said unhesitatingly that every shilling of that money was honestly paid away. He was not going to try and make any one believe that Mr. Scholey had done anything in that matter, other than that at the death of Samuel Wal- lace the deficiency was made up by the Warden, who was his surety, and James Wallace, to the extent of £180 19s 4d , - James Wallace witnessing those payments as secre- tary to the Maitland Road Trust, whereas he was not appointed secretary until the 20th of August. He looked upon those accounts as falsified. He made an attempt the first opportunity he had to face this honest, straightforward Warden at the meeting of the Maitland District Council. He moved, or tried to move, a series of resolutions asking for a copy of the accounts for the last half-year He got an answer that there was no record to be found for the amounts. He applied to the Colonial Treasurer for a copy of the abstract of expenditure of the moneys upon the different roads in the Maitland district. He got copies of the ab- stract, and after he took them home and perused them he thought that there must be some very great mistakes. From Four Mile Creek to Morpeth, under the management of the Warden, a sum of £37 1s 6d had to be made up by additional abstracts, the payments being witnessed by James Wallace, that ought to have been certified to by Samuel Wallace. (Of course, the Warden was not so green, but that he knew that he (Mr. Eckford) knew all this, although he had asked for the information officially, as he thought that that was the proper course to adopt. The next was the road from Oak Vale to Broken Back Gap In the abstract from the Treasury there was one item of 2s 10d. He thought that there must be some mistake He copied the abstracts and sent them back to the Treasury. He found that in the bank ledger it was entered as £1 5s 6d. There was another item of £27 5s 3d. upon the abstract of expenditure, and it was entered in the bank as £30 13s. In this memoran- dum which he got back from the Treasury, the cheques had been countersigned by James Wallace. There was another cheque, No 101,141. It purported to have been paid away to one John Farry for 30s each, and the cheque itself was for £3, payable to John Scotting. Another item in the abstract of expenditure was £4 to John Tarry, and £1 10s. was in the cash book. There was no doubt that the Warden knew that he was aware of all this matter, and there was no doubt that the Warden would like - if possible - to snuff him out, but he thought that he knew too much for him. In the Warden's own road, Maitland to Newcastle, there were no less than ten payments made, and James Wallace was the party who witnessed those payments. In consequence of what had taken place, he felt that he had a right to show the Govern- ment that a most unjustifiable attack had been made upon himself. He felt it his duty to make the following statement to the Government - West Maitland, 20th May, 1869. Sir, - I have the honour to forward herewith a statement of charges against the Warden of the Maitland District Council, which I think will show clearly the reasons that induced him to make the unjust attack upon me he did in December last, whilst I was in Sydney, knowing, as he did, that I was aware of the accounts being all in a state of disorder, and that he had, with James Wallace, made them up with a view, no doubt, of saving himself from being called upon to make up the deficient amounts, and also of bond entered into by him for the faithful discharge of the duties of the deceased secretary, Samuel Wallace. I may also mention that, shortly after the accounts were made up, Mr James Wallace got in as station-master on the railway line at Stony Creek, having obtained it as the Warden (Scholey) told me, by his influence with the late Minister for Works. With reference to the Abstracts of Accounts, you have nothing to do but send to Mr Lane, at the Treasury, who will furnish you with the origínals of what I now send extracts. It has been reported that the Warden intends resigning, if such is the case, I trust his resignation will not be accepted until these matters are properly cleared up. I have, &c.; (Signed) JOSEPH ECKFORD. The Honorable the Secretary for Lands. Was that wishing the Government to shield him from any- thing, when he asked the Government to accept no resig- nation, in addition to his repeated applications to the Government to get this matter disposed of as it ought to be? If the hon. member for Singleton had had his way in carrying this matter with such indecent haste as he attempted, he would probably have been precluded from taking the course that he now took. But he was certainly thankful to tho hon. member for the Hunter for moving the adjournment of the House, for he (Mr Eckford) had been nine years in tho House, and he never heard of such haste being taken with regard to any case. The document goes on to say - 1st. That Stephen Scholey, warden, after the death of Samuel Wallace, council clerk, on 13th August, 1867, did, according to his own admission, make up accounts which were then in arrear, and which he stated were so. It will be remembered that the Warden was the bondsman of Samuel Wallace for the faithful discharge of his duties. 2nd. That it will be seen on reference to the abstracts of ex- penditure for 1867 on the roads from East Maitland to Oakvale to Brokenback Gap, from East Maitland to Raymond Terrace, from Morpeth to Four Mile Creek, and from East Maitland to Paterson via Dunmore Bridge - out of 71 payments made in f avour of the different parties, only 6 payments have been witnessed by Samuel Wallace, whilst on the other hand I had on inquiry at the Treasury the whole of the cheques have been countersigned by the deceased Samuel Wallace with the ex- ception of 19 which were countersigned by James Wallace, who succeeded his brother Samuel on the 20th August, some seven days after his death, as will be seen by the statement of accounts sent herewith, and which can be verified by applying to the Treasury for the original abstracts, and to the bank for copies of cheques. Here were abstracts signed one fortnight by the parties' own names, and the next fortnight they were signed by their marks only. And that had occurred in three or four instances. 3rd. With regard to the signatures of some of the men, more especially John Scotting and William Masters, you will find that : in several instances they appear as marksmen, yet at the same time in some cases they appear as having written their names. It Is also desirable to draw your attention to the difference of the dates of payments as shown by the abstracts being in every instance prior to the dates of the cheques, which will be also found on inquiry at the Treasury, and as shown by the accom- panying statement of accounts. He sent the document back to the Treasury, and he found that the mistake originated in the Treasury in the first instance :- 4th. That it is also desirable to draw your attention to an item of 2s. 10d appearing in the abstract of expenditure on the road from Oakvale to Brokenback, whilst at the same time I have in- formation from the Treasury that it appears in ledger as £1 5s 6d. 5th. The next matter being two payments, which will be found in the abstract of expenditure on the road from Maitland to Raymond Terrace in brackets for £3 cheque, No. 101,141, in pay- ments of £1 16s each, it will be found, on inquiry at the Trea- sury, the cheque thus numbered is made payable to Scotting, and not Farry, as the abstract would make it appear. 6th. That it will also be found, on inquiry at the Treasury, that a payment of £4 appears on the abstracts of 1861 for the roads leading from East Maitland to Paterson, via Dunmore Bridge, to have been made to John Ford by a choque, No A 8591, and which is entered in the cash book as £1 10s as given me from the Treasury, £4 not in it. I have stated before, the dates of the cheques are all subsequent to the dates of payments, as shown on the abstracts, but in this latter case Ford's is most glaring, as the date of payment, as shown in the abstract is 1st July, and the cheque dated 13th August. I may here mention, in every case that payments are made by the District Council to the party who is receiving payments in person, the abstract is signed, and the cheque handed over immediately after , and when it happens that payments are made by the Warden and secretary, the party receiving the cheque, or whoever he may have passed it to, would have to go to one of the Commissioners and get his signature. I have in that way signed many. 7th. As a further proof, I also forward copies of statements from three men, viz , Michael Martin, who appears on the abstracts of expenditure from Morpeth to Four Mile Creek as having re- ceived a sum of £33 1s 3d , and who positively asserts that he never received any such sum of money in his life from the Maitland Road Trust, and that he never received any payments from James Wallace in his life but once, neither did he ever sign any abstracte for payments but the once. John Farry also states that he never received a cheque for £11 19s 6d , as you will find charged against him in the abstract of expenditure from Morpeth to Four Mile Creek, and that he never received any payments in his life from James Wallace, nor did he ever sign any abstracts to any person other than the deceased secretary, Samuel Wallace. On these matters perhaps it would be advisable to ascertain from the Treasury the number of blank cheques forwarded to the District Council, and the number returned as mutilated, if any, and also as having been given in payment. He had been told that these two men had since said they had made a mistake, that they had forgotten they had received that money. However he had got their hand- writing for it, and he made the statement in justice to Mr Scholey. " Another instance is that of a man named William Lloyd, who asserts that James Wallace went to him a year or two after he had received a payment from Samuel Wallace to obtain his signa- ture, and did so obtain it to an abstract for the amount, notwith- standing he had at the time he received the money from the deceased (Samuel Wallace) signed abstracts for its payment. "8 That Stephen Scholey, Warden, did atsi pay for repairing a punt which wns sunk in tho river at Laig's Ferry when it was so pi id for, and who has stated to me, in reply to a question I apked relative to it, that such payment was mado upon the certi ilcate of Janies Heap, Ulam lightly informed by Councillors lulling and M Mahon Heap met the oommiltco where the punt wi B lying, including the Warden, who takes upon himself tho duties of a member of all committees erofficto, ewing to his ] osition, he (Heap) only stated ho thought tho punts would tighten after a little so as lo bo able to do its work, but gave no cenificato to that effcot in this caso I shall also refer you to copieB of documents In my possession, and send boron Uh (obtained by mo /rom Councillor M'Mahon) an 1 stating, both being members of the Punt Committee and whooejected strongly to its being paid for, even went so fir at to enter a written protest agi inst it Disttict-Counclllor O Brien being also one of tho Punt Committee, bis brother-in-law (Robert Lloyd), the contractor for its repair, which ¡tis said to have been executed under tho supervision of this Councillor O'Brien, and p ild for by him, and who had not sought the honour of re-election " Well, whilst ho was upon that matter of O Bnon, ho might sav that that person was a Councillor, and hid i en- dued himself liable for a penally of £o0 for contracting to oo nnjlhiLg fur Ibu Council to which gam waa attached Both the Warder and councillor admitted that, but urged that as O Brien wan n poor man, it would bo a pity to keep anything out of his way. Tho matter was got ovoi by nicanBof somothing like a round-robin Iho paper w13 cntried round lo tho dittnct councillors, somo of them signed it, nnifsomo of them refused to signit Bat ho mw said unhesitatingly thut O'Brien had been bought ovoi to support the allegations whioh had beon modo ngunathiiu (Mr Eckford). " 9, This same punt has since becntaueil nt a very great expenso, an« a man for annie days prior to Tuosday lait, lBtti t el nt la« bein kel t for the pnrpose of baling, oil* tho wator Winn In the abo« on of the Wnrdin at our lilt raietlng wo ptrstdn mnltitlon that Bhe should bo floated on to the Slip t» SK> o futthi r «i irme, Josaru l'oaKOui» ' Well, as tho punt was so viry loalj,bo thought tho ?Warden would havo been justitiod in rofuaiug piymont for it. Memorándum na to Tender - Counolllora Kelling, M Mahon and l) Hrim committee for Full a punt, on a certain day opono 1 Undue When wo found ono of them not signed i f course we felt nnp,ry, winn 0 Urian Intimate 1 he know » mottling «bout it w o Olden d him out, he brought It back signed by ttobort Lloyd li being the seeond lowest tinder, and which wo aoo ptcd, W6 saw the punt after ano was reported aa c< mplotcil, wo Bald wo could not consent to take her aa tho work was not porlorrnod acoordli g to oontraot, and wc«foourso brought up a report to that eft" ot marked _|At that mooline the Wardon and Colino 1 wore all but unanimous 'hat tbo punt would not bo neooptcd it" it did not meet the approval of tho aub nommiitoo appolntod to tupcrvlfo It and further nflltmod It, tho mooting had no power to inter ere In the matter These remark« were from the Wanton's lil a and wo now declaro that the punt rcpat-i were paid for against our oonacnt, aa wo aro certain no further repairs woro done to hir between tho dale of our report and her acceptance, and thircforo consistently with our duty could not aoo«pt the punt as properly repaired according to annexed speoifioatlon W Kim INO Tnoi. M. AUnOH, ; Copy of Specification Tho two underneath ends, old «Ino taken off thoroughly scraped t» bo lined with Inch hardwood boards, to bo inapcoted by at Itast two or tho persons appointed for,(tint purpose, to|bo caulkM, pitched, and tarred outside on tho Hinton aide, ai the punt now lies, two planks to be replaced, to be caulked, pitched, and tarred, and one new atanehion, and on the oppoalt« Bide, same end to bo served in like manner , between decks to bo scraped and tan ed, and floor to ba replaced, to bo oaulkcd and tarred aamo as above this , work to bo dono cither by tondor for the whole, or labour only. W6 certify tho within was not carried out in any rcapcot fnoa M'MAIIOM. \l« hruTimi lie port in committee with Jrall'i pnnt Mr O Brien, ona of tho Council, r i por ia her completed, and yesterday wc, with Mr CB , ono ol the commissioners, iospected her, and sa we con- sul! red her not according to cutrnot wo hare thought bettor to lay the matter beforo tho whole of tho Commissioners for thoir consideration 1 On examination we find that the punt makes from two to thrco Inches of wator as »ho now Iles on tho slip at a tide, should oho bo loaded, there ia a probability of her oven making more 2 The deck soams are open, and until the samo la csulkcd and tarred, she la not fit for leo, this work w« o .in- sider to be in the oontraot, and ought, therefore to bo done bofore accepting her as completed S Tho oxtras which were pointed out, and which the charge waa SA 10» 1 ho next ii the painting , if we arc correct, there waa I bchorc a resolution authorising £2 10s The charge mado la £5, which was thought execssiro by a majority of those npprintcd for that purposo Dated October 22nd 1867, and laid before Council True, oopy of papers in our possession (Signed) Tims M'MAHO.N, W KhATINU A'ter tho the Fall's punt being acooptod She was placed in nhargo of JnmcB KlBety und Moharil Klaely, who gaTc us a leport being placed thorc for the purposo ofa*aer .a'E1 g b- t-lu stale A minute of whioh, aa follows, waa road to the Council, vi« -From 7 p m to 4 a m noxt morning 89 Hno bookit* of water balled out 94 bnokets from 4 a m to t> p m , and then from b p m to 5 a m. tho next morning, 80 buckets. The above named men were employed to take the punt to Largs Ferry, where she waa supposed to bi. worked, after arriving at Lurga they said, unless tho punt was kept continually pumped out they were of opinion she would not float, which waa Ter!tied by the faot that sho was at the bottom of the rircrln tho morning and the contractor paid for her, whilst In that position, notwith- standing wo as members of tho committee appointed for tho purpose of seeing into tho proper repair of this punt, protested against her being paid for (Signed) V\ KKATIKO, TIIOI at MAUOH Ho thought, at all events, that that was sufficient to show thnt tho punt was paid for whon sho bad no right to havo boon paid for After a certificate had boon givon to tho effect that tho pnnt was not fit to do its work, tho Wardon ought not to havo acted m the arbitrary manner in which ho did in paying for it A protest was mado bv Messrs Macmahon and ICoatmg, which protest was now on the records of tho Maitland District Couit It might probably bo said that tho secretary, Jamos Wallaco, had fur- nished, o' rather filled in, tho wholo of theso documents beforo tbo death of his brother If such was the oaso, bo woulä like to know how it waa that tboso two mon had both mado payments in ono day. If Samuel Wallaco was ill, and it was found desirable that ho Bhould call in the assistance of his brother, how was it that be countersigned cheques on the samo day that his brothor did It was tboroforo plain that tho obB ract* h id been made up Tho secretary to the Maitland District Council, did not know who to anply to, and ho (Mr Eckford) oamoto Sydnev with him ond wont to tho Troasury, and naked Mr Lane, Lnder Secretary to tho Treasury, for tho dates of tho payments upon tho last abstracts Bent into tho Troasury Mr Limo furnished them according]), and tho accounts were then mado up and foi warded to ino Treasury. 1 horo waB ono mattor which ho was omitting In reply to a question he asked on tho 6th of February, as to whoro tho punt was l}ing at tho tuno it was patd for, ho was informed that it was lying sunk at tho Larga fern Ho would ask any unprejudiced mind in that chamber wholhor tbire was not "something rotten m tho state of Denmark ' in regard to this matter t Iho o*her question he wished to refer to was this Ho ael ed, when was tho Cessnock Road Committeo appointed to make inquiry i It was November 2nd, 18bb Ho was also anxious to know what the minutes woro , and tbo ant-wer was, no minutos weio taken Tho wholo of tho mutter hinged upon tbo statement of a disappointed scoundrel, and ho condemned the bon Minister for Lands that he did not placo moro vnluo upon bis (Mr Eckford's) statement than upon a statonier* coming from tho Wardon socond banded The mooting to which ho hadioferrod met on tho Wednesday following tbo luosduy on whioh the Farlitment mot Tho statemont mado by Mr 1 itepatiick was very different from that which tho Warden tuid was told to b in, and tbo statement from tho bon Mimetcr for Lands to himself was oxuclly tbo samo as that mado by Mr Fitrpntnck In tho Maitland Met cury of December 10th, lbCS, contained nnothor roport on Cessnock Road matters - " Tho Wardon, rofornng to a statement mado at tho last mooting, questioning tbo power of tho Council to appoint committees of investi- gation out of its body, road the charter appointing tho Council, which gave tho power which had been disputed Iho District Council Act imparted Bimilar authority." If ho hod been present tho Warden would certainly havo had a rejoinder from him, but every advantage had boon teken of him because his political viows did not agree with the political viows of sonio pcoplo-becauso ho was not to be bought-becauso he was not for political sale Ha was sought to bo bought last session, and ho could provo it, and becauso ho did not allow himsolf to bo bought in ono piuco und sold in another, this dreadful onslaught was to be mado on him, and ne was to bo extinguished from political hfo. But ho challenged and defied thom. Ho could say in this matter-Satan, I defy you all ' (Laughter from Mr Piddington ) Ho regretted that tho hon member should ject and laugh at a mntter which was of suoh sorious consequonco to bim (Mr Eckfotd) He had children, and when ho left this world he desired to leavo them with a good namo At his time of hfo ho would rather a man would blow his brains out than bring against bim a chargo of this kind after ho had been trv tng for years to mako amends for any mishap which might havo bofallon him m his early days Iho report continued -"Tho Warden also mado allusion to a threat made by a commissioner recently, that ho would, if ho got another councillor with him, removo tho Warden, and pointed out that tho Wurdon was placed in his position, not oy tho i ommiBsioners, but by tho Govornor under charter, and that tboroforo no vote of tho Council could remove him, or operate to removo bim, if hy any chanco his remov al was desired, ho would be called upon by tho Government to show cause against it Ho further went on to defino tho powors of tho Wardon, and tho responsibilities of his office, and regretted that inquiry into what ho considered domanded inquiry bad been arrested by tho aotion of a commissioner 1 hat was truth When ho found this Warden going round and trying to get up charges against him, he said to one of the councillors, What is my lot to-day may be yours to- morrow, and if any one of you will second a resolution I will move it, in order that this man's conduct should be set before the Government. He should bo able to show that he never at any timo wanted to burk inquiry. He should be able to show that that Warden did every- thing in his power to prevent him bringing this matter before the public. Then there was the following -" A charge had been made against the Warden and the Secretary for permitting a man named Sheridan to inspect certain vouchers in the office, but this charge he begged most dis- tinctly and emphatically to deny. He also denied that he had imputed fraud to any Commissioner. He proceeded to defend himself against what he conceived to be aspersions upon his character as an honest man, and pointed to his career in East Maitland as a defence against such aspe- rsions. Under legal advice he had visited Sydney, and seen the Minister for Lands, who had directed that a report in writing, detailing all the particulars of the case, should be submitted to him, and he (the Minister for Lands) had promised to take such action as was necessary, without casting any responsibility of the proceedings upon either him as Warden, or upon the Council Tbo Minister had directed him to submit tho statement to tho Council, and have it adopted by the Trust, if possible, but whether it was agreed to or not, to forward it to him A roport of tbo circumstances of tho case, m which tho committeo of inves- tigation liad made inquiries, had accordingly beon drawn up bj Mr It W Thompson, and was now boforo tho Council Ho Bhould be ablo to Bhow that no committeo ovei Bat, and that this report was drawn up sololy from tho dictation of Mr Scbolc}-tint, notwithstanding a committeo wiB an jointed to investigate this matter on tho 2nd November, tho cnlv place nt which they over had a meeting was opposite Smith s Id mill. Ibero the} decided to bring this m ittor before the. Court, oud they brought boforo tho Bench the linn whom they thought most foolish m his employment, nnl whom (boy thought they could turn about as they liked Ho (Mr Leaford) was subpanaod as a witness, an 1 then allwifncbsea were ordered out of Com t so thathoshould not know vvhii t was feoing on 1 rom tho beginning it w is a deep-laid Ecbemc of tbo barden to injuro bim Iho bin renllcmnn then quotod as follows -" Ibis roport was modo up fiom documents in tho ofllee, and from tho lesult of the committee's inquiry Ho begged to m i\ o that tho report bo adopted Councillor Bowden seconded tbu motion Councillor Keating thought the Council ou"hl to w ut tdl Councillor Lekford waB present, ho was tho person ro fcr ed to principally m the report, and pLih.r» if bo ero present ho might givo some infoiuiation to tho Council, which would clear up somo of the mittors referred to Ho moved, asan amendment, tint tbo discui-ion bo deforrod lo Ibu next meeting, and that Councillor Likfcrd bo called ujon to e\plam Counulloi M'Mihou scumdo I the amendment, a« lie agreed that it w is mo»t nh^nbb tint Ci uncilloi 1 ii ford should bo pu mt Councillor Bowden did not recognise tho necessity for delay in adopting tho report, which would givo tho information desire« by tho Mitietcr for Lands, (bo matter would oomo bofors th« Council again wben Councillor Eckford was prosont, and no chargo or imtutaiiun was mado against that Councillor Councillors Noble and O'Brien agreed with Councillor Bowden, that there was nothing to bo gained by delay, nor would any injustice be done to Councillor Eckford. The Warden replied, and pointed out that Councillor Eckford had had previous opportunities of giving information if he had desired to do so, and as he had not furnished such in fornialirn it wn« to bo presumed that ho was oithtr uniblo or unw ill» g to furnish it " Ho should bo ablo to show unmistakably, from ii minuto takin from tho Cornells bioks, that ho naked tho oommiltoo to apply to bun fir overy information thoy c nsulcred noocasary, but, as ho said beftro, instead of applying .o lum this honest warden hnd kad the nport drawn up in tho way ho hld state i "Therefuro nothing would bo gained by delay in adopting the report, and ho trusted tho resolution would bo earned Hi hoped the mover of tho omondmont would withdraw it line, Councillor Koating d-jclinod to do " Tho mattor w ns of such great importance that these gontlomon cou Id not watt until tho following Tuesday, which was a regular business day Ho (Mr Eckford) saw the newspaper on Thuiídny night, in Sidney, containing tho report of tho precccdinge, and ,ho addressed a letter to the Hon Secretary for Lands, requesting thit ho would, at all 01 tuts, do bim tho justico of giving him. a oopy of tho rerxirt, in ordor that ho might dofend himself [" Hear, hear, " from Mr Forstor ] Ho called nt the Lands Office, wanting to know if tho report was forwarded, and Mr. F Wpatriok said it waa not Ho questioned Mr Fitzpatrick, and afterwards saw tho Minister as to the truthfulness of tho Warden's statomont Mr Titipatnck said tho Warden called at tho office, and told him that ho had boen to Mr Parkes, wh> directed him to go to tho Auditor-Öoncral, who told him to go to tho Lands Office Mr Tltzpatrick said tho Warden wont on with a long ngmarolo about him (Mr Eckford), and that ho told him whatovcr ho had to say should bo put in writing, and, also, that if tho Minister was not engaged ho would gol an inlorviow wuh him Ho said ho got an interview, mid that what ho (Mr Tit7patrick) told him tho Minister told him-that whatever ho had to say should bo pitt m writing Now what authority haa tho Mimstor to givs suoh instructions if ho did so ? Because if hs (Mr Eckford) had been making «way with tho public nsonoys, thero was tho Poiioo Court to tako him to But tho Wardon know ho dared not do so, but carno to tho Government This Wardon had a little money, and ho said ho did not wuh to loso it, that ho would got tho Government to tako this matter up, for tho purpose of saving himself from an aottt n that now hung ovor his head which bo (Mr Echford) should tako against him Ho (Mr Eckford) went to Maitland, but tho voto of wini of confidence not being over ho bad to rotura again Beforo he left Sydney ho sent a loltor to Mr Koating and another councillor to ask why tho report was put through that place so indecently, Doing drawn up by a lawyer, instead of tho secretary, Bnd at the dictation of tho com- mittee Ho requested him to ask tho Warden whether tho roport had boen forwarded to Sydney, and, if not, why not Tho A\ arden said a fair copy had been received from Mr 1 hompson on Saturday , and that thoro was only timo for tho (ecrctnry to copy the report in rho minuto book, and ho ptomiEcd that tho Ministor should have a oopy by Thurs- day But thiB report wns improved upon by putting an additional £2 Os Gd The Act distmitly stated thit n cen nnltce should be appointed, but it was to do the buBi« ni FB and not to employ Mr Thompson, a lan j or, who per- secuted a man under him (Mr Lckford). Roforring lo abstracts from tho minutes, it would bo found that at a meeting in November, 18f8, ho (Mr Eckford) said he hoped the committoo would apply to him fir any information thoy miLht require, and that tho 'W arden reported that ho had beon to Sydnoyandhad sei n tho beads of various departments, who advised him to for» ard a completo rov tow of the case Mr 1 hompson 1 repined tho documents, and it was niovod that tho roport bo adopted 1 his report reached Sydnoy on tho Thursday afternoon, and was handod about from ono mombor of tho Home to another This roport, which oould not bo carried in the mail bag, but mußt bo brought by tho Wardon, was also of such importanco that a deputation must lay it beforo the Mmister for Lands Now ho carno to tho roport of Mr Thompson and Mr Scholey, for ho Bald it was their report, and not tho report of the committee .' Report of tho Maitland District Counoil respecting the alleged expenditure of a portion of the sam of £350 voted by the Legislative Assembly for the repairs of a portion of tho Wol- lambi Hoad, between West Maitland and Cessnock, submitted for the information of the lion, the Minister for Lands " ihe Coucoll does itself tho honour to report that on or about the 4th day of Juno last the sum of £350 was placed by the Colo- nial Ti tasurcr to the credit of the Council In the Bank of Now South WBICB, Sydney, for the purpose of enabling tho Counoil to execute certain necessary rcpnlraon tho Wollombi Road, between West Milliard and CesBnook a distance of fourteen miles or thereabouts, and that six months was granted for the expenditure of that sum ' TI at in the month of May last the various roads within tho Maitland e.lttricl wrro allotted to the cbarga of tho varions coun- cillors by vote of the Counoil, and, amongst others tho Wollombi Ki nd wi s allotted to the c large of Mr Joseph Eckford assisted by the warden Mr Stephen Scholey, but by somo error of the clerk of the Council, tho warden's name was not inserted In tho minutes " Ihen it proceeded - " That on the 6th day of Ootober last the Warden obtained cer- tain Information which induced bira, on the 12th of Ootobor, be- fóle 6 o'clock am , to visit that part of the Wollombi Road which was then immediately under repair, for tho purpose of ascertain- ing whether the men who were Bald to be working on tho said road come to their work In due time, and as to how tho work gci crallv was being carried on ' The W arden then found that nearly all the men wcro not at »ork in due time, that up to a quarter-past 7 tho overseer, 1 atrick Donn, whose duty it was to set the men to work, to kcip their lime, and to carry nut tho instruolions of the directing courclllor wa" not op the ground 1 That at the time the «aid ratrick Doran waa lodging on week days at the house of Mr J, Eckford at the charge of 5s, per «eek " 1 hat was posilivoly untrue, and tho records of tho Council would show it It was dodged into savo himself (Mr Seholoy) in tho ur) notifiable appoaranco against him (Mt. Eckford) " That one Solomon Israel and ono Patrick Kinallly wore carters, said to bo employed on tho said weis;, neither of whom v. ero at work up to half-past B o'clock on the mo-ning of tho 13th of Ootober, but the warden ascertained from one of tho labourers, named James Moylan, that Mr Eckford had instructed the curler, Solomon Israel, not to como to work until Wednesday, tho 14th day of October " That on Tuesday, the 27th day of Ootober, the usual pay day, Mr Eckford presented to the Warden, at thooffloe of the Council tho older bearing that date, a copy of which Is sont herewith, and on Inquiry being made it was aitertaincd from Mr Eckford that Solomon Israel, the carter, claimed for thirteen days' work with his horse and cart, at 12s per day, aad that Patrick Kinallly, the other carter, claimed for nine days' work at the samo rato Mr } ckferd had, at that lime, aH the vouchers for the expenditure of the said sum li his possession, and on Mr Eckford requiring a chequo, in accordance with the order boforementionea, the Warden refused to give a cheque until all the vouchers were pro- duced and in the office, the Warden believing, from information which hail been previously furnished to him, that both Israel's and Kinallly'» accounts of their work were falso, sent the secre- tary of the Counoil to them to endcav our to obtain a written étalement of theso acoounts, which, however, the seorctary waa usable to obtain " This was a matter which James Mowlan distinctly denied. Ho might explain that on tho afternoon ho presented tho ordor for payment ho took over an abBtraot ter £1610s or £16 So, asd tho secretary gavo him tho abstract to bring in with othor payments. He (Mr. Eckford) told tho Warden thoy woro nil at his (Mr. Eckford s) bouse, and tho Warden said Hughes would tako tho chequo over when ho went with tho abstracts If so, why was it not handed ovor to the Maitland District Council But, matead of this, thero was nothing from John Sbondan, but thero waa a statomont in tho hand- writing of James Wallis, a station-master at Stoney Creek, u Inch was ¡aid on tho table as being from Sheridan 1 ho M ardon admitted it was in Wallis's handwriting - " But tho Warden, tho same evening, obtained further Inform- ation from John Sheridan, who bad been keeping a book »f tho lime of all tho men, which at onco confirmed the impression ho bid previcnslT formed that Israel's end KinatUy's accounts (as Btatcd by Mr L"Kford) wcro both false, inasmuch as Israel had only worked nino days instead of thirteen for which he claimed, and Kinallly had only worked two days instead of nino for which be claimed. It wns truo that tho Warden had sent his secretary to find Ihe men, and seo what money waa duo to each It would bo understood that those men w ero in tho habit of getting £2 or £3 fred him at a timo, whenever they wanted tho monoy, Ono man, boforo ho (Mr Eckford) carno down to Sydney, wanted somo money to punhsso hav, and ho advancod him £2 8s , and when the secretory went to him, ho said thoro WOB£6 8S duo bira Ho (Mr Eckford) had boen a con- siderable cfcstanco upon the road with the Wardon, and upon his return, ho went to tho secrotary to know why tho mt ney was not forthcoming Tho secretary said tho Waiden intended to adhoro to tho íesolulion that no monoy i-hould bo paid Ho said that waB very pripor, and that it «ught to hnvo been thought of beforo Ho got tho note at tho PoBt-oflice, and that day ho gavo the secretary tho abstracts, and when ho gavo them ho said thero v\ ero naraee in thoso abstracts of parties who had not been working in (ho regular gang Ho had found out that this Warden had been Bonding tho secretary round as a pimp to try whether ho had drawn an order for moro money than was duo to tho men and this Israel told him ho had (old (ho secretary thoro waB £5 8s duo to him This shewed tho cuteness of tho Warden, who was trying to put his claws upon him (Mi Eckford) m this mattor. ?That at the time of the Warden's refusing to give Mr. Eokford a cheque he requested Mr Lckford to have all the workmen down at tho office " Tin %v as positively untrue, ns ho should provo by a letter bo bad tot here Tho Warden's statement was, " I wish yeu had brought all tho «thor vouchers over, but Mr Hughes will call for them " Mr Hughes called at night, ard ho hail somo friends, and aBkcd him to oomo again in tho morning, which ho did, and the abstracts woro gi von to bim 'Thuisday, the 20th of October, that ho might examine thom ns to the work they had really done, and Mr Jächford promisod that the men should be there " Ile had nover promised anything of tho kind '. That on Thursday, all the men, including Israel and I\i nailly, but excepting Doran the overseer, c imo to tho office of the Council, and the warden then examined all tho labourers partiel lally as to the timo made by Israel aud kinallly " Ivonc of the men nt first appeared wi ling to give any in- formation, but at length Moylan and Sheridan made certain stalinien e, copies of which aro hereto annexed, marked A and li .. Israel was afterwords brought in and examined by tho warden in the presence of the seorctary and Mr Eokford and ho then stated that he hod worked thirteen days, commenoing from Mon- day, the 12th of October, that he had worked that very day, aud bad begun woik at 6 o clock " This 12lh October was put in for tbo purposo of complicat- ing tho ciBo 'Ibis man's work was commenced on tho 6th October, and if bo (Mr Eckford) had not kept aocounts nil tbo lime, ho did not know but what tho M ardon might not have lilted him , " And bud carried Doran, Sheridan, Hencsacy Moyhu, anl Y, nish out to tbo wotk la his out," That was positively nntmo, for ho bovd the man's D_nto mont, Whenever ho wont to put a question tho Warden put up his ilnacrnmi end ?' Now, Mr, Eckford " «» », bad held bia tongue. n0 lut tbo Warrien examino tho m.. na bo thought fit, and ho said that tina Btitoiaent«>. positively untruo. " ".¡Mt being tho rcry day on whioh the Wardeh was on Ih. woik, and found that up to hulf-paat 8 o'claon ho wva n it on !! ni Ik, nar goinc te ,t, Hnd that Sheridan, Maylen, and (Ian".!" wiro on tho giound, the first nt ten minutes past 6. and ih»,. Uturattenuiinuu«past7,and that Horan a»u Walah wer, n»? th.ro at all Iho Vimlin then deeli, od to pay I.T! foAnr molo than nine days, which he at last acocote 1 but m ni« ,7.' the last that ho had work.d tnirtecn day,, and waa LtuÄs paid for them. Kini.llly also insiitcd that ho had worked?!. dn%a, but ho could not Bay when bo lugan work or wann ¡f Unishod, and ho waa only paid for two daysi » ' *"'"' h* Ho was prepared to swiar this man worked tho thirloi. da} s-ho nu ant from what ha had been teld. " The Vf arden being oonvinced, from what ho had seen himielf and from ¡ho information derived from Sheridan and Morlan that Israel had attimptid, by falso prctonocs, to obtain navm«! from tho Council f"r four days" work whioh he had never ner' torn ed, caused proccedinga to bo taken agatnit him for ih, attempt, but, on the caao being hrought before the Bcnob at But Maitland, an objection waa raised by Israol'B attorneys-Mnirt Mullen and O'MesRhir-that no nffonoe had beca commutedlia law 3ho lltnoh, however, dUnuseid the casa, not unoalkô giound so raised, but because, In their opinion, tho Warden hal Hu lilians within his power of ascertaining whether tho alsto mint mado bj, Israel was true or false " Ho said, in nply te that, why did not tho Warden Uko propor proceeding« if that oase was dismissed unjaatitUbly f "That a committee, consisting of tho Warden and CounciHwi Ki ming and Howden, waa appointed to inquire into the waola matter relating to the expenditure of tho said money, and fra» Un Inquirirá which thov hive made, tiny bollovo that a suai of £10!) if. Itld , aa shown by tho nceoiint sent herowith, ranked C has hem paid In excess of what has been nally eirned th« several uuiountH «r« enter«! In ihn vouchers, coplea of whioh »r. also sent herewith, matkcdD b, F, G li I, J, K, amlh "bio! wen ncm p id, particularly a sum of ¿1 10B , said to havo bena paid to John Sheridan " Ho maintained these wcro the itemB ho waa charged witi muapproi riuting. In 1887 tbo men woro paid on 8itur dB}s._ whin ho heard tho monoy bad boen Bent to the District Council bo put men on to work. On tho Tuo.dvy fi llowing tho Wardon said it would suit bun botter if tor tho itituro tho monoy wero paid on 1 uosdays, ond that he w ould attend on Tuesday« to pay iho mon. That waa how the diffeience arose in tho accounts. "?Whereas, Bbcridaa declares that he only received £J 12s,anl that ho signed tho Touchera blank, which shews that a sum of £4 10a waa paid to him, and bia »ignaturo to wblch lswltneaiei by Mr Eckford, and aa far as the onnimlttte has boon ablo to ascertain, no such person as William Thomas, who li said to hare earned £7 4s 8d by tho vouoher ot tho 10th June, and wa«« mark or eroBs to tho said voucher ia witnessed by Mr. Kckfocd aud waB ever knnnntoanyof the other men employed on tin work, and, aa It Ia be leved, no auch person WBB over employed there." Ho asked any unprejudiced person if thoao woro not tha only chargea tho Warden bad attempted to lovel against linn i It was as distinct as possible what implication ht | wiisbcd to mako , and ho had found out ovorybody bat thu W Ilium Thomas. " That tho document marked J, sont herewith, is a eopy of iii memorandum furnished by Mr Eokford, of tho work said to h1T( been done between the 6th and JCtti day of October. '.Tint the overBCor, Patrick Doran, did i ot mako his appear- ance before the Council until the 17th day of November, when at carne for his wages, earned up to the 26lh of October, and he w« then examined by several of the Councillors, and his exanilnitlo» ?»»a written down by tho olerk, and a copy thoroof is alio Mat herewith, marked M. " That a copy of the tinic-tablo kept by John Sheridan, mirked M, ia sent hei ewltb, to be compared wiih the vouchers (ignci by tho workmen and witnessed by Mr Eokford " This waa a copy of tho report sent down te tho Government, and this was tho roply which ho (Mr. Eokford) had suat in, " Reply sent to tho Government in Soholey'« Charges. " Sir,-I beg to acknowledgo the receipt of your lettor of tub. Instant accompanied by a report signed by tho Warden and tares others of its luimbirs, in whioh letter you request mo to faveur jon with any observation I may desire on the subjeot. " In nply thereto, I beg to etato the first paragraph and mvrked No 4, IB a falsehood, knowingly made for the purpose of tryisf to show tno Warden bad a light to intorfore with the workmea ami managemtnt of Ccsenook Hoad IIo also »tales that It ni ii mistukf of the secretary not entering his name in tho minute«, such ia untrue, as can bo proved by the Counolllora and Us mimina of thtlrproceed'ng». " No i. With reference to this paragraph, marked thai, I of course cannot acoount for tho Warden's accusation) as to the tinto lhc men reached tho works, if, aa ho states, thoy did not uri ive out unilinear 7 o'clock. Such might have been tho cue on some Monday mornings, na they very «tun bad te wait at tko blacksmith's for their tools. From oanvorsations I have heard which havo taken placo, and from what Soholey told myself, othirB of the men besides 8hertdan woro thero at twenty minutes past 6 o'clock on aomo mornings. 1 can further slat» that I hare been In tho hal It of looking out of my baok bedroom win >'ow at from 5 o'clock In the morning until half-past 5 o'clock, for the express purpose of accing what time tho m«n wont to their wotk, and, moreover, on this particular morning, owing to my gring to Sydney, I was np earlier than UBual, and saw the mea gob g through tho paddocks in the dlrcotlon of whore they were employed at twenty-five minutes past 5 o'clock ia tho marnlojr, which gave umplo timo for them to roaoh their work It is alto stuted that Doran waa tho timekeeper, I ham asked Doran far the purposes of scrutiny when he has como in or an evening befare pay day, what time the men had warned, although at the sime time I hada tolerable knowledge of these faots, having seen the men In moat instances, going to and returning from work, I may mention my roar ona for being anxious to know the time of the men going to their werk la the mornings waa in consequence of Shiiianr.'g telling mo rome timo previous, when flndiog fault with him and others for not having dune their work, bis state- ment was the other men idled away their timo by going oat st Improper hours. "No. 3 Bpcuke of Doran lodging at my house on week days Such is not true. Through my having known Daran for the mt Iwelve years-he having worked formo for two yeira-ini knowing bira to he a faithful and trustworthy man, I allowed bun to have his ten and bed five nights in tho week at 5«. per wcik 1 am at a loss to know what tbis has todo wUhams.p propiintion of moniv on tho roads. * ho 4 speakB ofUracl and Rinaally Reft «vine; first to Isra-1, I gave one ot tho men instruotionB on Salurd ty, lOih October, to tell Israel tot to to OJtto woik beforo tho Wednesday morning following, and on my return from Sydney on Thursday, IStb, I fun d be bad not been so informed, and had gone to bis work is usual ; ann In my presence ho told tho Warden, Scholey, ho had turned off -.he main road, and went, as ho always previously hal dene lo the gravel quarry, whero ho had boen employed in oirt ing grav el f rom Wiih reference to Moylan'B Btatoment to Soholey, I am informed by Moylan that on the day in question, ho norer mentioned my name with reference to Israel's time. " No. 5 Aa regards me presenting an order for £43 4s. 64, ¡I Is quite correct, believing it then to have been due, and I believe so still. Israel claimed for thirteen days I bollovo it is justly duo to him, notwithstanding I waa in Sydney portion« of two weeks out of tho three weeks that he claims to have worked, Patrick Klncallly's claim la also, I believe, oorroct. Ho was seat hy me, on Tuesday morning, 7th October, to repair some logging biyond Bishop'« Bridge (a distance of sorao eight miles from Maitland), with instructions to join Israel on Wednesday, Hie, October, for the purposo of carting gravel, whero ho worked two dayB, making his olaim nine days. Tho Warden speaks Insinuatingly, The vouchers wero all in my posses» ion. Buch was the case ; but it was not a sew thing for me to keep the vouchers for the books on Cessnock road until tho money had been worked ant, that duty having been first imposed upon mo (the Warden having then > protege and drunken secretary at least two and half years ago), the said Warden being his bondsman. Tho Warden asked for the vouchers and said he would aot trouble me to take them butwonld send the secretary the following morning. After having pre seated the order I gavo the eecrotary all the vouohor«, telling him there were other men besides those who wero working just beyond Stoney Creek whero our regular workmen woro em- ploi ed. The W arden would wish to mako it appear I was the only councillor who held vouohers, whereas it was the oaso ulta others. " No. 6 BtatCB at the timo the Warden refused tho cheque ho re- quested me to send tho men over on Thursday. Such is not true, as will be seen by a letter sent herewith from the aeorottry, n arked A, of Wednesday's date, requesting mo to send tho mea over on tho following day, and notwithstanding I went on same \\\ cdnesday, aevcral miles out on the road, in company with tho Worden Soholey, ho never once mentioned to mo anything as to his wishis about paying tho men; It waa not until half-patt 8 o'clock in tho ovening when I called at tho secretary'» house to know why tho money had not been forwarded to enablo mo to pay tho men-, he said, havo you not rccolved my noto, I said I had no:, when ho informed mo tho Warden had told him to write to we, to say he would adhere to tho resolution of tho trast, that no more money waa to be paid out of tho ofiloo, I replied, I was very glad, it>as an Irregularity that had cropt In through the act of a druoken secretary Subsequently I went to the post-office and there got tho note I have previously alluded to, and wblch I annex hereto. I merely mention this to show tas unscrupulous man this Warden Is, and the danger min are placed in who como in contact with lum '1 he some tv ming I saw two or the men, and informed them they would have to go to the office, Eist Maitland, for their money; one of which (Israel) replied he know it, that UughcB the seors laiyhad informed him, " No. 7, Tho men, with tho exocption of Doran, weat on the follow lug day (Thursiiuy) to tho omeo, and WHS questioned by the Warden na to their timo, Israel tnd Ma nally persisting in thiir demand Israel cornmenoed work oa 1 linday, 7th Ootobir, and net lîth, as stated by the Warden Ia the report, and 1 believe he was at work on tho Monday, as stated in a previous paragraph The report furthor states ka (Israel) told bun on the Tuesday ho had c irnod oulla his cart oa that morning Doran, Henniesy, Sheridan, Morlan, and Wa-io, which Is another false statement of tho Warden's, tUtlr dinlcd by Israel, and must have been knowingly mado lae VV arden'B statement is further untrue. aB the mon Moylan and Hint issy told bim in my presence they oaw him just riding up to Sheridan when they hovi in sight, which could not bo moro thai 110 yards from whero Scholcy and Sheridan woro standing, aud who from a stuleracut made in a previous portion of his roport, eviucntly met b> appointment With regard to the payments to Iamcl nnd Kinnailly, I believe thom to be justly duo as demanded hy them The \\\ arden on tilla particular Thursday called In Vi nish, and told bim ho was demanding 05. moro than was duo w him-stating that ho had i ot been at work, also that bo was st hou o Bick in his bed, notwithstanding ho (tho Warden) pam Vulsh thisduy's wug,a, and that amount put on the side or »a« he isdislious of shewing If possible l8 a deficit, as I Douro stated, I believe the claims of tho men are Btiictly oorreot. "No 8 Hie icport refers to a statement having been mado by Moylan In conjunction with Sheridan aa bein« ttic cm« of li) Wanlen initiating proceedings against Israel. If you refer tosup marked A, attached to iho r< port sent In, it will bo seen there u not anything to jualify the v\ arden in making such statement, or laliug pioccedings ugauut Itrncl The Keuch did not, ns atiuj by tho V\ srden's solicitor in his report, dlsinna the case on s loi grounds Reference hi ing hud to the procci dings will moro luuy nppcar ; this was wrong, ae I ascertained since, no meetings wera "No 0. This paragraph of ibe report speaks or a commutes having been appi inted, consisting of the Warden's councillors. Keating and ljowden, it's true, hut how h-vo thoy acted' M« onei, in Newcastle-street, and decided to summon Israel, walo" was done, nnd the foregoing "piragraph shows how tfema'icr wn» disposed of The report further stntea aa by tho Warden in»i £109 Os lOd has been pnld in exco-s of what had hut«»' earned, tbatscural accounts arc entered in t'.Q vouohcra wnioa were never paid-Una showa tho Warc'cu bos °hirK«L""t with fraud, that John Mcminn declares ho nt one PW""" onlyrccci\ed£3 12'., whereas £1 10s haB bien charged again« him, that he{hherldan) had signed vouchers ia bl""*,-'« whole of whoso statements I positively nssert aro uatruo ian report terlher states tho committee cannot «seer nln tho muru « uni such person ns W illmm Thomas, -theiehj implying mt»»?" had been made, and the otter men fuun! to bo corree: , B3 wai. this larho sum of £ltl'J 5a ld.1 *»ln,1,lw,R,4l*_i to £7 la. 8d. ns charged to 1 horans and 18i a» charted nvainst Sheridan making the dificlenoyas shoWR by ino wport o.lv to be £« 2s Sd , hut 1 am pr, paredto »»"«'¿í whole cf those ammints were paid. Tho paragraph further sim» a niau of that I uju |VV qhemaB) was not known to any. ol:m« olher men. 1 again nseirt tho signatures and mark« w« gi riuino, ond w« re rot signed in h'ank Tho report reads n tu« paragraph as thou.h it had been prepare hy tho oomiu . s «»minted to report en the expenditure or Ocfisnoek Road, whereas ¿Í lommittee meetings were ever held. , With tho oxocp Ion cf the ono in the aireot, when Israel was ordered to be .u-nioncd, aud »dini'tcd by 8oholey (Wanlen) no meotingfl wcro "In Bowden admitted the samo Kcatiug, although one of tho «oni- ltlcc appointed, aB before referred lo, WUB k. pt,in darkness as to tbo proceedings of thoso with whom ho i-hould hivo been as- sociated In tho matter referred lu. From Bowden'« admiislon lb»t he did not go to Mr Thompfon, solicitor, Soholcy Warden did all the work himself ; it will theroloic be borno in mind tho ?om_itteo never,at upon ibis report, which they should havo done It should have been signed by tbo chairman on behalf of last committee, and submitted to the full council for approval, which was not done. Tho signatures attached wcro obtained by the secretary oirrying tho report round, hy spécial request of tho Tiaidcn, to the residences of the different pcr.ons whoso namcB are tppendid, the whole of whom oould not havo had (und, in died w! Ich they admit) any knowledge of tho clroumstanocs. Bowden, ono of the commiiteo who was appointed, distinctly statcdhc signed It because he believed what the Warden had stated. - Dobie knew of nothing o'her than the Warden's statements, as oleaO'Bticn, tho other genth man who was on the ooromitteo, Mr. Keating, I need only refer yon to his letter, and for Mr. M'JUbon's opinion upon hlB letter Boih pjsltivoly refused to sien the report when they were iw_tcd on, givi ig as reasons, they illd not believe in ono word of what it contained " No 10 This paragraph Is tho only truthful ono in tho wholo ifjioit 1 mentioned ihe itcmB to the Warden, and he took them donn " Ho 11. Witb reference to thlB paragraph, stating Doran did not put in an appearance to BBk for his money until Novombcr 17, this is another falsehood, knowingly put forth hy tho Warden, »be knows full wrll ou the Tucsduy Israel's caFe was disposed of Beran, in presence i f at least thirty peoplo, asked for his money, and the Watara rc/u ed to pay him , when Doran replied ho would not r° «guiri for it. TI e Warden then told him he would make bim come many more times, yet, notwithstanding, this waB" a regular rayelay to labourers by the council r"ho 12 This paragraph speaks of J chn "heddon giving în lôriration lo the VVnrden, and of his having kppt a timo tablo. ThiiliWt krow anything about, farther than that the timo tallc «B ecnl hy the Wurden (bcholcy ) in his report, und forwarded to mt, u untrue, and I tivc it a ll-t denial, as a most villainous production rroai the men's commencing work in June, until Hondas, October 12th, I did not miss seeing moBt of the men going lo, rclurring from, and very frequently at their work, in tko former cases moro than half a doren times, as it is very leldom I am away from home until after 7 e'e'eti in the evening. To stow what this man fchtiidin is, I have been compelled m my capacity as district councillor, upon many occasions to find fault wita him. Ile idled ¿I« time away anil put it on to others. Ho wanted mo to give kim work to put up a wooden culvert, paying him a givon prlco, »ed that he would return mc a portion back again , for this 1 rebuked Mia, telling him ho should never work an hour on tho road whilst I hod anything to do with It Subsequently, he asked me lo give lum my promiao of employment with a horse and earl on the road , that no had an offer of one upon credit so long as 1 would five the owner of it my word he, Sheridan, should havctho employment asked for To this I aUo refused, telling bim again ii was not my intention to allow him to do any moro ?work on the road. This will give a apecimen of Mr. Warden's informant who ¡t» capable of doing anything to servo his own cads »nd moke friends of the mammon of unnghtousncsB " E» vtould now refer to another letter, to show that the Warden's statement was positiv ely untruo with regard to bim promising tho Warden on tho Tuesday to send over ike reen, for he know nothing about tho matter. This waa a copy of tho letter ho sent to tho Secretary for LandB - "Maitland District Court, " East Maitland, October 28tn, 1863. "Joseph Fckford, Esq "Dtor blr,-I am requested by the Warden to inform you that it is his intention to adhere to the late decision of the Trust, vir., to pai co irorc money out of the office " If, ihn fore, your men will be in attendanco to-m*rrow aftcr 1060, ho v 1 bi happy to givo them their chequeo. " I am, 4c (signed), '1 noues Huoiiu" This Iel r wie from the reporter of tho Maitland Ma my - " West Maitland, January 13,18C9. "JOFil'i Fckford, Ftq "Dtar bir,-In reply to yours, I am torry to inform you that I tatt not preserved my nous of tho meoting of the Maitland Didrict Council to which you refer, and which I attended in my cipaiity of reporter to tho ¿f nsitmber tho occasion well, and 1 havo a d' lind recollection that you eipr mil your willingness to give a full report of all proceedings connected with the CciBnock Road, if required by the oller con minim ert "I remain, &c;, "(8igned) W. J. TAnriüi»" That mmic two witnesses against tho Warden und,Sheridan, and tero wes a letter from ono of his brothoi councillors (Mr, M'Mahsn), and it would count thrco - "Phoenix Whaif, February 23, 1869. " Bir,-I purpose to state hero, as brlifly as possible, my opinion Binga.ds the Cessnock affair Firstly, I ho d that tho Warden all tbroogh this affair has plainly shown his malice against Mr. Eikfonl personally, because ho docs all ihat Iles in his power to binder (and haï attained that end) Mr Eckford making his ex- planation in connection w.th this affair-although Mr. liokfud bat at more than one meeting of ihe tmBt declared his williugncss lo « ear Ike matter np satisfactorily. I confess that I cannot sec any justification whatever for suoh a charge being made, or gionndB for snob ' \ port, I havo looked over all the so-oalled cildcneo, and made ulrica of rcBpectablo per«ons that should ol ntccsfity know ssmcthing of tho affair, and ufter giving the maller n y fullest consideration, I fail to seo anything to justify mc m believing anything more or lea than this -rue Wuiden is jrijndiccd against Mr I ckford , the man Sheridan is moro so, because of Mr. Fckford having discharged him, and let mo lue remark that it is on thia discharged man's statement, un coriototated, the whole nffair Í6 grounded Tho Warden brings Ulli statement beforo the Trust-Mr. Lckford being nbsant nt Sjdnoy at the time-and thero tho majority of the Trust indict bim behind his back; and although requested to allow the matter to stand over for a week, in order that Mr Fckford might bo present and explain this man'A statement, they, the majority, positively rcfnBo. In conclusion I eonnot retrain from expressing the opinion that Mr. Ickford's name has been unjustifiably dragged beforo the public in this affair, and have only fuither to stato that T have every «onOdcncolnMr. Lckford now, as I bad then, that If an oppor- tunity w OB allon ed bira to explain he would hnvc done so satis- factorily to tho Ti list, and creditable to himself "(Signed) IHOMASMACMAIIOH " The original of that Iotter, as ho remarked before, was in th« hands of tho Government. Ho would nl«o roid a letter written by Mr. Koating, another District Court »ancillor - " Morpeth, 18th February. 1860 " Hy dear Sir,-As I was present at tho district meeting held o« the 16th Instant, I beg to addresB the following remarks to jon, solely in the cause of truth and justice and my respeot for jourttif AB JOU aro awaro, I was one of the oommittee of three aprointcd to investigate matters in connection with the Cessnock Hoad, but I was never consulted in any way as to the course tho barden intcrded to pursue, and I have nnce learned that he has leen carrying out his action in this matter on his own account, », the above committee, of which I am a member, mrcr met to craw up any report whatsoei cr. A report was drawn up and Uonght before tho Connell on tho 10th of Dcoemhcr, 1868 Tho Warden moved its auopiion, It was carried. How strango that cue of those who signed it haB since acknowledged that ho knew rofhlng of Its contents. I have learni d that this report, for tho non part, was drawn up from tho information of a maa whom yen diicharged from the works, and on no account should bo telkd «pen without careful investigation, as it is my opinion the itloirnation is unfounded from beginning to end. "Although the statement wns made that tho Warden was connected with you in the supervision of tho Cessnock Road, 1 am perfectly satisfied that such wes not tho case, and that you, and yon only, had tho charge of tho same It waa also ?tattd that you had ample opportunity of explaining mnttcra to the connell with regard to the report. To this I can ocrtify that you Blated repeatedly that you were willing at any time to «plain any of the statements made to the Warden by Sheri- dan cr others, or to rebut any portion of tho information o( tho Warden, and to render every satisfaction to jonr brother councillors on all matters connected with the CCSB mek Hoad. It ÍB my opinion that the Warden was determined to lollowiip the statements of the report upon tho mete word ot the person referred to, "I thnnld much like to know if tho following ia true, ns stated K tbc Vi arden, viz -Thot the bon the Minister for Lands had directed him to get up a report in writing, to forward tho same at an early date, and that not only would the Minister take active »ndteceunry measures with regard to It. but nlso that no respon ilblliiy should be placed cither upuu ac Warden or the coun «illori It really seems singular that tho Worden should find it J!t<«arj undtr legal adi ne to proceed to Sydnoy to consult with the Minister, and omit to bring tho subject before tho committee appointed 6v tho council of which I am a member for that nur j is. "From these |and other considerations, I feel dissatisfied with Ue course pursued by the Warden, and agree with the course you Ure taken, and your prompt and onergetio defence, on tho first opportunity afforded you of doing so, that thero IB nothing wroncr, aid that you arc able to justify tho expenditure of tho Cessnock iioad, and rebut the charges contained m the report referred to. " I am, &o;, " (Signed) WILLIAM KXATINO." ?R eil, there wcro loiters from tbo councillors and tho «porter <>f tho MmUand Mercury, and from tho secretary's Jelltr, all of which clearly show ed tho untruthf ulnosa of »le report sent in by the Warden Ho would now read tho «part of tho proceedings of tho Maitland District Council fndÄ.Bold M?«»«-Councillor Eckfo-d roso and Z «SBCnc8 of ««totuma to move, and intended to S« _ÄüonBÍP°n,tt «Port T ho Warden interrupted niiont« nf iv- TT lu vuuiiciuur .rscmora ir a CcHrA;?? ^"»»»'onors agreed to such a course. ttíhu7sír?íí?rd hld had Plentv of opportunities of CoScr VMV*?** °,f th0 comln'8"KmerB dosired to hoar Sed ,"dUoí,d A B°mû*h*t recriminatory debato 'ÏSM-A^.^,.T^ moved^'That a iMíialroMiT«».* ÏÏ l,y lU0 »YIlraen moven,--inat a tew ÍSF?f J,ho wlul«lbo ««lied for next Tuesday, lo mñ ^ ' F,0T«"" Eckford has to say, and III* ¡I t iT opportunity of moving tho ÍKCX th«, T"ihad n,?mod Councillor Bowden .»ainrndrl,?0'!0^ c Colulclll<* Eckford moved as ÛiroSlS t,~ .Tiiot h0 bo heard at once ' " The to \\_ k" \t r,DPE(at««l> «aid that ho (Mr. Eckford) wished ïïbhc ThS.S"1""' n?d not havo it brought bóforo the * m anr, «,, f PTc5à!?ea of the meeting not ehow that aCXof it^>*|««t«q«wy ' He would show by toa Z!f"thc W^n that it was ono of tho deepest' wS",ra» «» character of a publie man. There «"«theirtlioA Eci/0ld ffloveí, as an amendment, reply to.£.' one«, and proceeded in a long speech to * W-eii Miuñ AÎ» ^h0 Warden> ût a mooting of ».rtntad " Y",hf ?l£ }i.ltlmo Ho domed that tlw M»»ter for' r" 5° ,8tatcd thero' any a«*onty from tho "W «OTO-.. "»" Vo prTi° Bnch a report ns had beon d«BH rf^h. $°rt, mHod' notwithstanding tho dis ''.nd to anvrlardcn E*f*i)offi,,hffi,MIOnTc/' t0 doPma h"n (Councillor lh' In^hSFS?' _*_ tt8B0rt0d that th° bardon and «MIS i_T", «« lwS? lhe,mlm shend '«aÄÄ'110^ ih? V"*T emphatically hen _i7--Ucl1 *<** tto case, and said that ho had alw»v. w« «illin» (""."" mu mBB,< T eam that Ho ùad always "«* Roa? ££;. «ny explanations concerning tbo Cesa ^K at ^fttoî; >' Le hBd understood, when I'i!«t, Sat I ' mcotine. »t «Weh ho was C«W cato , v " WM t0 W"1"110 nimaelf to tho '?»«»J,.*_31(_l. . wai then under disoussion. ^ardmstat«, ?°*mcn wa»I'roughtagainatIsrael. The " «« Coori "i? '^«auw'l too rouit of ?hat took placo ¡.«»tel»? rT,.Ps"y,Scions; an;l he (Mr.Eckford) Ï *M a malt,, "Io- h.la icet> and s«'tl t)>t he presumed as H toteo cxniJ!, , h Cerned himself n/d tho Cessnock rS.,, 'aLrThD(i ,him t0 co°«no himi, "If entirely fe """.J6T!, md «"»Warden che'*T1 «M Kt*"rí» °rfl .Te <» ""> conclusion t.^ tho f H'iJ tw ï'^Sed »bo. ° R,T01"8 fttlloat explw.»" Wall)»waSI)repWea , tun " Ho found fault with tbo constitution of thy com- mittee of invcsliLiitlon, ind characterised ita acts as illegal, and he confined very severely the contluot »f those- coun- cillors who had Mgned tho report without further know- le deo than that afforded by tho tpse âixit of tho Wardon of tho truth of its contents Ho proceodod to comment upon tho report sent to tho Minister for Lands, and to deny or expluin tho statements it contained, and dcBirod to appeal from tho Council to the, district and the couutry, foranoiinionupontho rcclitndo of his conduct for tho past twenly J cars, and expressed his desire to ioavo an unstained namo to his children Coun- cillor Keating seconded tho amendment Councillor M'Mnhon ruovcd.-'That this debito be adjourned to tho next monthly meeting' This motion tho Warden seconded, and boing put, it was carnod. Tho renten tho meeting was adjourned waa because the Warden said ho had most important business totakohim to tbo Clarenco That was tho way in which tho discussion was burked on that occasion Wo shall now seo what the warden said -" Counnllor M'Mahon having waived his right of re-opening tho debato on this subjeot, tho Wardon dcBired to givo nn explanation m roforenco to tho charges which had been bruught against him at tho pro vionB n ccting, and which then took him altogether by lurpriso" No doubt it did tako tho gentleman hysar prifC, when ho saw tho manner in which ho (Mr. Eckford) handled tho gentleman's roport Thinking that tho Warden might make somo wrong charges against him, he got a number of tho most rcspectablo gentlomon in Maitland to attend the meeting The Warden spoke as follows -" He (tho Wurdenj had it on tho best authority, that Mr Eckford had said that ho (the Wardon) bud been transported for teven years for a foul crime ' Ho (Mr Lckford) never said anything cf tho kind. ihe Wareli n continued -" Ho (tho Warden) oould provo that Buch a statement was untrue Nor had ho combined with nny one to ti ko away Mr Eckford's liberty, but a document had been placed in his hand, which was a timo tablo, drawn up bj ono of tho men who hod worked upon that road, ho had got tho vouchers as quickly as ho could, and placed them side by side with tho tune-tablo, and ho did not find them ogrco -Iho Wardon hero went on to explain at great length circumBtunces which may bo briefly stated as follows -A man named Sheridan, omployed on tho Cess- nock lioad, had, it appeared, kept a table of tho working hom-B of himself and tho other men employed upon tho road, and of tho wages earned by them According to this table of Sheridan's, ho hsd not worked tho nnmbor of hours sit down in Councillor Eckford's vouchers, nor had ho received tho sums of monoy set against his namo, tho samo was also the caso (according to bhendan) with Doran, tho foreman, and other men employed upon tho road Further, it was stated by Sheridan thnt ho had to Bign vouchers in blank, and that they wcro afterwards ulled in by Councillor Eckford. Tho Warden went on -" Then thoro were on iho vouohers tho names of William Thomas, John Anderson, and Wil- liam Avery, who wcro represented to havo done certain work, und to have been paid certain sums of monoy for such work " Hon members would observo that ho had increased the number from one to four, but in tho distriot thoro was another mon, named Thorp, fiom whom tho stono waB obtained, which was handled by Shoridon. Thorp wno thought to bo dead, but ho was not At any rate, if ho was, ho (Mr. Eckford) got a lottor from his ghost yesterday. "Respecting these men, tho Warden tnid ho had madeovery inquiry, but he could not hear of their existence, nor of their having dono any such work SB set down " Ho (Mr. Eckford) had thoir vouchers-that of ThomaB, for £7 4s. 8d. , Thorp, £2 OB Gd. , Anderson, £7 4s , and Avery, £7 4s. " With regard to tho statement mado by Councillor Eckford that he had always been willing to givo every information, tho Worden argued that Buch willingness had not been shown, but that Councillor Lckford had endeavoured to shirk inquiry by preventing the committeo from acting." no (Mr Eckford) thought ho had shewn that ho almost went on bia knees to these pcoplo to givo all tho information thfy wanted. " H« accused Councillor Eckford of m cousittcnt conduct towards himself, in having oulogised him on tho occasun of hiB oppointuient ua Warien, wbilo (us he had staled) ho had uestrtcd his (the. Warden's) un litness to bo a magistrate only a few months previously " Ho (Mr Eckford) thought this was the deep thorn of tho whole trans-action It was a fast that when profsed ly Mr Cowper for bis opinion, ho did say that he believed this poison to bo an honest, straightforward man, but unfit to bo placed on the commission of tho pence, nlthough irobably a few years training and mixing in society might Lt x i"i for it He had then a high opinmn of Mr fccholcy's honesty and truthfulnose, but he ri L,rettcd that ho could not say tbo eamo now. Tho bon member quoted further from tho report, commenting on it te mt nee by sentence Ho was informed thut the bon member for tho Lower Hunter was going to ask certain questions when the main roads vote was under discussion , and ho sent down a statement of facts to tho Minister, and his reply WBB preparatory to that discussion -" When his (tho warden's) friend OFks his ejuestions in Parliament respecting tho Ccssnoek Road, thero would be documents there that would confront him, and confront the Warden too Ihe Warden's duty was to have como to him and put his questions fairly, instand of which ho had questioned Doran, and hod questioned him falsely." Tho Warden slunk away, and, what was more, told other members of tbo ceuncil that councillor Eckford knew that ho (Mr. Eckford) waa guilty of something wrong, and followed him , and when ho (Mr Eckford) kept out of Ina way ho said that was also because he knew ho was guilty. Ho (Mr Eckford) said, " Do what you like, I caro not for any of you " Ho never told tho Warden that Doran would bo over on a certain day, although tho Warden said ho did, for Down's wife and child were Bick at the time. "With ro ftrtuco to tho opposition tohim of Councillor Bowden, he at- tributed that to some expressions ho had used lespecting that councillor on a provioua occasion." Now Bowden was o lay or local preaohcr, and in a rather warm discussion he (Mr Ecklord) could not help telling him thero was a great deal of sanctimonious hypocrisy about him. Indeed tho Warden dis- tinctly stated that Bowden had purloined publio doouments from the Council oflico Tho wholo of tho proceedings in Iho present matter ho (Councillor Eckford) said were ille- gal and unwarrantable from the beginning The charter said that tho Wanlen was to keep a book m which to record tho proceedings cf tho body, It did not say that tho M arden and Councillor Bowden wcro to go to a lawyer's aud cut and dry a report to be submitted to and signea by a bodj of men who knew nothing about what they were putting their nemo to, 2 i.h proceedings ho oonniderod wero a disgrace to tho district Tho clause ho roferred to in tho charter said that tbico members must bs proBont to couslilute n quorum , he would ask if that report was over adoptee! at ameelmg of tho committeo appointed to inquire into tho Cessnock Road matters, if not tho Act was violated, and it was n caso of treachery, lovolled ogainBt himself Referring to a remark of tho Warden ho (Councillor Eckford) maintained that thero lind Leen moro litigation during the time of Iho present Warden, than in tho times of all tho previous Wnrdcns put together. He denied that the Warden had any right upon hia road, as atatod in the re- port , it was not so m Iho minutes, or, if it was so, it waa a forgery. As regards tho statement that certain parties had signed vouchers in blank, he would swear that it was not so Ho would place those vouchers before nny threo disin tcioptedpnilies, and ask them whether they were not filled in and signed at the samo lime, and with tho same pen and ink, And ho would ask, were tho members of that Council to act in collusion with workmen upon the roads ? If tho Warden hod had any doubts, waB it not hiB duty to havo como to him (Councillor Eckford) before ho took thu cowardly and unfeolmg act that ho did ? Tho Warden had stated that ho went out ono morning to see that road, but ho had not stated all-ho did not say that it was a plotted affair between him and Sheridan The Warden had spoken of people at hiB (Councillor Eckford's) house on a certain night Ho gavo that statement a flat denial, thoro wcro not two strange men at his house that night, or ho would never havo gono out and loft the place in charge of a woman servant Tho mcoting that tho Warden had, by telegram, desired tbo eecrotary to call was illegal, and tho proceedinga then transacted wore illegal, aa there ought to havo been ten day a' notice given in tho Gcitrnment Qautte, which was not dono. It was a deop laid scheme to keep him from rarhamont when Mr Parkes' voto of eenBuro waa to como on, and that report would never havo been brought up but thal tho Wurdon bad thought that hie friend Mr Parkes would have gone in Ho was told bj tho Warden, "You're all frightened of Parkes-it's lucky for you Parkes lan't in" His (Mr Eck ford's) answer was thut ho acted for noithor him nor Mr. Parkos, nor any body olse. As regards tho man Israel, ho (Councillor Eokford) oould not swoar to that part of his accounts which roferred to tho timo when ho was in Sydney, but ho oould to all tho rest. Ho admitted that ho had been the moans in Mr Cowper'n timo of ki oping the Wardon off tho Commission of tho Peace, as, nlthough ho then considered hita üt to bo Warden, ho did not behev o him to bo ht for a Justice of tho Peace It was true ho had done so f " Tho speaker thon roferred to the proceedings connected with tho production of tho report which had been sent down to Government, and said ho had Mr ForBtor's word for it that no instructions were given to tho Warden about tho drawing up of tho report ] As regarda Shondan, if ho had been doing his own work, how could ho know what mon were at work further along tho road ? The Warden bad contradicted himself with reference to tho timo when tho men wont to work Other stafemenfe of the Warden, with reaped to the workmen, he (Councillor Eckford) denied. The present discussion was irrelevant from beginning to ona. He had moved the foregoing Berios of resolutions in ordor to show (ho Government the state of corrup- tion into which tho Diatrict Council had fallon" He had done all in hia power to get thia District Council dissolved, ns no Institution in tho country had fallon into such a stato of corruption " Jt waa his intention to follow up thoBo resolutions to tho fullest oxtont, and tho reputa- tions of (ho Warden and himself were staked upon the ovent " Ho had challenged tho Wardon in overy way possible, and told him that ho staked his reputation upon tho event, and the Wardon knew it was coming before Parliament. " Ho ropcated that the vouchera ho handed m were strictly «orrtct, and tho monoy was duly paid ovor to tho parties whoso namoetood against it. The rep-rt, ho said, was altogether falso, and by that time tho Secretary for Lends was fully satisfied that it was so. Tho report had been adopted illegally and unjustifiably, but ho hod answered if, and his answer was at that moment in tho hands of tho Government. Ko had sent a truoBtutoinent, and ho had requested tho Governmont to plnco his statement befort> Parliament when (ho Waidcn'B friend should nsk Ins questions " Tho Minister for Lands would boar him out, that ho re- quested him to lay his statement before Parliament. Ho bud bei n before' tho public for twenty years, and he ap- pealed to his conduct duri-p that period M Ja reply to the foul nspersiuiiB that had been oast nguinst him Ho hal now rhown pretty clearly tho malpraoticoa carried on in that District Council Ho hnd aeked over and over again that tho fullest investigation should bo modo into his con- duct m this matter, but ho trusted no committee of thiB House would proceed to inquire into it until tho Supremo Court had tloalt with it, as ho could not attend to tho matter if it was boforo both at tho same time Bendee, if it were brought beforo Parliament «rat, it might damage bim in tbo estimation of judge and jury As a reply to a statcmont by tho hon membor for West Maitland, ho read somo remarks upon his (Mr. , Eckford's) character at tho declaration of tho poll Ho again repeated ho courted the strictest inquiry into his oenduct, but ho thought tho committeo should investigate the wholo of this council's affairs for tho last two years Ho hnd tho statements of othor ooiinoillora to put against , tho statement of this man Sheridan-tho Warden had novcr made any direct Statement,-and ho would read theso dcclarationsto thoHouso, but his legal advisor had told him not to do BO on nny account. Ho wished for tho fullest in- vestigation, and when tho proper timo carno ho should bo ablo to put tho saddle on tho right horso. Ho hoped the committee would not Bit while the onso wos pending m the Supreme Court, as ho could not attend hore and at Mait- land at the samo time. Mr WILSON regrottcd exceedingly that tho hon member for the Wollombi, in tbo address of throo hours in length which ho had given to tho Hou«o, hnd not addressed himself mora to the subject of his speech, rather than utter a tissuo of abuso of othor people. He had no wish to follow tho bon member. It would bo impossible for him, with his slight knowlodgo of tho subject, to follow tho bon membor, but ho wished to draw tho attention of tho HOUBO to ono or two points in connection v. ith this caso In tho first placo, tho hon mem- ber hnd accused bim of indecent haste in this matter. Ho hnd already explained, and ho would again explain, that last scBBion he iiad been requested to tako action in this matter, and that he had doclined to do so, fooling that tho Government should take action, and thinking the hon men her would net allow such a length of timo to elapso with thcEO accusations hanging over his head Theso accusations had been known to the hon. member sinco tho month of December last nt lonBt Tho bon member then know ho was accused of producing vouchers from dead men That was a Eonous charge, and tint chargo tho bon. member had never once alluded to except when ho said ho bad found ono ghost, and could find another. That wos the only allusion tho hon member had made to the serious chargo against him. The hon. mem- ber had stated something with regard to a man now no moro-Mr Samuel Wallis. Tho charges against Wallis and Scholey had been inquired into and found to bo more irregularities. This Mr. Samuel Wallis was dying of con- sumption, and iwith tho sanction of tho council was OBsiBtcd by his brother, though ho signed all tho vouchers and did all the business connected with money matters Tho bon. member had given UB a good many extracte from the books of tho Maitland District Council, but had only quoted such portions as suited him. He (Mr Wilson) hod also «omo extracts from those books, which ho would read, to show that this committeo was appointed by the council, and that tho report was tho report of tho committee and not of Mr Thompson. It ?bowed that tho member must, in Nove mber, have beon at least awaro of tho charges against bim. The first extract was dated 2nd November, 1868, "Extracts from the Minute Book Of tb.3 ^iüi, DiltriCt Council . " November 2. 1868 -Mr Noble proposed *Tlmt tho following commissioners be appointed a committee to investigate the ex- penditure of the grant road- Maitland to CCBsnoox-and tako suth steps as they may deem advisable in reference thereto - Messrs Bowden, Keating, and the Warden,' Motion Bec ended bv Mr M'Mahon, and carried "November 17, 1868-Report of Cessnock Road Committee The Warden then proceeded to state that he went to Bishop's Bridge on TufBday October 6, and saw a large quantity of stone across tke road He remonstrated with the mcp. for thus placing them, and the same day men ioned the mutter to Mr Lckford " Ou Monday, 12th, he aEain went out, nnd arrived there at Cam Saw none of the workmen but Sheridan, and asked him if that was the UEUUI time of going to work ' " Moylan and Hennessy arrived al 7 10. A«ked Sheridan if Doran the overseer had come! He replied, No "Asked, where waa the carter 1 Moy lun replied be was not going to work until Wednesday " Mr Eckford culled al the office ns u'unl for hu payment hut he declined puyn g until all the men were present, suspecting something was wronrr as to the time the men had been working ' On the moiton of Mr M Mahon, seconded by Mr Noble, it was unanimously resolved -' That the report of Messrs facholcy, Bowden, nd Keating, as just read be adopted ' "Dccin-bcr 9, 1808 -lie i ort of Cessnock Road Cemmittec The Warden reported that he had been to t-ydncy, and hid ecen the heads of ihe various depur ments, who advised him to for- ward a complete .review of the whole case to the Land's depart- ment oflice .' Mr. It W Thompson, solicitor, had prepared the neocsarv document, which hv. now submitted, and nioied,-'That the report embodied in such document be adopted,' Tour votes Curried " Mr Keating moTtd, as an amendment -' That it bo deferred nntil mxt meeting, and that Mr, Lcktord be called upon to explain the particulars in the case ' "Mr M'Mahon considered that, as Mr Eckford was absent, and might bo present next meeting, seconded the nmendineut Two votes, " Mr. Bowden was strongly of opinion that an attempt had been made to defraud the TruBt, and wa« very desirous that the whole matter should be placed before the Lands Department at the carlitst period possible. " Mr. Noble stated that a person (Mr. J. J. Riley) had been te Mount Vincent, and informed him that it had been communicated te Mr Eckford hy two commissioners lhat be had defrauded the Trust of u large sum of money, and wiBhcd bim to wait upon Mr, Eckford prcvioua to going te tne meeting " " December 16,18C8 -Report on Cessnock Road The Warden explained that ho WEB desirous of having the minutes and the report correspond-in fact, to have the report embodied in tho minutcB-und consequently delayed the matter to have them sanctioned by the Council. No unnecessary delay bad boen occa- sioned , he had been at great trouble in ascertaining true par- ticulars in reference to the cnee Be had made inquines as far as Cessnock, and could not find such a person as William Thomas, no one having any knowledge of such a person. Such inform- ation could not be obtained in a shcrt ttmo "Mr Bowman moved ns an amendment (Mr Keating having previously moved,-' Thnt the report be forwarded to theMinietcr for Lands, immediately,' whioh was seconded by Mr. M'Mahou), -' that the Warden's explanation be accepted ' "Mr, Nohlosaid he thought the Warden had lost no time in arranging the report Ile aise stated that Mr Eckford had in- formed him that Mr Keating told him (Mr. Eckford) that the W arden accused him of defrauding the Trust, lie relieved Mr. M Mahon of all blumo in the matter, and further stated that Mr Fckford had signified Ma intention of absenting himself from tho meeting for three sittings, lie would scoond Mr. Bowden s amendment ' for the amendment-Messrs Bowden, Noble, O'Brien, and M'Mahon, 4 votes. " lor the resolution-Mr Keating, 1 vote " Mr, Bowdin'B amendment waa curried " All that wo wanted to find out was, if theso men-Thomas, Avery, and Anderson- ever extsted The next extract which he should read from thcBa minutes showed that the bon member for Wollombi, when ha rose as a commis- sioner und mcmbei of tho District Council to mako an explanation, be never attempted to explain, but did then ns ho had done to night-sot to work and abuse tho other eldo 1 January 10,1869 - Proposed by the Warden, nnd Boionded by Mr Bowden,-'Th.it a special meeting bo called for this day wtik, January 26, in order to give Mr Lckford nn opportunity of proposing a series of resolutions, which ho wished te bring ouforc tho Trust' Mr Lckford moved as an amendment,-'That he be heard ut once,' und entered into explanation of matters ia refe- rence to Cessnock Road grant, during which ho said ho would embrace the opportunity of characterising and unveiling Sheridan as the greatest scoundrel that ever trod Ia the ooursu of his remark« Mr Eckford contradicted tho statement of Mr Noble to the (fleet that Mr Eckford would bo absent for threo meetings, and that Mr Noblo would refrain from attending. What ho wished waB that Mr. Noblo would remain away from one par- ticular meeting, or voto in favour of a postponement, so that the meeting would thereby lapse, and givo Mr Eckford nn oppor- tunity of being present nt the next me"ting, ho hnving to go to Sydney on the occasion of the meeting from wblch ho wished Mr. Noble to absent himself. "Mr Noble explained that Mr Eokford was In error aa to tho meeting referred to. It was the meeting Mr Mullen adv ned him not to attend. "Arter a lengthy statement by Mr. Eckford, the amendment was seconded by Mr Keating. "Mr M'Mahon moved,-'That tho debate on this matter be postponed until this day fortnight, February Î.' "Not seconded. "Mr. M'Mahon moved,-'That it ho deferred until next monthly meeting, February 16, aad the meeting commence at 2 o'clock. "Sioondcd by tho Warden, and carried-S to 2 " Hon membcra would seo that the only thing in the way of explanation had reference to attendanco at the meeting, and Mr Eckford's attack upon tbo man Sheridan. There was nothing to Ehcw that such men as Thomas, Avery, or Anderson ev cr exiBtcd. To show that this matter had not been allowed to drop ho would read to tho House tho last îeport cent by tho Warden to tho Governmont, ' and this report roferrid to a previous roport which had been Bont to tho Minister for Lands, of which wo had as yot hoard nothing " West Maitland, 30th September, 1S6D " Sir,-Vi 1th reference to mv former report on the subj ot of the appropriation of the cum of three hunured and fifty pounds placed to the credit ol tho Muitland District Council, in tho Baili or New Sonth Wales, to be exp nded on that portion of the Wollombi Hoad lying between Mnitland and Ccasnook, Inowdomvs If the honour to report further, that I havo made inquiiha person- ally from a great number of people who were ablo io give mo in- formation on the sulject of the names, business, and residences of persons living in the district of Wollombi, particularly in 'ho neighbourhood of Cessnock as well as the Wollombi Hoad, en this side of Cessnock, and in the neighbouring districts of Mount Vincent and Blnck Creek, which inquiries have extended from February last to the presrnt time , and that I havo alao cau»c I similar Inquires to he made by others, with tho vi»w of ascer- taining whether suoh persons as William Thomas (a marksman), William Avery (a marksman), and John Anderson, mentioned in my previous report na having been paid certain amounts for work alleged to Ve d Wollombi road, Buch payments being mado by Mr Joseph Eckford, did wer* OB was alleged on thal portion of tho road h - tween Bishop's Bridge and Cessnock, at or about tho time mentioned in the vouchers, or whether, in fact, there wero any person« of those names und answering the descriptions given, in those districts "The result of these inquires is, thnt thero were not, nter about the time «tatcd in the abstracts and vouchers, any men of the names of William Thomas, William Avery, and John Ander- son, nt work on tho before mentioned road, nor were there at that time nor for some timo before, nor since that time, any men of that description or of those namcB residing in the before mentioned district " That report entiroly referred to o report which had boon mado previouBly. Mr FORSTER I Bay no. It is a new thing Mr. WILSON W hen the papers wera produced it would tako the bon, member something to do to shew that it was a new thing. Tbo report was about tho threo men respect- ing whom he mndo the motion. It waa a corroboraron of the statement which hud been made, and an intimation to the MiniBtcr that further stops hail been takon to try and discover whether theeo men existed and whether tbo woik bad been dono. Ho wished to driw tho attention] of tho hon, memb»r for the Wollombi that that ï, vins tho chargo nbout whioh wo wanted nonio explanation. Wo wanted bim to show that thteo men did oxist, that they did tho work, and that it was to them thst tho money was paid. Thero waa only ono other point that ho need refer to. Mr. Eckford «aid that this motion had boen made to damage him before toe Judgo and jury; but tho fact was that ho (Mr. Wilson) was asked to brine forward tho matter last session, and he then promised that if the Government did not deal with it during the recess, ho would bring it boforp tho Houso on tho reassembling of ParUament. It waa in fulfilment of that promiso that ho mado tho motion, and without any refcrcnoo to proceedings clsowhore. With regard to tho request made by tho hon. member as to when this com- mittee Bhould commence its datios, he oould not soo that there was any impropriety in carrying on thia investigation before tho COBO to which tho hon. member roforrod was decided. The two things woro ontiroly difforcnt. It might be made a reason for tho postponement of tho committee s investigation if Mr. Eckford? were to bring on action ngainBt tho Warden, but that Mr. JSokford had not done. Tho aotion ponding was brought by tho Warden against Mr. Eckford and was for elandcr slono. Ho certainly had no wish to bo a member of the committco, or to havo anything to do with tho investigation ; but if ho woro a member of tho committeo ho would not bo ft party to going on with tho investigation in Mr. Eokford's absence at tho hoaring of the coso against him at Maitland. Mr. FORSTER joined with tho hon. mombor m re erctting a good deal that had been said by the hon. mern bei for tho Wollombi, and ho thought that it would havo been better if tho diBCUssion had been deferred until Friday, when it! would not havo interfered with Government busi- ness. He could not wonder, bowover, that tho hon. morn ber for tho Wollombi should bring tho matter forward as soon as possible, in order to clear his character. Ho did not wonder at the hon. gentleman's warmth, nor athiB having entered upon a great number of topics, tho ro levancy of which ho could seo better than any hon. mombor. With regard tho hon. momber for Patrick's Plain», ho muBt toy that that hon. gentleman had gone into parti- culars which ho would havo dono well to avoid if ho desired to occupy an impartial position before tho publio in tho investigation of this matter. The bon. member desired to have tho question investigated beforo a Select Com- mittee, but why did ho not wait for that committeo ? It ill becamo tho hon. gentleman who had put himself in tho position of a judgo to BOW bring forward charges which ho had no hesitation in soying wero calculated to givo on ontirely now complexion to the matter. Tho report which tho hon. member had read reached him to-day or yesterday. It was written by a gentleman who was tho accuser of Mr, Eckferd-a gentleman who was evidently acting in con- cert with the bon, member for Patrick's PlainB ; but ho could not seo hew tho writer could corroborate himself. It simply showed that tho bon. member for Patrick's Plains and Mr. Scholey had arranged the plan of attack, and were playing into each other's hands. This com- plicity between them put tia hon. momber in the position of on advocate instead of that of a judgo. This was tho first timo he over hoard of tho oxietenoe of these three individuals being denied. Thomas's existent» was denied, he know. Ho was speaking from recollection, and if hiB recollection Bcrved him rightly, ho felt littlo hesitation in saying that no chargo waa mado in the pre- vious correspondence implying tho non-existence of the other two mea. Anderson and Avery. That was a now (¡barge altogether, and seemed to have been put forward after ibu debate had token placo. And, thorefore, he was justified in eaying that Scholey'a lettorwas not altogether a mero repetition of previous charges. Although ho did not blamo Scholoy for bringing forward now charges, it would have been better iii no now matter or ovidenco had been brought forward criminating tho hon. momber for Wollombi. They had further evidence brought forward by the hon. member for Patrick's Plains, It did not, bo thought, come vvoll from that hon, membor to bring for- ward extracts from proceedings of tho Maitland District Council, with a view to produce o stronger impression against tho hon. member for Wollombi. However, ho rose principally to set himself right with the hon. member for Wollombi". Ho stood in tho unfortunate position of boing accused on both sides. That, to n certain extent, was a testimony of his impartiality. Whatever opinions he might entertain with regard to the hon. member for Wol- lombi - of his integrity and honesty, founded upon personal knowledge, ho had to judgo of this cnao from tho papers in his possession, Ile was opt io bo iniBreportcd by the Press. Ho did not accuse the reportéis of intentional misrepresentation ; but it often happened that in the process of reporting tho roporter failed to tatch the nico Ehadcs of expression-failed to convoy exactly the menning ho intended. If it had been reported in the newspapers that ho bad eaid that the explanation of the bon. member for tho Wollombi was not satisfactory with his truthfulness, bo certainly had been misroported. AB far ns be could recollect, ho said something of this kind -that bo was not able to state from the papers beforo him, or from the inquiiy he had boen able to make, that the bon. member for the Wollombi had not cleared himBolf entirely from the charges. If that bon. member would inquire from his friends what ho (Mr. Forster) had said of him behind hiB back, ho would find that he had spoken of him in much moro favourable termB than what he had boen reported to havo said in tho nowspopore. Tho bon. member for Wollombi bad also found fault with him for not pushing the caso on moro rapidly ; and ho had been found fault with on the other Bide for tho samo reason. The hon. membor was quito right in calling him (Mr. Forater) to witness that ho had always expressed a desire to have the matter inquired into. Hut ho had found an old minute of his, written in February, ordering tho preparation of the papers to bo laid before the Assembly. Tho bon. member ought to have consideied tho circumstances which inevitably lod to a delay of tho question. He mfght say that when Mr. Scholey carne to him to mako these charges, ho (Mr. Forster) simply told him that ho muBt put his accusations in writing. He gavo Mr. Scholey no instructions; nor hod had he any recollection of having advised bim to employ an attornoy. He told Mr. Scholey nothing more than that bo must put his charges in writing. After ihat a most extraordinary oircumstanoe took place. He did not know whether it was n few weeks or a month after. Tho report carno up, but it had no sig- nature, and it had|to bo sent back to bo signed. After that it had to como back into his own .hands for him to make com- ments on. Ho then found himself involved in a very long correspondence. After that had taken place, and after ho had submitted tho matter to tho Cabinet, who concurred in ull that ho did, it becamo necessary to havo tho statement of accounts verified in tho Treasury, lhere were a number oí vouchers, as to the authenticity of which ho could form no opinion. Ho felt-and tho Government also felt-that that was the great difficulty in tho case. What delayed thopaperB at tho Trea- sury he did not know ; but when tho matter carno beforo the Houso the other day, the pnpvrs had not boen returned to bim from tho Treasury, with verification. Although ho did not pretend to say that ho was particularly anxious to get the papers back-because ho believed that it was a oiso which no Government could unravel-ho certainly did nothing to COUBO delay. He thought tho bon. member far the Wollombi had somewhat unfairly blamed htm for not having taken up his case moro warmly. It appearod that tho matter had been dealt with under soma pslitical feeling in tho Maitland District Council; but ho (Mr. Forster) Bhould di vi st himself of any Buch feeling in coming to a determination of tho cnao. If tho proceedings of tho Maitland Dibtrict Council had been as irrcgulav as tho bon. member for^ Wollombi bad said thoy woro, ho did not think tho House would be doing any harm if it aboliflhod that body, (Hear, hear.) Mr. SAMUEL said that perhaps it would bo thought desirable that bo should offer such explanation as he oould, in ref crenco to the delay said to havo beon c lused by tho Treasury. The matter had not oomo beforo him in any shape. On referring to tho Under-Secretory of tho Trea- sury, Mr. Lane, he found that tho papers wera sent to the Treasury in Juno for verification, and that the papers had then been sent to tho accountant. On learning that, he at once inquired of Mr. Lino why no aotion had been taken in regard to tho case; and Mr. Lune excused bimeolf by saying that groat preas of business had prevented his attending to it-that it had escaped his notice. If he (Mr. Samuel) had known that the matter WBB coming b fore tha Houso that afternoon, ho would have obtained eomo memoranda from Mr. Lano. Tho papers wero never, in point ef fact, referred to him, nnd ho had thereforo related all that ho knew of the matter. Mr. BURNS thought the moving the adjournment of tho i Houso was a very ill- advisod proceeding, because another debate would most probably toke placo on the motion for the appointment of a select committee on Friday next, and it would not be competent for the Ilouao to rofcr to the debato which had just taken plaoo. Tho moro ho had heard with regard to tho matter, the moro ho was convinced that if tho bon. Secretary for Lands had don9 his duty the Houso would never havo beard anything about it-tho hon. member for Wollombi and Mr. Scholoy would havo been left to eettle their differences elsewhere. It appoarod to bim that, from tho statements which had been made and tho documents which bad been read, the charges pre- ferred by tho Wurden against the hon. momber for Wol- lombi wera very clear and concise. As to tho statement juät made by tho hon. Minister for Lands, ovory hon. member would agree with him (Mr. Burns) in saying that the hon. Minister for Lands did Btato in that House that the expla- nation mado by Mr. Eckford was not satisfactory to him. He thought the hon. member for Wollombi would bo for- tunate if a select committco wore appointed to investigate the charge. Mr. ECKFORD replied, contending that he had given the fullest explanation in the District Council Chamber, and bud Btatcd ho waa prepared to rebut all tho charges brought against him ; but ho was not going to play into the hands of tho enemy during the progress of a trial now pending at Maitland. He had ne objection to tho appointmont of this committee, but he thought it ought not to proceed in his absence, and it would bo necessary for him to ha present during the trial in Maitland. Thero was a majority in tho Council condemning the conduct of the Wardon. Ho afllrmod that when tho obstracta wero brought to light thoy would bo found to bo tho only oorroct abstracts which had oomo from the Maitland Distriot Council for tho last eighteen months. ° The motion to adjourn was put and negatived. -,T o»r,""B,°,UTH COAST ROAD. Air. GARRLH moved, as n formal motion.- there bo laid upon the table of this How*, n return of all coi respondtneo between the Government nnd others relativo to tho alteration in the composition of tho trusteoo for the expenditure of tho monoy granted for tho improvoment of Ibu road from Terara to tho South Coast Road, Shoal- haven." ' The motion was agreed to. ELECTIONS COMMITTEE. Mr. Piddington, Mr, Hart, end Mr. Gordon wero sworn ae members of (1 o Committeo of Bltotions and Quahfloi ELECTORAL REPRESENTATION. Mr. BOBERIBON obtained leavo to bring in a bill to amend the electoral representation, and to short n tho dumtion of future Parliaments. Tho bill was brought up and read a first time. It was ordered that it I o printed, and thatits second reading should stand an order for this day week. PETlllON Mr. HART presented a petition from Mr R H. Roberts and others, devisees in trust under tho will of too late Mr. Joseph Roberts, lato of Concord, for the purpose of enab- ling them to disposo of properties and appropriate the proceeds Petition rrccivrd GUNPOWDLK EXPORT REGULATION BILL. On the motion ef Mr SAMUEL, tho Honso, ra Com- mitteo of the Whole, agreed to tho expedienoy of intro- ducing this bill, which was sinsilar to that formerly in exist- ence, and which had expired in 18G8 Tho resolution was reported to tho House, and adopted. Tbo bill waa brought up, read a first time, and tho second reading fixed an order of tho day for to-morrow. CEMETERIES' REGULATION BILL. Tho Houso went into committeo of tho whulo to consider (he propriety of introducing this bill. On the motion of Mr I ORSILR, it was agrcod as ex- pedient to introduce tho bill Ho explainod that tho objeot waa to appoint a body of truBtceB by tho Government in place of thoeo by religious bodies, Tho resolution was reported to the Houso and adopted, '1 he bill was breught in, road a first time, and tho second reading fixed an order of tbo day for Friday next GOND1110NAL PbRCHASEKb' PRELEASE DECLARATORY BILL Mr FORS1ER, m moving the seoond reading of this bill, said it had been corrcctlj stated that tho moasuro m fcubstnnco was similar to tbo ono introduced laBt session It involved no important principio or organic change of any kind, but ii was an evidence of tho willingness of the Colonial Secretary to admit that tho lows to whioh ho attached so much importance wero not so perfect BB not to bo improvable by amendment The time, ho thought, had, m his opinion, not arrived when any organic e hanges could probably bo lnado in those laws For his own part, ho did not conceal hw opinion that thoy wcro not perfect, but ho questioned tho desirability of in- troducing any important changes in them in tho present Parliament. This v, as a bill which had boon admitted both by this HeuBO and tho other Houso of Legislature to be necessary m order to regulate the operation of the Crown Lands' Alienation Aot of 18fcl. Ho was of opinion, and had always held it, (hat an error was committed in legislating upon this question of grazing rights But the Colonial Secreiary waa not the person to bo blamed for that species of legislation, as it had been commenced by the Imperial Government, who, with a viow to encourage the salo of land, attached to it certain privi- leges over (ho possession of adjacent lands. Out of this regulation arose this right of pre-emption or of pro-leaso. Under the Crown Lands' Alienation Act and Crown Lands' Occupation Act this right of pre-leaso was provided, for in a certain way. Tho freeholders and conditional pur- chasers were allowed right« of preleaao, and an attempt was mado to secure to them thoBO rights. Ho thought it would have been well if the Legislature of tho day had avoided touching (ho subject. It waa an attempt which ho thought must always end in failure. It created a certain vested right m lands in tho freeholders of the country, while at the samo limo tho Gover__iont, who wero m posECEBion of these landB, held them by indefinite tenure, and might be called npon to sell them at any time. But tho thine; was done, and both tho Acts to which be referred hod given certain rights to new purchasers over the adjacent Crown lands of tho country The Land Act went no further than to allow tbecolights, it uitcnded that freeholders and conditional purchasers should cr joy them. Of ctmree the pre-leaso was not treasured, tho holding waa calculated from tho quantttv of land unsold m the neighbourhood In regard lo If ntU held under pastoral lease, no great difficulty could aneo tecausu tho louguugo of tho Act was very pease, and no claims could como in conflict The law vvus «lent as to the modo m which the Icaso was to be determined as ) ctween (he lir^cs, and great difficulties bad misen m determining thin qi ostien It would seem that the j nor right should obtain m most cases. Ho dil not ECC tho slightest reason for {,1V ng the condition ii pure h" Et r any nd,sntago over the freeholder But though Lo was rerfcctly willing to allow the freeholder tho samo tightB at thcccnditi nul purcha«cr over adj icent lands, ho did not thtnk the House would go tho length of giving tho freeholder any j referen co whatever. Wo found tho two parties m nn equal position as regarded tho lands adjacent Then anne the question bow (o determine tbo oonllict ot rights between them ? A freeholder could lease three times the la~d ho held, and if a conditional purcb isor took up n portion of his pre-emptivo right, that conditional purchaser at onco occupied tho lund ho pur- chased, and was entitled to havo three times the area of hisrurchuEO as a pro-lease It did appoar an injustice to take the land away from the old purchaser and givo it to (ho new, but, at tho Eamo time, if that wero not dono tho law would be ineffective. The prior purchaser was in possession of what his rights entitled him to-that was, three times his freehold , and if we took from htm to gtvo to another, wo did an injustice. He believed the practico of tho department had been to allot tho lands between the parties proportionately, to tho extent of tho land purchased by each Of late, tho pro-lessees seemed to have bocomo moro alive to thur claims, and conflicts between them wera becoming moro frequent and difficult to sotllo. Tako the cn ED of a person poBccsEing 5000 acres in freehold Ho held 15,000 acres by way of prc-lease. If a new purchaser to the extent of forty or oighty acres purchased a portion of his pre-leaso, tho ex- tent was so small that, in a great number of cases, the transfer was made without complaint But it scorned to him it muet bo admitted that if the prior purchaser insisted upon his rights, upon being dealt with upon tho samo principles as were applied to other purchasers and free- holders, it was difficult to eoe why any portion of his 15,000 ocies should be taken from him te benefit tho holder of forty or eighty acres. But, on the other hand, if each was entitled to some portion of the adjacent lands, a propor- tionate distribution did not Beem to- bo so inequitable. If (ho 16,000 acreB were divided proportionately botween tho two thero would be no want of equitv. That had beon tho practice in tho deportment, and this bill provided that such a distribution should be mado. Then provision was made for arbitration. It did appear to him dcsirablo to loy down a principio and to look at the objections raised in this matter. It was mid that no mode would be practicable without a provision being made for fencing. Ho admitted that tho quostion of fencing must Boonba dealt with m a moro comprehensivo manner than hitherto, but be still hold the same opinions upon the sulject as ho did when his hon friend (Mr. Robertson) introduced hia bill to make fenoing oompulsory. Ho did not vote against that bill because it was an m frngement on tbo rights of tho squatters. It seemed to him tho fata) objection was that, so long us these grazing rights wcro albwed to exist, it would be impossible to carry out a BJ stem of fencing. A man would bo com- pelled, if ho fenced his holding, to fonco his grazing right too, and upon that another purchaser miL,ht select who would also havo his grazing right, which would also havo to be fenced It would bo lmpossiblo to declaro what land should bo fenced. It seemed to him that tho difficulty was inBU perab e under tho present system of grazing rights, and ho believed it would still be insuperablo until a total alteration of the law would enable tho ejBtcm to bo satisfactorily diEpoBed of. ThiB bill did not go so far as tnat. It was nn imperfect attempt to deal with Lite matter, and it would save a vast deal of expense to tho country and trouble to the Department of Lands, because it would not bo denied that a great mary disputes would bo settled by agreement between the parties. In most cases the parties would agree, in some caBes they would not, and then tho disputes would go to arbitration, and of courso thoro would bo a email residuum which could] notjbe satis- fied. The arbitration was purposely mado difficult, m order that parties would bo Blow to resort to it. This bill had been already a long timo before tho pubho, tho principles of it wero tolerably well understood, and had, m fact, already received the asBcnt of both Houses. Ho hoped, therefore, (hat the Houso would now BOO fit to pass the second reading of the bill. Sir JAME8 MARTIN said that this bill proposed to deal with a description of lease which it appoored to htm at this moment to bo unknown to the law. Ho did not know what a " pro-lease " wns. Iho word did not occur in (he present land laws, and no c-plnnatton of it waB given , m the interpretation clauso of this bill. There ware several clauses in the bon member's great code whioh spoke of pre- ] emptivo leases, but what w13 a pro-leaso ? It struck him that this bill did not go far enough. It dealt with certain (binga which it appeared to him were already dealt with in pretty much (ho same mode as it was proposed io doal with them by this bill. Tho Becond clause was unnecessary, in- asmuch as (ho law WBB to that effect already. [Tho hon. and lenrned member quoted Beclions 6, 16, and l8 of tho Crown Lands' Occupation A»t, to show that tho right pro- posed to bo conferred under clauso 2 of tho bill already ox fsttd ] Tho third clauso of tho bill was vory incorroot, and was ono to which we ought not to give our assent in IIB prcEont form It read as follows -" In the event of any lund to which any freeholder or conditional purchaser may bo entitled ia virtue of his freohold or conditional purchase being hold by any otherperBon under pastoral lease, Buch freeholder or conditional purchaser may givo notioo in writing to such pastoral Icasoholder or his agent, superin- tendent, cr overseer of the position of tho land intended to be leased by him and of the marks showing tho boundaries thereof, and thenceforth euch land may be taken under pre-lcBFo nnd shall bo held to havo boen withdrawn from the pastoral tenant under tho land law, and all tho rights of such pastoral leaseholder shall ccaso and determino so for BS thej reíalo (0 Buch land, and the land shall beheld to bo duly leased to such freeholder or conditional pnrchasor. Provided that if nny such pnBtoral leaseholder, his agent, superintendent, or overseer, object to any such freeholder or conditional purchaser's choice of land BO taken possession ef, and that euch freeholder or conditional purchaser and pastoral lonseholdei cannot agree ne to a fal' selection of land io bo held under pre lease, then tho mattor may be Bulniittcd (0 arbitration by eithorparty. And at tho termi- nation of any such mode of settloment of boundaries afore- said ibu land shall pnsB from tho pastoral leaseholder lo ino irecholdcr or conditional punhnBer, na the caso may be, under tho lund law." Tho moment tho freeholder, or condition ii purchaser, cave this notice to tho pistoral tenant, his agent, Buponntendenl, or overseer, tho land wns witlieliftwn lrom tho pastornl tenant, and was hold to I be duly leaecd to (ho freeholder or conditional pur- , chaser. But tho proviso to tho olauso expressly contradicted this, for if tho pastoral tenant, hts agent, or overseer, objected, at some time not specified, thon tho land was withdrawn from tho pastoral tvnant but was not transferred to the freeholder or con- ditional purchaser. It was no man's land, and must remain so pending arbitration, however lone that might be. The cardinal principle of the hon. member s land- law waa that a mero tenure by lease, whether by pastoral or pre- emptive leoeo, ahould not stand in tho way of a person desiring to become a freeholder. (Mr. ROBERTSON ; Hear, hear.) A freeholder, whether a conditional purchaser or otherwieo, had a right, proporly culled a grazing right, to the pro-emptivo leaBO to the extent of tbreo times tho size of his freehold. In tho caso of a first freehold where there was plenty of room, this grazing right might bo enjoyed without interfering with any- body. But BB Boon os a aeoond freeholder carno alongside of tho first complications arose. It , never was intended, ho should suppose, that tho sooond freeholder's grazing right to threo timea tho extent of his purchased land should extinguish the pre-emptive right already acquired by his predecessor. But it might bo that in a fertilo country the first freeholder was surrounded by a , number of conditional purchasers, and you oould not comply with the law BO as to onablo oaoh to take threo time tho extent of his purchased land on pro-emptivo lease, for in a rich country the population was so thickly settled that land for that purposo did not exist. It was a conflict of rights of that kind that you required to sottlo by lcgiBlation; hut this bill did nothing of the sort. We woro told that disputed righta wera te bo referred io arbitration ; but on what principle was the cenflict of lights to bo determined ? You made tho arbi- trators legislators, for you gave thom no principle to guida them ; and that was tho objection ho took to this_ bill. What ought to bo done, as it eccmed to bim, was to rigidly reserve to the freeholder or conditional purchaser tho grazing right conferred from infringement by any subsc ?[ucnt grazing right, and only allow it to givo plaoo to tho reeholdcr who might purchnso tho land. If the conditional purchasers and free selectors would cluster togother, and go into localities where grazing righta did not exist, they must submit to the inconvenience vvhioh might ari«e from their conduct. It would bo desirablo if some principle could bo laid down-if in some instances grazing right« could not be given-so as to avoid tho perpetual conflicts between tho conditional purchasers and free solootors. Thero was no difficulty about the matter, for tho moment a free selector took up his 40 acree ho was entitled to 120 acres moro as grazing right. But what WBB required wa», that the precise period at which the land beoame the free Belcctors Bhould bo defined. The moment a man took up a run, thero ought to bo some rocord of it, eo that both tho free-eclecter and tho publie should know what his rights woro. That was a matter which was not yet sottled, and would not be settled by tho bill before tho Hogso, Ho did not intend fer a moment to oppose tho second reading of the bill ; but when it carno before the oommittoe ho shomld vote for alterations being mado in it, and ho hoped tha Government would agree to soma such alteration as ho had proposed. Mr. ROBERTSON: said ha was exceedingly pleased with the speech of the hon. and learned member. It WBB like ono of his (Mr. Robertson's) own speeches in defenco of this law. _ It put him in mind of tho time when he had to complain that the law did not provide that freo Bolectors should havo pro-emptivo rights' as well as the freeholder. It had been decided in the Supreme Court that tho conditional purchasers had a feo eiwplo, but that the free selector nad not a feo-iimple. The bon. and learned member had referred to the 18th clause of tho Act, which undoubtedly gavo the conditional purchaser all those rightB. He did not think the hon. and learned member would eco quite clearly that tho con- ditional purchaser in tho first-class octtled districts had theec rights at oil. No doubt, the difficulty had been got over by regulations-regulations whioh the lawyers used to argue wore illegal. Ho did not think much inconvenience had taken placo ainoe tho regulations were drawn up. He never raised a difficulty tbeie. Ho had maintained that the law was sufficient. Ho was glad to hear that the hon. and learned member bad pointed out that thero was considerable difficulty in the framing of tho Act. He had novor said it did not want alteration. But doubts had been cast upon it by learned JudgcB on the Bench, and he thought thero would bo no harm in clearing tho matter up. Ho never I was very much in favour of pro-emptivo right and leases at all. But when ho undertook to deal with tho land ques- tion ho found that was tho law, and had been the law for mnnyyears. It WPB thought to bo unfair that those men only who had 610 acres should b3 permitted to uso 2500 acres; nnd^tbo new law provided that those who had forty acrcB should have tho option of using 120 acres. There wne no reason, as it appeared to him, to go into any dissertation upon the validity of tho rightB of the free Ecleetor, or of conditional or other purchasers. It would havo been sufficient to havo dealt with them as new pnr chpEC'rs in order to exemplify their position. Ho did not agree with the hon. and learned member that the free- holder, however much land he might hold, should not have his land open to freo eduction. If that were to bo per- mitted, tho freo selector would bo debarred from having any land nt all in first-class settled districts. There must bo some remedy in the matter ; and ho did not seo that they could do better than to leavo it as the bill before the Houso left it, to bo dealt with by arbitrators, so that fair play might be given to all parties concerned. Ho could not imagino any law that weuld deal properly with the quostion of pre-emptive right. It was a kind of holding not altogether good, and was such as be was not prepared to defend. But this arbi« tration B} stem was the system in operation long beforo the present Act was passed; for he remembered that pre- emptive rights uacd to bo dealt with in the same way. However, members spoke of them, and writers for the frcBS spoke of them as if there had been no pro-omptivo right existing until the pasBing of tho Aot of 1861. [Sir JAMES MARTIN: Look at the expense of arbitration; every time a free Ecleetor went on to a run there must be new arbitration.] Surely thero will bo no oxpense on arbitration such aB was propoBcd by tho bill. [Sir JAMES MARTIN : A freo '.elector might go on to any particular run every week.] Well, if free selectors did go every week, it would bo timo for the largo landholder to givo up his land. Ho did not think that it WOB ovor intended that pre- emptive rights should interfere with tho sottlemont cof tho country. The Government were, by tho bill bofore tho HOUBC,_ endeavouring to get rid of doubts, in as fow words as possible. Ho had novar been muolt in favour of oom mons ; but he thought to havo commons undor auch a limited arrangement as had been suggested would bo very desirable. Ho was glad to hoar that the bon. and learned member did not intend to oppose tho socond reading of the bill. Mr. WILSON enid thero was no doubt as to the unsatis- factory nature of the law in regard to tho grazing rights. The difficulty was not onay to deal with, bnt ho did not think the evils would bo remedied by tho bill now under discussion. Tho Com t had determined in the case of Mr. Chisholm that we couM not give pro-loaBos out of pro leoEcs. Sir James Martin pointed out to him tho law of the cnee before that decision had been given. Ho thought there ought te be some limit to the nuuibor of acres which might bo taken up under a pre- eniptivo lease. Mr. DIGNAM^said the question of grazing rights had becomo a scriouB matter in the county of Argyle. The case of Hcnrtneedy was tho only one in that district in whioh life had been loBt, but it was not tho only caso in which; there had been rows. Ho oxpectod something moro from HUB bill, and hoped that somo amendments would be made in committee.- It was understood where a man mado hie selection and had possession of his grazing right, and where another eolector took up land on that grazing right that ha had no right to tho commonage which" might remain after ho had mado his Bolection on such proleaao. Mr. GARRETT said disputes about boundaries had not been confined to freo selectors, and it would bo a useless taekto try to legislate for the prevention of all guoh dis- putes between neighbouring landnoldera. Notwithstanding tho high authority of the late Attornoy-Goneral, ho held that, tuking a common soneo viow of tho law, tho danse which set np a pro-emptivo lease, provided.that the land held under pre-emptive lease was subjeot to be taken up proportionally under subsequent pre-emptive leane. If the Houso agreed to the present bill, the froo scleotor came into the full enjoyment of his right when ho marked his boundary nnd gave notice, without waiting for the surveyor. Tho very corner stono of tho rights of freo selectors WBB that as against them all leases wero tho same. Tho bill proposed to remove a_ fow quibbles interfering with tho treo exercise of those rights. The arbitration provided for would seldom bo called into effect. No ono had tho right to prevent a person taking np, by purchase, any portion of land under lease. Mr. J, STEWART intended to voto for the second reading of tho bill, although ho agreed that it WOB vaguely worded, the phraseology bnd, and tho provisions incom- plete. Tho bill did not próvido for grazing rights of neighbouring freesoloetiors. It would havo boen far» bolter if the Land Act had providod for a definite period of occupation, or to havo reduced tho price, BO as to cnablo tho purchaser to occupy four times ,the quantity of lund pur- chased. That would havo beon bettor than holding it till some ono else carno to take it up. Ho complained that the rule got up by tho Houso as to tho punotuation of bills had been ignored in this measure. Mr. LLOYD agreed with ovory word of tho bill, and hoped it would paBB both in this Houso and in another place. He waa not surprised at the opposition of hon. members opposite to the bill, whioh was a mero declara- tory measure. This was precisely tho moaauro whioh had been rejected by the Upper House last year. No greater rights were given to purchasers, but thoir oxtBting rights wero declared. There was not matter for debato in the bill, which was a very simple and j uat measure, and hod been paBsed lost year unanimously. ' Mr. J. B. SUTTOR said that any person of oxperionoo would seo at once that the bill would oause endless disputes among the froo selectors. It would bonofit the large squatters he admitted, but it would enable the large holders ot land to drivo out all tho small holders round thom. Ho intended to oppuso tho bill, which ho considered was n delusion. The question was put and pasBad, and tho bill read n second time. The Houso then went into committeo on tho bill pro forma. Tho preamble was postponed, the Houso resumed, and tho committeo obtained leave to sit again to-morrow (Thursday). Tho HÖUBO adjourned at twenty-seven minutes bofore 12 o'clock until 3 o'c'ock to-morrow. Unreserved Sale of Now Drapery Gooda, Set., now landing *. Cornwallis, and Surrey.-Chas. Moore nnd Co. rcqueit us mriot the nttcution of Warehousemen, Dropcrs, and othorr ' their important salo by auction of the abovo-named goori uko place nt their Bale Rooms, 107, Pilt-»trcct, this day o'clock,-ADV. 