It ,iai stated by many minors of oxporionco that wo would bnvo had moro roofs worked on Gympio,_and_a greator. yield.pf gold,. had tlio regulations 'given bettor oncouragbtnont for prospocting. No inducomont whatovor is field out to the prospector, unless ho ,choose to break entirely new ground a milo or-raoro from tho nearest reof that is worked. Inter oated porsons, who, being in good claims, do not care to have' inconvenient neighboura, aro naturally adverse to encouraging prospectors, but in this respect tho general interest must not bo sacrificed to that of individuals. Tho reefs that weroinost easy to .bo hit. upon, wor,e discovered 'first, but thjero ,is no dpubfc: that many others are to b'o found in, the' neigii bourhood;6f th'o^e'that aro worked! Some extra advantage ouglit there'fbro in justice bb given to the prospector who comos into. the field after all the easy ground has .'''been picked. An allowanco should bo mMo.fbr the natural difficulties' in the way*df searbhing for reefs^pn.ground-tbab has, -already beon.;gono. over ;' for whon the. indications discoyored offerasomow'chancovof succoss, much jiimp.and trouble' CiliaVoutor 'be expended in following them up. .Months of labour anay' be \yastdd in sinking .shafts through hard rock, and in the end the claim has to be abandoned, although there might bo a probability that were a larger aroa allowed an auriferous vein might be struck. Upon tho ground' of oxpo dioncy also', the course should bo taken by thoso who Jiavo the power- o.f fram ing regulations, of accolarating the full and .speedy dovolop'mbnt of the reefs of ; this goldfiold. ? ? „ ... ... . , It will bo seon from the report, in, another, column of the legislative proceedings of- tho, Local .Court, that during a discusssion in com mittee on certain proposed amondmentson tho, existing regulations, the subject of tho dis-. tance of prospecting areas and claims from discovered roofs incidentally 'came' ijp.1 - A proposal wasiinade by the Chairman to allow a length of 320 feet fpr.prospecting;areas half a mile'from the nearest quartz, working, in-, creasing. the quantity in proportion; to tho1 distance. 'Mr. Hamilton was 'in- favour of affording inducements to prospect up to a hnn-' dred yards from a known1 lino of reef. 'A less liberal , suggestion, by Mr. Poolb was'aftor wards adopted, although it was evident. 'that some of tho members of the Court would havo ' preferrod that tho existing rule in this re spect should remain ? as it is. Mr.' Poo/iE* motion was that ' over, half a mile and under one mile, the. area should be 200 'feet by 300 ;; over one mile and under throo iniles, 320 feofc ,by300; over four miles, 400 foot by 300.' There is evidently some mistake in tho wbrdi ing of this motion, but it is with tho principle that we havo to deal.^ ','. , ; . It will be admitted that in Victoria they ,-uave gained some exporienco in quartz reefing : by this 'timOj'and in every one of the seven mining districts of that colony the area allowed is very: much groacor. both for ordi nary and/; prospecting claims. At Sand .hurst thoy measure by yards, and not by foet, ;as in Queensland. An oi-dinary claim is 80 yards by 150, and any ono or more miners can hold mqro than ono claim on tho san»o line: of rebf. A prospocting claim is 150 yai-ds square.- -? It must :nob be within tho dis tance of 400 yards of 'the- end: boundary of, any claim occupied, but may adjoin, on a parallel lino, a. worked claim. At Ararat a -prospecting, claim -.of 300 by '800 foot !'ia! allowed for any new. reef, wherever situated. At Castlemaine the prospecting claim is 320 by 400 feet, and . must Tnot bo within 300 feet of any other quartz claim. At Booch worth the distance,, is 500 yards from tho nearest occupied quartz ? claim, but tho pros pecting area is 250 yards by '500 yards. ?'In tho'Gipps Land' district, which perhaps .resembles thisgoldfield Djpre than any of the 1 others;1 the' ordinary ' quartz -'claim must.' not exceed 100 yards by 250 yards'; any number of these, bowever, mayadjbin and be occupied as ono olaim, but two men. must bo' constantly employed in connection with each. ? 'Pros peoting areas are granted, f-00 yards long by 250' in TjVidtb, not less than 700 yards frorn^ the nearest, occupied quartz olaim. .,: When the reef is found, tho discoverer is ? entitled' to a , claim 200 yards long and! 250 yards wide. '''?', Victoria is a colony a considerable proportion! of. the population of which consists of/skilled miners, and : there is abundance ' of capital always available for gold mining ! en'torpriso. ' The mere report of a discovery of auriterpu's! ground causes, a rush of thousands^ ^Not withstanding those faots, it will be seen that experience haa taught those in, power that liberal towns must bo offered to those who will undertake' to. work the known quartz reefs, and still more liberal inducements liold on t to tho - enterprising ' miner, who iyill devote time, labour, and. mp'noy to discover ing new reefa. ?'. But it iB very different: in Queensland. There1 is too much.of the potty huckster feeling displayed \ in! ' . bur. || bldfiold regulations. -We '/; want-, capital and, labour; but will not bidfor them. On the contrary, the niggardly' spirit displayed would make 'it1 appear as thpugh.it wore intended !tb prohibit' capital and. mining, enterprise from finding' scope for employment. We havo a larger territory, and a greater extent of country/ more or' less anriibrons' than Vibtoria,1 bnt our: population, , wealth, : and . miniug , experience are vory much less than in that colony. Not withstanding these factB, we act as though every foot of tho ground were more valuablb here, than anywhere , else in Australia! and its extent so limited that there is no'rdoiri for the employment of the money and labour of the other colonies. .... ? TiiBpBondo Count Von Attems has made tho fol-t lowing oonfession to the authorities in Sourabaya : — ' 1'hat his real name is Kurt Sobmalz, and 22 years of ago ; that from his sixteenth yoar ho com menood his career of rascality and .swindling, aud that in 1867, under tho uamo of Count Von Sohon born, he dispountod drafts in Amsterdam which were bo well imitated that tho forgery was not dis oovored until two days aftor thoy had boon cashed' in London. A Batavian paper of -November 27 states further that an attempt was made by him to oaoapo from tho gaol at Sourabaya 1 he was dis guised in tho olothlng of his Borvant, and had go as far as the outer gate of tho prison, when a Java nese watchman laid hold of him, and with the. as siatauoo of the military guard brought him bnok to his plaoo of confinement. It is also stated in auottior paper that the Hamlet's Ghost was sold at public auction on Deoomber 4 for 2500 guilders, whioh is about £208; .. ' 