4omsputtyw((|. , IS THEFT MORTAL, VENIAL, OR NO SIN? To the Editor of the ' Protestant Standard.) In a former number we have been show ing how truly the teaching of Den's Theology is the practice of the priest hood of the present day — -that the class- books of Mavnooth are the standard of I priestly orthodoxy, so that evidence given in a court of justice may not be the whole truth of what a priest knows, as he may reserve what ho has heard as God iu the, confessional, he appearing as man before the court. "Wo now, however, turn to another proof of the demoralizing teaching of the Roman Catholic Church, as borne out by the recent evidence before the Chief Justico in the trial Saurin v. Starr. The person examined was no less a per son than tho librarian of Maynooth College, tho custodian of all the litera ture and theology of that training semi nary for tho priesthood. One of the charges brought against Miss Saurin was that she habitually took the children's food, and on searching her, in a state of half nudity, she was found to have a number of pockdts, largo and small, some containing a splinter of the true cross and a book of which she was deprived, but not a crumb or trace of food couid be discovered. His Lordship asked the witness (who said she would not be distnisscdfrom the convent unless it was of such a grievous act; as to cause scandal) —do you not consider, it theft ? Yes ; but not seri ous: theft. His Lordship, seemingly sur- prised at this distinction, " What, not depriving children oftheir sustenance ?" "Yes," is the; reply with a condition, " if a great injury to the children ;" so if there wore neither a scandal or only a small injury or no injury at all, then theft -would be no theft. . And, further, the librarian adds, " there is no .case for expulsion except when it is a grievous act affecting the community and to show what this would be lie says, " for instance, taking eighteen shillings, even that might not be a grievous sin." No it may be either so quietly taken as. not to bring scandal or. not to affect the. com munity, or to do no great injury, and, therefore, would bo: but a small; matter: What a comment upon " Thou shalt not steal." The law giver Moses would be puzzled at this Maynooth sophistry. , " Well," says his Lordship, still puzzled-r-" does the" grievousness of tlio sin depend on the amount." " Yes." " Suppose," says his Lordship, you take the last eighteen shillings . frbin; a man." " 0," says: the librarian, " that would bring in a serious case,; for; in stance, take a needle from, a, tailor: and keep him idle for a, fortnight, "you then commit a grievous sin." (Loud laugh ter.) Here .we have in a court of justice a specimen of the casuistry of Popery, a twisting and turning of the Law of God, which. says, ..".Thou shalt not: steal a compounding of sin, for if it brings no scandal, if it doos not a great injury, if it be only eighteen shillings , guiltily stolen it is not near so grievous, a sin as stealing a tailor's needle. What a sam ple of themorality of Maynooth about now to . be pensioned off, if Mr. Gladstone's bill passes, with £ld,0p0.pcr annum in perpetuity, the spoilof the Irish Church. Hero the simple nlain Law of God is subject to a scale of conditions, quan tities, scandals, injuries great or small, all measured out by the Church of Rome ; yet our Lord says, " He that' is not faithful in little is not faithful iii much." But this is just in keeping with the whole teaching of the Church from past to present times. No doubt, but au offence may not be so bad as to amount to expulsion, or abreach of discipline may be regarded as more grievous than a breach of morals, such as not kissing the floor ; this seems to be pretty much the standard in nunneries. But what we complain of is the Indian rubber stretching and contracting the Law of God — this cooking up theft. But what can we expect from a church which makes the distinction between mortal and venial sins, wide as purga tory or hell. Mortal sin seals our per dition, but venial sin may be expiated by penances, scourgings, and a shorter or longer cleansing in the fires of purga tory, influenced by the prayers of the faithful and the cash paid down. In reading the Bible we find that sin is a transgression of God's Law, and that sin " is exceeding sinful." To look at a woman to lust after her is sin. Who soever shall say to his brother " thou fool shall be in danger of hell fire that idle words are sin ; but we find nowhere the distinction between mortal and venial sins, as taught iu the Church of Rome. We quote from "The Real Principles of Catholics," a work recommended to tho Catholics by no less authority than Thomas Troy, D.D., Daniel Murray, D.D., M. H. Hanicl, D.D., and in answer to tho question put — " How many kinds of actual sins are there," " Two, mortal and venial." " What is mortal sin." ' It is a sin whereby we lose the grace and love of God and make ourselves liable to eternal damnation. It is mortal sin because it hills the soul, and then a distinction is made between mortal .and venial sin. First mortal sins are marked iu Scripture by the word " woe." Se condly; by the opinion of the Fathers and divines when they all agree, and when they differ to follow the safer part, and the third general rule is reason." Here, then, tho poor Roman Catho lic, must be in a sad condition of doubt, he has to consult the scriptures, the Fathers and Divines, and after ail, to come to the twilight of reason ; but the scriptures are a closed book, the Fathers arc not within his reach, and he is not allowed to exercise reason. What then is he to do so as to ascertain whether ho is to be devoted to perdition, or merely to do penance, or to be plunged into purgatory? However, the Church sup plies a catalogue — "lying, venial, (pur gatory) ; luxury, mortal, (hell) glut tony, mortal, (hell) ; idle words, or coming late to prayers, venial, (purga tory) ; covetousness, mortal, (hell) ; small thefts, (purgatory) &c.;, &c.;, &c.; According to this, Miss Saurin's theft, or supposed, theft, would only consign her to a few years in purgatory if there was no scandal. But we read that all sin can be forgiven saye the sin against the Holy Ghost ; that the blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth from all sin. igsHere, however, is a long list of sins, which are .described as " a grievous offence " against the law of God, bring ing everlasting death and damnation on the soul . yet, strange to say, by pen ance and confession, and prayers, and good works, and whatever also is want ing, may be supplied by indigencies. "The sinner may escape from damna tion;" "so after, all mortal sin is not mortal." , : But a difficulty may arise, namely-— - can a sin that is mortabin its nature lies only venial by accident. . Yes, in these cases, chiefly, viz— to steal a trifle? Secondly, for want of deliberation r Thirdly, for want of sufficient; use o'f reason, as iu children, and persons half asleep. In which of these conditions we, would like to know was Miss Saurin if she stole the - children's food — was such an act a trifle ? The . Chief Justico thought not. Was it an act of delibera tion, one would think so, because it was said to be habitual.; that it ; was . not when half asleep, we think, the time of day and circumstances rather forbids this excuse.. It is to be regretted that the Chief Justice did not probe this matter a little closer ; .but it would re quire the tuition of Father Barry, Fatlic r le Moine, with his Seventh Book of his moral pictures ;, and Father Banny's summary, not forgetting Den, together with an apprenticeship in the Confes sional, to enable a British judge to master a cross-examination, even of a nuii, much less a priest. He would liavo to , read up. " Tho image of the first century, the pious finesses and holy artifice of devotion," by the aid of which inventions crimes may be expiated now- a-days — Alacrius. A great many people may be washed from their stains almost as cleverly as they contracted them " — this is termed " piety made easy," or rather sin justified. These principles of honesty laid down by the Casuists are quite in keeping with the Librarian's exposition of theft. " May servants who are dissatisfied with their wages use means to raise them by laying hands on as much pro perty of their masters as they may con sider necessary to make their wages equivalent to their trouble?" Here the sum to be purloined seems to be left to "certain circumstances, viz., "when they are so poor as to be obliged to accept an offer when other servants of the same class are gaining more than they elsewhere." so that the amount of, wages given in one household justifies theft in another — " you earn more than me, I must steal to make it up." The teaching of Maynooth College is, quito clear upon the subject: — " How great must be the quantity of tho thing stolen to constitute the theft a mortal sin." "The quantity can't be easily deter mined, since nothing has been decided upon the point either in natural, divine or human laws." : Certainly natural law knows nothing of quantity nor of mortal sin. Divine law says, without reference to quantity, " Thou shalt not steal ; " and human law, while it considers theft to be theft makes a distinction as to the mode of trial, leaving it optional with the thief by what court of jurisdiction he may be tried, provided the amount stolen does not exceed forty shillings, so as to save expense to the country, but the distinctions of mortal and venial siu it knows nothing of. . A question on which depends the eternal damnation of the thief, seems to be settled by the Church — " for some are of opinion that the quantity depends on the maintenance of the individual for one day in a manner suitable to the thief's station." That is, a thief with a gold watch and rings may steal more than a wretch half naked ; " but others think it 'requires a quantity, everything con sidered, which inflicts a grievous injury to our neighbour, and deprives him of something particularly useful " For in stance a tailor's needle. The difference of stealing from a rich man is slight in re spect of a poor man. The same quan tity in all thefts, therefore, cannot be assigned ; hence theologians "distinguish men into four ranks. The first rank illustrious and live in sulendour. to steal 50 or GO pence constitutes mortal sin Second rank, moderately rich, 40 pence is enough. Persons of the third class, if their trado is lucrative, 20 pence, or less lucrative 10 pence, fourth rank, 4 pence, or one penny if they have no thing to live on." Here then we have the teaching which just tallies with the tho answers of tho Maynooth Librarian which seems to have astonished the Chief Justice. Trifling with men's souls as this is — swinging men between hell and purga tory, there is still more to be considered ; a perplexing question yet remains — " Does a person siu mortally who steals trifling sums from one or from several persons, and when put together moke a considerable sum ? " This is answered in the affirmative. Yes, but there is appended a caution, " somewhat a greater quantity is required to be stolen when the small thefts have been committed at different times, and on many individuals than if they were all committed at the same time and on the same individuals." So a thief may steal from many persons but ho must take caro tho quantity from each is small and the space of time is something, so that the loss thus in flicted may not be injurious." The eighteen shillings may be stolen from a dozen persons with several days between and then it would not be mortal sin — a very good creed for pickpockets. The question .then goes into wives stealing from their husbands. " The abstraction from' their common property for the support of a father, mother, or children by a foi-mer marriage is not theft, &c.;" A man must be cautious who marries a widow. This is th teaching of May nooth Morality from Delahoguo's Trea ties, and Bailey on Moral Theology, &c.;, and xve .may be glad to think that priests now being brought into open court, are made to Jexplain their own creeds, and what is the real dog- matic teaching of their church ; they can no longer conceal this outrage against tho laws of God, and the morality of society. We doubt not but', that those expositions will do more to eonvinco tho public mind of the cor rupting influence of the casuistry of Popery than all the discussions and con troversies that have taken place. The commonest mind can comprehend the Librarian's views of theft, founded on the theology " of Maynooth. 'We are satisfied that many intelligent Roman Catholics abominate and repu diate such demoralizing instruction ; hut why do they not openly denounce it ? In tolerating it, are they not par takers of other men's sins ? Whatever may be their convictions what the Church teaches, they submit to. But what can we expect from a Church which abrogates the law of God, bv omitting, qb in many catechisms, (see Butler's Catechism and books of devo tion.) The fourth commandment more especially in Popish countries or other wise, jdrns it on in a partial manner to the first commandment, dividing the tenth commandment in two, bo as to make up the number ; and, further, in their translations, substitutes for the words — "bow down" — "adore" — making thus a subtle distinction between the ! worship paid to images, whether it be to bow down or adore an image — if it be a religious action, it is idolatry — "To shall make no idols or graven image,, neither rear ye up a standing image, neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your land to bow down to it. Cursed be the man that maketh any graven image, an abomina tion unto the Lord, &c.;, and putteth it in a secret place. The Roman Catho lics, however, have amongst the images, of angels and saints, the representa tions' of God the Rather, under the figure of an old man with a globe on his head: — thus, like the heathens, they change the glory of God into an image, like to corruptible man. — "To whom then will you liken me, or shall I be equalled, saith the Lord?" Why, re plies the Church of Rome, — surely to an old man with a globe on his head — the ancient of days we suppose. Baruch, an authority with Romanists, describing image worship, is a little ironical, "as for their tongue, it is polished by the workman, yet they are but false and cannot speak." Some times, also, priests convey from their gods gold and silver, and bestow it upon themselves ; yet cannot these gods save themselves from rust and from moths, though they be covered with purple raiment," decked out as the Virgin Mary's image is, with the tawdriness of a harlot. No question produced more blood shed, rebellion, schism and controver sies of synods than image worship, or wider disagreement in the Roman Catholic Church, but it is now estab lished as Modern Paganism, Peter's head upon the ancient statue of Jupiter. But we are dealing with law of theft, as expounded in Roman authorities as taught in Maynooth, and as explained by the Librarian of that college, in a court of justice. How truly does this case fulfil the prophecy of Daniel — "who shall change times And laws." The prophetic brand of Daniel, Paul, and John, is visibly stamped by the teaching and worship of that Church so clearly, that nothing but moral blind- ness can conceal it. S. 