THE TOWN AND SUBURBS. The Session. — From a remark o( Sir H'Keau to a deputation this morning1, it does not appear that the seeeion is to olose very early. The Minister of Lands stated that the Christmas holidays woro likoly to ho on before the Appropriation Bill was pasBod. Legislative Council. — Mr Jennet's endea vours to legislato yesterday were thwarted by the indifierenoo or tbo holiday propensities of honorable momberB of the Legislative Connoil. For some time Mr Jenner was almost alone, bnt by degrees tbo nnmbcr of members was swelled to eight. Several of the lords were in . tho lobbies, but they wore not disposed for work. Neither tho Land Bill, tho Municipal, nor tho State-aid Abolition Bills wcro suffi ciently attractive to indnco hoc. members to undertake their consideration. At half-past four, when tho President took tho chair, thoro wero bat eight members present, and Sir James Palmer, in default of a quorum, declared the House adjourned until tho following dny. EnnoPEAK Assuiunce Company. — Those assured iu this company aro taking heart of grace by reason of the telegrams from home. Some parties, wo believe, have already sont in notice of surrender of policy, and asked for a proportionate return of premium ; others are more satisfied with tho aspect of affairs, and are content that the business should he carried on as nsnal. To all parties in the colonies interested in the company, the telegrams have given a great sense of relief. On ap plication at tho European by a policy holder to learn if tho surrender value would be paid, he was informed the directors bad determined to do nothing until receipt of their adviceB by tho moil. THE GREAT BRITAIN, — This fine steamship cleared oat nt the Customs this afternoon, for England. Her passenger list is as follows : — Mr and Mrs Elsdon and family, Captain and Mrs Kerr, Captain and Mrs Johnston, Captain Andley Coote, Mr and Mrs Fyson, Mr and Mtb Panl and family, Miss Moubray, Captain Bin der, MessrB Webster, It. Doyle, Gaillon, D. Campbell, Fenwick, K. Thome, ICirohnor, J. L. Evans, Thomas Btoroy; and 150 in the second and steerage. Geelono Waterworks. — Some doubt has bean thrown on the statement of our tolegram from Geelcng respecting tbo excitement at tending the proposal to delay the waterworks in that town. The local jonrnal states that as far as local contracts woro concerned, the Town Council last evening appeared to be of opinion that it will be inadvisable to oall for tenders until tho harvest has been completed. The idea of petitioning the.Govornment to delay the waterworks was, however, utterly scouted, everv councillor beinc of uninion that too much delay had already taken place. It was also nrged nt the council meeting that, if the far mers offered a fair rate of wages, they would soon obtain plenty of men, and, even if the works in connection with the Water Supply were discontinued, many of the men would decline harvesting. The Fhiendly Societies' Gathering. — A correspondent has forwarded a suggestion to the effect that as next Saturday will bo the means of exhibiting the fall extent of the numerical strengh of the Friendly Societies of Victoria, all employers should give, as far as practicable, all the employes under them con nected with these societies a holiday, so that they might join the ranks of the procession on that day. NEW TRIALS. — To-day, in the Supreme Court, some very important decisions in refer- ence to new trials were given. Miss Bridget Langan has again to bring her action against the Rev C. Clark, and obtain another verdict, before she can receive her solatium for in- jured feelings and loss of liberty. The sheep- destroying BquatterB have been unable to secure a new trial or to obtain a reduction of damages, and the Chief Juatiee mc;8i nnequivocally stated his opinion of the mode of procedure adopted by the defendants in the aotion. The battle between the Adelaide and New Sonth Wales Marine, Insnranee Companies has again to bo fought, the conrt pronouncing the oase to be o. taost extraordinary one, and sne that re- nniraa fnrf.Ln Innbinf intn. Ac:ident to Mes Francis. — A severe acci dent oeonrred to Mrs Francis and some of her family, daring a carriage excursion near San- bury, on Monday afternoon. By same meanB the carriage wag overtnrned, and Mis Fr&nais; and one of her children were severely braised and shaken. Mr Francis at ence telegraphed for Dr Motherwell, whe left town by speoial train for Sunbnry, at 9 o'clock on Monday. The doctor returned to town yesterday morning, the injuries to the lady not being of a veiy serions natnre. Cherries. — At Messrs Law, Samner and Co's, Swauston street, is to be seen a fine col lection of cherries, grown nt the gardens of the Horticultnral Society. The various speoimens are well grewn, tho eating ones being remark able for eize and flavor. Amongst the old varieties the best are the Blaak Eagle, May Dake, Heart of Midlothian, Elton, Dewnton, Black Tartarian, Wordir'a Early Black, and Governor Wood, tbo sweetest and bestoheriy for the date. The chief of tho new varieties are the President and Aigre Hative, the latter being thoroughly recommendable for oalinary purposes. The Volunteers at SANDnnn'sT.— One of oar morning contemporaries having stated on the authority of its correspondent that Captain Taylor has withdrawn his resignation, a loonl journal states that no sneh oourse has been adopted, and that the resignation still lies at the head office of the volanteer corps in Mel bourne. In replying |to an attack made by Madame Simonsen last Saturday . evening on tho local preBB criticism, the Pleasant Creek Daily News offers some exoellent advioe to profes sionals intending to visit that locality or any other of the country distriot. It says — " We take np the subject now, not only in reference to the entertainment mentioned, bnt from a broader point of view — so far as it regards the visits of professionals generally to goldfields that aro some distance removed from Mel bourne. Wo will freely admit that the Simon- sen concert, for example, was the best of tbo kind that has been yet offered to the public of Ploasant Creek. We are prepared to admit that Madamo Simonsen is the prima donna of the colony, if snob be tho eonclasion she de sires jo be drawn ; bat no admission of this description can prove that a portion of the musical treat provided was not slurred over, or that tho pianist, Mr Lee, is not a rather medioore performer. It is a pity that a troupe, because it has achieved a success in Melbourne, should be impatient of a oriticism which bears rather apon their earelessnei. than their ability. It i. a mistake to .appose that a country audience is necessarily not ' critical, being of tho country, and it is a still greater mistake to imagine that a Melbourne acceptance Bhould ha a barrior against any ad verse remarks in country papers. In this colony tho tono of country taste is altering very fast, and tho artists who imagiuo that all they choose to give should be received rapturously, no matter how they givo it, because they woro laurels in Melbearno, made a mistake which, so far as they are concerned, will provo disas- tronsly unprofitable." Deputations. — A deputation from Castle maine waited on Mr M'Kean to day, asking for a Crown grant of tbo Castlemaino Botanical Gardens. Tbcso gardens being permanently reserved, Mr M'Koau did not think a Crown grant could he given. For n grant-in-aid for limproving tho gardenB Mr M'Kean did not bold out much hopo nt present. Somo other minor applications Mr M'Kean promised to consider. The deputation afterwords waited on tho Commissioner of Publio Works respecting a Btorm water channol through the town. The Commissioner stated that bo thought this item had nlroady been placed on the estimates. Concert. — Tho concert given last evening at tho Carlton Orderly-room by the pupile of Mr W. R. Furlong was well attended, and tho performance gave universal satisfaction. The programme waa a lengthy oue, comprising seleelions from "II Trovatoro," "Don Pavqnalo," "II Barbioro," "I Lombardi," "Rigoletto," " Mnritana," " Der Freiscliutz," and tho " Bohemian Girl." Tho chorusoa wero well executed, and several of the solo singers acquitted tbomselves most creditably. Mr F. W. Towers presided at the piano. Theatre Rotal. — Tbo "Lady of Lyons" was performed last evening, Herr Bandmaun appoaring as Claado Melnotte, and Miss Evans as Pauline. Both artists were warmly ap plauded during tbo pioce. 7'o-night the Cor- sienn Brothers will bo performed for tho Inst time, to be followed by the burlesque of " Tho Lady of Lyons." On Thursday Herr Baud- maun will appear as Hamlet. On Friday Miss Bowring will take a complimentary benefit, when " Tbo Stranger" and " Don Ciosar De Bazan" will be produced. On Saturday Herr Baudmaun will play the part of ChnrlcB Moor in Schiller's " Robbers." Temple of Maoic. — The Temple of Magic was arowded last evening, when the sleight of hand and the pianoforte playing of Mr Heller met with the fullest approval of tho audience. Weston's Opera House, — Mr Chapman's seance last ovening was fairly attended. Somo now tricks wore introduced, and tho illusion of " playiog with ghosts" was well received. The bellringcrs camo in for a large amount of applaaso. 