< SELECT POETET. KING SAUL AT GILBO A: A BATTLEPIECE. BY HENKY KENDAXI.. W ith noise of battle and the dust of fray Half-hid in fog the gloomy mountain lay ; But Succoth's watchers from, their outer fields ii Saw flits of flame and gleams of clashing shields; For where the yellow river draws its spring The hosts of Israel travelled thundering I There, beating like the storm that sweeps to sea. - Across the reefs of chafing Galilee, The car of Abner and the sword of Saul. Drave Gaza down Gilboa's southern wall; But swift and sure the spears of Ekron flew, Till peak and slope were drenched with bloody dew! " Shout, Tunnath, shout!" the blazing leaders cried, And hurled the stone and dashed the stave aside: " Shout, Timnath, shout! Let Hazor hold the height, Bend the long bow and break the lords of fight!" From every hand the swarthy strangers sprang, Chief leaped on chief, with buckler buckler rang. The flower of armies! set in Syrian heat, The ridges clamoured under labouring feet; Nor stayed the warriors till from Salim s road The crescent horns of Abner's squadrons -glowed, Then, like a shooting splendour on the wing, The strong-arined son of ILish came thunder ing; And as in Autumn's fall, when woods are bare, Two adverse tempests met in middle air, So Saul and Achish, grim with heat and hate. * Met by the brooks and shook the scales of. Fate; For now the struggle swayed, and, firm as rocks Against the storm-wind of the equinox, The rallied lords of Judah stood and bore All day the fiery tides of fourfold war. But hethat fasted in the hollow cave, And called ftp Samuel from the quiet grave, And stood with darkness and the mantled ghosts A bitter night on shrill Samarian coasts, Knew well the end: of how the futile sword Of Israel would be broken by the Lord; How Gath would triumph with the tawny ' line That bend the knee at Dagon's brittle shrine; And how the race of Kish would fall to wreck Became of vengeance stayed at Amalek ; Xet strove the sunlike king, nOr rested hand Till yellow evening filled the level land ; The Judah reeled before a biting hail Of sudden arrows shot from Akor's vale, Where Libnah, lapped in blood from thigh to heel, . Drew the tense string and pierced the quiver ing steel. There fell the sons of Saul, and man by man The chiefs of Israel to Jonathan; And, while swift Achish stooped and caught the spoil, Ten chosen archers red with sanguine toil Sped after Saul, who, faint and sick and sore With many wounds, had left the thick of war: He, like a baffled bull by hunters prest, Ttlrned sharp about and faced the flooded west. And saw the star-like spears and moony spokes Gleam from the rocks and lighten through the oaks; A sea of splendour! how the chariots rolled On wheels of blinding brightness manifold ! While stumbling over spike and spine and spur Of sultry lands, escaped the son of Ner With smitten men! At this the front of Saul Grew darker than a blasted tower wall; And seeing how there crouched upon his right Aghast with fear a black Amalekite, He called and said, 4t I pray thee* man of pain, ' Bed from the scourge, and recent from the chain, Bet thou thy face to mine and stoutty stand With yonder bloody sword-hilt in thine hand And fall upon me.*' But the faltering hind Stood trembling like a willow in the wind. Then further, Saul: " Lest Ashdod's vaunt ing hosts Should bear me captive to their bleak blown . , coasts, I pray thee, smite me : seeing peace has fled, And rest lies wholly with the quiet dead." At this a flood of sunset broke, and smote Keen blazing sapphires pound a kingly throat, 3?ouched arm and shoulder, glittered in the ' crest, . And made swift starlights on a jewelled breast! \- So, starting forward like a loosened hound, The stranger clutched the sword and wheeled it round, And struck the Lord's Anointed ! Kerce . and fleet, Philistia came with shouts and clattering feet; . " By gaping gorges and by rough defile Dark Ashdod bfea't across a dusty mile; Hot Hazor's bowmen toiled irom spire to spire; And Gath sprang upwards like a gust of fire; On either wing did Libnah's lords appear; And brass-clad Timnath thundered in the rear ; " Mark, Achish, mark -The mighty front of Saul, Great in his life and god-like in his fall! This was the arm that broke Philistia's pride Where Kishon chafes his seaward- going tide! This was the sword that smote till set of sun Xed Gath from Michmash until Ajalon! Low in the dust. And Israel scattered far! ' And dead the tramps, and crushed the hoofs of war!_ So fell the king! as it was said by him Who hid his forehead in a mantle dim At bleak Endor, what time unholy rites Vext the long sleep of still Samarian heights^ For bowed to earth before the hoary Priest Did he of Kish withstand the smoking feast, To fast, in darkness and in sackcloth rolled And house with wild things in the biting cold ; Because of sharpness lent to Gaza's sword, And Judah widowed by the angry Lord. 