LOCAL & GENERAL NEWS. SOIREE AT ST. ANDREW'S CHURCH, YASS. Ox Tuesday evening tho annual soiree in connec tion with St. Andrew's Church was hold in a marquee close to the building. Thcro was a very Inrgo attendance. The tables wore well supplied by ladies of tho congregation with tho usual daintios, and were decorated with numerous bouquets. Shortly bofore seven o'clock tho public meeting was opened in the church, and soon after the pro ceedings eominoncod the building was nearly filled; there could not linto been much leas than 120 persons present, tho chief portion of wh im wero ladies. The Rev. John Gibson occupied the chair. On his left wero tho Rev. Mr Mnckrny (Presbyterian), tho Yren. Archdeacon Lillingaton (Church of England), and tho Rov. Mr Dowson (Wcsleynn Mothodist.) At a later hour in the ovening Mr W. Davies. of Goulburn, joined the meeting. Tho proceedings wero commenced hy singing tho 1 00 tli psalm; after which the Rov. Mr Maokray ongaged in prayer. This being concluded tho choir sang " Mow hoautiful upon tho inuuu- tui.t." hurmnntum n COOII) pnn i 111 BO t. The Rev. Chairman said they had met that evening tooelcbiato their anniversary soiree, and ho was glad to see on the occasion so good a muster of Presbyterians and other Christian friends. And lie was also glad to sen ministers of oilier denominations, who wero a hostin themselves. They had refreshed the body at the tables iri the tent adjoining tho church, nnd had now o >mo thero to refresh tho mind by listening to addresses which would he interspersed with saered songs, lie had received letters from tho Rov. Mr Gordon, of Taralga, excusing his absence on account of ill health, from Mr Fitzgerald, who was supplying Mr Gordon's pulpit; alao' from thn Presbyterian minister at Brnidwood, who stated that the daily requirements of the largo district over which ho was appointed prevented his attendance on the present occasion. Although this was not the usual timo for holding their anniversary soiree there wero good reasons for their meeting nn this day Some people wore opposed to thnso soirees, hilt ho was not. Christians should linve pleasure ns well oilier peoplo. Rowland Hill had said that tho devil should not have tho best of the hymns, that they wore duo to tho Almighty. It always gave him pleasuro to seo Christians linppy. Some peoplo would like to have religion as it wero iri an onclnsuro. allowing of no expansion. YVhat would n palace he with nil tho windows nnd all the doors alike, and what would nur world bo without its plains, its mountains, and its rivers. So should there be diversity amongst the Christians, tho Episcopalians, Hie Wesloyans, and the Presby terians, all holding to Hie one faith, and all work ing out the great scliomc of man's redemption. Tlicy aro a holy bnnd agreeing in tho one great purpose, and labouring each assiduously in our Lord's vineyard They cnuld show to tho world that although they had differences they aro one Tho ago of bigotry had passed away, and uni formity in details, was impossible. Charles V. tried it, and finding it impossible rotirod to a cloister where lie turned his attention to meohanios. On making clocks ho found that ho could not make any two aliko. and discovered that to do so wa3 impossible. There were no two ministers aliko, neither were there two persons prosent nliko. but we all had n common belief. The Rev. Mr Mack- ray had oomo to the antipodes for tho benefit, of hia health and the strengthening of Prehyteriariism in this land, nnd he hud left behind hiui an affec- tionato peoplo. nnd ho (tho Chairman) trusted that tho seeds he scattered would bring forth an abun dant harvest. Tho state of Mr Mackrny's health forbade liira to irmko great exertions, hut lie would address tho meeting this evening. They had tho Ven. Archdeacon Lillingaton. and a bishop of the Wesleyan Church prescnr, who would also address thom nn the necessity of religious union amongst Christians. (Applause ) In the days of tho mar tyrs thoro was no vacillating, nnd thero should ho nono now. (Applause.) Ministers desired the prayers and love of their people, nnd if they had these they cnuid go on nnd work bettor, if tho people neglected their ministers they would he tho losers; their ministers wanted not only pecuniary aid, but the affection of their flocks, nnd if they had both theso thoy would work on with stronger heart than ever. They had collected 380/.. part of which had been devoted to tho college: ho must remember also that since their last soiree some of his people had given him a strong buggy, which was much wanted for travel ling over the rough and rugged roads in his dis trict. Ho supposed lie must wait for a bettor horse than the ono ho now had, which was very elnw in its movements, and when ho got a faster ono. ho would give that which ho now had to the Archdeacon, who would no doubt make him go. (Laughter.) Tlioy wire now possessed of a harmonium, a possession .whioh thoy must all re joice in. They had also a hell, it was a small one, but it would bo put in a bettor plnco some day, and they had no desiro to beat their neighbours. By tho Rruco auction, bazaar, nnd soiree, tho church had been relieved of debt. Tho building, however, required repairs, nnd it was intended that these repairs should be made forthwith. Tho treasurer, although too modest to make a speech on tho present occasion, was a man of business, and had said that tho subscriptions wero not coming in satisfactorily. They must remember that tho great authority upon which we all relied hnd said that tho labourer was worthy of his hire, what was given wan a recognition of services rendered, and not an not of mere charity. Seeing so largo a mooting, ho honed that at the close of tho proceed ings there would boa considorablo augmentation of tho funds. (Applause.) The choir sang the 133rd Psalm. The Yen. Archdeacon Lillingston congra'ulatod the meeting that from tho statement which hod. just been made hy the Rev. Chairman thoy had laid tho ghost spoken of at tho last meeting, the debt on tho church building (laughter and applause), even though they had had to call in what some people oonsidered a quack, Dr. Bruco (renewed laughter). And he (the Archdeaoon) had no cause to complain of the Presbyterians and their Brueo auoiinn. for ho had gnt more than he had bargained fnr. Ho purchased a pig at that auction and had taken the usual means of fattening it. when to his surprise yesterday he found that this pig had givon him five littlo ones. (Laughter ) Tho Venerable Archdeacon proceeded to urge on the meeting the necessity for Christian unity, and if this was always borne in mind wo should have an increase in the number of our Protestants. If wo were united we could resist any com mon foo ; wo nught not to Innk hack to tho past, but unite in ono cjmman purposo. tho glory of God and the increase of his Church. If wo desired to live together in Christ we should not act coldly co each other, but live in affection. Every Christian should bo earnest in tho faith ho professed ; earnestness was what was required, and if thero was this earnestness tho Churohos would ho united. That earnestness raujt not ho annual or perennial hut lnsting. If we believed in Christ. He should ho tho first thought of our henrts. The present occasion brought to him re collections mixed with pleasure and pain. Tho last Presbyterian tea meeting held in Goulburn was presided over hy the Riv. YVilliam Ross, who had gono from amongst us ; and previous to that he (tho speaker) had been invited to tako part in laying the foundation stone of tho edifice in whioh they wore now assembled. Mr Ross, who whs then present, had from tho first timo of thoir mooting treated hiin as a brother ; ho was a most dovout Christian, a learned man. ho might say ho was a model man nnd a model minister. (Applause). This was but a fceblo testimony to his various excellencies, nnd lie must express his rogrot that it had pleased his Divino Master to call him away from amidst us. The Archdencon concluded an eloquent address hy roniinding thom how tho martyrs three hundred years ago gave up their bodies to he burnt, and that in the defence of our common Christianity we should lie prepared to givo up our wholo soul and body to Christ. (Applause) Tho Chairman said that the reference tj Mr Rnss. whoso voice had been often lieard in this church, reminded us how soon wo might be called to nn- other would. Mr Muckray then addressed tho meeting at con sidorablo length, hut our spaco precludes us from giving more than outline nf what he said. Ho alluded in tho relief ho felt after residing in Braid- wood n.id Queanbeyan, where Preshytorianism had almost died out. to find so muclt activity in tho faith bore. They had raised in this district nearly 1001 , which would onable them to put their build ing in repair, their hell in its proper place, nnd build a small vestry wliero their pastor could have a few moments nf meditation and enter the church in n mnro seemly way than at present. Referring to Preshyterianism in this colony, he thought thero was less cohesiveness amongst tho body than thero was at hums, that there was not the same esprit dc corps, that tho minister had to bear up the church on his own shoulders ; but in Scotland tho burden was divided between the minister, the congregation, and tho Deacon's Court; thero the members of tho Church Session took the temporal Iiumiiubh into their own hands, so ns to leave tho minister tn look solely nfcor tho spiritual affairs ot tho -mgroga- tiion. After crossing the lino, for this vory reason. Presbyterian clergymon had been ready to accept tho invitations of other congregations. The church or his forefathers had heon dissipated in this oniony, nnd it therefore gratified him to know that nn institution was being organised for the education of tlioo who desired to join tho Pre«hvter-an ministry. Christianity was tho most social nf ail religions it was a living faith overcoming the world. The enemies to faith wore ritualism and infidelity. Ho condemned tho church mil'inory and tho gcgaws connected with the formor. Faith was solely in Christ .Testis. lie was glad to loam that Episcopacy in this colony was so sound (applause), and if the Archdeacon wero at homo in England lie would toll them there what had boon said on thnt subject this night. (Loud applause.) \\\ cmust- guard against scepticism, which was cropping out in the press and in novels. Boys who had no sign of a hoard talked with yusto about Oarlislo and Voltaire, and spnko flippantly of the Book nf Moses in ennnection with old clothes. Thero woro men who would shove God out of his own universe ; thero wero savans of the present day who would regard oonsciencoin no other light than this — that as the livor sooretes bile, so tho brain secretes thought. Tho sceptic's creed was harder to behove than that of tho Christian. Tho rev. gentleman referred to Rend- and to the interpretations nf Scripture ho had laid down. Who cared for Bishop Oolonso nnd his arithmetical pu/.zlo; it was fi pity ho thought that Colenso was still called a bishop of an evangelical church. If the presont w.as an utilitarian age, take scepticism to thatstandard and3 shovv what it does. Did it build hospitals, did it relievo tho poor, or visit tho ntflic'od? Ho would n-k. who mudo tho hest citizens ? Tho rev. speakor referred to tho death bed of Carlisle and Voltaire, and contrasted it with that of a young woman whom ho had attended at Peebles at tho close or hor life : she had all con fidence in tho atoning blood of liar Saviour, hut what vvas tho wretched fears and doubts of tho two infidels. Ho desired tn see a missionary spirit grow up and spread amongst the community. John Wesley had snid thero was no bucIi thing ns going to heaven nlnno. Ho now heartily wished them God speed ; if wo do not again meet in tho ciiurch, mny wo meet where congregations do not break up and Sabbaths have no end. (Loud and continued applause.) The choir iiaving sung a livmn, 1 lie Chairman said that tho Rev. Mr Dowson would now address the meeting, and it would lie the la3t time his voice would ho heard there, as ho was about to he removed to Mnruya, Tho Rev Mr Dowson. in a lengthy address, nd- vncated tho unity nf sects of Christians. He loved all who loved our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Words with some people wero very cheap and went forth from the lips without any difficulty, hut ho desired to see aots amongst Christians, that unity and brotherly love which wa9 tho bond of our common Church. While listening to tho Archdeacon thnt evening, ho oneo considered that lie would mako a good Methodist preacher (laughter), hut ho chocked that thought seeing that lie was doing a great and glorious work in the Episcopalian Church, and ho wished him God speed. (Loud applause.) He desired that every person should use his conscience as to what section of the faith ho should follow, and it would give him great delight to hear that tho Church nf Christ was in great prosperity. He felt the kindness ho had received whilst in Yass. not only from tho mombors of his church but from others who wero not so. The rev. gentle man then touchingly referred to the decenso of Miss Greaves, whose remains he had seen con signed to tho gravo that afternoon, nnd bore high testimony tn her pietv and meokness. IIo proceed ed to address (lie young present on the subject of giving themselves up to Christ, and that hy so doing they would liereafter feel no rogrot. IIo concluded a most sensible address with referring to the progress of Christ's Church during the past three years, and resumed his seat amidst groat ap plause. Mr W. Davios (of Goulburn) nddressod tho meeting, alluding to tho death of the aminhlo young lady whoso decease imd bo recently taken plnco. IIo had esteemed her as a friend, and loved hor as a daughter. Her hand was within his when her breath left her. and her closing moments showod how could a Christian din. She had lived well; (loath was therefore robbed of its Pting. He had hnd abundant opportunity nf watching her career in 1: fo. Whilo in class meetings ho was her instructor. Passing then to tho subject of Christian union ho hoped we might soe moro of it. Their pastor had boon his guest on several occasions, and he hoped ho would make " my homo his homo " when ever he journeyed his way. (Applause ) Thero would be always a different church organisation, but tho churches would eventually bo evangelised when thoro will ono fold and one Shepherd. He said. " if you ho a Presbyterian, ho ono : if you bo an Episcopalian, be one ; if you be a Wesleyan Methodist, bo ono ; of all tho isms indiffcrentism was tho worBt." Ho believed the Presby terian Church in Yass would flourish, and were ho to live hero he would tako his chance alongsido it. Aftor smno further remarks, and a high compli ment to the eloquence of the Rov. Mr Maokray, tho speaker resu nod his seat amidst loud ap- plauso. Mr Affleck (of Gundaroo) proposed a voto of thanks co the ladies for their services on tho pre sent occasion. Mr Kill -seconded it, and it was carried by acclamation. The Doxnlogy having been sung, tho benediction was given, and the meeting broke up at tea o'clock. 