GHOST GLEN. As far back as tho year 1820, the Illawarra bush, especially that portion of it extending from Dapto to the northern boundaries of the Shoalhaven dis- trict, was frequented by cedar-cutters, or, to use the common term, sawyers. At that time these men were the true pioneers of European civilisation. Long before the farmer or grazier had set foot in these wilde--years prior to the novelty of "clear- ing off" and " fencing in" — the tent of the sawyer was a familiar object to the local blacks. With but few exceptions, the early cedar-cutters were con- victs out on " ticket-of-leave," and employed by timber speculators and others. It may be guessed from the foregoing that the word "civilsation" re- quires some qualification in the present instance. Many of the blackest dyed ruffians of their time were to be found in the ranks of the Illawarra saw- yers. If rocks and trees could have spoken, they might have been able to tell tales "O'er-topping the very front and head of horror." But the few cases of crime that came to light inde- pendent of supernatural agency worn diabolical enough to shock even the not over-sensitive colonial society of those days. For instance, the murder which gave birth to the legend of " Ghost Glen," was, in plot and perpetration, of a most Satanic character. A young immigrant — a new chum, in fact— stayed a night at the small settlement of Kiama on his way to Hurry's station at Shoal haven. He had somo money about him of .which ho made a loo frequent display. Most likely ho was excited by drink — a supposition thut-is strengthened by tbo stury that his JCiuiua host sold grog on tlio sly. A great brindled sheep dug accompanied lnm. Two men — characters with the brand oftho ruffian on their faces— drank Bpirits at hid expmse ; plied him with conversation m which tho word "mato" was prominent j and bually stai ted away with him ostonsibly to guide him to his destination by a short out.. Tho unfortunate Ira vol torn over- turned' np' again. 1 His compinions who were, known to, bo sawyers of the worst class, and whose camp was supposed to be in tho neighbourhood of ICiama, suddenly disappeared from the d striot. They left no oluc to point to their whereabouts, nor did it ap pear that they were ever traced out. Hut somo months after their hasty departure ono of Berry's assigned servants lost his way in the bash, near the present sito of Gcrringong, and during the two nights camped in an isolated glen oloso to a narrow sea-creek. From his statement of what > ho heard and saw there originated the legend: forming this sketch. The man was lost for several days.' ' A little tobacco, a pipe, and a flint and steel where the only things he had about him. Consequently, when ho was picked up — ho was found on tlie fourth or fifth day — ho was half-starved, . The delirium of hunger may have been the cause of tho apparition by which he swore he was visited ;bn the second and third nights of his stay iu the bush, Tho startling facts, however, that the burnt bones of a human being wero subsequently found in the glen described by him gavo weight to his story, and clovatcd the whole tiling into a popular tradition. Of course, the present writer docs . not pretend to imply that there was any supernatural feature in! tho case. Tho talo circulated by Berry's servant aud the discovery of the bones may have formed a mere coincidence— one certainly equalled in the marvellous direction by others ocenrring elsewhere, and furnishing better proofs of tboir. accidental character. Or it may havo happened that, during his temporary . insanity, tho man came across tlie human tomaius. Admitting this to be the true side of the ease, tho horrible visions of the gliu ore easily explained. An abnoimally excitedimagina- tion drew the picture (ghost and all) from the bare suggestions afforded by a mouldering skeleton'. But bo that as it may, tho servant's story has be come " part and parcel " of tho ghost-literature of Australia. What he saw, or rather what he pro fessed to have seen, may bo described, in, a very few sentences.,, , > The first night of the vision set in rainy. A- cold sea-wind was blowing, and the wanderer > had ; to make a wurle y to insnro some protection from it. By means of his flint and steel ho got up'a fire,, but of courso ho was supperlcss. A quid of' tobacco, however, served to alay the pains of hunger; and the poor fellow, managed in time to got to sleep. How long that slumber lasted he 'could never tell. Perhaps a couplo of hours — perhaps longer. He was awakened by faint sounds like distant gratings of a " cross-out " saw. At that moment ho was tapped on tlio --shoulder;' Looking ; ro und ho:.''saiy" a bloody hand aud part of an arin thrust up through the grass, close to his nock. When he. turned the apparition disappeared. The grating noise ceased at the same time; Trembling with cold and fright, he got up and replenished his fire. The light and warmth of - the : latter woro hardly sufficient to ;re- storo his nerves to their normal condition. But after a while he inclined to tho belief that ho ' had had a vivid nightmare, and towards -morning Iho wont off to sleep again; A cry — a distant;. cry from Bomo human being in agony — startled; him out of a confused dream. Tho . grating of, the Baw was renowed; but this time the/sound appeared- to corao from a spot not n bundorcd yards off. He looked in the indicated direction. He siw — just for. a second only — the faint blurrod figures of two men. The feet of ono were over tlio head of tlio other. The lower sbapo seemed to bo standing in a shallow pit. The other was evidently supported by. a platform raised a few feet from the ground. They were saw ing, but tbo saw was invisible. Tho terrified spectator sprang to his foet, shook himself -to be assured of his wakefulness, and looked again. There was nothing to , be seen besides tho vague outlines of the forest. Sleop for tlie vest of the night was out of the question, He sat in his .wurtey and waited for the morning. ,. : . The day broke bne, and eoutiuued so, but the wanderer .was - too weak to leave tha glou.y He managed, however, to crawl about half a mile in the direction of the sea. Here he made choice of an other camping-place. Ho was lucky enough to kill an iguana, which ho soou roasted and devoured. , As night drew on a heavy thunderstorm gathered up from the west. It was followed by a gale, wbioh lasted into the middle of next day. Tlio traveller not being able to kocp up a firo, look quartors in a large hollow log. Weanuoss and cold soon blunted tbo impressious of tbo previous night, and -the re' 1 suit was a sound slumber, : Tbo first apparition cumo this time in one of- the I loudest fits of tho gnlo Tlio sloopor was orousod by i a torrifio clap of thundor. His opening oyos woro ; met by tlio appearance of a gashed blood-dabbled fuco staring at bim through tlio further cavity of tho log. About fifty foot iroui tho romams oi his firo thoro was a kind of black hcap,ovorwhioli a dog wns apparently lying. Tho voices of nion and tho loud noiso of a saw in full work were heard in the first pauso of tho wind. A slight movement on the pnrtof the spectator caused - faco, dog, and heap to disappear. But tlio sawing and . talking continued. Almost orazed with torror, tbo man got up and wont out into tho rain. Ho was; greeted by a demoniac laugh and tho polling of n pitiless shower. But the supernatural sounds immedi ately ceasod. Tho last apparition found him lying in- a vaguo. state, half-way hotweon sleep and- a fear- stricken wakefulness." A gurgling voice, the voice of a man in intense agony, Baid to him, "For God's sake, tell tho Sydney peoplo of this!".. A doubled-up body, a mashed moaning body, lay at the opening of tho log ; a great-limbed but wasted sheepdog licked the dead battered face; distinct in tho darkness thero appeared a sawpit— logs, orass-pieccs, and all. Tworsawyers— huge rough- boarded mon — were work ing in a ring of ghastly light. To the ring of tho pit lay the smouldering remains of a camp firo. Diabolical curses, mingled with shrieks, seemed to coma from every quarter of tho compaas. Tho torrified traveller remained inotionlesB. In ono of tho breaks of tbo storm bo beard a man say., "Take tbo money— take ovorytlung, but let mo go." A savage reply was broken short by a sudden burst of thuuder. The dog howled piteously in the darknoss.. Thou n coarso cursing voice shouted out, "Lot's pitch tho ou tho lire, and out the cur's throat:" A second of silenco was followed by a piercing yell and a vivid il ash of lightning. . Tbo pit and its occupants disappeared as if by magic. Dog and body wero not to bo seen. Tha ouly noises abroad were tboso of the gale. But just beforo day- broak a dead, waxy, face appeared at tho opening of mo log. The bps movod and whispered faintly. Tho first words were indistinct, but the listener caught tho most of the rest. They woro theso : — "1 did my boqj;, but Louoy will nover know it. They havo slaughtored poor old Nop, too. That oursod eawpit. .Writo to Sydney, Louoy." Tho traveller moved - hie arm, and tho apparition vanished. This was the last of the. alloged super natural appearances. A scaroh-party from Barry's station fell in with tho lost Borvant on the fourth or fifth day of his wanderings. He was very much exhausted, but lie appeared to bo sauo. Nothing indioativo of delirium could bo discovered in his conversation or manner. Want of food and shelter had made him woak and nervouB, but no other effects were evident. His Btory-was told in a clear, conscculivo way, and all his later versions of it agreed in dotail with tho first. Tho present writer liae already pointed out its subsequent popularity with a certain class of peoplo living iu tho locality of tho "Qlon." Thoy assert that tha awful spcctaclo witnessed by Berry's Borvant is to bo seen nt intervals during cvory stormy night. They swear that the grating of the spectral saw is often distinctly heard by tbo neighbouring farmers. But it must bo confessed that tlio fore going nssortions aro confined to the old Irish inhabi tants of tbo distr.ct. No doubt they kavo imported with them that spirit of superstition which is pecu liar to tho Colt. Half the ghost stories amalga mated with tho onrly traditiousof tho colonics might bo traced to one common cause. As hereinbefore stated, there is nothing to show that tho murderers of tho Kiama travoller wore ever trncod. But Pat M 'Anally, an old Bhinglo-splilter, who lived at Bnlli, noar Wollongong, used to toll a Btory somewhat startling in its oharaoter. Thirty years ago ha had a mate who wont by tho name of Join Hicks. Jom was n ' lifer" of the worst olass. According to M'Anally's statement, be was in tlio best of his moods a enrly ruffian. " Black Jem " was no faVouritb with the settlers ; but being a good hand, ho wns tolerated for the sake of bis skill. So in tiino lie went into a rough form of partnership with iV r M 'Anally, and took up bis abodo in the hat ter's hut. These men ivcro iu the habit of sleep ing in difforcnt berths in the oue room. 'J em, whose habitual taciturnity appeared to nriBofrom a morose disposit ion, wus hardly ii suitable companion 'fur his lively Irish partner. But they managed to " hit it" together till a certain night of tempestuous I weather sot in. One of tho wildest gales over? known in Illawarra came on at this time. Jem, ; who could never sloop' wall iu stormy periods,, was i peculiarly restless now. His faco' assumed a weary look- — tho look of one hnnntcd. Thc wiiid moaned ! bitterly tliyoupti thp. aiqba n E PJio butL crvi Mdudi'fKeriSunderibloud ifteted across tlnrsky. Every now and then M'Aually's mate cast a furtive glaiico in tho directiou of the door. Ho appeared as if ho expected somebody. M'Aually, growing un easy, essayed to engago him in conversation. "-Fine night this for a ghost story, oh, Jem?" Jein re mained silent. " This reminds mo," continued Pat', "of that yarn about the haunted sawpit at Gerring-: orig." ' His 'companion turned sharply, round, as if 1 he had .been bitten , by . something,, and faced: him. " -What's up," mate ?'-' asked Pat; ' You hold iybr- gab about; thnt ere Gerringong affair— d'ye bear 1 : Pity we hadn't you there!" "What' do ye mean?": inquired M'Anally, .rising! T, The other sat. back and: said nothing.'' For some time both men were ' silent : — Pat coming finally to tho conclusion that his mate! had been drinking. " Jem," he said; ' " sorry that : I got my shirt up; perhaps,' as y6n look- whitish, there is' something wrong : with tho ' liver." ' The; apol igy -.was interru pted by a deafening clap of j thunder. Black 'Jeih . stepped sharply across the : roqm. iiiuttering to himself. The idoor flew ojieu, and the wind rushed in with , a yell like the howl of .- a ! dog. " Curse,' the money, ", . shouted Hicks, ; -.''.Curse the dog. Will a follow never get ; peace ? | Hold your infernal gab, mate, anent that Gorringong : bu8tness."i You're not a-goin' to pump me." ; " Why : you black-Jaeed hound;" cried' Pat, ' 'Btarting 'from , his'bunk, "ypuare one of; them, are you ? You; shall not leavo this hut unbound ! ' Hioks 'picked ' up a junk: of ; firewood,, flung it at M'Anally, ;aud; rushed out into the darkness; He was never beard i of again.- — Australasian. - . ii!.. 