A QUEER GHOST; . We take tho following from the Btirrangong Argue of Saturday; it roads remarkably "sensational," bnt is treated of seriously by the journatist :— In these -enlightened times it seems atrnqst an absurdity to talk about ghosts raakiug their -appearsnco; Dui.tno ionowing statement of what hua befallen three respectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may bo relied upon by readera aa being no Hoax,._Tho three mpn reforred to are split- j ting posts and rails for fencing at a placo about i four miles from ' Young, near the Three-mile and tho old Duffer Rush. Tho first time they I saw anything unusual was ou one moonlight night, about threo wooks ago, when tlioy wero startled by seeing in the bush near their hut, a white objeot -about tho' sise of q oat, but of no particular form. Thla extraordinary- looking object suddenly beforo their eyes sprung np into a whilo spootre about eight feet high. They ' oailed out to it, but could got no reply, struok il with a stick, and it soundod hollow. It also ohoaod two of them one way, and one another. , On another oooasion they retired to bed at'the' usual hour on a calm still night, wont to sloop, and.alopt for somo time, and, upon one. waking up in the night, he was mti.li .iirnriuiil tn find that: thS Whole of. the roof of the hut had boen removed.. \Qn lopk- ing ont they saw ihrtipeatrarhutTWiimorwtia- about, "and they are quite aure.that neither on this" or' tho former :o'coasion waa it either a man or it woman. Its suddenly rising beforo their eyes from mere nothing to 'a height of eight feet quite dumbfounded them. Another . night they were surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly-looking animal somewhat resembling a dog; with a long obaiu attached to it. This animal, oome right in front of tho hot, and commomjed' grinning, at them;1 but matlo no noise,, either by barking or otherwise,' save the occasional rattling of his chain. . As the animal wonld not go away, one of ,the men (who, was a good shot) .loaded a gon, :and fired :the con tents direot at the brute,' but the: shot - took no effect' upon it. The dog, or whatever1 it wob, remained for sbnnL considerablo timo. On another night tho dog. seemed to haye.potnriied, for thoy hoard the rattling of a ohain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. 'Upon looking outside, thoy saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, bnt they could not see what caused 'it to be' so, although they could, while looking, distinctly "iiefi' tho'sSme " iioiso "describad abovo. watched it for, some .time, the plate .' being kept in motion, and the noiso being distinctly heard as if the:plate waa being licked by some animal. On Sanday last these men came into Yonng, and- upon one of them returning in the evening hb fonnd that the door ef the h.ut had been pulled . down and -its contents, brought outside and left there. Two out of. the throb men are well-known- to. us; and we fcel conG- dent that what we have stated may he, relied upon as the truth; A shepherd told these men that seme timo ago' two men who were splitting - there' ' quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards fell a tree on bim,. and that it was, nothing extraordinary. for the murdered man's ghost to, make its appear- anco. ' ; - .. " Chinese WoiijN" and Opidm.— ."Tf tho small aggregation ot Mongolians existing -in this township' fail to nndorstand tho duties attendant upon .that exiatenco (obBervea tho' Ararat Advertiser),' they, have,! a ready enough comprehension of things in whiph their plea-, sures or passions are. concerned. ' And -they have -also tho -power of gathoring to them-, selves agents - to tho gratification of both,, whiah they exOTcise.' with an' effect very olten startling to us. The .most convincing and at the same time most: humiliating proof of this is the fact that, several young girls, of Engl'jsh birth or extraction, live in that-.eamp a life of, degradation and vice impossible in any othor cbnimnnity, And "J obn;- UolWitliStsndingbiB traditional attBclimebt' to' the almond-eyed, smallrfcotod beauties of the Flowery Land, evidences a tolerably correct appreciation of the' charmB of ' barbarian', fonqale face, and flgure. Hence he never .burdens' his : camp .with old and ill-ioolring women, but be will angle long and skilfully lor V jrootigl igood-looking daughter of. the straiigora. - And when he -gbts her he keeps; her; itis no use: for father, or mother, brother, or - lover to lfy arid reclaim- her. The opium pipe bas hceu mado pleasant, to iter, and the, craving for, it-holds hbr like a band -of iron ; dtinkj.,'ornamdnts, and" oven raonov aro iiberaUv furnished her, bnt their. value, is depreciated' '.indefinitely by the all pbtfntlfol' drugi' ' Under tbbse .debasing influ ences, .young , girls becpjiio lefs like "human: beings than .nni«i&g.;,a|)&piaU;'; '.ttaqr'floso all desire for anything, .bettor . than excitement of the very grossest, kind, and the! ides of a re turn 'to decent life is to them repugnant in the extreme. Nor are they exempt from the brutality of, their ; lord's and keepers ; " it i is no inevitable cohfeqbence' of embracing tjiis jkind of career,' that pbyaieal Buffdring immediately attends. .: Insult, blows, .and punishments worse than that, . are' common" among, these people; but for thorn all the great panacea is the opiutrt pipe— a remedy worsa than the disease: We remark thus at IsngtH npbn tho wretched state ofitheso Chinese women' bocauieit is neces sary that iba" real, truth jtiVopla '.'be known before tbejproper abhorrence of the life chn be inspired. It is within our,experionce that they have been brought into "police courts", hyste- rically sobbing,1 and convulsively' natchin'g at anything for support, half mad with opium 'aud wholly insensiblo .froih,' drink. - One of those oamo into tho local Court .on Tnesday,- 'charged with using obsceno and disgusting langnago in a pnblie .place, .'and .waa, sent to prison for six months, in. defanlt of paying a fine of £5. She was a gopdlobking girl, apparently of dcccnnt station in life; bnt liad -uttcrly fallen froni, all good in -her association with 1 the pooplo-6f-tha-Chineso:camp4.ahd..shB_isbnly. ono of liuodrods;whp are daily succumbing.tQ the eviljufluonoes -of. these peBls of Victorian -SiciotyT' . i.'. .1 .-i 1 ' WateII . Vkloo7pedSs?-A ' party'1 'ofTrisoy Napoleon's aides-do'-camp bavo made a trip from Nico to Villofranoit on'wator velooipodos. Theso ninchinos consist of two'mlnlatnro patellel oanooB, which support a aort of ohhlr'; the1 paddle-wheel, placed; botweon tho canooB, is ' ptonfllled by tho feet only, and js'covotod liko tiie pautilp- whwil of "n etoamor -to' protect' tlio'driVor frpm tho watcr it tlirowa up.' T h eir' b p p e tl1 1 a eai d ti bOvorjr 'great. ' . A. coiirt df Lyons; lias just. decided' a" point of law wlilch iwoins't'o ,ho a now one, iJatnoly. tliat wheii ft h'ualiiin'H proscciitefl h i a. , W ifo f Orn d ll 1 1 o r y , .tlio , ploa of tii 'quay tic lata' good 'one not only for her— that' ia specially provided, for. byj tho code— ! but-fofjb'af awomplico, , , . " :' ' . 