UNDER THE VERANDAH. I wonder what tho seatlees Byrne v;ill feel called upon to do. Every hour he holds office without a Beat in Parliament, he adds to his otultificatioD. The avenger of wrong-doerB is now involved in the very wrong-doing he de nounced. He is damning himself politically by tho commission of the darling sin he de clared he bad no mind to, but whioh his uuiujr imbues no ih ounsmeruoiy menaoa to. The treasurerahip is rather an important office to fill without responsibility to anybody. That self-same office (without audit) has been the day-dream of many an enthusiast, who could see hia way to be satisfied with even a month's occupation npon the before- recited terms. I have not, as yet, had positive authority for the rumor that the Government depositB are to be equally divided between the Colonial and tho Land Mortgage Banks. Of course I don't be lieve it. It is only men like James M'Oulloch, who are self-seeking, corrupt, and disposed to construe their private benefit as the public goo,1. The hon. J. T. Smith, for instance, wouldn't dream of such a thing. Isn't Mr Smith, by tho way, rather unceremoniously used by Mr M'Lollan. Why should Mr Smith be turned out of the office where there might be the op portunity of gaining credit by refusing ' kick,' in order to be converted into that refuge of ioi booility, the Postmaster-Generalship ? Ii there any administrative ability needed in the latter department ? Is there, indeed, any qualifica tion required, except the negative one of not opening other people's letters ? It mist ba highly consoling to ex-ministers to know that the new men mean to adopt their measures. Having effected a burglarious entranoo iute their promises, I (?on't see why they shouldn't rob them of their political principles. Seldom hsu thore been, Under tho Verandah, such interest in aiy election contests a3th3.se jast conoluded. The Treasurer divided the betting interest with Mr Redwood's lot, and for a double event M'Keau and The Fop, ooupled, were in considerable favor. E 7en Nightingales sang small in the fierce run of interest taken in1 these political events. More hundreds were laid than hata, and some of the knowing ones performed tho agreeable feat, known in the ring as ' Skinning the lamb.' Oa tho even ing of the Maryborough election, tho Verandah was largely represented,, inside as well a? out side, of the London Tavern. The intervals be tween the arrival of the various telegraphio re turns, were improved by political addresses of ' the most stirring character. Some of the frequenters of the pavement disclosed a vivid ness of imagination, a forco of thought, and a fervid eloquence whioh won't be lost sight of when candidates are next wanted. Of one professional candidate it was sail that the only spirited thing he had ever done was to get himself kicked down the office stairs of a brother professional, and that, being of an un appreoiative turn of mind, unable to perceive the full force of the joke, he afterwards brought an action of battery, resulting in his triumphant and complete sneoeas, with a farthing damages. A West Bourk3 elector, on that memorable evening, announced to the crowd that he had'nt voted at all. ' WolL! I would'nt vote for John Thomas Sniith at any price, and I didn't think Swallow quite up to the mark, and bo £ wouldn't vote for either of them. H jwever, I'm rather sorry now, I wish I'd voted for Smith.' Pressed to explain upon what grouada this tardy regret waa based, the repantmt votar said: — ' Well, then, it wag this way. 'Having ? to turn oat about daylight the other morning, blessed if I did'nt see John Thomas a-poit* ing of his own bills in the bush 1 How, I think a man that displays suc^ economy and industry, ought to have h id my vote.' They tell me that one oaniidate's position on the poll was not a little due to hia previous election expenses reaming over-dae aid unpaid. The free and independent felt that the only chance of their money was to above him through straight once more. Ia — thore was some hazy prospeot of payment ; oat — not the ghost of a chance. They.aay, Under the Verandah, that it isn't truo that Jamea M'Callooh is going to resign his seat in order to create a vaoanoy for his successor at the Treasury. It would be a very Christian-liko and forgiving thing to do, but I fear he won't do it. I am afraid that some of our trans- ocean neighbors are becoming a little mad apon the subjeot of quartz mining. They are, however, mad with a difference. The New Zealandera are mad enough to bolieve that the people of Viotoria will be so— well, confiding 1 aa to take shares in the splendid companies they havo been launohing 'on paper' for some time past. The letters from the Thames gold-fiolda usually convey orders to sell 20,000 or 30,000 . shares in claims never before heard of here, but all of which are next to some of these desirable claims where they obtain a£ .least : one pound of gold from every ounce of quartz. It has been observed by the people Under the Verandah, that most of the Bbrewd Victorian visitors to the Thames ooms back as bare of , aorip as they went. They all say the goldfiald is a wonderful one, but Bomehow they don't lay out much of their own money there. It ia evidently a plaoe to put a friend's money into rather than one's own. Tho Tasmania's are, in a small way, getting feverish. They havo bad a vioit from a select band of Ballaru', promotion men, who have sold them shareB in their own companies at cent, per cent, profit ; and the investors enjoyed tho operation so muoh that they publicly entertained the gon tlomen who had bo considerately rolievod thorn of Bomo of their spare cash. Mark ! I do not say that the Tasmanian quartz companies won't turn out profitably, but I know this — : .. th^w? ?{ ^? Bdve&tarou;! gentlemen, from . this side of tho water, upon whose judgment ' . the enthusiastic Tasmaniaus wentin over head and ears, never saw the quartz from the prin cipal claim launched until after his return from verdant Van Dieman's Land. . Ho liked the people much, and, on the same terms as previously, wouldn't mind another- trip with 'complimentary banquet given in* I . Thero are little tricks everywhere. Under iho Verandah we begin to think that we are primitive and Arcadian a3 compared with soma of those rustic innocents who lire amongst the lambs. I have had handed ma the narrative' , of a pastoral episode whioh the writer suggests (lioing a first contribution) may need Botne fur . biahing up. I really do not see the necessity. J The story is well and Bimply told, and has tbe further merit of conveying a moral aa to the; readiness with which politics adapt themselves: to self-interost. The writer vouohes for tbe truth of hisnarrative.thenamesonlybeing changed :— j . ' la the neighborhood in whioh I reside, a well-known bat little liked-sqnatter, having borrowed more money, than he could pay, from; the great wool-brokers, ' Messrs SilverUsh and Co,' sold his run to some new arrival from a' neighboring colony. I must premise that a short time . before, a portion of Li 3 ran was; gazetted as the Btiwbaw Farmers'- Common, j However, Mr Lobford had new chums to deal ; .with, so he said never a word about tbe com- 1 moD, and on a rumor reaching the new coiners (the day before the transfer was to be madf ) he pledged his honor that he had not heard a word about a common, and then rode off to tho man agers to beg them not to serve the notice to remove the sheep for a week; As ebon 'at the eale was over the cat camo out of the bag. Messrs Green-hands, the new owaers at once laisea 01 inw. x-ut naey iouna mat xur xjod ford had sold the run, and Messrs Silvertish and Co., of Melbourne, had reotived tho cash. I must now pass over three. months. The common business has been settled., The man-' agers have given some odd cornets in exobange for some purohaeed blocks in the middle of the common. Mr Lobford returns to the locality. He has saved two allotments from the rain, and he reappears, in the character he had so: long despised , aa a cockatoo farmer. I suppoBe hjs conscience is troubled with* tho thoughts of the merciless way in whioh he had impounded cattle and otherwise worried the farmers. S- this great constitutionalist no* veera ronnd and becomes an advanced Liheral, and a champion of the people. He writes to the Bulloalf Shire Counoil to inform them that the managars of the Bawbaw Farmers' Common ? allowed Messrs Green-hand's sheep to ran on the common to the injury of the commoners: Un fortunately the Counoil fanoy spite ia at the bottom of Me Lobford'a liberal views, and take no notice of- his letter.' 'f'- : ' ' ' ? When initiating in Parliament the system of Xiifo Assurances : in connection with the Post Office Siving Bauks; the Hon. W: E. Glad stono said that git required thirty years exis tence to fully test the soundness of a 'Life A-j- earanco Company, and the correctness of its tables. Oi the accuracy of thi3 view there is just now a painful illustration. la the last English telegrams it is stitod that-lh? Albert' Life Assurance Co. is unable to meet its engage ments. Now, from the Company's advertise ments it appears that the subscribed capital of the Albert was £500,003, that its annual in come was £350,000, and its new premiums in 1867, £28 8G3. It offered insurers tbe security of a reserve- fund and a capital of half- a million. It was '.established in 1838, and failed in 1869, the thirtieth year of- its exis tence. Isu't^a collapse of a couoarn thawing enormous iiguros like these 'enough to- shake the confidence of every life-insurer ? Who can feel (safe when an income of a third of a million per annum isn't sufficient to stave off bank ruptcy? Why, a man might as well invest every shilling he possessed in a Queensland Coppermine or a State-lottery ticket as toil on for years, contributing to the folly, tho ignb- : ranee, or tno viliany 01 a uoara or directors without an idea beyond the receipt of feea'f or each formal sitting. Let me compliment the City Sarveyor. He has at length awakened to the saccesa of a road-makiog experiment of a. year or two back. Some time after his accession to office, and 'when tho new street broom was sweeping very vigorously and cleanly, Mf Adams made some Broad-metalling experiments upon contiguous sections of Collins-street. One of these was the binding of the ordinary road metal with fine blue stone screenings. After the roller bad been passed over the metal, a0 lady might have safely ridden over the new road at a 'band canter. A good smooth roadway was made in stantaneously, instoad of the coarse metal boing ground into powder by the gradual attrition of traffic. Everyone could see how decisive was ihr\ siTin.nAWI. Vinh if. ia nnlw nnnr affai. a nnnaiAnv able' lapse of time, that tho system is being practically adopted, as witness the late metal ling of Collins street between Elizabeth and Sivanston-streets. Better lute than never, Mr Adamp, so please aooopt tho congratu ' otions of an obliged public By tho way, who 5s responsible for the non- watering of the streets oh dusty days? I don't see why, as citizens, ratepayers, and teetotallers (gome of u») wo should be stifled, as we were on Tuesday last, on the lee side of the street, whioh seemed to le both sides simultaneously. From resy mom to dewy ere, tbe street was as parohod as Coleridge's Ancient Mariner, and if the prayers of the wicked avail anything, I wouldn't give much for the future prospects of the official re sponsible for a neglect which is habitual. The losemen are in the same conspiracy with Japiter Pluviua, and oommenoe to water vigor ously, bo noon asthajrain beginB to fall koavily. ? MQLE8. 