CHRIST (DHUBCH, NORTH SHORE. , The foundation-stone «f a new ohurch, for the Anglican residents of the parish «f WUloughby, -on the North Shore, was laid on Wednesday afternoon, by Dr. Barker, the Metro politan Bishop, in the presenoe of a large body of clergymen 4ind many hundred lay msmbsre vt tiib Churoh of 'Finpfjwr^i A considerable number of the clergy and laity came over from the Sydney side in a steamer, whish landed .{hem at the bottom of the recently-completed stone steps at the head of Lavender Bay, and in the immediate vicinity of The edifice— to be known as Christ Churoh— is to stand . on a comparatively narrow ledge rather more than half way up the steep declivity at the head of the bay— a site .at once convenient and picturesque, oommgnning a truly magnificent view oi the harbour, the city, and ite surrounding neigh bourhood. By means of excellent roads, already judiciously laid out and constructed, easy aooess' wijl be had to this church from every portion of that populous section of the parish of Willoughby, for which the struoture is princi pally designed, from the elevated and rugged nature of the ground a somewhat large amount must have been ex pended on the foundation, which has been brought up to the floor line, the foundations resting on the solid rock. The 'comer stone' laid on fhe 26th August was found by the visitors to bo a block of about one ton weight, the place in which it was fixed (with all proper ?formalities) being immediately under the oriel window of the chancel apse. On ita eastern face there is a bras; tablet let into the atone, with an inscription in Church Text, with illuminated initials, to the following effect:— ' This stone was laid by his Lordship the Bishop of Sydney, August 25, 1869. Benjamin Backhouse, architeot' The stone has been so placed that this inscribed tablet executed by Mr. G. Twemlow, of Pitt-streetr-oanbeTead by those who are outside the main walls. The churoh will consist ef a nave, 80 feet by 35 feet, having an elevation of 60 feet to the apex of the roof; chancel, 25 feet by 20 feet; vestry, IS feet by 12 feet ; and organ chamber, 15 feet bv 10 feet. The' tower and spire, on the south side of the apeidal chancel, is to rise to the height of 120 ' feet from the ground line. The style adopted is ''Early English,' the treatment being such as effectually to provide for tho comfort of the -congregation, and, at the same time, to give an air of spaciousness not usually to be realised in any ecclesiastical structure of such moderate dimonnionn. The nave is spanned with one high- jntohed roof trussed by Gothic principals; and the ventilation is abundantly pro vided for by lour lofty windows on either side of the churoh ; it being, moreover, propoecd so to arrange what are techni cally called the ' lights ' that all these windows may be opened simultaneously. Ventilatisn and light are yet further provided for by dormers in tho roof, and by ' quatre foil ' incisions in the gables. The walls ore to be of etone, the raof open timbered, and slated externally. The design was one unanimously selected by the committee from those Bent in competition, and has been approved of by the Bishop. It certainly reflects the highest honour upon Mr. Benjamin Backhouse, tho arohitect, under whose direction the work 1b being efficiently carried out by Mr. William Eaton, tho builder. Viewed from the city or the harbour Christ Church— judging from the drawings exhi titod on the ground— must prove to be a very staking and beautiful object. At the ceremony of laying the foundaUon- Btone the arrangements were such as were extremely credit able to ihe committee, and to all others specially concerned. Among those present were the Metropolitan Bishop, the Bishop of Gralton and Armidolo, the Dean of Sydnoy. the i Bev. Canon O'Reillv, the Rev. Dr. Barry, the Rev. I Messrs. W. B. Clarke, Middleton, Creeney, H. King, S. Fox, Stanley Mitchell, Rich, Allworth, Unwin, Hayden, TMn-nrd Smith, Pillard, and Kildahl, the Hon. Messrs. Jc.iiu Campbell end Francis Lord, Mr. James Milson, Mr. Charles Campbell, Mr. R. Lamb, Mr. W. Tucker, Captain Norrie, Mr. A. J. Ralston, Mr. Henning, Mr. G. E. Dibbs, Mr. John Blue, Mr. Loxtan, Mr. George Baroett, Mr. James Mackaness, Mr. Charles Wool cott, Mr. George Barney and Mrs. Barney, Mr. John Roesiter, Mr. James Gordon and Mrs. Gordon, Mr. John Can, Captain R. F. Fookley. and Mr. W. P. Weoloott. On the clergy reaching the ground— proceeding from a temporary viBtry to the west of the site— the attendants were duly placed and silenoe made, and the Bishop, clergy, and people began the service with the versides, taken from ihe commencement of Evening Prayer. Then the 132nd Psalm {memento Domine) was said, followed by the Lesson (1st Epjatlo to the Corinthians, 3rd chapter), read by the Rev. W. B. Clarke. The Bishop next read the Collects for the 13th Sunday after Trinity and for the Feast of St. Simon and St. Jude. Mr. Charles Palmer, of the building committee, read the scroll to be placed under the stone. The inscription on the parchment (placed in a hermetically sealed jar) was as follows :— ' This fonndation-stone of a church to be called Christ's Church, in the parish of Willoughby, erected by voluntary subscriptions, aided by a bequest of the late William Lithgow, Esq., was hud by the Right Reverend Father in God, Frederic, Lord Bishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan of Australia, on the 26th day of August, in the year of our Lord 1869, the 33rd year of the reign of H. M. Queen Victoria, and the 61st year of the colony of New South Wales, the Right Honorable the Earl of Belmore, Gover nor. The Lord Bishop of Sydney, trustee of the site; W. B. Clarke, M.A., licensed minister of Willoughby; R. F: Fockley, Charles M. Palmer, and John Roasiter, members of the building committee; A. J. Ralston, trea surer ; and B. Backhouse, architect' The sorcill was then placed under the stone, which 'was lowered and fixed, the . Metropolitan Bishop assisting, and afterwards pronouncing these worts i — ' I lay this as the foundation stone of a church to be built in this place ; to be named Christ' s Church, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholio faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, asd ef the Son, and of the Holy Ghost— Anum.' The Bishop then repeated two verses from the Psalms, invoking the Divine blessing upon the work; to whioh the people responded Amen. An appropriate hymn (written for the occasion by the Rev. W . B. Clarke), was then sung by the Sunday school children of St. Leonards, and with a very pleasing and solemn effect, the people gradually taking part in the same. Then followed the Apostles Creed, and the Lord's Prayer ; after' which the Bishop recited the prayer, 'O most glorious Lord God,' &o.; The Metropolitan Bishop de livered a short, impressive, and in. every way suitable address to the people, expressing, in the course of his remarks, the pleasure they all felt at the presenoe of his right reverend brother, the Bishop of Grafton and Armi dale. A collection was made at the stone, and a very consider able sum thus raised: the Metropolitan being the first who so contributed to the fund. The proceedings were concluded with the customary benediction. It is believed that this building, so much required, will be completed in the course of a few months. ^ «.—?_? 