THE TURKISH BATHS, ALB EKT. STREET. (From the Courier.) Comparatively few of uur citizens seem to be aware of the luxury now placed within their reach hy the OBtabli&hueut; uf the above Whs. Indeed, long ns Turkish baths have been known in the old country, there seems to bo a vrry considerable amount of misappre hension on the pnrl of tho general public ns to their value anil importance, as well as the modus operandi ' and tho effects which are ' produced. Thorc is a vaguo ideanmoug mnny that the bather is either baked or par-boiled tinder great agony, then put through boiuo other mysterious process equally painful, and at last, when endurance hns scachcd its utmost limit, ho is relieved, placod on a sofa in a cool room, and fancies himself better than before he entered the hath. In order to remove any false impressions which may have been formed on the subject by persons who have not as yet veuturcd into tho hath " to sec what it is Uko," wo proposo giving a very plain and circumstantial account of the whole process, from first to lust, as it is performed at the baths in Albcrt-stroet. In the first place, theu, the bather, ou entering from tho street, is shown iuto a lurgc room on the second floor, mostly occupied by coucbcs, but having at the farther cud a row of small closets. Tbo attendant puts into his hand a sheet and canvas upron, very much tho size and pattern of those worn by Freemasons and Odd fellows ou gala days and important occasions, and shows liim into one of these cells, where there is just room, and hardly, for a moderate- sized mao to undress. Having performed this operation, tied on the apron, wrapped the sheet round him in the Rmuner that ghosts arc said to dn, and put on n pair of slippers, lie is conducted down stairs iuto a little dark loom that smells warm and vapoury, but not disagreeably so. The sheet aud slippers aro left at the dnor, aui then tho process of bathing commences. First, tho attendant reaches forth an apparatus like tho " roso " of an enormous wutoring-tin used by gurdenors, which is connected to the wall by uu india- rubba tube, a tap is turned, and you aro " watered M from head to foot with luko-warro water, which feels vory nico and agrocablo. .Aftor a couple of minutes or so the attendant gives you a Turkish towol to carry in your hand, and a pair uf wooden clogs in which you stick your feet, and ho then leads you into another room, which you at onco percoivo is decidedly warmer thnn tho first one, to suy tho least of it. Aftor the first "sniff," however, it is not uncomfortable, providiug you keep your foot safely and firmly in the clogs, put tho towol under you whenever you sit down, and tako core that no part of our baro flesh toaohos anything — if it does you arc awnre of the fuct in a moment, and fool an almost irresistible impulse to iudulge iu strong language, A bench runs round three sides of this room, and on this you tnko your sout, and if thirsty at nil, or perspiration does not com mence at once, you drink of cold water. JJe- foro you huvo been iu tho room mauy minutes, howovor, you arc certain to break out into a most profuso perspiration, after which you feel bo particularly cool and easy that you are astoundod, on looking at tho thermometer Imaging on tho wall, to see it Btaud at 150 degrcos: but mako up your miud that it could bo raised another 50 degrees or bo with out any inconvenience. Thoro is a wooden louogo something in the shnpo of an enormous letter N, with the feet pulled out very wido, on the fluo on one side tho room. 'Puking Jour towol and oarofully arrnngiug it on this ounge, so as to shield you from touching the bare wood in any part, you lio down for tcu minutes or a qunrtor of an hour in tho most blissful state of composure,, thinking about nothing in particular, and contemplating with, much eoroplaooncy tho huge beads of perspira tion that aro bursting out from every pore nod saturating tho dowel under you. At leogth the attoiidmit comes in aud tukes you baok again to tho room you first ontorod, lays you on a broad benon at full strotch, and com mences kneading you nil over; rubs his ltuucblos down your nfrino, down your arms, legs, and chost ; pulls your joints until they craok ; and, in fact, makos very free with you altogether; but having a soft hand and deft manipulation there is nothing about the pro cess which is in tho slightest degree painful. Aftor that he gives you n smart rubbing nil over with the palms of his bunds. Then ho produces a pair nf flesh brushes and soap, ond repeats thorubbing with inorenscd vigour, until you ufc enveloped in a thick white lothor os though you wcro one enormous chin about to bo upornlcd upon by tho burber Then tho " rose" is brought again into plav, and tho lather quickly disappears in a sliqwer of warm water. After that you got off the bench and stand in a place po.ntcd out by tho attondaut who lurns a handle, and down comes a deluge of beautifully cold water, which you enjoy amazingly fur a few minutes. You thou step out, dry yourself with a towel, rosurac your slippers und sheet, wnlk up stairs, and lie down on one of tho couches for half an lionr or so, and thou dress, feeling a new man altogether, and oouviuced, from the appearance of your skin, that you aro cleaner than ever ynu romcmbcr to have seen yourself before. All lassitude has left you, tho prickly hoot cvon has disappeared undor that rubbing ond brushiug and soaping, and as you walk out into the open air the weather seems to have got decidedly cooler during tho hour and a half you have spent iu the establishment, A bad edd, rheumatics, or any affections of that kind, must bo very hod indeed if thoy arc not driven away at the first bath, while tho most ohstioatc cannot hold out against many, pro vided they aro token methodically and at stated intervals. Whether as a medicinal ogent, therefore, or merely as a simple, health ful and invigorating luxury, the Turkish bath w admitted on all hands to be of the utmost value, and wc trust that JDr. Smith will not have cause to rcpcot having introduced it into Brisbane. Afolooy for. a Hat.— An Amoricati editor thus advertises his missing hat:— "Tbo gentleman who inadvertently took our uew beaver, and left an inferior articlo in its stoud, will do us infinito kindness by returning ours, nod be shall receive our warmest thanks and two apologies— ah apology for the trouble wo have given him, and tbo 'apology fyr a hut' be has left us." " Has that gal got fits?" asked an old farmer who had paused to see a young lady go through with her calisthcnic exercises in tho back green. "No," replied the scrraul girl, "that's jirainy- nasties." So!" said the fnrmor, iu a pitying luue, " poor ibiog; how long's she hud cm ?" Mr. Bright at St. James' Court. — Tho i ' Newcastle Chronicle,' referring toiWr.Bright's reception hy the Qucon on the occasion of bis acceptance of office, says : — " We understand ou Mr. Gladstone mentioning to her Majesty thnt.be intended, with her permission, to offer a scat in tho Cabinet to the hon. member for Birmingham, the Queen was pleased to say it would afford her tho greatest satisfaction if Mr. Bright wonld consont to serve the Crown — that she had read his speeches with great pleasure, and that she was under the greatest obligation to him for tho inany kind words ho bad spoken if her, especially for a speech ho made about two years ago in a great meeting in St. James' Hall. It will bo remembered that Mr. Ayrton, at tho meeting referred to, hnd cost some reproach upon her Majesty for living so long in retirement, and neglecting what he termed ' her duties to society.' Mr. Bright warmly vindicated her Majesty, and said tho Queen, who had the human tender ness to nurture in her breast a noble sorrow, wns not a woman to bo wanting in regard or affection for her people. When Mr. Bright wont to Windsor to tako tho oatbs of office, her Majesty showed her dolicato consideration fur tho great commoner in a very marked woy. She sent Mr. IIolps, tho Clerk to the Privy Council, to assure Mr. Bright if it was nioro ngrconblo to his feelings to omit the ceremony of kneeling or k ssing of hands, ho was quite at liberty to do so. Mr. Bright availed him self of this considerate permission, and was vory kindly and cordially roccivcd by her Majesty; who took occasion in tho most markod manner to express hor gratification at meeting him. It was afterwards intimated to Mr. Bright that her Royal Highness the Princess Ruynl of Prussia had expressed a desire that Mr. Bright should bo presented to her. This was done, and tho Princess heartily assured Mr. Bright that sho greatly desired to bo acquainted with him — that she herself and nil tho mcmbors of tho royal family were greatly iodchtcd to him for tho way in which ho had spoken of their mother. Sho herself, she said, had read all his speeches, and she wns vory pleased to see him. Mr. Bright replied iu vory graceful terms, ond Said if her ltoyal Highness would permit him, lie would tell her what tho Into Mr. Buchanan, tho American Minister, whon Inst in London, said of hor to him, ' That whorovcrhor Hoyal Highness went, she shed sunshine ovor all hor path.' Mr. Bright was vary much struck with tbo graceful, animated manners and genial greetings ho had tho honour to receivo from her ltoyal High ness, and tho young ladies of tho court toll with curious iutorest of the meeting between hor ltoyul Highness nnd tho' great Quakor courtier. Mr. Bright has already become ns famous in royal circles os his great prede- Accessor, William Penn." On Tuesday night, Dccombcr 15, a revolting murder wns committed near Ackhurst-lmll, thrco miles from Wignu. Mr. William Iloug- tou (tho farm bailiff) and his wifo, who livod about 200 yards from tho hail', had left their own house, in whioh there wero five children, for about an hour. On their return homo, at a distance of thirty or forty yurds from tbo door, thoy saw a white object, which wns at first mistaken for a duck, but which on closer inspection was fouud to be tho doad body of thoir oldest child, a girl of twclvo. Sho was covered with blood and drendfully injured. Tho parents rushed forward to tho bouse calling for tho sooond daughter, Catherine, nged nino, hut for a short timo sho could not bo found. Sho was at last heard calling timidly from bohind a hedge, " Is that you, mother ?" Tho child was at onco taken to tho house. Sho said that a short timo after hor father and mother had gono out, a man, rather taller thnn her father, nnd apparently a collier, uppenred at tho door and askod if William Houghton lived there, nor 'oldest sistor snid that ho did, hut that ho was then down at tho hull ; and no sooner hnd sho .ropliod than, raising a heavy hammer, he struck her a violent blow on tho forehead. She ran round tho kitchen, and he pursued her, striking her with tho hammer, which cut her drendfully. Sho. ran out by tho opon door, and tried to escape to tho hall, but tbo man wont after her and her screams ceased, she, no doubt, being killcj) by another blow from tho hammer. The man then returned to tho house, whero tho youngor sistor had re mained in grcnt terror. IIo struck heron tho back of the head, and then dealt her several blows on tho shoulders, but ho did not stun her. Ho then took iier .by tho throat, and after squeezing it tightly throw hor ovor into tho pasture fiold, whero she lay, bruised and terrified, not daring to movo, until sho heard hor mother's voico. An infant lay unharmed in a cradlo in the kitchen, and upstairs two children (boys) woro in bed, but had heard nothing of what occurred. An examination of tho house showed that the murdorcr, after thus disposing of the children, had put his hammer on tho dresser, on which its form was marked with blood, and had then passed into tho parlour, whero he had ransacked the drawers. 'The only article of vuluo ho ob tained was a silver vatch which hnd been left in a small casket, and from which he had detached tho riband that served as a guard. Tho money kept in tho houso was up stairs, and evidently ho had not been there, for the drawers hud not bceu disturbed. Information, wns nt onco sent to Pcmhcrton police-station, ond Superintendent KUison was promptly on the spot. Mr. lluot, surgeon, of Uphollnnd, was also in attendance, and dressed the wounds which tho younger girl had received. She gave a description of tho man, which was nt onco circulated through tho whole district. Au active search was commenced for the hammer, and ono was found in a wheat field about 100 yards from the house. A number of long hairs were sticking to the iron, and when the- weapon was shown to the surviving girl, she at once said it was that with which she and ber sister wero struck. Mr. Parkin son, athe undcrlookcr of a colliery closo by, recognised tho hammer as tho ono ho left at the smithy at half-past five on Tuesday night. A reward of .£50 has bceu offered for the ap prehension of the offender. A man was taken into custody on December 2S ou suspicion, and he is still detained. _ ti at is tho difference between a fiery in dividual and a slice of bacon ? Ono is a rash man, and the other a rasher. 