THE PERIPATETIC PHILOSOPHER. (From the Australasian, August 21.) " Quidquirt agnnt homines votum timor ira voluptas (iaudta discursus, nostri est farrago libclli."—Juvenal. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-lia! So it wasn't a diamond after all !; As M. Hugo would probo'oly say—sublime enthusiasm of human gullibility ! The Diamond " Sell " is worthy to take its place in history beside the Cock-lane Ghost or the Moon Hcax. I am not sure but that it does not even excel those brilliant examples of popular delusion. The idiots who believed in the rapping spirit of Mary Parsons arc paralleled in our day by Home [sweet Home !], atul bis gathering of silly women with derange 1 nervous systems. The mjon hoax was but a corollary to the glorious ' 'sells" perpetrated by that prince of jesters and jester of princes, Theodore Hook, but the Big Diamond is a " sell" so gigantic, so vast, so pecuniarily advantageous, tjiafc it tops all the swindles of the age. To lately persuade the people that somebody had fo'a ad a diamond 13oz. in weight, and to make tl> eui })Uy the thing 011 " spec." is magnificent. I d<i 1)0t wish to go into the ethics of the business, f' ir I am not much above member- ofiParliamentJsti) 11.iard myself, and rejoice to swindle, cheat, or dM'-and a friend 'when a safe opportunity occurs; llut I should imagine that such a proceeding as t'je one characterised in my hearing by a slinr^iolder as "the Armiclale caper " is not strictly i>\ Accordance with the rules of commercial honesty; out that does not detract from the magnificence <\i the hoax. It almost fulfilled the unpublished prophecy of Drmglas Jerrold, who said that if the "Koh-i-noor was on sain to-morrow, some one wo-.ad start a company to purchase it, and let it out o'.i hire at evening parties." The company has been formed, but the Koh-i-noor was not forthcoming. One million, two millions, three millions, four mil and only a piece of rock crystal, and not worth live shillings 1 Dear fellow humans ! excellent fools ! admirable knaves ! Oh, forgive me if 1 laugh, but five thousand pounds for a piece o£ roek crystal ! It is too much.! -Ho-ho-ho-ho-hoho ! Apropos of Sells, there lias been weeping and Wailing and gnashing of teeth upon the sunny side of Collius-street. There is a club there, compose.!, of the cream of our little society, and noted for its rigid exelusiveiiess, which elects a cammittet', or something of that sort, by ballot. On the occasion of the last ballot the number of candidates was large, and the competition fierce. As is usually the case, when one party wins, another party was defeated, and the members of that party have been going about howling with rage, and despair ever since. It seems that voting by proxy w;us permitted, and the cause of grief is that A. took C.'s proxy under the pretence of voting for I?., and used it to assist the return of I). In the course, of my prowling* I meet Python, shining, gorgeous, and serpentine. He enfnlds me, so to speak, with his lithe presence, and giving one glittering glauce around, to see that no one observes him talking to so ragged a person as myself, he laughs a noiseless, broad-lipped laugh (like a seidptured Assyrian king), and straightway relates the story of the ballot. " We kept him out, ha, ha! "says he, and his Egyptian eyes wax wide, and his .eyelashes glitter, j and his mouth has a savour of blood and a savour of j guile. A few paces further on is -little R-.bhit, who also attacks me with his story. With linger in my button-hole, with eager gestures and rapid, utterance, with hat jerked from his heated brow, Rabbit tells_ me his version of the tiling, and asks for an opinion. " For, " saith he, " Python is descended i from the Serpents of old Nile, whom you hate, and who hate you. Is an honourable rabbit, a sympathiser with literature and art, a painter iu water- | colours, ami a relative of the <Ie Warreune family, j to be slimed aud engulplied by this Python ! Forbid it, philosophy!" Now I may have my own opinion in the rnifca, and remembering a circumstances of similar nature in connexion with the Turf, may cherish a h-r^pe that the proxy system will be abolished, but wny should I fall foul of Python—who, in the main, is a good-natured fellow despite his overpowering: magnificence, or lay the foundation of a future feud. with Rabbit, who is also good-natured, and will bo- I nestling in Python's bosom withiu a week? Such.; conduct would he unworthy a philosophic raind„ ] " If you please, sir," said the nnrse girl to the sen- 1 tentious Cato, "Master Cains has struck Master L IJalbus !" " Turn them into the alrium, Nydia, and i let them light it out!" was the calm reply of that I illustrious man. j I am glad to find that somebody has put iu a | good word for Mr. Hugh Glass. Now that the i financial lion is down, every impecunious lackass C must have a kick at him. I never knew Mr. Glass save as a big person with a peculiar hat, who, | when he walked, left a phosphorescent track of I smiles in his wake, and made the air heavy with monetary whisperings, lie was then the Great Glass, the Rich Glass, the Omnipotent Glass, and I rather disliked him. Now he is tlie poverty stricken (j lass, the hard-up Glass, the Glass sued ot hanks, and oppressed of creditors, his friends have fallen from him, and stand afar off wailing to see who shall cast the first stone. I, therefore, rejoice to see that somebody tpeaks a word in favour of his former benefactor. Adversity is a good thing sometimes. Mr. Glass's enemies have called him vulgar, aud coarse, and purse-proud, and mean, and rapacious—hard words all, and perhaps not without some truth to. weigh them, but it seems that he has also been charitable and kind-hearted, has assisted the widow and succoured the orphan. " The evil that men do lives after them, J the good is oft interred with their bones." Let us do justice to poor Dive*. Iu Werke churchyard, Northumberland, is a punning epitaph over a village attorney's grave—" Here lies an honest lawyer, aud that is Strange." It seems that in Brunswick there is a borough councillor who is of some value to his municipality, ami ^ r s t r ^ - b y ^ C ^ ^ ^ : " - mark of esteem, and made subh a brilliant speech ir, reply that it is worth notice. After thanking the council and the mayor for their gift, Mr. Strange r launched into oratory, and saying that his endeavour would he always "to do Ins dutv, expressed a burning desire to emulate the hero of Trafalgar, This is not bad for a borough councillor. " A pee r- age or Westminster Abbey!" is a bold aspiratioM, but we are glad to find so ambitious a man in Brur.swiek. " Welcome little Stranger!" I do not know any more news. There are 110 cabbages or even turnips bigger than usual, while there is a most, provoking scarcity of floods and earthquakes. Indeed, except that a sportsman Bliot ratherja curious lobsternear Dandeno'.ig.I know of 110 event in the least degree uncommon. The claws uf the bird were feathered and its colour a bnS;i,t green, which turned to blue when boiled. Itsnc sti was discovered in an adjacent bush, with so; ne- j young oysters, evidently the cuckoos of the concern., j I understand that this itisus naturce [vide 2J<it. i Gi-am.J is to be seen at the office of an evening contemporary. Q. TIIF. electors of Portland have called -on Mr. Butters to resign. ON a sheep run not far from Melrose, as WE learn from the S. A. Register, is to he found an aboriginal shepherd who has attained an advanced stage of civilisation. " lie is surrounded by much that is essential and conducive to the thorough enjoyment of a domestic life. The hut he occupies. Is a very comfortable one, and he carefully cultivates a small piece of ground, from which he reaps au abundant supply of vegetables. He is possessed of a horse, several goats and a number of fowls, a.11 of which are special favourites, and' meet with the kindest treatment. In literary accomplishments lie is not altogether deficient, being able to read tolerably well, and comprehends the value of goods when making a purchase. Among other investments, when shopping one day, wa3 the purchase of a white tablecloth, which however, soon fell into disuse. owing to its being so frequently soiled. His children ara affectionate, and his wife faithful, submissive, skilful with her needle, and in the culinary department seldom equalled. It is to be regretted that similar instances are not more frequently met with." THK claim of a New England man to be the "champion" sufferer by accidents is disputed. Putnam, Ohio, puts forward a man who lias broken both collar bones, his jaw hone, both arms, four ribs on one side and two on the other, and one leg; he has also had both ancles dislocated, and lifts lost his sight, all by accidents, and is )still able to be about. ; THK sum Government pays for the Telegraphs amounts to nearly £3,000,000; Reuter is awarded three-quarters a million for his lines. AMERICAN J CLICKS AND LIQUORS.—A judge in Illinois bad a man before him charged with stealing tlie spoons from a certain tavern in the neighbourhood. His excuse was that he was drunk. "Did you get your liquor at Birchell's, young man ?" inquired the judge. " Yes, your honour." replied the thief. " And then stole his spoons?" "Yes." "Mr. Clerk," exclaimed the judge, "enter a nolle prosequi in this case; I have drunk Birchell's liquor myself, and it always made me feel mean enough to steal." WILLIAM GORE ELT.ISTON, for many years proprietor of a leading newspaper in Tasmania, li.rst Mayor of Hohart Town, and latterly a stipendiary magistrate, has been appointed Usher of the Clack Rod in the Legislative Council of that colony • . 1 A YOUNG WOMAN, meeting a former fellow ser- , vant, was asked how she liked her new place. " Very well." "Then you liave nothing to complain of?'' " Nothing,"only master and mistress talk such very had grammar?" I A PHOTOGRAPHER in Suffolk was visited by I a young woman, who with sweet simplicity asked, ' " How long does it take to get my photograph after leaving my measure ?" A GOOD many people live 011 the reputation of the reputation they might have made. OUTRAGE AT AVIIITTLESEA (VICTORIA).—One of the most shocking occurrences which has taken place in the outlying districts of Melbourne since Barrett murdered Mrs. Beckinsale,. at Woodstock, was perpetrated at the Upper Pknty on Monday morning. It seems from the par-, ticulars in the possession of Hie police, that a farmer named Frederick Edwards left his house at one o'clock 011 Monday morning to come to town with some luy, leaving his wife, a baby, and a girl named Mary Ann Cord, aged ten years, and a farm labourer named Thomas Jones behind Jv,m. At daylight Mrs. Edward3 was alarmrd by Jones- breaking into her bedroom and makiug improper overtures to her. She r'j'vionstrated, and the girl Cord, alarmed by her screams, came into the room, and Jones attacked them both with a hammer, striking each several blows on the head. He committed the capital offence on Mrs. Edwards, and then set fire to the house, which was quickly consumed. Mrs. Edwards and the girl escaped through the window, and the ruffian Jones made off, Jones is an old Vandemonian, and had been recently discharged by Edwards, but allowed to stay on the premises. The police are now making efforts to bring the culprit to justice.—Daily Telegraph. BUSHMAN'S HOME. —It has puzzled many to knoiv why a bushnian's home should be thought about in Sydney. The bnslimeu, with money, are few and far between, like £10 notes. The more appropriate places to establish such institutions are Dubbo, Mudgee, Wagga Wagga, Forbes, Albury, Hay, Redbank, Bullinjar, O011- dobolin, Cooma, Iviandra, Tumur. &c.; They need not be very pretensious establishments— plain food, plain beds, and cheapness, mere shelters from inclement weather, and refuge for a few days' or weeks' rest. In winter any covering is better than "camping out, " and at these homes bu-dimen could be directed which course to steer for employment. There are scores of bnshmen in regulaa employ who would cheerfully give iill per annum towards the support of a bushnian's home, but the squatters, storekeepers, &c.;, who. profess such regard for bushmen, should also contribute a little. Travelling bushnien, minus cash, are at present a heavy drain on publicans, and many station holders, who seldom let a hungry man pa-s without a supper and a bed. The subject is worthy of due consideration by gentlemen resident in the interior.— Western Post. A NEW PKINIING. MACHINE. — The " Western Morning News " saj-s the " Times is now printed by new machinery so perfect and " so simple that it takes but one engineer and three labourers to print off the whole edition of the 'Times,' which to-day contains twenty pages. Tlie principle of the machine, is that the paper is not cut into --sheets before . . , . , ^ ,, , . j lt ls P nntcd > but ^ brought to the machine 1U a long roll. It passes through the maehinc, is printed on both sides, and is divided as it passes out, the whole process being automatic. The idea hasJong been w-orked at by engineers, but has only lately been practically carried out, under the superintendence of Mr. M:icof the donald, the engineer who has charge wllole < Times > nl!lchinery. Tlie new mt ichineiy. Tlie new machine ^ called the Walter PiC-ss, in honour of the chiet proprietor of the 'limes. It will supersede the Iloe machines, and is an improvement upon the admirable French Marinoni machine." THE VKI.OCIrunic.—The most ardent velocipede riders (aud the pursuit has become quite a passion in France) do not recommend it with anv earnestness to those'who have passed forty _ u ye^s.— ixrE HAU-HAUS are said to have burned all the greenstone in their possession, in consequence of some superstition connected with ^])t.ir faith r • , ,, , ,, • Ir s s t ;lt « l there nro fitty Chinese " 'Catholics m San I< rancisco. _ Some of them ! -can icon verse fluently in Latin.—Five young women have iust boon admitted into tin; ;Louisiana Agricultural College, 0 ,, .„ T . BlSMAKKAULl!' ITTLAL OP A lou.vo L.IDY.— The " Baltimore Sun," of May 8, reports the {following remarkable "sensation" case:— The trial of Miss Martha J. Cairnes for the anurder of Nicholas M'Comas, her lover, which is n.ow in progress here, is the all absorbing the cue of conversation in JTarford Co., Maryland. The court-house is thronged by persons from, the most remote parts of the count}'. In coii sequence of the dilapidated condition of the' county gaol, the county authorities did not res ird it as a fit place in -which to confine a female prisoner, and Miss Cairnes has accordingly been placed upon her parole, and has her quarters at Glen's hotel, where accommodation has been provided for her by her friends. She is under no surveillance whatever, eats at the pu.blic table, and moves in and out of her re om at pleasure, and has been in the habit of promenading and shopping on the streets until 1 his week. She is essorted to and from tlic iourt-house by Sheriff Young, leaning upon ; jlis arm as any otjler la(]V) aud ]0ft by him at I tl.c hotel with a polite bow. Whom the trial I formally commcnced, Attorney-General Jones j opened the case on the part of the prosecution, . the three judges being all 011 the bench. Mr. j ^ Archer, oil tlic part of the defence, J -• , . . 1 , , . ,, made a most impassioned and eloquent address, f appealing to the feelings of the jury in such a ' manner as to draw fviu's not only from some of them and the prisoner, but from many of the spectators, and even to sensibly affect the Bench and the bar. The trial concluded on Saturday evening. The. jury, after an absence of five minutes, brought in a verdict of " Not Guilty." fpu -r . ,» ine l^incct. 