DBATH 09 A SoWIK-IlAW 0» THE PoET BtjrtXS, Tbl» week one of tbe very few linke th ot oonneot the great poet with the present generation was ' savored. Mr. John Thornton, the husband of the sole sarviving daughter ot Burna, died on Monda; ot Ooostmyloff, and was interred on Wednesday ia the churchyard of his native vi I ¡iago of Pollokshana. He was brought up at the león, bat about the beginning.ol. the present cen- tury waa a sergeant in Stirlingshire Militia, and his colonel, by whom he was much respected, often spoke of him aa the bandsomeet man bf the regiment. Whilst at Dumfries he met Elisabeth, daughter of Burns, whom be married while she wat net qnite out of her teeni ; and, on leaving Dumfries he WBB . presented by Jean Armour with1 many manuscripts and relics of the poet, Thomson was not only a min of great physical strength, but had a vigorous intellect and a great fund of gean* ino humour, and in his day produced good verses. For manly independence of character ha«waa snob a man as Barns would have been proud of as a son-in-law; The faotef bis marriage connection might' poiaibly . have procured him some preferment, bat while he had strength he shunned taking advantage of snob rela- tionship, and was proud to bring np his family by hil own industry. The ientimcnt, "The Lord be thanked, l oan plough," applied in this ease most emphatically,' On the 4th of May lait a party of friends ead relations met the old couple, to congratulate them ea the six- tieth anniversary of a moat happy married life, Th» deoeaeed eoconmbed, it must ba said, to sheer old age, and his mental faculties were vigoróos to the last, On , Soodsy he felt bis end was approaching, and affection- ately bade farewell ts the writer of tula notice. He fought the battle of life manfully and honestly, and his death' was painfeie and peaceful. He leaves, betides his venerablo widow, two som and (our daughter», about thirty grandchildren, and seven greatgrandchildren. Glasgow Oitisen. * How GnosTTvr Pierre BES KAT BB MADS.-TO the Editor of the Tribone-Bir : , The enrlont fact slated below will prebably be new to moat photo- graphers, and may furnish a suggestion oe to the method of tsking the so-called spiritual photographs : A friend in a Western oily informed me that ho went with another friend to a skillful photographer in' that city to have a likeness taken of tbe latter. A metallic plato wai. med. Tbe first picture token, waa a good ono and a good likeness, bot it was partly sorrottuded by what appeared to be, and might be termed tho 'ghost of, a wreath of Sowers. On looking ot . it the photographer remarked " how nnfortnnato ; 1 need that plate lome time ago for taking.a wreath ol flowers on it; bot I supposed I had ,thoroughly re- moved that impression, and tbat the plate 'was in per feot order." If the ghost of a wreath of flowers oin be that produced, of course the ghost of tho human faoe and form contd be also. If glass plates wera bsod, of oourso this could sot be dene. Yours truly, IMTEKBOOATIOX.-New York, April S2nd. I GOLD OM mi BABES or TUB HDDSOX BJVEK. There is no doubt that (¡old abound« OR tho batik» of ?he' Hudson. Every few years for the past hilf.century lhere has been aa excitement about discoveries of great value, bot it never lasts long. Lait antonin some parties started a gold mining scheme in Dnttbees loontj, weich they thought would conti In a'fortune for Anybody who would Invest. ' They have not been heard pom for tho past six months, and probably their boheme did not succeed. Hight or ten years ago a barty olaimed to have found gold sear West Point, and railed a oompiny for the purpose of exploring it They made money by selling toe stock of the company, and belling, very badly,, the purchasers, ' Not a dollar's worth ot told was ever taken out, thoogb there «as aa abandonee of indications, I The New York Tribone saya:-What Is to become if thia old earth if man meddles with nature tuoob longer after hit prêtent audacious manner It a ourlons question fw the philosopher. We have been, obUttrat ¡og tbe mott stupendous barriers between sss and sea, | and compelling tbe waters of tbe Meditterranoon ta mingle wltb tbo Indian Ocean ; wo purpose onttlng through tbe moan tain obalo wblob divides tbe Atlantic from tbo Pnoiflo ¡ tbere'ia a plan for taming the Iberian Pcninenla into an island by n marítimo aanal acroes the whole breadth of Franco ; and DOW, if we earn believe a western ooTeapondent, there is aotnal danger of the destruction of Niagara Foils. Chicago oontemplatoa ontting a omni 1000 feet wide, and 60 ; feet deep, from Liko Michigan to the Illinois Uiver. So vast a volume of water would be drained by snob a obannol fri m the Great Lakes into th« Mississippi that Obioago would virtually became a seaport, the Falls would dwindle lo one-tenth their present dlmanxionB, and tho St. Lawrence wonld ba nothing but n creek. And, if the Darlen Canal Bhonld be constructed, it U soegested by Captain Silas Bent, in bia Ieoture on the " Thormomotrlo Gateways to the Pole," that the Gulf stream might forco ¡ls way through the out, instead of being deflected as now upon tho coasta of Knrope, and thus a sudden ohange of elimata might spread disaster through the richest oonntries of the Old World, and England become a region of altnoBt Arotia oold. Though the potatoe Is the loa liest of our table veg- etables, nnder the dominion of modern cookery we know that it is susceptible of chemical transmutations baring higher pretensions. Among those are starch, vinegar and spirits. " All flesh is grass." Chemistry proveB this to be trae. But that "all potatoes are ivory "? serms to bo carrying too far the strain of cre- dulity. Nevertheless, it is also true. A large faotory io New England is caking, on a Kr eat scale, ont of potatoe pulp, elegant handles for knivea and forks and similar tools ; and, to crown all, potatoes uro, by the Borne chemistry, being convorted into fine tooth oombs I What may we not expeot from chemistry, after thia transmutation t AlobemiatB may freahen np tboir. Brea and tako on rene ved hopes of convertios lead into silver, and coppor into gold. _ How many poor tenants; bave been transmuted into rioh landlords by a little patch of sand; that would not. breed potatoes ? What horrible Btuff from the dirtiest stables is rehashed in Nature's laboratory into human food, human brain; and its highest conceptional That hydrogon gas : will jct give wings toman, and that tho ocean will give' bim power to ride npon the wavea wltb fish-like speed, . are expectations neither too fanciful nor too far from ^probabilities of early realisation,-Alta Oaiiiorais, . The amenities of life are not largely cultivated by. ¡the editora of ti e Zanesville (Ohio) daily papers, The 'editor of the Signal having beau olag sifted by the .Cornier aa a pan par, responds i "We prefer being a poor man to being a mule thief, a notorious liar, a [branded libeller, a pronounced aaa, and a scurrilous ^blackguard. Although not onriahed. as the Courier man may be at Ibo expense of the Government and the people, we bave BO far, thank God, with good health and strength, been able to make an honest living by the works of our bands and mind. And we would not exchange intelleot, conscience, and obaraoter with the brevettod cz-Qoartcrmaster of the Courier for all his money." 