THE; CHURCH'S CREED OR THE CROWN'S ,' , CREED?*-» i * , ¡ ', . , , {From,the Times, January 22.) , . "UNDER the above title a very remarkable letter '"has been addressed to Dr. Manning by a , gentleman, who, like himself, was formerly a clergyman in the Church of England. It appears to have been suggested by the proposal of the Pope to hold a, Council at Rome next year. The Pope and his followers are acting on the supposition that they alone are the true representatives of the Church ; that the divi sions of Christendom are due to the faults of others, not of themselves; that Greeks and Protestants by their heresies, and Anglicans by their submission to the authority of the Crown, have violated the laws of the Church, and that no advance can be made until they submit them selves again to Rome. The gist of Mr. Ffoulkes's pamphlet maybe said to be that there i is notj winch to choose between the various Churches ; and that the Church of Rome is certainly as much to blame as any other. The indict- ment, indeed, which Mr. Ffoulkes draws up against his own communion is overwhelming i, but that aspect of the case is all he is concerned with ; and though he speaks very favourably of the 'general conduct of the Greek Church, he doubtless does not intend to exculpate other communions. His argument, therefore, comes to this,-that if the Roman Church ' desires to promote the reunion of Christendom, and to re- form errors and heresies, the first thing neces- sary is that she should reform herself, and repudiate the whole course of her conduct for 'the last ten centuries in respect both to doctrine "and discipline. The conclusion will be readily "accepted as indisputable by those who do not belong to Mr. Ffoulkes's communion, but they will find it difficult to follow him in indulging the dream that such a sublime act of self-reform- atíon is possible. He himself hints that in the opinion^of not a few, the Roman Church will never be capable of such an effort till she is both disestàblished and disendowed. This is as much "as to say that when the edifice she has con structed has been forcibly pulled down, she may "think about building another ; and that, we 'think, is. about the utmost can be expected. But; Mr. Ffoulkes's pamphlet is, at the same ."time, of great practical importance. It reduces the claims of the Roman Catholic Church to their true value, and with a large class of minds may materially aid in depriving the great effort which the Roman Catholic Church is now ' making of any exaggerated influence. Of course, the facts and considerations adduced by Mr., Ffoulkes would be of equal value by whomsoever stated,nor does he pretend that they are new; but their character and beating are shown with Considerable novelty and force; while the fact Sb'f M. tfoulkes writing as a Roman Catholic relieves his work from the suspicion ot parti- sanship which'attaches to Protestant writings. He writes, , moreover, without the least bitterness or party feeling, li is "clear that he Tsas rio personal interest to foi ward. He simply desires, in* the interest of the" Church herself, that truth should' be acknowledged and justice observed as much within " Ins communion as -without. He renders allegiance to the Pope, irom a conviction that the Bishop of Rome is the rightful Primate of Christendom, and of the West in particular ; much in the same way as the 'Archbishop of Canterbury is the Primate of all England, and of the province of Canterbury in particular. But he states distinctly, at the írátrfet of hiB pamphlet, that he never accepted \hè doctrine of the infallibility of the Church of Home. x In'this'respect, he confesses that'his fcaurse1" has been deliberately the exact oppo- site " to that which he believes to have been adopted by Dr. Manning and others. " You," he kays, " And very many more probably, seemed to have joined the Roman Communion not only pledged never to find fault with it, but to see with its eyes, hear with its ears, understand with its understanding, stand or fall by its judgment. Your argument, I pre sume, 'would, be that the Church of Rome claims to be infallible; that you submitted yourselves to it as such, in the fullest confidence that its decisions can never mislead you; that they are God's voice speaking to you, which you are bound at the peril of your salva- tion never to mistrust, much less dispute. I joined the Roman Communion on other grounds, and was accepted. 'Practically, no doubt, the Church of Rome claims to be infallible, and anjbody who concedes is dearcr'to her than anybody who disputes her olann ; but I was never required to profess this on entering her "Communion, and perhaps might never have entered it, if I had been. ' Sanctum cathohcam et apostolicam Romanam Ecclesiam, omnium ecclesiarum matrera ci1 mngietram, agnosco,' a medwval phrase, of Wbicli'.I/'knew the full historical value, was the uuerfnott' to which I gave my adhesion. And 1 naid to ni} íelf on that occasion, if she is really "infallible, she «au stand much ,more ééyrçpins, criticism t than the one which I am Uaving tor her Btikej on behalt of which no such claim bus ever been made. For. I considered that, after the extrem- rigour with which the, claims of the Church of England had been examined by us all, it would be the' height of disingenuousness in us to shut our eyes to any, weak points of the system that we were em- bracing m preference, should any such exist. I felt that it'I' found the claims of the Cnureh of Rome,to be'thoroughly in accordance ,with facts, I should ever, afterwards regard her with tenfold reverence from having verified them myself. , If they were true, analysis, impartially conducted, 'could only confirm them ; if they were false to any extent, or exagge- rated, I conceived we should be bound in common honesty to tell our friends that we were to that ex- tent, in reality, no better off than we had been where -we were before , But till I had actually been received into communion with Rome, it was my own impres- sion, and I was 'assured by members of the Roman Communion over and over again, that I could never judge of her system at all fairly or adequately ; and this was one of my chief reasons for tin bracing it when I did. Afterwards I resided in various countries where it was dominant, and studied 'its' worship in town and country, com- paring them with what I ,had abandoned for it at lorne. Then I returned and set myself to work to improve my previous knowledge of its history in past ages, and its relations with other Churches ; paying «special attention to the causes which had produced estrangement between'it and them for a time, or till now. All this has been my constant employment for the last dozen years or more, so that I cannot be said to have drawn my conclusions hastily." It would be well for Christendom if a similar candour were more often displayed by members of its many communions. Conclusions arrived at in this spirit should at least receive the care- ful attention of members of Mr. Ffoulkes's own Church., and must command considerable de ference from the members of other Churches. Mr. Ffoukes is well known as a mature and able scholar, and it is impossible to doubt that his positions are substantially correct! But if so, many a superstition ought to be finally exploded, and many a vain dream dispelled by a perusal of this moderate-sized pamphlet. We shall confine ourselves, for the most part, to an analysis of its contents. In some parts it assumes almost the form of a confession, and we shall best discharge our duty to our readers by allowing Mr. Ffoulkes to speak for himself. He commences by retorting on Dr. Manning the charge which the lattor has recently urged against the Anglican Church of having its creed dictated to it by the Crown. This is the com- plaint made by the Ritualists At the present day againít the action of the Judicial Committee. J>ow, Mr. Ffoulkes urges that, ai" all events, one of the most solemn documents in the Western * 'Jhe Church's Creedor the Crown's CrCedt A. letter , to the Moat Rev. Archbishop Manning*- &c; » by Edmund S. Ffoulkes,' B D.. author of Christendom's . JHvitkms, London : J. T. HaycS?" 1808. ' Church has been tampered with in a far worse manner. In the Nicene Creed, as it is recited in Anglican nnd Roman Churches, the Holy Spirit is said to proceed "from the Father and the bon." It is well known that Ihe last three words, or in Latin the word "filioque," do not exist in the original form of the Creed, that the Eastern Church has always refused to adopt them, and that this refusal is the chief doctrinal ground of the schism between the two Churches. In point of fact, the fourth, fifth, and sixth General Councils recite the Creed without this expression, and decree more- over,- " Those who dare either to put together another faith, or produce, teach, or delivtr another symbol to any desirous of returning to a knowledge of the truth from any heresy whatsoever, ore, if bishops or clergy, to be deposed ; if laymen, to be anathematized," What is more, this addition was introduced into the Creed without the sanction of any General Council, and without even the authority of the Popes themselves. It received a hesitating sanction in one of the most ' scandalous Councils ever held—that at Florence ; but this is the only ecclesias tical authority of which it can boast. What, then, is its origin ? Its first introduc- tion, we are told, was due " to a King named Reccared, of a barbarous and, till then, heretical race in Spain, who, A.D. 589, in -the act of ad- juring Arianism, promulgated the Creed in question, ignorantly or wilfully, with this addi- tion, at the head of the bishops of his dominions, many of them neophytes from Arianisin like, \himself." We hear little more of it for two centuries, and a Council held in the interval takes no notice of it. But in the eighth1 century Charlemagne happened to be "on ex- tremely bad terms with the Imperial Court of the East, and one method which he took of showing, or putting into effect, his displeasure, was' to call the Eastern Church and the! seventh Council to account for not insert- ing the "filioque" in the Creed. He called a Synod of his own bishops, composed a book on the subject, and submitted a protest to the 'Pope. The Pope replied that such an innova- '.lion would involve a divergence from the Creeds , of the six General Councils, and refused to admit it. Charlemagne, however, persisted, and in course of time brought the question before another Pope, whom he had placed under great obligations. This Pope also refused to admit the addition formally into the Creed, but, compromised the matter by saying that any one, might teach and recite it with impunity, With this connivance, the new form came into general use in the Gallican Church. In two centuries more it was silently adopted by the Roman Chuich, at the urgent instance of the Emperor Henry II.,'who, like Charlemagne, had placed the reigning Pope under "obligations to himself. Singularly enough, from about that time the oath taken by the Popes on entering office was materially modified. Formerly they had sworn to keep the decrees of the Council to the letter ; ' thenceforward they were contented , with swearing " to do their diligence to main- tain them." Mr. Ffoulkes may well say that the history of the English Church shows no such instance of tampering with the terms of a solemn ecclesiastical document. But it may be urged, as by the deputies from the Court of Rome the other day to the Patriarch of Con- stantinople, that the Council of Florence, which was' held for the purpose of reuniting the Eastern and Western Churches, gave the ad- dition at length an authoritative sanction. Let us quote, then, the following account of this assembly : '* ' Of all Councils that ever were held, I suppose there1 never was one in which hypocrisy, duplicity, and wordly aotives played a more conspicuous or disgraceful part. How the Council of Basle was out- witted, and Florence named as the place to which the Greeks should come; how the galleys of the Pope outstiipped the galleys of the Council, and boro the Greeks in triumph from Constantinople to a town in the centre ot Italy, where the Pope was all powerful ; how they were treated there ; and why they were subsequently removed to Florence, would reveal n series of intrigues of the lowest order, if I had space to transcribe them ; unfortunately, they were too patent at every stage of the Council for the'real objects of its promoters to admit of the slightest d.iubt. Between John Pa'ic'ologus and Eugenius it was a barer of temporal and spiritual gains from first to last. One had his capital to guarantee from attack ; the other his position in Italy to establish. Each i hoped to be victorious through the other, Eugenius over the Basle fathers, Palæologus over the Turks. The more sailors and soldiers the Pope promised, the greater submis- sion the Emperor engaged 'to ex'ort from his bishops to the teaching ot the Latin Church. When, the Emperor had need of ships of war, the Pope 'would supply 20, and maintain them for him, at his own ex pense for six months. And in case the Emperor should need help by land, the Pope, by Christ, would do his utmost to get Christian nations to .send an army to his assistance.' When union was imminent, the Emperor said, . ' The time draws near ; we must be thinking of our departure.' The Pope replied, ' I have seen to it already,, and will see to it. 1 sent a captain all in good time to prepare ships, and should anything' else be needed for your return I will give orders for it; at once; meanwhile take, this paper from me, and when you have read it let me have your reply.' This was the definition ; not, in deecVin the precise shape in which it passed, but ships and money were to be forthcoming when it was sigred. Such were the preliminaries to the joint declaration of the two Churchs on the Procession of the Holy Ghost, translated literally from the Acts of the Council. Shall I avow it, my Lord? my blood curdles as I transcribe them ; but the worst is not told. Eugenius, the only Pope who ever presided over a General Council in person, what does history say of his general character-ot the holy zeal ex hibited by himwhile the Council for reuniting Christendom wes sitting, or in conciliating adhesion to it after it was over? One might have expected antecedently that his presence and example would have influenced the Council, as no other Council had ever been influenced before, for good. . Eugenius,' says his most partial biographer, ' was esteemed . constant in adhering to his engagements, unless he happened to have promised anything which it were belter to recall than to perform.' Ile was exchanging angry censures and excommunications with the Council of Basle, all the timo that he affected to be promoting union at Florence with all his might. Blondus, the Pope's secretary, is lost in wonder at the vast sums of money expended by his master in conciliating the high dignitaries nr indigent pre- lates of the Greek Emperor with presents-Syropu lous, one of the number, less scrupulously calls them bribes-and in maintaining, at no less cost, his own army simultaneously." This, according to Mr. Ffoulkes, is too faithful an example in the manner in which the Court of Rome has dealt with questions of doctrine. The following is his conclusion on this branch of his argument :- " With the facts of this controversy before me, I find this conclusion inevitable : that whether abso lutely inerrant or not iu matters of faith herself, Rome ! has abundantly proved, during the last 1000 years, that she can be a most negligent, hesitating, tickle, self-seeking, hypocritical guide to others, even where the faith is concerned. Such, at all events, has been her conduct by the Church's creed ; each epithet de- scribes it at each stage ; the last, the worst. Sad presage for the reunion of Christendom, ia a General Council presided over bv the Pope, that the only General Council over which a Pope ever presided in person should have been the only Council ever con- vened exclusively for restoring union to the Church I am using a phrase of the Pope who held it-and this the Council of Florence under Eugenius IV." " What guarantees have we, my Lord, or can we have, that the same conduct may not be displayed again, while the same system remains in full force? The personal holiness of the reigning Pontiff may be some security while we are blessed with it, but it may be laid m the grave to-morrow; and against this, strong as it is, there is the undying system, which has always proved immeasurably stronger than any Pope, when its interests were threatened. Are there not JrVys) Zouaves to be cared for as wtll SB bishops, and PBP»1 territory to be thought of ond battled for. na .will as dogma? And have »o never read of Pius IX. himself anxiously negotiating with a Protestant prcmiir for n_ supply of 7000 or 8000 mutkeis of light calibre for his erne guard, which he thought impera tivf, but was unable to pay for, and unwilling to t.rocure from ' KapleB, Turin, or Austria,' just then }i Nobody »oula contend that Pius IX. was indebted to the sys'em for his many virtues; and history thov,s that EugeniuB could not have acted in most caeeB ns he did had it not been for tho system. | Therefore, ,by all who nre praying and hoping for the reunion of Chtistendom in a corporate stnse, Eugenius at the head of the Council of Florence ennnot be scanned too closely. Look at i his act« there in the practical light in which alone the men of this age will ever be disposed generally to re- gard them. Of nhat oontfeivable advantage can his presence be snid to have been to the Council ? Did it prevent hypocrisy, deceit, and secular intrigue from reigning there-rather was it not the prime cause of their reigning there, to the confusion of all the good ned learned men on both sides? They prayed and argued to little purpose under such a head. Can his presence have been as much as a negative safeguard against error?" Mr. Ffoulkes then passes to questions of morals, on whicb also Rome olaims to be an infallible practical guide, and inquires how honesty and truth have fared at her hands. He' concludes that Rome rose to the eminence which she occupied in the 13th century " by fraud and¡ force; by the weapon of the weak and the weapon of the strong, alternately put into her hand, and employed by her as legitimate, for the spread of her own power, to the dismem- berment and destruction of the Church at large.l | the most striking specimens of each kind being i the Pseudo-decretals and the Crusades." , These Pseudo-decretals purport to embody the formal teaching of the earliest Roman pon-, tiffs. They pronounce, on apostolic and primi- tive authority, that Rome possesses dominion over all Churches, " that its pontiff for the time being should be superior and prince of all the 'world," and should regulate all things neces-, sary for the worship of God and the faith of. Christian?. These assertions are in direct con-| tradiction to the canons of the General Councils, and when the Roman pontiffs sought for autho-j rity on behalf of their assumptions it was upon! these decretals that they were forced almost! wholly to rely. In the Council of Florence it, I was from hence that the principal arguments in¡ favour of the rights of the Pope were adduced against the Greeks. Now these decretals were; .once, 'no' doubt, honestly'believed to bei genuine. That this belief prevailed was, j indeed, the fault of the Church of; Rome herself. Since they purported) to be official documents emanating from her¡ own pontiffs, it must have been always in her ! power, by reference to her own archives, to test i their genuineness. But it is an undoubted fact, | vvhich has now been known for some centuries, I that these famous decretals are forgeries. Their \ variance from the Canons of the Councils is i readily explained by the fact that they were deliberately forged in a later age. They were > designed, no doubt, to provide an excuse for the t rapidly developing policy of the Roman Court. But upon these forgeries the whole discipline of the Roman Catholic Church was, and. is still, , founded. On this point Mr. Ffoulkes quotes unimpeachable testimony from a work pub- lished only, two j ears ago, with the official sanction of the Society of Jesus: lo this work it is declared that the discipline of the Church was changed in the ninth century on the authority of the 'false decretals; that the Christian .world was the dupe of those decretals for seven centuries, and that they were the product of a premeditated deception. The writer considers, of course, that the change was good, though he allows that the discipline of the Primitive Church was good also; but he adds, with candid inconsistency, that " the false deciétais have produced nothing but evil." *. But whoso business was it," asks Mr. Ffoulkes," to see that Christendom should not have been duped and dt.maged in this way. and to have said non possumus a thousand times before they allowed it, instead of becoming active parties to it themselves?" Instead, how- ever, of exposing or repudiating this forgery, the Roman Church, even to the present day, allows these decretals to be solemnly quoted as evidence upon important points of doctrine. The Catechism of the Council of Trent is the first work placed in the hands of the clergy, and one of the most authoritative. But this catechism appeals to the false decretals not only in support of the Primacy of the Pope, but even as an authority respecting.our Lord's supposed institution of the Sacrament of Con- firmation. " Absolutely, my Lord," 'exclaims Mr. Ffoulkes, "With such evidence before me I am unable to re- sist the inference that truthfulness is not one of the strongest characteristics of the teaching of even the modern Church of Rome ; for is not this a case palpably where its highest living authorities are both indifferent to having possible untruths preached from the pulpit, and something more than indifferent to having forgeries, after their detection as such, adduced from the pulpit to authenticate facts? Jealous enough they may be that what they teach should be believed as true ; that it should be in strict accordance with actual truihis another point,, to. which, with tho evidence before me, I must suppose them callous. This,1 again, strongly reminds me of a conversation I had with the excellent French priest who rectived me into the Roman Catholic Church some time subsequently to that event. I had as an Anglican inquired very laboriously into the genuineness of the ' Santa Casa,' and having visited Nazareth and Loretto since, and plunged into the question anew at each place, came back more theroughly convinced than ever of its utterly fictitious character, notwithstanding the privi- leges bestowed on it by so many Popes. On stating my convictions to him, his only reply was ' There are màny,things in the Breviary which I do not believe myself.' Oh ! the stumbling-blocks of a system in the construction of which forgeries have been so largely used, in which it is still thought possible for the clergy to derive edification from legends which they cannot believe, and the people instruction from works of acknowledged imposture ! Let us hope that this will be one of the very first questions ventilated atihp priMiinp Council." The policy thus inaugurated by fraud was in the i Crusade carried out by force. From an ecclesiastical point of view they were simply the means of a forcible usurpation by the Pope of the rights of the Eastern Churches. We. read:- . - ''What was attempted by all,' after their first burst ' of enthusiasm was over, was to subjugate the Churches of' the East to that of Rome in a way opposed to the canons immemorially and universally received by the Church. The Easterns were trampled upon ibr maintaining their rights, ejected from their churches as far as was possible, and supplanted by a rival hierarchy wherever the Crusaders conquered. The researches of the late Sir Francis Palgrave go far to prove that they actually set out with this object ; some of the first letters written home by them to the Pope who organised them show, at all events, that the idea dawned upon them with their first success. The excuse for the Pope is that he believed in the genuineness of the pseudo-decretals, and was acting in accordance with other established precedents of \- might made right. But his own letters testify to a mind in perpetual conflict between his own better feelings and the requirements of his office. He had excommunicated the Venetians already for having invaded Christian territory; he is subse- quently found accepting their conquests, and with his own hands consecrating their nominee. "What a plight for one calling himself head of the Church to be reduced to by his worldly ties ! To have to con- sent to the desolation by fire and sword of what was thin infinitely the largest and most flourishing part of the Church by the other in contempt of his own orders ; to look on while the ancient landmarks of the Church . were one after another uptorn by violence ; and then, by accepting a share of the spoil himself, to identify * Quizot's " Last Days of Louis Philippe, p. 131. I not himself merely, but his See for ever, with the out rageousness of the whole proceeding ! What frightful hypocrisy, what downright profanity for this ever tpo have been designated a Crusade, a holy war, a war waged in behalf of the life-giving Cross! Who can possibly believe in a God of justice, and doubt His holding the Papacy heavily responsible for all this ? " My Lord, there is a solemn document before the world-I may say one of the solemnest-addressed to | us all without exception, of which the meanest is there- fore justified in requesting explanations, should it con- i tain anything hard to be understood, or beyond his ken. I contine my request to the following passage :. ' Known unto nil are the unwearied cares wherewith the Roman Pontifis have laboured to defend the deposit ot faith, the discipline of the clergy, and their education in sanctity and doctrine, as well as the holiness and dignity of the matrimonial state, have promoted more and more the Christian education of both sexes, and hove studied to provide for and, to cherish religion, piety, and good morals ; to defend justice, and the tranquillity, order, and prosperity of civil society.' If thia assertion is to he understood de jure, as a declaration of what the Roman Pontiffs ought to have done in all ages, nothing could be more true; but if de facto, as a declaration of what they have done for the last 1000 years, the history of the Crusades alone would suffice to determine the extent to which the reverse is more true." ; I, Mr. FfoulkeB has, it will be surmised, a theory of his own upon the significance of these facts. He believes, of course, in the infalli- bility of the Church ; but it must be the whole Church acting in harmony. Such facts as we have sketched are conclusive evidence to him of the grievous errors of the Church of Rome in doctrine, in discipline,' and in morals ; and they concur with other con- siderations to 'show that Rome is not,' and does not, represent the ' whole Church. He adduces some interesting evidences that the Church of Rome herself has never for- mally claimed to be the whole Catholic Church, or to speak in its name. By repeated invita- tions to participate, in Councils the Popes have implied that the Eastern Bishops retain their standing within the Church ; even Anglican orders have' never been declared invalid, and neither the Confession of Augsburg nor the thirty-nine articles have been formally censured. No doubt the Popes have never failed to assert the doctrine of their headship by Divine right over the whole Church; but, "all such teach- ing, read by the light of their own admissions respecting the Eastern Church, is seen to be but a declaration of what ought to be, not what is ; a picture of the" ideal or primitive, not of the actually existing Church." ' At this point Mr. Ffoulkes's pamphlet adopts a peculiarly interesting line of argument. If, as he maintains, the Anglican and Eastern Communions are true branches of the Church, in spite of their disunion- with Rome, it should follow that, in' practice the Divine grace which all believe to be bestowed on the Church should be found equally in all. communions. Is this the case ? To say so for all practical purposes to assert that one communion is as good as another, but Mr. Ffoulkes does not shrink from a candid tes- tiroony on the point, and' our readers' will be glad for us to quote from him here at con- siderable length :- "My Lord,'my own experience, which is confined , to the single communion in which you formerly bore office,'that of the Church of England, says emphati- cally,that it is : and there is no canon or ordinance ' that I know of forbidding me to maintain it. You i have preceded me yourself in expatiating on the work- : inga of the .Holy Spirit in the Church of England with your accustomid eloquence, and have not hesi- tated to attribute to its members many graces in virtue of the Sacrament of Baptism, which you allow they administer on the whole validly ; but there you stop. I feel morally constrained to go further still. If I had to die for it, I could not pos- sibly subscribe to the idea that the Sacraments to which I am admitted week after week in the Roman com- munion-Confession and the Hely Eucharist, for in- stance-confer any graces, any privileges, essentially different from what I used to derive from those same sacraments, frequented with the same dispositions, in the Church of England. On the contrary, I go so far as to say that, comparing one with another strictly, some of the most edifying communions that I can re- number in all my life were made in the Church of England, and .administered to me by some that have since submitted to be re-ordained in the Ohurch of Rrme ; a ceremony, therofore, which, except aB quali- fying them to undertake duty there, I must consider superfluous. Assuredly, so far as the registers of my own spiritual life carry me, I have not been able io d'scover any greater preservatives from sin, any greater ir- centiveB to holiness, in any that I have received since, though, in saying this, I am far from intending nny derogation to tne latter. . . . Only,I cannot pos- sibly subscribe to the notion of my having been a stranger to their beneficial effects till I joined the Roman Comniunion, and I deny that it was my faith alone that made them what they were to me before then, unless it is through my faith alone that they are what -they ore to nie now. . . '. This may or may not be,j our own belief; but you shall be one ot my foremost witnesses' ,'to its credibility, for I am far from basing it on the experiences of my o'wn soul. My, Lord, I have always been accustomed to look upon the Sacraments, asi so many means ot grace ana to estimate their value, not'by the state- ments of .theologians, but by their effects on'myself, my neighbours, and mankind at large. Taking'this principle for my guide, I have been engaged constantly since 1 joined the Roman Communion, in instituting comparisons between members of the Church of England and members of the Church of Rome gene- rally, and between our former and our present selves in particular, or between Christianity in England and on the Continent ; and the result in i each case has been to confirm me in the belief which I have ex- pressed already, that the notion of the Sacraments exercising any* greater influence upon the heart and , life in the Church of Rome than in the Charch of England, admitting the dispositions of those who fre- quent them to be the same m both cases, iß not'merely piepotterous, but as contrary both to faith and fact as , is the opinion that the Pope is Antichrist and ¿the Man ot Sin. My Lord, there is ,no person in his sober senseB who could . affirm that you, for instance, began to be a devout, earnest, intelligent follower ot Christ, an admi- rable master of the inner and the hidden life, a glorious example of self-sacrifice, a deep expounder of revealed mysteries and Gospel truths, when you i embraced the Reman Communion ; or that all those 1 graces which you exhibited pieviously in the tight of men could be deduced from the one rite which you received unconsciously as a child, counteracted byall the bad end unwholesome food on which, according to this hypothesis, you must have lived ever after , vi ards. In the same way, there is no ordinary peison' in hin sober senses who could affect to discover any i fundamental change for the better in you, morally or relieiouslv now from what von îvprp thpn Thprp «rp some, on the contrary, to my knowledge, of your ex , istirig flock who profese that they have not half the ' liking for the sermons which tbey hear you deliver as Archbishop of Westminster that they have for the , dear old volumes which you published as Arehdeaoon of Chichester, as fresh and full of fragrance to thetr , instincts SB ever. And I have heard the same said of another whoBe parochial sermone, hailed as a niBturpieee on their first appearance, have just burst lorth into a second spring. People say that the sermons which ciderant Anglican clergymen of note preached formerly read so much more natural than any that they have since delivered from Roman Catholic pulpits. They argued impartially then, as men whose sole desire it was both to get at the truth and uphold it at any cost ; they never feared looking facts in the face, and weie as little given to exaggerate those that make for them as to keep out of sight or evade by subterfuge those which they could neither excuse nor explain. They were never tired of confessing their own sins or short- comings. In a word, their tone was frank, honeBt, and mat ly. Now they may preach with the same energy, but it is aa though they preached under con- straint or dictation. Either they are high-flown and exaggerated, or else punctilious and reserved, weigh- ing each w ord as if they were repeating a task ; always artificial, never themselves ; aa if committed to a thesis, which they must, defend at all risks, and to which all facts must be accommodated or else denied. Hence, do what they -n ill. there is a distinction be- tween themselves and the cause they advocate, which cannot fail to strike the most ordinary listener; their words no longer carry the moral ar- gument ( //fliKj; irlonç) with tbe'm that they once did eton among their followers ; and the judgment of pub- lic opinion on thtm is that they are vanid and desti tute of force.by comparison. What people say of those generally who have become Roman Catholic in Eng- land of late years is, that they haye deteriorated OB a body rather than advanced. The foremost of them have not progressed in any perceptible degree-per ciptible by others, that is-beyond the high standard to which they had attained btiore, as their lives, their writings, and their sermons testified ; others, every allowance being made for the peculiar trials to which they have been subjected, have notoriously descended to a lower level of Christianity, since they became Roman Catholics, fiom that in which they had been woiking previously ; and some have been driven from their moorings-in appearance nt least-altogether. All this I hear said ; and, BB far as my own experience goes, it ÍB quite true ; and for the life of me I cannot infer anything ehe from it than that sacramental grace Í6 equally derivable from the same ordinances in both Communions, according to the dispositions of thoFc who frequent them, and is not more inde- fectible in the one than the other. What I have seen of Roman Catholics myBelf, since joining their Church, all points to the same conclusion. My own father and mother would compare with the best of them in all the virtues ordinarily possessed by Chris- tian's living in the world and discharging their duties .conscientiously towards Gud and their neighbours in, through, and for Christ. 'All for Jesus' was as much their motto as it could be of any parents in Christendom ; and well indeed it would be for all Roman Catholic children if they were blessed with no worse fathers and mothers than mine. And I have, or have had, relatives and friends in numbers, members of the Church of England whose homes, I will undertake to siiy, are to all intents and purposes as thoroughly Christian as any to be found elsewhere ; and it would be sheer affectation or hypocrisy in mo were I to pretend the contrary, or else to claim for my own friends and relatiues any peculiar excellence distinguishing them from the average specimens of the Anglican body. For acalm.unpreaummg, uniform standar« of practical Christianity 1 have seen nothing as yet among ourselves in any country superior to that of the English parsonage and its surroundings." In further il'ustration,*he refers to his own observations upon Continental Christianity. He I relateshow.a Roman Catholic priest, upon having described to him the ordinary round of life in an English clergyman's family, made it the snbject of a sermon to his congregation, and recom-1 mended it as a model to his people ; how he had found recent converts from Anglicanism' setting an example to foreign priests, and raising the tone of devotion in Paris and in Spain ; how; members of the Brompton Oratory "provided the( most earnest services in Seville, and, in fact, appeared in that Catholic city almost in the' character of missionaries ; how indifferent, cold,' and unintelligent he found the country people in1 Al du his) a ; what a questionable example in morality was openly set, with little loss of respect, by a Spanish priest; how in the heart 1 of France he found an equally formal religion, and, to crown all, how the injustice of lay appro- priation of tithes' in England was surpassed abroad by the , shameless appropriation of the stipends of parish priests by Roman cardinals. Í In a'word, the conviction impressed upon him by j what he has heard and seen at home and abroad! " ThatEnglisli Christianity-by which I mean that! ! of members of the Church of England in general, I1 j cannot Bpeak from experience of any other-is as l . good and genuine, and for ordinary purposes as bene-. I tui'l, as v. bat is found in other nations-France, I Spain, and Italy, for instance.< And I ¡ i trust the day is not for distant when the religiously- ¡ minded in both communions will insist on associating ! together as brethren, and learning from each other as j Christiane, and combining for Works of charity with- ; ¡ ourdistinctibn of nations. Too long-much too long I ¡ -have they been kept in ignorance of each other, , and thus prevented improving each other, through | i prejudice." . I On historical grounds Mr. Ffoulkes is as 1 fully convinced of the validity of Anglican orders ¡ as of anything of the kind in Church history. j Having been ordained a priest in the Church of England, he holds'.himself,to be a priest still, i He recognises the . fact, that this - inference " cuts>at the very root" ofJDr. Manning's posi- tion invEngland; but, in the face of the facts he has ascertained, he can no longer regard the course taken by the 'Church of England at the Reformation as inexcusable! On the contrary, he says,- " '. ' ' ' 1 ' " Having discovered the general syBiem ol' Church government in which England, in common with all other Western nationB, ,had formerly acquiesced to have been based upon, forgeries, and opposed to the genuine code of the. Church, ii unhesitatingly recog- nise the right-nay, ithe duty , paramount-of every local Church to'revolt against suah a concatenation of tpurious legislation asi thÍB.'and, scattering to the wit els every link of theifalse chain that had enthralled it hitherto, to return to the letter and spirit of thosp genuine canons, stamped witn the assent of the whole1 Church, and never repealed." ' The whole of the argument is summed up in the follovving'pás-snge ;- ' j " When I contemplate the divisions of Christen drm, past and' present, and search history for their ! origin, I find it íB'the conduct of the Popes, moro than i an} thing else.'for the ¿ant thousand year*, in govern-) I ing the Church, which'has divided the Church. . . ' This being the case, my Lord, I ask how is it that I there is not the slightest allusion to' these facts in the I invitations which have been issued to the forth- coming Council ? ,,Rome has spoken; but I, can dis ! cover nothing in what she has Bald like a confession of , sins, or of the'justice of God in punishing them-ex | pressions of regret foTtheipaBt, or promises ot amend i ment in future. All Christendom has gone astray save she. Of all institutions the Popedom alone stands erect; lins never erred on any subject what i ever, has never been otherwise ^than what it is now ; has preserved ' its, integrity, as well as its, faith, un-, ' sullied. It alone ,,has never caused divisions, or driven Christians into revolt ; ic alone has never done j anj thing for which it has cause to blush or repent.. | ' I am and none else beside me. . . I shall be as a i lady ft r ever ; I shall not sit asa'widow, neither shall I know the loss of children.'-Babylon loquitur, j non Jerusalem. Three'hundred years ago there was a I Pope who spoke differently, and told men the truth.' i With what general applause and,sympathy'of the good1 i and earnest m all lands would such candour as his ! haye been reciprocated, had it been copied in what we have just heard ' ' "You will also say,' continued Adrian "VI. to his Legate, ' that we frankly admit that God has permuted this judgment to fall i upon his Church for the sins ot men, chiefly , priests and prelates of ihe Church . . . We know' that in this holy seat there have been many enor. , mif.ee, now for some years past, and abuses'in i spiritual thin te, excesses in what has been ordained, i all things in short perverted. . . . Wherefore, it ii necessary that we *hould all give glory to God, and l|iirrible our souls oefore Him, and see each one of us whence he bath fallen.' " . It is not to be wondered at that this interest- ing pamphlet should have reached its ninth( edition within two months. We shall conclude; our notice of it by one practical inference. If such a protest as this be the result of a fifteen yeais' study of the Roman Catholic system from within by a learned, able, and candid mind, might not some hasty spirits among ourselves derive a seasonable warning against their inces- sant suspicion of everything English or Angli- can, and their sentimental prejudice in favour of everything that claims the name of " Catho- lic?" Under that venerable appellation are included masy practices which are based on fraud, on violence, or on gross, if not wilful, ignorance; while Anglicanism may, at least, claim the honour, even among the Roman Catholics themselves, of having sprung from a necessary protest against noxious superstitions, scandalous usurpations, and wholesale forgeries. Mr. Ffoulkes says; "I am doubly convinced, after reading ecclesiastical history through again as a Horn an Catholic, that if ever there was a justifiable revolt from authority, it is the revolt we call the Reformation; and most certainly had it been a revolt from a mere secular power like that of the United States of America from England, I, for one, should never have dreamt of transferring my allegiance from the Anglican to the Roman Com- munion any more than I suppose any citizen of tbe United States in his sober senses would now dream of transferring his on principle to the British Crown." It is not unreasonable to surmise that had ^r.' F/onlkes .known as, much of ,the case four- teen years ago as he knows now, he would have remained in the English Church. -Having made his choice, he may be wise to abide by it . buthis work ought to be a caution to others against following his example upon imperfect information. The fact is, that very few of those who pass from one communion to another are in the least capable of appreciating the contro- versy between the two Churches. Conversions and perversions in these days are simple anachronisms. Reasonable men will remain ia the Churches in which they find themselves and will strive to improve them, and, it may be' to bring about a better understanding with other Churches. It is a mere dream to imagine that a growth of ten centuries; like the Roman Catholic Church, or of three centuries, like the English Establishment, can he pulled down or radically modified in a day, in order to square ? with high-flown theological theories. Their faults and their excellencies have alike grown out of deeply-seated necessities and under strong natural, influences. The course of wis- dom is to acknowledge frankly both faults and excellencies, and to strive patiently to amend the one and maintain the other. 