METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. fFEOM A CORRESPONDENT.] uhk more parting snot before I take flight for the South. News, I admit, except Ensli^h, is Dnisnpor taut this time. The A.S.N. Co. don't seem to be more tban half as bad as the tiovero ment would make them out to be.- They, the Company, have readily acceded to a request from onr business men to delay the steamer that we may reply to oar Euslish J«iwra- The public disquietude is a little lessened by the promised return of tbe Premier, for somehow or other, the Colonial Treasurer has gained for himself an amount of distrust which makes men very impatient at the thought tbat he was presiding over the several departments lately, and that his love for finessing was having unbounded and pro longed play. The Minister for Works put in an appear ance for a day or two only, and was then off to the west again. It is pretty well understood of Lilley that he left positive orders that doling his absense from head quarters^ -but .one 'Minister at a time should remain in Brisbane, and it is easily comprebepded how cleverly the astute Stephens-would;work « venthat order, to his o wn end. it is a p-ty the Premier has not in other ways shown rqual discretion aud as much 'firmness ; instead of entailing upon the country tbe- expanses of Hodgson's pay and cost while travelling ; he should have removed him from the Ministry. On whit . grounds, people ask, has tbe man been permitted to remain as Colonial Secretary. It is quite true that he was prohibited from indulging in office work, and if not trusted to carry* on his labor . of love, then, why saddle him upon the colony as flunkey to the Governor ; at such a great cost. Lilley' has allowed his genial, kind nature to overpower his better judgment, and is no match for sycophants, when they force their fawning upon him. It is further sup posed that the wily Arthur has prevailed upon Lilley to allow him to wear bis official character as he passes through Sydney and Melbourne, for we have no intimation of his resignation. I don't think the Northern people, or Southern ones either, will . relish the notion of baving to pay at the rate of a 1 thousand a year for tbe tune this bid bargain ' is being got rid of. Macalister was dismissed ' in a jiffy ; why should there have been all this dallying with the squatting apostate ? You will notice the tinkering of the jour- 1 nalists here at the reconstruction of the Ministry. I believe they are all wrong, and write more for what they wish, than to con vey probable facts to their readers. Lilley, for the nonce, may become Colonial Secre tary, just to keep hungry Stephens out ; but the Premier will never commit the error tru culent — of making the impulsive Hippo osculatorbis Attorney-General. Coxen, it is rumoured, has filed a bill of ' pains and penalties against his master of Cecil Plains, and that some of the Ministers are anxious t-o be seen standing by the Com missioner in the hour of danger.; For my own part I incline to think that the subordi nate found the great scandal against the Mioister for Lands to lie a complete mare's nest, aud will not be able to gather much glory by bearding the lion in his own den. You will note the Express, has 'been on this ma' ter unusually recreant, and in the quickest time. Whatever Cozen may say or do, it is well known that at least a' couple of ministers ate prepared to sacrificeTaylor and any other man or woman for the sake of popularity. All I hopeistbat If somebody must be offered up for all tbe lies or truths printed, it ! won't -be the poor Com missioner. I am proud to see your journal does not ' court popularity by running a -muck against men in the public service, whose pens and mouths are necessarily bound still, be they ever so nnjustly assailed. The cowardly on slaughts daily made.' on the brothers Gregory are disgraceful to the colony. If they have erred in judgment, or sinned is their official practice, let distinct charges be laid to their doors, and the Ministry be forced to deal with them ; but to go oh, day after day, in Billings- ' gate language, hurling vague charges of cor- ' raption against tbe family is most unmanly, and is as discreditable- to supporters of the Metropolitan Press as it is to their writers. 1 A modern writer has said ' Show me tbe press, and T will shew you the people.' God 1 forbid that.Queenslanders should be judged ' abroad by their metropolitan journal!:. Do 1 not be -surprised if you find the Courier en deavoring toprove that the rdst again in the wheat crops, around 'Warwick and Too woomba, is entirely due to the baneful family —or perhaps it might, attribute only smut to the younger brother, and rust especially to ' the Surveyor-General.. I have not ascertained yet if the Colonial Treasurer has any relative who can be pitchforked into the Lands office should the Gregorys be driven out; though after the audacious translation of his connec tion from tbe Treasury to- the bead of the Post-office, entire professional ignorance will not bs any great harrier, I presume, when tbe honorable gentleman has compassed the de struction of his victim. I am no apologist for tbeL-mdsDepartraent. There is more political influence clogging or greasing its wheels than is good for the colony, and so there will be while the chief direction of it is in the hands of a land speculator and politician, or as may yet be under the control : of some needy Minister, whose tenure of office marks pre cisely the period he san abstain ftom tbe In solvent Court. - It is thought that Ministers, let them be ever so immersed in. obliga tions, have wonderful powers for pacifying the hungriest of Shylocks ; and it is even whispered in tbe likeliest of all places to hear4 truly all these things, that tbe Executive Council board has been a timely refuge, for 'more than one honorable gentleman within . the last 100 years ; a refuge from that place where Bome. most innocent mortal thought *' shovels ' were actually filed up, and veritable 'whitewashings carried on. How do you tax-payers feel during this process of negociation between T. B. Stephens and. the Union Bank of the Treasury Bills? Oh, it must be glorious work, this traffic in the people's thews and sinews. Fifty times a day does the honor able Treasurer pass my office era route for the sanctum sanclorum of John Sargeant Turner, and all this has been managed so neatly, to ? come off just when the other Ministers are away. Sydney Smith's description ef the versatile powers of Lord John Russell are ex tremely applicable to our acting Minister — ' Quite capable of commanding the Channel Fleet, or stones to fly.' You will pprmit a slight deviation from the original wit's, so print it thus rendered, please. I would have rather seen James Taylor at his post during the trafficking in those bills ; he has a busi ness aptitude far above at-y of his colleagues. Who knows how much the country must lose, owing to that horrid gout, which, after all; ' it turns but he has 'been honored with. We don't forget the frightful sums paid — tens, aye, and fifties, of thousands of pounds — to the said Union Bank for floating our paper at a tremendous discount, the same paper in a few months being eagerly sought for at a large premium by English capitalists, and now selling at about 7 per cent., or nearly 30 per cent, over what we floated it for. I had tbe miserable satisfaction of seeing the blatant Colonial Secretary step op board the steamer yesterday afternoon. He was attended to the wharf by a few of his late subordinates, but no Minister. Judging from tbe Courier of this morning. Steohens must have been busy at the time forging a thunder bolt to hurl at his disaster- producing col league. What about that Bin B in copper and gold mine. Has it anything -Jo do with that dreadful 'Ghost' who, which, or what, used to frighten the very wits out of poor Mackenzie? A very sensible letter appears in the Courier to-day about duly providing labor for sugar-growers. Your readers should pre pare themselves for the trouble to come, and if they will take my advice, not rest their hopes on tbe kings of the cannibal islands. This Government cannot be expected to foster any interest, however valuable to the countiy, at the expense of their popularity with the ignorant .and equally numerous : working classes ; therefore, all those wishing j well to tbe country — and you especially, who must have cheap and suitable labor — should buckle-to and make yourselves thoroughly conversant with the whole question , and be ready to give evidence for the faith that is in you. The real question to be fought is — Shall'the proprietary of this colony be en couraged to develop fully its natural products and grow with its growth, or shall a few poli tical adventurers continue to darken the minds, exasperate the feelings, and excite the jealousies of the masses, that they may retain t.'ieir support, which suppoii alone. can place I thein where power aud pay follows, but wbrre they would never re ich if the masses were honestly, and wisely for themselves, afforded information on the true principles of political economy. I was pointing out to a person of some means tbe wonderful results that may flow to the colony- from Tooth's method of converting juice into sugar, and was urging him to direct bis energies to the Drofl's of cane growing. 'Yes,' he said, -'you may turn juice into su^ar in a minute or two. as you state, but I believe it will take even a cleverer man than Mr. Tooth to solve the problem of the labor question, and until I see a solution of it, you won't catch me courting tbe trials and losses which I have heard Mr. Raff has bad to endure.' Some of the cane about here is looking very well ; I aever saw finer than a lot on tbe Logan was last week , and observed that Germans were tbe principal laborers in -the field. I was introduced to Mr. Pring, yesterday. Certainly, if he is to be the Attorney Greneral, tbs office must be weighing heavily Dn bis head, for he wore a most woebegone appearance, and 1 thought was inclined, to sigh much like the first efforts of a bluck Bmith's bellows, They say he is very incon stant, and Lilley knows it. What do tbe Burnett men think ? Yours, % Haed-tjp. 