THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO THE SOUTH EAST. [From our Special Correspondent.] I NARRACOORTE. The people of Narraeoortehad made no gor geous preparations for the reception of ffis Excellency. A few streamers floating in the breeze, and an unwonted liveliness in the streets, were the only indications that any thing out of the common was being enacted. The inhabitants evidently relied upon the salubrity of their climate, the far-famed richness of the surrounding soil, and the air of prosperity which the kindly gifts of nature imparted to the township and neigh bourhood, rather than upon any artificial ornamentation. The ball of Wednesday night concluded, TTia Excellency spent the few remaining hours of the night at Mr, Hinckley's, and about 10 o'clock the fol lowing morning made his appearance in the street opposite the Narracoorte Hotel. Here a crowd of persons quickly assembled?' and Dr. Gunning, on behalf of the Mosquito Plains Lodge of Oddfellows—whose magnifi cent banner, with devices characteristic of the good services wrought by the Order to humanity generally, was unfurled for the occasion—read and presented to Sir James the subioined address:— " To His Excellency Sit James Fergosson, Bart., &C.; ; "May it please your Excellency— " We, the Brothers of the Loyal Independent Order of Oddfellows, Manchester Unity, desire to offer you our warmest congratulations on this your visit to Narraceorte. VVe desire to show that though so far distant from the centre of your Government, we share equally with all Her Majesty's subjects in the j greatest respect to her august person and (oyalty to her throne. We trust you may enjoy the visit amongst us, and on your return to Adelaide you may look back with pleasure on your j stay in this part cf the colony. In conclusion, we heartily wish you, Lady Edith, and family long ! life and happiness. " Signed on behalf of the Brethren of the Loyal Independent Order of Oddfellows, Mosquito Plains Lodge. " We are your Excellency's loyal and dutiful servants, "Thos. Agar, P.G. Jas. Shareley, P.G. "H. Holmes. P.G. wjl Marshall, P.G. , " Jno, Field, P.G. Wm. Henchan, N.G." His Excellency, in reply to the address, said:— "Gentlemen—I beg to thank you for this kindly address on the occasion of my first visit to Narra coor&e.; I am quite sure that those who have joiued themselves together in a Society so honour able and respectable as that to which you belong make the bestsubjects to Her Majesty. I feel sure you are conspicuous iu setting a good example, sash as is always "found to be set by Societies of this bind elsewhere. You have all a fight before you in a new country, as others have found: but from what I have seen, 1 am quite sure this district will always be a credit to South Australia." (Cheers.) The following address was then presented to His Excellency :— "To His Excellency the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson, Bart, &c.; " May it please your Excellency— "I have been deputed by the inhabitants of Nar racoorte and its vicinity to approach you with an , expression of the heartiest welcome to this our j little community. " The advantage of a visit from a representative of Her Most Gracious Majesty is at all time3 mani- • fest, and we bail this particular visit as a bright ome.n of prosperity to the South-East, inasmuch as • it will be the means of bringing before your Excel lency the great natural ad van taut ages of this 1 district; and from what we can gather such know ledge once acquired by yon will not be unused, bnt will be made subservient to the advancement -of this portion of thecoleny. " We trust that your journey through theSo«th East miy be most agreeable to yourself, and only regret that you are unaccompanied by the Lady Edith: and we trust that ou your return to the seat of Government you will have no other feeling than that of unmixed satisfaction in having -seen for yourself this portion of South Australia, and having established -a feeling of esteem in the minds of the people whom you govern. "Signed on behalf of the inhabitants of Karra coorte, " T. Hinckley, J.P." His Excellence replied as follows -— *' Mr. HinckleyandGentlemen-I receive with much pleasure this hearty welcome from the inhabitants of this district. I should have paid you a visit sooner, as I have done to other districts, but wfeen I was not far from here, in the colony of Victoria, last month, I understood it would he more agreeable to you to postpone my visit until now. I fancy if a Governor goes too soon to a district it is almost as bad as if he does sot go at alL I am most jiappy to take the opportunity which this Coursing Match has given me to visit your district, which I have always beard as one of the most fertile and flourishing in South Australia. In fact, i under stand it is called the Garden of South Australia, but I have unfortunately entered it through the back door; and 1-confess that the country between Lacepede Bay and Karraeoorte does not carry out the description of«, garden. At all events, it is a back garden, and does not give any very great promise for the future. But I am happy to think that 1 have now got my foot in the garden, and that the country from here to Mount Gambier will malice . the description given. I am very glad that this occasion has 'brought together so many of the inhabitants of the dis trict ; and whilst my visit at this time will he short, I shailjfciink it my-duty, as it will be my pleasure, to come as often here as my other engagements permit. I do believe when a Governor is young and active he cannot go about the colony too much; and although I cannot hope to realize the anticipations of the address, and do anything to develop the resources of the district, which must depend on the industry of its own inhabi tants. and perhaps on the action of the Constitu tional Government; still at the same time it must be a most wholesome thing for me, having con stitutional duties to perform, to know as much as possible of those among whom I live. What ever good may come to you, good and pleasure will come to me from my visit." Three hearty cheers were given for His Excellency, who shortly afterwards mounted to proceed to the coursing. Coursing—Second Day, June 3. Waterloo Ccp.—Entrance, £3 3s. Open to the colonies. Winner £80 eash, and other dogs' money, according to number of courses won. FIRST TIES. Mr. Mcljeod's Mars beat Mr. T, Smith's Shade, j Mr. Riddoclrs Jet beat Mr. Hamilton's Fo^co. j Mr. Hines's Maud beat Mr. Kinnaird's Lady. Mr. Fagan's Haujo beat Mr. Kiddoch's Liiy. j Mr. Robertson's War Eagle beat Mr. McLeod's Magic. Mr. Robertson's Sampler beat Mr. G. Smith's Smut. Mr, Ledridge's Lubra beat Mr. Hamilton's Rnfus. Mr. McLeod's Meg Uodds beat Mr. Gricve's Flo. j Mr. Hicks's Blue Balle (late Princess) beat Mr. McLeod's Minnie TraiL Mr. Hines's iJora beat Mr. G. Smith's J.B. Mr. Ledridge's Fairy beat Mr, Smith's Barb, Mr. Kennard's Snip beat Mr. Robertson's Rosa mond. Mr. A. Smith's Planet beat Mr. W. Smith's Ring. Mr- Riddoch's Trunbush beat Mr. Hicks's Mystery. Mr. Fagan's Fly beat Mr. McLeod's Milly. Mr. Jones's Jason beat Mr. Robertson's Fly. Air. Ledridge's Trump beat Mr. A. Smith's : Duke. Mr. Jones's Janitor beat Mr. Hicks's Charlie. SECOND TIES. Mars beat Maude. Banjo beat Jet. j War Eagle beat Lubra. Sampler beat Meg Dodds. Blue Bell beat Dora. Snip beat Fairy. Trimbusii beat Planet. Jason beat Mr. Fagan's Fly. Janitor beat Trump. THIRD TIES. Banjo beat Mars. Blue Belle beat War Eagle. Snip beat Sampler. Jason beat Trimbusb. Janitor ran a bye. FOOliTH TIES. Banjo beat Snip. Janitor beat Blue Belle. Jason ran a bye. FIFTH TIE. Jason beat Banjo and won. Waterlqo Plate. first TIES. Lady beat Lilly. , Flo beat Magic. Kosamond beat Barb. Minnie Trail beat Mystery. Fly beat Milly. Charlie beat Duke. SECOND TIES. Lady beat Flo. Fly beat Charlie. Rosamond beat Minnie TraiL THIRD TIES. Rosamond beat Lady. Fly ran a bye. DECIDING TIE. Rosamond won. The meet to-day took place on Mr. Wil liam Robertson's Moyliall Run, three or four miles from the township. The weather was delightful, barring a few drops of rain, which were too insignificant to interfere materially with the enjoyment of the occasion. Our way led over a veiy pretty country similar in description, as far as soil is concerned, to some of the most fertile lands of the North. After passing over a few hundred yards of natural road, we struck off into a rough station track, which wound along the banks of the lagoons which abound in this neigh bourhood, and contain a splendid store of j fresh water. A beautiful carpet of young i grass clothed the ground} and the general appearance of the country was such as very favourably to impress a stranger. After passing through a portion of Mr. Magarey's run, we came upon the spot selected for the meet—a delightful one admi rably fitted for the purpose it had to serve. From a large plain, partly cleared and partly overgrown with rushes, gentle, slop as rose to an elevation command ing the coursing grounds on every hand. These rush tracks formed admirable covers for the game, and volunteer beaters were employed without ceasing in hunting the wallaby from his lair. This sport, which was only started at Narracoorte a couple of years ago, and was then for the first time introduced into Australia, has become won derfully popular, and not without reason, considering the wonderful facilities afforded by the country for its pursuit. Under the presidency of Mr. Henry Jones, with the support of wealthy squatters far and near, and of real sportsmen throughout this and the adjacent colonies, it is no marvel that the pastime has grown into an institution which it will he hard to uproot. Among those who were present on this second day, embracing as the attendance did His Excel lency, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. E. M. Young, two or three heads of Government Departments, and those who by their industry and application have achieved the name and positionof squatter princes in the locality, must not be for gotten, Mr. Connor, Secretary and Judge, j who, from the formation of the Club, has been its mainstay, besides being its first originator. With exemplary zeal and patience he kept -to the field, encouraging the beaters, inspecting the slipping of the dogs, following the chase, and pronouncing the fiat when all was over. The slipster was spoken of as not being peculiarly deft in lis calling, for although a good runner, he had not the skill to slack the coupling with out a jerk, which had a tendency to throw the dogs off their course. After making reasonable allowances the sport was admi rably conducted, and the wallaby made splendid game. Second Tie—Waterloo Cup.—For conve nience sake we present at the opening to the second day's proceeding the full scores, although three days were spent in. perfecting them. The first run off on the second day was between Mars and Maude, in which Mr. McLeod's deity was the victor ; then followed a short course between Banjo, a powerful animal, trained to a perfect picture, and the pretty little Jet. Air. Fagan's pet gave the wallaby but a short shrift, killing without a double. War Eagle, a well-trained courser, gained a decisive victory over Lubra. Sampler and Meg Dodds had a glorious trip into open country. Meg overran the game first, but lost her advantage in the turn ; Sampler seized it, and shortly afterwards laid the prey liors de combat. Blue Belle, late Princess, led off at a splitting pace in the next course, but turned the wallaby over to Dora. •She failed to realize the position, and after three or four well-meant attempts resigned in her colleague's favour. A slight change in ground was now made, and a rougher country had to he accepted. The first course here was between Fairy and Snip, who ran up on the level, hut parted company at the double, the latter being the winner. A very pretty run ensued between Planet and Trim bush. The wandering star shot out at a tre mendous pace, but Mr. Eiddoch's dog kept strictly on the watch, and by judicious short cuts (evidencing his careful training) he secured the kill. One of the most interesting courses of the day followed between the veteran Jason and Mr. Fagan's Fly. Both were fit,'and the beaters supplied thein with lively sport. The dogs scoured ever the plain, heading each other by turns until at last the game took to some short grass, and numbers of the onlookers regarding this as cover gave the palm to Fly, who .was heading on entering. The Judge, however, had a different opinion, and following close up at the kill gave the fiat for Jason. Con siderable dissatisfaction was expressed in some quarters by this verdict, and, as will be seen further ou, it resulted in a protest, The next was a pretty course between Janitor and Trump, who kept together well and hunted the wallaby up hill and down dale until Janitor claimed and received the award. Third Tie—Waterloo (hip.—Banjo en tirely took the shine out of Mars in the first course. The wallaby headed over a bank, and then skipped along at the bottom of it, but was overtaken and killed before Mars came up. Blue Belle and War Eagle bad the next spin, and were led over precisely the same traek as their predecessors. The Belle was swiftest, but in grasping the wallaby overbalanced herself; War Eagle immediately seized the opportunity and made the best of it in a fruitless attempt to retrieve lost ground. Belle was declared winner. Snip and Sampler next had a shortset-to, but thesuhtle game contrived to dude them and escape. Ih the next course Sampler had all the ad vantage of strength and speed, but its nimble opponent slipped in and snatched the laurels away in the nick of time. Jason and Triin bush took the next run, and the balance was for some time even, principally ou account of the arrant dodgery of the timid fugitive. Jason, however, succeeded in bringing him to his bearings and throwing out of the sport a very trim courser. Janitor wound up by running a bye. The first ties for the Waterloo Plate were run during the day, and made capital sport. A little inconvenience was caused by a wire fence, but the spectators, who by the way numbered several hundreds, entered into the thing with great gusto, and the courses were quickly decided. THE DINNER. On the evening of Thursday a dinner took place at Johnson's Commercial Hotel, Kineraig. There were from fifty to sixty present, and arrangements had been made on an abundant scale. The room, too, was gaily ornamented with banners, devices, and flowers. Mr. H. Jones, of Binnum Binnum, presided, supported by His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Aid-de-Camp (Mr. Morris). Mr. Itiddoeh, Mr. E, M. Young, and other gentle men. The Ch axeman after dinner gave "The Queen and the rest of the ltoyal Family," which was druuk with cheers. He then gave "The Health of His Excellency," and remarked that it did not require any oratorical powers on bis part to com mend the subject of the toast, for he was quite satisfied they would receive it with the greatest zest. It was the "Governor of the Colony," who had won them with his presence. (Hear, hear.) Amongst his high attributes, it was a pleasure to him and all present that he was a sportsman. (Cheers.) He should not dilate upon his good qualities, but simply give them the toast. (Ap plause.) Drunk with great cheering. His Excellence replied —Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—1 thank you very heartily for the most cordial manner in which y«u have been pleased to receive the toast of my health, and your Chairman has paid me the great compliment in not giving reasons why the toast should be honoured. Iam quite aware 1 must attribute the plain, unvar nished delivery of the toast to that well-kn nm loyalty which always is shown in giving Her Majesty's representatives the utmost honour; but I take it as a personal compliment to myself that I am so well known already among friends in the South-East that I need no recommendation. (Applause.) I am happy to see here to-day many gentlemen whose acquaintance I have had the honour to make before comiug to the South-East, and I trust that this visit and others which it may be in my power to make will com plete a better acquaintance, so that I shall need no introduction at all. (Cheers.) I come, gentlemen, with great interest to see this part < f South Australia, knowing as I do by figures—much more eloquent than any other facts—how great! an attraction to purchasers of land this part of the colony has proved. (Applause.) I am glad to know from friends of my own that there is a great deal of solid prosperity here; and that, even in spite of the bad.times, the inhabitants of the South-East are still able to hold their heads above water; and I am very happy to bear from a gentle man whose very intimate acquaintance I was able to make through accompanying him in my outward voyage—Dr. Browne, of Mount Gambier—that he had never seen South Australia in a state exhibiting more solid prosperity and progress. He told me, the day he sailed for England, that he went home with that opinion, and that he was very happy to assure me of that being the case. Well, gentlemen, I shall see more of this district in a few days. At present I have only seen a particularly ugly and disagreeable part of the district between Lacepede Bay and Narracoorte. which I am quite sure is by no means a fair speci men of the iSouth-Kast. 1 have enjoyed my visit to the South-East in another view, and that is in reference to the extreme good-fellowship with which its inhabitants come together to meet in a friendly way, putting aside their little differences, if they have. any, and only vieing with each other in contributing to the common good-feeling and amusement. (Applause.) If it was, as I have no doubt is the case, a faur specimen of the ' inhabitants of the South-East that assembled to-day, all I can say is it must be a very pleasant place in which to spend one's life, (A laugh.) I am anxious to leave as good an impression as I can, and knowing that the better half of the population—the ladies—have no part in this enter tainment, but are looking forward to Bpend the evening more pleasantly at a later hour, I shall not render myself liable to the charge of having detained yon one moment longer from that pleasant and agreeable part of our amusement. Sol sit down, only thanking you mid trusting that you will not doubt my appreciation of the heartiness of your reception of me on this occasion. (Loud and confined cheering.) | Scotch song, Mr. J aites Affleck—" Barring of the door." Mr. T. Eisckley was sureof a favourable reception for the next toast, as it was connected with the prosperity of the colony; it was " The Parliament j of South Australia." Intimately acquainted as he had been for some twenty years with' the various Parliaments of South Australia, he thought that the Parliament of this colony would compare favourably with that of any other. On a recent visit to Adelaide he had been much struck with the earnestness that appeared to characterize the debates in the House of Assembly, and he be lieved tbere was a large amount of real interest in the welfare of the colony felt by the House, and a strong desire shown to carry on the business in a proper way. There was one sore point, and that was with reference to the voting of money. Unaer the present arrangements, orgeneral scramble ail'air, I this part of the business|was done in great measure by log-rolling, and as more logs require roiling in Adelaide than elsewhere, they got that done for them, whereas the South-Bast was unable to get ] its logs rolled, and he feared there never would so long as the present plan of voting money for public works was carried on. In the earliest days of the colony it was practically necessary that the Govern ment should carry on works of nearly every j description. There were no local institutions, and perhaps the colony was scarcely pre pared to make use of them if they had been placed at its dispsal, but since that time .District Councils and other institutions bad spread themselves over the country, and he considered that it would be admitted that they bad not abused the trust placed in their hands. It seemed to him that the central Parliament was intended to take cognizance of general matters, leaving details of expenditure on public, works after the principle had been once regulated by Act to the various dis tricts. With regard to this particular district, be though it had contributed something above one million sterling to the revenue from sales of land and so forth. (Hear, hear.) In return for that he believed after swelling the amount in every pos sible way, eveu bringing in lighthouses, there had been expended less than £150,000. He sub mitted that as individuals they were equally entitled to a fair share of die revenue and moneys available for expenditure as any other portion of South Australia. They were all equally share holders in the colony. If the National Bank were to pass a resolution that ail the dividends should go to the Adelaide shareholders and none to out siders, that would be considered scarcely fair. His own view was that the time had arrived for the Government to place the control of the public works, whatever they might be, in the shape, of means of communication in a great measure under local management, and he thought if a system of wards was adopted, and a ledger account kept of the revenue of each, it would be very desirable. That district should be divided into seven wards, em bracing the whole area of the South-East, and a certain amount proportioned to revenue be assigned to each. This would be much better than having the whole district at the mercy of any Government in power. He believed that this year the South East would contribute something like £15.i,(J00 to the land revenue, and in return for that the Government had placed at the disposal of that ghost of a body, the Itoad Board, £9,030. it was futile, too, to go to the Government for special grants for the district if they could not adopt a system by which the revenue would be secured to the district. It had been proposed eighteen years ago that the colony should be divided into eighteen Shires and Councils, and that there should be a Board com posed of the Chairmen of the Councils to act as a superior authority over them. He thought a good idea that whenever it was proposed to establish rail ways or other public works the people should be called upon to contribute something as a guarantee that the works were necessary. Tne maintenance of roads was a subject that must occupy the atten tion of the Legislature at a very early period, and all the suggestions made were for the Parliament to consider. He had pleasure in proposing the toast, coupling with it the Commissioner of Drown Lands and Dir. liiddoeh. (Drunk with cheers.) The Hon. W. Cavenagh certainly tnought the district might have come nearer home than have sec him down to respond. Were Mr. Riddoch in his district he should not think of asking biin to respond for the Parliament. In a meeting like the present, which was purely for sporting purposes, he did not see the use of going into politics. (Cheers.) They had come there on purpose to celebrate the Waterloo meeting, and he believed there were many gentlemen present who would rather be over the way dancing than listening to anything he could say. (Cheers.) The Parliament had onerous duties to perform, aud if they committed errors, those errors were of judgment, and not of inten tion. (Loud anplause.) His EicEti£Ncr said— Mr. Chairman and ' en tlemen—1 have been asked to propose a toast which it gives me very much pleasure to have p aced in my hands. As Mr. Cavenagh has re minded you, the meeting was for sporting pur poses. They were met there specialty to join in the Waterloo Coursing Meeting. It is my first in troduction to eoursiDg in South Australia, and I am not much known in the coursing world at home; but as regards the coursing, all I can say is the opinions around me to-day seemed to be, on the whole, that we were having very good sport. It seemed to me many of the runs were very good. The dogs were extremely fine animals, and showed that breeding, at all events, does not fall off in this climate. U seemed to me that the game were more active on their legs than the hares we are familiar with at home, and put the dogs on their best mettle. £ am not qualified to pass a critical opinion on the sport; but an event which brings so many people toge'.her in hearty good humour, and keeps them on the tiptoe of pleasure all the day, must be an ad vantage to the district and the colony. I for one have been happy te take part in the proceedings, and I shall be glad if I can do so again. (Applause.) And, gentlemen, may I be allowed to compliment those taking part in the meeting to- day on the extraordinary good order that was kept. You have a most efticieut President, who gave his orders, and was obeyed in a manner which did great credit to the numerous party around him. Until well after lunch I could perceive no erratic symptoms at all on the part of those con cerned, nor did any little aberrations in a later period of the day seem to pro duce any evil effects I think you are most fortunate in having a Secretary who understands his business so well as Mr. Connor appears to do, for I know enough from meetings of a similar kind to understand how mauy arrangements have to be foreseen, which, unless provided for, will not fail to ensure au unhappy result; and nothing was wanting in the choice of the ground or in other arrangements to secure on the whole a successful meeting. Although it is impossible for a Judge to please more than one of the parties principally interested, yet the decisions apppeared to give general satisfaction to the bystanders. I ask you to join in drinking "Success to the Jiarraeoorte Coursing Club, aad especially to its Secretary, Mr. Connor." The toast was drunk with cheers. Song, Mr. Park Laurie—"Happy be thy Dreams." Mr. Connor had frequently had to respond for the Narracoorte Coursing Club, and he must use very much the same words as he had done before. It was a little over two years since the Club was established, and it was at that time little thought that witliin so short a period they would have 3S dogs entered, and such a gathering of people at their meeting, besides having the patronage of the Governor of the colony. It was a perfectly new institution in this country, and it was very often thought by those ignorant of the j sport that the very object of it was defeated. Three-fourths of the population, if you showed them two dogs running together, if one dog did nothing hut kill the game, he would say it was the best, and therefore thete was a great difficulty in establishing public couising, seeing that in three out of each four times the prize is awarded to the dog that has done the least. This Ciub bad pro spered, and, considering all the circumstances, he believed that still better times were ic store for it. Better order would be kept when the thing got to be well understood, for it had many advantages over its great and more expensive rival, horse racing. Many people of moderate means could embark in this enterprise who could not in racing. He did not depreciate horse racing, but both sports would harmonize and come in well together. He thanked them on behalf of the Club for the toast He believed it would do its best to merit patronage 3nd to provide good ground for the trials. Of course a certain number of dogs would lose, but the losers should strive to win next time. He was satisfied the officers had striven to do their best on this occasion. Mr. attiwkll was not at all prepared to speak at length on the toast he had to pro pose—"The Commercial, Agricultural, and Pas toral Interests." There were representatives of each of those classes who probably knew more of them than he could tell them, fie was con nected with one, but was not ready with facts and figures even so far as that was concerned. The commercial interest at Narracoorte had suffered from the general depression, but he trusted that the bad times were nearly gone, and that the good times were coming on. (Applause.) The Chairman proposed, "The Health of Lady Edith Fergusson and the Ladies of South Australia," and expressed his regret that Lady Edith was not present. He hoped the South-East might yet have the honour of a visit from Her Ladyship. Mr. Mobbis briefly and appropriately returned thanks. Mr. Biddoch, M.P., gave "The Press" in com plimentary terms. Mr. J. H. Finlayson, of the .Blister, responded generally, aud Mr. \V. E. E. Coles, a resident, for the Advertiser. His Excellency proposed the health of "Mr. Jones, their Chairman" and remarked that Lady Edith regretted greatly not being able to ac company him, but she had not been very well lately, and certainly was unfit for the journey, over the beautiful country between Lacepede Bay and Narracoorte. (A laugh.) As soon as she could she would pay the district a visit. It was 1 not necessary to speak of the good qualities of the Chairman; but he could personally testify to his anxiety to render the sports a success, fie asked them to drink the toast with three times three. This call was heartily responded to. The Chaxbman expressed very great gratifi cation at the eulogium passed by His Excellency upon him, coming, as it did, from such an excel lent judge. If he could do anything to add to the conviviality of the district, his services were at its disposal. The meeting disp used before half past 9 o'clock. THE BALL. The second hall connected with the cours ing matches took place on the evening of Thursday in the large room of Mrs. Mae donald's Narracoorte Hotel. The floor was in excellent condition fordancing, the refresh ments were nnexceptionable, and there were present just a sufficient number of people to be able thoroughly to enjoy themselves. His Excellency and a number of local mag nates were present, and pleasure reigned supreme until 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning. THE COURSING.—THIRD DAY. The final ties were run off on Friday on the Moyhall Run as before. Although the company was not so large as on former occa sions, the intense interest felt in the result of the trials had the effect of attracting a good muster of the most enthusiastic amongst the sportsmen. During' the previous evening there was a good deal of activity in the betting-market, but it princi pally consisted in backing a favourite dog to the extent of a few notes. Two or three of the Victorian sporting-men succeeded well in keeping up the excitement, and as a conse quence numbers of those who attended on the deciding-day had more than a general interest in the issue of the contest. Some capital coursing country was opened out, and the wallabies answered well to the draw. After a stoutly-contested struggle the Cup fell to Mr. H. Jones, on account of his fine dog Jason. This is the second time that the argonautic leader has been in the front ranks at the final course, having last year divided with Mr. Johnson. His age now is only four months beyond two years, and he is of splendid pedigree, owing, as he does, Spring for liis sire, and Fly, out of a dog imported by Mr. Seymour, of Victoria, for his mother. Banjo, the runner up, was in magnificent form, and had evidently been nurtured with the tenderest care by Mr. Fagan, both of whose dogs were brought to course in admirable condition. Banjo ran no less than live heavy courses, and it was an untoward fate that prevented his final j victory after fighting so gallantly. The j only consolation, for him consists in the ! I knowledge that he had a powerful antago- j nist. As it was, the triumph of Jason was J j unmistakable. The Waterloo Plate also ; | fell to the share of a South Australian, Mr. ; | Robertson, who was hard pressed by Fly up ' till the last moment. The Victorian dogs, i for all that, made a nice show, and many of them exhibited marks of breeding which will be of use to them hereafter. The sport in the field finally closed between 4 and 5 o'clock, and thus was I brought to a close a highly successful meet j ing—one on which the district has great ; reason to plume itself, for the double reason that it had been honoured with so many distinguished guests, and that it has suc ceeded in keeping the stakes at home. THE SETTLING. Not quite brought to a conclusion either, for the settling took place at the Commercial Hotel on Friday evening. Preliminary to the more formal proceedings, a lively and at times acrimonious debate occurred between Mr. Fagan and the Judge. Each side had its supporters, and the game was kept alive until it resulted in two formal protests, entered by Banjo's owner, who, generally noted fer the equanimity with which he can pocket a loss, was naturally aggrieved at the ill fortune of his stock. The protests read thus:— "No. 1. To the Stewards of the Narracooite Coursing Club—Gentlemen—I object to the stakes being paid over to Jason as winner of the Waterloo Cup, on the ground that he (Jason) ran two natural byes m the stake, which disqualifies him from receiving the prize. I having won all the courses with my dog Banjo, I claim the stakes.—W. H. Fagan. "No. 2. Gentlemen—I object to the stakes being paid over to Jason on the ground that he did not beat Fly in his second course for the Waterloo Cup, as iu all the other cases the verdict was given when the dog went to cover.—W. H. Fagan." Mr. Jones, as being interested in the issue of the protests, declined to sit to adjudicate, and the Stewards, after a very careful exami nation of the faets as gathered from inde pendent sources, reached the following con clusions— "At a meeting held by the Stewards it was re resolved. with regard to protest No. 1, that Mr. Fagan having made a similar protest on the ground, and prior to the race when called before the Stewards having withdrawn that protest, the Stewards cannot eutertain a similar protest after the race has been run. " With regard to protest No. 2, it was resolved that the Stewards see no reason for interfering with the Judge's decision." This verdict was duly reported and favour ably received by the large crowd of persons present. An adjournment then took place into the large room of the hotel for the settling. Mr. H. Jones, President, occupied the chair; and Mr. Connor, the Judge, re ported as follows:—"The Waterloo Cup.— Mr. Jones, I have now to hand over to you the sum of £90—£80 for the winner of the Cup, and £10 for the dog that won the extra course the previous tie; to Mr. Fagan, as the runner up for the Waterloo Cup, with £25; to Princess's and Snip's owners, £7 10s. each; to Sampler's owner, £5 each; to War Eagle's, £5; to Trimbusk's, £5. And now for the Plate.—To Mr. Robertson's Rosamond, as winner, I have t<s hand over £15; to Fly, as runner up, £10; and to Lady, £5." This part of the business completed, and the settling satisfactorily accomplished, the liquor was circulated freely, and the con viviality of the evening commenced. Mr. T. Hinckley proposed "The Winner of the . Waterloo Cup." (Cheers.) The result of the three days' coursing seemed to hiux most satisfactory. There had been fine weather, the dogs had run well, and it w s i gratifying fact that the same dogs that got tue best of it last year had come together and raced to the deciding lie. He con sidered that the decision which had been arrived at in that case should he satisfactory to everybody; and it was no slight honour for the owner of the Waterloo Cup to have taken the prize against such good competitors. Mr. Jones said their worthy Governor had told them that he entered the district at the back door, and he would commence his speech at what was properly the finish. The dogs that he had run during the meeting were not his, bnt his sons', and anything accruing from the spore be longed to them. It was gratifying to hitn that they were winners, and he was proud to be placed in the position he occupied. For two successive years he had contested the Cup, and as he had come off victorious in both, they must agree that he had reason to he proud of his dogs. Their breeding he knew to be unexceptionable. The slut was imported by a person who gave her to him as being equal, if not superior, to anything in tiie world. The sire he believed to be of very high breeding, and the pro ceedings of that day had shown their excellence, for it was impossible that he could have otherwise competed successfully against such a magnificent dog as Banjo. He had been particularly desirous that Banjo's owner should leave him in the d strict to improve the breed of their dogs, the superiority of which had been proved by their beating representatives from the other colonies. Facts bad proved that their breed was superior to anything in the colonies. He said this without detriment to Banjo, for he repeated that a more magnificent dog he had never seen run upon a course. As he had succeeded so far himself he would mention a smai I scheme which had suggested itself to him. Jt was his intention to retain Jason, and any one who chose to send a slut there the charge would be £3, of which £3 should go into the Bank, and one should go to him to pay ex penses. Before the dogs got by him exceeded two years in age he would have them run in a produce stake, the entries being confined to such as the Committee of the Coursing Club thought proper. If gentlemen sent their slutE, a breed of dogs would be raised similar in quality of blood, and the stake would soon mount up to a considerable sum. His object was not only to conduce to the interests of the Club, but to the imrirovement of the breed. He might, perhaps, be accused of a little egotism, but he could not plead guilty to the charge. Having been the winner of the Cup for two years —the winner this year, and having the dog that divided stakes with Mr. Johnson last year—he was justified in the observations he had made. He returned hearty thanks for the honour which had been done to himself and to his children and to their degs. Mr. Singleton proposed " The Runner up of the Cup, Mr. Fagan." He had been here last year, and in order to come up had without question been put to heavy expense. He had said that he intended being up again, and he had come, and bad , maintained the position he had taken last year— ! more than that, he had come quite up to the deciding point. He was a thorough sportsman— (Applause)—and he hoped that next time better success would attend him, for any one coming from Melbourne was worthy of a good stake, ft was an extraordinary fact that the dogs had come together at the close on both occasions. (Cheers.) Mr. Fag in, in replying, contradicted Mr. Jones's statement as to the superiority of his dogs over all others in the colony, for he was pre pared to run either of his dogs with Banjo, notwithstanding the fact that he had his toe claw off, for £-20, the money to be given to any, charitable institution in Narracoorte that Mr. Jones might name. (Applause.) He did not deny that he had had very had luck; but his dog had run five courses, which was more than any other dog had run, and he had led up to his game every tune—("No, not the last") —therefore he could not see that he was inferior to any dog. (Mr.Connnr—" He is the best dog I ever saw on the ground.") He emphatically denied that Jason was the best dog, and was ready to prove it over any ground for nothing. Last year nis dog was out of condition. He had bad luck, and he took his beating as well as man could, and he got credit for it. He wished now to uphold the character of his dog by running for a trophy. At the wind-up that day he would have won, but his dog bad a fall. He should like to make a pool, to include Janitor, Fly, Jason, and Eanji, for £5, £10, £15, or £2'i, the winner to take the money and pay £25 to a charitable institution. (Ap plause.) Mr. Jones felt if he took up the challenge that he would be jeopardizing the character of his dog. who had been hurt by having a horse tread upon him, causing a delay in training of from seven to nine days. He had never been in condition to run at these courses. As to Janitor, he had been injured whilst coursing the previous day, and he was not going to jeopardize the position of his dogs. Mr. Fagan gave "The Losers." which was warmly received. Mr. Jones proposed " The Health of the Judge,15 It was mainly through Mr. Connor that the meet ing had been got up; but for his exertionshe would notnowhave that extra cheque for £9) in his pocket. He considered the benefit of the courses to the township were incalculable, for the people came and lavished their money away in it to a great extent. Every sportsman would look up to Mr. Connor with reverence, and the cool and quiet manner in which, under the most trying circum stances, he had performed his duties reflected the greatest credit upon him. (Applause). Drunk with three hearty cheers. Mr. Conkoe said the toast was a usual one, and he was sure that several who had honoured it did not agree in the sentiment proposed, lie cer tainly had established the Club. He was but a working man, depending upon his own exertions for his bread, and yet he had done what he could on behalf of the Club. In connection with this last meeting he had sent 760 letters. L;ist meeting he was £17 out of pocket in money, and he expected he would have to make up something this year also. The difficulty here was to deal with men who did not understand much if anything of coursing. He had striven hard to give only such decisions as were righteous and just. He might be wrong, but he knew from experience that it was impossible to make out the winner unless the dogs were followed up closely There was one case that day where he had declined to give a decision because he was not sure. If he had been able to get a man for Judge in whom he thought the public woul 1 have had confidence, he would willingly have relinquished the post, for he had had an offer from Mr. J ohnson to put Black Eagle and Elack Adder in training; but he could nci bfLTS felt satisfied to allow their performances to be judged by one who did not understand tne work. It was always the case that decisions were doubted; but in England that was done silently, whereas here it was made public. If. however, he had said a single bad word against any one during the meeting, he humbly apologized, ami he forgave any one who had spoken bitteriy of him. He had to complain of little assistance being rendered him in the beating, except by Mr. Grieves and Mr. Lyon. He, however, considered the meeting a great success, and he only regretted that those who had come from a distance had not been more fortunate. He should always like to see the poor man who wanted the money win, but he could not outstep the strict , limits of his duty to produce such a result. (Ap- I plause.) Mr. Jones gave "The Health of Mr. Robertson, of Moyhall," on whose! purchased land the chief part of the coursing bad been carried on. The toast was drunk with cheers, after which a number of toasts and sentiments were given, and the evening was spent very agreeably. 