PERIODICALS FOR DECEMBER. I (From Bell's Weekly Messenger.) BiACxwooD ends the year 1868 as well and worthily as it began it, and presents so great an abundance of matter, both fresh and vigorous, that it is scarcely possible to lay the number down, when once it has been taken up. The political article, under the title. "What is to become of it?" places the difficulties and dangers which are before Mr. Gladstone in their true light difficulties not likely to be diminished by the bole of a dignified step which the Conservative Government has taken in tendering its resignation before the Parliamentary campaign can be opened. with the whole tenor and purpose of this article we most cordially agree, but with no part of it more positively than with the following concluding paragraph, which has all the force of a prediction, sooner or later to be literally fulfilled. "There is every reason to believe that the general condition of this country-of Ireland not less than of England and Scotland will in no very essential point be different twelve months hence from what it is at the present moment. We may change our Administration, but shall not change our Constitution in Church or State in the lifetime of the present generation." As of imperative importance we give precedence to this political reference ; but we should be guilty of much injustice were we not to speak of the other features of this truly valuable number. The first article, consisting of the second part of a new novel, entitled "Doubles and Quite: a Comedy of Errors," is preceded by a curious announcement that a gentleman, who says he never reads the magazine, threatens to prosecute Messrs. Blackwood for libelling him under the name of Captain Burradge -a threat we should imagine more easily made than carried into execution. If any resemblance between the invented character and the gentleman who complains exists, he can imagine what his annoyance may be, but the course he has adopted is certainly not a means of allaying it. The "Comedy," as far as it is gone, is most mirth-provoking. The continuation of .' The Historical Sketches," to which we have frequently called attention, and which we so greatly missed" in the November number, is this month re- commenced, the title being "The Sailor," under which the remarkable career of Anson is recorded. A review of "Kinglake's History of the Crimean War, of which the first portion is only given, defends that writer against his many unsparing critics. This is followed by a handsome tribute to the talent and memory of the late Dean Milman, which manifests a thorough appreciation of the real causes upon which the popularity of that poet, historian, and Churchman will be based. Cornelius O'Dowd" or rather Mr. Charles Lever is as racy as ever, and deals some withering sarcasms against Mr. Gladstone under the title of " Oratory," the concluding bit of which is much too good and applicable to be lost sight of:-" The Irish Church is to be sacrificed on account of Fenianism. Of this there is no doubt nor any denial; but what are the demands of Fenianism? Separation and Independence ! are there twenty shillings in the pound ? What instalment is represented by confiscation of the lands of Ireland, and how much did that meeting in the Rotunda last month agree to take in acquittal of the debt due to them ? It is only ' leathery however, makes such appeals as this, and such < leathery ' is just as baneful, just as unsound in Lancashire, as Jemmy Potter declared it was in Dublin." That worthy in the first part of the article is thus represented as having used the following language when asked to vote for Henry Grattan on the score that he had made Ireland glorious by his oratory. " ' Orathery, Orathery ;' now look here sir, said he aloud,, ' if there's anything I 'detest in this world it is that same ! And if the King upon his throne, or the Judge upon his bench, was to say to me: Jemmy Potter, what's the ruin of Ireland ?" by the virtue of my oath, I'd say, its Orathery : devil a thing else but Orathery ! " Well does Cornelius O'Dowd, therefore, sum up Mr. Gladstone's " Orathery," when he Bfkc "If such be the mock pearls we get from the most consummate rhetorician of the day, what are we of. DTTiflrl from Kia followers >" St. Paul's is this month relieved from the dead weight of its usual political article, and confines itself to only one reference to national affairs-" Spain, under its last Bourbon Sovereign," Every other portion of the number is made up of lighter materials, and is on that account the more agreeable, in which, " The Sacristan's Household " and Phineas Finn, the Irish Member," occupy their usual prominent places. London Society is as brimful of amusing matter as it invariably is, but the best article out and out of the number is a trenchant onslaught by Mr. James Greenwood open "Music Hall Morality," in which the vice of those places of public entertainment is un- sparingly exposed. AS amongst the best specimens of the number, "The Piccadilly Papers," may especially be named. Tinsley's Magazine continues to supply its numerous readers with an abundant amount of really sensible matter, the characteristic worth of which is steadily displayed by a staff of writers of the most positive talent. The novelist portions, Breaking a Butter- fly," and " A House of Cards are amongst the specimens which lose nothing of their wonted attrac- tion. Temple Bar opens with a new novel by the author of " Steven Lawrence, Yeoman," which promises exceedingly well. Mr. Hannay furnishes a pleasant note of i travel under the title of "From Pit'enween to Barcelona;" and this is followed by a trifle, "How Mr. Blewstring got chiselled out of £00," which relates how an Englishman at the risk of his life was a bet of a boasting Yankee, so as to take all the bunkum out of him in no time. Miss Marryat's ." A Lucky Disappointment," continues its attractions, but the article of all others which commends itself to general consideration is the continuation of the " Six Years in the Prisons of England by a Merchant." The other portions, and especially that of "Kitty," by the author of " Dr. Jacob,' serve to complete a very effective number. The Broadway may now be said to have been brought entirely within the usual range of monthly magazines, the original intention, arwW as the price, having been entirely changed upon new series having been commenced. It now is of equal talent, generally speaking, with the many other contemporaries with which it has had to compete. The Churchman's Shilling Magazine contains no less than fifteen articles-a good supply, especially as they are of fair average quality, for the price at which the magazine is issued. 7/1 Art Journal adheres to its usual excellent qualities, and maintains its superiority with undiminished vigour and power. Its engravings are again of the very highest quality, both in point of finish and selection, and the talent combined both in this department and its literature gives it a position which can by no means be shaken or endangered. The London opens with a superbly written tale by Mr. Palgrave Simpson, under the startling title of '' Frozen In, which for power and originality has rarely been excelled. All the remaining portions of good quality, but this is indeed the piece de resistance in every point of view. ' Aunt Judy's Magazine again shows its clever adaptation for the especial purposes of its issue. It is incomparably the best of all the numerous serials which are exclusively prepared for the delectation of children. Christmas Stories" from All the Year Round. Although Mr. Charles Dickens disappoints the public by not presenting them with one of his most anxiously looked for and admired Christmas stories, he has done the next best thing for them, which cannot but be largely appreciated and esteemed, by reissuing is one handsomely bound volume, the nine Stories, which are amongst the most celebrated of his recent literary contributions. The reappearance of these grave and gay specimens of versatile talent, combined as they are with depths of passion and bursts of frolic and fun will on every hand be welcome, no less than an evident assurance that one, so universally beloved and respected as Mr. Charles Dickens is, has as much pleasure as ever in wishing his friends and the public " a merry Christmas and a happy New Year." " A Stable for Nightmares," the Christmas number of Tinsley's Magazine, consists of a clever Re-introduction of the humorous old practice of telling ghost stories at the approaching festive season, which hold the young entranced, whilst they provoke the merri- ment of those, who have discovered that there is nothing but invention in any one of them. The cleverness with which the various incidents which make up this " Annual " are related, is unquestionable, and it will be strange indeed if they do not furnish a welcome means of amusement at hundreds of fire I sides. Old Merry's Annual in every respect carries out the , assumed sobriquet of the author. It offers, in every sense of the word, a fund of merriment for the young, whom the cares of life have not yet assailed. Warne's home Annual, edited by Mrs. Valentine consists of a collection of original stories, games, and amusements, carefully selected and very pleasantly arranged, the illustrations of which add greatly to their value. Not the least useful portion of this timely publication is that which contains charades for acting, Christmas games, modern popular conjuring, and of her illusions. Everybody's Year Book This national and truly popular annual is in many respects an improvement upon that of last year, when it was first launched into life. Its usefulness cannot be too highly spoken of; since, as a means of constant reference for all practical purposes, it is invaluable. Good Words for the Young. Strahan. This is a new serial, intended specially for the delectation of the young and judging from the first two parts, and the names of the writers who have been engaged to contribute to it, there cannot be a doubt of its success. We must, however, enter our protest against the to up, almost profane manner in which the Rev. C. Kingsley, in his article entitled " Madam How and Lady Why," speaks of the Divine Being under the latter term. 