LATEST INTELLIGENCE. [BY ELEOTMO TELEORAI'JI.I S ll I P V I N G . [FUOH OUB OWN oonrtEaroNDENT.J Syilnoy, Monthly night. Tho lición M'Orogor crospcd tho Clarence River har nt fl p.m., on Friday, anti arrived at Sydney, on Saturday, nt midnight. Tho Agnes Irving crossed tho Clarence bar at -1 p.m. on Saturday, and arrived nt Sydney at 1 a.m., this (Monday) morning. Tho Agnes Irving sails To-Morrow (Tuesday) ; and tho Platypus daily expcclcd from tho Macleay, will bo despatched on arrival, for tho Clnrenco River with tho plant nnd machinery of tho Clarence Sugar Association, now nvlaiting shipment. Messrs. J. mid A\ Campbell's new iron steamer, intended for jbolClmenoc Jliver, was launched on Saturday. Sab Aa lxnulfril model with largo colly- ing capacity. \ \ \ \ i'ho Btonmer Edu|n i\ ptfsVg through Port Phillip Heeds struck on n look, and reached thc Queen's Wharf, Melbourne in a Milking conilition. [I'llOlI CAPTAIN WISEMAN.] Sydney, Hominy, 2 p.m. Tho Helen M'Gregor arrived on Snturdny night ¡ she will sall, if possible, To- Morrow (Tuesday) night. [PltOAT OUR OWN OOItnESPONDENT.] Sydney, Monday, 0 p.m. Tho Intercolonial Customs Conference hold their first silting at tho Chninbor of Commerce, to-day (Monday). Tho Press is excluded. Tho city is full of countiv folk, visiting tito Metro- politan Agiicultural Exhibition, which opens To Morrow, (Tuesday). A mooting of Mr. W. Pritchards' creditors was hold to-dny (Monday). It ia reported that tho return of subscriptions in Mort's shipment of meat scheme has been postponed ; in order to giro timo for n further trial. Tho Hank of Now South Wales has declared a dividend at tho rato of lfl per cont, per annum. Tho Tasmanian cabio has been successfully laid. A flro ocouircd in Yoik-street on Sunday, adjoin- ing M'Arthur's Blores. Fortunately it was speedily extinguished. Mr. Alderman Ronny has been clcctod Mayor of tho City of Sydney. \ Professor Smith, Mc. Molincnux, nnd Mr. Munrln hnvo been elected directors of tho Australian Mutual Provident Society. \ - S The mail steamer Mil ta Jost a man ovcrbontd in rounding Cloft Island, ht n lionvy sen. Ilcnvy defalcations liflvo been discovered In tho Supremo Court Ofllee, HtWliitnc. Mr. Gilbert Wright, the dcputy-rcgistinr, hn\\\bcou dismissed, mid Mr, Wilkie, tho Attotnoy-Qotlcral's stcrotnry, lins been suspended. Stafford, chief clerk In thcltockhnmpton Custom IIOUBO, absconded to California, leaving défalcations to tho amount of £21,1. Mrs. Wincey, of Gawler, South Australia, lins commenrcd au action In tho Supremo Court, Adelaide, ngaliint Hr, lleruciistlo for damages arising li om his treatment of her. At tho Parités Testimonial Fund publie meeting, on Wednesday,'callod by tho Mayor of Kiama, not a dozen of Mr. Parkes' friends attended. It was stated thut thc ghost.hauVrightencd tito people. Thero was no speaking. ~~ X î \ Tho result of tho Investigation of tho Pilot Hoard into tho sinking of tho Httrticnno in Hobson's lluy ls that tho causo is not known. Mr. J, Mllbournc Marsh, Polico Magistrate of Wellington, in . tho Western District has been appointed to suecocd Mr. E. D. Day, as Police Magistrate of Maitland. ? . Messrs. Glass and Quartcrman, of Melbourne, for the part they took ¡li the biibery of coi tain members, have been committed to gnol.by tho Assembly. They aro confined in tho dcblorB'pvison ; they hnvo what food tlioy like to order,'and their own bedding, but otherwise they aro essentially prisuncrs. Tho Supreme Court has ordered their release, deciding that the Speaker's warrant wai informal. Munumi 01» Mn. HAI/LIOAN, op ROCKHAMPTON. Mr. Ilallienn, tho gold-buyer, is missing from the Morinish diggings; with ti lurgo parcel of gold in his possession.-Little \doubt remains as to tho fate of Mr. Halligan, tho gold- buyer. It U nil but certain that ho hos beciv-murdered., On Thursday his hat, whip, a portion bf anjdpnca coat, and a shirt button, i were found close tov tho scrub on tho Agricultural Reserve, und about eight milrs from town. Truces of a struggle on tho rond, "and deep Impressions of hordes' feet, apparently from hard galloping, were also dis- covered. On Friduy a bullet mark was found on a tree closo to where the hat lind been found. Appor ently Mr. Halligan must have been mot on tho road by those who committed tho crime, mid directly ho waa attacked ho dashed forward to get clear, and was then 6hot ot. The body has not yet boon found, but Inspectors Murray, mid Elliot aro now on tho trucks leading to thc nvir, \\\htch is about ti milo distant, und wliero tho body is\suiipo6od to bo concealed. Suspicion bas attached itself t0 n well- known horse stcalcr, mimed Pa.raer, who wns lately seen in thc neighbourhood in company with tho notorious Thunderbolt, on Friday. A mun who had been arrested on suspicion was afterwards discharged, having proved au alibi, A momorinl, signed by flftcen clergymen nnd twenty-one lnymen of tho Church of England, was presented, iui 'Wednesday, to the Bishop of Adelaide, praying liimVo put n stop to Ritualistic practices in South Auitrihin, . Ile declined to intcrfero unless srieciflc chnrgeb \Mrc\nado, and tho clergyman named. An excited etobato oVurrcd in tho Adelaide Synod on Tliuislfny^tut, oWth\ Ritualistic question, when the following motion wa\ carried almost unanimously -" That in the «pinion of this Synod, it is of tho highest importtuioato the unity and well-being of tho Church of Hnglnntr, that tho Bishop bo earnestly re epiosttd to uso Jils influence in tho correction and pre- vention of suah evils ns aro known by the term ' Kituullstlc ' nsVmy bc in keeping with tho tenor of his address auhcvrusdiHt of thc Synod, nnd that all ceremonism rrrVhcVisBctL bo strictly enrried out in R-.1- SA^^i.m.1 «^lp,"" ¡" t]lc l'ruycr-llook." ANOTIIEK MASSAUVU w \vvr ZEALAND.-WELLING- TON, AriiiL 13TII.-Ä Koon hns captured Mohnkn Pn, forty miles from Nwier. After i>romis!iig thom mot cy ho murd'.reer twenty-seven persons; only thirteen oicnpcd. Mr. Lavin, Police Magistrate, wile, three children, and Cooper nuil Wilkinson, Bottlers, were also found murdered. NAI'IEU, AVUII. 21svr.-Thu death of Te Kooli is confirmed hy tho Mohaka pooplcV He was shot deud by Butene Ilaire anti Tomonna \ . Tho ÎJîtkollf Hdiiwurgk landed nt Wellington on tho ^tjwtf ApilL VurlelrSlor Nelson on tho 21st. A Nnjrfor tcltgrsm^ntcs that Lady Bowen gnvo birth to a daughter db the'ToYh April. QUEENSLAND Ori'ie\u,s.-We uro informed thnt tho services of Mr. WilkieXlato seeretury to tho Attornoy Ccue]al havi! been rnlh\r unceremoniously dispensed with. Mr. Wilkie lins a very extensivo connection of persons interested in his welfare who will deeply rrgrot thhi occurrence. Another member of tho Civil Service, Mr. C. J. fituffurd, head clerk in tho Customs at Rockhampton, Vis lately absented himself from his duties Ander ciiauiuçiniices painful and perplexing to lils im\fteqlnte^u]VrlorV ^ o believe ho luis left thc coloiv$l^ut^ve\yCcfljirt will bu mado to induce him to return. »We Bro glori to learn that ho wns heard ol' on Saturday iW.-On Monday, before thc Police Magistrate, in \ho mntter of the Post Ollleo defalcations, Willinm Bulby, nged nineteen, lately n clerk in tho Ocnertil Pe\f Ufllco, was again brought up on remand, chargeil with stealing a post letter, liviilcneo was taken, and tho prisoner wus again remnndetl until teil o'clock tho following day. Bail was allowed, himself in £200, nnd two sureties of £100 ouch.-It waa cuircntly rumoured in town on Thursday that further unpleasant eliscoverics hnel been made, in which certain civil servants are seriously concerned. It h not desirable to mention names just now, but wo hnvo little doubt that rumours will very speedily ho verified. If this sort of thing goo* on nt tho present rate it willsnve thc Government ti good deal of trouble in their nt'etnpts to retrench ; but, nu tho other hand, the administration of justice will, for a short time al ¡Vast, become very costly. 