THE WEEK'S NEWS. i. . ' THE NORTHERN Territoey.-The Government hare already received the offer of steamers to bring ! back a portion of the members o! the Northern ' : Territory party. According to the terms of the j | advertisement tenders are invited for all deacrip- j tions of vessels. The. Gulnare is to revisit the ; j Territory as originally determined on, and -will : probably be ready for sea before the end of the week. THE Floods IS theKobtil-Additional to our correspondent's report of the flooded country the Kapanda Herald of Friday says:-"The Blinman mail coach (due in. Kapuiida on Wednesday) arrived this morning. On the last stage the driver states that for 15 miles they never saw the pole of the coach for water, and his predecessor had not ' seen it for 25 miles. After leaving Kanyaka only 18 miles progress was made in one day. MELBOURNE UKIVBRBITT. - We note that recently at Melbourne University Mr. J. D. Robin passed his second ordinary examination in arts, and Mr. S. J. Magarey passed the first ordinary examination iu medicine. SOUTH-EASTERN CROPS.-Frost lias been playing havoc with some Mount Gambier crops, and wet has interfered with the hay harvest, while a few entertain fear of rust comins with war in and moist weather. On the whole, however, fanping pro spers are bright there. WRECK.-A telegram from Melbourne states that the barque Maris Gabrielle, from Foochow, with a cargo of tea, was wrecked at Moonlight Head on the night of the 25th. All hands arc saved; the vessel parted in two. ICED DRINKS AT OVERLAND CORNER.-Such a remarkable shower, of broken ice fell at Overland. Corner that a large quantity was gathered, and by means of a zinc lincd-case and blankets the un rated luxuries of sherry cobblers and other iced drinks were for the first time enjoyed in the bush. THE (Ecumenical COUNCIL.-With reference to the circular ot the Key. Dr. Merle D'Aubigne, of Geneva, already mentioned in our columns, the following prayer has been handed to us, with a suggestion that it or its substance might be used in the various Protestant Churches during the sitting of the (Ecumenical Council, which com mences on December 8 "A prayer which may be used for the .Bishops assembled in Council at Borne, j "Almighty God and most merciful Father, who ! of Thy infinite goodness hast given Thy only I begotten and most dearly- beloved Son Jesus Christ to be our Redeemer and the author of everlas:ing life, grant, we beseech Thee, to*all Thy ministering servants, and especially the Bishops and Pastors of Thy flock, wherever assembled to take counsel for the good of Thy Church, the spirit of wisdom, and holy fear; that they may give heed to the things contained in Thy ELoly Scriptures, of whose authority was never any doubt in the Church; and so decree nothing contrary to Thy Word written, nor besides the same require anything to be believed for necessity of salvation. Give them the light of Thy truth and the spirit of love, that, seriously laying to heart the divisions caused by unauthorized additions to the faith once delivered to the saints, they may pur^e out the leaven of superstition and pride, and take away those errors in doctrine and discipline which hinder godly union and concord in the several branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church; so that henceforth knit together, as at the beginning, in one holy bonfi of truth aud peace, of faith and charity, it may with one miud and one moush glorify Thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." town 7 feet above the summer level, and at the date of our letter (November 27) was still rising. Heavy rain also fell there during the preceding two days. SETTLEMENT IN THE NARRACOORTE AREA. Tliree wagons, drawn each by four splendid horses, besides o:her carts, forming quite a cavalcade of German families, passed through Port Caroline on their way to the Narracoorte agricultural area on November 25: they had with them a lot of quiet cattle and abundance of lease hold goods. The Swallow left that port the same night with a full load of wool and eight passengers, and eur local correspondent adds:-"The traffic one way and the other here has greatly increased; wool drays passing through the township, and people going to and from the new settlement inland. There is no doubt the proposed highway would bring this now somewhat celebrated area offered to the farmers within 17 hours of the capital, and two to three hours of a place of ship ment." DROWNED IS THE COOBOXG.-An inquest was held by Mr. J. D. Cave, J.P., at Salt Creek, Coorong, on Friday, November 26, on the remains of Thomas Jackson, a boundary rider, lately in the employ of Mr. G. D. Gosse. Deceased had been drinking at the Squatters" Home. Salt Creek, on Wednesday, November 37, from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., and was partially intoxicated when he left to return home on horseback. He took a bottle of spirits in his swag at first, but the landlord says that he took out the full bottle and replaced it with an empty tne. His hut is about five miles from the inn, and on the opposite side of the Coorong. The landlord sent a lad named Thomas Bryan with Jackson to see him safe to the other side. The boy states that he went half way across and saw Jackson esrserge safely on the opposite bank before he returned. Jf this statement be correct, Jackson must have found out the trick of the empty bottle, and in attempting to go for more grog hs.ve got into deep water and fallen from his horse. The dead body was not found until November 25. At ths proper crossing-places of this sheet of water it it quite safe, but at other spots the attempt is very dangerous. SODDEN DEATH.-John Edward?, a miner, who formerly worked at Kooringa, lately fell down dead at the Moonta Alines, shortly after going to work. Mr. G. F. Wyatt, J. P., held an inquest, when the verdict was "Died by the Visitation of God." THE WESLEY AW CONFERENCE.-We find from the Melbourne papers thai the Kev. James Bick ford was elected Wesleyan representative of the Victorian District to accompany the fiev. J. S. Waugh, President of Wesley College, to the ensuing Conference, which will be held in Adelaide in January, 1870. The t£ev. John Egglestone will also attend that Conference as Senior Clerical Treasurer of the Worn-out Ministers Fund. FOBT AUGUSTA WEATHKE.-On November 22, our letter 6ays:-"The weather for the past week has been very changeable; wind veering from north to south and cloudy, on Friday particularly so, inclining to rain. Ac 10 p.m it commenced, and raine I gently the greater part of the night, bringing one thhd of an inch of rain. Saturday was warm and close, and at miduight we had another gentle shower, one-tenth of ah inch. Yesterday there was thundery-looking weather, and this day commenced with a fresh breeze and lightning. At 6.20 p.m. the wind suddenly shifted from north to west-north-west and blew terrifically, rain falling in torrents for half an hour. Such a storin has not occurred in the recollection of any inhabitant of Port Augusta or so great a downfall in such a short time. One or two families have been swamped out" On November 21, at 6 a.m., our correspondent adds : " There have been three storms during the night, with lightning, thunder, and rain. It is quite calm new." MOUNT MUIRHEAD AREA.-A correspondent dr. Molyneux) informs us (Borner Watch J of a visit just paid to the Mount Muirhead area, in company with several other practical farmers. They were all highly pleased with much of the land they came across, and as several of them are on look out for fresh farms, they would be glad if it were speedily thrown open for selection, or at least so much of it as is fit for immediate occupation. A memorial embodyiug this wish is to be sent to the Government. TEMPERANCE.-A temperance meeting was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Athelstone, on November 25. Mr. John Amber in the chair. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. J. Pepper and W. Long, of Adelaide, and Ji. P. Mudge, of Norwood. Afterwards £0 joined the Band of Hope, and 16 names were added to the pLdge. A FRIENDLY PROSECUTION FOE FELONY.-On Friday the attention of Judge, Crown Solicitor, and Jury was engaged for some time in hearing the case of the Qaeen in the prosecution of Fanny Martin against Caroline Harrison, better known as the female horse - stealer. It resulted in an acquittal, and a few minutes afterwards prosecutor and prisoner were to be seen walking down King William- street together in the most friendly manner imaginable, .Bliss Harrison wearing the identical cloak which she had been charged with stealing. This incident affords a striking evidence of the confidence felt by members of a certain class in the righteous decisions of "their peers," and illustrates forcibly the kind of sisterly affection prevailing in what the Judge facetiously termed the agapenione, in which the intimacy between the pair had sprung up. SHIP FOE NOSTKEBX TERRITORY.-A Govern ment advertisement elsewhere calls for offers of a suitable vessel to cany a small amount of cargo to Port Darwin and return with 70 to 80 passengers. Possibly, a* the Executive stipulate for immediate dispatch, there will be no necessity for the Gulnare being sent with stores and to take the Government Resident, as had been, it is understood, previously decidcd upon. Of course this, if contemplated, ! must depend upon the nature of the offers sent in. FIBE WHEAT.-Mr. William Mitchell, of Glen burn, Eapid Bay, has forwarded to our office a bundle of wheat-stalks, some of them close upon seven feet in length, and a'l crowned with long well-filled ears. Mr. Mitchell informs us that he has two acres of the-same kind of produce, which he is i mowing for hay. MOVINU A KOOF.- A correspondent of the Northern. Argus states that "when the gale had reached its climax it carried a new galvanizsd iron roof containing about 50 sheets of iron eight feet long, with the timbers to which it was fastened, from Mr. Wagstaff's building. New Auburn, damaging it considerably. Some portions were carried nearly half a section. Three persons were in the shop, who, left roofless, with lights extin guished, had in the dark to grope thrir wav in the pelting rain to the nearest place for shelter?' FAT HEIFER.-A fat heifer, two years and two months old, shown at the late Mount Gambier Show, weighed when killed 740 s. ? THE CH&tstaus; HOLIDAT.-Christmas iuttna this year on Saturday, fend the. ahniverM^y of the colony on Tuesday, a movement is-being made for securing Monday also as a holiday, so as to enable clerkB and assistants to visit their country friends. WELL ACCIDENT.-Three men sinking a well at Mount Gambler narrowly escaped from being boned alive through the earthfallirig in. The Watch states that portions of the soil cave'way five times, bat aid' being at hand/they were rescued before the later and more considerable masses gave way. LEFEVKE-TERBACE BAPTIST CHUBCH. -The chapel at Lefevre-terrace, in which the Baptist Church lately under the pastorate of the Rev. G. Storehouse worshipped for nearly 20 years, having become too small for the accommodation of the worshippers, it has been resolved to erect another building. A block of land has been bought in Tynte-street, and the foundation-stone is to be laid shortly by Dr. Wheeler. The buildibg will be 75 feet long, 46 feet wide, and the walls 32 feet high, and estimated as capable of Beating 600. The Temperauce Hall being larger than the old chapel,' that building has been engaged for a twelvemonth, at the expiration of tfhich it is thought the new sanctuary will be ready for occupation. On Sunday, as announced, the last EermonB were prcachcd in the old place of worship. The morning service was conducted by the late pastor,, the lie?. U. Stouehouse, who selected for his text 1st Peter, iL, 5. In his opening remarks he said it seldom fell to the lot of man to preach the iiist and last sermonB in a place of worship, and he thanked God he had been permitted to do so in that building. He wgU recollected itB opening, when the services were conducted by the lie vs. T. Q. Stow, D. J. Draper, and himself. After an earnest sermon, delivered with deep feeling, the venerable minister remarked that he recognised veiy few present who were at its opening, many having passed away to the (Jpper Sanctuary. Kach pew had a histoiy of its own, and the very stores of the building appeared precious to him. At the conclusion of the address many of the con gregation were visibly affected. In the evening the present pastor, the Rev. J. li. Parsons, preached to an ovei flowing congregation from the words, "It is a faithful saying, and worthy of all accepta tion, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners."' The preacher glanced at the special nature of that, the last public service to be held in the building, and then in forcible, touching, and eloquent words commended tJ their attention " the simple GospeL" FREEMASONS' HALL.-This pile of buildings now rapidly approaches completion; so far, indeed, as to admit of the handiagover the keys of the Lodge room and of a large room in the adjoining building for the use of the Trustees. These gentlemen are making active preparations for the faucy fair (in aid of the funds) which is to take place early in December. The ladies, with the energy which usually distinguishes them in connection with bazaars, have been' devoting their leisure duriug the past five or six mouths to the production of au sorts of indescribables, and a great display may be anticipated. There are some new features to be introduced, of which we shall inform our readers as they reach us. The formal opening and solemn dedication will take place in January, when all the imposing ceremonies peculiar to such events will be observed. ANTI-KED-BDST.-On the bearded spring wheat, regarded in many parts of New tfouth Wales as impervious to the attacks of red rust, and at the same time very prolific, the Riverine Herald writes" It isa red wheat, and grows with aheard or bale upon the chaf£ and partly from this cause requires to be cut green or glary, as this beard, when the crop is quite ripe, and is shaken by the wind, &c.;, breaks off the chaff to which it is attached, and leaves the grain exposed, which of course soon sheds or falls to the ground, entailing, when allowed to get too ripe a veiy serious loss. It comes to maturity in a much shorter time than the ordinary kinds of wheat, is a small grain, and tliis with some is thought to be objectionable; but it makes flour of an excellent quality.'* REPHESENTATION OF GAWLEB WABD.-Mr. C Knight tells us that he has instructed a solicitor to institute the necessary proceedings for the removal of Sir. Councillor Raphael from his office as representative for Gawler Ward, on the grounds stated at the late Revision Court. VICTORIA MILL, GAWLER.-Respecting this mill of Messrs. W. Duffield & Co. the local Times writes: -" The pair of engines at the Victoria Mill were started for a trial on Saturday afternoon last. They worked smoothly and well, with the excep tion of a portion of the pumpieg gear. This, how ever, was got into order, and the engine has been at work pumping out water to clear the well. It is matter of surprise that the engines are in such good wojk'ng order after the severe heat to which they were subject, the metal having been red hot. Ine mul woik otherwise is ina forward state, and will probably be ready to commence grinding before the middle of next month. The fittings of the interior are, as before, very complete, and the lops row of ten pairs of stones looks capable of KrmdiDg an immense quantity of flour, which we have no doubt will be done in the comiug season." FORT WAKEFIELD Kailwat. - The Com missioner of Public Works has reoeived two replies to his call for tenders for leasing the Port Wakefield Kailway. The terms offered have not yet transpired, but they are sufficiently reasonable to be worthy of consideration. 'This they are now receiving at the hands of the Government, who are likely to deal liberally with a responsible contractor. THE FIJIAN PRESS.-We have seen the first number of the Fiji Times, a small paper, octavo size, published at lievuku, Oralau, Fiji, on the 4th September last. Its sphere as yet is necessarily somewhat limited; but it has been referred to at late missionary meetings of the Weslevan bodv as fS, ^vldeuc® of *£e advance of civilization in the bouth beas. Another paper of similar kizs has also been started, called the Star of Tonga, and primed in the Tcngese, and which is set up by a native compositor. F J TELEGRAPH TO EUROPE.-The Sydney corres pondent to the Argus writes:-"Owing to the arrest of business in eur Assembly, nothing has been d<ne in the way of discussing the pro posals for telegraphic communication with Europe. But the Government is undoubtedly committed to Queensland in favour of Air. Eraser's scheme, and I da not think the Opposition would SSS.*0 8 ^ 0f P^muzmgthe western route. At the same time, nobody on this side iB ajmsus to join Mr. Fraser in monopoly, or to throw any objections in the way of developiz^ an alternative line of communication. Fraser's line seems to be the easiest, the speediest, and the cheapest, and for that reason it is preferred- A succession of submarine Ones from Cevlon tn bouth Australia would, if kept in good worScine order, doubtless run away with the major part of ' the traffic; but to establish these lines would i the colonua m somewhat heavy responsi bilities, and the risks of accident along so great a length of sea line axe still regarded as Sus But if the western colonies prefer that route. and like to combine in its support, I do not think their secession from the support of Mr, Fraset's scheme would be at all n^arded as a grievance I They might, however, give it their support in the firet instance, as it is undoubtedly that which csn ntwi ^nleted, reserving to themselves the right to withdraw whenever the other route is in a position to claim their contribution." ADELAIDE; Kensington, AND Norwood : Boilding AND INVESTMENT SOCIETT.-a special general meeting was held at the Town HalL Norwood, on Friday evening; to elect a Secretary | vice Mr. Tasker. resigned. About 60 shareholders were present. The Chairman (Mr. L. Glyde M P1 at the request of the meeting, explained the circum stances connected with Mr. Tasker's retirement, j speaking highly of his integrity, and stated that ^applications had been received for the vacant I °^ce- Directors recommended Mr. C Eure the most suitable candidate, and after j a ballot (Messrs. Whitmore and Burman acting as scrutmeeR-) Mr. Gee was declared duly elected. The j Ik113? Vla) 08 6oon as the new Secretary and the Auditors had prepared a statement of the i assets and liabilities of the Society, no time would be lost in settling with the holders of the original shares which worked out last month. g Sixpemjt Eeadekgs AT GLENELG.-On Friday evening, November 26. the members of the Glenelg Mutual Improvement Society gave their first public entertainment at the lecture Hall which was crowded to the very doors, many persons being unable to obtain seats. Mr. E. W. Andrews, Mayor of Glenelg; wlio presided, opened the proceedings by stating that the Society had only been formed on the 7th of September with 22 membere. Since that time there had been eight meetings for debates, recitations, and the reading of essays, the average attendance being Tii °jlP3ejEbere at present on the ro.l was 42. He hailed the formation of the Society as a mark of progress, and hoped, for theTame results as had followed similar movements in England and elsewhere. His own official connection with Glenelg would dose in a very few. days, and it would always be a pleasing recollection to him that his last public act as Mayor should have been to preside at the inauguration of an institution sovaluable .The entertainment commenced with an overtoil on the piano by Master E. Hal], who at subsequent periods played two others He was muctf and deservedly applauded. Mr. Barclay followed with a clever American story, showing how a samrinnc landlord was tricked out of hfe Sillbya So sharpers. Mr. Stevenson then read an imaginary rajmentof ^Frenchmen'sautobiography,Tetting forth in most amusing style the wa^m wbic{[ he was puzzled by such English words m . draw ' and box," to which half a doz^ inconsistent meanings are attached. Next camp the grand feature of the evening, the " baying No 'by the Eev. W. Harcus. We hZ already described this excellent paper, and trced only add that on no previous occasion baa it bem listened to with more pleasure or by a more atten tive and appreciative audience. The second nart a recitation by Mr. M. Last Days of Hercnlaneam:" another by Mr Martin, ?'The Soliloquy of King Olaudiua-" a reading by Mr. t^terer, "The Shfewi^from Byron;" and a dialogue called "Private J^ctiST by Messrs. feievenson, Harris, and BarclavtAe whole of which were worthy of . comiSStio^ Votes of thanks to-the lecturer, the perf^erT^d the Chairman brought the very successful entertainment to a close at half-past 10 o'clock!^ -' PORT MAODOHSXL^ TRADE.-On November 16 the Watch, correspondent writes: - V Thife morning the Gem and flying Squirrel arrived from Mel bourne, the former in ballast, to load wool from the stores of Thomas Must & Co., the latter with cargo from Melbourne, also a la>ge steam thresh ing-machine for Mr. T. H. Williams, of the Telegraph Mills. The schooner has a fall cargo of wool awaiting her from the stores of Thomas Must and Co.. who expect daily news of the departure from Melbourne of the Escort, with cargo transhipped from the London ship Ernestine, in Hobson's Bay. The l^ayard is expected from Melbourne for Captain French." THE CULTURE OP SILK.-We have already given information as to the action of the Silk Supply Association in England-an organization which is exerting itself to the utmost to promote a much neglected branch of production. We are glad to find that in South Australia efforts, stimulated partly by the encouragement which the Associa tion affords to breeders, are being made to advance the cause of sericulture. One gentleman we have heard of who has from 15,000 to IS.OilO worms, with a large accumulation of cocoons, which he has treated by the steaming process, and intends sending home. The steps taken by Mr. Beed, Chairman of the Destitute Board, to cultivate the mulberry-tree, with a view to engaging the Industrial School children in the pur suit of silk-growing, have, we learn, been brought under the notice of the Association by letter and by means of reports published in the Adelaide papers. In a communication from a member of the Executive Committee to a gentle man in Adelaide complimentary allusion is made to what has been done, and information is given as to the intentions of the Association. We quote the paragraph alluded to:-" The day after I re ceived your letter and. the newspapers with an account of the endeavours at silk-production now being made at -llajriU we had a meeting of the Executive of the Silk Supply Association, *hen I brought the matter prominently forward. It excited considerable interest, and by next mail I shall send you a brief manual prepared by the As sociation, which gives a resum of all the processes and a brief but true statement on every point, from the soil, through the trees, leaves, worms, cocoon, &c.;, to the prepared silk. You most not manure too richly. A rich succulent leaf does not produce the best silk any more than a full overgrown cabbage makes the best blood. This manual you shall have next month. I shall be glad to have further particulars as to the operations in South Australia, as we shall publish at the be ginning of the year a monthly record, with correspondence from all parts of the world upon sericulture." The writer states that queries sent upon the subject would be replied to ih an official form. The Association, he remarks, has only been established six months, and yet there are letters from all parts of the world, chiefly through British Consuls at the Foreign Offices, who hare taken up the subject very heartily. CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE BOTANIC GARDEN. By the mail Dr. Schomburgk received from the Director of the Botanic Garden, St. Petersburg, a valuable collection of orchids. Considering the length of voyage they arrived in a very satisfactory condition.. This welcome contribution has in creased the present magnificent collection in the Botanic Garden to the extent of 56 varieties. Our collection of those charming plants may be now considered as unrivalled, so far as Australia is con cerned. With the exception of the Botanic Gar dens of Kew and Java, no public establishment of this kind has contributed so richly to our stock of plants as the Botanic Garden at St. Petersburg. This may be attributed to the fact that the Director there and Dr. Schomburgk are persorsJiy acquainted, and are old friends. By the same mail arrived also, as an experiment, a collection of geraniums and caladiums from London. They were sett in a closed box, taken out of their pots, wrapped in moss or paper, and packed amongst shavings. They arrived in splendid condition, only three out of eighteen geraniums having died. The tubers of the caladiums were wrapped in paper, and packed in the same manner, and only two out of twelve varieties have perished. These new caladiums will add another charm to the extensive and costly collection of variegated leaf plants in the Victoria House. Not one of the many caladiums sent out in Wardian cases in a growing state hare reached this colony alive. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES.-Anniversary services in connection with the Presbyterian Church, FlinderB-street, took place on Sunday, November 21\. The Bev. J. Jefferis preached in the morning from John, chap, xiii, v. 15. The Bev. James Henderson, of Port Adelaide, officiated in the afternoon, choosing his text from John, chap, xiv, v. 1. The Bev. J. L. Parsons discoursed in the evening from Matthew, chap.vii, v. 13 and 11. There was a large attendance on each occasion. The collections totalled £35. On Tuesday evening. November 23. the anniversarv ten. meeting of the above Church was well attended. A public meeting followed, at which there was a very good attendance, Mr. G. McEwin occupying the chair. The pastor, the Rev. J". Lyall. Presi dent of the Evangelical Alliance, said that the congregation was somewhat larger since the last anniversary, and there were now 200 on the Church members' roll; but stiil he was sorry that but few additions had been made during the year. The prayer meetings had been much better attended (luring the lost two years than formerly, and the Sunday- school had been efficiently conducted, there being a regular attendance of about 230. The ordinary church funds were raised by pew rents and collections at the doors. There were nearly sufficient to meet all expenses. For the debt liquidation fund about £150 per annum was raised. This fund he advised should be managed as was done by the Hindmarsh-square Congregational Chuich. The speaker stated that he had strong objections to holding concerts and similar entertainments for Church purposes, and had great confidence in the Christian willing ness of the people to raise what was necessary. Interesting addresses were also delivered by the Bevs. F. VV. Cox, J. L. Parsons, A. Crawford, H. Cbeetham, U. Fenton, and J. Henderson. The choir assisted by that of Chalmers Church sung during the evening. The total proceeds of the anniversary have been £47. A FALL-The other night a lodger at the Rail way Bo el, Kapunda, named Bishop, went to bed at 8 o'clock, and about 9 was found on the foot path, having fallen from his room, about 25 feet. Every attention was paid to him by Dr. Blood, who, as the sufferer's wife lived in the city, advised his removal to his home or the Adelaide Hospital. ?WELL-SPENT WEALTH.-The Australasian, in quoting from the Westminster Bevieio, already cited by us, the brief account of the way in which the Homilies of Apbaastes. the Persian Sage, are to be introduced to the light of day, concludes thuB" We are proud that Australia should have made so munificent a contribution to literature, and we envy our sister colony (South Australia) the possession of such a citizen as Mr. David Murray." THE >VOOL SALES.-With reference to the recent discussions upon the wool sales, the .London Economist writes as follows: -" The low price of wool i3 naturally making those in the trade look more closely at the mode of conducting it. It will certainly be an improvement if the agitation leads to the adoption of the plan of frequent public sales instead of the present periodical ones at distant intervals. The tendency of all trade arrangements is to simplicity, regularity, and quickness in the turn over, and sellers and con sumers gain by greater acceleration and certainty of transactions. An anomaly like what is stated by a correspondent-that of wool arriving a day after the sales in February being left for the May sa'es-cannot, on the whole, be beneficial to any of the parties concerned, though by such anomalies occasional profits and losses will be made." KAJLWAY TRAFFIC.-The traffic on the South Australian Bail ways for the week ended November 13 was:-Port line: Passengers, 8.46S; fares, £217 6s. 10d.; goods, j£97 7s.2d. North lire: Pas sengers, 1,809; fares, £336 lis. 3i; goods, £758 Is. 2d. Total, £1,469 9s. 5d. VITAL STATISTICS.-The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide, during the week ended Saturday, November 2i(>. were:-Births, 23 males, i7 females; deaths, S3 males, 16 females - total, 5) brths, 39 deaths, Excess of births, 1L INTEBOOLONIAL CONFERENCE.-A correspon dent's letter in the Australasian, dated Dunedin, Nov. 9, states that Mr. Vogel, the Colonial Trea surer of New Zealand, had left by steamer to at tend the Intercolonial Conference in Sydney. THE Crrr COUNCIL.-The new Standing Orders , of the City Council provide that in case of a | Councillor using offensive words, and refusing to withdraw them and make a satisfactory apology forthwith, lie shall be liable to a fine of from j£l to £10, and that on his neglecting to pay the amount before the close of the meeting he shall be pro ceeded against by the Mayor. VICTOBIAN TELEGHAPHIC RATES.-The Chief Secretary of Victoria has announced that on and after the 1st of January next the telegraph charges within the colony would be reduced to Is. for every dozen words. NATIVE IKDOSTBT.-We have seen at Mr. Ballantyne's diapery establishment, Bundle-street, a carriage mat, about four feet by three, prepared by Mr. H. Alford. The skin is from a Leicester sheep bred by Mr. C. B. Fisher, Port Gawler, the wool being about six inches in length. Its work reflects the greatest credit on Mr. Alfeid. PHOTOGRAPHY.-Mr. Duryea has just completed a portrait of Air, J. W. O. Bennett, the unfortunate gentleman who lost his life at the Northern Territory through the treachery of the blacks. The portrait is taken from a carte de visite, "enlarged to about half life size by means of the solar camera, and finished in mezzotint. Apart from the melancholy associations connected with the premature death of Mr. Bennett, the portrait challenges admiration as a work of art. i THE liEPBESENTATION OF WlST TOEHKSS.-A meeting of the electois of West Torrens was held at the Squatters* Anna, Thebarton, on Saturday evening, November 27, to consider the Parliamen tary representation of the district. . There were about 40 persons present, including a large pro portion of residents of Hindmarsh. Mr. H. Hemmingway, who presided, explained that the meeting had been called with reference to the departure of their representative, Mr. G. T. Bean; ALP., for England, and to consider whether their present representation was satisfactory. Mr. G. Dew thought they were not properly -represented naw that Mr. Bean had gone awr.y. Mr. J. O'Neal defended Mr. Bean, and denounced the meeting as a "hole and comer'' .affair. He denounced Mr. Stranc ways' conduct as being inimical . to the district) this senti ment being received with loud cheering. Mr. Johns likewise stiongly condemned Mr. Strangways. Mr. W. Jones proposed, and Mr. D. West seconded, that the meeting should be adjourned, and one convened in the District Hall, Hiudmarsb. The moiiou was negatived by a con siderable majority. Mr. O'Neal moved "That the meeting was well satisfied with Mr. Bean." He eulogized the conduct of Mr. Beau, aud depre ciated that of Mr. Stranjjways. Mr. J. Reed se conded. The motion was carried without a dissentient The proceedings closed with votes of thanks to tlie Chairman and the Press. HORSE Accidknt.-About 2 o'clock on Satur day afternoon, .November 27, a serious horse accident occurred m King William-street, rear the Napoleon Bonaparte. The driver of a horse and buggy belonging to Dr. Mclntyre, of North Adelaide, attempted to pass between a Bay .'bus and a cart owned by Mr. Stacy, grocer, of Buudle street, when the shaft of the cart entered the chest of the horse in the buggy, inflicting such severe injuries that death shortly afterwards ensued. We understand that tbe driver of Mr. Stacy's trap-a young man named Wadham-was on his right side close to the kerb, and putted up on fieeiug the coming danger, and his-horse narrowly escaped being impaled by the shaft of the buggy, which was proceeding at a rapid pace. "MY BRIDES." - Such is the title of a small octavo volume of 287 pages, published in London, and written by £mily O. Nesbitt, author of "Stories about St. Paul." The scene is not laid in Australia, but we believe that the fair novelist has close connections in this colony, and there is much about tbe character of the heroine which might identify her with bush life. Take a few words from the earliest part of the young lady's autobiography, an4 see if they do not remind one of such stations as Xooraloo or Jembocombeem. "I wore a short stuff frock, hooked behind, but there were nearly always two or three hooks off, and the wind blew through the opeaing upon my bare shoulders. My shoes had straps, from which the buttons had a strange propensity to decamp. . . . My dark thick hair was hanging about my neck iu nrnst untidy fashion." At this time "Dorothy" is but 10 years old. We find her peering through the window at a horseman just starting for a ride, and wishing that she had been "'barn a boy." Dorothy, however, though a motherless girl, is blessed with a most exquisite cousin some seven or eight years older than herself, who performs the duties of housekeeper, aud does much towards cuiing her of her faults. She has also the rare good fortune of making few but advantageous acquaintances-old ladies, young ladies, and (Inst, not least) young gentlemen- each one of whom takes part in her improvement. She is a clever, girl, and a good girl too-need we wonder, there-* fore, that she shines forth at last as all that a woman ought to be. But now for the title "My Brides." We confess that it struck us at first as savouring somewhat of Bluebeard or Henry tlie Eighth, but it has in reality nothing to do with them, for the possessor of those " brides" is not an amorous old Turk or a jealous English king, but sweet Dorothy herself in character of brides maid. She seems to have been in great request on wedding mornings, and it is only common justice that she should appear at the end of the work as a principal upon such a gay occasion. 3 he tale is a short one, and rather calculated for young than older readers, but we doubt not it will enjoy a fair share of popularity. It may be worth mentioniug that among tbe London reviews it has passed muster creditably, even the Athenaeum refraining from its too frequent habit of letting loose the east wind upon the apple blossoms, and expressing a kind hope that Miss Emily Nesbitt may continue a novelist. NEW WHEAT.-The Bunyip of Saturday last remarks:-"Several loads of new wheat were delivered at the two mills yesterday, the first, we believe, that has reached Gawler this season. Beapmg would have been pretty general during the week had not the rain come. The samples were a nice plump grain, far superior to last season's wheat. The price was 4s. 2d. to 4s. 4d. Some of the wheat came from near Pinkerton's Plains, and consequently had to come through Willaston. Surely no greater argument can be required to urge on the completion of the Willaston Bridge." Australian PBESEBVED MKAT IN Desothaba. -We extract the following irom a Demerara paper of AugUst last:-"In yesterday's Colonist, when referring to the development of sugar-growing fn Australia, and the uses to which sugar is being applied there, vie., the preservation of meats for export, we expressed regret that those meats had not yet found their way to this colony. But we little thought that the enterprise of our merchants had long since supplied the inhabitants with this want We have had forwarded to us a tin of such preserves as we alluded to by Messrs. William Finlayson & Co., who have supplies of them on sale; and from the high position accorded to these meats as nutritious and cheap articles of food by trade and scientific journals in the mother-country, we are somewhat surprised that Messrs Finlayson and Go. should have kept the secret of their supplies so long to themselves." MONEY LOBT.-On Saturday evening a poor labouring man lost, near Hindmarsh- square, £4 in notes, and the finder would bs doing a great kind ness by restoring it. FBAOAB.-On Saturday afternoon pedestrians in Hindley-street were startled at hearing stiange noises proceeding from tbe shop of Mr. Hd wards, butcher. As tbe circumstances of the affray will most likely be investigated in a Court of Justice it may be sufficient at present to state that the belligerents were Mr. Bowe, tinsmith, and Mr. S. Raphael each of whom did considerable damage to the other's frontispiece, but of course neither was the first aggressor. BOOTMAKING MACHINEEY.- The local papers mention that per the Yatala Mr. T. O. Jones, of Murray-street, Gawler, has imported machinery similar to that in use by Messrs. Sheppard and I Thompson, of Adelaide. Among the machines is a roller with four-ion pressure for leather, and apparatus for cutting soles and heels, pricking holes for rivets, splitting leather, and in various ways saving labour. CHINESE GBASS -A paragraph appeared in the Argus of October 19 to the effect that there was a good opening for a new industry in Victoria-the growing of Chinese grass. It mentioned that a lady who had just arrived in the colony by the Great Britain observed some of this grass being used when visiting a silk factory in England. She made enquiries, and brought samples of the product in different stages of preparation. It further mentioned that these samples were open for public ia3pection at Messrs. Baillie & Butters', Melbourne, and recommended the trial of an expe riment to grow the grass, which, it was believed, would thrive luxuriantly in Victoria. Mr. S. V. Pizey. Secretary of the Ohanber of Manufactures, applied to Messis. BaiUie & Butters lor seed and samples, and received a reply by the Aidinga on Friday to the effect that no seed was procurable, but promised to get a quantity from the Bo anic Garden for distribution. Four samples of the 1 product, however, were sent; the first showing the grass in its native state; the second the result of the first process it undergoes before it is fit for manufacturing purposes; the third the refuse of the primary process; and the fourth the commer cial article, which realized in the English market £8ii per ton for mixing with silk. The prepared sample greatly resembles silk in colour and texture. It is probable that the samples will shortly be exhibited in the Exchange. COTTON,-Some time ago the Melbourne A.rgus acknowledged the receipt of a sample of Sea Island cotton grown at Mango Island, one of the Fiji group, by Messrs. Ryder Brothers, and men tioning that account sales just received from England stated that cotton from the same planta tion realized 4s. Id. per lb. in the home market. A sample of this cotton was sent by Messrs. Wilson Brothers, Melbourne, to Mr. J. Knowles, of this city, and the latter gentleman having placed it at the disposal of the Chamber of Manufactures, an effort is being made to exhibit it with others at tbe Exchange. PRESENTATION.-The Committee of the Kapunda and Light Agricultural Society have presented the Hon. -Sec., Mr. Thomas Duel], with a handsome silver cup in recognition of his valued services at a critical time. The President, Mr. H. T. Morris, J.P., of Anlaby, handed the gift to the recipient at a social gathering lately held, when con gratulatory speeches were made by several pro minent residents. WALLAROO REGATTA.-A spirited endeavour is being made, as will be seen by the programme in ! our "business columns, to get up a thoroughly sue- j cessful regatta on New Year's Day on the splendid reach of water at Wallaroo Bay. For the opening race the first prize is £20, and there are others of tempting amounts which should induce not only Yorke's Peninsula, Diamond Liners' and copper ships' boats to enter, but amateur lovere of aquatics from this side. HOUSES IN THE STREETS.-On Monday a By-law was laid on the table of the City Council, providing that horses should be ridden or driven round the comers of all the streets in the dty at a walking pace. It has to be confirmed or negatived at a future meeting. GOOD CBUSHIKG KESULT.-A crushing of seven tons of cement on November 85 from Kotschke and Kelly's claim, at Goddard's Hill, Barossa Diggings, yielded a little orer five ounces of gold to tbe ton. About three pounds' weight in a!L We want a few more each bills opened. I ?AY ^ACTS-A meeting of the to a t0 provide a day's races on January 1 was held at the Globe on Saturday evening, nine t*ing presort. Ur. E. Ward stated bad collected SO guineas from influential gentlraien towards; getting up races oh NewYear'a %hehad the certainty of obtaining 20or £!?ar I?01T 3tion which he had received from Mr. E. M. Bagot he^thought they werein a SbS^%?8S» SsusuesioJSSi itera8.T* to;-a ?">' »oomSS KE£? He had alsoi«sreednot 10 I: avr ;i,, g ^ablisbment on the Friday and Satorday so that there should be no " ffensfre Sn the T},^w^red * bold a nS§5 and tL w mo r^Urse- 0,1 Kcw Year's Dig Mess^ P rSr; r ft°Zle,r and J- aodgkiEB, MPW b ^ /; Chambers, IV. K. Simms. M.±*., W. H. B!ack?er, and fcL C. Gleeaon^lin StewaX^The T T as 8uch' werelp^iSd stewards. The meeting expressed theirsMme of ^^paRa&stmas; ajeptebag, and . Ha5S" aS, iSSHS adopted. There was a propositioTfor a TrotH^ V*lf but "met with veryhttle favour. resolved that every subscriber of a guinea should f^e to the'ISbteni j every subscriber of two corneas to a tirta* admitting a lady and gentlema^ 1 SILVEB LEAD MIKING.-We have seen at the' office of Mr. Hamson, liegister- Chambere, several samples of silver lead ore from a FankaUlia pro petty, advertised in another column. More »""i one of the blocks is of very high percentage. Some fetter11 1311110 aPPeared in our Normanviile C"^ATI^G THE Daring the present Beasoa a fine vessel was advertised to carry pas sengers to London, and having obtained several a surgeon was considered indispensable though not eaiily procured. After a great amount of trouble however, the vessel was furnished with a son of jfcsculapius, and to all appearances the voyage had smoothly commenced, as the gallant ship was k^L?VC a4^® !}ar* wMn t-he maBter and doctor h?a<i wind blowing led to a temporary anchorage, during which some persons immediately l£e Pecua,arJr affairs of the surgeon found out his destination, obtained the necessary papers, with which a bailiff was deapatH 0a 8 ?f.e the doctor or eleven pounds J went as smoothly as possible, and the good-hearted master, actuated by a desire to do good to both, paid the claim, and reserved for his ship the services of the hunted M.D. On the bauifi landing it appears that the news of his success had been borne by the wings of Mercury w\eru s ^' time elapsed before another of his cloth hove m sight at the beach, armed rnth a demand for a mii',h larger amount than the former; but on the jetty there was a very well ?tuet; demure-looking r.kipper, who having some intarest in the vessel in the offing, had no desire to see her deprived of hsr surgeon: On being apprised of the bailiff's mission a sovereign wil ?Sfn ^ a £°?ub 10 thwart his mission. The wind tell very light as a swift boat passed the hrab of the law and ran alongside, but in an instant the surgeon was pitched into the bottom over the ml1?, fa?J!way while the b.iliff boarded on the other side. Ihe warraut was produced and the ship overhauled, every comer being keenly scrutinized by a constable. Bumble absolutely had the temerity to go aloft and see if the game was stowed m the bunt of the topsails. The faster boat made pretence of going on shore wnile the searching operation tvas . going on. ?J? va8i ®ooa af s!l? was distant enough to be lost in the gloom of evening sails were lowered and under a couple of muffled oars the craft quietly pulled almost back to the vessel under cover of the night The bailiff was non plussed, for no doctor could be found, and as the master issued oriiers to weigh anchor it was no use ~if father rummaging, so he left and returned unsuccessfully ashore, followed for a distance by his unsuspecting AjLL)., who was returned to the as the forestay sail paid her head round, and i!,0iur sj1® was heading away down the Gulf. Doubtless the doctor deserved his arrest, but owing to the delicate position of some of the passengers it was quite as well to let the vessel nave the beneht of services which would possibly have been utterly lost ashore. ^ J _FIBE AT \Yillaston. -The Bunyip says that on Wednesday evening the Willaston Hotel had a narrow escape from being burned down through the carelessness of a lodger. He had been reading in bed and had fallen asleep, leaving the candle burning, which ignited the curtains of the window and set fire to the washstand, burning the looking glass and scorching the woodwork of the window. No alarm was given, and nothing-was known of it till breakfast-time. The lodger declared he knew nothing of it until he awoke in the morning: but the candle was not burned out, and the general belief is that the fire must have been extinguished, otherwise the flames would not have stopped until the whole building was demolished. A book which had been left on the washstand adjoining the bed was burnt also: BALHANNAH SPECIMENS.-Within the last two or three days some beautiful specimens of gold have ^ been fou^d at the fialhannah Mine, in addition to a large number of rough nuggets obtained in the dressing. One stone when broken open was found to be full of gold, another shows the precious metal in so many places on its surface that it may almost be said to be coated with it. But the prettiest sample of all is a nugget of green carbonate of copper intermingled with gold. This combination is very rare, although a similar specimen was obtained at the Montacute some time ago. i.ich bismuth ore is still being obtained from the Balhannah. The lode is nearly four feet wide, and stuff is being freely broken from it. In some places ore approaching to pure metallic bismuth has been obtained. LECTURE Br THE Hon. W. Cavhjjagh. The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. Wentworth Cavcnagh, M.P.) gave a lecture in connection with Messrs. Nesbit & Drew's Educational Institu tion, Pennington-terrace. North Adelaide, on Monday evening, November 22. on " The Bise and Progress of British Eule in India." Owing no doubt to the extreme heat the attendance was somewhat smaller than had been anticipated. Mr. John Clark was voted to the chair. Mr. Cavenagh in the opening part of his paper re ferred to the memories of the past, the circum stances of tradition and hisiory, and tbe hallowed associations aroused by the mention of the word "India.'" The country was I.fOi) miles long by 1,500 broad, was very fertile, aud contained about lOP.OOO.OOJ of inhabitants. The natives Juried in co^ur, language, race, and re ligion; highly civilized, comparatively speakine. and when Britons were half - savage the former cultivated many of the arts of civilized society: but history recoidca that although they were advanced in the arts and sciences, and were moderately warlike, yet they were exposed to numerous invasions, which, in the course of tim& totally changed the rulers of the country, heir. rence was made to the invasions of SemiramuL Queen of Assyria, Darius the Persian, Alexander the Great, the Saracens, the Affghans, and the Tartars, who began the Mogul dynasty. Allusion was next made to the manners and customs of the Hindoos, their diversity of character, language, and religion, and to their history, which waa lost in the mists of antiquity. The curious anomaly of a nation thousands of miles distant, and hardly a fifth part as abundant, should be able to subdue and rule so large a country as India, peopled as it was by numerous warlike tribes, was explained by the fact that at the time of the occupation bv the British the country was disunited. The rivalry between tbe British and Portuguese to secure the trade of the Eari was followed by the forma tion in 1599 of the East India Company The capital « f the Company was at first limited to £30,000, which was to be emploved in fitting out three ships for the Indian trade, Queen JSlizabeth sanctioning the undertaking. The subsequent progress of the Company was then described with considerable minuteness; the salient points being the encroachments of the Association on the teni toriMof the nati ve sovereigns; the hostility between the English and French; the defeat of the latter and the rapid aggrandizement of the Company; the prowess of Lord Clive, and the prominent part he played in protecting the interests of the Kngl;Pfr and increasing their power, his ability gaiuin? for him the battle of Piassey and the Governor Generalship of India; the tragedy of the iiiack U ole of Calcutta, enacted by Surajali Dowlah, and die retribution paid eventually by most of those chiefly implicated; tbe appointment of Warren Hastings as successor of Clive to the Governor- Generalship India, and his public acts, which culminated in his impeachment by Burke in Westminster Hall- the administration of the Marquis of Cornwaflis'and the military services rendered iu India by Colonel Wellesley, afterwards the Duke of Wellington - the capture of Senncapatam by Sir David Baird 'and the consequent disruption of the power founded bv Hyder Ah, and confiaued by his son Tippoo Saib. who was killed during the assault Through the hour being somewhat advanced. Mr Cavenagh closed sooner than he intended The proceedings concluded witha vote of thanks to the lecturer and the Chairman. DKAWIKC3 BY BLACKS.-The Mount Gambier Standard has been shown a large number of very creditable pencil sketches made by a couple of blackfellows at present confined in Robe Gaol and adds. "It is a pity that these clever fellows are not m a position which would admit of their singular faculty for sketching being properly educated." THE Bivfr TKADE.-On November 18 there arrived at Blanchetown the Qaeen steamer, from the Darling, with 560 bales of wool; and on the 20th the steamer Ariel, from the Darling, with 503 bales and four casks tallow. The Ariel was in tow of the Bogan, she having received conside rable damage from a cut snag. The Bogan waa last from Echuca, to which port from the Murram bidgee she had taken np 1,300 bales wool-one of the best cargoes ever taken on the river at one time. Mr. W. B. BandelL her owner, draws a mostidamaging comparison between the facilities hfforded by the Victorian Government at the Kchuca Bailway Piers and every Government appliance m South Australia. He says that tbe -whole of hiscargo> of 1,300 bales wodf wasisken out of hts sMp and dispatched to Melbourne in 24 hours; and he. describes the scene as having been so novel and interesting, that he remained'the w°.°'e_d|y on the wharf enjoying the business activity, bustle, and animation around him. ROYAL AGRICULTURAL AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY,-The usual monthly Committee meeting of this Society was liild iu Register-Chambers on Friday, December 3. There were pro sent Messrs. J. Robertson (in tho chair), E. W. Andrews, E. M. Bagot, J. Cobbledtck, W. Ferguson, J. Frame, J. Gillard, T. Hardy, J. Harvey, 6. F. Ind, D. Lithgow," A. McKenzie, W. Murray, J. F. Pascoe, E. and _R. Smith, and tho Secretary (Mr. C. J. Coates). On the application of the Secretary a cheque for £50 was passed to clear off the outstanding balance of the October Show. A matter that was brought forward from last meeting was then gone into regarding a recommendation to grant a second prize for an exhibit of plants in pot and bloom, for which a special prizo of £2 2s. was presented by Lady Edith Fergusson, and taken by the Hon. J. Hodgkiss, M.L.C. It was remarked that the competition was very close. Tho meeting voted £1 as a second prize. Reference was then made to a letter sent by J. H. Angas, who complained that the prize awarded to him for the "best pen of 20 sheep" half-bred Lincoln ewes exhibited at the Show on October 1-1 had not been entered on the books. He stated that it was advertised in the prize-list, and the sheep having been also entered in another class as " fat, long-woolled ewes," he observed that he seemed to have been forgotten in the class, when wool and breeding also were taken into consideration. Resolved, that the writer be informed that the Judges had seen the sheep, but did not award a prize. E. Laughton complained that a pen of fat sheep exhibited by him at the late Show were not looked at by the Judges, on the ground that they were not in their wool. Decided that the prize-list should be more explicit. A letter was received at a former meeting from E. Laughton relative to a prize for five fat heifers, originally awarded him and afterwards rescinded. To be considered at next meeting. Mr. E. M. Bagot remarked that he was not present at the last meeting, - but he had seen from the report that his name was used by Mr. Laughton on that occasion in a way calculated to bring him into discredit. ; Since then he had received a half apologetic note from him, to the effect that the discussion was merely conversational, and should not have been reported. As Mr. Laughton was not present, he would reserve what he intended to say on the subject until next meeting. ; The Sub-Committee of the next February Show I brought up their prize list, which was adopted with several alterations. Before reading it the Secretary stated that a special prize was offered by the brewers of Adelaide and environs of £25 for the best sample of Chevalier barley fit for malting. W. K. Simms, M.P., had to furnish particulars, but he having been absent from the colony (returning the previous evening by the Coorong) the Secretary had had no opportunity of communicating with him. A special prize of £10 10s. was offered by His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, of which £5 5s. was passed by resolution at last meeting to be awarded to mutton hams. The balance of £5 5s. which had to be disposed of was given for preserved meats. A special prize of £25 was offered by Adelaide millers for wheat, parti culars of which had yet to be obtained. The Secretary, although not at liberty to mention names, intimated that he expected to receive a special prize of £10 10s. for the best assortment of jewellery. Mr. T. Hardy, on behalf of 10 winegrowers and liimsslf, offered a special prize of £7 10s. for the best machine for stalking and crushing grapes, capable of being worked by horse or steam power, bn condition that it was supplemented in an equal amount by the Society. The matter had been discussed at the previous meeting, when the terms of the offer were agreed to, but the question remitted to the meeting was whether the machine should be colonial made or imported. The point was settled in favour of native industry. Mr. J. Knowles likewise offered a special prize of £5 for the best white wine of a dry character, to be supplemented by £7 from the Society. Tho offer was accepted; two prizes to be given, £8 and £4 respectively. Mr. J. M. "VVendt placed two silver medals, valued at £3 each, at the disposal of the Socicty as special prizes. A Sub-Committee, consisting of Messrs. E. W. Andrews, W. Haekett, and J. F. Pascoe, was appointed to attend to the special prizes, and to pass the prize list for printing. Duruigtlie revision of the prize list a recommendation of the Wine Committee to add a wine cellar to the Exibition Building was discussed. After some conversation the matter was held over till next month. Several gentlemen mooted the question of the desirability of two days being devoted to the Show. Opinions pro and con. were expressed, the point being also postponed till next meeting. The Secretary, iu accordance with the resolu tion passed at the last meeting', reported that he could not find any record on the books as to the appropriation of the amount placed at the disposal of the Society to investigate the diseases in wheat. The former Secretary believed the amount was paid by orders on the Treasury. With regard to money received for admission to the lecture delivered by Dr. Muecke, the books recorded the amount of £1 12s. The matter was held over for next meeting. The Secretary reported that he convened a meeting of the Medal Committee, but there was no quorum in attendance. He said that full infor mation was now before the Committee, but medals could not be struck off to be available for the ensuing Show. It was stated that four gentlemen were on the Committee. Mr. Pascoe was elected a member of the Committee in place of Mr. R. D. Ross, owing to the absence of the latter from the colony. NEW BUILDING.-A suite of offices has been recently erected on the portion of Corporation Acre, between Tattersall's and Pirie - street Chapel grounds, for Mr. G. W. Cotton, lessee. The front of the building is in the Italian style .of architecture, and is well carried out in cement. The ground floor front is marked by bold pilasters at angles, supporting richly carved trusses under balcony ends, and by a recessed centre portion, enclosing the main entrance ?door and external entrance-doors to two front ?offices. The recess is flanked by a segmental headed window on each side, the impost*, arehi bolts, &c.;, of openings being enriched. A balcony on the level of first floor extends for the whole length of front, being ornamented and supported below by carved and fluted cantilevers, and surrounded by ornamental east-iron railing. On the first floor is a group of three windows, with enriched imposts, architraves, and cornice-the centre being a French casement to give access to balcony from front room. The angies are marked by rusticated quoins, and the front is surmounted by a modillion cornice and parapet. The ground floor is subdivided by a passage in the centre, having a suite of three offices on the east side (now occupied by the proprietor), and a suite of two offices on the west side, and ! also staircase leading to first floor. - The spandrils under stairs are utilized for strong- . rooms, &c.; On the first floor the front is j occupied by a board-room, extending for the : length of front by a depth of IS feet; the balcony is approachable from this apartment by a French casement window. In addition to board-room are three ordinary sets of offices. "The whole of the interior is well and sub stantially finished, besides having the requisites of water and gas laid on. Sheds, &c.;, have been erected at the rear of main building. The contractors for the building are Messrs. Crocker & Lawson, of Norwood; and the archi tects, Messrs. Garlick & McMinn. AUTOMATIC ADDRESS STAMPERS.-We have been shown by Messrs. Martin & Murch a specimen of a newly-invented address stamper, which is likely to become exceedingly popular in commercial circles. It consists of a small brass framework mounted on a wooden handle. Within the framework an oval die with the name and address in raised letters travels up and down by means of a spring, while a small pad within the frame supplies ink to the die. A pressure of the hand brings down the die, producing an impression, and as the stamp is raised from the paper the die returns auto matically to the paid, receives a fresh supply of irtVj and is ready for another impression. The instrument is perfectly simple, very moderate in price, and not likely to get out of order. WOODSIDE COURT.-A public meeting was held at the Woodside Inn, on November 29, to discuss what further steps should be taken for the retention of the Local Court. Mr. Thomas Inglis, Chairman of the District Council, pre sided. The Chairman expressed regret at having to call a meeting to consider such a subject as the closing of the Local Court, as it was the only one in the Electoral District of Onkapa ringa. Dr. Esau briefly referred to the recep tion of the deputation who waited on the Attorney-General to ur.^e upon the Government the necessity of keeping the Court open. In concluding the speaker regretted that steps had not been taken earlier to prevent, if possible, the closing. Mr. Lorimer proposed, and Mr. Patten seconded, that the gentlemen who formed the deputation be appointed a Committee, with power to add to their number, to take such steps as they may deem necessary for the reten tion of the Court. Messrs. T. Inglis, A. Lorimer, C. - Neuman, and J. F. C. Lauterbaeh were appointed to act with the former deputation as a Committee to draft a memorial, and report to another meeting to be held shortly. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN CRICKET CLUB.-On Wed nesday, December 15, the South Australian Cricket Club intend giving an amateur perform- ! ance at the Theatre Royal in aid of a fund for properly making the Central Cricket Ground. I 5%e pieces are " Whitebait at Greenwich" and I -"Turn TTinn Out," and all the characters are to ] be sustained by members of the Club. There j will also be a musical interlude. j DROWNED.-Mr. E. S. Kelly, J.P., of'Mod bvuy, hold an.inquest on the body of a child i who was drowned in the open-air baptistry at Teat roe Gully, through some one unknown having removed the covering, so that there was about the space of a foot where the little girl (18 months old) fell through,. Mr._ William Haines was Foreman, and after a long investiga tion the following verdict was found:-"That. C. Z. Fock accidentally came to her death by filing into the baptistry, through some one unknown removing the covering off the same." NORTHERN WEATHER.-Private advices from Cniberatana, dated November 26, state that it set in to rain there on Saturday morning, the 20th, and continued with intermissions till Tuesday; but the rain was so fine and drizzling that it did not make the creeks run. Our Blinman correspondent writes on November 29: . "On the evening of "Monday, the 22nd inst., j a thunderstorm passed over here. The rain that fell just about Blinman was inconsiderable, but a few miles west and south it appears that the creeks were set running." From Port Augusta, on 29th November, our letter says:-" We have had stormy wintry weather-quite unseasonable -with occasional showers of rain in the squalls, and then a cloud of dust or sand. It would take an immense quantity of rain to keep the dust from rising here. Wc are not short of rain water, as the claypans are full even in the township." FLOOD AT LAKE HOPE.-We have been favoured with the following extract from a private letter:-"Lake Hope, November 23. We had a beautiful flood of rain here, which has flooded the creeks bank high. It is the I heaviest rain I have seen here for years. I T.u-n QuKSTiOX.-The Chairmen of the Dis trict Councils of Bremer and Onaunga, it will I be seen, have convened a meeting, the object of I which, as stated by them, is to consider "The I present unsatisfactory state of the land system, j REPORTED GOLD DISCOVERT.-On Wednesday several small specimens of gold were exhibited in Adelaide, said to have been washed out of alluvial soil, at the back of Mount Lofty, at the I rate of about 3 grains to two dislifuls. We have not heard particulars as to the precise locality of the tuvv find. j ACCIDENT TO THE HON. J- DUNN.-On W ed nesday morning an accident occurred to the I Hon. J. Dunn on the Mount Barker line. He was quietly driving along the old road _ forming 1 the Devil's Elbow, when on emerging from I under the bridge he was met by Captain Boyle, j who was driving towards town at a_ moderately j rapid pace. Owing* to tlie turn 111 llie road J neither driver was aware of the other s presence I until the vehicles were close upon each other. I Mr. Dunn's horse shied, and the wheel of the I buggy passing over some stones the hon. gentle-1 man was thrown out on his head. The horse j bolted up the hill, and damaged the trap, but was recovered before he had proceeded far. The I hon*gentleman, who received no injury of con- I sequence, continued his journey towards Mount I Barker. I PRIVATE MATCH.-Mr. S. Christopher informs us that he has received forfeit from the owner I of Curlew, in the match between that horse and I Stringybark, which was to have come off this I afternoon. ACCIDENT.-On Sunday, November 28, a man j named John Moore was riding a young colt near J Langhorne's Creek, when it took fright and I plunged, throwing its rider onto a heap of stones. A simple fracture of the right thigh I was sustained. Dr. Blue set the limb, and on j Monday the sufferer was conveyed to the Hospital, where he is now progressing- favour ably. We learn that Moore was one of the crew t of the Gulnare, and had just returned from the Northern Territory. He was on his way to Mount Gambier, and was leaving Sir. J. Birrell's I on Lake Plains. | STANLEY.-The Returning Officer, Mr. T. W. I Powell, and Revising Officer, Mr. C. Mann, J held a Revision Court on November 25, at the j Clare Coort-House. Subjoined are tlie figures: | -Legislative Council-Number previously on I roll, 1,617; struck off as dead, 4; added, 46; j present number, 1,663. House of Assembly | Number previously on roll, 2,368; struck off as I dead, 6; added, 42; present number, 2,410. j THE HON. J. HODGKISS. - The Hon. John I HodgkLss, under the skilful treatment of his J medical attendants, Drs. Wheeler and Camp- I bell, has so far recovered as to be considered out | of danger. I NARROW ESCAPE.-On Saturday night a sea- j man belonging to the St. Vincent, in attempting 1 to go on board that vessel whilst in a state of I intoxication,- fell between the ship and the I wharf, but was rescued from his perilous posi- j tion at some risk by the prompt efforts of j Constable Burchell, who was on duty in the | neighbourhood. 1 MOUNT BARKER STOCK SALE.-Messrs. Cor- j nelius & Stone's monthly sale on November 27 J was well attended. Between 2,000 and 3,000 j fat and store sheep, and over 300 head fat aud j store cattle, were yarded, besides horses, &c.; | The prices realized were:-Fat bullocks, from 1 £6 12s. 6d. upwards; cows, £4 17s. 6d. upwards; j store cattle, £1 15s. to £2 15s.; fat sheep, 5s.; J lambs. 3s. Id.; store sheep, Is. 9d.; horses, 19s. j to £S; milking" cows, £0. I THE REPRESENTATION OP WEST TORRENS.- I On Tuesday, in the Assembly, the debate upon I the motion for granting leave of absence to Mr. I Bean, M.P., for the rest of the session was ad- j journed for a week on the representation of Sir. | J. Fisher, M.P., that he had received a request I from several influential residents in the District I of West Torrens to have the vote delayed to give the electors an opportunity of meeting to ] discuss the question. By an accident, reference j to this subject was omitted in our Parliamentary j report. j REAL PROPERTY ACT.-During November,] 1869\. the fees of office were £402 14s., and the I property brought under Torrens's Act was I valued at £20,380, the figures for the same j month last year being £368 Os. 8d. and £42,426 j respectively. In transactions the chief increases I were:-Applications, 50 against 42; transfers, j 113 in place of 111; mortgages, 116 compared j with 109; transfers of mortgages, 32 instead of j five; and discharges, 60 in lieu of 49. The only | decrease of consequence was - Leases, 13, I whereas the same month last year the figure j was 28. j VITAL STATISTICS.-The number of births j and deaths registered in the district of Adelaide I during the week ended Saturday, the 27th of J November, were:-Births-21 males, 28 females; deaths-15 males, 14 females. Total, 49 births; 29 deaths. Excess of births, 20. I MORPHETT VALE LOCAL COURT.-On Wednes day, December 1, Dr. Maurau, Messrs.. Oarmiehael, and S. and C. Myles waited on the Attorney-General, introduced by _ Mr. J. Carr, I M.P., and presented a memorial signed by over I 500 persons, in which the following words j occur: - And we pray your Honourable Council will reconsider your decision in this I matter, and respectfully suggest to you not to j close the Local Court at Morphett Vale, but (if. j if be absolutely necessary) to leave the new Court at Clarendon in abeyance until such tizrite j as the financial position of the Government may j warrant its resumption." Dr. Maurau spoke at 1 some length, urging that although Clarendon I was the geographical centre of the district, ( Morphett Vale was the centre of the principal part of the population, and .quoted statistics in proof of this view. After some remarks from the other members of the deputation, the Attorney-General said that although matters had been to some extent decided by the vote of the House on the Estimates, yet ^ the prayer of the memorialists should be laid before the Governor in Council, and have due considera tion. As, however, Clarendon was the more central, he could make no promise to effect a change in the arrangements. The deputation then urged the desirability of keeping both Courts open, and referred to the Goolwa and Port Elliot Local Courts being retained with only one Clerk. The Attorney- General inti mated that such a proceeding would '>e illegal, and would also necessitate a change in the Local Courts Act, which he could notpromiso to intro duce at this late period of the session. Mr. Carr, M.P., suggested that some alterations might be made during the recess, so as to open various Courts for public convenience without much increase of cost. The Attorney-General again said that the matter should be laid before the Executive. The deputation then thanked the Attorney-General, and withdrew. CIVIL SERVICE CLUB.-'The usual anniversary dinner was held on Tuesday evening at the new Club House, King William-street. His Excel lency the Governor, the Patron of the Club, was present on the occasion. THE SOUTH - EASTERN MAIL.-The South Eastern mail, which ought to have arrived on Wednesday evening, did not reach its destina tion till 3 o'clock on Thursday morning, in con sequence of its having been detained at Penola for the mail from Melbourne. DARUNG RISING AT BOURKE.-There have been heavy rains about Bourke, and when the mail reached Wilcannia the news was received there that a three feet rise was coming down the river. At Wilcannia before this the river ^ had risen a foot. j DIBTRICTOF VICTORIA. -TheReturning Officer, Mr OB. Scott, S.M., and Mr. W. P. Walker, Revising Officer, held a Revision Court on the 27th November at Robe Court-House. Sub- | ioined are the figuresNumber previously on Legislative Council roll, 997; added, 8; present number, 1,005. Number previously on House of Assembly roll, 2,089: added, 70; present number, 2,159. SPLENDID CHASGH IN THE DABIJNG WEATHER. -Our Wilcannia letter of -November 25 says: " The weather on the Darling up to Saturday* November 20, had been fearfully hot and oppressive-the thermometer often as high as 114° in the shade, and the nights almost as hot as the days; everything parched and dried up, and both animal and vegetable life gasping to retain vitality in this arid country. Our "suffer ings for a time were terminated on the morning of the 20th. by about eight hours' of delightful j and welcome rain, which soaked well into the ; baked and burning soil, filled up the waterholes and claypans, and set "the creeks running. Ou Sunday and Monday we had some showers, and the weather kept cold and cloudy. On Tuesday we had one of the heaviest thunderstorms, for about an hour, that I have seen on the Darling during six years, for in less than an horn- after wards the river had risen nearly a foot, and if it lias rained in the Upper River in proportion I have some hopes of a rise sufficient to bring the Kennedy and Moolgewanke down, and enable the considerable quantity of wool now locked up here to reach a market. Bain on the Darling at this season will be of incalculable benefit to our squatters, many of whose runs were getting very destitute of water and feed for their stock." THE GULNARE, FOR PORT DARWIN.-The Gulnare left the wharf shortly before 5 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, in tow of the Young Australian. The President of the Marine Board accompanied her to the anchorage. In conse quence of the late retrenchment policy the Harbour-Master superseded the pilot, and con ducted the vessel to the roadstead, where an additional mail was shipped shortly after the 6 o'clock train, and the schooner immediately started. LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY*.-A sale of useful and fancy articles in connection with the North Adelaide Juvenile Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society was held in the Temperance Hall, Tyute-street, North Adelaide, on Thurs day, December 2. Through the weather being fine the attendance was very good, numbering during- the afternoon and evening between 200 and 300 visitors. The goods were tastefully displayed at stalls ranged round the interior in the form of a horseshoe. The articles were contributed by the members of the Society and their friends, and comprised a multifarious assortment of wares, combining the useful with the ornamental. One of the chief features of the exhibition was a well-lined Christmas tree, presided over by Miss Warren. The various stalls were under the management of the Misses L. Newman, A. Beaney, Ragless, S. Phillips, Kekwick, G-. Kekwick, Mathews, and E. Harcus. The diminution of the display at the close in dicated that the proceeds must have been satisfactory. The Association, we understand, is composed wholly of the children belonging to the North Adelaide Congregational Church Sunday- school, numbering nearly 400, and the President is Mr. F. P. Basey. This is the first public demonstration by which they have appealed for support in their laudable under taking. The sale will be continued this after noon, aud in the evening music and recitations will lend additional attractiveness to the occasion. VELOCIPEDES TOR POLICE.-From Salisbury our correspondent writes that the proposal to withdraw the trooper stationed there is much objected to, and that a foot policeman in so wide-spread a district would, unless supplied with a velocipede, be useless. NORTHERN TERRITORYTROOFHRS.-The police troopers whose names have already appeared left Adelaide on Thursday by the 1.40 p.m. train, to go on board the Gulnare for Port Darwin. FLAX MACHINERY.-The Willunga Flax Com pany announce that their, factory will be opened jn December 9. CATTLE MOBS.-Several mobs of fat cattle passed through Wilcannia last week from the up country-Drynon's, from the Wilson; Hood and Torrance's, from the Paroo; and a splendid lot of fat cows and bullocks from the Mount Murchison Station. On November 24, a lot of nearly 400 prime heavy bullocks, from, the Thompson, passed, and, considering tlie distance they have travelled, they are in splendid condition. They were intended for the Melbourne markets. A small lot is also close to Wilcannia from Sadlier and Brook's Station, on the Paroo. THE SPEAKER'S DINNER.-The usual dinner given by the Speaker to members of the Assembly took place on Thursday evening. This event is usually considered a prelude to the end of the session; but it is impossible to assign to it tjiat position this year. ILLEGAL MARRIAGE.-A question of vital im portance to the parties interested and to the public at large was brought up in the Supreme Court on Thursday, December 2, in the case of the Queen v. Donald Morrison, who was indicted under the 39th section of Act No. 15 of 1867 for having knowingly and wilfully procured the marriage of himself and one Frances Louisa Larkin by the Rev William Richards, Wesleyan minister of Port Lincoln, by making a false declaration that his intended bride was 21 years of age, whereas in evidence it was proved she was but 18. This, under the section referred to, rendered the defendant liable to "suffer the penalty of perjury;" but before the Crown had concluded their case it broke down on an ob jection raised by the defendant's counsel, Mr. Ingleby, that the rev. gentleman who had solemnized the marriage between the parties was not a minister duly authorized to perform the same. The 12th clause of the Marriage Act provides that a list containing the names of all officiating ministers who have duly entered their names on the roll, kept by the Registrar-General for that purpose, shall be published in the Government Gazette, which shall be considered conclusive evidence of their being duly authorized; and the 15th section enacts that only officiating ministers and officiating registrars, duly enrolled, may cele brate marriages in the province. In order to prove Mr. Richards's appointment as an offi ciating minister the roll was produced; but this, instead of containing a signature which he would acknowledge as Ins, bore that of another minister with precisely the same Christian aud surname, and which he would not swear to. The prosecution contended that this was made evidence by the list in the Gazette, winch had the name of W. Richards" included in it; but on Mr. Ingleby objecting that the consonant " W." was not a name, this was upheld by the Court, and the defendant was acquitted. The result of this neglect in not seeing that Mr. Richards's name was placed on the roll conse quently disqualifies him from solemnizing marriages, and renders those which he has per formed illegal. It is not to be imagined for a moment that either the stubborn parent who would not consent to the union or the young couple themselves have contemplated such a serious result; but it is not only unfortunate for them, but also for auy others for whom the unauthorized Mr. Richards may have tied the matrimonial knot. BUNCTAREE NOTES.-From the Clare paper the annexed is extracted:-" Shearing has concluded at Bungaree, upwards of 100.000 sheep having been shorn there. Considerable improvements have been effected this season in the interior arrangements of the shed, the pressing and storing department having been much enlarged; and through the new device of having an open passage running the entire length of the build ing between the catching pens, all inconvenience arising from delay in tilling up vrith sheep has been avoided. Boiling-down will shortly be commenced. An improved method for sheep washing, through the aid of a powerful engine and pump, is under course of erection, and a fellmonger is kept constantly employed taking wool from skins, washing locks, pieces, &c.; The feed is scarcer than it has been known for years, especially towards the Anama District; and at the Black Point and I Hummocks Stations things wear a very gloomy aspect, and it is hardly to be expected that the late copious rains will have the desired effect of producing much grass, owing to their late arrival. The crops round about the Magpie Creek are but very indifferent-in fact, all upon the plains are below their usual average con dition ; but those in the ViiHs look more pro mising. The grasshoppers, also, have been aiding the early dryness of the season by coming in innumerable numbers and devouring every little green patch. A Mutual Benefit Society has been inaugurated at Bungaree, its weekly meeting being held in the large schoolroom. It is intended to be available to those employed on the station and others in the neighbourhood. Other stations would do well to copy this, as such institutions are much calculated to enhance the moral and intellectual improvement of the em ployed in the bush." SURGEON OF THE WALLAROO MINES.- We have received from the Miners' Committee, who are advertising in the Register for a duly-qualified medical practitioner to till a vacancy at the Wallaroo Mines, a letter conveying various par ticulars as to the duties and the present and prospective income. There is little doubt but that several thoroughly efficient surgeons will ' apply, and we shall be happy to show the j documents to intending candidates upon their calling at our office. Meantime, we may state I that, as was done at Moonta, the Directors have | entrusted the men with the selection of a mine ' surgeon, subject to approval, and the vacancy is caused by the resignation of Dr. Chambers, his colleague, Dr. Croft, remaining. RAILWAY TRAFFIC.-The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended No vember 27 was:-Port Line-Passengers, 4,982: fares, £224 15s. 6d.; goods, £72 7s. 4d. North line-Passengers, 1,495; fares, £335 12s. 5d.; goods, £534 13a. 8d. Total, £1,167 Ss. lOd. THE.-BOBHBJLKGEBS--The troopers-out softer t)n» bushrangers Baker, andBertramre turned unsuccessful from Cobham Lake to Witcanma. They tracked, and- followed them beyond, the Depot Glen, in the Grey Ranges* close on to the Queensland boundary, but had there to give up in consequence of the knocking up of their horses from fatigue and want of water. Altiiougli unsuccessful, great credit is due1 toConstables Bailev and Arthur for their determined efforts ? to overtake them if possible. One day's stage ridden was over 120 miles. Should they push into Queensland there. is some hope of the police there falling in. with them; but some have the impression that they will take Sturt's track of 1845 on to the Strzelecki Creek to Lake Gregory, and for a time hang about in the Far , North of South Australia, for it is said Baker knows that part of the country well. The reward of £50 offered for their capture it is hoped will cause the South Australian police in the North to look out for such desperate characters. ' HEAVY HAT CHOP.-Our report from Mount Barker states that on some manured lands there four tons of hay per acre lias been obtained this season, and that, as a whole, the crop is abun dant. INQUEST AT NARRACOORTE.-An inquest was held on the morning of November 29 on the body of Benjamin "Warren by Mr. Hinckley, J.P., with Mr. James Affleck as foreman. John Field, police-corporal, deposed - Yesterday morning so *n after 7, Mr. Alexander McKenzie reported that Benjamin Warren was lying dead on the side of the Penola-road, three miles and a half from Narracoorte. Procured a horse and cart, and proceeded at once to the spot. Found the body as described by McKenzie-the face in a pool of blood, the arms and legs extended. Could perceive no indication of a struggle on the ground. Turned the body, and recognised it as that of Benjamin Warren. The nose was flat tened down. Could see no external marks on the face in consequence of the quantity of blood oozing from the nose, mouth, and ears. The clothes were not disarranged, with the exception of the flap of his trousers being unbuttoned. There were no tracks to indicate that his horse had shied. Found his hat four or five yards off. Brought the body into the township.^ Searched his pockets and found a purse containing 9s. in silver, a silver watch and chain, and a few- small articles. Called in Dr. Penny to examine the body, which was quite cold and stiff when found. It was about half-past 8 a.m. when he arrived at the place where the body was. Hugh Longmore said-Saw Warren last on Saturday a little before dinner time, and again at about half-past 6 p.m. He had a cup of tea with me, after which he started home to Mr. Robertson's station on horseback.^ Went with him from friendship about two miles and a >^lf at a walking -pace. He appeared quite ! capable of t-aV-ino- care of himself. He had had something to drink, but did not appear to have had too much. Upon leaving advised him to be careful of the mare he was riding, for she was in the habit of shying, and he said, " Never, fear." Was with Field on the following ? morning, when be found the body a quarter of a mile from Gallocher's, about 200 yards off the road. Had known him for four years; he was my fellow-servant. No person could travel the road by daylight without seeing the body. . Warren and I stopped at Holmes's on our way out of the township on Saturday night, '? Had a glass of wine there; but don't know ; whether he had one or not. Edwin Stone, employed at Mr. Robertson's, at Robertson's Plains, deposed-Yesterday morning about sun rise a man who stated he was a servant of Mr. Grieve's, at Narracoorte, told me there was a man lying dead on the road about five miles from the station. Upon his describing the body guessed it to be Warren's, and he said it was. Found the body about seven miles from the station and three from Narracoorte. Mr. Robertson on being told sent him on horseback for the police. Donald McBain, cousin of de ceased, said Warren was about 50, single, and a native of Invernesssliire. He bad a brother, a farmer, near Laughorne's Creek. Robert Banks Penny, qualified medical practitioner, deposed that the face was covered with blood, with a bruise on the right side and some abrasion of the skin. There were the remains of a coagulum of arterial blood in the nostrils, and dark venous blood dripping from the ears. The bones of the face were not broken. Examined the extremities. There were no fractures. He died from hemorr hage, resulting from the rupture of the large vessels at the base of the brain. Noticed mud on his shoulder and sand in one eye, and a de pression in the centre of the face. Squeezed his stomach and smelled his breath, but could dis cover no alcoholic smell. Think his death was caused by a fall from his horse, and resulted in about 10 minutes after receiving the injury. Corporal Field explained that the man who ound the body, was at Mount Gambier; that yesterday being Sunday he had been unable to telegraph , for him, and therefore his evidence could not be taken without an adjournment. His Worship censured Bodey for not returning such a short distance as three miles to report the discovery to the police; and read the clause in the Act, showing that he had rendered him self liable to a penalty of £10. The Jury's ver dict was-"That the deceased, Benjamin Warren, was found dead, having apparently been thrown from his horse while riding home wards." - SCOURED WOOL.-We have received from Messrs. Chesterman, per favour of Captain Walker, of the Prince Alfred Bteamer, a sample of scoured ewe's wool, from sheep belonging to., the Hon. J. Crozier. It is an excellent sample, the staple being long and firm, and the wool itself beautifully soft and elastic. In preparing it neither soap nor soda has been employed, which will explain sufficiently its freedom from the harsh crisp feeling which the plentiful use of the latter ingredient produces. FATAL ACCIDENT,-The name of the person who was recently killed at Lake St. Clair, near Robe, should have been given as John Patrick Pyne, not Daniel Pine. THE LATE MAYOR OF PORT ADELAIDE.-A movement is in progress in the Port for a dinner to Mr. J. M. Sinclair, who has occupied the position of Mayor of that Corporation for the past three years. Several of the most influential ratepayers are taking an active part in the movement, which appears likely to be heartily responded to. FALSE CHARGE.-At the Supreme Court on Tuesday John Huffer, who was convicted of embezzlement, gave as his reason for suddenly leaving his master's service that he discovered that it was Mr. Dunstan's practice to " hollow" his loads of wood, so as to make 7 cwt. look like 14, and his sensitiveness doubtless would not allow liim to connive at such a practice. His Honor, in passing sentence, remarked that the prisoner " had not commended himself to him by the defence he had set up, and to be satis ed that it was correct he should require a ittle stronger testimony. If it was true he might have discharged his duty to the public a little earlier. He then sentenced him to six calendar months with hard labour." Few if any *"01 require to be told that there is not the ghost of any evidence in support of Buffer's slanderous statement, and a testimonial to Mr. Dunstan's integrity, given in another column, signed among others by some who have dealt with him from eight to 10 years, effectually demolishes the foul insinuation. THE POLICE FORCE.-On November 30th the services of 11 members of the Mounted Police, and of the same number of the Metropolitan Police, were dispensed with, under instructions from the Government and in anticipation of the contemplated reduction in the force. Two of the retrenched troopers have been sent to the Northern Territory. The names of the police officers affected by the Government economy are as under:-Mounted Police-Donald E. Moller, Geo. Lawson George, Daniel Cox, Robert Molloy, Thomas Gilpin, Geo. Philpot Morris, George Orr, John Mason (Northern Territory), John Brockmeyer, Wm. Henry Ward, Heniy John Boord (Northern Territory). Metropolitan Police-George Jones, Thos. Wm Dyke, James Smullen, Charles De Laine, William Stewart, James Daymond, David Funston, Thos. Gunn, Martin Harraghey, James Raff, James BelL ROMAN CATHOLIC BAZAAR.-The following sums have been handed in by the ladies who presided over the various tables at the late Bazaar in the Town Hall in aid of St. Laurence's Church, North Adelaide:-No. 1, Mrs. Butler, £256 Is.; No. 2, Mrs. Delany, £147 7s. 10<L; No. 3, Miss Meam, £116 15s.; No. 4, Mrs. Fitzgerald, £16414s. 6d.; No. 5, Miss Elwood, £119 15s. 9d.; No. 6, Mrs. Claude, £114 4s. 9d.; Mrs. Schmid, refreshments, £25 5s.; taken at door, £75 3s. 8d.-total, £1,019 7s. 6d. Goods valued at £600 are still on. hand, and will probably be disposed of early next year. MOURNFUL.-The following wail comes from the flats of the Finniss, with the earnest entreaty that we will give it voice:-" On Sunday last a cow belonging to Mr. Black, of the Black Swamp, Finniss, managed unfortunately to get bogged in the morass. Mr. Black being from home his wife sent her little daughter to the nearest neighbour's, Mr. Gilbert's, a distance of little more than a mile and a half, for ropes and assistance. After half an hour's detention the messenger returned with a few ropes which Mr. Gilbert very kindly gave her; but notwithstand ing that his two sons were at home, and their cognizance of Mr. Black's absence, no assistance was offered. As a result the poor cow was obliged to retain its inconvenient position for some time-in short, till the return of Mr. Black when he, aided by his wife and little boy of 10 years, succeeded in rescuing the unfortunate pnimal- The cow, which it seems Mr. Black purchased about two weeks previously from Mr. Gilbert, had been in the swamp four hours, and through the injuries then received has since died." I MOCST LOFTY GOLD DISCOYEBY.-We are in i receipt of the following for publication:-" A j party of gentlemen visited thin discovery 011! : December 2. After a pleasant drive of 11 miles from Adelaide, by way of Burnside and tlie Greenhill-road, they reached the spot, and , "were highly pleased with the prospect. At j present working is confined to alluvial digging, I and several experienced diggers have expressed ? an opinion that the locality resembles some of ; the rich places first opened at Bendigo. The j depth of the sinking is about nine feet, and the j washing stuff is five feet thick. Two dishes | were washed, and produced about 3 dwts.. ! of rough gold. The present proprietors have : secured a large tract of country, and from their long experience in gold mining, when the proper appliances for washing on a large scale are on the ground, I have no doubt they will j be able to convince the community that gold mining ere long in South Australia will be found a profitable and safe investment." 1 THE NORTHERN TEBBITOHY.-The Govern ' ment have accepted Captain Simpson's offer of the Black Diamond Liner Kohinoor, 260 tons, Bicknell, master, for the service of the Northern j Territory. She will be ready to proceed to the I Territory in the course of -the week after nest, or within a fortnight. The lay-days, we believe, number from 30 to 40, to be taken advantage of either here or at Port Darwin, as the Govern- . " ment see fit. It is intended that Dr. Millner, another officer not yet appointed, and Sub Police Inspector Foelsche shall, go by the Kohinoor. It has npt yet been decided what cargo is to be sent to the Territory, but the vessel is to bring back to Adelaide all the members of the party in excess of the forty-five that are to remain to form the initial estab lishment at the seat of our Northern Govern ment. BENEVOLENT AND STRANGERS' FRIEND SOCIETY.--The monthly meeting of the Com mittee of the Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society was held at the Church Office on Wednesday afternoon; Sir. Thomas Neill in the chair. The Treasurer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £9 19s. 3d. Several cases of distress were brought forward by the Secretary <Mr. F. Wicksteed) and the members of the Committee, and after having been investigated, £5 5s. was voted to relieve ten of them. Each member of the Committee was empowered to draw to the extent of £1 ? during the ensuing month in cases of emergency, i SCOTCH AND VARIEGATED THISTLES.-The recent reports of District Council meetings bristle with fierce resolutions to eradicate this rapidly spreading and troublesome enemy to the agriculturists. From the general notice taken by the Councils it would appeal' that the thistles abound from Port Elliot to Clare, and i we are informed that in the Hundreds of Kan mantoo, Tungkillo, and North and South Rhine the pest is spreading to an alarming extent. Already in some places it would cost more money to eradicate the weed than the land producing them is worth. Many parts of the Crown lands and reserves also abound in thistles. Where such is the case it is manifestly desirable that Councillors and other settlers should at once apprise the Commissioner of Crown Lands, requiring their destruction. It is to be hoped that ratepayers interested will respond to the recent appeals made on this subject, and. where they do not that the Councils will promptly exercise the ample powers specially vested in them by the Act of Parliament passed " for preventing the further spread of the Scotch and variegated thistles." ACCIDENT IN HUNTING. - Mr. Prior, of Marrabel, met with a very serious accident the other day. With two or three others he was in search of horses, when suddenly they came upon a large flock of kangaroos. The chase was a temptation too great to resist, and in the heat Mr. Prior's horse crossed one of the others. A collision ensued, and he was thrown with great violence to the ground, causing concussion of the brain. He was insensible for two days, and Dr. Blood, who has been in attendance, when we lieard had little hope of his recovery. ADELAIDE AMATEUR DRAMATIC CLUB. -A performance in aid of the funds of the South Australian Cricket Club was given in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Wednesday evening, 1st December, by the members of the Adelaide Amateur Dramatic Club. There was a fair attendance. The performance consisted of an original two act drama entitled "The End of the Tether," and was followed by a musical interlude con sisting of several songs by gentleman amateurs, the best of which were " The Sailor's Grave," by Mr. A. Wyly; and " The Bashful Man," by Air. P. Campbell. The latter gentleman ably pre sided at the pianoforte during the evening. The remainder of the programme consisted of the laughable afterpiece "Tweedleton's Tail Coat," the performers in this appearing to much greater advantage than in the first piece, in which their memory at times proved rather defective, causing the piece to fail rather flat. The pro gramme, however, on the whole, was tolerably successful, and, it being the first appearance of Club, we refrain from too severely criticising their maiden efforts. The programme was brought to a close about 10 o'clock. SOUTH RHINE GOLD MINING COMPANY.-A meeting of this Company was held at the office, No. 49, King William-street, on Tuesday, No vember 30. There were seven shareholders present, and Mr. H. C. Gleeson presided. It was resolved that the Company should be re gistered under the Companies Act; and the articles of association having been adopted, the meeting closed. WOOLLEN MANUFACTURES.-It will now be seen that the Chamlier of Manufactures have arranged for the continuance of the discussion initiated by Mr. Glyde, with special reference to the local manufacture of tweeds, &c.; The same gentleman will introduce the subject and preside as on the first occasion. MOUNT LYNDHUBST AND BURR MINING ASSO CIATION.-At a meeting of the shareholders of this Association, held on Wednesday afternoon at the White Horse Inn, Currie-street, Mr. G. Stevenson attended and read the articles of Association, which were adopted. It was stated that an agreement for cartage of ores and stores to and from Port Augusta, a distance of about 150 miles, to the mine had been made, and that a quantity of stores and provisions had been sent out. A certificate from Mr. Bevan was produced, showing 72 per cent, as the result of his assay of the ore from the mine. ENTERTAINMENT.-A literary and musical en tertainment in aid of the Sabbatli- School Library in connection with St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street, was given in White's Rooms on Tuesday evening, November 30. There was a crowded attendance, Mr. S. Tom kinson presiding. Captain Louttit repeated his reading of " Enoch Arden," with which he familiarized an Adelaide audience on the arrival of the St. Vincent from England about the beginning of the present year. The reading was iSustrated by the principal and most striking scenes in this touching production of the Poet Laureate being depicted by numerous excellent dissolving views. The story was read as an appreciative admirer of England's greatest living poet would be expected to read it, and was listened to throughout most attentively. The musical pieces were given at intervals in the reading; but if it could have been so arranged we have no doubt the audience would have preferred the two parts of the enter tainment being kept distinct from each other. The Chairman apologized for the lights being turned off during the evening, stating that it had been rendered necessary by the nature of the apparatus for showing the views. The vo calists were Misses G. Scriven, E. Winter, and Nimmo; and Messrs. Hallack, W. Wyley, W. S. Dyer, and A. P. Wyley, all of whom ac quitted themselves admirably, several encores testifying the satisfaction of the audience. On the motion of Sir. C. S. Hare, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Captain Louttit; and the proceedings closed at nearly half-past 10 o'clock with the National Anthem. 