HOW MARK TWAIN WAS SOLD IN NEWARK'. The Newark Press contains the following oxm position of what "Mark Twain" terms "A Wicked Fraud," perpetrated on him during his recent visit to that city : — It is seldom pleasant to tell oh oneself, but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession. I wish to un burden my mind now, and yet I almost believe that I am moved to do it more because I long to bring censure upon another man than because X desire to pour halm upon my wounded heart, ll dpn't-know what balm is, but 1 believe it is the correct expression to use in this connection — never having seen nhy balm.) You may remember that I lectured in Newark lately for the young gentlemen of'the Clayohian society ? I did at any rate. Dar ing the afternoon of that day I was talking with one of the y oung gentlemen just referred to, and he said he had an uucle who, from some cauBe or other, seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all emotion.. And with tears in his eyes this yonng man said : " Oh, if I could only see him laugh once more,!- Oh, if ( could only sea him weep !" I was touched. . I could never withstand distress. Isaid: " Bring him to my lecture. I'll start him for you." » Oh.if I oould but do it ! If you could but do it, all our family would b'ess you for evermore — for he is so very dear to us. Oh, my benefactor, can you make him laugh ? can j'oti bring soothing tears to these parched orbs ?" X was profoundly moved. I said : "My sou, bring tho old party around. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there is any laugh in him f and if they Yhiss'fire, I have got others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other." Then the young maif blessed me, and wept oh my neck, and blew His nosh on my coat tnil, and went after his unole. He'plqoed him in full view, in the second row of benches that night, and I began on him. I tried Kirn with'mild jokes, and then with severe ones; 1 dosed him with bad jokes and riddled him with gohdones j" I fired old stalo jokes at him, and peppered him fore and aft with red-hot new oues , I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on tlje right and left, in front and behind ; I fumed and swpated and charged and routed till T was hoarse and' sick, and frantic and fnrous ; but I never movejtlhim oube— I never started a smile or a tear ! NeVer_a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture ! I was astounded. I closed the lecture atlast/.witlione despairing shriek— with one wild burst pf htimour, and burled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him I Then I sat down bewildered and jaxliaustcd. The president of the society came , up'hrid1 bathed my head with oold water, and said : "..What made you carry on so towards the last J" LeaidT was trying to make that confounded old fool laugh in the second row. And he said: "Well you were wasting your time, because ho is deaf and dumb, audits blind as a badger." Now, was that any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger hud orphan like me I I simply ask you as a man and a brother if that was any way for him to do ? _ _______________ A dovotee of Bacchus was overheard tho other niglit thus addressing Ills hat, which had fallen from his head; " If I pick you up, I fait ; if 1 fall, you will not pick me up ; thon 1 leave you and he stag? gcred proudly away. "Why is avjsittp the falls ofNiagara Jifcely to prove . hurtful to the eyesight P— Because one is like to have -a! catoraot in bis eye ever after. 