THE ARMIDALE DIAMOND. Mr Butters publishes a ; letter hi the M. Ilerald, denying that there has been any "rigging the market" in conncctioii with the " big diamond. ' lie save, "The enormous stock jobbing operations, which have caused BO much trepidation, amount to L250 in Sydney, and L100 in Melbourne." I ho hmpirc of the 20th reports that n meeting ot shareholders in the Big Diamond Company was held yesterday, at the lloyal hotel, at which seventy-six shares nut of the 100 into which the speculation was divided were represented. Mr Butters was called to the chair, and reported that the stone, on being tested, by Professor Thompson' and the Rev. W. B. Clark, was delared to be a quartz crystal, and valueless. The accounts in connection with the release of the stone wero presented, and allowed charges amounting to a total of L74 14s.; Ll5 IS*. were solicitor's fees, and LS was charged by the A. S. N. Company lor carriage of the stone; the balanco consisting ot sundry charges It was shown that the stone was purchased by eight gentlemen merely as a speculation, and that they were induced to divide their interests by a number of gentlemen who who were desirious of joining the venture ; the brst shareholders had therefore sold Inlf their interest, and continued to hold the other half, having no desire to make money, but merely to take the chance of the atone proving a diamond or not. In consequence of its proving valueless, the eight original purchasers thought it fair to pay the whole of the charges, and so relieve the L10 shareholders of all responsibility, so that the total loss is divided amongst fifty gentlemen, and amounted to from L5 to L10 each. The whole matter was looked upon as if it had been a bet of about L2.000 to Lit) as (o the stone being genuine, and those who ventured their money considered the speculation a» legitimate as backing a horse for the Derby. The manner in which the business was conducted by Mr Buttem was favourably commented on, and resulted in the following resolution:-''That in the opinion of this meeting the whole of the business connected with the purchase and the sale of the supposed bi» diamond has been conducted by Mr Butters in an upright and businesslike manner; and it is resolved that the accounts and report now pre sented be adopted ; and, while regretting that the stone has proved valueless, the shareholders beg to accord to Mr Butters a cordial vote of thanks." Carried unanimously. The next resolution was as i ollows : " That the stone be taken to Melbourne by Mr Butters, and f-hown to the Melbourne shareholders; also exhibited if deemed proper and then placed in the hands of Mr Crisp to be cut and set, and then retained by Mr Butters until subsequently dealt with by the shareholders." Carried unanimously. A GHOST IN MANCHESTKB.-For several nights past immense crowds have been collected in and j about the Feathers Hotel, attracted by the report ' that a ghost has chosen one of the busiest centres j of Manchester, immediately opposite the London- ' road Station, for its nocturnal appearances. The j Btory is that for five weeks past the inmates of the hotel have been disturbed at all hours of the night by strange and unaccountable noises. When the ueary waiters have gone to sleep their dreams have been disturbed by the unwelcome tinkle first of one, then of two or more, and sometimes of all the bells in the house-14 in number-clanging together. A strict watch on several occasions been kept, and when this has been done the watchers have seen and heard nothing unusual, but so surely as the lights in the inn have been extinguished and quiet has been maintained, tho strange noises have commenced. About a week ago bellhangers were got in the house, who rearranged the wires and muffled the bells, and by. this means it was supposed that the perturbed spirit had been laid at last to rest-an idea which was confirmed by the fact that for six days there after the ghost made no manifestation. Between Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, however the sound of bells again broke forth with un diminished violence, and in defiance of bellhangers and special detectives. An indescribable presence is said to have made itself manifest on the stairs of the hotel, dressed in most unghostly habiliments of black, ton couple of tioys and a policeman, who were so much frightened by the sight that they are unable to give any account of the spirit's dis appearance. Of all the inmates of the house the cook has been most affected by the spiritual influence, aud on Wednesday resigned her com fortable situation, with all its perquisites, and, we believe, has taken to bed seriously ill. Meanwhile | the house is nightly crowded by hundreds of visitors, who, excited by curiosity, thirst of know ledge, or other desire, have been exorbitant in their demand for spirits, to the no small profit of the landlord,-Manchester Examiner, 3unYtNa GRASPING GKAVUDIGGBRS.-The Birmingham Post has the following:-A most disgracetul occurence took place on Sunday in Cradly churchyard. It has been the practice of the sexton (Mr Charlton) to demand the burial fees before the interment of a corpse. On Sunday afternoon a man named Walker brought his mother's body for interment, and refused to pay the fees until the corpse had been buried. Charlton shut the gates, and refused the corpse admittance, but a concourse of roughs forced the gate open, and the funeral proceeded to the church door, where Mr Charlton first denied the parties admittance, but, upon their advance, collared the coffin, and a hand to hand fight took place. The bier was broken to pieces, and ultimately the mob succeeded in forcing both Charlton and tho coffin into the church amidst tremendous uproar, in the middle of the sermon. Many of the ladies in the congregation fainted, and others rushed screaming to the Communion table, and such a tumult ensued as is difficult to describe. Charlton was knocked about, and upon taking refuge in a pew was followed, the pew broken, and received several kicks. The Rev. D. Sheddon endeavoured to restore order, and proceeded to bury the corpse. The burial service was gone through without interruption, and the clergyman was officiating in another part of the yard when Charlton's eldest | son went up to Mrs Walker's grave and said that if he had been there before, she should not have I been buried. This so infuriated the mob that they at once seized him and forced him into the grave and nearly covered him with soil, being loudly cheered by the spectators. Just upon this his father came to the spot, and lie also was thrown into the grave with his son, and would soon have been smothered had not the police charged the mob. As it was, both were in a very exhausted condition, aud were glad to be placed in concealment. Mn TRAIN OFFERING TO TABLE ON A BIO CONTRACT.-The irresistible George Francis Train continues his full poWer orations in America. The other day he delivered a speech at the Academy of Music, which the local reporter describes as a " big thing." It certainly was a big thing when to report it in full would take twenty columns of the Ilerald. Cut it was great in sentiment as well as length, ile has still faith in his friends the Fenians, and notwithstanding his sad experience of the Dublin Marshalsea and its ignominious deportation to United States territory, he wants to comeback to England, only he wishes to bring the whole Fenian army along with him: -" Speaking in the name of the Celtic army who have nominated mens your (Grant's^) successor, I protest against interference in Cuba. Stealing green apples and having ripe fruit fall into your lap are two distinct ideas. War with England means business. I will take tho contract to sack London in sixty days with Fenian soldiers and sailors (wearing the L. S. P.) free of all cost. All I ask for my Fenian army is transportation (Applause). War with England will give us a greenback currency, start our ship yards, raise wa"es restore our commerce, and reconstruct the country. So up with the cross of St Patrick and down with the cross of St George-(Cheers)." His peroration however, was the flower of his oratoryBearing in mind his recent secret 'flap-doodle' and 'double somerset circus act' over hit seven horses in the Cabinet-wherein lie came down flat on the spring board-Uly««es every day carries out the wise saying of Judge Satioho Panzi, at Barcelona:-'The higher the monkey climbs, the more he shows his tail.'" - (Loud laughter and exciting applause.)-New York Herald, 