DO NOT DESPAIR. "Do not despair," banish dull care, Trouble and Wisdom entwine; Thick in the strife, battle through life, Fight on, but never repine. AJie s Dut a span, act like a man, Do not believe you can fail; Honor and fame tending your aanie. Courage must erer prevail. "Do not despair," all have their share Both of life's breezes and calms • Useless to mourn, let it be borne, Laugh at the would-be aiarms. Troubles deceive, foolish to grieve Banish the sigh and the frown; Meeting the test striving your best, Care ends by living it down. " Do not despair," foul or fair. Meet them aud treat them alike: Strive on each day come let what may, Here's their colors ne'er strike. Such men confess all their success Due to a resolute mind ; Strain every nerve ought to deserve, Soon tou the treasure will find. "Do not despajr,"onward repair, Rough though the journey may seem; Trials never last, when they are past, Trifles our troubles redeem. Fear is a mire, manly desire, Crossing the high-road to fame ; Let it but check, hope it will wreck, Conquer and earn » good name. " 2? not despair," failings are rare, When with the noble resolve; Care to forget, troubles are met, Quickly you'll and them dissolve. Clouds of to-day soon pass away, Leaving the sunshine more prized; Sunshine or rain, should men complain, If by their Maker devised. " Do not despair," other thought pair With those the world may inspire: Each of us should strive to do good, Curbing each selfish desire. Living in health, rolling in wealth, Still for a judgment prepare ; Fortune to try, this be your cry, " Onward, I'll never despair." Mb. Dickens, who is said to hare " netted " £26,000 by bis last tour in the United States, has just concluded an engagement with Messrs. Chappel & Co. for one hundred farewell readings in England, for whioh he is to receire £8000. Another new "comic"has appeared, hailing, apparently, from Brighton, and is entitled the Will o' the Wisp. The second number contains a capital cartoon by Proctor, who is rapidly be coming one of the cleverest satirists of the day. PRXACHIN& UNDBB DIFFICULTIES.—Arch bishop Parker once preached a long sermon under great difficulties. He was a rare and fearless speaker to the "people." Thorough gentleman, he knew how to treat, lead, and sub due a mob. In Kit's Norfolk rebellion Parker preached to the rebels from a stage beneath their own oak, and he preached at full length against them and their rebellion. Some of the hotter spirits got beneath the stage, and, through the interstices of the planks, pricked his feet with their pikes, and kept the preacher in continual movement to aroid them. But he did not cease holding forth against them, nor did he lose patience nor dignity. His wild congrega tion finished by listening to Parker with respect, and they dismissed him without injury or insult — " Saints and Sinners." Elbctbicity and Sugub Bbfininck—Ac cording to Tracer's circular, one of Wild's electro-magnetic machines has been fitted up at a sugar refinery in Whitechapel, for the purpose of bleaching sugar. By sending a strong current of electricity through the sugar juice, it becomes bleached; and if this be true, the electric current may become a substitute for charcoal. Sidi-bl-Hamsa.—ln the Italian Correspon dence, which is known to be kept well informed by the Florence Foreign-office, whose acknow ledged organ it is, it was lately stated that the French Government was again pressing upon the Emperor of Morocco to keep the Arab chief Sidi-el-Hamsa at a greater distance from the frontier of Algeria. The Moorish Sovereign is said to desire no better than to content his bro ther Emperor, but he is unable to do all that he could wish. Sidi-el-Hamsa replies to the ur gent message of the Sultan that he will do no harm to the people of Morocco, but that neither is he minded to remove from the country where he has for the present taken up his abode. To this refusal there would seem to be but one reply—namely, the sending of a sufficient force to compel obedience ; but that is not so easily done, for the Arab condottiere is re ported to be at the head of about 20,000 men. Now the Sultan, whose prestige has not re covered the shock inflicted upon it* by the Spaniards in 1860, and who has not cleared off the heavy indemnity extorted from him on that occasion, is at a loss how to find the means of coercing the audacious leader, whose following has attained to a formidable strength. A short time ago, Sidi-el-Hamsa was between Fez and Mequinez, but it was generally supposed that he would soon transfer himself to the province of Oran, where the French were preparing to give him battle, and, if possible, to make him prisoner. There hare been so many things of greater importance to occupy public attention of late years, that the affairs of Algeria and its ad jacent countries have been pretty well forgotten; but I take this Sidi-el-Hamsa, who was lately astride on the road from Fez to Mequinez, ren dering the communication between those places diffioult, if not impossible, to be the same man who gave the French some trouble in Algeria, but was ultimately compelled to seek refuge and reinforcements in Morocco. If so, therewith is connected another affair. The agents in Morocco of one of the European Powers reported in the spring of this year that France was demanding of the Sultan that he should deliver up a certain Arab outlaw and robber who had fled from Algeria into Morocco. As an alternative, if this demand was not com plied with, an indemnity in money was claimed —to the amount, it was said, of twenty-fire or thirty millions of francs. In case the Sultan were unable or unwilling to comply with this slaim, the difference, it was thought, might per haps be compounded by the cession to France [>f a small island, known as the lala de Perexil, opposite Cape Carnero, and separated from the African continent by a rery narrow channel. If [ mistake not, the United States were once in treaty for the purchase of this island, for which they were disposed to give a large sum. Rifle cannon planted upon it will command the oppo site coast of Spain. Jottings in Litbbatubb.—The Belgrama Annual for last year was a great success, stand ing for excellence at the head of all the other shilling annuals. But we have a shrewd notion that this year's Annual will hare " metal more attractive" still. We happen to know some thins of the contents. The author of " Lady Audrey's Secret" will—* host in herself—tell a couple of tales, "My Wife's Promise," and " Christmas in possession ;" Mr. Sala will tell a ghost story of " The Bad Lord Brackenbury;" the clever norelist, Annie Thomas, otherwise known as Mrs. Pender Oudlip, sends a story; Mr. Thornbury gives a metrical romance; the author of " Kiddle-a-Wink" tells " The Confes sion of Zillah, the Witch;" Mr. Gilbert asks " What is a Burlesque ?" Mrs. Linnaeus Banks, a charming poetess, contributes a tale; and Tom Hood, worthy son of a worthy sire, sends a poem. Other names are there m writers, among the rest, Miss Braddon's henchman on Belgravia, Mr. Cheltnam, and the mysterious author of " Circe"—Babington White! Then there's quite a host of artists on the staff of the Belgravian Annual. Leitch is there for land scape, and the inimitable " Phis" for fun; while Louis Huard, Brunton, Staniland, Friston Law son, Thompson, Gray, and Barnard, rob their portfolios to fill the pages of Miss Braddon's Annual with eight full-page and forty other drawings.— Paisley Gazette. How to Spend a Fobtunb.—To young gentlemen beginning life the story of Lord Al bert Clinton, as rerealed in the Court of Bank ruptcy on Saturday, may be recommended as an exhibition of those things which they ought most to avoid. Lord Albert has devoted his life thus far to the work of showing how soon a foolish young man may bring himself to ruin. The bankrupt told the Court he had "done nothing for years beyond getting into debt." He had £900 a year when his father died, and £10,000 under the marriage settlement. He has now succeeded in reducing his income to £400 a year; he has spent the £10,000, and he owes £30,000 besides. The present age of this intelligent young scion of a noble house is twenty-three. He has " seen life"—so much so that he lately passed fire weeks in intimate ob servation of existence in Whitecroas-street. 