THEATRE ROYAL. mr. bandmann as hamlet. The Theatre Royal was crowded an Satur day evening with an audience eager to witness Herr Bandmann's impersonation of Hamlet. To a mind weddad to time-long prejudice, to people who tmnlc it impossible for any but Englishmen to eonceivo Sliakspearo aright, Herr Bandmann's Hamlet may not havo ap peared anything beyond a croditablo perform ance. But tho carefnl observer nnd tho unpre judiced student of tbo great bard will no doubt have found that tho Hamlet of tho present star stands out in bold relief as a saporlativo pieeo of acting. In tho flrst place, Herr Band- maun conceives tho character, not ns a lympha tic youth, not a puling whining hoy, butas that of a manly Hamlet whoBo first consideration is how and when to revonge tho foal, unnatural murder. If a sorrow for a time banishes tke thought of punishmont from his breast, it ro- turiiH with redoubled force, and forms tho mainspring of Hamlet's action. Herr Baud- maun, with artistic instinct, prosorves tho unity of effsot which oven tlio startling contrasts of character fail to destroy. Earnestness, vigor and intensify nra tho keynotes of Herr Bandmann's Humlct. Sorrow aud love aro made subservient to tho more manly components of the prince's character. Tho ghost eceno is pictnrosqno. The GhoBt is dis covered standing witUiu an archway, the back of tho stage is obooure, aud a ray of moonlight is allowed to iliaelese clearly Hamlet's countenance. Tho Ghost descends through a trapiand Hamlot, overcome with montal pros tration, sinks exhausted at the foot of tho tower. Herr Bandmanu has happily intro duced tho business generally omitted on tho two first occasions of tho Ghost pronouncing tho word " swear." Iu the play sceno thero is also an innovation. Hamlet, instead of toying with Ophelia's pen, occupies himsolf with tho mamiacrint of tho nlnv. find Avnidn ta nnfitro nt writhings and contortions on tho floor that always seem out of placo. Tho scene where the King is engaged in prayer, and where Hamlet is only stayed from stabbing him 1 by motives of great revenge, was also restored with considerable effect. Tho ; closet scone was, however, the greatest suocess. The aparlment was the counterpart of tho ono so well defined in Goethe's " Wil- helm Heistcr." The altar in tho background, tho oak wainscaating, and tho portraits of tho Danish Kings in regal robes, were as described in tha work of tho German bard. In the speech " a murderer and a villain," Hamlet's resentment nppeare without bouuds, and he soanis about to tako vengeance on tho portra't of liis_ anolo when tho Ghost appears out of the 1 pioture, aud Herr Bandmann, over- oomii with terror, falls prostrate on tho ground. The j words "Thus bad begins, and worse re mains bokind," ware given effectively. At tho commencement of tho passage Hamlet is made to pdint to tho body of Polonies, and at the con clusion ho seems to threaton and defy his uncle's portrait. The transition from anger to a display of_nffccliqn to.wardB his mother at the clqsq of the aot is well couceivod, and comes natntrnlly, as sort of relaxation, alter the montal tension to which Hamlet has boon subjected. it cuo manner 01 stabbing tho King, in the last act, bo not quite of ouch a sensational character aB we havo boen accustomed to, it has its merit. Tho laughter that always accom panies the rush of Hamlet nt the King and the monarch's inability todefond himself, was pre vented. As a whole, HerrBandmonn'sHamlet bears tho imprint of careful Btudy an artiBtio mind, a knowledga of Shaktpeare, and great geuitts. A worthy follower of thoso who have precedod him, and lit to ho ranked among tho first of living exponents of the greatest charao- tor of Shakspeare'a great triumph, M'SI Bowrrag mado an effective Queen, and Miss Evans mado an interesting Ophelia. Tho other characters wore well sustained, and Mr Leathes deserves praise for the manner in whioh he impersonated Horatio. Great credit is due to Mr Homiinga and the management idr the effective manner that the piece was put npon the stage. To- night, tbe performance will be-xepsated. 