lifts ggPncg informing finals. MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1869. 4 THE last achievement in the New Zealand war will raise the spirits of the colonists, and lift them from the depression in which some of them at least seem to have fallen. To half trained troops a defeats is unduly demoralising, but in the same degree a very decided victory is proportionately exhilarating. And the ousting of the Hauhaus from Ngatipa has been, to some extent, an unexpected piece of good fortune. The position was naturally a strong one, and the Maories have improved during the war in the art of fortification. While adhering to the original type of the pah, they have learned to add improvements borrowed from their foes. They have had to sustain several assaults, and have learnt to know both the strong and the weak points of their peculiar fortresses. The Europeans, too, have learnt to know by fatal experience that a well-constructed pah is not to be despised. Ngatipa was said to be the strongest work of the kind that the Maories had as yet constructed, and its defenders were well armed. The colonial general therefore wisely resolved to approach it cautiously. Another repulse would have been in the highest degree dis- heartening. Moreover, time, patience, and skilled labour were capable of doing all that reckless bravery could have done, and of doing what perhaps reckless bravery might have failed to do.' The place was approached by regular sap, and then, when everything was ready for the assault to take place at the greatest advantage, it was found to be unnecessary. The prize was won almost without a blow for it. The place had been rendered untenable, and the defending force found it had already stayed too long. , If TE KOOTI had the advantage of position, he had the disadvantage in point of numbers. The attacking force was half native and half European, and each section of it; was about twice as numerous as the garrison. The disproportion would not have been too great if the place had been tenable, and it could have stood a siege' till it was relieved, or the besiegers forced by any circumstance to retire. That this was not so, points out the weak side of Maori warfare. Small parties may carry on a harrassing contest, and commit very great depredations, but the moment they begin the style of regular warfare they fight at an enormous disadvantage. So long as they are in perpetual motion, and avail themselves of the cover of the bush, they can impose immense fatigue on their pursuers. Their own commissariat is simple, and the barbarism of their style of living, and the fewness of their wants are all on their side. But when they give up the nomadic style-when they allow their pursuers the advantage of comparative rest, of regular encampment, of tools, and of the science of war, then all the advantages of organisation and of civilised appliances come in on the side of the European force. If this fact has not always been illustrated in this Maori war-if pahs have been fatal traps to the soldiers, and have given victories to the natives, it has not been from any unavoidable necessity or from the chances of war, but because the native force was unduly despised, or because the officers in command did not avail themselves sufficiently of all the advantages at their disposal. It looks now as if they were learning wisdom by experience, and, if so, pah fighting will be steadily fatal to the insurgents. "V hat was the use of a strong position to TE Keen if he had no support outside that he could rely upon ? If indeed he could always have kept his retreat open, and kept on teasing his adversaries by making perpetual feints at desperate resistance, and always escaping before the real hour of dar ger arrived, he might have gone on giving a great deal of trouble. But the colonists have now come to see that one of the most important points in dealing with a pair is to command the line of retreat. When hunger and the close approach of the sap warned TE Keen that it was time to back out, he had to perform that operation, not under the cover of the friendly bush, but under a heavy fire, and by a precipitous road. In this disastrous and hopeless retreat his little army has been almost annihilated and though he himself has escaped wounded, his chief men have fallen. So complete and decisive a victory has not before] crowned the colonial arms. Eleven killed; and nine v, wounded are set against one hundred and twenty killed and eighty prisoners. This is a great contrast to the result of some previous attempts to storm pahs. General hunger will always fight for the colonists if they can but manage to command all the routes of access to a pair. This is,' of course, a very laborious task where the country is broken and the bush thick ; but it is, after all, only a question of labour, and it is a style of warfare' which will impress the natives with the hope- ยก lessness of permanent resistance. It gives them nothing to encourage them, and everything to disperse them and in dealing with a half barbarous enemy, their mood of mind is everything. Unless TE KOOTI can gather a new force his power for mischief is at an end for the present, and at this particular point active resistance may be considered over. There are, however, several different local centres, of disaffection, and the Government will have to display a good deal of tact and energy before I its prestige can be considered as thoroughly re-established. The local authority has, however, shown that it is neither hopeless nor helpless-that it has at its immediate command both leaders and men capable of efficient action, and whatever course the Imperial Government may choose to take the colonists will now feel themselves comparatively re- assured. The number of hostile natives is not large ; it has been their existence in dispersed parties, and their resort to troublesome positions, that in a country intersected by good roads has created the difficulty. But if they can be dealt with in detail, and dealt with as satisfactorily as at Ngatipa, order will be substantially restored, even if the QUEEN'S authority over some parts of Maoridom should still remain a myth. COUNT -A ON ATTEMS -A correspondent writing from Batavia, under date 10th December, says, " Count von Attems has confessed, and is to get a BON ore sentence His yacht the Hamlet's Ghost, has, I believe, been sold for about ยฃ200. On his way to Java he fired into a vessel for not showing her colours, and after his arrest he insisted upon the Austrian Consul sending to Singapore to intercept an Austrian frigate and order her to come, to effect his release," 