TEL?EGAPHIC )DESPA.TCIH. GREAT FIRE IN NEW ZEALAND. (From our own Correspondents.) [oa suuMAurINi OAnDLE.] IIMELBOURNE. aVednesday, 8 p.m. At the Ballurat Circuit Court to-day, be. fore Sir Rtedmond Barry, Allen, late legal manager of the Park Mining C unpauy, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for stealing gold belonging to thbo company. Heo was hold in high esteom previous to thu theft. The breadstuffs markets .continue un changed. Later dotes from New Zealand havo come to hand. A very large and disastrous firo has oc curred in the provinoo of Ilukitika. No less than eighteen houses wore burned. Tile loss is estimatod at thirty thousand pounds. A ITHno CA-i.-A yoath named Bookley was taken befoire the Police ,Mngiatrat on Tuesday, charned with deserting from the whaling ship lVatertiltch, of Hobart Town, to which place hI was remanded. It ecmos that anout twelve months- ago ho e gnued on board the schooner Pet'el without the know. ledge of his parents, who objected to bisgoing away ; but at last they consented on the assurance tlhat it / was to be only a coasting voyage, and that hlie would return in the vessel. On arriving at Hobart Town, however, heowas persuaded to ship in Iho IfPaterwitch, and hbe obtiined an advnco of 31 with which he procured a son ontfit. In the mnoantinme his parents had got a hint of what heo was likely to do, and as his mother was at theo imo dangerously ill, his father wrote to him, bogging himn not to join the whaler but to return homno at once. Unfortunatoly that letter did not roach the lad until n week after it was written, and then it was too late; lhe, however, determined to roturn and risk the consoqueno-s, anid this ihe did, leaving his boddine and clothoes on board tile Waterw'itch. Since then hoe has hono employod in some of the coasting vessoels, and for the last seven or eight months, excepting the assistunco re ceived from the Benevolent Society, h'lias boon the solo supporter of the family. Ilns sister, it will be remembered, died a few months back from tlho effcots of a sovern burn ; hi father, who was at the time suf furing from diseaseo of the kidneys, also died about two months ago, leaving four or ivo young childron and a sickly widow to the care of Iis oldest boy, and now this iswliat has happened to him. Perhaps when the circumstances aro known, the captain and the Benoh will tlhink it a nave for loniency. ·The lad is oven now in his minority. A oan oo of weather occurred yesterda y: the barometer fell more than half an inch, followed by n considerable quantity of rain, with- ocataional squalls of wind.- , Mtn. I.. D COunoIr Ann TuIt COLONIAL AunTorr .-Tho following notieoo from the Colonial Treasurer appears in the Gazetto : " With reference to thi letter from the Colo. nial Auditordated 15th inst., published in the Gazntte of the 20th inst., as to the conduct of Mr. II. D. Church in neglecting to furnish ceortain returnsa, and to pay into the Trenasury moneys received by him, it is hereby notifial that Mr. Church has furnished tlh returnero. quired hy the auditor, and paid into the Colonial Treasuory the moneys he nhad received on theo publio account. Mr. Church ha naalso exprsseod his sinrore regret at the delay and in on. vanioneo Iho has caused, and siaisfaototily explained the reansons for the non-paymont of tlie mony doe." The Tasmanian limsca says:-" We have asicortined from Mr. Churech that the sunm in quaestion (£8 On Od) was handed to him. on taking over the duties of Registrar of Ibo Court of Requests, in urror, ais ' sitors' monoy,' whoreas it was in reality 'Crown Feres.' As 'suitors' money' it wans Mr. Church's duty to retain it. in his hands until claimed by succosslul litigants." Thie .Aleretry states that Mr. Church will probhnly bu oappointed Sergeant-.it-Arms to the House of Assembly this session as hereto. fore. INaOI.vtNT CounT.-Tho followving meat. logse are set down for to day --First :.mnatings -W'. WV, \\\'lite, of Launceston, au ii ieer I \V. M. Dean, jun, of I)eloroslo, storekeeper; Itichlard Collins, of Lymni.g'on, farmer Chairlea French, of 'rTalm, near oWestbury, tanme, 1:. Adjourned first neetinug-Peter Nennan,, of Louseleigh, farmer. Second menlling andi on dIlehartge-John Pearce, of Lytnluogu, Iicensed I victualler and olrmer. BAiTIST.'r-On Tuesday evening the. ordl. rnnouof bnptism was administered In York. itreot chapel by the Bev. 8, 'Cozens. ''ll prneolor In the courso of a long addrese said. the priest who dips his hand ina 'w'er alnd iprlnklhs tho beho banpizes hii flngers and ,antizes the child. The priest in the old conilny hnptisod his bhysop noil rantizod tIh, leper, or In other words, he dipped the lhysoop andl sprinlkhd the loper. If we were to nob stituto the word rantizo for baptize we should mnake the Scriptures speak tho most arrant nonsenso: for example, Know yo not that no many of us as were tantized (sprinkled) Into Jesus Christ, were sprinkled into his doetlh. Therefore we are burted - with him byloprinkling,, Romanes V, 3, 4. Is the corpsn buid whe thebo sollton flings a little dust onthe colin, to illustrate that passage in tin burial service," Ashoe to ashes, dust to dust?' Tle greatest argument in the world for laptism by immersion is the fnot that thi Greeks, whosn native tongue is the language in which theoNew Testament was written, do still pracntice immersion. Toll any boyto go ant dlip his bucket in the well, and be would know that that was something vastly diflorent fromn sprinklina the tuekot at the well. If, theroeforo, the Greeks baptize by dipping then we logically conclude that dipping is the literal interpretation of Bapto, 1Baptizo. Tbe mnddel church, thoe parent church, the church compidsed of those who had seen the tragic solomnities of Calvary, and had been baptized witl the Holy, Ghost ' was a Baptist -a striot Blaptikt Church. 'They wore baptized every and of them, Aote Il. The water rite is the oor-the first door into the Church of Rome, nd into the Church of iEngland. They have thanged the mode and subjeot, hut they are eaiot churches. You oannot take the Enha'iiiyt in tie Oatholio Cliurch-you cannot re?ive the Saorament in:the Church of Englei d-you cannot sit down at the SuplIer in l' Weoslyan Church, without being baptized zeordiag to their modlo of baptizing. The 1? ptism of bollovors measures religion by the tandard of a man, prodo-baptism reduces it o the dimensions of a babe. WiATnuousE GoLDForzRDs. - W Ie ave loerned some additional facts relative to the reef that has just been diaeovored at Water. house by Mr. C. B. Brtley (son of T. B. Bartley, Esq., Kerry Lodge). The now reof is spokoen very highly of by/ all who have seen it, and its discovery seems to have caused some little excitement amongat til miners on the ground. A sample brought up to town no the yield of a single alovelful of the 'dirt is described as "aetonaihing," tlhro being con sidorably more goldtlhmu sand. So soon as the discovery was announeed offern were made to buy out the oleim or amailgmate, both of which wero doeltlod. Mr. Gould, geolo. gist, was so influontcod by the appearance of the roof, 'that ihe at once took up twenoty olaims round it in behalf of parties in whose interest his visit to the diggings was made. We believe it is Mr. BDurtley's intention to form a company atooco to work the reef. A correspondent of the Iasmianian ZVmies writes :-I have been over the country somoe distance since my last, and oam very tnvorably impressed with the anriferous indications it presents of being a largeo reofing district ; in tooa, there, there seems to be no end to the number of roofs and leaders cropping out of the surface, and I am persuaded we shall have a largo mining population here within a short time, if the outside mineors can only boar whaut we are doing. JuasTctis' JusTrocu.-A remarkable ease of deficiency in l, gil principles on the part of a Warden nodl Superintendent of Polico has just come to light in the Clarence Mlunioi pality. The 2lercury relates:-" About a year and a half ago a child's cloak was lost within tho precinets of the Municipality which tIas Mr. Thnomas for its Superinten. dent of Police, and Mr. Dawson for its Warden. Nothing more was hoard of t?o missing property till about a weeok ago, wlhot Mr. Supeorintendoent Thomas saw scmobody who had seen somebody else who saidtl e h had soon somotling like the cloak in the posseas sion of the wife of a respectable labourer, and without more ado the Superintendent appre. hended the woman ned conveyed her to gaol, the Wcrden boforo whom she was in the first place brought, having refused to accept bail. She wna aecordingly detained in gaol for several dlays, and than brought up on Satur day, when we are toll, ' Mr. Suporintoadrnt Thomas stated that, afror inquiry, he found he could not support the oano against ti.o prisoner, and I.o therefore prayed that sbo might be discharged.' In dealing with this oass we must keep in view the flat that the missing property was not stolen bat lost, and the tlcndor might have kept it from ignoranceo, and not from any felonious intent, It seems, therefore, scarcely crediblo that a person in the pasition of Superintendent of Police should have been so grossly ignorant ot his duties as to apprehend a parson as the felonious retainer of lost property which had not been found. Either the prisoner had not the missing cloak, and the Superintendont was guilty of an act of gross injustico in imn. prisoning her, or she had thoe oloak, and hi pro ved l imselfunfl for his dutyin not seauring it." Bnlnc ALnA?NR.-A meeting of nladholders in the road district of Breadalbano will be hioldut..Jranklin.V.illage..nat noon to.day for tlio purpose of considering and detoroininc upon the expedinecy of closing .the road that nse recently boen opened from Young Town to iho Station Bottom. 