CURIOSITIES OP LITERATURE. (.From Ferry and Oo.'s Illustrated Price Current.) IK an old number of Chambers's Journal there is ah admirable paper on the literary spoils that are to be found on book-stalls; so much so that we cite a passage or two therefrom:— "Book-stalls were the cheap literature of a former age. Their business waB with a humble kind of new publications and the worn out of the old. Ben Jonson, who was probably a haunter of them, since it was told of him that when a working bricklsyer he used to be seen with a trowel in one hand and a book in the other, says in his Underwoods:—" It is a rhyming age, and verses swarme At every stall. Ballads and other poems, in single sheets or half-sheets, together with a great variety of homely prose productions of similar. form, were then hung up at stalls to attract the attention of passers-by; and many compositions thus introduced to the world have been gathered by out literaiy antiquaries, our Percies, Evanses, and Ritsons, and transfused into grave-looking volumes for the admiration of learned and polite readers. Timeout of-mind, these humble marts of literature have been the resort of die curious yonth, the struggling scholar, and the pains- i taking book-collector." •Stall-readers, a class of porers who are not given to bay, are as<old jas the days of John Milton, If not BtQl more remote of origin, for he alludes to auch; .while, to quote the phrase of the London Quarterly, h " to poor lovers of learning, old and young, s theBe stalls, are to the famishing as tables spread in the wilderness." \- An early habit of frequenting secondhand book-stalls is never quite overcome, even after one has long become a purchaser in higher fields of literature. Leigh Hunt pleasantly confesses to this weakness, if such it be:—" We still find ourselves halting (says he) at the humblest book-stall, as we used to do when fresh from school. In vain have we got cold feet at it, shivering, wind- beaten sides, and black-fingered gloves. The du6ty old siren still delays us, charming with immortal beauty inside her homely attire, and singing songs of old poets. We still find ourselves diving into the sixpenny or threepenny box of eternal disappointment, and running over whole windows of books, which we saw but three days before, for the twentieth time, and of which we conld repeat by heart a good third of the titles. Nothing disconcerts us but absolute dirt, or an illtempered-looking woman. What delights us is to see a plentiful sprinkle of old poetry, little Elzevir classics, Ariostos full of loving comment, and a woman getting gradually better and better dressed, her afternoon ribbons matching with her pleas- ant face, and a chubby urchin in her arms. We have ourselves precisely the same habits. Nothing delights us more than to overhaul Bdme dingy tome, and read a chapter gratuitously. Occasionally, when we have opened some very attractive old boob, we have stood reading for hours at the stall, lost in brown study and worldly forgetfulness, and should probably have read on to the end of the last chapter, had not the vender of published wisdom offered, in satirically polite way, to bring us out a chair.—'Take a chair, sir; you must be tired.' " In an odd volume, picked up in one of those lowly depositaries of literary wares, entitled the Physiological Principles of Elocution, we find the following lessons given, under the name of Muscle Breakers:— Thou waft'd'st the rickety skiff over the mountain height cliffs, and clearly saw'st the full orb'd moon, : in whose silvery and effulgent light thou reef d'st the ; t haggled sails of the ship-wrecked vessel on the rock- j bound coast of Kamscatka. ! Peter Prickle Prandle picked three pecks of prickly pears from three prickly prangly pear-trees; if, then, Peter Prickle Prandle picked three pecks of prickly pears from the three prickly prangly pear-trees, where are the three pecks of prickly pears that Peter Prickle Prandle picked from the three prickly prangly pear-trees f Success to the prickly prangly pear-picker. Before leaving this class of literary performances, we give a few specimens of alliteration, which, though sometimes childish, nevertheless aTe regarded as literary curiosities. Whoever lias attempted an acrostic will fully appreciate the ingenuity evinced in the following :— SIEGE OF BELGRADE. An Austrian army, awfully arrayed, Boldly by battery besieged Belgrade ; Cossack commanders cannonading come, Dealing destruction's devastating doom; Every endeavour engineers essay, For fame, for fortune—fighting furious fray : Generals 'gainst generals grapple—gracious God ! How honours Heaven heroic hardihood ! Infuriate—indiscriminate in ill, Kinsmen kill kinsmen—kinsmen kindred kill.' Labour low levels loftiest, longest lines— Men march 'mid mounds, 'mid moles, 'mid murd'rous mines: Now noisy noxious numbers notice naught Of outward obstacles opposing ought: Poor patriots, partly purchased, partly proesed, Quite quaking, quickly quarter, quarter 'quest: Reason returns, religious right redounds, Suwarrow stops such sanguinary sounds. True to the Turkey—triumph to thy train 1 Unjust, unwise, unmerciful Ukraine ! Vanish vain victory, victory vanish vain ! Why wish we warfare ! Wherefore welcome were Xerxes, Ximens, Xanthus, Xaviere ? Yield! ye youths! ye yeomen yield your yell! Zeno's, Zarpater's, Zoroaster's zeal, And all attracting—arms against appeal. ABOUT BOYS. Boys beautiful by birth, born bonny bouncing babies, become blustering, bumptious brats betimes, blowing bubbles, biting brass buttons, burying black beetles, bullying beggars, bestriding balustres; burning brimstone behind Betty's beehives; bursting beer barrels behind blue- breeched butler's backs; bothering busy bakers by buying bun bargains before breakfast; boisterously beating blackberry bushes because by blackbirds built beneath ; brusing bright butterflies' brittle bodies between bound books; bending Blanche's bewitching best lionnet; bumping borrowed boats; breaking brother's bats by bowling brick-bats; barking behind breathless bellowing bullocks, butcher be-driven beasts! ABOUT NEWSPAPEES. Ninety-nine newspapers nightly narrate novelties. New notions!—new novels!—new-fashioned needlework !—nauseous nostrums nullifying nervousness! —new-fangled nutriment (neither nice nor nasty), named nectar necessitating no natnre-nnrsing! Now notifying newly nominated noble noodles Deflecting national negotiations. Next, noting naval news—North-pole, Niger, Nile navigations,—nevertheless, nothing's new now-adays! Naughty Neddy's nibbling nurse's nice new neckerchief! • Niggers never need new nail-brushes! MISSUS' MESSAGE TO THE STABLE-BOY. Thomas! tell Timothy that those troublesome, tiresome terriers tore tidy Theresa's tucks to tetters; turned tho tables topsy-turvy; tormented the tame tortoise; therefore tell Timothy to tie tbem tight to the terrace trees till they're tractable. They're too teasing. Tell Tim, too, to take two tenpenny toasting teacakes, these three tamarind tarts, together, to Tabitha Tibbett's tea-table to-night. Try to think to tell these two things, Thomas. THE BARWATT).—The following description of the position and influence of the barmaid appears in an English periodical:—The position of a bar-girl is very odd. It is neither one thing nor another. We are dresBed up like ladies, we look like ladies, but we ain't. I know we're not, because the gentlemen laugh at us, and look at each other sometimes when we say things. The young swells make love to us, but they would, never marry us. Those, that would marry us we wouldn't have.' There is a deal of love of one kind or another wasted upon us bar-girls. Tt hurts the young men more than it does us. We get used to flatteries—we hear them all day long; but each young man thinks that he is the party that has made the impression. We are the ruin of many young men, without being able to help it. They come spooning around ns, and in hanging about the bar they learn to drink. I have known a young man drink a whole bottle of brandy in nips in the course of an afternoon. He didn't want the nips, and only took them to have an excuse for standing at the bar and talking with us. I have Been many young men go to the bad this way, under my very eyes. I have seen them drowning in liquor, as it were, without having the power to rescue them; for, of conrse, it would never do for us to refuse them diink, unless they were much the worse and noisy. The nonsense have listened to 2—the grasps of the hand I ave had! —the deep-drawn sighs I have eard breathed over the pork-pies and sauage-rolls !—the oceans of champagne I have seen poured out on the shrine of our fascination ! Poor young men, if they only knew what fools we think them! SEBASTOPOL.—I bad often inquired about Sebastopol and its condition since the siege. I was generally told that it had undergone but little improvement; but I confess I was not prepared for the ruinous condition in which I found it. It is even more emphatically a city of ruins now than it was when the allies entered in September, 1855. As we paBsed into the harbour I heard a Russian on board the steamer remarking mournfully, with a sigh, "Sevastopol est mort." The white crumbling walls looked like the ghost of this dead city as we approached it. Only a few houses have been repaired, and are now inhabited. - I asked a Russian if he thought that one house in four had been renovated. His answer was, —" If you said one in ten you would be nearer the truth." And further inspection showed me that this estimate, if not correct, only falls short of the truth. Some quarters are as solitary and desolate as Thebes or Baalbec. There is scarcely a living figure to be seen, but a few cows grazing in the grass-grown streets, or a sow followed by a progeny of pigs wandering about Sebastopol. Fort Nicholas and Port Paul cannot be called ruins, they are but mounds of rubbish. It is the same with such places as the site of the bouses which stood in the rear of the Redan. It is to the town proper, where any walls are yet left standing, that we can apply the word " ruin." A curious event has taken place since the war which strikes everyone who enters Sebastapol. A colossal statue has been erected to Admiral Lazareff. It is of bronze and nearly thirty feet high, on a pedestal of black' marble, which adds nearly another thirty feet to the height of the whole. It stands on the broad esplanade in front of what we called the "White Buildings," which wore the marine barracks, and it looks over the harbour and the town. SebaBtopol was the work of this man. It was his energetic ability which created this place, and built h f l fleot o f t h e B l a c k g 0 a I t w a 8 t h e p u r_ pose of the Crimean war to destroy what this man had spent his life in building and organising. That purpose was accomplished, and it has now a curious effect upon tbe mind to see that great black statue of him standing in the midst of ruins. The barracks, dockyards, and other establishments of his design are seen all around him in the relics of their destruction. — Prince of Wales's Tour. MARRIAGE IN AMERICA.—There comes rather a good story of married life from America. The hero of it sot out for Arkansas, leaving his wife at home. The lady, weary of the separation, wrote to her husband, entreating his return. He begged that she would be patient, and pointed out that his absence, though irksome to both, was good for their mutual interests. Six months elapsed—then a whole yenr. At length, one fine evening, the husband returned and knocked at the door of his house, expecting a royal welcome. " It is I, my adored one." " Who ! you ?" said the lady. "Don't you know your husband?" was the reply. " I have no husband," was the lady's rejoinder. " What do you mean ? " cried the man. " Since you would not return," was the reply, "I sought and obtained a bill of divorce." " But," the husband began to answer. " Withdraw, sir," said the lady, stopping him ; " it is not right that a stranger should come here at this late hour." "Ungrateful!" "No recriminations." "Why," continued the man, "I came to lay the fortune I have made at your feet." " Get out!" was the only reply, " I do not mean to be compromised." So the man departed, and—fuiy in his heart—returned to Arkansas. After he had been there some time he had a chat one evening with General W., who said to him, " how is it that a man of your position is not married ? " "I do not know any woman here who would suit me," he replied. "But there muBt be lots in your native place," retorted the general. "You are right," said our friend ; "I will go and see to-morrow." He set out, and six weeks afterwards he returned with a wife leaning on his arm. " Ah!" said the general, " you have done the deed, then; you have married ?" " Pardon;.I have re-married." "How? were you a widower ? " " Nothing of the kind." "How, then? I do not understand you." " I have re-married my wife, who had obtained a bill of divorce against me. I courted her as if we had never known each other." " Married twice to the same woman!" cried the general;." you are incorrigible!" It is a pretty romance, and may be worth reading when the papers are full of the number of cases with which the divorce court is choked. VELOOIPEDIAKA.—The following remarks respecting the bicycle are from Chambers's Journal:—With regard to the speed which may be attained, fifteen miles an hour, under the most favourable circumstances, that is, good hard road, not level, but without very steep hills, and no wind blowing, is probably the limit of the velocipede's powers; but a pace of nine or ten miles an hour may be maintained for five or six hours without distress. Long journeys on level roads are perhaps the most fatiguing, on account of their monotony, because the feet as in walking are nearly always at work. Still, even in this case the driver can maintain his speed with one foot, resting the other on the leg-rest; or, if disposed, ho may even place both feet on the rests, and run four or five hundred yards without working at all. The slightly increased labour of climbing a hill is nothing to the zest imparted by the knowledge that there is sure to be a hill on the other side to go down, and that is the most luxurious that can be imagined. Decending an incline at fall speed, balanced on a beautifully-tempered steel spring that takes every jolt from the road—wheels spinning over the ground so lightly they scarce Beem to touch it—the driver's legs rested comfortably on a cross-bar in front— shooting the hill at a speed of thirty or forty miles an hour—the sensation is only com-, parable to that of flying, and is worth all the pains it coBts in learning to experience it. The velocipediet feels but one pang as he reaches the bottom of the hill) and that is, that it is over; and but one exquisite wish, which is, that the entire country might somehow become metamorphosed into downhill. But the hill is bountiful even after one has left it; for the* impetus derived from a good incline will cany the rider at least the hill's length on level ground before he need remove his feet from the rests and commence working again. The slightest incline on a good toad is sufficient to obviate all necessity for working with the feet, so that what little labour there is (and it is of the easiest) is by no means incessant. In journey of twenty miles on a good road, a driver should not work more than twelve —the inclines do the rest. * * * * To the spectator the velocipedist appears almost wholly to employ his legs; but in reality the muscles of the arms are in strong tension in the act of grasping the handles, so as to counteract the motion of the feet on the pedals, which motion would otherwise tend to sway the wheel from side to side. In fact, after a long journey, the driver will feel more fatigue in his arms than his legs. Once mastered, the two-wheeled steed is a docile and tractable animal, equally sensitive to bit or bridle, and a sturdy friend to the traveller. For him the pike-men throw open their gates without asking for toll. He needs neither corn nor beans, nor hay nor straw, neither ostler nor stableman. Hie stable is a bit of the passage-wall, against which he reposes without taking up any room, until his master needs him again ; his only food a pennyworth of neat's-foot oil per month. Up to May 31 there have been sixty- nine applications for provisional protections for patents made in England this year, for improvements in the bicycle or two-wheeled velocipedes. FEILALE SINGERS.—Popular applause is lavished on public singers in a manner that scarcely any other women can possibly^ enjoy, When Piccolomini sang in Italy, they not only showered bouquets upon her, but now and then a white dove fluttered to her feet. When Jenny Lind sang at Stockholm, the rush for seats was so great that they were put up for auction, and realised fabulous sums, all of which went to a fund to establish a school there for decayed artists. As a body, there is no one more charitable than musical artists. When, in 1847, the Misses Pyne (then Dot so well known to fame) heard that a society for homeless children must fall to the ground for want of funds, they volunteered, unasked, to give a concert for its benefit, which was eminently successful. Clara Novello's triumphs ought not to be forgotten. At Genoa, her audiences threw bouquets containing valuable coronets at her feet, to say nothing of camellias worth twenty-five guineas a piece, then escorted her home with torches and flambeaux. A greater triumph, however, has scarcely been achieved by any singer than the unparalleled reception given to Patti of late in Russia. The sums which fortunate singers realise, too, is almost incredible. Everybody, doubtless, remembers Gabrielli's reply to Catherine II of Bussia, when she expressed her astonishment at her demanding 8000 ducats for singing, by saying— "why I don't pay a field-marshal as much as that." " Well then get your fieldmarshal to sing to you.". The Empress seems to have seen the force of the argument, and paid the demand. There are so few fir6t-rate voices in the world that they can always secure their price. The said Gabriolli made a large fortune, and lived in the greatest splendour. The anecdotes of her extravagances are endless. One will suffice. A Florentine noble who came to pay his court to her, caught a costly lace ruffle in the trimming of her dress and tore it. As a compensation, she sent him Bix bottles of Spanish wine, corked with Flemish lace. Mrs. Billington at one time realised an income of £14,000 a year. Bubini's income one year amounted to £90,000. In these days, when money is so necessary, no wonder people wish to m^ke their mark on the stage.—The Queen. It is now pretty well-known, says. the Athenaeum, that woods and forests of leafy trees promote rainfall and nourish the flow of springs and of rivers; but it is not so well known that trees of the kind described by the Germans as Nadelholz—needlewood —produce the contrary effect. That such is the fact, however, appears from a statement which will be read with interest by owners of waste, lauds. The forest of St. Amand, situated in the north of the district of Yalenciennes, comprising one thousand eight hundred acres of silicious sand mixed with a small quantity of clay, was formerly covered with 6crub and Btunted clumps of oak and birch, and being in places very damp was much haunted by snipes. In 1843 this unproductive growth was cleared off, and Scotch firs (Pinus sylvestris) were'planted. These throve well, and are now tali, handsome trees adorning the waste. But during their growth it was observed that the damp places became dry; the snipe abandoned the locality; then two or three springs and a small stream that once flowed through the covert dwindled away, and at last entirely disappeared. Here w.as a surprise! The forestal functionaries set to work to discover, if possible, "the explanation. They dug trenches six feet deep on the site of the springs, and made borings to greater depths. The trenches disclosed no appearance of water; but showed that the roots of the first as also those of the former oaks and birches bad penetrated six feet or more into the soil. By the borings two underlying beds of water, one of considerable volume, were discovered ; and the natural inference was that they had formerly' stood at a higher level, H and thereby maintained the springs ; but in A what way their level had been lowered by the growth of the firs was a questibn which could not then be answered, nor has a satisfactory answer yet been arrived at. The A T S fact, however, remains, that trees included in the pinus tribe exert a desiccating influence on the soil; and in the discuBBion oc- — casioned by what has taken place in the f forest of St. Amand, it has been mentioned that many -ft of the " lagoons " on the south-west coast of France have been dried up and converted into woods by planting the maritime pine along their margins, and advancing the planting as the waters receded. Is there anything in these foreign facts that can be turned to account here at home? In" the recently-published report of the commission appointed to inspect fortifications, an account was given of the exceeding difficulty, the builders had in finding a solid foundation for the forte at the marshy mouth of the Med way and on the approaches to Chatham.. Deep excavations were dug; but for a long time whatever was built snowed a tendency to sink down out of eight; and even now that the forte do uprear their faces their stability is not absolute. Bightly do the natives of the district name the river the Mudway. But if "the marshy shores of Gsscony can be dried up by plantations of pine-trees, cannot the same be done on the marshy shores of Kent ? , If it can, the benefit will be manifold. The ground will be made firin anfldry, ague will disappear, the country within will be sheltered, and the" landscape will look less dreary than at present, to say nothing of the gain in timber. THE MONCRIEFF BATTERY.— This battery has been so frequently described 1 during the last few months, that perhaps I ought hardly to refer to it in these letters. As, however, Captain Moncrieff, at the late meeting of the Royal institution, on Friday, the 21st of May, gave a lecture on his system of artillery, the following observations on the subject may serve to complete this brief sketch of scientific warfare:— "Instead," he said, "of trying to meet force by force, I make my gun bow to the inevitable conditions which science has imposed, and instead of wasting energy, money, and skill,, in attempts to raise a buttress against the new artillery, I employ the hitherto destructive force of recoil to lower the guns below the natural surface of the ground, where they can be loaded and worked in security and comfort; and at the same time I have made that destructive force so much my servant, that I compel it, at my pleasure, to raise the gun again into the fighting position whenever it is required. In 1855, while watching the interesting operations before Sebastopol, and endeavouring as well as I could to understand the conditions under whioh the siege artillery was used, I conceived the idea which is .now realised. It was then that I saw the value of earth, and the importance of simple expedients. It was plain that the weak point of a battery was the embrasure, forming as it did a mark to fire at, an opening to admit the enemy's shot, and requiring constant repair, even from the effects of its own gun, which in firing injured the revetements with which the cheeks are formed. I' also came to a conclusion in my own mind that a remedy for some of these defects could be devised. The real difficulty of the- thing arose from the necessity of providing for the enormous strain of the recoil. At last I hit upon a simple principle that would meet this difficulty to advantage, the interposition of a moving fulcrum between the gun and the platform; then I knew the . problem could be solved." Those who wish for further details regarding the Moncrieff invention will find an excellent popular ac- count of it in the February number of Once a-Week. A SMALL CONGREGATION.—In Curiosities of the Pulpit, and Pulpit Literature, the following incident is narrated in connection with Dr. Beecher:—Dr. Lyman Beecher, the well-known American Presbyterian minister, once engaged to preach for a country minister on exchange, and the Sabbath proved to be one excessively stormy, cold, and uncomfortable. It was in midwinter, and the snow was piled all along in the roads, so aB to make tbe passage very difficult. Still the minister urged his horse through the drifts, put the animal into a shed, and went in. As yet there was no person in the house, and after looking about the old gontleman—then young—took his seat in tho pulpit. Soon the door opened, and a single individual walked up in the aisle, looked about, and took a seat. The hour came for commencing service, but no more hearers. Whether to preach to such an audience was a question, and it was one that Lyman Beecher was not long in deciding. He felt that he had a duty to perform, and he had no right to refuse to do it because only one man could reap the benefit of it; and accordingly he went through all the services, praying, singing, and the benediction, with only one hearer, and when all . was over he hastened-down from the desk to speak to his congregation, but he had departed. A circumstance so rare was referred to occasionally; but twenty years after it was brought to the doctor's mind quite strangely. Travelling somewhere in Ohio the doctor alighted from the stage one day in a pleasant village, when a gontleman stepped up and spoke to him, familiarly tiling him by name. " I do not remember you," said the doctor, " I suppose not," said the stranger; " but we once spent two hours together in a house alone in a storm." "I do not recall it, sir," added the old man; " pray when was it ?" "Do you remember preaohing, twenty years ago, in such a place, to a single person?" "Yes, yes," said the doctor, grasping his hand, " I do, indeed, and if you are the man, I have been wishing to see you ever since." " I am, sir: and that sermon saved my soul, made a minister of me, and yonder is my church! The converts of that sermon, Bir, are all over Ohio." THE BOILED" BEEF OF AUSTRALIA.— (New Patriotic Song for the British Workman.) Air—"The Eoast Beef," &o.; Hurrah for the meat—now our own's got so dear— They're bringing preserved from Australia here; The workman The can tender add to boiled his bread beef and of Australia his beer ! O the tender Australian boiled beef! The butohers will shake in their shoes, Til be hound, With their chops and their steaks at a shilling a \- pound, ' - And -joints for poor folks, that are " touch'd" and unsound! - For now we've the beef, &c.; When juicy boil'd beef is the artisan's food, e'll find it at onoe inexpensive and good, nd fivepence a pound fat and boneB will exclude, From the boiled beef, &o.; hen let us from all tho stale rubbish refrain— ome botchers oft sell for exorbitant gain— nd stick to the beef that is brought o'er the main. O the boiled beet of Australia! &c.; Judy, CABBY SOLD.'—Swell (screwing himself up or the contest): "How much?" Cabby (with a rush): "Five shillings, sir!" Swell: " O nonsense! I don't want to buy your horse! What's your fere, I mean!" (Cabby gives in.)—Punch. Mr. Charles Dickens has been rendered hopelessly dnrnb by a sudden paralysis of the tongue'. . Hp was giving another and a farewell series of readings from his own works, wbeo, at Preston, the lamentable visitation overtook him in the most unexpected manner, ;and without tbe slightest indication of approaching . indisposition. He has been attended by the most eminent of tbe faculty, whose concurrent opinion leads to the conclusion that thB "farewell " series have become so in reality. Nothing but absolute avoidance of all excitement, and strict abandonment of labour, can it is said even mitigate tbe "suffering of the people's favourite novelist. This blow reminds us very strongly of a similar occurence that happened shortly before his tlealh to the late Albert Smith. His" farewell performances were similarly interrupted—let as hope that "tbe analogy may not hold good as regards the fatal termination of the affliction. ' ' 