'BMaraa Cimti WALLAROO: SATURDAY, JANUARY 16. THEBE was force as well as wit in the ATTOBNEY-GTENEBAL'S retort upon Mr E. C. BAITER, who compared our annual payment to the Volunteer Force to the payment for an insurance policy, that we had paid £100,000, and had no insurance for our money. But, he might have added, we receive quite as much insurance as we are likely to need for many a year yet to come. Had he proposed to make a clean sweep of the Volunteer Force, to have struck the item for its payment out of the Estimates, he would have deserved the thanks of every one of his colonists, and would have , received them from all, ex cepting those whose long residence at the antipodes has blinded their minds to the principles upon which modern war fare is conducted by civilized nations, and clouded their perceptions of the rela-, tions between the various countries into which the world is divided. We wonder whether any individual is frantic enough to suppose that at this juncture of affairs the £100,000 we have paid to the volun teers during the past five years would not be much more useful than the volunteers either are or have been. And, this Yolun teer Force of ours has precisely the same prospect of usefulness before it for the next five years as it had five years ago. In all human probability, if continued, it would have precisely the same record of doughty deeds to shew, if called upon at the end of 1873, as it has at the close of 1868\. There is not the remotest pro bability of the colony being attacked by any European force for years to come, whatever nations on the Continent may let slip the dogs of war. No civilized nation, in this year of grace, attacks or destroys private property after declaring war. Whether the Government property is worth sending an iron clad, or even a ship of the line (both of which would certainly be wanted elsewhere) to the antipodes for, anyone not absolutely bereft of reason may accurately compute. And were any Government to think of doing so, either by the overland mail or the telegraph we should know that the thing was likely to occur months before it could happen. But, even supposing a French frigate were to put in an appearance in in these waters, who knows where she would land a hostile force F In the Cri mean war the Allies were not quite so fool ish as to land their forces under the guns of Sebastopol. And supposing a force to land anywhere on an extensive coast line, what would the Volunteer Force be able to do more than any band of guerillas organised at a week's notice. The idea that undrilled men had better keep out of harm's way in the hour of danger is refuted by current history. What did Garibaldi's red-sMrted volunteers do ? j What did the Confederate legions do in the late American war? "What the guerilla forces tinder MORGAN, OBOSBY, and others? In disc&ssing; the subject of a volunteer protective force for this colony, we may dismiss from our minds all ideas of patriotism and loyalty as utterly beside the question. It is a moot point whether anyone of our volunteers ever even dreams of meeting an enemy. And the volunteers of to-day are, in the majority of cases, gone to- morrow, owing to the migratory disposition of the people. Our £100,000 are gone, and we have to shew for this expenditure a volunteer force of some 250 men, of which a due proportion are without doubt recruits. And an equally powerful argument is to be urged against military defences of any other description. Had we been luckless , enough to have embarked in the specula ! tion of buying guns some three or four l years ago, we might have now wrapped them up in lavender as useless articles against the more powerful inventions of recent dates. Had we built forts as a temptation to an enemy to come and knock them about our ears under the pretence that we held a fortified position, we now know that such forts would be simply slaughter-traps as compared with Captain MONCEIEIT'S ingenious inven tion. Had we ordered a monitor or an iron-clad we now know such a vessel would not have the ghost of a chance against a nearly submerged vessel armed on MOITCEEIFF'S principle. The policy of the mother country is growing every year more peaceful, and the fact is more patent now than ever that future con flicts between first-class powers will be as were the Italian, Prussian, Austrian, and Danish wars-short, sharp, and deci sive. Even the £6,000 per annum to which Mr STBAJT&WAYS; has cut down the Volunteer Force is so much of the country's resources wastefiilly muddled away. The wisest policy for a young country like Australia, undoubtedly con sists in cultivating the arts of peace rather than of war. In creating a soH of local standing army, we are but copying the vices and follies that eat like a cankerworm into the constitutions of European States. Our supremacy ought to be exhibited in production, our rivalry in the arena caused by the adaptation of the arts and sciences. Better for us to make our towns worth attacking than to j provide means of defence for an as yet uninhabited country like this. The re sources of our mines, and the capacities of our soil should be rather an object of our regard than a burlesque upon mili tary display. Were we to increase our revenue tenfold, we should increase our means of defence at an equal ratio. Had the £100,000 paid to the Volunteer Force been expended on a railway, our capacity for meeting a hostile force would have been very much greater than it is at the present time. And, in thus speaking, we do not by any means under value the use which drill is to the regular soldier. An undrilled force cannot meet an army of bronzed veterans in action. But one of the greatest uses of drill is the physical training which it gives to the soldier. It enables him to endure fatigue and hardship, and teaches him to forego the luxuries which he has I hitherto considered a necessity. In speaking of the ability of our drilled force, it is only necessary to consider the idea of some of our volunteers of every rank taking the field to see the absurdity of the thing. Fancy some of our cap tains, whose uniforms would fit a water butt, engaged as a guerilla force. Con j ceive some of our full privates, who look. I like wool bales on short stilts, charged by a Light Brigade! Seasonable persons can scarcely fail to see the absurdity of supposing that our 250 volunteers can defend the country should _an attack, of which there is not the slightest proba bility, take place. The ATTOBJTEY G\ENEBAI, deserves credit for cutting down the estimate for the force to one third. of the previous amount. This re duction, as he says, will not impair its efficiency. That which it never possessed cannot be impaired. It is efficient enough, to do all that is ever likely to be required of it, and that is just nothing. Should Mi* STBAJTGWATS retain office, another | year we may hope, he will feel himself | strong enough, to do that which in defer | ence to the prejudices of a class in the [Community he has now only partially accomplished. j There will be racing to-day at Kadina, particu lars of which will be found in our advertising columns. Some good sport is anticipated. The wrestling for prizes at Kadina is expected to be brought to a conclusion this daj, when the winners of the various prizes will be declared The play is said to have been very good. Operations have been suspended for a time at the shaft of the Karilla Mine. We would direct attention to a sale by Mr James Lang, of a house and property, and^also some goods, at Xadina, this day. Particulars will be found in our advertising columns. Two men, the one named James Mclnerney, and the other Michael Brazzel, were on Wednes day the 13th inst., brought before J. Harvey, Esq., J.P., at the Wallaroo Police Court, charged with being drunk and fighting in Wallaroo streets on the preceeding evening. Mclnerney pleaded guilty, and was fined 5s, but Brazzell, who affected to want convincing that he was drunk, was fined £1, or in default, seven day's imprison ment. The stone found at the Alamanda silver mine, is announced to be yielding 150 ozs., lb the ton, and at the Potoei 98 OZB. Gold has been struck at. the Barossa diggings at a depth of 100 feet, and the prospectus has been issued of a company for working the quartz reefs. The ^Melbourne correspondent of the JSallarat Star writes:-" The company for $he establish--' ment of a line of steamers between England, and this colony, via the Cape, is doing very nicely, and I am assured by those who are competent to ex express an opinion, that there is no dobbt what ever of the project being floated. Mr Burstal r eserves success, for amidst many discouragements he has never been discouraged, but by his persis tency evinced a faith in the soundness of his scheme which must have an effect on those whose assistance he desires to obtain." The peripatetic philosopher in the Australasian, thus writes of Mr Yale, the Commissioner of Cus toms in Victoria. " Mr Vale, as is well known, is very quick at a joke, and is also a man of consider able general information. Taking a stroll through the Customs' sheds the other day he espied some boxes of tobacco of the well-known " Venus rising from the sea " brand. Instantly a virtuous flush overspread his manly brow. " What is this ? Eh.- what, what ? An indecent print! Must be seized, must be seized!" I believe that somebody undeceived the poor fellow." The local paper (the Border Post) writes: For the last two or three days Albury has been a perfect pandemonium by reason of extensive busli fires raging round the town. During the greater portion of Sunday night, and nearly the whole of Monday, a small band of people who objected to be burnt in their beds was employed in beating back the fire. Through their exertions the town was saved, and it says very little for the good feel ing of our citizens when we mention that only six or eight people could be got together to stay the progress of the flames, although the fire was in full view of the town, and the critical position of some of the outside properties formed the subject of general comment. We are sorry to say that the greater part of the town eommon has been swept by the fire, and ws may therefore look fora rise in milk." According to recent advices from NewZealand, the tide of affairs has turned/and the fortune of war was declaring against the Maoris. < The settlers and the volunteers who are quite numerous enough to .eat the handful of Maoris by whom they are opposed, have acted with something like vigor, and the consequence has been, the rebels have been Repulsed and routed in eveiy direction. Probably in a short time we shall hear that the insurrection has been very effectually checked, if not stamped out. But such is the weak and vacillating character of the Government, no 93$ *eems to have the slightest confidence that another . outbreak may not at any time be either ignorantly .or injudiciously provoked, when atrocities of the , old description would be enacted. It is to an ex tent -Batis&cfeory; to find that this diminutive war . .is being brought to a close without imperial assis tance being invoked. The idea of the settlers and people of the colony of ifew.Zealand asking that a ffegulur army anight take the field against some ?1309 natives, the estimated force of the Hau-Haus «eems almost too absurd. In the Legislative Council, the Bill for alienat ing the Waste Lands of the Crown, has been par tially mutilated. On Wednesday several clauses i wejhe passed through Committee, and, on the of the Hon. H. Ayers, it was resolved that j JiO land in the agricultural areas shall be open for^electien, untilxahje months after the SSI shall have become law. This is virtually, putting off the operation of tShe Sill for another year. The pretence for doing so, as, that the pastoral tenants, j whose runs the areas encroach upon, may have timely motice of «the change that will take place in .order to make fjhe best disposition of their pro perty, . This isffche pretence which the members j ®f the Council allowed themselves to be inveighled by, but to the most casual observer the thing jg : patent that it is' but a pretence. The lessees of those lands which are surveyed and which would be available at an early date have had plenty of ^notice that aiJBprtion of their runs would be' wanted. The lefiees of those that are unsurveyed ' would have the requisite tune to make evejy necessary arrangement whilst the land was being surveyed. In but very few instances, perhaps in Jionftj is more than a portion of a run encrouched; upon. It is allowed on all hands that these areas i .are the fundamental principle of the bill, and this fundamental principle has been tampered with hy the action ©f the Council. Moreover, the amendment is but a partial one. It merely touches the declared areas, not those which will hereafter be proposed. .f-W'e have no hesitation in saying that its inte^^,n(f object was to throw cold water upon i£j||mea6ure, and we hope that when the amendments brought before the Assembly, it will be rejecte|| and its insiduous nature ex posed. The distillation of rum is being carried on in Queensland to some extent. Nineteen hogsheads were shipped the other day at Maiyborough for ?Sydney. What was considered by the shareholders of &he; Wheal Hughes -Mining ^Company, to be a very satisfactory meeting, was held at White's Rooms;1 <on Thursday .-afternoon. There was a la^b atten dance, and Dr. Phillips presided. The share-' jfadlders were -congratulated upon the value their property had acquired. There being a balance in ihe hands of the Company's bankers of over ^£3000, a dividend of iOs per share was declared. The South Bowers Company -is spoken very favorably ofj and so satisfied are the proprietors with;the looks of their lode that they have this ?week taken up an adjoining section through which ?the lode has been traced to p«.«q Much satisfaction has been expressed that the iEuko Company should advertise to pay the nl»irnn .due from the oldsCompany ?fco a number of indivi duals who could ill afford to loose their money. A connection has been made between the two shafts of the Poona Mining Company, and the Mine is now thoroughly ventilated. Driving has ibeen commence# from No. 2 shaft under the rail way, and No. 1 is to be at once cleared up ready ior work. An accident that was fortunately net .attended with such serious consequences as might have &een; anticipated, occurred At the Paramatta Mining Company's works on Friday A man . was putting.some drills into a basket, when one slipped and fell down the shaft, striking a miner below on the side of the face, and carrying away some of his teeth. Had the drill struck him directly on the head, he must have been killed on the spot. As it was, though hurt, he was able to y walk home and obtain medical assistance. The Wheal Hughes Company has at Cowling's shaft what is supposed to be another bunch of ore of a similar description to that which created «uch a furore in the mining world. About fifty tons have been raised during the past fortnight at this shaft, of the same rich quality that has been sent away during the past three month. The lode is six feet big, and is going south. A finer sample than that now coming up has not been tg^onthe Peninsula. At Andrew's shaft pay uot yet been reached, and at the new workings the lode, though very promisiug, does nptjfitffeear ore. 5'.IPl^shares i** the prospecting company lately St Moonta have all been taken up, and zen men will commence work next week. en at work on the property of the Hamley Company have cut a lode at eleven Jwhich is positively stated to be a con-1 ^of Bowers' lode from the Moonta Com *jS$^iapperty. The indications are considered mostiavorable. A handsome two-storied edifice has jjut been erected by Messrs Taylor and Sellars, of Port Wallaroo, forMessrs G. Iff. &W.; H. Birks, of Moonta, matching well in external appe&raneethe; National Bank, next to the office of which it is. The ground floor, which is 26 feet by 17, is the shop, the fittings of which are cedar throughout» and the window is made with whole lengths of plate glass. At the back there is a good bedroom and kitchen, whilst over the shop is one large room, which will be fitted with a movable parti tion. Underneath is the cellar; and the whole' building is one of the handsomest shops on the Peninsula, if it does not carry away the palm altogether, it is decidedly an -ornament to the town. At the engine-shaft or No- 3 of the Paramatta Mining Company, what is either a continuation of the same, or a similar bunch of ore to that. which has proved so valuable to the Wheal Hughes Mine, is being worked, end a large amount of valuable ore is being duly sent to the surface. At the No. 2 shaft, at the twenty-two. fathom level, the same course of ore has been struck, thus proving that it runs the distance of from one shaft to the other through the Com pany's property. Enormous stones of solid ore are being raised at both of the two shafts, weighing several cwts. each. At the No. 1 shaft' driving is being continued towards the boundary of the Wheal Hughes Company, and although the men have fifty feet further to go, they have met with some stones of a precisely similar character to the magnificieut samples recently raised from the Wheal Hughes. The Compauy has recently sold 250 tons of ore to the Burwood Smelting Company, Newcastle. It is said that" the Moonta Mine never before looked so well as it does at the present "time. Those portions of the property which h&ve; been ae yet scarcely touched, are, now that men are at work upon them, promising to equal if not surpass in richness the older workings of the Gompany. A. better supply of laborers has been obtained, but there is still room for many more practical miners. The mining township is said to be very thickly populated with the regular workmen, and those who have been engaged lately. With the increased number of hands -employed a much larger amount of ore is being araised, and will be, than heretofore. Our friends in Mount Gambier are becoming emi nently practical, and the question they are now try ing to solve is, how to make the best of the pro .jcefids of their wheat crops this year. The Standard and Watch are rendering them useful assistance by | publishing a hill of sale of wheat shipped to Eng land, showing the gross costs and the net pro | ceeds. From this it would appear that the expense upon shipping wheat would be about 2s 6& per bushel, supposing freight to remain at the same figure it then was. Supposing wheat to be worth 7s per bushel in London, this wbuld leave to the shipper about 4s 6d per bushel-not a had price certainly. But, then, the Standard, says that freight is rising in Port Adelaide^ and this may disturb calculations. The real disturbing element is the fact that from 1856 to 1866, wheat was not worth above 5s per bushel in London. That it has been worth nearly double as much since is owing to the disturbances in America, by which hundreds of thousands of cultivators were destroyed, and millions of acres went out of cultivation. In process of time, and very soon too, America will supply England with an unlimited quantify of wheat at 4s per bushel, delivered at Liverpool. If any man means to base his calculations upon an English market for wheat, he is simply hastening on to certain ruin. What are termed instructions to Mr Goyder^ facetiously, we presume, inasmuch as they leave Viim to do exactly as he likes, have been laid on the table of the House, and we reprint them in another column. According to his " instructions'» Mr Goyder can go to the Northern Territory, and survey how, when, and where he pleases. He nan accept M'Kinlay, Finniss, or Cadell's verdict as to the best site for the as yet prospective township, or he can survey land without consult ing anv of the authorities named, the order holders, or indeed anyone but his own sweet will. The order-holders must open their hands, and blind their judgments, and take what G-oyder surveys for them, or take their money. It is unnecessary, says Mr Cavenagh, for me to lay down any definite rules for you. Quite, we should imagine, and perhaps something rather stronger than unnecessary. Possibly it would have been useless also had the Hon. Commissioner ? chalked out a course for the Surveyor-General.: The probability is the latter would have chalked out one for himself, and only followed out the former as far as it agreed with the latter. How ever, Mr Goyder is gone, and good luck to him, we say. Should he use proper diligence, and be half as energetic and. successful as his friends predicate, he will survey a territory for which there will be few if any residents,-some hundreds | of blocks of land, the order-holders for which will I have demanded and received their money. Should tL's be the result, and if fortune smile upon Mr Goyder's effort®, we shall be curious to see if the prophecy hazarded in that paragraph in Mr Cavenagh's paper, which tells us the. accom plishment of the surrey cannot fail to be highly creditable to Mr Groyder and his staff, will be fulfilled. - 