THE MONSTER DIAMOND; OB, "HAVE YOU SEEN THE STONE?" Air, " Have you seen the Ghost ? " Our town and state has been of late work'd up to fever heat, You hear bystanders loudly prate in knots about each street; They rush about,—they rave and shout,- -their frenzy knows no bound, And of the diamond they spout—in Armidale 'twas found. All round the town, in every voice and tone, The first thing you hear is, "Have you seen the Stone ? " To work a new excitement Mr. Townsend did contrive, With the Brobdingnagian diamond to keep the game alive. My loving wife late caus'd some strife, and much my feelings hurt, Neglects the house and grieves my life,— leaves buttonless each shirt; For meals I wait; I curse my fate; I'm querulous I own; But, when I growl, she cries elate, " Dear, have you seen the Stone ?" All round the town, &c.; Of Sarah Jane, I must complain,—I loudly her abuse; She's got the di'mond on her brain ; she buys the "Ev'ning News;" Deems work a bore, and spells it o'er;—each day more reckless grown, I warning gave,—she cried, " Oh Lor 1 Sir, have you seen the Stone ? " All round the town, &c.; Than my friend Brown there'6 not in town a better sort of chap ; One day, when George Street strolling down, he roll'd against me slap ; His clothes awry,—" What's up ? " said I, with wonder in my tone, Quoth he, "I shay—ole fler,—allri,—I've had lunch with the Shtone ?" All round the town, &c.; With lengthy hair I did repair, to have my locks well cut, To Barber Jones!—he plac'd a chair, and would have shav'd my nut ; He soap'd my head,—I cried with dread, " Your senses sure have flown!" " I hask yourparding, sir," he said, " but 'ave you seen the stone r" All round the town, &c.; I t'other day a call did pay upon my tailor Snip, And order'd a new suit of grey; he seized me in his grip; Said he, " How's shares ? " said I, " Who cares ? " said he, " I thought you'd known; I wouldn't pry in your affairs,—but arn't you seen the Stone r" All round the town, &c.; A cab I hir'd as I required to go a mile or more; The cabman's fee I mild inquired—he charged the fare twice o'er; I paid the sum, and, looking glum, told him he should atone Before the beaks; sneer'd he, " Old chum, just go and see the stone !" All round the town, &c.; To make my woe quite overflow I met old Bloggs just now; I thought for once I'd have first go; we nearly had a row;— " Dear Bloggs, do tell me true," I cried, " the di'mond you've been shown ? " He roar'd, "You stupid ninny, you, it's nothing but a Stone!" All round the town, &c.; Though I feel warm I don't wish harm to anyone I'm sure; But if some one don't break this charm much more I can't endure; Another week to Tarban Creek will send me off to moan My cruel fate, and when I speak I'll howl about the Stone! All round the town, &c.; THE "DIAMOND."—There can be no doubt whatever that the finder, Mr. Townsend, got £400 in cash for the stone, and that he was a very lucky fellow.—Empire. THE J. H. P.—Our readers will be glad to learn that this handy little steamer pushed up to Mundarlo in safety, and is now busily taking on board a cargo of flour at Booking's Farm. The water is now unfortuuately falling, but as the snow will soon begin to come down, an early rise may be looked for, and the J. H. P. will then get up steam, and push downwards for Hay.—Wagga Wagga Express. ECHUCA MEAT PRESERVING COMPANY.— This company publish in their prospectus the following evidence:—The Times of the 6 th April says—"So thoroughly is the meat now becoming appreciated that every tin of beef and mutton has been sold, and the agent of the company has now on his books orders in anticipation of future arrivals to the enormous extent of 630,000 tins of 41b and 61b each." This order alone, averaging the tins at 51bs each, will give a total of 3,150,0001bs of meat or 157,000 sheep producing 201bs each. The European mail of the 23rd April, states— " That the Lords of Admirality have accepted a tender for the supply of 200,0OOlbs of Australian Preserved Meats." The Australasian of the 12th June, remarks:—"If pains are now taken to maintain a constant supply of a really good article, and if all inferior meat is kept out of the market, the new channel of wealth will surely lead to fortune." —Sydney Punch. 