THE GHOST IN No. 16 CABIN. What, have yon' let No. 16 Cabin sgain ?'' 'Yes ; to en army chaplain.' 'Well, he ought not to be afraid of e ghost.' The above little conversation took place in a ship ping office in Leadenhall-street, between the agent -nd captain of a Blsckwslllndiaman. No. 16 cabin on board the Duckinehumshire had the reDutaliin of being haunted. ' No occupant of No. 16 ever com filetsd the voyage in it, Abeut a fortnight after eaving Gravcsend or thereabouts, in latitude 30' N. longitude 20' W., the inmate ef No. 16 cabin would invariably be looking out for a few minutes' private conversation with the captain, who gent rally knew what was coming. I say the inmate, not the inmates, because the cabin, being only half the usual size, formed a convenient berth for b passenger travelling by himself. It wsb also situated on the main deck, end waakept for gentlemen only. Generally No. 16 would commence his story with a sheepish sort of Bpology. ' 1 know you will think what I am going to say very absurd, captain ;' or '* I am afraid 1 shall appear very ridiculous, but there really is something odd about that berth of mine.' I he captain, in a good-humoured way, would laugh the thing off, and No. 16, thinking hirmelf rather an idiot, and wondering what had come to him, would persevere for a day or two more. Then he would come again and say that at first he thought he might have been mistaken, but now he was quite sure— and he would ask tbe CBptain to find him another berth. 'But my dear fellow,' the captain would ask, 'what is the matter with the place ; ie there anything very terrible ?' 'No, nothing vtry terrible, but a great deal 1 very uncomfortable and very unaccountable, ' Have you seen anything r' ' No.' ' Have you heard anything ?' 'I rather think I have.' 'Why, what?' 'Oh! noises.' Eoisesl' ' Yes, noises. I have heard sighing — deep, long-draw n sighs, and sob bing, at the very head of my bunk, just where the pillow iB.' ' It may be he wind, or the waves, or the rudder, or the creaking of the timbers. People are always fancying they hear things at sea. I knew an old lady.' ' Well, captain, never mind the old lBdy. I positively decline to sleep in that berth any more.' ' Well, if you won't, yeu won't, and thtre's an end of it. I suppose I must do what I can to find you another ; but it's very in convenient.' Another berth would be found but at tbe same time the vacated one was not filled up. Why should it be ; it would only have been the same tale over again. ' The chaplain took up his quarters in the above cabin. For the first fortnight he was much afflicted with sea sickness, as chaplains, I believe, generally are. But after that he picked up , and grew very hearty. He was a cheerful, companion able, kind of man, neither young nor old, with a strong undercurrent of seriousness and good principles ; one who could either speak or held his tongue as the case required. He had had bis eweet and bitter experiences of life, and knew altogether more than a casual observer might he disposed to imagine. Com mon-place enough, not striking or flashy ; but never theless the poor acknowledged him as a friend. ' As the ship get into or about the spot we have mentioned, the captain at breakfast time began to regard the chaplain with an air of curiosity. One of tbe first symptoms of anything going wrong in No. 16 cabin was usually an indifference to that meal. But Bruce, that was the chaplain's name, continued to take his meal after he had once began, in a comfortable and regular style, like a man who had a reasonable cnjj iy ment of the good things of this life. This went on for another week, till at last Bruce seemed to look a little graver than usual. He did not appear the least scared or oppressed; in fact, there was an air of tempered satisfaction about bim which puzzled the excellent commander of tbo ship. Well, he thought to himself, either there is no ghOBt at all, or Bruce bes made its acquaintance, and it is not a bad ghost. I will a.-k him about it. So, sesmanlike, he went straight to the point. *? Mr. Bruce, have you heard anything in your cabin? anything unusual, I mean.' 'Yes, I have.' 'So you have heard something r' 'Yes; but nothing will ever be heard in No. 16 cabin again.' ' Should you like to change your berih r' ' No, .on the contrary, I am heartily glad that I took 'that par ticular berth?' This -was at dinner; all the cuddy passengers pricked up their ears, and looked from the captain to the chaplain, and back again to the cap tain. ' So you have found the mystery out,' said the captain, 'and the cabin was not haunted at all-' ' It wbb haunted, but it is not haunted now.' ' O do tell us all about it,' said a lively Iiisbwoman, who always sat next the captain. ' Do now, Padre, dear.' ' Well, I will think about it,' said the Padre; ' at present I do not see why I should not.' That evening, when the cuddy lights were out, and some of tbe passengers sat on deck, willing to ex change the cool breeze for tbe closeness ot their cabins, the chaplain said, 'I will tell you about the ghost. ' Is it a gentleman ghost, or a ladv ghost ?' tittered somebody. ' O ! a lady ghost; but there is nothing to laugh at.' '? Four nights ago, just as I had turned in, I heard a deep sigh close to my pillow, and I seemed to dis tinguish the word ' unhappy,' uttered in a tone of deep distress. I reasoned myself into the belief that the sounds might proceed from some one in 'a berth above me, or that they were only some of those fre quent noises which are so inexplicable to landsmen at sea. So I went to sleep. The next bight I kept a bright look out with my ears, if I may be allowed the phrase. I heard first the sighing, then the sobs— then most unmistakably the words — ' Unhappy that I am ; will you not listen to me? Will you, too, fly from a poor unhappy girl, and leave her bound in misery to roam over the world wherever this ship spreads its sails to the wind? Are you afraid? I am too wretched to harm you, if I wished ; and too gentle to wiBh it. I know your name. It is Bruce. You were curate of that little Berk shire village where my father and mother now live, ana you have often heard my sad story from the neighbours there ; but you have Dot heard the truth.' This was rather a long address for a ghost to make. But I did not interrupt the sounds of her in expressibly beautiful though mournful voice, which was s mixture of the murmurs of s shell and the soft breathings of an JEolian harp. When she cpased, 'No, lam not afraid, J I said, 'and if lean be of . any service to you I shell be truly plebsed.' Rather . a common-piece style of talking to a ghost, but I did not feel . frightened, and, strange to say, the whole thing , seemed natural to me — as natural as if I had been talking to any person in one of my clerical visits. ' A pale luminous mist began to fill tbe cabin, and a woman slowly shaped herself out of it. She was Bitting on a low chair, with her head between her hands and her elbows resting on her knees. Her long . rich hair fell over her shoulders, and forward in frfmt of her hands, ? and made her face a darkness from me.' She said, in low murmuring tones, which came half stifled through her fingers and hair, 'Now the hour is come when all my weary sufferings are pearly ended. I have made, as you see me now, many voyages in this ship. Every voyage I have endeavoured to find some one to listen to me ; but all, alas ! shrank from -fbe poor unhappy spirit except yourself. Ten years ego 1 ljft my home, and was secretly married to an officer in the' Brmy. His regiment was ordered to India. He premised me that if I would accompany him he would there . announce our marriage, to his friends and mine. He took h;s cabin ostensibly for his baggage, but be brought me into it unnoticed the day tbe ship sailed from Grevesend, when there was sli the stir and cbmmotion of many coming on board to bid faiewell to those whom they might never see again. The key was always carefully turned upon me. How shall I go on with my dreadful history ? Here he promised me— me who had trusted and loved him alone— who had foreakeu all for him. But this is my grief— this is why I hdve haunted continually the scene of my miseries. My parents do not know that I ever was married. They think of me as a poor miEguided girl, — as one who gave up friends end home, and virtne, without a pang,. Above all their grief for my departure is their grief for what they conceive to have been my ? sin. Li'tle do they know tbeir poor daughter's heart and all it cost her to leave them ! Little do they know the claims of deception which were wound around her, and oh ! a woman's love helped to bind more firmly. We were married in the little Berkshire village of 11 ? on tbe banks of the Thames, and my husband's name wes Csptain E., of the — — Regiment. He is new Major E., and is in Calcutta. Premise me that you will procure tbe certificate of my marriage from the clergyman of R. Promise me that yeu will mike known to my parents the circumstances of my marriage. Say to them thst I died in my passage to Jndia, but not how I died. I shall, from ibis lime forward, be hsppy. Do not ask me how or where, but 1 shall be happy. Then she raised lier head from her hande aid turned upon me 'the Btarlke sorrows of immortal eyn' in which the light of happiness was alrtudy beginning to beam. The tame luminous mitt again' filled the cabin, and she seemed to fioil out of it upwards with a smile ot joy. ' This ie my story, and tbe cabin is haunted no longer.' Note by Mr. Brace. 'When I arrived in India I fulfilled my task, writing home to the little quiet village where I had bun curate the above particulars to the poor girl's pi lent'. They immediately searched the registers o( R church, and found the entry of their daughter's marriage to Captain E. In India. I saw Major E. I atked him about the ship Buckinghamshire, and cabin No. 16. He turned pale and left me abruptly. By these corroborating circumstances, X know the gbost spr ke the truth.' Goeford, November, 1869. 