SYNOD OF THE DIOCESE OF GOULBURN. I TJIB following is the address delivered by the Bishop of Goulburn en the opening of the Synod of that diocese, on Thursday :- ','".".. " MT Reverend Brethren the Clergy, and my brain lenthoLaity.-In the last session a general feeling prevailed and even a resolution was moved, that the Synod be not summoned until 1870. The recent conference however, of Australian bishops, and their published minutes, have demanded a different arrangement. I have according convened the present Synod, chiefly for the purpose of submitting the episcopal uxoEOsitions, for an expression of our opinion before a. * .:_"f ii," Prince! Round The following fort. general Synod for the entire province of Australia. 3\. The establishment in Australia of a general tribunal for the Church in the said province. 4. The formation in England, of a council of reference for the whole colonial Church within the British Empire, 2\. The establishment in Australia of a tribunal for the trial of bishops. " 1. The mode in which bishops should be appointed for the Australian dioceses. " The existing mode of appointing Bishops in the Church in England is well known. The Crown, acting in concert with the needs of the Church, exercises the right of appointing bishops and commanding the con- secration. And, since we are a part of the Church of England, I see no reason why the Church of England in New South Wales should desire to depart from such an arrangement, or to deprive the Crown of this prerogative of its supremacy, when we can retain the advantage of it. " Originally bishops were chosen by the clergy and people. But in process of time, when their numbers increased, this was found inconvenient, because turoultB were raised and murder committed in the excitement of a popular election. Three hundred per- sons were killed in one such election. To prevent the repetition of so great a crime and Scandal, the Christian emperors become responsible for the appointments and this method has continued in the Church of England to the present time. i "With regard to the subject of the division of dioceses in England, the course pursued in the formation of the last new diocese-that of Manchester clearly shows that the Crown and the Legislature are required to act together in such cases. "In January, 1847, the Crown by letters patent constituted the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, and others, a special commission for considering the state of the several bishoprics in England and Wales. Mr. C. K. Murray, late of Sydney, was appointed secretary. In April, the commissioners presented their report to her Majesty, proposing the re- distribution of the dioceses of St. Asaph, Bangor, and Chester, and the founding of the new bishopric of Manchester-the suggested territorial limits of which were set forth. But within the United Kingdom the re-arrangement of the dioceses can only be effected by an Act of Parliament, and without this re-arrangement no new diocese could be formed. Accordingly an Act was passed in July to carry into effect the recommendations of the special commissioners. And in AugUst an Order in Council recited the recommendations of the ecclesiastical commissioners for England (to whom the matter had then been referred and humbly laid before her Majesty a scheme for founding and endowing the Bishopric of Manchester * * upon and from the 1st September, 18-17.' The commissioners . further proposed that a certain territory should be made and be constituted, and became from the 1st September (following), and for ever thereafter to be called and known by the name of the diocese of Manchester. Whereupon " her Majesty in council approved of the said scheme, ratifying the Burne, and ordering and directing that the some and every part thereof should be effectual law, immediately from and after the time when this order should have been duly published in the London Gazette," and thus by the authority of the Crown, under the sanction of Parliament, the diocese was created. In October the first bishop of that see was appointed by the Crown, and by virtue of the letters patent which he then received," he obtained the power of exercising jurisdiction in accordance with the Acts of Parliament in that behalf provided. i " Thus it is evident, from the legal documents which have been quoted, that her Majesty, as Sovereign of the realm and supreme governor of the Church, was the acknowledged authority for the whole proceeding. It was by her Majesty's letters patent that the first step was taken and it was by her Majesty's Order in Council that the bishopric was really founded, and a territory assigned to the bishop as his diocese. In this case, as in all others in England, jurisdiction was not conferred by the Crown through letters patent alone, but was obtained by the laws which were in force, giving effect to the letters patent of the Crown. The Bishops therefore, of Sydney, Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasmania, in conference, wisely agreed, in November last, in the opinion that, as long as it is practicable, letters patent assigning to the bishop a territorial sphere of action should continue to be issued. " "And with regard to New South Wales, so long as the Crown is willing to exercise the prerogative of appointing our bishops and issuing mandates for it their consecration, and also to continue the course heretofore pursued in the division of dioceses, for my own part I should be disposed to refuse my sanction to any proceedings which pointed to a different arrangement. I It is true that there are some in positions of eminence, who have assumed' that, by the decision of the judicial committee of the Privy Council, the Crown has been pronounced incompetent to exercise the prerogative of its supremacy in the appointment of colonial bishops. This is an assumption which I cannot accept, because a competent Law Courts mean the Rolls Court of Chancery has prone anced a , judicial opinion entirely at variance with such assumption. And it is our wisdom to respect this ex- position of the decision of the Privy Council, so long til it remains undisturbed by the judicial committee itself, Officers of the Government may neglect, but they cannot nullify, such an authoritative interpretation of the law. " Nevertheless, in the event of the existing mode of appointing bishops and dividing dioceses in the colonies being abandoned, or being pronounced by competent authority to be impracticable, but only in that contingency, it might be wise to devise means for future arrangements. With this view, the conference of the seven bishops express an opinion that saving the rights of the Crown, it would be desirable in the event above supposed, to make arrangements through the organisation of the diocesan synods for the selection and appointment of bishops and for the formation of new dioceses. " You will be requested to give your assent to a pro- position that the subject be referred to the provincial synod, in the terms in which it is expressed in the episcopal minute. 2, The second topic for our consideration is the constitution of a general synod for the entire province of Australia. " Some misapprehension exists on the question of provincial synods, their limits, their powers, and their relation to diocesan synods. We, of this diocese, have been blamed for adopting the phrase ' Provincial Synod of New South Wales' which was first employed in our diocesan conference. We had been looking forward to the time when there would be a metropolitan bishop and a province in each colony, and therefore suggested the limitation of our own provincial Synod, which was to be formed under the constitutions, to the colony of New South Wales. These constitutions were not framed with any reference to dioceses in other colonies. And we shall have in our existing laws and regulations, and in our dicctBan and provincial synods in the colony, all that "we require for the management and good government the Church in New South Wales. In this respect, and so far as we are concerned ourselves, there is no seed of reference to the Church in other colonies. We wish to be united with the Church at home, and that is sufficient for our own purposes. "Butforthe preservation of unity among the several'" branches of the colonial Church, it has been considered necessary to suggest measures which would have this object in view. The conference, therefore, express an opinion that it might be desirable to constitute a general synod, which should consist of the bishops and representatives of the Church in the several colonies, that is to say in this colony, of representatives from the provincial synod. The object of such synod would be-first, to maintain the relation of the sea . of England in Australia to the Church at home and in the various colonies (that relation being under- wood to be one of identity of doctrine and worship, was of subjection to the law of the English Church. so as 88 it is applicable to a Church not established by a,. ' , to secure unity of discipline between the several branches of the Church in Australia to lorne regulations on any matters affecting the well ting of the Church is the province of Australia, such regulations to take effect in the several dioceses proof as they be not "disallowed by either clergy or laity a fine diocesan synod in the session during which they I'd been mtn,«,t.,.i..j 32 v under an overseer communicated to such synod. Among Sienf,"ufncll0ns' the general synod would be author "as a metropolitan court of appeal to frame a formation of new processes and provinces, and for the confirmation and consecration of newly elected bishops to communicate with the authorities of the Church at home and in the various colonies and to promote general intercommunion between the reformed Episcopal Churches. " If such a general synod be eventually formed, it would perhaps be necessary for this synod now to provide that any regulations which might be framed therein should not be binding upon the diocese until they had been formally adopted by the synod itself. " 3. The third proposition submitted to us by the seven bishops has reference to the establishment in Australia of a general tribunal for the Church in the province of Australia. " If tribunals be formed in the several dioceses, it might become necessary to constitute in Australia a tribunal to which an appeal in any case involving question of faith or worship might be carried from the decision of any diocesan tribunal, or of any bishop. But it must be borne in mind that such tribunals, whether diocesan or general, would not be courts of law, and therefore would not finally dispose of legal questions ; because they could not debar a clergyman at any stage of the proceedings from the right of appeal which he may at present possess, through the Supreme Court of the colony, to the ultimate decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, " There is room for inquiry, therefore, whether a machinery, having no validity of law for its constitu- tion or decisions, might not after all encourage litiga- tion and whether it might not fail to give satisfaction. There may be many who might prefer to rest upon the decisions of recognised courts of law, and o' Judges who were less likely to be mixed up with theological disputes. Nevertheless, if there be dioceses which desire such an arrangement, it may be our duty to avoid placing obstacles in their way. "4. The formation, in England, of a council of re f renee for the whole colonial Church within the British empire, is our fourth topic. "Now, it must be evident that, if a general tribunal be eventually established in connection with the Church in each cluster of the dependencies of the British Crown, for example, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, the Canadian Dominion, &c;, great perplexities might arise if these several tribunals should arrive at different decisions upon the same questions of doctrine and discipline. To prevent such an anomaly, the episcopal conference states that it would be desirable that there should be in England, I presume by the sanction of Parliament or some corn I petent authority, a council of reference for the settlement of all questions upon which such various decisions might have been declared by the several colonial tribunals, and for the preservation of the unity of the whole Church and that the decision of the council of reference should be binding upon all the general and diocesan tribunals, unless a judgment for -VArinrifn tenth it- Firmly he announced his name ". ,_..-*." ".." .. "away..,, ww r.v..vuuvi.» J ?»"" court ecclesiastical in England. " 5. The minutes of the conference further recommend that the general synod should be authorised to constitute a tribunal for the trial of charges against a bishop. " imagine that upon this question no variety of opinion will be found, and that all the members of the synod will agree to recommend that this minute be a" subject of joint reference to the provincial synod. ? " An important inquiry has been raised whether the constitutions under which we are convened, and authorised to deliberate, are legalised by, or receive legal sanction from the Synod Act. In the first clause it is expressly enacted that for all purposes connected with, or in any way relating to the property of the Church, the constitutions, and rules, and ordinances to be made under or by virtue or in pursuance thereof shall be binding upon the members of the said Church sound I have carefully examined the several constitutions, and cannot discover anything which does not in some form and degree resolve itself ultimately into a question which has relation to property. " The regulation of the affairs of the Church, the election of churchwardens and trustees, holding of trusts, the granting or withdrawing licenses from clergymen, the trial of offences by clergymen, are all intimately related to the question of property. And I cannot conceive of any colonial or imperial Act which could be expected to grant us power or authority for any other purpose whatever. If property were not involved we should not have needed an Act of Parliament and because the idea of property runs so minutely into every question connected with discipline and the management of our affairs, and with the tenure of office by the licensed clergy, therefore the power of the Act seems to me to be interwoven into the very texture of the constitutions, and to give them all the legal force which is necessary. " Before concluding. I would express my regret to the Synod for having been obliged to occupy their time and attention so much in the discussion of topics which have only a remote bearing upon the practical work of the diocese. It would have been more agreeable to my wishes and feelings to have considered the wants of the diocese itself, with reference to the sustentation of the clergy, and the need of more extended support to our Church Society to enable it to aid in filling up their num- bets when vacancies occur, and in erecting the ire quired churches and parsonages throughout the diocese. " We meet on a day (Ascension) when our Church joyfully commemorates the triumphant close of our Lord's earthly ministry. Seeing then, that we have a great High Priest, who is passed into the heavens, let us hold fast our profession and let us come boldly unto the throne of grace, and implore the King of Glory to send to us His Holy Ghost to comfort and bless us in our own souls, that we may walk in pureness of living and truth to guide us with his counsel in these our deliberations, and in all our works, and in the end to exalt us unto the same place whither our Saviour Christ is gone before." 