NEWS OF THE WEEK. THK Hon. the Premier, and tho Minister for Works left Sydney on a Ministerial visit to tho Hunter Hirer I)i*triat on Monday. ON WEDNESDAY a resolution, authorising a month's supply on the scale of 1869, was granted to the Ministry to defray tho expenses of Government up to tho 31st instant. A CRICKET MATCH has been arranged to take placo in Sydney, belweon the officers of tho Galatea and the black cricketers. Tho match will be played some, timo in March. . * " PUB DROUGHT has at last broken up in the Darling Downs district, and there is now every prospect of there being plenty of grass for the winter. . . ? ? '. Tris FOUNDATION stone of a new Baptist Churoh, on the Balmain estate, was laid on Saturday last by J. B. Bolin. TUB WIFE of tho Kev Mr Olden bf Bathurst was struok by lightning on Thursday week, but fortunately she was not very seriously injured. A COMPZIJIBNTAHY Concert was given to Miss James on Tuesday evoning last, at tho Temperance Hall. Tits CRICKET Match between the Alberts and Maitland clubs resulted in a victory for the former with seven wickets to spare. v THE DIBBCTORS of tho St. Leonard's Penny Saving's Bank held their annual meeting on Saturday, Alderman Woolcott occupied the chair. ON SUNDAY morning while "the poor" wore p'artak ing of tho usual breakfast provided for thom at the Tompcranco Hall, a man who had been seated at ono of the tables suddenly foll to tho ground and expired. ON the same afternoon a young man named Boresford was severely injured fay being kicked in the face by a horse that ho was leading. A SEVERE THUNDERSTORM passed over the district of Windsor on the 20th instant, doing much damage to crops, and killing and maitring live stock. ON Saturday last tho whaling barque "Offler" pul into Eden for tho purposo of landing James Shephard, the chiof officer, whoso leg had been broken by a whale that had been captured. Tho Oilier reports haring spoken several whalers,' most of whom had been very successful. A MooNuaiiT Concert was givon in the Domain, on Monday evening, by tho band of tho 60th, under the conductorship of Mr Gassnor. Tho proceeds, from this wero handed over to "the fund of St. Vincent's Free Hospital. TUE SiioitT hand class at the School of Arts has been resumed, the pupils will be under the tutorship of Mr R. D. Russell. FnEPABAiioHS aro being made to commence building tho now City Bank, in Pitt- street, opposite tho new Post Ofllce. TUB City Coroner held an inquetfc on Monday, con. corning the death of a young woman named Ann Jock» eon, who, it appears, died from injuries received .through being thrown out of a cart, which had come into violent collision with an omnibus in ElizabctU-st.' . - '", Tho Bev. Mr Quinlivan, of Port Macquarie, was drowned whilst bathing off tho rooks on Friday the 22nd. Tho body has not been recovered. BY TITS MAIT, WO learn of thu sudden death, in Califor- nia, of Mr Moffatt, Attorney, lato of this City. IN ADELAIDE tho Corn Market has an upward ten- dency. SIGNOR ANTONI of thc Italian Opera Company, who loft Sydney somo limo back for San Franciso with tho Lystor Troupe, died at soo on tho 10th of Octobor. "ON THURSDAY tho Annual Meeting of tho Members of tho Benovolont Society of N. S. W. took place. Tho Präsident, tho lion. E. Deas Thompson, occupied tho chiar. A NEW CeitrANr has purohasod tho aunkon Stoamcr» City of Launceston, and intend to make anothor effort to raigo her. TUE MAIL from Carcoar to Bathurst was stuck-up on Wodnosdoy by two Bushrangers. Tho robbers aro known and. the police harp gone in pursuit. OK TUESDAY the Premier laid tho foundation stone of the Flood Gatos at Maitland. IT is said that tho iiftBjmor Mullan}-, who was instru- mental in convicting Barratt for tho Olerkenwell outrage, has arrived in Victoria. THE CRICKET MATCH botween tho Bathurst and Military and Civil clarens, resultod in a v:otory for the former in one innings and nina runs to spare. A ZiITTliE BOY, eight years of age, named William Holmes, fell off Jolly wharf and was drowned, on Tuesday. A WELT, ATTENDED " Major's Parade" took placo in tho Domain, on Saturday last. A MUSICAL and literary entertainment was girou by the St. James' Social and Literary Institutoon Thursday evening. THE MEHDEUS of No. G Company V.A. held their annual meeting on Thursday cvoning, at tho Hydo Park 'Bnrraoks, for tho purpose of electing a committoo and officers for the present year, and statement of accounts. Tn« MUDGEE TURF CLUB.-Tho members of the above club held their nnnnal mooting on Friday wcok. Although the attendance was not largo, considerable in- terest wo» . evinced in tho proceedings. Mr George Walker occupied tho chair. The secretary, Mr Highson, read a very favorable report of tho progress of the club. COUNT VOW ATTESTS.-A correspondent writing from Batavia, under tho date 10th December, say, " Cuunt von Attorns has confessed, and is to get a severe sen- tence. His yacht, the Hamlet's Ghost, has, I. believe been sold for about £2C0. On his way to Java he Bred into a vessel for not showing her colours, and aftor his arrest he insisted upon the Austrian Consul sending to dingapjro to intercept an Austrian frigate and order her to come and affect his release.'' A boat, containing four persons, was run down by the schooner, Edith, off Bradley's Head on Tuesday morning. Throe of them could swim, and managed to keep afloat till assistance was rendered them, but the fourth could not, and would have been downed, hud it not been for thu courageous conduct of a cent loman on board tho schooner who jumped overboard and rescued him. 