SOME ACCOUNT OF A SLIGHT MISTAKE. I must look like a great many differ- ent people. At various times in my life I have been wept over as a long lost brother; arrested as a well-known burg- lar; exulted over a prodigal son; toadied to as s popular politician; shot at as a notorious border ruffian; mistaken and kissed by affectionate and good looking daughters as a heavy father; thrashed as a false lover, and run away from by peo- ple who regarded me as the ghost of some dead man or other. And now here is a woman who swears I am her truant husband, and who has proclaimed the fact so loudly that there is a fair prospect of my serving out a sen- tence in jail for the crime of bigamy. I was sitting in the parlor of the hotel at Oldcastle, Delaware, the other day, talking with some friends, and there was a hatchet-faced female, with two children, looking out of the window at the other end of the room. Directly she turned around, looked at me for a minute, and with a wild cry of delight sprang forward, flung her arms around my neck and kissed me about sixty-four times. Draw- ing back indignantly, as soon as I was able, I said in my severest tones: " Madam what is the meaning of this outrageous conduct ?" " Oh, my dear William, have I found you at last? Oh, my dear, dear Wil- liam !" And she commenced strangling and smothering me again. "Madam," said I, sternly, " you may have found me at last, but I want you distinctly to understand that my name is not dear William,"—for I was mad. " Oh, William," says this scandalous female, still hanging on to my neck and mussing my shirt collar, " Oh, William, do you not recognize your own fond Maria? Do you not, dear William ?" " No, I do not recognize my own fond Maria, dear William," was my reply. " I never had a fond Maria of my own in all my born days, and what's more I don't want one either. You'd better go and lie down, you don't seem well." " Our dear children know their father," said this. wretched woman. " Come here, Mary Jane and Matilda, and kiss your loving pappa." Then both of her brats pranced up and grabbed me by the trousers and wanted me to kiss them. "Why, you two children don't pre- tend to say I'm your father, do you ?" " Oh, yes, you are our dear papa," said both of these depraved youngster. "Why, you scandalous little story- tellers !" said I, " ain't you ashamed to tell such an awful fib? Don't you know where wicked story-tellers of your age go? Let go of me, or I'll larrup you till you can't stand; I will upon my sacred word and honor." " Oh William dear," said their mother, "you surely remember the happy, happy days of our courtship, when beneath the soft moonlight we walked together by the side of the murmuring stream, and whis- pered the soft accents of affection ?" "No, I don't remember any such thing, and I never did it either. I never walked out in the moonlight; I never heard a stream murmur in the whole course of my life, and I always was down on the soft accents of affection. So you see there's no use of bothering me." "And do you not recollect the time when you first came to our home, and sat in the back parlor with me, until father got mad and walked in and kicked you down stairs ?" Of course I don't I'd have smashed him on the nose if he had kicked me, you can bet. I wouldn't have stood any of his nonsense. I tell you I'm not the man., "And then next day my two brothers met you in the street, and because you had won my young love, tackled you and thrashed you nearly to death? Do you not remember this, dear William ? "I tell you my name ain't William, and I don't know your relations or their heft or how they are on their muscle, but I'll just bet you never had a brother or a cousin, or any other relation, who was able to thrash me. I don't want any of your family fooling around me. I'll flog a whole mass meeting of them. Now go away from me or I'll call the land- lard," said I, for this woman begun to get aggravating. "Oh! William," says she, "you have forgotten all that happy past, I am afraid. But surely dear, you can call to mind Jim Sykes, who was your rival for my hand, and who used to come round of evenings and try to sit you out, and who made you so mad, by his attentions to me? You remember him, don't you, my dear Wil- liam ?" "Madam, if you mean me by that phrase, I don't. If I had been courting you, and had had a rival, I would have backed squared out and given him all the chances. I would have done worse, I would have given him ten dollars to go in and win, and take you off my hands, and considered the money well spent. I wish Bill was here now, I do, indeed. Spose'n I send for him ? shall I ?" "O no dear, it's of no use, we are married now." "If we are, I'm a dutchman. I'd rather be in the penitentary on a life sentence. If I were married to you I'd blow my brains out with the very first horse-pistol I came across, and make a will to keep you from going to the fune- ral: I would indeed." "Oh, William," says this' annoying female, "you are trifling with me You certainly remember the night you seized my hand, and, with trembling voice, asked me to be yours? And you know how I blushed and bowed my head upon your bosom and wept tears of tender joy." " I certainly don't remember any such ridiculous thing. I don't believe you can blush to save your life, and as for butting around on my waistcoat with that bandolined head of yours, I'd see you in Kansas before I'd allow it." "And then," continued she without noticing my remarks, "you took me to the altar and made me your bride, and led me away to our happy, happy home, and—" " I'd like to lead you over the pier into fifty feet of cold water some time." " And then our friends loaded us down with presents, tokens of their heartfelt affection." "I never got a cent's worth off any of your miserable friends," said I. "I don't believe any of them ever shelled out a dime either. Blow me if I do. "And then as our memories go back over the sweet past, we cannot forget when our first child was born, little Mary Jane here, and you were pretty near crizy with delight, and had to eat your dinner in the kitchen for nearly two weeks, while the nurse nearly bullied the life out of you. Ah, I remember it so well." "But I don't. See here, madam, this is getting serious; let go of my collar, will you? I've got an engage- ment with a man around the corner." " William, my husband, why do you treat me thus coldly ? Try to recollect something that occuirred in our once pleasant home. See if you cannot recall the times. I caught you kissing the hired girl in the entry, and discharged the huzzy the very next day." "Woman, I have no recollection of the circumstance, but I can readily ac- count for such conduct on the part of any man, if you were the only other female about the house. I wouldn't kiss you for the whole national debt." " Or perhaps you can remember, the night you came home intoxicated, and I flew at you this way with the broomstick and beat you ?" And the woman actually hauled off with her parasol and aimed a violent blow at my head. I jumped behind a chair, and then made a dash for the door, and succeeded in escaping. But what does this preposterous female do but walk right down to an alderman and swear that I was her husband, and have me arrested? A more barefaced outrage was never perpetrated upon a human being, and the worst of it is, that everybody thinks she is right, for there does seem to be an intrinsic probability that every woman knows her own hus- band when she sees him. The trial comes off next week, and who can tell whether my next article may not be written in a felon's cell?" 