PACTS AND SCRAPS. DEATH, OF A NOTED OLD ANOLER.-Houost John Roberta-best bf angle» and musí una>sumlng of men-bade farewell to tho troui led waters of this Ufo on Tuesday, Nov. 3, and his remains wera on Thursday interred In tho Carlisle Cemetery. Ile had reached the 82nd year of his life, yet his three weeks of suffering previous to his removal to tho iiiürmarr, only a week beforo his death, was tho longest period of illness that he had ever experienced. "Bristol John," as ho used to i e called, was born at the town which gave him tho sobriquet, migrated Into tho neighbourhood of Carlisle as n farm serrant moro than sixty years ago, and soon afterwards settled down in the city as a butcher. But though butchering was his trade, angling was lils occupation: tho sport was lils great passion, and apparently the ono object of his existence, at a timo when tho disciples of Isaak Walton wera few and far between. John was a man of immensa physical power, no d übt, with limbs well knit, and muscles of iron ; but even his strength must havo given way had it not been stimulated ny his ardent lovo of the object in view. To walk to Barron Wood- a distance of 12 miles at least-ere jocund day had ap- peared on tho misty mountain tops, to wield his 10 ft aiiiglu-hnnded trout-rod for many hours, until ho had filled his pannier and his pockets, and then to walk back to Carlisle with his load, was nothing to him. ¡le hos accomplished what the majority of anglers would call this " feat " during the fly season for six days running, and nt the end of that timo found that ho had averaged his 2ulu a day. After catching 1001b waight of salmon he has necn known to carry tho produce of his day's work for many miles for sale-for lils powers of endurance seem to havo been un.imittd. If the silent solitudes of Barron Wood could find voice, what pleasant tales thoy could tell about honest Old John whisking lils long casting Hue, with Its eight or nine hooks attached, right across the stream, and often drawing forth lils four or five trouts at one haul. lu nil brunches of fishing he wu* most export-but especially with roe, when that bait was not illegal ; and his delicate touch and " ready stroke" were quito remarkable Ito was a man at once modest and retiring, but either at the water side or in tho chimney corner, when lie had " Billy " in his hand-he used to warm up with the recollection of hts experiences, and become very talkattvo about them. In later years ot courso, younger and moro active men out- distanced him, but tho Angling Association presented him with a free ticket, as tho " father of the craft," and he continued to tish and to dress his own hooks until tho duy of his illness.-Carlisle Journal. A YANKEE ADVOCATE.-The following specimen of n sprcad Caglo lawyer's eloquence needs no comment :-.' Gentlemen of the jury, the Scrlptnres saith, ' Thou shalt not kill 1' Now, If you hang my client, you transgress that command as slick as grease, and as piump os a gjose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder ls murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble Individual like my client having killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen ; you may hiing the prisoner In guilty: the hangman may do his duty; but that will not exonerate you. No such thing. In that caso you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day Ï Who, freemen who in this land of liberty and light ? Gontlemen, I will pledge my word not one ol you has a bowie-knife or a pistol In lils pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets nra odoriferous with tho perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoko tho tobacco of rectitude in tho pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly nlUgators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until tho spinal vertebra of your anatomical construction ls turned into n railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gcntlomcn, beware of committing I tin- ware, I say, of meddling with the otornal prerogative I Gentlemen I adjure you, by tho manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder, 1 adjure you, by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking time-piece of Time's thoretical transmigration, to do no murder 1 I adjure you, for thc love you have for tho esculent and condimcnt.il gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no.murder I I adjure you, by tho stars set in tho flying ensign of your emanci- pated country-I adjure you by tho American eagle, that whipped the universal gamo- cock of creation, and now sits roosting on tho magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder I And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect free dogs not to bark nt you-if you over expect to wear boots iimdo of tho Bocky Mountain buffalo-and, to sum up all, if you over expect to bo anything but a set of sneaking, loaring, rascally, cut.throatcd braided, smalt ends of humnnlty, whittled down to indlstincti bility, acquit my cUent, and save your country," Tho prisoner was acquitted. 1'ERILB OF A PEARL-DIVER.-A pearl-diver had plunged Into eleven fathoms, in tho expectation of Untiing some pccuiarly linc pearls. He was pursuing his search, when seeing tho wnter sud- denly darken, he iookod un, nnd to lils horror beheld at some dis- tança above him, a huge shark, leisurely surveying ull his move- ments, and evidently intending tc make u prize of him. The diver mado n dart forward towards a rock, where ho thought that ho might eludo the eye of tho monster, and then sprang up to tho surface ; hut the shark shook his tall, and fol- lowed quietly, hut with tho same evident determination to cat bim the moment ho rose. As under water time is everything, and the direr had only to choose between being eaten alive and being suffocated, the thought suddenly come into his mind to puzzle hts pursuer by a contrivance in which, whether he remembered It thou or not, the cuttle-fish has tho merit of originality. He threw himsolf upon the ground, and with the stick which nil divers carry, began to muddy the water. A cloud of mire roso between him and the shark ; he instantly struck out under cover of tho cloud, and when ho thought that ho- llad cleared lils enemy, shot up to tho surface. By great luok ho rose In the midst of tho fishing-boats- Tho people, accustomed to perils of this kind, Baw that ho must have been In danger, and commenced splashing with their oars and shouting, to drive tho shark away ; they succeeded so far as to save their companion, and tlie diver was taken an hoard, almost dying from tho dreadful exertion of remaining so long lintier water, .CHARACTER op TURNI-IKE-KKEI-EIIS.-By this lime the coach bad reached tho turnpike at Mllc-lind : a profound silence pre- vailed, until they had got two or tlireo miles farther on, when Mr Weller, tho driver, turning suddenly to -ir 1'lckwick, said. " » orry queer lifo is a pike-keepers, slr," "A what?" said Mr Pickwick. t'A pike-keeper." "What do you mean by a plke-kcoporl" . "The old one means a turnpike-kecpur, gcn'lmln," observed Som. "Oh,' said Mr Pickwick, "lsoe; yes, very curious Ufe. Very uncom- fortable." " They're all on 'em men os has met vith some dis- appointment in life,'' said Mr Weller. " Ay, ay t" said Mr Pick- wick. " Yes. Consequence of vich, they retires from tho world, and shut themselves up in pikes ; partly vith tho view of being j solitary, nnd partly to revenge themselves on mankind, by takin* tolls." "Dear mc,"said Mr Pickwick, "I never know that be fore." "Fact, air,"said .Mr WoUcr: "if they wiw gen'lmln, you'd caU 'om misanthropes, but as it is, they only takes to plko keepln'."-J'Ukwiek Papers. j HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS havo cured Ulcers of thirty year's standing.-Ur W, Hargrave, of ClanwlUIam, Capo Good Hope, suffored from a bad leg. which defied every kind of treat- ment ; ho hud tried ovary nvallablo remedy to euro lt for thirty years, and lt only brcamo worse, rendering him a complete object 1 of misery to himself and all around him. Ho was recommended 1 by a friond to-comincnca using Holloway's Ointment and Pills ; nt first ho wos.rcluctant to do to, but by peiauaslon ha at last cou- > serited to give them a trial, and fortunate for him that ho did, for by Persevering with these ramadies'for ton weeks, hs was com- 1 plefely cured, although he hud suffered almost a martyrdom for ' upwards of thirty years.-ADVT. 