TEMPERANCE PICNIC. On Friday last (New Year's Day), a large number of friends of the temperance movement in this city spent their day by a private picnic party, which was held at Bluff Head, near the islands on the Hunter River, and which had been organized solely by the members of the Temperance Brass Band, in Newcastle. The yicaSUlc-auunulTl trcLD lAfUVCrcu ill uuuu) im uuu above locality — which is, without exception, one of the moat pleasant spots that could be possibly selected by excursion parties to beguile their hours away in real happiness — which they reached in safety about eleven o'clock. No time was lost in effecting a landing, and the party — at least, that which constituted the mascu line portion of it — at once set to work with a ?will to temporarily erect a spacious marquee for the purpose of protecting the fair excur sionists from the powerful influence of the rays of old Sol, who peered forth in all his resplen dency. At lengtn, tins vrowe oeing properly completed, various exhilirating diversions,' such as cricket, football, and other pas times were introduced and indulged in until ono o'clock, at which hour the hilarity, which had been carried on so energetically, terminated for a short period to afford the party time to partake of a little re freshment. Beneath the awning which had been previously fixed, was spread a large supply of alluring delicacies, and for which a healthy recreation, in a beautiful spot, coupled with the effects of the auspicious weather, and the cool bracing sea-breeze that was blowing throughout the day — induced a vigorous zest. After some time had been spent in discussing the quality of the many good things so bounti fully provided for the comfort of the inner man, the company at length recommenced their sports, which, on this occasion, were continued until evening, with such agility as KMt to forbodo a little stiflness on the coming mor £9Sj row. Throughout the day, the members of KK|| the Temperance baud performed a number of InU their choice selections of music, in their usual HHi style of excellence, and this, it cannot be dis fi|||J puted, contribuiedinuo small degree to the suc mm cess of the proceedings in connection with this IPli picnic. The ladies likewise, at intervals, sang feUH several verv wrettv nieces, which were reinark |jjj ably well rendered by them. As the shades of Pa evening were now coming on, it was found Hal necessary for all to be making active prepara jH| tious in order to return to Newcastle. After HJ a very short ? delay, the party embarked on PJ board the boats, and left the Bluff on their llj homeward voyage, which throughout was en W\ livened by the band playing appropriate airs, H and concluding on their nearing the wharf In near the A. A. Company's shoots with ' Home, . Eg sweet home.' Tho whole of the excursionists « then dispersed to their respective homes, evi W deutly gratified at the manner in which they had spent the day, throughout which no acci dent had occurred to mar the enjoyments of the party. The New Year. — The New Year was ushered in with a carnival spirit in Sydney ; the streets being crowded with young and old of both sexcb, who enjoyed a moonlight ramblo through the city, thus shakingoffallunpleasantrominiscences of the past year. In the direction of Phillip struet, North; several rockets were sent up, the bells of St. Mary's Cathedral sent forth a joyf al pual, and many persons resorted to Macquarie streot, having been led to believe that some de monstration of a political significance would be made. It was thought that tho intention had been abandoned iu deferouco to the feelings of a band of worshippers who were assembled at that, hour at devotional exorcises at St. James's, under the presidency of the Bishop of Sydney, and at numerous chapols within the city watohnight Borvicos were hold, and all the places of worship were well attended. About half-past twelve, however, a troop of persons were seen carrying a live representation o£ ' tho ghost' of Mr. Parkes up thu street, and they remained in front of the Assembly Chamber for nearly a quarter of an hour, ultimately taking their burthen to other places in the city. Tho band of the South Syd ney Hides paraded the principal streets, in uni form, playing military airs, and several improm ptu organisations of musical corps with bells, concertinas, and acuordeons were miido. The German band played some of their choicest selec tions of music, at the principal points of attrac tion, and thus in various ways 1809 was opened on the one hand with becoming reverence, and on tho other was welcomed with hearty and rap turous greetings. — Empire. Attempted Rodbeuy of the Goulbukn Mail. — Wo are informed by Mr. Eamnuol Miiudelson, who was a passenger by the mail from Goulbnrn yesterday, that an attempt was made by an armed bushranger to ' Btick up' the coach at the rise of a hill about ton miles on this side of Goulburn. About half an hour after midnight yesterday (Thursday,) morning, tho bushranger emerged from tlio scrub, and ordered ' Jim ' (tho driver of the coach) to ' stand.' 'Jim,' thinking that the man wished to bo a passengor, was ruining in his horses, whon tho bushranger fired oft' a revolver, probably with a viow to enforce- his peremptory summons. The driver immediately lashed his horses into a gallop, and they dashed up the hill at a rapid rato. The ruffian does not appear to have tried to overtake tha mail, and probably any ofi'ort to do so would havo provod futile. Thero were four passengers iu tho coach, two of them ladies, . and tho wadding from the bushranger's revolver entered the coacli aud set firo to one of tho ladies' crinolines. Beyond the consternation arising from tho fooling that ono of tho party had been shot, no harm resulted. Tho scrub at the place is' vory thick, and the locality of tho affair is known as 'the UBual sticking-up place ' on the Goulburn road. But for the circumstance that there wore no firearms is the coacli, and tho fuot that the assailant was supposed' to be a mun who wanted to becomo a passenger, it is not unlikely that a bettor account would now bo given of the marauder. It was moonlight at 'the time, but the fellow' s faco was hidden from viow by a slouched hiit pulled over his forehead. The bushranger is described, us a man of stout build and short stature. He was dressed in moleskin trousers nnd a pea jacket. Makuiagis on a Death-bed. — Fiction in tho popular novels of tho day makes many marriages undor extraordinary circumstances, but sober truth may bo more wonderful than romance in matrimony as iu lovo and war. An instance of this occurred on Monday lost in Boharm, in this neighborhood. The minister of the parish, tho Itov. Mr Murdoch, a worthy pastor of about threescore and ten, confied to his bod by a disease which, it is said, his medical attendant had told him must be fatal in a few days at most, resolved to take unto Tiimsolf a wife before leaving this world, in which lie had lived a bachelor. Miss Stewart, ah assistant teachor in the district, about twenty years of ago, was sent for to the manse, and consented to the marriage. A justice of the peace was next sent for, and tho couple were married by him in tho presence of witnesses, tho bridegroom sitting in his bod. This is a cose of ' romance in real life,' which has had fow equals iu Scotland.— Elgin Courant. £ Reinstatement of Mb. Duncan.— By reference to an { ? artiole copied from™ e Evening News, headed !' Offioial and Parliamentary,' our reafprs will observe that the present Government have re-instated Air. Duncan, in hlsofllceof Colleotor of Customs. A bill is to bo brought before Parliament, in which the House will bo asked to ? superannuate Mr. Duncw. s 