CORRESPONDENCE. The Begging System.—"An Annoyed Citizen" complains of beggars troubling him at his house, and says he was under the impression that such persons could be taken up and punished. He is quite right; but the Magistrates (as he may find by consulting Mrs. Glass) must first catch their hare 1 before they can cook it. Be has only to lay an information, or furnish the police with the means cf doing so, to ensure the Jaw being put in force. As regards the chant a le beggars to whom lie separately refers, he need only, we imagine, request them to discontinue their calls, and they will hardly trouble him again. "Prussia."—The census of 1S32, the last of which we have any notice, shows tiie Kingdom of Prussia to have contained 11,293,27ti Protestants and 6*.907,<JO(J Koman Catholics. "Veritas."—A resident at Kingston writes to contradict the statement that the Governor's horse at that place fell and threw his rider. All we can say in reply is that our reporter was informed at Lacepede Bay that the horse stumbled in the sand and brought h:s rider down; the accident did not come within his own observation. "J. 1). Sutherland, Mount Gambier."—Our reporter was present on the occasion, and confirms the remark ot the Boi-dsr Watch in every material point. "Jickling's Ghost.'*—Whether His Ghostship spoke seriously or sadly he has had his siy, and we do not see that any benefit would ari«e from his riding a joke to death, or breaking a fly upon the wheel. " Subscriber."— It is impossible to answer a general question such as that contained in your Ic ter. Under ordinary circumstances, of course, we should reply in the negative, but there may be special oues which would justify the course you refer to. Suppose, for example, that a ratepayers' meeting passed a resolution restricting the Council from some particular course which the Act ex pressly empowered them to take, they would no doubt he Ic-gallF justifief in disregarding such a re solution. The only way to solve your difficulty with any certainty is to lay the whole facts before a professional man. " Matiuwalkininna The de'ails are under the direction of the Postmaster- General, and he does not arrange for parcels to be taken beyond the Blinman. "E. 8. A."—The letter is by no means devoid of merit; but we should not lis able to find space at present for 6uch a discussion as its publication might introduce. The writer may have it back as requested by sending to our office. "Stirling East."—Not exactly so. Begin about tes centre, and let the second and third lines run down towards the right-hand corner, which is the proper place to finish at. A single line should be about the centre. " Caution."—All must join if they are living. 