MEMORANDA.. The promoters of the new local Building So- ciety, to be known as the South-Eastern Perma- nent, &c.;, have made arrangements to have their head office at Bank Buildings, Junction, St. Kilda, which will be opened in a few days, and where pro- spectuses can be obtained. T , e Moss's lecture on "The Life of bill be resumed to-morrow evening. His gtje?? will be " Christ raising the daughter of p~sj from the dead." Beare informed that Mr. T. Davis has been d to supply the pulpit of the Soath Yarra CptisClurch forthemonthofNovember. He will ah there for the first time to-morrow evening. emorning service will be conducted by Mr. c]lisn Bryant, the pastor of the Bapt:st Church, rge.street, Fitzroy. Courts Benevolence and 'Marion, A.O.F., ",ounce a grand concert, to be given in the Town li, Prahran, next Wednesday evening, in aid of -o benevolent fund of the United Melbourne :trict. Amongst the performers we note the es of Mesdames Fox and Shaw, and Miss .kscher; and Messrs. Donaldson, Angus, and err, Miss Lowcock will be the pianiste. We m nd this concert to the patronage of our It seemed' at one time as though there was ing to be a repetition last Saturday of.the heavy ansthat prevailed on that day week. Fortu tely, however, though much rain fell, we were taled tie.floods of the previous week. Still the ither was sufficiently unfavourable to put al olt a?complete stop to all out-door amusements. e volunteers monthly parade had to be post aned, and none of the numerous cricket matches k plce. The Brighton Horticultural Show ered greatly, both in the number of exhibits dvisitors. Inconsequence, it was decided to open it on Monday, but this supplementary ydid not, we fear, make up for the success twould have been secured bad Saturday been Lovers of church music will be interested to learn that on Monday, which is All Saints' Day, there will be a full choral service at All Saints' Church, St. Kilda, in the evening, when the choirs of St. Peter's, Melbourne, and All Saints' (the only surpliced choirs in Victoria) will be present to do full justice to the occasion. The service will cosist of a choral service by Talis, anthems by Wesley and Spohr, and the usual offertory music. Mr. J. Summers and Mr. J. A. Edwards, the organists of the two churches, will preside, the former as precentor, and the other as organist. The Rev. H. H. P. Handfield and the Rev. J. H. egory, the incumbents of the two parishes, will oduct the services. To-day will be the first of the programme of eSpring Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club he Melbourne Cup will be run for next Thursday. tis to be hoped the weather will be fine for is all but national holiday. With reference to the paragraph in our last re ecting Cranbourne Church, Mr. Tucker has ritten to a daily journal stating " that the land as private property when granted by the Govern ent as a site for the Church, and that I informed he Church committee of the fact, that they re erred my information to Mr. A'Beckett, whose ply to the committee was that I was in error. (fer which the grant was accepted and the Church was buill." SRobert M'Kay, who, it will be remembered, ale a short time ago such a murderous assault en his wife in Chapel-street, Prahran, was tried atthe3l:lbourne Criminal Sessions on the 22nd inst. He was arraigned on two counts-(1) with slabbing with intent to murder, and (2) with stabbing in order to inflict grievous bodily harm. The evidence for the prosecution was mainly a 'epetition of what was given at the police court inquiry, and wiMthli we fully reported at the time. Prisoner was defended by Mr. Aspinall, who in 'forcible address to the jury, contended that his (prioner's) act was entirely unpremeditated, but that, smarting under the ill-success of his offers oreconciliation, he had then committed the as ault complained of. This defence seemed to have its weight with the jury, who only found M'Kay guilty on the second count, accompanying their Verdict with a strong recommendation to mercy. On the following Monday the prisoner was brought ep again, and sentenced to five years' imprison ment witl hard labour. The fashionable anusement of archery, which hlasbeen for a long time in abeyance in and around lelbourne, appeare about to be revived by the elie of South Melbourne and South Yarra. A apnilelub has been formed, and an application was ?att to the City Council, at its meeting on Mon , for the permissive use of a portion of Thkner Park, for tile use of the tfoxopholites. te ibth Committee recommended the grant Ste request, ci the condition that it be th( ring the pleasure' of the council," and "that Ce uttsbe so placed that there shall be no danger p?ersolm Possing along the footways." A first and only menetiig was held in the In dont Court, on Tudsday, in the estate of Theo i.e Batye, of Prahlran, commission agent. A simall <'ebts were proved, and the meeting The Popular Readings at the Prahran Town-. hall on Tuesday evening proved no exception to he general rule, for the entertainment was a success both as regards the performance and the attendance. R. A. Billing,, Esq.,' presided. The portion of the programme most worthy of notice was, perhaps, the " Closet Scene" fron " Hamlet," in which Mr. Vaughan enacted Hamlet, Miss Ryder the Queen, and Mr. Campbell the Ghost. Master Martin recited "The battle of Marston Moor" and took the part of Gaspar in a scene from " The lady of Lyons" in a very effectihe manner. Miss Ryder appearing as the widow ielnotte in the same scene, and Mr. Martin ati Claude. Among the vocal gems may be classed the ' Marsellaise," by M. Tournois, two songs by a lady amateur, and " The brook," by Miss Shstrpe. The audience, in many instances, showed tileir appreciation of the fair cantatrices by a shover of bouquets. The powerful voice and maniulation on the piano forte of Mr. Reeves were greatly admired. The inimitable Dwight was recalled again and again, and responded in a goodhýamoured manner. The band of the Southern Rifle' played " Ring the bell, watchman" at the commencement, and "God save the Queen" at the close of the evening's amuse ment. Oo Tuesday next the St. Kilda Amateur Christy Minstrels will make their first appear ance. Miss Castella, : Mesdames Pett and Peryman, Messrs. Adkins, Tournois, Callender, Carey, Burgess. and others still take part in the entertainment. Mr. F. W. B. Matthews will take the chair. At the" Prahran Police Court on Monday the license of tho Royal Arms Hotel, Peel- street, Windsor, was transferred from Charles Sparkes to Mary Elliott ; that of the Westernport Hotel, Wellington-street, from Joseph Hyndman to Bridget Murray; and that of the Waterloo HIotel, Wellington street, from Mary Conway to Walter Wragge. Notice is given that; a Special Court of Petty Sessions will be holden at the Court-house, Oakleigh, on Saturday the 30th day of October inst., at half-past two o'clock p.m., for the purpose of appointing a person to fulfil the office of pound keeper at Oakleigh. The discovery of gold in Pralhran, which some few months since caused' so much commotion, and unfortunately turned out to be only a hoax, makes us somewhat suspicious of similar announcements. So without vouching fbr the truth of the sub joined paragraph, which we clip from The Argus, we give it for what it is worth:-" We under stand that gold has been found on the property of Mr. Alfred Watson, Orr6ng 'paddock, Toorak. It was discovered in a sort, of cement reef, which in places appears on the iturfac. A portion of the stone, which was tested by Mr. Birkmyre. gave a. return at the rate of 2oz. 12dwt. per ton." Messrs. Connell, Watson, and Hogarthi have kindly made a present o'f i chest of tea to the comt mittee of the Prahran snd South Yarra Ladies' Benevolent Society,; foi distribution among. the poor of thlat district. The receipt of this hand some donation is thankfully acknowledged. A telegrl.m from Sy'dney announces that the Rev. George Mackie, of South Yarra, has been received here by the Presbyterian Assembly of New South' Wales as 'the Melbourne representa tive of the church in Victoria. Local Insolvent.-Robt. B. Gow, South Yarra, squatter and sheep farmer. Causes of Insolvency -from loss' by death of 20,000 sheep, occasioned by the severe drought of 1868, from being unable from the residue of stock and wool to pay the working expenses of station, depreciation in the value of station property and stock so much be low the amount for iwhich the same were mort gaged, from the mortgagees having taken posses sion of the mortgaged property, from the refusal of insolvent's agent in Melbourne to pay the station. orders drawn for wages and current ex penses, and inability'to meet current expenses Liabilities, £38,867 13s. 7d.; assets, £11,584 13s. 7d.; deficiency, £27,t81. Mr. Courtney, official assignee. A considerable numnber of persons, notwith standing the unfavourable state of the weather assembled at the Grosvenor Hotel, St. Kilda, last Saturday afternoon, to witness a half- mile foot race between seven amateurs, for a first prize ,of £25. and a second of £10. The competitors were Messrs. Mahoney, Cronik, Watson, Ford, Riley, Maude, and Poynton ; the entrance-fee being £5. Mahoney was a strong favourite, being 'backed at even against the field, and Watson and Cronk found some supportirs at 2 and 3 to 1 respec tively. Almost any odds could be obtained about the others. The course was.half a mile along tihe road, near the' Balaclava railway station. An ad journment to the test-groutd having taken place, the competitors, witld the exception of IRiley, who withdrew, prepared for a start. On the signal being given by Mr. Price, Mahoney secured the lead, which he maintained without difficulty for the first few hundred yards, whet Watson tern porarily deprived him of it. It soon became evident, however, that Watson was getting ex hausted, and before thie railway bridge was reached, Mahloney again went, to the front, atd won easily by about 10 yardsi tc!ronk was second, Maude third about a dozet yards behind, and Poynton fourth. The others did not come in. The increase in the traffic returns of the M. and H. B. U. Railway Company for the Wieek ending October 20 over thelcorresponding period of IMt year, was £88, I 