AN ASSASSIN IN BERLIN .CATHebRAL1. , The following: accpant of an attempted murder is given by the Berlin, correspondent of the London Times: — " I believe in God the Father; j, God the 8op.,and ,G.od the. Holy Ghost.? " Yog lie j" <j A allot, a'crv. eeneral commotion,. Qn - S u nday, , Aug,' S, in the presence of a numerous congregation, this sacrilegious scene was enacted in tpa patbpdral Church of Berlin. Tho Rev. U. Heiurici /vassland- ing before the altar reciting tho Belief/when a young man, rising from a front seat, and interrupting the clergyman, gave him the lie, ahd 'at ohce'discharged a pistol at his head. The next moment lie was in the hands of the sexton, and quietly suffered himself lo bo led away to the vestry. A portion of the congregation, seated at a distance, having only heard tho report and seen the curling smoke, without any definite notion of what was going on, immediately began to move towards the dooy, aud created con siderable tumult ; but thoso near tho altar, who had been witnesses of the' daring attempt retained their seats. In preserving their composure they hut . imi tated the noble example of .the clergyman, whose life hod just, beep placed in such jeopardy. ' The Rev. H. Heinrici was unhurt ; nor had the moral firmness of the man whose body the ball had missed been shaken. No sooner had the trying interlude, tho details of wliioh' seemed to havo been observed with terrible distinctness by those near, ooine to,' an end, than the intended victim calmly resumed read; lug the Creed, and wjth redoubled' fervour pro claimed the Belief, the utterance of which had iinx perilled' his life. After this the service vyos con tinued in accordance with the prescribed ritual. The Rev. H. Henrioi left the n)tar, when the Rev. Dr ICogel ascended the pulpit and preached a sermon iu which ho introduced a passage expressive of his thanks to' God for the miraculous escape of his clerical brother. Quiet had' been speedily restored ) and the greater portion of the congregation, agitated as they were by the most powerful emotions, left the church only after tho final benediction. In the meantime the criminal had been conducted by a policeman to tbe nearest station,' and examined by a superior officer. To all tho questions put to him ho replied with the utmost frankness and composure. 