THE OPEN COLUMN [No letter attended to unless verified by tLe name and address of the writer. No manuscripts returned. Correspondents must be prepared in all cases to take the legal consequences (if any) resulting from the publication of their letters.]^ "WITH JUST ENOUGH OF LEARNING TO MISQUOTE." To Southey's Ghost in Hades, per Express: . . . .and Telegraph— ... Dear Old Dob—sou should try to exchange newspapers with some other ghosts down below, and then you would see from the " Hansard " report in last Wednesday's Register that I did not quote the-Terse in question-as—from the "JDevil: on Two Sticks/', hut from; Porson's "Devil's Walkand you really.hiust not scold me for. the mistakes of reporters orprinter*. • ,r Iknow there is a friendly, dispute, ainonar Person and Coleridge and" you as tb:which: of you is the author of the lines, and if you will kindly show this note to the other .two ghosts', you can settle it among yourselves; -but" my private opinion is that you and Coleridge. both cribbed the idea from Person, originally. I fear the ' excessive heat" of Hades has had "an injurious effect upon your brains"., and memory, or.you would not have, forgotten that-' the .second line of the verse .is. printed among your own "poems as " A cottage of 'gen tility," and not "An emblem of gentility," so that it is unfortunate that you should say that the first expression is "utterly meaningless," and I do not think your taste canhave improved since you left us. I am sorry that I did not give the third line as I believe it ought to be, "And the- devil did grin, for his darling Bin," &c.;, as it might haye pleased, the "Treasurer: better, but we don't ! "go in" for poefaqr in the House of Assembly. ' ' ' . .'"V; : 'Tours fraternally," LAYINGTON GLYDE. Saturday. P. S. -rBy the way, Bob, you head - y our note "With just sufficient learning .'to,'mUquote;" and that is another proof of the effect of the heat clown below; for the proper quotation from Byron-is—" With just 'enough:of learning; to misquote." And really,.. Bob;., you knpw.^hiose who live in glass .houses "should) tnof othrow b tones, especially when their own - panes are; so very large. : ' ; i '• 