WjÍjz Courier* PUBLISHED DAILY. WEDNESDAY, MJ.HCR 10, 1869. Tnu agitation which was commenced some weeks ago by a. portion of tho rate- payers of Brisbane on the subject' of Muni- cipal management, can scarcely fail to be productive of beneficial results, and indeed there is already some evidence of the good effects which have been produced by this investigation into the financial position of the Corporation. The Mayor and Alder- men have been stirred by it into greater activity (although they are not willing to admit the fact), and the attention of the public lias been directed to the proceedings of the Municipal Couucil in a more direct manner than has hitherto been the case. There is nothing like a little healthy agita- tion to keep representative Governments up to tlie mark, no matter whether they are Legislative Assemblies or Municipal Councils, and if the present'movement liad been commenced three or four years ago the Municipal affairs of Brisbane would have been in a much moro satisfactory position at the present time than they arc. The very essence of effective Representa- tive Government is for the governed to take an active part in all public questions which come up for discussion, and it is because the ratepayers of Brisbane have hitherto neglected to do this that the affairs of the Corporation havo drifted into such utter confusion. So far, there- fore, the promoters of the present agitation arc deserving of countenauce and support, but unfortunately this is all that can be said in their favor. No matter how vehemently it may now be denied, the bulk of the ratepayers will never bo convinced that the present at- tempt to oust the Corporation was not instigated by mere personal feeling against tho Mayor and a number of the Aldermen -principally, however, against the Mayor. "What is the history of tho whole matter ? A fow gentlemen-ratepayers of course objected to Alderman Hardgrave being Mayor last year when the Duke of Edin- burgh was about to visit the city, and they never forgave him for accepting tho office. A few weeks ago tho shops on the western side of Queen-street, between Albort and Edward streets, were inundated twice within seven or eight days by a heavy fall of rain and obstructions in the creek between Queen and Adelaido streets. A number of the sufferers by these doods, some of whom, by the way, wero the per- sons who had eutertained the strongest objections to Alderman Hardgrave being Mayor the previous year, called a public meeting for the purpose of considering what could bo dono to remedy tho evil. Tho Mayor and Corporation were condemned at this meeting for their supinenoss ; a memorial to the Muni- cipal Council was drawn up and seat in, and a deputation was appointed to wait upon the Council nnd support the prayer of the memorial. Tho deputation was not received, and this was regarded as a further grievance. These same gentlemon then proceeded to nominato persons as candidates for Aldermen at the annual elections which were close at hand, but the nominations wero pronouncod informal and were rejected accordingly, to the intense indignation of the nominators, who, there- upon, endeavored to force tho Mayor and Corporation to accept their proposals, by obtaining counsel's opinion on tho subject. They also failed in this attempt, and Alder- man Hardgrave was again elected Mayor, when this happoned they turned round, expressed tho utmost friendship towards His Worship and the present mombcrs of tho Corporation ; but prepared a memorial to His Excellency tho Governor, praying that tho action of tho Municipal Council bo sus- pended until the Corporation was out of debt, and that in tho mcantimo tho affairs of tho municipality bo administered by a Commission appointed by tlio Government, Now, when it is romomborod that tho principal actors in all those proceedings ave the persons who havo all along been an- tagonistic to tho Mayor and Corporation, it is impossible to avoid tho conclusion that they havo boon instigated by personal feel jugs merely, and that tho indebtedness of tho Corporation was an after-thought and last resource, to create a public feeling ng.iinst tho Town Council, and get thom out of offico. Tho liabilities of the Corporation wero aa: great twelve months ago, when Mr. Hemmant allowed himself to be made an AÏderman, as they are at the present time, yet he did not resign the office on that account, neither did ho take any steps at that time to enlighten the ratepayers on the subject. So also in reference to the other members of the "Rate- payers' Committee," Messrs. Mac Doxnell, Coote, and Fraser;-they are all old residents, and could not have boen ignorant of tho state of the Corpo- ration affairs twelve months or two years ago, when interference was more impera- tively needed even than it is at the present time; but somehow they allowed matters to take their own course until the present time. Mr. Fraser certainly deserves the credit of being moro single-minded than any of his coadjutors in this matter, as his remarks at the meeting of Monday last willprovo; and the fact that the other members of the committee refused to endorse his sentiments, only tends to ex- hibit more clearly the real animus of the promoters of the agitation. The proposal to hand over the manage- ment of the Corporation to a Commission appointed by the Government is so palpably absurd that it is not likely to find favor with the majority of the ratepayers, and had better be given tip at once. The Waterworks Board is perhaps on tho whole as good a Commission as it would be possible to appoint, and yet it is only some twelve or eighteen months since indignation meetings were held to protest against this "irresponsible" Board having control of the Waterworks, and Mr. Hemmant was at that time one of the strongest advo- cates for having the Waterworks handed over to the management of the Corpora- tion. Under Municipal Government the ratepayers have a direct control over the Municipal Council whenever they choose to exercise it, and all the difficulties under which the Corpora- tion is now suffering have been brought about by tho carelessness or neglect of the ratepayers. But if a Com- mission wore appointed to manage the affairs of the Corporation, they, as Mr. M'Maii trulysays, would then have their mouthsshut. The Commission would only be responsible to Parliament, and out of 32 members the Municipality of Brisbane sends only five, so that it would be practically impossible for tho ratepayers to exercise any influence whatever over the action of the Commis- sioners, because the jealousy against Bris- bane is so strong, that the city members would always be left in hopeless minority on any local question. This is supposing that a Commission would be granted by Parliament, which, by the way, is some- what doubtful. Tt would not be desirable for the ratepayers' committee to resign their functions at the present time, al- though their memorial may bo, and ought to be rejected, negotiations are pending between tho Corporation and their principal creditors, and it is desirable to wait and see the issuo before anything else is done ; but the Committee could do good service by watching the matter very closely, and keeping the citizens well posted up in all matters of importance. Tur conçoit in nid of the Witkhnui tonuco Anglican Church oigan fund, nt tho School of Ait«, last ovennig, was a deudtd success lhoio was a good attendance and tho piogrnmmo seemed to gno ontno satisfaction to tho au dionco Tho selections wtio oxolusiuH fiom Handel's ointono "Tho Mossiuh," and Haydn's " Croatiou " Whero ovciything was so veil dono it 13 almost invidious to paiticulanao, but it ia onl) simplo juatico to sa> that the ehoiusoa woio woll Buatamod, and givon with gieat pro cisión and ollcct "lho Htiivena aio Telling" was admirably rondorcd, and nlao tho ' Hallo lujah Chorus" at tho end 'lho gem of the ovoning, howevor, waa tho mi fiom "lho Mos eiah," "I I now that mj Rcdeemoi Lnoth," m winch Mis Atkinson's nch, full so prano voico had ampio acopo lho oiortuies on tho organ, woio well rondoiod by Mr Paul Atkinson, and chcitod tho approbation of tho audience in a most unmistakablo manner, and tho rceitntnoa " Comfoit yo," nnd " lhoioncio Shephords," weio woll appicciatod It has boon some timo siiico Mr and Mia Atkinson appoarcd boforo n Brisbane audience, but wo trust that tho success of the conçoit last night will mduco thom to give us nnothor ontor* tiiimucnt boforo long, and, m ai ranging tho pro gramme, wo hope Mia Atkinson will besot dow n for a numboi of little ballads If a con cert of this kind is givon, it requires no prophot to pronounco that it will bo successful Al tho Contrai Pohco Court, yostordny, Murj Ann Green, 25, was brought up foi vagrancy, and sontoncod to soi on da^ s' lmpri sonment Ti ancis Duncan, 30, a colored man, waa btought up on wauiint charßtd with assaulting Juno Dono\nu, a woman who had boen hung with lum Sho swoio that she was in four of hoi hfo fiom lho mimnor m winch ho had threatonod hu lho prisouoi was bound over lo koop tho pouco foi thrto mouths, him aolf in t'10, and two suietioa of £10 oach, in default, ono months' impnsonment Two mon who ouch fined for dmnkonniBs and disoidorly conduct lho Gorman, Albeit Ruugoit, who is ohiugid with oruoll} ill using his child, was ngnm biought up and remnndod Hiero aio auteuil witnoaaoa in tho cuso who hvo at a dis tanoo from town, and thoro ia, therofoto, some diflloulty in procuring their uttondunco A meeting of tho member« of the congregation of tho Wiokham-torraco An- glican Church was hold yesterday afternoon at tho School of Arts to considor tho stops it would bo uocossary to toko to ro-build tho church. It appeared from a statomentrcad at tho meeting that it was found necessary to mako much groator additions and repairs than wero originally decided on. It was nfc first pro- posed to lengthen tho church and raiso the walls, but on examination it was found impos- sible to carry out that plan, as tho walls wero found to bo constructed in'a manner equally discreditable to tho buildor and architoct of tho building. They have had in consequence to bo pulled down, and tho whole church will, in fact, havo to be re-built. Tho trustees have accepted plans prepared by Mr. Suter, who estimates that the new building will cost £1100. Mr. Garrick was appointed to rcprcsonfc tho congregation at the meetings of tho trustees. A wish was ex- pressed by «orno of tho parishioners that tho Itov. B. E. Shaw should bo requested to resign his trusteeship, as ho is no longer resident in tho colony. " Competition is tho soul of trade," says the old proverb, and certainly competition between rival steamers is a good thing for traders and travellers. It no sooner became known yester- day that tho Havilah, s., was to call at Bock hnmpton than tho A.S.N. Co. had placards posted all ovor tho town stating the Clarence, s., would take saloon passengers for Rock- hampton at £2 per head, and steerage pas- sengers at £1. The psoudo Count Von Attorns has mado tho following confession to tho authorities in Soura bayo :-"That his real namo is Kurt Schmalz, and 22 years of ago ; that from his sixteenth year ho commenced his carcor of rascality and swindling, and thit in 1867, undor tho namo of Count Von Sohönborn, ho discounted drafts in Amsterdam which woro so well imitated that tho forgory was not discovered until two days uftor they had been cashed in London. A Batavian paper of Novomber 29 states further, that an attompt was mado by him to escapo from tho gaol at Sourabaya ; bo wns disguised in tho clothing of his servant, and had got as far as tho outer gate of tho prison, whon a Javancso watchman laid hold of him, and with tho assistanco of tho military guard brought him back to his placo of coufinomont. It is also stated in anothor papor that tho Hamlet's Ghost was sold at public auction on December 4 for 2500 guilders, which is about £208." A coniiESpoNßBNT writos us from Tingalpa that tho caterpillar nuisanco has como and gono. It was a terriblo post while it lasted, which was about ten days ; but during that timo tbo amount of destruction caused by those myriads of voracious insects was anything but encourag- ing to tho cultivator. Tiley appear to havo boon propagated in tho summer grass, and thence to havo mado an exodus to tho corn and sugar cano, which wero evidently their favorito articles of diet. A very serious amount of dam ago has been done. It is hoped that tho sugar cauo will roeovcr to somo extent bofovo winter ; but, owing to the destruction of the young shoots just appearing abovo ground, to say nothing of tho maturer parts of tho plants stripped to tho very backbono of tho leaf, tho crop will, of course, bo materially weakened and retarded. Soino of our farmers adopted a plan described in tho Courier for chocking tho inroads of thoso insects-that of ploughing a deep trench across their path. To a great ex- tent it was successful. On somo farms in this neighborhood the ground was one writhing, crawling mass of worms, and the multitudes whioh accumulated in tho trenches was some- thing really remarkable. The officer in charge of tho Bcnovolent Asylum, Dunwich, bogs to acknowledge with thauks the recoipt of a quantity of onions, pine- apples, und bananas, for tho inmates of tho asylum, tho gift of tho Bon. Mrs. J. Douglas, Spring- hill. A Kilkivan correspondent writos us, under dato March 5 :-" News just to hand of a good rush near tho twolvo-milo shanty, on tho road to Maryborough ; deep siuking ; 2 dwts. to the bucket; plonty of water; about fifty diggers, all hard at work. Shares aro at a premium in tho copper mino." Tjik Warwich Examiner, of tho 6th instant, says:-"His Excolloncy tho Governor was for two or throo days of his visit to Warwick tho guest of F. J. C. Wildash, Esq., of Canning Downs. During his stay on the station ho visited various parts of tho run, and spout a considerable timo in inspecting tho scouring shed mid buildings couuectod with it. Ho appeared dcoply intorosted in tho manner in which (ho wool was got up, and took two sam- ples away with him. Ho nlso drovo somo little distance on (ho plain, where ho had a good viow of soveral of tho farms upon Swim Creek and tho Agricultural Koservo." The heaviest thunderstorm that has taken placo in this district for somo yours occurred last (Friday) night. During tho day tho titmos phoro was very clo3oand oppressive and about 7 o'clock in tho ovoning a frightful storm of thun- der and lightning occurred, accompanied by a continuous and heavy downpour of rain and hail, Tho streets vory shortly presented the appear anco of being long sheets of wutor, whioh in many instances woro many indios deep. At tho time wo went to press tbo water was rushing down tho streots with immonso foreo.- Warwick Examiner, March G. Ok Tuesday ovoning last (says tho Warwick Examiner of tho 6th instant), a shooking and fatal accident occurred to a person named Michael Murray, a horso-driver, ongoged on Canning Downs. Tho uufortunato mau on Tuesday, night, carno into town to «¡tend tho circus, and on rotuming home, whon he had got a little distauco through tho outrance gates of tho run, it appoars that ho had turned off tho road, mid from eomo causo which cannot now bo explained foil from his horso, aud either fatally injured his hoad or broko his neok. His body was not discovered until yesterday (Fri- day), and wo understand a magisterial enquiry will bo hold this morning. His remains will bo buried this day at 12 o'olock, and wo understand thoso of his fellow servants on tho run who nro desirous of following his romains will bo allowed to do so. Tbo deceased was about 42 years of ago, and had been for eomo years engaged on tho station, and was vory much respected by both his employers and fellow- servants. A CORRESPONDENT at Goodna writes to the Queensland Times:-"On Saturday morning the senior magistrate of the district, with Ser- geant Brady, proceeded to the scene of the fire at Redbank for tho purpose of holding an in- quiry. However, at the request of Mr. Moody, Captain Towns' agent, proceedings in the mat- ter have been stayed for the present, as Mr. Moody believes he will be able to obtain some information by the delay. If the fire was the work of an incendiary, he certainly executed his task in a most complete and effective manner; not a stick of what was a large dwelling- house remains, Mr. Moody's loss is severe, consisting of furniture and surveying and mathematical instruments worth £200. Tho fire was so rapid in its work that the inmates barely escaped, and the children were being removed from their beds when the burning ceiling fell in. 