ftatest jHetog* THE WEATHER.—Though the weather for several days has been delightfully fine, the nights have been very cold. At daybreak this morning, the ice on the surface of still water was the third of an inch thick in the hills. THE QUEEN'S BRIDESMAIDS.—Our lady readers possibly may feel interested in learning what has since become of the 12 young ladies whom Her Majesty some £9 years ago chose as her bridesmaids. and who carried the royal trainin the Chapel Royal on the day of her marriage to the late Prince Consort (Feb. 10, 1810). Two of them were married during that year—Lady Mary A F. Grimston to Viscount Folkestone, eldest son of the Earl of Radnor, and Lady Elizabeth A G. Howard to the Hon. and Rev. F. H. Grey. Two others were married in 1841—Eady Frances E. Cowper to Viscount Jocelyn, eldest son of the Earl of Roden, and Lady Ida H. Hay to Viscount Campden, now Earl of Gainsborough. In 1812 Lady Sarah F. C. Villiers married Prince Nicholas Estc-riiazy; in 1843, Lady Catherine L. W. Stanhope married Lord Dalmeny, eldest son of the Earl of Rosebery; in 1844. Lady Elizabeth West married Mr. F. C. Hastings Russell, heir presumptive to the Dukedom of Bedford; in 1847, Lady Jane Harriet Houverie married Mr. William Ellis, and Lady Eleanora C. Paget married Sir Sandford "Graham, Bart.; in 1849, Lady Mary Charlotte Howard married Lord Foley, and Lady Caroline A. Lennox married the Earl of Bessborough; and, lastly, in 1851, Lady Adelaide Paget married the Hon. F. W. Cadogan. Of these iair ladies three are dead—Lady Gainsborough, the Princess Hsterliazy, and Lady E. Graham.. One of them, Lady Jocelyn, is a widow; anrf one of them. Lady Dalmeny, having remained some years «<i widow, is now Duchess of Cleveland.— Guardian. SOUTHERN FARMING AND WEATHER NOTES.— From Strathalbyn our latest report says:-"Our farmers are getting pretty well advanced with seed sowing, aud on every farm, to a greater or le6s extent, the crops are springing up and looking well The weather for the last few days has been dry, contrary to the desires of all tillers of the land on the Plains, which absorb a large quantity of rain,' and are considered to have not yet had a sufficient soaking, whilst the hills are in splendid condition. A considerable area of our mallee scrubs which but three or four years ago were sneered at as to the capabilities of the land for wheat producing, has since that time been bought up, cleared, and tilled year by year to a wider extent with favourable results. Not that mallee scrub soilsusually ate of the most lasting kind, but they are such aB will, if occasionally subsoiled, produce remunerative crops for some years." Our Macclesfield letter of June 15 states:—"We have had our share of the late splendid rains, and for the present have had enough, the land generally being in fine working condition. The grass is growing slowly, but old Jack Frost has commenced his damaging operations." Under date of June 15 our Inman Valley letter remarks that "farmers ate now busy with seeding operations, and most of them are progressing very favourably, rain having now fallen in sufficient quantity to satisfy the wants of the agriculturists for a month at least. Should we be favoured with nice dry .and sunny weather vegetation would greatly improve." GAS.—Mr. H. Lamshed, carrier, is still steadily engaged in conveying the plant for the Provincial Gas Company's intended works at Strathalbyn That town is not quite so far advanced in its preparations* for lighting as Gawler is, but the Engineer is doubtless doing the best he can in this matter. THE MEADOW BANK MINE.—All the shares in The Meadow Bank Mining Venture" are taken up, and the applications were in excess of the number proposed to be allotted. Should this "Venture" under the management of a local directorate turn out well, it must prove a great benefit to the neighbourhood of Strathalbyn. In the old mining days of that place money was made, and that such time may not now be far distant all residents earnestly hope. SILVER.—A little of the mining spirit has reached. Macclesfield, and the efficient working of a remunerative silver mine in that neighbourhood is, it is thought, far from improbable. THE CALEDONIA REEF.—A assay has just been completed of a sample from the Caledonia Beef. The yield was 4 ozs. 13 dwts. of gold to the ton. THE KADINA MINING COMPANY.—The allotment of shares for this Company took place on Tuesday, June 15. The number to be allotted was 4,009, and the applications about 33,000. The Promoters distributed tl/e shares as far as they were able amongst those whom they thought likely to hold, reducing the latter applications within , very small limits. ICE.—The other morning Strathalbyn had a severe frost, with ice covering the the water in buckets and tubs. A nice little fall of snow— j j though not likely to come—would now afford some amusement. ^ THE GOLNAHE.—It is intended that the Gulnare, for tlie Northern Territory, shall be ready to sail from Port Adelaide on Saturday night, although it is probable that her final departure will be delayed until Sunday morning. The mails to go by her are to ctose on Saturday morning. She will take a quantity of stores and provisions for the party, but no new officers or reinforcements of the stafL If space permit, small packages of baggage for persons in the Northern Territory will be permitted to be sent. It is a gratifying evidence of the bon& fides of the favourablareports sent down respecting the country near Port Darwin that a large proportion of the -members of the party have intimated their willingness to remain and settle there if employment is found for them. LIGHTING THE GOVEBNUBST BurLDrrras.—We believe that the Board sitting in reference to the cost of lighting Government buildings see their way clear to reducing the annual consumption to the extent of one-third. This will' partly be : accomplished by reducing the number of burners, and assigning to those which are left a certain quantity of gas for a fixed term. Meters are to be supplied to each building, and any excess over the allowed supply will be surcharged. The report, however, has not yet been sent in. OFFICE HOURS OP CIVIL SERVANTS.—The Government have decided upon making a change, which will meet with little favour at the hands of those chiefly interested. On and after the 1st of AuguBt next an extra hour is to be added to the time during which civil servants in all Government Departments have to attend at their offices. Instead of coming at 10 o'clock and leaving at 4, they are to attend at half-past 9 and remain until halfpast 4 on five days in the week, and on Saturday the hours are to . be from half-past 9 until 1 o'elock. In addition to this a regulation will be issued requiring each officer before leaving to finish up the current day's business. The arrangement with regard to an interval for .lunch is to remain as heretofore. LEASE OP NORTHERN TERRITORY LAND.—The Government have received a proposal from Mr. W. J. Browne, of Moorak, in the South-East, to leaise for 21 years 1,0 O.OOT) acres of land in the Northern Territory without mention of terms, subject to right of purchase of 20,000-acre blocks at prices not named. The Government have no other resource than to decline the offer, which, even had they the power to entertain it, is too indefinite to be seriously considered. DEFERRED PAYMENTS.—The new Land Act has now been in operation for something like three months, aad during that time the land taken up under the credit clauses has amounted to 5,472 acres. Of this quantity 2,676 acres have been purchased at auction, and 2,796 have been taken up by free selection put of the 400,000 odd acres which had passed the hammer. This result does not indicate any extreme impatience on the part ojf farmers to get upon {he land under deferred payment arrangements. POLICE PAY.—For the future the pay allowed to persons ehg&gM; as policemen is not to cxceed 5s. per day during the period of probation, and 6s. after entering the regular force. This rule will be restricted to new recruits; there is to be no reduction in the wages of those now in the force. LIBEL.—Mr. James Francis Giles has laid an information against Mr. J. O'D. Hennessy, the printer and publisher of the Irish Harp, for a statement appearing in that publication of June 12, embodying a very grave accusation against his character and his sister. Miss Priscilla Anna Giles, whose name was brought prominently forward in the recent Convent affair. The case will come before the Police Court in the course of a few days. THE COLLEGIATE SCHOOL OF ST. PFTER.—The half-yearly examination and distribution of prizes in connection with the above institution are announced for Thursday next. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide will preside, and we believe His Excellency the Governor intends to be present on the occasion. THEATRE ROYAL.—Mr. Bellair's friends had evidently reserved themselves for. his second benefit* for the house presented a much more brilliant aspect last night than it did when he put forward hiB first claim for special patronage. Sir James Fergusson and Lady Edith were present in the state box, and received an official, welcome in the playing of the-National Anthem. The c muster-roll of the Worshipful Masters, their right worshipful ladies, and distinguished citizens generally was well filled, and scarcely a vacant seat was to be seen in any part of the Theatre. Mr. Bellair chose for his first part Alexis Romanouski in Selby's comedy of "The Lioness oi. the North." This officer has a wicked pro-, clivity towards making sport of ladies* hearts, and having succeeded in rousing the jealousy of Count Schuvaloff, Minister of Police, is consigned to the fortress of Shlusselbourg, where he contrives to effect the escape of the Duke of Courland, a near relative of the Empress, who, from political motives, had been confined there during many years. To save the Commandant of the fortress from the fatal consequences of allowing a prisoner to escape, he undertook to personate the Duke, and in that character received a visit from the Em press Elizabeth m disguise, and was afterwards summoned to the Imperial Palace. Here he had an interview with its leonine mistress, and was perforce obliged to mate love to her. He succeeded so well in his deception that he fully convinced himself of his identity with the Duke. His real a name and station were at length discovered through the interception of a letter, which Fcedora, the Commandant's daughter, who had conceived y a strong affection for him, was conveying from a Courland himself. The Empress magnanimously MPb forgave alt parties concerned, and loaded them with rewards and honours except the unfortunate Schuvaloff, who fcr all his exhibitions of zeal o 1 received no better recompense than the charge of a remote fortress. The most amusing part in the comedy is that of Triptolemas Krout, a young corporal and valet de chambre of a most aspiring mind. He has been seized with the belief that Elizabeth has become captivated by his charms; and his extravagant attempts to ensure a declaration of her passion were most amusingly portayed by Mr. Hill. Unfortunately the company had not taken especial pains, to prepare the piece; and as its chief effect depends upon smart acting, it certainly was not a success. Mr. Bellair hit off the dashing young officer, full of good impulses, vanity, and self-confidence, with considerable skill. To represent queenly dignity, and grace to assume the commanding tone and action of majesty, scarcely came within Miss Juno's range, but there was much to be admired in her conception of the gteat Sovereign of the North. Miss George as Poeiora played carefully as she always does; and Mr. Bataon did full justice to the part of the inane exquisite, Alexander Narciskoff. The comedy is to be repeated this evening, and deserves to have a good house to witness it. At the fall of the red curtain Mr. Bellair was vociferously called to the front. In a few words, he returned the audience his sincere thanks for the very great compliment they had paid him and for their liberal patronage accorded him during his sojourn in Adelaide. His stay there would always be remembered by him with delight; for independent of the professional success he had achieved, he had made many private friends, whose friendship he deeply esteemed. He trusted he should continue to have their good wishes. With regatd to the management of the stage, many old citizens had told him that for years the pieces had not been so well put on or so well played. _ This was another pleasing circumstance in connection with his visit to this colony. His success, however, was principally due to the ladies and gentlemen of the company as well as the Band; Mr. Fry and others having to do with the stage machinery and properties, all of whom had worked well with him, and had ensured a successful season. Unaccustomed as he was to public speaking, they must excuse further remarks, but he again thanked them heartily for their kindness. (Applause.) "The Widow's Victim" is one of the broadest of broad farces. Every character in it is pledged to the extremest effort of ludicrosity. Happily there are not many of them, or ordinary sides would not be able to withstand the splitting efl'ect of the laughter they produce. Enter first Jane Chatterley, the dramatic lady's maid, fired with the ambition of Surrey Theatre, and absorbed in the blood-and-thunder literature which she enjoys in penny numbers. Miss Stoneham had scope here for all her powers of coquetry, mimicry, and heroics. Her reading of the Jack Sheppard" episode was graphic, and showed what an amount of bombast may be obtained out of a small pair of lungs. Her imitation of Miss Clevelands was a racy thing in itself, and doubly entertaining to all who were familiar with the original. It elicited from many of the latter spontaneous signs of recognition. But Miss Chatterley's star, bright and twin!- lingasit was, paled before themasculine brilliance other young man, Jeremiah Clip, the barber's cleik and'theatrical "hamatyoor," alias Tinsel John, the intrusive livery servant, alias Moustache Strappado. the fireating -mysterious foreigner. Mr. Bellair had the representation of this diversified triad; but the latter two were very insignificant pendants to the original Jeremiah. HE was made an oddity whom Bottom might have welcomed into his own family. His tragic illustrations after the manner of Charles Kean and Macready, if a trifle rough, were so much the more ridiculous. They were certainly recognisable, and Jeremiah Clip's "hamatyoor" talent became the life andsoul of the farce. Jeremiah and Miss ; Chatterley having arranged to victimize a certain : Mr. Byron Tremaine Pelham Podge, who was j spooneying after Mrs. Rattleton, the victim | had next to be introduced. The Byronic: youth was such a guy as only Mr. Hill 1 in his most extravagant moods can achieve. > His seedy fashionabihty, his brummagem sen- j timentality, bis condescending poltroonery were all expressed in the make-up. It was a character ! which revealed itself at a glance. But Mr. Hill ! did not stop short at first impressions. He acted j out every peculiarity of the rile so vividly, and in : all his misadventure* he so fully realized the ideas his appearance suggested, that Mr. Byron Tremaine Pelham Podge was unmistakably "The Widow's Victim." The widow herself was dashingly played by Miss George, and the jealous : Twitter threw Mr. Batson into a very abnormal state of excitability." It had, however, less affec- { tation aud more natural effect than is generally, observable in that quarter. Of course such a j programme demands repetition. Put on as it has ; been almost without a fault and executed with i Buch spirit there ought to be a week's stock in it. j At all events the public will have an opportunity ] of seeing it again this evening. TRINITY CHURCH.—A meeting of seatholders of Trinity Church was held in the Schoolroom on Tuesday evening, June 15, to consider the propriety of erccting a monument to the memory of the late Incumbent, the Very Rev. James Farrell, AM., Colonial Chaplain, Dean of Adelaide. Dr. Mayo, one of the Trustees, was voted into the chair, and there were present about 50 gentlemen, including Sir J. H. Fisher, His Honor Judge Wearing, the Churchwardens (Messrs. W. Main and S. Toms), Dr. Gosse, Dr. Moore, Mr. a! Tomkinson, &c.; After some discussion as to the kind of monument to be adopted, it was considered most appropriate, as the Colonial Chaplaincy will no longer exist, to erect a second tablet in tlie church precisely similar to that wnich bears the name of the first holder of the office—the late Rev. C. B. Howard, AM.—so that the memorials of the only two Colonial Chaplains of South Australia may stand side by side. A Committee, consisting of the Chairman and the two Church- Wardens, was appointed to carry out the object of the resolution. A considerable sum having been subscribed in the room, it was resolved that the congregation generally should be invited to contribute, and that, in order to enable every one to participate in this mark of respect to the memory of the late Incumbent, any sum from 6d. upwards should be received. In event of the amount collected exceeding the sum necessary for the tablet, it was understood that the balance should be expended in a memorial window, or devoted to some other object in connection with the church or the schooL A Committee was appointed, consisting of Sir James bisher. His Honor Judge Wearing, Mr. Tomkinson, and Dr. Gosse, to prepare and forward to Mrs. Farrell, in the name of the congregation, a letter of condolence on her recent bereavement. A conversation ensued as to the appointment of a successor to the late Dean as Incumbent of Trinity Church. The Chairman said that it rested with Dr. Wyatt Mr. Flaxman, and himself, as Trustees. Mr. Flaxman was absent from the colony, but he bad communicated with Dr. Wyatt on the subject, and received a reply from him, which he read to the meeting. He then read a letter from that gentleman, expressing his regret at being unable to attend, but stating that he fully agreed with Dr Mayo in considering that they should be guided m the appointment of the new minister of Trmity Church by the deliberate wish of the congregation, retaining, of course, their right to exercise a veto in the barely possible event of an objectionable nomination. A requisition was then prepared, and signed by between 20 and 30 gentlemen, requesting the Trustees to call a meeting of seatholders to consider the appointment of the new Incumbent. This having been presented to Dr. Mayo, he promised to see Dr. Wyatt with a vi»w to the early convening of such a meeting. The proceedings then closed with the customary compliment to the Chairman. THE RANGATIEA. — OUT Melbourne telegram erroneously announced that the steamer Rangatira broke down on her passage from Sydney, whereas we understand it was off Cape Northumberland, of course on her trip from Adelaide. She arrived in Melbourne on Sunday, as already notified. FAT BOLLOCK.—"We understand that a very prime bullock, fed by Mr. Samuel Davenport, was purchased on Tuesday, after a severe competition, by Mr. T. Ballantyne for the high price of £36 5s. A notice on the subject appears in our advertising olumns. CARRIAGE ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday evening an awkwaid accident took place at the junction of King William and Rundle-streets. At about o'clock the carriage of the Treasurer was being driven down Bundle- street when one of the horses managed to get his leg over the trace and com menced to kick violently, defying all the efi'orts of the driver to restrain him. He was soou joined in his antics by the second horse, and the two reared, plunged, and danced about in an alarming manner A jgung man named William May, in the employ of Mr. Charles Farr, seeing the danger, gallantly went to the rescue, and seizing the animals by the head clung to them, although receiving a severe wound m the hand. Mrs. Hughes and her niece* who were in the back seat of the vehicle, were taken out of it, and the driver also contrived to dismount. It was sometime, however, before the horses could be pacified, and then not until they had damaged the harness and the carriage as well All who witnessed the occurrence agree that much more serious consequences were very narrowly verted. ANCIENT AND MODERN ADELAIDE.—We saw esterday a very interesting photograph, showing t one view what may fairly be called Ancient and odern Adelaide,. the one represented by Dr. hillips 's residence on North- terrace, and the other y the Adelaide Club-House. The former is one f the few remaining edifices which were inhabited by the earliest colonists—the walls being of wood or pise, and the roofs of Torrens reeds. Not much longer will a photographer be able to take such a picture, for the old houses are fast disappearing beneatu the besom of improvement; and thus it will Boon be with the little cottage that nestles under the lofty walls of the Club, for already it is doomed to destruction, the plans being completed for a new mansion that is to rise upon its ruins, aud which will at least be more stately, if less picturesque, than the relic of " Irish Bow." FREE TRADE IN RUSSIJ—Constrained by the inexorable logic of necessity, Russia is precipitately abandoning the policy of protection. When the .^tariff was at its highest smuggling was carried on to an astonishing extent, the severest laws against it proving to be wholly useless, £15,000.000 annually of contraband goods being brought into the empire. Meanwhile, the free-trade treaty with France and England came into operation; the trade of France increased 75 per cent., and m the same year the trade of Russia decreased 13 per cent. The Russian Government were not blind to the lessons taught by such facts as these. An examination of the whole question was ordered and faithfully made; Commissioners were sent toenquire into the results of free trade in other countries; and, finally, a complete revision of the tariff was effected, to come into operation on the 13th of January in the present year. Absolute free trade is not established, some concessions being still made to the manufacturers, but a long step has been taken towards it. The reductions.-in the duties on manufactured articles importediange from 9 to 77 per cent, and it must be understood that these duties had already been reduced several times since 1850.— Argus. THE "SHEFHEBD KINGS" OF QUEENSLAND.— The wife of one of the pastoral settlers in Queensland writing from the Upper Burdekin to a friend at Pleasant Creek, conveys a dreary picture of life in that remote Arcadia, "If," she says, "we could only sell for a quarter, or even half that, of what we have spent, we would joyfully give it up, and not rest till we had seen the Uast of Queensland. There seem to be no people in the country, only those who, like ourselves, are obliged to stay. The townspeople have "the same cry as the bush people. Nothing doing, and nothing new to try again at Those of the squatters who can afford to lose what they have spent are giving up their runs, and leaving all improvements. One man, who had 600 square miles of country, and first-class improvements, has left 90,001 sheep to run wild in the bush, if they like, besides horses and cattle. He has gone utterly ruined—could not pay his men's wageB. One of our neighbours, who has spent over £30/ 0J in four years, sold last week 4 ",000 sheep at 2s. per head—they cost in the first place from 25s. to 30a.; the rest of his flock they are driving to the boiling-down establishment. His run and improvements are left to ruin. There are others gathering their flocks and sending them to the boiling-down, hoping to realize enough to pay' their shepherds,, and take themselves away to begin anew elsewhere. The climate wears out people so fast, and the continued anxiety and depression all have their effect, upon even the strongest. We are doing nothing; a strange face has not passed for nearly a month." ROYAL ECONOMY.—The Pall Mall Gazette makes the following excellent remarks on the economical habits of the Royal Family:—" We cannot think that the dignity of Royalty has been properly consulted by those who have permitted the appearance in this list of- tbe paltry sum of £2 Is. for rigging, &c.;, of pier at Antwerp on embarkation of Prince of Wales. It cannot be supposed that the Belgian Government has sect in this bill. A more important matter is a charge of £3,374 14s., 'cost of presents and gratuities by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh at the Cape and Australia, and during his present voyage in H.M.S. Galatea.* The Duke of Edinburgh was endowed by the nation, on his coming of age, with a handsome income to enable him to maintain his princely position. He is voyaging about the world, with the further emoluments of his naval rank and command; surely the presents and gratuities be may be called on to dispense in his travels should be paid from the liberal income he derives from the nation. If strict economy is needed, it muBt be enforced in all quarters, high as well as low. For the same reason it is not pleasing to see an item of charge for conveyance of Prince Christian between Dover aud Calais. It was very natural that His Royal Highness should hurry abroad on the occasion of his father's illness; but the Prince, who lives among us, received, on his marriage with an English Princess, ahandBome dowry from her nation, and we strongly incline to the opinion that he should pay his own travelling expenses. The total of all these items, many of them small in themselves, is a large sum — upwards of £31,000; and such a list forcibly exemplifies the 1 importance of 'looking after the pence,'". THE NORTHERN TERRITORY.—A former resident of Mount Gambier, whose ideniity it ia not difficult to fix;-in a letter from the Northern Territory, which has been published in the South-East, makes the subjoined remarks:—"There is some talk of Government leaving a Resident and .staff here, but this we shall not know until the return of the Gulnare. The health of the party is first-rate, and I consider the climate a first-rate one. The country is good, and fit for any thing. I have been over all that proposed for survey; it is well watered, and good roads are easily obtainable. Altogether, this part of the country is so different to Escape Cliffs that the men: of the former Expedition who are with us can scarcely believe they are in the Northern Territory. The grasses are splendid; in fact, those who believed all that was said of the Northern Territory before we left Adelaide have found themselves comparatively in heaven, for to hear all that was said a fellow expected to come to rather an opposite extreme. I only wish I had been the lucky purchaser of some land- orders when they were so cheap. I believe T V—• holds two, so that he will have a good chance of being the lucky possessor of a square mile of as good country as he could wish to see. I only wish 1 was in a position to commence a cattle station; It would pay splendidly. Here you are with one of the finest harboura in the world, and within easy reach of good markets. Why, any man with a few hundreds to begin with would soon make his fortune in horse and cattle dealing. I believe the soil will grow anything that can possibly grow in the tropics. I believe that when it gets known how good the country is that many of the people about Adelaide side wilt come up and settle here. I feel convinced of this, that if the Government offer facilities for people to settle here it will be a better place than any portion of South Australia. I can tell you H—- would have had a fine haul had the Government accepted bis offer of 2s. per acre for 200.000 acres surveyed at his own cost. I believe land agents will grow here as well as elsewhere, and I should not feel at all surprised to see a steamer come into port at any moment with a lot on board. Primrose's and Chapman's bottled pale ale is the beverage for this country. It goes down beautifully, especially when you have not tasted wine, beer, or spirits for a week; and have been camping out all the time. Unfortunately the supply is very limited. There was only one man out of the whole expedition unable to do his duty on the let of this month, and his is not from ill- health, but from an accident that occurred to him the day before. With a few of the comforts of civilization about one a man might be very jolly here; in fact, as comfortable as any mortal has a right to expect, and that is saying a great deaL I expectin another week or two to have more leisure time, I will then collect a few of the grass-seeds and send them to the South-East, and they can be tried. There is one grass here which is very rank and coarse, but with a little feeding it will come down to a good serviceable grass. In many places I hav6 seen it 15 feet high; the larger ana stronger stems the men are very fond of, and they chew it. It relieves any thirst, and is slightly sweet. If you go out and visit a survey party you will see the men as they work along with pieces of this grass in their mouths, chewing away like anything. The natives are not troublesome, aud we do not see many of them; in fact, except at this camp we have not seen any. They are not particular as to dress, and men, women, and children go about in birthday suits." SPECIAL MAGISTRATES.—In the course of an article in the Wallaroo Times on the Local Court system the following sentences occur:—"It is a matter of notoriety in one district that the Special Magistrate, who at one time had a small partnership in a large commercial firm, was appointed to his office on the recommendation of the junior member of that firm, because he was fouad tb be too deficient in ability to be entrusted with th6 management of business. There is another district in the colony where a large amount of litigation is saved by the introduction of a system replete with injustice and wrong. Both plaintiffs and defendants earwig the Magistrate in "Chambers," and having learnt his opinion decide whether to press or defend, their suite. If a person threatened with an action finds that an opinion has been given adverse to his "Case he pays rather than throw money away by going into Court. There are but few persons who could frequently attend our Local Courts without arriving at the conclusion that the decisions given are often, besides being inconsistent with law, irreconcilable with common sense. It is an open question whether the Special Magistrates, destitute as they are in the majority of instances of legal lore or training, would not do well to ignore the law altogether,-and attempt to take a common-sense view of the case. The little smattering of law that they unavoidably pick up only seems to confuse them, thus illustrating the old and tlue proverb—"a little knowledge is a dangerous thing." The anomaly of a practical lawyer arguing cases and raising points of law before Special Magistrates, who, he well knows, not hating had a legal education, are utterly unable to follow him, deserves at once to be put an end to. It necessarily entails a great hardship upon poor suitors or defendants. Should the plaintiff employ a lawyer and the defendant be uuable to scrape up the necessary guinea or two, be must be a poor lawyer indeed who could not so embarrass the defendant and bamboozle the unprofessional Bench with legal subtleties as to obtain a certain verdict. If it be objected that professional men of note would require larger salaries than the miscellaneous collection of Special Magistrates' now sitting, to recompense them for retiring from practice, the answer is ready to be given. They should have their circuits, when fewer Magistrates would be required. Either a London Police Magistrate or an English County Court Judge would get through a month's civil and criminal business on the Peninsula with ease in three hours. And even if the expense should be something greater, the colony numerous committals in which there is not tlie ghost of the chance of a conviction being sustained, and in the certainty which would attend the administration of justice in civil cases." SETTLEMENT ON THE MURBAY FLATS. — A correspondent writes to the Kapunda Press:— " Now that the Murray Flats are being settled on, the traffic is very, great. Within the last year more than 50 settlers have taken up land out there, and they all come by the Bagot's Well-road. It is beautiful to see the fine fields of ploughed land where a few years ago the wild cattle were the only things that fed on it. Could the Government spare a little money for making a road to the North-West Bend, it would open up one of the finest sgricultural districts in the colony." A YELLOW OMNIBUS AT A FUNERAL.—The sensibilities of the Kapimda Herald's Moenta correspondent have been disturbed, and he thus states the caaBe:—" From there being no hearse in Moonta, I conjecture it entered into some fooliBh person's bead to hire the yellow-coloured omnibus to do duty at a recent funeral, the effect bem? anything but solemn or appropriate. A yellow-coloured mourning-coach, even in Australia, would look in the eyes of most of us peculiar, to say the least of it; but a veritable—for the occasion — yellow bedaubed hearse is almost out of the pale of decency; yet a coffin last week was carried some distance in our only bus, drawn by four variouscoloured horses—that such a thing should have happened is a disgrace to the place. How much better it would have been to have followed the good old English plan of carrying -the coffin, as obtains even yet in many home villages; or if the distance to our Cemetery be too far from the township (which I doubt), an ordinary cart woifid be a better conveyance for a coffin than the gaudy affair that was used. Again, the idea of this omnibus one day being used for a trip to local races, and soon after as a hearse, must strike the most unthinking as a thing that should not be." THE MORNING 'BUS.—AU the passengers at that early hour are more or less acquainted, for they travel in each other's company for some three hundred days in the year. Quite a chorus of "goodmornings" reaches the lisetener's ear as one passenger after another approaches the vehicle destined to carry him City-wards. The newsboy, who stfcnds hard by. with a 6beaf of papers under his arm stuffed into a kind of Brobdignagian sermon-case, knows the literary tastes and the political leanings of his daily passengers to a nicety. He mentally characterises his customers by their journalistic tendencies. He knows them not by their 'own names, but by the names of their pet papers. Also, he appraises the passengers' social rank and position by their newspaper-purchasing powers. There is, for example, an old gentleman who buys two daily papers every morning, and three weeklies on Saturday; and who peruses those publications at the far end of the omnibus. In the eyes of the news-boy that old gentleman is an aristocrat of the first water. But, perhaps, Mr. Tomkinson, that fair-complexioned youth of nineteen, in a green satin necktie, is the news-boys pet customer, for he takes in four sportiug papers and all the comic periodicals. He is very popular on the knife-bOa< d, lending his literary acquisitions in the moBt freehanded manner, and insisting on the coachman joining the rest of the company in attempting the solution of a double acrostic. Now the driver, with a roey face shining with soap, a pair of wellbrushed whiskers, and a general air of having had a substantial breakfast, climbB slowly and deliberately to his box. " Mornin.' genlemen," he says as be looks round gravely. "Good morning," reply the majority of the passengers heartily, for Mrf Watkins is a UDivotsal favourite. Mr. Robine o. the Corn Exchange hands the coachman his whip. "Thank you, Sir," he says with grave politeness. "Take off the cloths, William." William the ostler takes off the cloths—the morning was fresh, and this is a favourite and carefully tended team— and away goes the omnibus.Omnibus News, in "CamiW Magazine" for 3f<nrch. c d o p b D d P d a d c a t p i a 