\- I TMURSDA Y, JULY 22, 1869. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM has achieved another triumph. Wearied with his successes in the interpretation of statutes and constitutional law, and longing, likes Alexander, for new worlds to conquer, he has invaded the peaceful domains I of morality. He has discovered a new test of right and wrong. The right is j Mr. M'Culloch ; the wrong is Mr Langton. Nothing shall tempt him to. vote for anything that Mr. Langton] may propose. He must have proof, i satisfactory proof, that Mr. Langton and those who sit with him desire to purify the Assembly. We fear that Mr. Higinbotham is rather fastidious in the sort of proof that he requires. He acknowledges, although he does so rather as a charge than as an admission, that Mr. Langton had shown " every desire I " to hunt out and to punish, and to " pursue with severe punishment, any " corrupt or improper conduct which he " might think that he had discovered in, " members on the Ministerial side of I " the House." We should have thought that this was at least some evidence, and we regret, and so probably does Mr. Higinbotham, that the Opposition should have been so pervasive and so vile as to have remained untainted while the surrounding atmosphere was so foul. It is not Mr. Langton's fault that the corrupt practices which he was so ready to repress should have been found only on the Ministerial benches. For we must recollect that in this matter of Parliamentary corruption Mr. Higinbotham has been peculiarly unfortunate. All the people at whom he wanted to spit have proved to be his own most faithful supporters. There are no more devoted followers of Mr. M'Culloch than the members who were implicated in the proceedings of the Quieting of Titles Association. The money of the certificate holders was spent in Ballara iud in Mornington for the good cause It was Mr. M'Culloch, and' not Mr. Sladen, of whose advent to office one of the criminals said that to him it was worth ten thousand pounds. Butthereareothtsrcausesof indignation which have touched Mr. Higinbotham more nearly. He is not a demonstrative man. He is not given to make displays of political affection. Such manifesta- tions, therefore, when they come are the more precious on account of their rarity. Two of his supporters were singled out as especial objects of his favour. They were Mr. Jones and Mr. Stutt. We need not recall his support of Mr. Jones. We need not repeat the unedifying story of the lengths to which he went to shelter that worthy, and of the determination with which he resisted, even when his own colleague pressed for it, any inquiry. We all know how he went out of his way to declare the honour and the pleasure that he felt in defending pro- fessionally that interesting client, and how his opinion of Mr. Jones was changed on the discovery, not of the cheques, but of the " nefarious " conspiracy" against the Ministry. But scarcely was the Jones scandal at an end when the State scandal began, This was indeed the most unkindest cut of all, " Judge, oh ye gods, how " dearly Caesar loved him." To Jones he gave the famous " character," but for State a higher and a rare honour was reserved, Mr. Higinbotham became his political sponsor. It was; we believe, the only occasion on which he ever introduced any member It was an occasion which, though it did much honour to Mr. Stutt did very little honour to Mr. Higinbotham. But, as the ugliest child is sometimes the pet of the family, so Mr Higinbotham's heart warmed to the dubious member of his political house hold. Mr. Stutt was so still and so safe He was never known to have a political opinion of his own, or to make a mistake upon a division, And, now he too is attacked-Joseph is gone and they are taking away Benjamin, the youngest and the best beloved, and Mr Higinbotham cries out with an exceed- ing bitter cry, that if he is bereaved of his political children, he is indeed desolate. Mr. Higinbotham, however, has other reasons for his vote. It was, not merely that Mr. Langton made the motion, and that Mr. M'Culloch' opposed it, and that the motion itself though obviously right, tended to, jeopardise the beloved Stutt. , All these considerations had, indeed, their weight; but there was something still deeper. The House had refused to punish the Chief Justice for differing from Mr. G. P. Smith upon the form of a warrant, and therefore, in Mr. Higinbotham's view, no inquiries can here-, after be made upon any alleged impropriety by a member of the House. Mr. Higinbotham, if we understand him lightly, means never again to vote for any commitment for a breach of, privilege. He will not use in a lawful manner the power which the law allows him because there is a particular mode of exercising that power which the law does not allow him. We shall not quarrel with Mr. Higinbotham upon this point. If he chooses to hang up the. privileges of the House until they grow rusty from disuse, we have nothing to ( say against it. We are no lovers of those privileges, much less of the mode in which they have been exercised of late But we agree with Mr. "Wrixon that it is altogether unreasonable that for such a reason the House should be i required to sacrifice its character, its credit, and its honour, and to submit' to the humiliation of these reiterated charges. For, let Mr. Higinbotham talk as he will about a vile faction and their peculiar emotions, there is no member-at least no incorrupt mem-., bar- of that House, and no person outside of it, who has the least regard for our institutions and the reputation of the country, that does not desire that the Assembly shall be without reproach j or blot. Nothing could be more disastrous than the idea which seems gradually fixing itself in the public mind, is that our laws and their administration are venal. It is the great grievance in the present land law that it has produced a class of men who unite the inconsistent functions of suitors in the Land Office and critics of it. Mr. Higinbotham and his oracle, Mr. M'Culloch had a fine opportunity for checking this anomaly, but so far from doing so, they are deliberately preparing to increase it. They will not even make the slightest inquiry respecting the evil that already exists. Such conduct is as senseless as that of the ostrich, that seeks safety in hiding its head, and refusing to see its pursuers. Exposure must come sooner or later, and if we may judge from present appearances, the time is not far off. It is not, however, so much by punish- ing the criminals as by removing the temptations to crime, that such an evil as this can be permanently cured. Men like Mr. Stutt are the mere wreck that the storm of the deadlock threw upon our political shore. They neither re- present nor have convictions. But they find themselves in a position of unwonted power, and they are too ignorant and too coarse to realise the forbearance which their office imposes on them. They see no harm in render- ing services to the public, and in being compensated for them. But they forget that what would be harmless in others is highly improper in members of the Legislature. It is their duty to check Mr. Grant, and not to ask favours of him. If they are adequately to perform this duty, they must abstain from in- curring from the Minister personal obligations. And the simplest and the surest method of securing this abstin- ence is to take care that the Minister shall not be in a position to dispense such favours. The same indomitable energy and expansive enterprise which have united the cities of New York and San Francisco by an iron clamp, promise to find a new outlet in this direction. According to the San Francisco Bulletin, there is a strong likelihood that a company will be formed for the purpose of putting on a line of powerful steamers between the capital of California and the cities of Melbourne and Sydney. It is believed that now the distance from San Francisco to London has been reduced, by the completion of the Central Pacific and Union Pacific Railways, to seventeen or eighteen days it will be possible to compete successfully for the Australian and New Zealand passenger traffic to Europe with the Suez route, both in point of time and as regards the fares. ' Whether this expectation will be justified remains to be seen ; but that the run from these ports to the "Golden Gate would be pleasanter in its character than that from Melbourne to Suez, will be generally acknowledged ; while the opportunities which passengers would enjoy of seeing something of the United States by the way, would no doubt tempt many persons to whom time and money are no particular objects, to give the trans-continental route the preference. A traveller making the railway journey from San Francisco to New York by easy stages, would be enabled to familiarise himself with every phase of settlement and civilisation, from the rude life and border warfare of the territories in which the adventurous pioneer has to arm himself against the forays of hostile Indian tribes, to the wealth, luxury, and splendour of the " Empire City " on the eastern sea- board. He could trace every intermediate step in the progress of society; from the group of slab huts in the " forest " primeval" to the stately rows of marble palaces in the Fifth Avenue and to all colonists such a spectacle would be full of interest, and possibly of instruc- tion and incentive. But apart from the desire of the San Franciscans to attract to their port some portion of the passenger traffic wkiclinow flows through the Red Sea or round the Horn, we may be certain that the Americans will be anxious to multiply their commercial relations with British colonies which are capable of paying for their purchases in gold. ' At present our importations of merchandise, from the United States, though considerable in amount, are irregular in supply, and occupy a tedious time in training. But a line of ocean steamers which should bring Australia within four or five weeks' post of the factories of "Con nëcticùr and the oil t springs" ~ of Pennsylvania, and which would be available for the" conveyance of the better class of measurement goods, could scarcely fail to communicate a marked impulse to the trading operations of the Americans with ourselves. For many years to come, we are likely to be indebted to the former for that infinite variety of labour-saving,machines and appliances which owe their origin to the inventive genius of the American people, j stimulated by the good of necessity. Nor shall we view with the slightest alarm a material increase in the number and value of our commercial transactions with our kindred in the United States for the protectionists to the contrary notwithstanding, all such dealings imply a mutual benefit. Each party disposes of! something he wishes to part with, and obtains something he wishes to possess and the digger's wife who exchanges two or three ounces of gold for an American sewing-machine is no doubt perfectly satisfied as to the prudence and advantage of the barter, and dis- covers in due time that it is one by which she has been actually a gainer. And so with many of the American implements, and with much of the American hardware we im- port. They are found to be service- able to the wants of the population, and whenever the consumers are satisfied that similar articles can be produced here at a smaller outlay of capital and labour than are now required to win the gold which pays for them, we shall make such commodities ourselves in preference to importing them. "We owe an apology to the majority of our readers for the repetition of such truisms, but it is a lamentable fact, and one which impugns the boasted intelligence of our people, that in some quarters it is still believed that a country is impoverished by its im- port trade, and that the foreigner is an ogre, to be legislated against, and to be prevented from carrying out his malevo- lent purpose of putting picks and shovels into the hands of our miners and wash- ing machines into our laundries, of filling our household lamps with cheap kerosene, and of sending us potted salmon to eat with our home-grown cucumbers. There are men, outside of lunatic asylums, who groan over the manifests which are published in our shipping columns, and bewail the monthly export of so many thousand ounces of gold as a public calamity. To such men the prospect of closer, larger, and more frequent commercial relations with our industrious and energetic cousins in America must be a source of trouble and despondency. If it were only possible for us to be isolated from the rest of the world as completely as Robinson Crusoe was in his lonely island, we might " keep all " the gold in the country," and inhabit a fool's paradise. But in these days of steam, electric telegraph, and free trade, this is altogether impossible. Our trade with the United States will go on increasing, and it is for the more far-seeing capitalists of Melbourne and Sydney to determine whether the carrying trade between these ports and San Francisco shall fall into the hands of the Californians, or whether we should not emulate that spirit of enterprise which they have exhibited in establishing lines of steamers to China and Japan, and which promises to render the capital of California a rival in magnitude and importance to the greatest commercial cities of ancient or modern times. Very little business was done in the Legislative Council yesterday afternoon. The further consideration of the Local Government Act Amendment Bill in committee was postponed for a week, Mr. M'Crae stating that the Government considered the amendment on clause 7, adopted the previous day, effected such a material change in a leading principle of the bill that it would be neces- sary to remodel it altogether. The Scab Act Amendment Bill was read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for Tuesday, to which day the House at its rising adjourned. The greater portion of the 19th clause of the Land Laws Amendment Bill, which sets forth the conditions upon which selectors may occupy land under the act, was last night agreed to in committee. No amendment of importance on the clause as it appears in the bill was effected. The words reside on were, on the motion of Mr. Casey, altered to "occupy," but as upon the recommittal of the interpretation clause, the committee will have to determine what the word " occupy" shall mean, the question as to whether residence upon an allotment selected shall be rendered compulsory remains still to be determined. It was resolved that the instalments of 2s. per acre per annum for the land should be paid half yearly in advance, instead of yearly, and attempts were made to reduce the value of the improvements to be made during the three years' currency of the licence norn 20s. per acre to 10s., and also to reduce the total price of the land, including rent, to £1 per acre, but both, endeavours were unsuccessful. After the art exhibitions of Geelong and Melbourne comes that of Ballarat, which was opened by His Excellency the Governor yesterday in the local Mechanics' Institution, in aid of whose funds it is held. The committee of that institution have lately spent some £7,000 or £8,000 in completing the fine range of buildings, on which and its contents they have already spent over £20,000, and, in order to raise the necessary funds, have been stirring themselves to borrow pictures for an exhibition. Owing to the exertions of Mr. W. H. Batten, the secretary, and the admirable arrangement of Mr. G. H. Powis, they have not only secured an excellent collection of pictures, but displayed them in a highly effective manner, i Further than this it is only needful to say, that the majority of the pictures have already been shown at the exhibitions at Geelong and Melbourne. The opening ceremony was quite an event. His Excellency, accompanied by Lady and Miss Manners Sutton, proceeded to Ballarat by special train, and were there received by the mayors of the two boroughs, Mr. Joseph Jones (president of the institute), a guard of honour, and a crowd of several thousand persons, who heartily cheered the Viceregal party. After some delay, and a preliminary survey of the Exhibition, His Excellency performed the work of formal "and auRiivation, and was subsequently entertained at a banquet. The whole party returned to town last night. The South Australian Government has received prompt and satisfactory proof of the soundness of the liberal policy recently inaugurated in connexion with the telegraphic tariff of that colony. Our Adelaide message' states that the returns of the first month's trial of the reduced tariff show an increase of 3,000 messages and of £100 in cash over the returns for the corresponding month of last, year, It is to be hoped this, our Government will not fail, watch the experiment which South Australia is trying with a view to a corresponding reduction of the telegraphic charges in this colony, " If it be not absolutely true," observes the Ballarat Star, " that you may always know a protectionist by his wearing imported clothes there is no doubt that no man can be a Ministerialist unless he abuses the Supreme Court. Ever since those unhappy days when Mr. Higinbotham first took his cranky fit and went in for making precedents, Minis', terialists have hated the Supreme Court because it will administer the law after its own .' fashion, and not after that fashion which would suit the aims of political parties, or exalt the claims of Ministers to power. Ministers have subdued everything but the Supreme Court and a few wicked newspapers. The last great theory here is, that in a true democracy the courts of law do as they are wanted by the men in power, which course of action is to be known as administering the law according to public policy. The world has tried numerous experiments in the forms of government, and although it is not agreed as to which form is best, or as to whether any particular form is best for every nation, it is agreed that there can be no true freedom where the judgment-seat is corrupt 01 is swayed by party or political considera- tions where there is any attempt to administer the law otherwise than as the plain reading of the law is. The struggles of faction, the fury of party strife, the petty meannesses and paltry motives of political warfare are of little moment to a state where the law is supreme and purely administered, and he who seeks to make judges politicians I 01 partisans is striking out the keystone of the great arch of freedom by which he 53 sheltered, which will surely fall and crash him beneath its ruins " The case of Samuel v. Greig, heard yesterday at the County Court, possessed some features of interest. The plaintiff is a merchant in Melbourne, and sought to recover £45 from the defendant, proprietor of a toy and fancy warehouse, under the following circumstances 3-in May last Mr. Greig, having become embarrassed in his business, called a meeting of his creditors. His liabilities amounted to about £800 and it was agreed by them to accept a composition of 12s. 6d. in the pound, to be paid in approved bills at one, two, three, and four months. These were to cover to the extent of 10s. in the pound ; the balance to be paid on a [bill at eight months. This arrangement was entered into on the 7th of May. On the day following, the defendant drew from the Collingwood branch of the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank the sum of £370, which he presented to Mr. Thomas, who was acting for the creditors. The amount was given in lieu of the first four instalments of bills, which were handed over to the defendant, and the usual sum for discounting allowed. This transaction raised suspicions in the mind of the plaintiff as to Mr, Greig's honesty, and, believing he had been guilty of defrauding his creditors, he refused to accept his proportion of the money tendered, or to accede to the terms of the coal. position. Mr. Dowling, the manager of the English, Scottish, and Australian branch Bank, at Collingwood, deposed to the defendant having, on the day on which the composition was made with his creditors, lodged the sum of £250 in the bank to his credit, and having subsequently withdrawn £370, the overdraft having been secured. Mr. Greig explained, in the course of his evidence, the means by which he had contrived to raise the money given to Mr. Thomas, He had sold a large quantity of goods to a person who was going to open a store in New Zealand, he had borrowed £100 from a friend, and, having collected a number of small debts, he was enabled to lodge the sum of £250 in the bank. He was then allowed to overdraw to the extent of £120, which was secured upon a property settled upon his wife, and situated at Prahran. His Honour did not think the count for fraud had been established, and he therefore entered a nonsuit, with leave to apply to have the verdict turned into one for the plaintiff. In the case of Nolan v. Svutlt, the plaintiff sought to recover £11) for injuries sustained through the negligence of the defendant. The latter is the proprietor of certain premises in Bourke street, near which runs a right-of-way. Herd he had piled a quantity of bricks and building materials, over which the plaintiff, who is a somewhat elderly lady, fell, and received several severe contusions about the face. His Honour gave a verdict for £15 and costs. In the City Court yesterday, a young man named Campbell pleaded guilty to the charge of stealing an axe valued at 2s. 6d and was sentenced to three months' ' imprisonment, Shortly afterwards another young man, named Chas. H. Butterworth, was placed in the dock, charged with stealing a purse containing about £7, also a gold watch and chain and some trinkets, from a fellow passenger by the' Explorer, named Elizabeth Davenport for this crime he was sentenced to one month's imprisonment. The difference between the two sentences seemed to create some surprise in court. In the last case the prosecutrix stated that she had been left without any money, and was unable to redeem the watch. She had also lost he situation through coming to Melbourne to prosecute the prisoner. The time of the police-court was taken up] for fully four hours yesterday hearing a charge of housebreaking " against a man named George Taylor. The robbery took place on the night of the 11th inst., at the house of Chang'An Goon, a Chinese merchant residing in Grey-street, East Mo! bourne. Mrs. An Goon on the night in que! tion gave the key of the house to a Mrs Annie Parker, asking her to look after the place while she went out to pay a visit. About seven o'clock Miss Parker went to,thehous( and seeing a light in one of the rooms were to a Mr. Seward residing in the neighbourhood, and asked him to come and see who was the matter. While standing in the from of the house both parties distinctly saw the prisoner with another man the bedroom. Mr. Seward tapped at the window, and the two men escaped the back, He gave chase across the Ew Melbourne flat, calling out, " Stop thief. Hero a regular hunt ensued, several persons joining in the chase. The prisoner double back, and managed to change his trousers substituting a dark pair for the white ones I which he was so easily distinguished in the night. He was stopped by some persons ft striking the wife of a witness named Kelly; The prisoner was also identified by Mr Seward, who caught hold of him as he can over the fence at Jhg,¿,rejír",bfÍAn "Goon house. During tho(h»jaring,jjf, the case the prisoner behaved in a most" insolent mann both to the witnesses and to Inspector Kabat No less than nine witnesses were examining this case. The prisoner was committed of trial at the next general session's. The inquiry before the Steam Navigation Board into the charge against Henry Metcalfe, the chief officer of the ship Exports of having by his culpable negligence caused the loss of the French barque-Brotagno, w completed yesterday. The inquiry, had been adjourned on several previous occasions, consequence of the seaman Woods, who was at the wheel at the time of the collision, n being forthcoming ; but the detective police since the last adjournment, had come acre him at Scarborough, and, he was, now attendance before the board. According, his statement, he went to the wheel at t' a.m., and, the collision took place hour afterwards. When he went to a wheel the mate was lying flat full long on the i hen-coops at the fore' part The poop, and he never sent aft to I -wheel until just after the collision, when he appeared a little confused, like the rest of the men. The chief officer never crossed to the weather side of the poop whonAVoods was at the wheel, and if he went forward he must have gone down by the stops at the lee side. It was a fine clear morning, and a ship could have been seen eight or ten miles off if the view was not obstructed by the sails. He saw nothing of the Bretagne until the collision, and never heard the man on the look- out call out. Judging from the appearance t of the Bretagne's bows, the vessels must have ance end on. The board, after hearing Dr. Mackay, for the French consul, and Mr. Hartley Williams, for the chief officer, and deliberating upon the evidence, found that Metcalfe had been guilty of neglect of duty as officer of the watch on the morning of the collision, and suspended his certificate for twelve months. Something was said to the board by the solicitor for the defence about having the evidence of the witnesses in the two cases-that of the captain and that of the mate kept separate, as an appeal from the decisions of the board is contemplated. The loss of the steamer Reliance, which found' red off Cape Schanck on Saturday last, in consequence of a leak caused by her failure on a rock off Wood's Point on the press' us day, formed the subject of an inquiry by the Steam Navigation Board yesterday. JVftei c Warning a very full explanation from the muster (Paxton) and the engineer (Dal- greyish) who were also cross- examined on behalf of the insurance company, the board found that the master was not to blame for the ar ardent. * It said that the Minister of Justice has s at 1" t expressed his intention to do some thing towards rendering the interior of the Police Court a little more comfortable for those unfortunates whose business keeps them engaged in the court day after day. At present the temperature of the court bears a strong resemblance to that of an ice-house. The annual general meeting of the Horticultural Society of Victoria was held yesterday, at the Mechanics' Institute. A highly satisfactory report respecting the operations of the society during the past year was read and adopted, and from the financial statement submitted to the meeting, it appeared that there was a small balance in hand. Mr. J. Carson was unanimously elected to the office of president, in the place of Sir James Palmer, who was obliged to vacate that position, after holding it for several years, as he could not devote as much time to the interests of the society as he desired. The society propose to hold a spring exhibition, as usual. The tenth annual meeting of the Victoria Life and General Insurance Company was held yesterday. The balance-sheet presented by the directors showed a profit of £16,137 3s., out of which a dividend of 10 per cent, with a bonus of 2s. per share, equal to another 10 percent., was declared. A lad named William Morris, aged sixteen years, residing in Cardigan-street, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a broken arm, caused by a kick from a horse, in a right-of-way off Cardigan-street. John Watson, a bricklayer, aged forty-two years, was also admitted into the hospital, having fallen from Grcenlaw's building, Flinders-lane. He was rendered insensible by the shock, but was not seriously injured. The revision court for the Eltham Road District was held at the police-court, Eltham, or Tuesday last, before Mr. Strutt, P.M., and Messrs. T. Armstrong and H, Stooke, J.P.'s The clerk submitted the lists for the three subdivisions, and stated that neither claims! nor objections had been sent in, neither has any person called to inspect the lists. These were then duly certified to. There were 18 names entered this year as against 189 for 1868, there being a corresponding increase in the number of defaulters, most of whom however, the clerk stated, had since paid their rates. The foundation-stone of the new building now in course of erection at the extensive tannery of Messrs. Brearley Brothers, Break water, was laid yesterday by the Mayor of South Barwon, in the presence of representatives from the three local councils, a number of the leading manufacturers and the gentlemen, and the employés of the esto blishment. There were present about 15 altogether. The declaration of the mayor that the stone was well and ttulylaidwn the signal for repeated cheering and as k dicative of the good feeling existing between employers and employs, a flattering address was presented by one of the curriers, James Watson, on behalf of himself and sixty-six other workmen. The foundation-stone bore the following inscription : Brearley Brothers. Established October 1,1802," in which year the two partners were simply working men, turning out some six or seventy hides per week, the total number of hides then tanned in the colony being about 500 per week. When the improvements are completed, the tannery of Messrs Brearley Brothers will be the largest in of Australia, and as it will be fitted out with the latest modern improvements, they can culate upon being able to supply the markets with about a thousand hid weekly, or twice the quantity which can be made in the colony seventeen years ago This clearly shows what may happen to me in Victoria if possessed of perseverance at enterprise. In a cavity prepared for the purpose underneath the foundation stop an hermetically sealed bottle was deposit containing a copy of The Argus, Geelong: Advertiser, and Register, with several cox of the realm, and a document showing whom and for what purpose the stone w laid. An adjournment was then made to large drying-room of the establishment where all present enjoyed the hospitalities the iii in at a cold luncheon, and the use loyal and other toasts were drunk in bumps of champagne. ' At meetings of the Presbyterian congregations of Woodend and Newham, held Tuesday last, presided over by the Rev. Meek, Gisborne, the members and adhere of this united charge addressed a unanime call to the Rev W. Munro to become the minister. "One of those sad occurrences which happen so easily through accident," well the Pleasant Creek News, took place is week on Mr Walker's farm at Kiora. 3 Walker has for some time had a man in '. employment, who filled a trustworthy pc tion upon his farm, and who during the 1 harvest had one of his eyes rendered slightly in consequence of an injury sustained by t imply in being struck with much force by grain of wheat when superintending the or rations of the threshing-machine. On We nesday last, Mr. Walker visited the farm a requested the man's assistance when do something with one of the calves. The brig was lying upon the ground, and some n we assisting to hold it, when the overs k'Jij^iown to grasp the animal's hind le itonp^oping over it, it kicked out c struck the man's eye with the sharp pc of its hoof, completely breaking it, it causing it to run from the socket. The p fellow could scarcely be made to understand the terrible nature of the misfortune who had befallen him, as he was thus r dered blind for life. An eye-witness said. that when he rose and staggered in his bar ness towards the house, and walked again the dividing fence, there was not a man i sent who did not shed tears. The patient now in the Ararat Hospital, and, in poor health, is progressing favourably." " Agricultural interests in this distri says the Ararat Advertiser, "are what is ca looking vm' just now. Farmers seem have made a fresh start, and to have no heart in doing so than formerly. Perhaps reason is found in the brighter prospect of English market for surplus stock, in the well-sustained, prices given for agricultural produce of all kinds, in the kindly seed and springing time we have been blessed with, or in the working of the new Land Bill, which cannot now be much altered contrary to their interests. Whether it be in one or all of these good things that the farmers rejoice and are hopeful, certain it is that a better tone pervades their conversation, and a more confident spirit their operations." We are reliably informed," says the Western Post, "that the Biraganbil estate, New South Wales, is likely to be worked by a Melbourne company, and negotiations are now on the verge of completion betwixt the Victorian representatives and Mr. G. Rouse, the proprietor. A general licence to mine on the property is to be granted to the company for £20,000. The offer has been made by the Victorian agents, and from it a criterion may be formed of the value they assign to the undeveloped mineral resources of the estate. The main object of the company, we hear, is to search for diamonds and jewels in the river." " A somewhat mysterious attempt to burn down the wooden building at the corner of Market-square, known as the Newmarket Hotel," observes the Ararat Advertiser, was made at a late hour on Wednesday night. The place has been for a long time unoccupied, and it was, therefore, a surprise to Mr. Behrens, photographer, to see an un- steady light gleaming from one of the windows after eleven o'clock. He at first took it to be a candle, but the flicker of it made him doubtful, so he went to look. Being unable to see how the light was caused outside, he lifted the window and got in, when he found that a deliberate attempt to fire the building had been made within a few minutes. In a corner of one of the smaller rooms a piece of rag-the top of a woman's print dress had been fastened up to the wooden partition, and set alight. Behrens arrival was opportune ; another minute or two and the place would have been in flames, for already the woodwork was on fire. He obtained a bucketful of water, put out the flame, and tore down the rag ; but by that time all trace of the person who must have attempted the mischief was lost. The police were informed, and have the matter in hand. It is difficult to account for such a crime, seeing, that the house, although empty, has lately been rented. The property is only partially insured, a policy for £300 being effected upon the hotel, and one for £100 upon the bakery adjoining. It happens, however, that the owner, Mr. Leopold, is just now taking down a portion of the building, and making alterations, a circumstance that would have suspended the operation of the policy, and occasioned him the loss of all. The atrocity of the crime, too, is in this instance increased by the fact that a poor woman who slept in a room almost adjoining must have been sacrificed. It is to be hoped that some circumstance may transpire that will afford a clue to the offender, and secure the punishment due to such a malicious and cowardly crime." "The bridge over the Murrumbidgee, at Hay, says the Riverine Herald, " will consist of four openings of about sixty feet each, the two Centre ones swinging on an iron cylinder pier, twelve feet in diameter, and the side ones being fixed at the outer ends on iron cylinder piers, five feet in diameter, and at the inner end on iron screw pile piers. The girders are to be lattice girders, double triangular, on a principle not before applied in the colony." "The Lounger," in the Launceston Examiner, intimates that the latest accession, to the Legislative Assembly of Tasmania is a man (of Spartan simplicity :-" The new member for George Town will enter the coming Parliament fully determined to economise in all departments of the public expenditure. One of the best of walkers, frugal and abstemious, Mr. James Scott can do forty miles for a day's work, living upon his country's staple, and drinking of the brook by the way. Whilst some candidates spend thousands of pounds upon their election, Mr. James Scott's election expenses amounted to the very modest sum of 2s. 4d. A worthy disciple of the late Joseph Hume is Mr Scott." Inspecting the Waterhouse quartz reefs, and the Pioneer Reef in particular, the special correspondent of the Tasmanian Times writes -"The cap of the reef is about ten feet wide, and gradually decreases as the shaft is carried down to a depth of twenty feet, when it continues of a uniform thickness of six feet to a depth of thirty-three feet, the distance which it has been sunk The stone appears to be richer the further they go down. There are already about 100 'tons raised, which I think will average from 5oz. to 10oz. per ton, and now that the party have returned from Melbourne they intend to open out at once The country around abounds in quartz reef and leaders, with every prospect of there being payable, from the specimens that are found on almost every hill. The surface also I contains gold in small quantities ; but I did not think any alluvial ground will be found payable within two or three miles, as there i I no drift gravel in any of the holes that have been sunk in the immediate neighbourhood of the Pioneer Reef." "A report has been current in town for some days past," says the Hobart Town Evening Mail, " although kept within a very limited circle, of the discovery of a splendid bed of silver ore, which has on assay yielded at the rate of 100 ounces of silver to the ton The whereabouts of this discovery is for the present a profound secret, the discoverers are having yet taken the necessary steps for securing the land on which it has been found." With respect to the discovery of bismuth near Balhannah, the South Australian Air vertiser gives the following particulars : " Mr. Ey and others were directing operations on the ground in search of copper, when the appearance, and more particularly the weigh of some ore picked out, attracted attention and the stuff proved to be bismuth. A pound and three-quarters of the stone was melted down, and yielded lib. 3oz. of rough bismuth part of which being refined, lost a small proportion of its weight. Mr. Ey calculates that fully 64 per cent, of pure bismuth will be of tained from stone of this quality. The meat is easily extracted, there being but a very small percentage of copper in it. Whether there is a large supply of the ore has yet be proved, as the specimens obtained are from the surface ; but no time will be lost i testing the value of the discovery." The South Australian Register says a"M Heuzenroeder, of Rundle-street, brought our office on the 13th inst., two fine, rough diamonds, weighing one carat and a half and one carat, both of which were found i Echunga some time since. They are out Kedron crystals, and the largest shows fort eight facets. He informs us that many has been sent to England, and urges more ca: among the diggers in examining their was! ing stuff, as it is known that diamonds a usually found among gold." The Rockhampton Bulletin of the 8th ins says-We hear of discoveries made in various directions recently of valuable copper deposits. Mr. Hanson, an experienced copper miner, who spent a fortnight here last month in visiting several localities around Rockhampton spoke enthusiastically of the rich' ness of the specimens he obtained, pr nouncing them superior to anything he had seen in South Australia or the Peak Downs. He had also visited Broadsound, ar spoke favourably of the indications of copper there. We understand that Mr. Arthur Mackenzie went to Brisbane to secure a sea of two copper sections near Broadsound, as that the specimens from that quarter are we rich.. A seam of coal is said to be discovered I near Port Bowen. We are in the centre of great mineral wealth, and no fear need be entertained of the future of Rockhampton. I From the Peak Downs gold and copper continue to arrive. There are now about 150 tons of copper in town. At Rosewood, in a few weeks, the first smelting will take place." ! The benighted countries of the old world are not to be suffered to enjoy a monopoly of ghosts. The Burrangong Argus assures us they have established one of their own in that neighbourhood. It says-The these enlightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the following statement of what has befallen three respectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men referred to are splitting posts and rails for fencing, at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw anything unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush, near their hut, a white object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary-looking object suddenly before their eyes sprang up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could got no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm, still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and upon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about, and they are all quite sure that neither on this nor the former occasion was it either a man or a woman, Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumb- founded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange unearthly look- ing animal somewhat resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot tooknooffect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above, They watched it for some time, the place being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last these men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down, and its contents brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards fell a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance." ' For the velocipede races and athletic sports to take place at the Collingwood Cricket ground on Saturday next, which will consist of six events, there are in all seven ty-six entries, besides twenty- seven entries for the velocipede exhibition to be held at the same time. The three principal prizes are £10 each. 1 "A Charming Woman" and Black Sheep" were repeated last night at the Theatre Royal, to a somewhat limited audience, which endeavoured to compensate for the coldness of the atmosphere by the warmth of its applause. Miss Bowring and Mr. Steele are suited with characters in " Black Sheep" calculated to bring out their special qualifications, and it may be doubted whether the lady is ever seen to such advantage as in a domestic drama presenting situa- tions and incidents demanding the display of a certain suppressed intensity of feeling, Special performances will be given to-night, under the auspices of the Old Colonists' Association. Mr. Coppin, who has undertaker to provide funds for No. 1 alms house of the association for the aged and infirm, will appear in six of his favourite impersonations and as the object is one deserving of public support, there will no doubt be a large at tendance. There was a large attendance at Weston'! Opera-house last evening, and the entertainments were very favourably received. Some changes in the programme are announced for; this evening and on Friday, which is a Viceregal command night, a selection of the most popular portions of the minstrels' entertainment will be presented. It is announced that the Rev. D. S M'Eacharn will preach in the Independent Church, Prahran, this evening. The annual meeting of the East Melbourne Adelaide and Carbine Club will be held at the Port Phillip Club Hotel at eight o'clock this evening, for the transaction of important business. The monthly meeting of the New Third Victoria Building Society was held last evening, at their offices, 56 Little Collins-street east ; Mr. G. W. Rusden, president, in the chair, who announced the month's receipts: to be £2,100. Thirty-one and a half share were sold at £5 premium and upwards. The third or a series of lectures was given by Mr. J. S. Bowman, at the Retreat hall, in aid of the funds of the Brunswick Mechanics' Institute, on Tuesday evening. The subject was, "The earth's structure and its adaptation to man," which was so skil- fully compiled and so profusely elaborated aided by diagrams, that the utmost attention was secured by it for upwards of two hour and a half. Mr. T Wilkinson (in the absence of Mr. E. Cope) occupied the chair. 