STATE AID QUESTION IN VICTORIA. Tun important debate on State Aid to lieligicn took pb.es in the Legislative Assembly, on Y/eilcesday, 25th August, of which the following is a r.'port: — Mr M-CULLO 'H ross and movcci that the amount of £50,000 set apart by tho Constitution Act for religious purposes be reduced by i 10,000 every year on and aft,-r 1870, so that State-aid to reliirioii should be finally abolished ia 187-1. This question had been raised on various occasions at general elections, and a very general opinion expressed that the aid should be a^olishd at as early a date as possible Iu tho year 18fi(l tho question was very prominently brought for.vanl, and the result was tho intro.hic'ion of a bill into that, H-.'uso in 1857 proposing to abolish State aid almost immediately. It passed that House, but w.nj rejected in another place. Iu 1859, a.a;ain, after the jocoplo had bad another opportunity of oppressing an opinion oil the subject, a bill was introduced by himself, and was carried almost unanimously. The Legislative Council also passed it by a very largo majority, although unfortunately there was not an Absolute majority, as required by tho Constitution Act. A measure was introduced aijain in TSGl, and carried iu that Heu?eby a largo majority, but it was rejected m another place. Many looked upon State-aid as a necessity for the maintenance of religion ; but he did not believe that religion was to lie maintained or forwarded by anything tho State could do in tho way of affording a temporary assistance to it. (Mr Kerferd: Hear, hear.) Ho dosired to remove this false support, which he believed did much to prevent the real dissemination of religion. State churches were not characterised by the liberality of their people, or a Keai m their part for the dissemination of religion. They were taught to rely upon the State for support, aud this dried up the springs of chanty. He had not the least apprehension of auy injury to tbe extension of religion by the withdrawal of the £50,000 a year granted by the .State in this colony, aud he believed that if those who professed so strong- a conviction of its necessity only had a little more faith in the principles which they held, aud broufi;bttho.'-e principles to bear on the people, tliey would tind a far more abundant liberality towards th" church. The time had come wlieu the churches in this colony should be disendowed, and the example set by the British Parliament in that noble and liberal act, carried through b >th Hou-es, was vorihy of all admiration, and ought to be followed in this colony. It was stated that we ha I no I'-.stabli-'hment here, but at ail eve:it.s there was a very close appro-.ich to it. Every party was aide?! by the State, and tho contending sects were deriving their Mipnort out of each other's pockets. The Irish Church Establishment was a crying iujustice, but ho would like to know whether u large section of tho people of this country wore not suffering just such an injustice as that church ii.llicted upon the people of Ireland. On conscientious grounds a considerable portion of this community was debarred f-roin receiving State-aid, and this portion included tho Independents, Baptists, and a largo section of tho Presbyterians, lie .isked why they should bo called upon to contribute to the support of other bodies which they believed to bo in error? The document presented that eveuiug from tbe Bishop had certainly a little surprised him. Tho bishop said the grant of £50,000 per annum was absolutely necessary for tho maintenance of religion in this country. But what- did he say not so very long ago with respect to this very subject? In 1851 the Bishop said in public, at au Episcopalian assembly, " Tho amount is not apportioned according to tho means of tho sects, bu r . according to their numbers One of the churches thus supported teaches doctrines subversive of true religion." Ho declared himself opposed to an established church, and said that by recognising one they would do what would prove most injurious .to the progress of true religion and piety. Then camo tho question—were they to reject State support, aua depend entirely upon voiuntarv assistance ? And with a full sonso of tho difficulty iu his way, he would answer—Yes. (Laughter.) Tho voluntary system had not failed iu America—why should it hero V' Now, if the Bishop of Melbourne thought that tho endowing of one section of tho church was so injuriim;; in J851, he (Mr .I'Culloch) would iiku iu uuow wh.tt had oceui.ed since to lead to an alteration of his opinion. Had his views become moro closely assimilated to tho doctrino of the church he thought so far wrong iu 1851 * What had chauged his mind on so vital a uomt? Tho same reverend bishop said in a' letter which ho addressed to the newspapers in 1852, when it was proposed to iucroiso too grant:—" As io anv increase of the amount of tho grant, I would most earnestly deprecate it as an approval of and tending to perpetuate a false and most pernicious principle, and as stereotyping as far as tho State can do S0, every existing religious error. The recent petition of the Roman Catholics must, I think, make every Protestant legislator sensible that that church feels itself dependent upon State support for its continued existence ('Hear, hear' and laughter) iu this colony, and that its priests are awato of the impossibility of retaining their dominion over the conscienccs of au intelligent and independent people, susli as tho people of Victoria are likely to become. Great, therefore, in my opinion is the guilt of assisting to prop up amougst us this system of satauio delusion." (Laughter.) This showed tha + , the continuance of tho payment had led the Bishop of Melbourne and other parties also t-> look upon it as a matter of far more importune'.: even than the satauic delusion. (Laughter.) It was a dangerous thing for tho State to continue granting sums of money either to one section or another. If the State was to give towards tho support of auy section it should give to all, Koman Catholics and Jews as well as others. (Hear, boar.) The House had recognised this somo tune ago, when it expressly declared tbo Jews entitled to a share in the grant. The only euro for the evil was to take ."way the grant root and branch. (Hear, hear.) It wouid bo seen that he did not intend to remove the aid suddouly. but he would give tho seels tim?, if they really required it, to make up tho small amount of which they would be deprived. It would no doubt he stated that many clergymen came to tiiis country on the faith of receiving a portion sh.iuhl be attached to that, for the people had plainly intimated twelve years ago tli-u, the system iuus- come to an end at no distant day. He found that tho amouuts annually received by the churches from tho State for stipends were:— i;hurob of England, £10.CM : U -mau Catholics, £5330: Presbyterians, £3415; Wes- 1 cyans. £2149 ; Lutherans, £352 ; Unitarians, £75 ; Primitive Methodists, £108. Tho Presbyterian minister^ received about £10 a year each; the Church of England, £100 on an average, with £800 for the Bishop ; tho Roman Catholics, £75 to £100. He proposed, in a second resolution which would be submitted, that the lands hold for church purposes should he handed over to the denominations, so they might sell thorn if th'.-y pleased, provided that thoy devote 1 tho proceeds to church purposes. The total quantity of thi.- land » as 1750 or 1800 acres, which might be estimated on an average at £10 , ;n atere iu value. Some of the sites in Melbourne which might be sold under this permission by tho llou-u were very valuable. In conclusion, he formally movod the resolution. (Applause.) Mr J. T. SMITH expected to be scouted at, trodden on almost (laughter), for taking an uupopular si le, but he felt bound ;to oppose the resolution. He considered that the lion, the Chief Secretary had been insulting towards the Bishop. ('• Oh, oh," aud laugh'••er). Half the churches in the land would never have been built but for State-aid. He knew from whence a good deal of the opposition to the grant came. It sprang from a desiro to soe tho Church of England grovelling in the dust. (Oil, oh.) Mr FELLOWS said the Chief Secretary had referred to three or four occasions on which a bill like that had been passed in that House, from which he understood the hon. member to infer that the opinion of the country was in favor of the abolition of State-aid if it could be carried elsewhere. If such wore the view intended to be thrown out, he coidd assure hon. (members it was not tho ease, because sincej the times referred tc—only about four years ago—the question was debate! in that House, and the bill was rejected by a majority votiog against it ou tho second reading. Tbe reasons which had been assigned for abolishing the grant-in-aii appeared to him altogether insufficient, aud the only statement he could collect out of tho speech of the Chief Secretary was that one sect of people had to pay out ot their pockets for another sect. He denied that it was the fact that one denomination contributed more to the reveuue than another did without receiving a full return. (Mr Apinall: Chiuese. Laughter.) Will, he did not kno.v much ot them, but excluding them, there was no foundation whatever for sayi- g that one sect supported another, because they all contributed equally to the general revenue, ami were in fact receiving from the vote tho contributions tin-y made themselves. (No, no.) Reference had been made to what was termed tho " noble legislation'' which had recently dealt with the Irish Church. lie did not wish tc consider that question, but would point out that it had no bearing on tiw present one, for it must bo borne iu mind th it the bodies in Iceland did not derive au equal benefit, while here they wore all ou the same footing. Even allowing, however, that t.ho analogy between th i two cases held, the mode of dealing with the Irish Ohurch was different from the mod ', proposed here. Thoy all knew that the existing rights of persons who received benefits from the Irish Church Establishment were acknowledged by tho home Legislature, but nothing was proposed here. The proceeds; derived from the Irish Church were to Do devoted to the establishment of lunatic asylums or charities, but it was very curious that the abolition of the grant-in-aid shou'd bo proposed here when therj might be a chance of passing a precisely similar sum—£50,000—for the payment of members. Ho should vote against tho ro-iilutiou. Mr G PATON .SMITH was surprised to hear the hon. member for St. Kilda say that persons had ii J right to complain of State-aid in this colony, bocauso all contribute! eq ally, and tho State gave away the money equally. Tho hon. member would become awaro, if he looked at the statistics on the table, that thodisbuisopients of tho grant were only given to a portioa of tho people hero, aud that there were large denominations who received no aid, who, therefore, necessarily paid to support tho others. (Hear, hear) If he (Mr Smith), for instance, give a portion of tho grant to the -tate, and no portion was returned to him, it wau obvious ho was paying to support s jiiiu one else. To show tho inoou:-i.',te:icy of tho hon. member (Mr. Fellows), ho said that iu 1859 tho lion, member moved tho second read- ing of a similar bill in another House. Ho read from Hansard extracts irom the speech of Mr. Follows when seconding tho bill, iu one of which the hon. member stated that he seconded tho bill from personal convictions, and not because it was a Government measure. (Loud laughter.) It was obvious that at that time tho hou. member hod somo convictions. Another remark which Mr Fellows made in the same speech was to the effect that it seemed quite inconsistent that, bocauso a sum of money was set apart as a grant iu aid, all denominations were placed on tho same footing. (Loud laughter.) Well, now, the hon. member argued that all wore ou a level. At that same second reading in IS59 the hon. member also said "thatit was not possible for persons with strong religious feelings to believe that others of a different tone of feeling could bo so far right as that they would willingly contribute to • the support of that different religion." How amazingly different was the hon. member when speaking from "conviction''iu another place, aud speaking from his position ou tho Opposition beaches in tho Legislative Assembly. There was ono omission, howover, which tho hon. mcmbor had made in his speech that night—ho did not say he spoke from peronal conviction I-Ie (Mr G. 1'. Smith) then, to show (he improper manner in which tho various denominations expended the fund, said that ao far from ministers and congregations in reinote districts receiving tli'i aid, a "large proportion of it was absorbed by clergymen in populous districts—gentlemen who ought, if there were auy value in religion, and they were capable of being its ministers, to maintain themselves from the offerings of their congregations. From the sum of £10,500 which the Church of England received from tbe grant for clergymen, no loss a sum thau £1000 was devoted in Melbourne to the payment of clergymen who visited tho liospitd," the Benevolent Asylum, the Industrial Schools and the Deborah hulk. He wcuId have thought that if those clergymen were anxi Mis t>n e;v ry out their duties, they w.mld have visited such places withoir, reward, and it was a shame to them that they touk the money. Then a considerable portion of the same £10,500 was paid to the dignitaries of tho s ;me church. The Bishop received £300, the Archdeacon of Jeelong £450, the Dean received a consider.iblo sum, as did also the Archdeacon of Castlemaine. It was not for the advancement of religion that those sums were expended, but for the advancement of dignitaries. (Hear, hear) He also found that £450 of the sum voted for the Presbyterians was expended amongst clergymen in Melbourne, Richmond, South Yarra and the neighborhood, who received the miserable sum of £40 8s 8d each. There were gentlemen taking that small sum, aud depriving the cu -- f ry districts of it, whose incomes v from £600 to £1000 each (No, no.) •\\\ * iu. hi.d r.won to believe that the gentleman -ho recently signed a petition to that House had au income of nearly £1000, and yet lie took tho £40 Ss 8d. As regarded the Wosleyans, ho siid that the whole ainouut received by that body for stipends was ab-orbed io the Melbourne, Geelong, Fitzroy, Brighton, Warrnambool, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Kyneton and Tarnagulia districts, which could well pay for their ministers; while in the remote parts iu which Methodism had nourished there were 110 clergymen at all. The money, in fact, instead of being spent for religion, went into the pockets of gentlemen who ought to be ablo to maintain a respectable position, aud whose congregations could afford them adequate support. The hon. member for West Bourke (Mr J. T. Smith) was a trustee of a church that had repudiated its obligations'aud grossly misappropriated its public lands. Thoy bad built a line of shops ou their frontage and appropriated the rent to the payment of tho clergyman, to whom the congregation scarcely contributed anything; and, further, they had attempted to shift an obligation attached to tho school and the church oil to the school fund alone. He fovmd that the Church of England, with an average attendance of 30,000 persons, received £19,(592; the I'res'oyteriau Church, with au attendance of 31,000, £3445; and the Wosleyans, with au attendance of 43,000, £2149 for their clergymen; aud the money was not, therefore, spent equally for religion, because ! the most pushing denominations in tho colon)', which had gone furthest inlaud, were the I Wesleyaus and tho Primitive Motho .ists ("' No, ; no," and " hear, hear"), who received the least | amount of State aid. The Independents aud Bap- ' tists received none, and it could not be denied i that they had acted as efficiently for tho dissemination of religious truths as auy other denomination. He could well understand that iu 1851 it might have been desirablo to subsidise roligious bodies butwbat proportion of assistance could tho i'50,000 now give to the largo population of the country? In a few years' time, too, it would bo less in proportion to each of those who should receive it, while dignitaries would still receive the simo sum. If they abolished the grant thoy would bo doing a good work and advancing the principles of religion, which he believed were now sinking under the miserable differences and complications raised between tho seets. Mr BLAIR said that when the £50,000 was first voted it was never expected that any minister would offer to claim a stipend for life out of it, and he hoped the canting whines which were set up about individual justieo and individual rights would not be brought into tho argument respecting the bill again. They had really nothing at all to do with religion in Parliament but to let it alone ; theirs was only a political and a secular function. It was cant also to say that the supporters of the resolution were hunting for popularity in trying 1 to pass it; for suroly if there was a strong impression outside amongst tho community in favor of tho abolition of Stato-aid, thon unquestionably they would bo doing their duty by giving effect to that impression aud voting in favor of the resolution. 'Die hon. member further spoke in favor of tho voluntary principle, and read extracts from an article contributed by tho llev. Newman Hall to the JiraadxMt•/ Mayucmc for June, iu which thit learned divine dotailed his experience of the very bonolicial working of voluntaryism ia the United States and Cauada. i Mr MACBAIN intended to vote for tho abolition of stato aid. Ever since ho read, many years ago, " Gladstone's Church and State," and tho late Mr Macaulay's criticisms upon it, ho was forced to the conclusion that, Mr Gladstone was wrong, a^ i t.'.at a State church could not be uphold. The hon. member thon said that if Statg-aid was right, tho Bum of £50,000 for so large a population as that in this colony was altogether insufficient ; and it would require £500,000, or oven a million, to support the system properly. There was another point to which he wished to direct attention, which was the statement that several of tbe ministers of the Presbyterian Church who wore in the receipt of from £600 to £1000 a year were in receipt of the £48 8s 8d State-ai<i allowed to each minister of that denomination ; this he must deny, since there was only one minister in receipt of the £1000 per annum, and he had never received one shilling of Government money either for stipend or for the crection of his church. Further, he belonged to a church and congregation which had never touched <;ne shilling of the State grant. It was true that a portion of the Presbyterian Church in the colony held that it was duty of the State to support the churches, yet there was a very large body which was entirely in favor of the essentially voluntary system without any aid whatever. This latter body, with the experience of the mother country, were willing; to abandon the aid of the State, and rely entirely on the support of tlieir adherents. The Free Church, which had been established in 1843, was a standing monument of what the voluntary system could do when carried out in its integrity. This church had done more than any State church had ever done to diffuse the doctrine of Christianity throughout the country. lie was of the same opinion as that advocated by Mr Bright and other great statesmen, that there was no danger of the people abandoning their religion if the State ceased to support it, but that, on the contrary, every church would take the means of securing the goodwill of their adherents, and that the churches, for the £50,000 of State money which they lost, would get £500,030 from the voluntary contributions of their supporters. He thought that the removal of the State grant would be the best thing that had ever happened to the church, for as long as it remained the churches would be simply leaning on a broken rjod. Allusion had been made to another section of the church, the Ionian Catholic, and he was assured that they would not bi behindhand in wishing the S r ate-aid abolished. Indeed, some persons who were in a position to give an opinior, while they contended for their proportion so long as the State granted aid, they were indifferent if the aid were withdrawn at any time. He was assured that with their spontaneous and impulsive liberality, they would more than make up the requirements of the church. The very branch of the •church which should have been the first to have volunteered to have abandoned the principle of State-aid was the very one to cling the most pertinaciously to their principle that it was the duty of the State to support the church to which they belonged. Then again, he would draw attention to the distribution of the "rant. The money was distributed on the basis of the census of 1861. • The distribution was unfair, and if it was to be at all equitable it should be accordinr to results. (Laughter.) The hon. member then compared the statistics of the distribution, and went on to say the Wesleyan Methodists, who were the pi sneers of the colony in religious matters, and who had done as much, if not more, than any other church, received one of the smalle : t amounts of the grant. In some cases the grants were virtually misapplied, as in the case of the Church of England, much of the grant went to support ministers who ought to have blushed to touch the money. For all these reasons, ho said emphatically, abolish the system. Mr MACMAHON moved as an amendment, that £10,000 be reduced to £5000, and the years extended from 1874 to 1879. Mr HIOINBOTHAM said that he had on the last occasion spoken in favor of and in support of State-aid, and now in supporting the motion he felt that it was due that he should state the reasons for bis change of views upon the question. He had sot out with the opinion some years ago that it was the duty of the Church to support religion, but time and circumstances, while they had not altered his view in the abstract, had led to a modification of them in their practical and manifest results. His opinions had started from a totally different point to that of the previous speaker, not from the principle of the benefit derived from religion, but from the fundamental and underlying principle. It was first drawn from the work of Gladstone on the Church and the State, and was based on principles which had never been controverted or overthrown. It was laid down that a State was in its actions of a necessity a personality, and that it cannot act and exercise its function-4 except upon principles of religion and irreligion This did not apply merely where it performed certain high and important function®, but in every state of action and existence it must in the necessity of things be influenced by religious or irreligious principles. In the estnblishment of independent Government in the colony an attempt had been made by an act of Parliament to separate the Church and State, which was simply attempting to do by aE act of Parliament what no act could do. It was a problem of at least 1600 years old, but it was ever found that religion and civil power were so blended that every attempt to separate them ever hid failed, and ever would fail. When he thus spoke of religion he did not mean to refer to any particular form of belief or creed, to any school of theology or the dogmas of any church. He used the word in the sense of a definition which had always much force with him, and what he meant was that religion which expressed the religion of all without including the fanaticism of any. True, the hon. member for Dalhoasio would say that this was a fantastic and chimerical definition of religion, but that was what he meant by it, and not any creed or sect. When the proposition was laid down that we should, if possible, aid religion, it beaame necessary that we should understand what was meant by religion, before we talked about aiding it. The expression State-aid to religion he objected to; it had always prated harshly on his ear, and he thought that the expression was objectionable if not even irreverent. He failed to perceive how it was in the power of 1 eState tc aid religion, which was far beyond its power. True, it was in the power of the State to pay a tribute to religion, and to aid the persons engaged in promoting its diffusion, but as to aidi"g religion itself, that it could not do. Tt was only within the last two or throe years that he had commenced to alter his views as to the practicable relation which should exist between the church and the State. About two foars ago, when the question was before tho legislature, by which it was provided tkat the J people might provide for their children a national religion, which should not interfere with the religious opinions of any of tho churches, and the action of tho religious heads on this matter first started him on a new train of thought. The opinions expressed at this time by the leligious LesdV of the various denominations were of such an unexpected character that they had startled him, and had driven him into conclusions painful to his feelir. gs. Their answer to the question " What is religion ?" was practically ''Our own do 'mas and doctrines, and we dont undnrstand what you mean by religion in any other sense of the word. We only understand our own dogmas, and these we wish to propagate and teach, and call it religion." They ignored the existence of a national religion, such as he had referred to, wh'ch embraced all, and which led to national virtue and an elevated national character. Putting the question in that light, what reason could be adduced why the State should aid this religion ? Tli.-re was a continually growing class of persons who attached but little importance to any form of doctrine, and who believed that every form of doctrinal theology had little or no effect whatever in the guidance of life and the formation of morals. A smaller section of the community believed that dogmatic theology was of essential importance both to themselves and to the welfare of the community. He should like to hear a person holding this view defend the system which lends indiscriminate assistance to all sects of religion tho doctrines of some of which he must believe to be fatal to the highest interests both of himself and of the community. (Hear, hear.) He could not but believe that any heads of a denomination who overlooked this disregarded the welfare of the community in their desire to secure the welfare of their own sect. It was thus p:a ; n that they had not the highest interests of the country at heart, and t lierefore were undeserving the support or aid of the country, since tbe religious bodies had no connection whatever with religion in the sense of the word in which he used it. The results of the t-ast system of aid had bean referred to, aud the number of churches erected had been cited as a proof of the good done, but he must suggest that this was no proof that any religious good had been effected. A letter which he had read from a peer and a divine, designated England as " a Church-poxed country," and the same might be said of Victoria, from the number of churches erected; but for the real effects of religion they must look for deeper aud for nobler results. He had no desire to say anything offensive, but he must say that the churches in general were not doing their duty in promoting religion and education. In supporting the Chief Secretary's motion he had no wish to enter into the question, as to when the grant should end, but would rest satisfied with voting that it should eud. It was a question for the heads of denominations to decide whether the building of churches was the same thing as the propagation of the Gospel; and it was for the House to say whether in supporting such a system it was doing wisely in granting State-aid to religion, Mr DUFFY said that having arrived at the same conclusion as the hon. member for Brighton, by a widely divergent path, he thought that it was his duty to state his reasons for the vote he should give on the question. When he entered that chamber, thirteen years before, he was in favor of the State aiding all religious denominations. The reason of his holding this view was, that in all the best governed kingdoms the religions were supported by tbe State. It was so in Catholic France and Bslgium, and in Protestant Saxony and Germany. But though this was so, he never for an instant supposed that religion could not exist without this aid. He was therefore, altogether at issue with tbe rev. bishop in his remarks in the letter read by the hon. the Chief Secretary. He there stated that he was opposed to the system of State- aid, since it fostered what he termed a satanic agency, which said the right reverend gentleman could not exist on the voluntary system. He did not make this reference to Dr. Perry's letter with any ill feeling, but simply to illustrate what were the effects it produced on his mind. It was evident to him that the epithet was applied to the religion of which he was a member, and since he hailed from a country where they entirely supported religion at their own cost, he had no fear of it falling under the voluntary system (Hear, hear.) The experiences of past years were all against the supposition that a voluntary system was injurious to the church. He was much touched by one or two incidents which he had witnessed in his life. Ho remembered when a long train of aged men in Scotland voluntarily severed themselves from their connection with the State rather than be trammelled with it, and he had witnessed their triumphant success and tho progress of their church. The Oxford movement was another instance where many noble men severed themselves from their c >nnection with the State, to join what they considered a purer religion and one in which they had more faith. Then again, in the famine year, when thousands died of sheer starvation, did the priests desert their posts? No ! barefooted, with scarce a rag to their backs, they ministered to the dying, doing their duty while they had scarce a potato to live upon. (Hear, hear.) It was the voluntary system that stood by tho church there, and it ever would. He had, ten years ago, when Mr Michie proposed his bill to abolish Stato-aid, supported him on the condition that a bill should be brought in establishing the religious equality of all the denominations. (Hear, hear.) This bill was passed by the Assembly, but was rejected by a small majority in the Council. Mr Michie kept his word, the Equality Bill was brought in and passed. He (Mr Duffy) however, considered himself bound by his premise to oppose State - aid whenever it came up, and he had done so, and would do so on this occasion. (Hear, hear.) He did not hold the view of tho hon. member for Brighton, that it was not well to encourage denominational religion, since he thought that it was desirable to teach that men &hould; not steal, murder, or bear false witness, and all and every denomination taught this. He failed to understand the hon. member for Brighton's allusion to a national virtue and elevated national character not being based on dogma, since ho thought that it could not have a better basis than the Ten Commandments, and this was'dqgrna. He thought that national character could jiot be founded on a butter basis than the Christian religion, and since he thought this, he would prefer to see religion taught by any religious body rather than no religion at all; but did not see this implied the intervention of the State The hon. member for Brighton had been very severe in his remarks upon the aggregations 0f bricks and mortar used as places of worship. The hon. gentleman might not like to 6it as a member of Parliament in the open air. (Laughter.) Church buildings were necessary, and it was merely visionary to speak of carrying on religious ordinances without them. He hoped that if the House did take away the grant now, it would be do:-;e more gently than had been proposed. Such a change ought to be brought into operation almost imperceptibly. Mr WRIXON, as a member of tho Church of England, felt that it had been somewhat hardly dealt with by some hon. members in this discussion. Whpn the history of our cyale came to be written, the work performed by the Church of England would have a prominent place in it. The enceavor of that church was to adapt itself to the spirit of the time without sacrificing its principles, and it succeeded in embracing widely different shades of opinion within its fold. However, ho did not care to enlarge upon that point. (Hear, hear.) While he belonged to one of the assisted denominations he eould not, as the hon. member for Dalhousie did, argue as if all were of one way of thinking, and of his own. It must be remembered that the population of this colony included individuals of the most diametrically opposite opinions. As a principle, he was convinced tkat no party ought to be assisted by the State, but still he had to look to existing circumstances. There were certain simple moral teachings in which all the churches agreed, and which it was necessary to inculcate. Now, it was a fact that in many of tbe outlying districts of this colony this instruction could not be afforded to the young without State-aid to religion. Those districts would bo left entirely destitute of relipious influences if State-aid were withdrawn. This he mentioned as a fact, and he felt that he must relax his principles to meet such a case. The population of this colony, distributed as it was over so wide an extent of territory, could not be compared to the inhabitants of a city liko Birmingham, for instance. So scattered, it was inevitable that many of tho inhabitants must be left unprovided for unless tho State supplied the means of reaching them, without arguing upon the duty of the inhabitants of more centralised neighborhoods to provide for the religious wants of sparsely populated places, he simply declared that they would not do so, and that these places would be left destitute. What was the consequence? A generation growing up devoid of religious instruction. Mr HARCOURT rose simpiy to correct an error of the hon. the Attorney-General's. The Wesleyan clergy did not receive the Government aid d'rectly as the hon. gentleman gave it to be understood, but the money was paid into a fund to be distributed for aid in cases of necessity. Mr G. V. SMITH bad been surprised with the remarks of the hon. member for Belfast (Mr Wrixon), as he had been surprised with many other most inconsequential arguments from gentlemen of high ability. The hon. member for Belfast should have called to mind tkat in America there were states with double the area of Victoria and only half its population, where the star.dard of religion was as high as in England or in this country, and where, nevertheless, the principle of Stateaid was not recognised. America was, indeed, the best example in point. He contended that in no country was there so much vital religion as in America, and he contrasted it with the opposite countries of Sweden and Spain, in both of which there was State-aid, and in which public morality was much lower than in the backwoods of America, where they never heard religion preached. The hon.JJmember for Brighton had surprised him in no less a degree than the hon. member for Belfast. But that he had a closer knowledge of Mr Higinbotham's opinions than that gentleman's speech afforded, he would suppose there was very littlo difference between them and those of the hon. member for Dalhousie. The hon. member for Brighton had referred to Mr Gladstone's essay on Church and >tate. In that very essay Mr. Gladstone showed that while the respect for dogma had decreased in England, the tone of actual morality and religion among the people had improved. Mr. LONGMORE never intended to enter at length in the question, but he could not let the remarks of the hon. member for Brighton pass. That hon. gentlemen argued, in fact, in favor of a State religion ; and what did a State religion mean? Intolerance and persecution. The hon. member for the Wimmera was a member of a church which would not allow a minister to go to a congregation without he were p^id £300 per year. Supposing the Apostle Paul had not gone out under less than that, there would not" have been any Christianity. He hoped the Ministry would not lengthen the term beyond the five years mentioned in the resolution. Mr LANGTON belonged to a sect which had always been compelled to contribute to others while they were prevented from conscientious scruples from receiving anything themselves. He did not support the resolution from the view that the sects were of no value to the country, for they could not really determine what were the advantages or results derived from the teaching of religion in tbe colony. The fact, however, that those results could not be determined convinced him that the State should not attempt to aid a system the advantages of which it could not know. The hon. member, at some length, replied to some of the arguments of tbe hon. member for Brighton against dogmatic religion. Mr BURTT could only have wished that the Chief Secretary had brought in a bill to abolish the whole £50,000 at once. Ho was a member .of a body which carried out voluntaryism in tho extreme. They erected their own churches, had all free seats, kept their own choir, and they had one of the largest churches and congregations in the city of Melbourne. They had also more ministers than churches, and sent their ministers to the districts not thickly Jpopulatod, and paid them by money raised by voluntary contributions. Mr KERNOT said it was a matter of surprise to him that State-aid had not been abolished long ago, and he thought any one taking a common sense view of the matter would be of tho same opinion. Mr M'CULLOCH wished to reply to some of tho remarks made by tho hon. and learned member for Belfast, who had said he had attacked the Bishop of Melbourne. Ho made no attack ou tho Bishop, but merely quoted his own statements made in 1851 and 1852 ou the question of State-aid, and compared them with tho course ho now followed. It was for the ray. gentleman himself to oxplain the difference. The hon. member also said that he had asked what tbe Church of England had done, as if it had done nothing. He had not said anything against tho Church of England in this colony, but he asked what the Church had done in England, and he was now prepared to say ho considered that, with all her revenues, emoluments and position, she had done nothiug at all for religion as compared with what dissenting bodies had accomplished. The same remarks would apply to all established Statu churches, and ho would apply it to Scotland whore 600 clergymen came out from tho Established Church aud threw themselves on the people, by whom they were well supported. There were very many parts of Scotland as thinly populated as Victoria was, but tho people in Scotland acted on the principle that the strong must support the weak, aud when those clergymen left the church those who were strong supported them. With regard to the extension of the time for abolishill!? the aid. he said ho had no desire to do anything which would press hardly on any section or any body, but he thought the clergymen of this colony had received ample notice of the views of tho people. He also called attention to the fact that the clergymen of Melbourne, Geelong, Bnllarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and other large towns ought to give the money they had. hithert.o received to support clergymen in outlying districts. If that were done and proper arrangements were made during the next live years, it would be found that there would be no hardships in the most outlying districts. He was quite sure if the clergymen threw themselves upon their congrogarious they would be in a better position, for ll.ri people would support them more liberally than they would othorwise have been, supported. Tho question was then put that the £10,000 proposed to be struck out should stand part of the ("(uestion, and agreed to by 35 votes to 10. The fallowing is the division list: — AYES.—35. Mr Aspinall Mr Onuningham Mr Macgregor liaillie Dyto Mason Bates ' Everard M'CulIoch Btair Francis M'Kean Bowman Harcourt M-Lellan Burtt Hifiinbotham Bichardson Butters Jam^s Smith,GK P. Byrne Keri-.ot Smith. G. V. Casey Langton Sullivan Copo, E. liobb Wilson dope, T. Longmore Wilt Crews MacBain NOES—10. Mr Biyles Mr Farrell Mr Russell Bou-rke Hanna Thomas Coheu MacMahoa Wrixon Duffy The resolution was then put and carried. The second resolution was then put, that power be given to the churches to dispose of their lands. Mr LANGTON pointed to an abuse made by . some denominations of the liberality of the Crown in granting them land for church' purposes. A fine site was granted for St. John's Church in Elizabeth-street, at the corner of Latrobe-streot, tho area being spacious in order that the proportions of the building might be well set off. That portion of the reserve which fronted Elizabeth-street was, however, let for a row of shops. This was a most discreditable perversion of the trust. Mr EVERAKD remarked that there were many similar cases. Mr HIGINBOTHAM thought that some return ought to be obtained by the Government for handing over so large an extent of land to the denominations as this resolution proposed. There was a provision under enactment for the granting of land for affiliated colleges to the University on application. This claim might be abandoned by tbe sects, and he thought the Government should stipulate to have it abandoned. He hoped it would be understood that the House, in passing the resolution before it, did not pledge itself to give the land without any return. Mr M'CULLOCH was willing to give the lauds up unconditionally, except that they should be devoted to religious purposes. He desired to see the question settled, even though it should be at some sacrifice. Mr BATES said there were cases in which an individual had obtained land ostensibly for a denomination, which denomination repudiated the grant. (Hear, hear.) Would that individual obtain the land uuder this resolution ? (Cries of " No, no.") After some remarks by Mr KERNOT about a case of the kind in Geelong, and also from Mr LANGTON, Mr M'CULLOCH said that such cases would be provided for, ''so that lands repudiated by any| denomination would revert to tbe Crown. The resolution was put aud carried; after which Mr M'CULLOCH brought in a bill embodying both resolutions. He moved that it bo road a first time, which was agreed to, tho second reading being made an order of the day for Wednesday, 8th September, when there would be a call of the House. THE Inglewood Advertiser states that, on 22nd August a singular ceremony wits performed at Wedderbnrn in the Chinese burial ground. According to the statement of a Chinaman who live* gome twenty miles from Inglewood, one night last week he was visited by the spirit of a countryman, who has been some time gone to the " flowery land," and informed that the said spirit felt the effects of the late frost in his damp grave very much, and that he needed several " creature comforts." John immediately came into town, purchased a suit of new clothes, not even omitting a substantial •flannel. These he took to the grave of the cold ghost, stretched them oat nicely on it, and then set them on fire. He afterwards poured the contents of a bottle of Hennewy'a best " battle-axe" over it, placed some pipe lights and a post at eaoh corner of the grave, to each of which was tied a letter addressed to the "dear departed." When aBked why he did not leave a pipe and opinm to be used with the pipe lights John replied very reverently, " Got him too muchy down belcw" (pointing to the grave), and then quietly made his exit. Thg fact was wituemed iby several JSuropeanu. 