THE POPERY OF RITUALISM; on, ROMANISM IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND (By John Search .) No. X. TnE subject under discussion is whether "the Bible alone is the religion of the Church of England." We hare said that in order rightly to understand this ques tion it is necessary to look at the relation in which that Church stands to the Fathers, the Book of Common Praver tho Apocrypha, and as to Authority in contro- versaries of faith. We entered at some length into the first and second of these subjects in our last paper, with the two which remain we shall have to do at the present. What, then, is the relation in which the Church of England stands to the Apoc rypha ? In speaking on the Daily Les sons, as appointed in the Prayer-hook, we have already mentioned out that near one- tenth of the Holy Scriptures are left out of these lessons, apparently for the ex press purpose of making room for the spurious productions called the Apocry pha. Most of these lessons, it is true have been in .the Prayer-book ever since the time of King Edward VI. " Bel and the Dragon," and the " History of Su sanna," were added by Charles II., at the last revision, for the purpose of indicat ing how fully the heads of the English Church of that day concurred in the use of those writings in connection with the public worship of God. It would have been had enough to have excluded so large a portion of Holy Scripture, for the purpose of introducing this Apocrypha, had these writings never been abused ; had the Church of Rome not raised them to the same level as the Word of God, or claimed divine authority for them ; as it is, this looks very like pandering to the ig norant prejudices of Romanists ; if not this, it certainly is one of those disgrace ful compromises, by which time-serving politicians have sought to bring the Church of England into as close a con formity to Rome as possible. In order really to understand the matter, it is ne cessary that the reader should make a closer aequaintaneo with tlii3 Apocrypha. Tlic following summary is from " Home's Introduction to the Critical Study of the Scriptures ." Seventh Edition, Vol. I., page 457, &c.; See also Vol. IV., 289. Tho Protestant churches not only account those books to bo apocrypha, and mere human compositions, which arc esteemed such by the Ohurch ot'Romo, as the prayer of Mannsscli, the third and fourth hooks of Esdras, the ad dition at tlic end of Job, and the hundred and fifty-first psalm ; hut also the books of T'nbit, Judith, the additions to tho book of Esther, Wisdom, Ecclosiasticus, Baruch the prophet, with the epistle of Jeremiah, the Song of the Three Children, tho story of Susanna, tho story of Bel and the Dragon, and tlie first and second books of Maccabees. The books hero enumerated are unanimously rejected by Pro testants for the following reasons : — I. They possess no authority whatever, either external or internal, to procure their admission into the sacred canon. 1\. Not one of them is_ extant in Hebrew. 2\. They were written subsequently io the cessa tion of the prophetic spirit, though before the pro- nmlaation of the Gosnel. 3\. Not one of the writers, in direct terms, ad vances any claim to inspiration. 4\. The apocryphal boohs were never received into the sacred canon by tbc Jewish Church, and' therefore they were not sanctioned by our Saviour. II. The apocryphal books were not ad mitted into tho canon of Scripture, during the first four centuries of the Christian Church. III. The apocryphal books contain many things which are fabulous and contra dictory to the canonical Scriptures both in facts, doctrines, and moral practice. fA few instances, out of many that might ho adduced, will suffice to prove this assertion. (I.) Fabulous Statements. (1.) Rest of chapters of Esther, x. 6, A lit tle fountain, became a river, and there was light', and the sun, and much water. This river is Esther, whom the king married and made queen, xiv. 2. (2.) The story of Bel and the Dragon is,- confessedly, a mere fiction, which contradicts the account of Daniel's hoing cast into the lion's den. (3.) The stories of water being converted in- t of re . and vice versa (2 Mace. i. 19 — 22), and of the Tabernacle and Ark walking after Jere miah at tho prophet's command. (2 Macc. ii. 4). (II.) Contradictory Statements. (1.) The author of the book of the Wisdom of Solomon alludes to tho people of Israel as being in subjection to their enemies, which was not the case during Solomon's reign. We read, indeed, that he had enemies in tho per sons of Hadad, Rezon, and Jeroboam (1 Kings xi. 14, 23, 25, 26), who vexed him : but we no where find that they subdued his people ; and tho schism of the ten tribes did not take place until after the death of Solomon. l2.) Baruch is said (i. 2) to have been car ried into Babylon, at the very time when Jere miah tells us (xliii. 6, 7) that he was earned into the land of Egypt. (3). The story in 1 Esdras iii. 4., besides wanting every mark of the majesty and sanc tity of tho Sacred Writings, contradicts Ezra's account of tho return of the Jews from Baby lon under Cyrus. (4.) The first and second hooks of Macca bees contradict each other ; for in the former' (1 Mace. vi. 4 — 16) Antioclius Epipliancs is said to have died in Babylon ; and in tlic lat ter he is represented, first, as having been slain by the priests at Nanea, in Persia (2 Macc. i. 13—16), and afterwards (ix. 28) as dying a miserable death in a a stranye country among the mountains. (5.) In the book of Tobit, tho angel that is introduced (v. 12) as representing himself as being a kinsman of Tobit, in xii. 15., contra dicts himself, by affirming that lie is Raphael, one of tlio holy angols. Tho author of this book has aLo added to tho views of God and of Providence, delineated in the Old Testament, tenets of Assyrian or Babylonian origin. (III.) Contradictory Doctrines. (1.) Prayers for the Bead. — 2 itfacc. xii. 43, 44\. And when he had made a gathering through out the company, to the sum of 2000 drachms of silver, he sent it to Jerusalem to offer a sin-ojfer- ing, doing therein very well and honestly ; for, if he had not hoped that they that ivere slain should have risen again, it had been superfluous and vain to pray for the dead. This statement contradicts the whole tenor of the Sacred Writings, which nowhere enjoin or allow of prayers for the dead. (2.) The Heathen Notion of the Transmigra tion of souls, which is equally contradictoy to tho Bible, is asserted in Wisd. viii. 19, 20. For I was a willy child, and had a good spirit ; yea, rather, beiny good, I came into a body «»- defiled. (3.) Justification bg the Works of the Law (in opposition to the Scriptures, which teach that we are justified or accounted righteous only by faith), is taught in various parts of the apoc ryphal books ; — 2 Esdras viii. 33. The just, which have many good works laid up with thee, shall out of their own deeds receive reward Tobit xii. 8, 9. Prayer is good with fasting, and alms, and righteousness A Ims doth ' deliver from death, and shall purge away all sins. Thi se thai exercise alms and righteous ness shall be filled with life. Ecclus iii. 3.-; Who so honourelh Ms father maketh atonement for his sins. 30. Alms maketh an atonement for sirfs- xxxv. 3. To forsake unrighteousness is a pro pitiation. (4.) Sinless Perfection. Ecclus xiii. 24 Iliches are good unto him that hath no sin. But what says tlie Scriptures? Ecclus vii. 20 There is not a just man upon earth that doth good, and sinneth not. Rom. iii. 28. All havesinned and come short of the glory of God. lJolmi. S. If we sail that we have no sin. we deceive ourselves . and the truth is hot in us. (IV.) Immoral Pratices Commended in tlio apocryphal books, which practices are prohibited in the Scriptures. (1.) Lying. . — The instances cited (No. 5)- may also be adduced hero. (2.) A desperate act of Suicide (which is ex pressly forbidden in Exod, xx. 13. Thou shalt not kill) is related in 2 Macc. xiv. 41 — 46, as a manful act, and in terms of great commend- . ation. (3.) Assassination, which is equally prohib ited, is commended in the book of Judith (ix. 2 — 9) in the case of tlio ' She'cliemites, whose base murder is justly condemned in Gen. xlix. 7. (-1.) Magical Incantations, which are forbid den in Lev. xix. 26. and Dent, xviii. 10, 11, 14, arc introduced in Tobit vi. 16, 17, as given .by' , the advice of an angel of God. IV. Lastly, There arc passages - in tlie "t. apocryplial bocks which are so in consistent with the relations of all other profane historians, that they cannot be admitted without much greater evidence than belongs to tliese books. Thus in 1 Macc. viii. 16, it is said that tlic Romans " committed their government to one man every year, who ruled over all that coun-' try, and that all were obedient to that ono, and that there was neither envy nor emulation amongst tlicm." . Now this assertion is contradicted by every Roman historian' without exception. The im- . perial government was not established until more than a century after tlic time when that book was written. In like manner, the . ac count (in 1 Macc, i. 6, 7) of the death of Alex ander, misnamed tlie Great, is not supported, by the historians who have recorded his last hours. Iu the VI. Article we read: — " And the other books (as Ilieromo saitli) tbe church doth read for example of life and instruction of manners ; but yet doth it not apply them to establish any doc- trine ;" — then follow the names of the Apocryphal books. We are afraid the practice of the Church will be found in , direct opposition to this declaration, that is, if the book of Homilies may be re garded as, authoritative. The following is whafcthe XXXV Article says of this took:— r" The Second Book of Homilies, the several titles whereof we have joined under this Article, doth contain a Godly and wholesome doctrine, and necessary for these times, as doth the former hook of Homilies, which were set forth in the time of Edward VI. ; and therefore wo judge them to be read in Churches by the ministers, diligently and distinctly, that they may b s understood of the people.'— The following is- prefixed to the Second JPart of Homilies , — " Set out by the Authority of the late Queen Elizabeth, and to he read in every Parish Church agreeably." The Church has thus sanc tioned the Book of Homilies, it is there fore one of its standard. Let us see how the Apocrypha is spoken of and treated in the Homilies. Passages are sometimes introduced as" God's Word," — " Word of God," — "God spake." — "The Scriptures," &c.; The writers are described as the " Holy Baruch," — the " Prophet Baiuch." — " the Holy Father Tobit." The books are quoted before, between, and after the books of Holy Scripture, without any dis tinction whatever. Not a word is any where said which could lead to the con clusion that the writers of the Homilies regarded Baruch, Tobit, &c.;, as less in spired, or possessed of less authority than David, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, &c.; The inference any uninformed reader would draw would he that the writings of Baruch, &c.;, were part of the inspired Scriptures. As some of our readers are very hard to believe that the Church of England can teach or sanction any thing other than what is strictly Protestant, we will now produce proof of what we have stated. We copy from the quarto edition of Homilies of 1811, and give the number of the page in every case : — "Let us all make open confession with the prodigal son, to our Father, and say with him, ' We have sinned against heaven, and before thee, 0 Father : we arc not worthy to be called thy sons.' Luke xv. Let us all say with holy Baruch, '0 Lord, our God, to us is wor thily ascribed shame and confusion, and to thee righteousness.' Baruch ii., &c.; ' Let us all say with the holy Prophet Daniel," &c.; Page 18. Again, "Will you hear yet what the Prophet Baruch saith unto God's people being in this cap tivity 1 ' Pray you,' saith the Prophet," Ac., &c.; Thus far the Prophet Baruch's words, which were spokeu by him unto the people of God " Page 358. (Home says, vol. iv., page 245, " It is equally uncertain by whom this hook (of Baruch) was written , and whether it contains any matters historically true , or whether the whole is a fiction,'1 and yet the impostor who wrote it is called a m'onhet ! A "Isaiah, the prophet, teacheth on this wise: Deal thy bread to tbe hungry, &c.; — Isaiah, lviii. And the holy Father Tobit gives this council, ' Give alms,' &c.;, — Tobit iv.," p. 248. "And Almighty God, by the Wise Man, saith — "That man which sweareth much shall be full of sin, and the scourge of God shall not depart from his house. — Eccl. xxxiii.," page 53 ; also page 146. " As the Word of God tes- tifieth — Wisdom xiv.," page 161. "Ex pressed at large in the Scriptures, namely, , the Psalms, the Book of Wisdom, the pro- phet Isaiah, Ezekiel, and Baruch, cspe- daily in these places and chapters of them I — Psalm cxv. and exxxiv., Isaiah, xl. and B xliv., Ezekiel, vi., Wisdom xiii , xiv., and I xv., Baruch'vr." p. 122. — "Who specially I (as the Scriptures teacheth), Wisdom xiii., I xiv.," &c.;, page 159, also 163. " But the I Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon I him in faith and truth. — Psalm cxlv., I Judith ix.," page 211. — " When Holo- phernes besieged Bethulia, by the advice of Judith they facted and prayed, and when delivered" — Judith viii. When Peter K was in prison, the congregation joined themselves together in prayer, and Peter I Was wonderfullydelivered. — Acts xii.," I page 228 "Let us forgive, then, our 1 neighbours their small faults, as God for I Christ's sake hath forgiven us our great. I — Eccles. xxviii., Mat. xxviii.," page 269. I We call special attention to the following 1 piece of as rank Papistry as can be met I With in or out side the palo of I Borne—" He (Christ) teacheth them, I that to be merciful and charit- I able in helping the poor, is the means to I keep the soul pure: and clean in the sight I iv We are taught therefore, by I that merciful alms-dealing is profita- I >le to purge the soul from the infection 1®® filthy spots of sin. The same lesson doth the Holy Ghost also teach in sundry places: of the Scripture, saying—' ' merci fulness and alms-giving purgeth from all sins, and delivereth from death, and suf- fereth not 'the soul to come into darkness !' — Tobit, iv. A great confidence may they have before the high God, that shew mercy and compassion to them that are afflicted. The wise preacher, the son of Sirach, confirmeth the same when he saith — 'That as water quencheth burning fire, even so mercy and alms resisteth and reconcileth sins!— Ecclus, v. And sure it is that mercifulness qnaileth tbe heart of sin so much, that they shall. not take hold upon a man to hurt him ; or if ye have by. any infirmity or weakness been touched and annoyed with them, straightways shall mercifulness wipe and wash away, as salves and remedies to heal thoir sores and grievous diseases. And thereupon the holy Father Cyprian taketh good occasion to exhort earnestly to the merciful works of giving alms and helping the poor, and then he admonishcth to consider how wholesome and profitable it is to Telieve the needy, and help the afflicted, by the which we may purge our sins, and heal our wounded souls." Page 250-1. We have marked in our copy of the Homilies, thirty -eight passages in all, of which tbe above .are a sample : we ask the impartial reader to consider these which we have given and to tell us if he thinks we are wrong in concluding that the Church of England has placed the Apocrypha on a level with Holy Scrip ture, or at least, has treated it in such a way as was most likely to deceive, and to lead ill-informed persons to conclude that the one was of equal authority with the other. Professor Blunt, page 118, tells the students in Divinity that the lan guage of the Homilies, " are not to he too nicely scanned j for if so, we should have to admit several Apocryphal books into the Canon, which are repeatedly quoted in the Homilies, as " Scripture" — as "what God said" — as the "word of the Prophet Baruch." A most pitiable ap- pology truly ! The writers surely knew the meaning of the words they employ, if so, then it was their intention to place Apocryphal books on a line with God's word ; to us this conclusion is inevitable. But more, the Church of England well knowing these books to be destitute of all authority, has yet given her sanction to the language so used, by allowing it to remain as part of her standards of doc trine to this day. Let the reader add thi3 to the fact, that the church has ex cluded a tenth part of the Bible from the Table of her Daily Lessous for tho pur pose of making room for mere impositions, (for the Apocrypha is either all it claims to be, or is a base forgery) and then judge accordingly. Tho Church of Rome has placed these books in the Canon, and is so far consistent in her attempts to use them. The Church of England either intended to place, them there, or, the use made of them in the Homilies, and Daily Lessons is most reprehensible. With regard to the Lessons, Dr. Hook, a dignitary of the English Church, tells us, that, — " Some clergymen have taken up on themselves to alter these lessons, but for so doing they are amenable to the Ordinary, and should he presented by the Churchwardens, at the yearly Episcopal archidiacon visitation ; to say nothing of their moral obligation." That clergymen, regardless of their own moral obligations, should take upon themselves to alter these Lessons, is an act by which they publicly condemn the Church for allowing them to remain so long unaltered. We shall now call attention to the claim the Church of England sets up to "Authority in Controversies of Faith." This is found in the XX. Article, which reads thus—-' The Church hath power to decree Rites or Ceremonies, and autho rity in controversies of Faith: And yet it is not lawful for the Church to ordain anything that is contrary to God's Word written, neither may it so expound one place of Scripture, that it be repugnant to another. Wherefore, although the Church be a witness and keeper of holy Writ, yet as it ought not to decree any thing against the same, so besides the same ought not to enforce anything to he believed for necessity of Salvation." The words we have placed in italics are now generally admitted, not to have been originally in the Article, but to have been forged and smuggled into it by Queen Elizabeth. The. following is from " Lectures on the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of England, W. Orger, M.A., Incumbent of Shirley, Hants. Vol. ii. 35-6. He says There is doubt about the authenticity of its fifst clause — The Church hath power to decree rUes or; ceremonies, and authority in matters of faith. For these words, with the two which fol low, and yet, are not in the original manuscripts by universal consent— nay, they are not in it of visible fact and certainty. Nor are.they found in King Edward's Articles. Yea, further, there were words in King Edward's Fifth Article, which have a like tendency with these; but they were omitted in the present Sixth Article, which corresponds to the Fifth of Edward. These words are, " although it (i. e. whatsoever is not contained in Scripture, nor way he proved thereby) be sometime received of the faithful as godly, and profitable for order and comeliness," Now all this calls up enquiry ; and we find the case to be this. The disputed words are not in the Latin original, signed in the Convocation of 1562, and now in the library of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge ; nor in the English original signed in the Convocation of 1571 ; nor in the English edition published under the direction of Bishop Jewel in the latter year. The clause is supposed to have been inserted by Queen Elizabeth, in some copy given to a printer after tbe signatures of the Convocation had been affixed. (Essays on tlie Church, P- 160, Note.) Neal, (History of the Puritans, c. 4,) supposes it " not improbable that the Notary or Registrar, who transcribed the Articles into the Convoca tion Book, with the names of them that sub scribed. might by directions of his superiors privately insert it; and so it might appear in the records, though it was not in the original draught." Neal, however, himself, hereupon admits that the controversy is of no great moment to the present clergy, because it is cer tain the clause was a part of the Article con firmed by the Parliament at the Restoration of Charles II. Whatever might have been the origin of this clause, that it is now the law of the Church cannot he doubted. What then is the claim which the Church sets up in this Article ? Tbe Bishop of Ox ford interprets Holy Scripture from the High Church stand-point, the Bishop of Carlisle from the Low, the Archbishop of Dublin from the Broad, while the Bishop of Natal (Colenso) casts aside Di vine inspiration altogether, and inter prets large portions of the Scriptures as miths and fables. Now the Church claims authority to say which of these rev. prelates is right, so that the claim in its naked form just amounts to this, the Scriptures must mean what the Church says they mean, and nothing be sides. If this is not putting the Church above the Scriptures, and subjecting the voice of God, to tho voice of tho Church, we are utterly at a loss to know what it really is. True, " it is not lawful for the Church to ordain any thing that is con trary to God's Word," — but then the Church alone has authority to say what is contrary to that Word. This is the very method adopted by the Church of Rome. She says, that, the Immaculate Concep tion, the worship of Images, and Saints, Mariolatry, Purgatory, Ac., are in accord ance with Scripture, and professes to quote it, in behalf of these abominations. Admit this claim, and you place in her hands a powor which will enable her to ride rough-shod alike over reason and Scrip ture. We will again call attention to a passage from Professor Rlunt, given in our last paper, on the matter under con sideration. The question to he decided is this — " is the Bible alone the religion of the Church of England?" We have shown that she has made the Father's authorita tive interpreters of Scripture, and has elevated them to its level ; that she has done much more to enforce the Book of Common Prayer than the fBible; that no entire book of Scripture is ever pub licly read from beginning to end in con nection with her worship ; that she has mutilated the Bible in her Table of Les sons, for the purpose of elevating the Apocrypha to the same level; that she speaks in her Homilies of this spurious book, as the " Word of God " — " the Scriptures," and of their writers as holy Prophets, and teachers in imitation of them ; that, " alms-giving purifies the soul j" rliat she claims authority to say what Scripture teaches, and thus to settle controversies. If this is all true, if the evidence we have brought in support of it is sound and legitimate, then it must follow as a consequence jthat tho Bible entire and alone is not nor ever was the religion of the Church of England. If any of our readers can see any loophole by which they can escape such a conclu sion, we have no objection, hut we only say that it is not within the range of our vision. In our next, we shall give some account of the " Brotherhoods," " Confra ternities," " Societies of the Love of Jesus" — "Guilds of St. Peter," " Sister hoods of Mercy of the Holy Trinity," Ac., now in full operation in the Church of England, that the reader may understand whither we are drifting. 