THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE SYNOD OF EASTERN AUSTRALIA. The Synod of Eastern Australia met in St. George's | Church," Sydney, on Wednesday, the 3rd instant, at 7 o'clock p.m. The Rev. William S. Donald, the retiring Moderator, preached an appropriate and impressive sermon from Hebrews xiii. 17, and then constituted the Synod. The roll having been made up the Rev. William McIntyre was unanimously chosen Moderator, and delivered the following address ; " In entering on the duties which you have now assigned to me, I will venture to submit a few remarks on the relations of the Church to the truth, conceiving that this is a subject to which, as we may afterwards indicate, recent ecclesiastical history, and existing ecclesiastical tendencies very urgently call attention. And besides, it is specially necessary that we do not overlook the nature and importance of those relations, for it is for the very purpose of preserving them undisturbed, that we maintain the distinctive position which we occupy as a Church. " The relations of the Church to the truth are twofold. The truth is the mould, from which the Church derives, or ought to derive its entire form and character and the Church in the special divinely instituted agency, to which the proclamation, maintenance, and application of the truth have been entrusted. To the preservation undisturbed of the former of these relations it is evidently necessary that the Church be wholly guided by the truth in the admission and expulsion of members, both official and non-official. The truth specifies the qualifications which members should possess, and requires that none be admitted to the position of members but such as appear to possess them, and that none with respect to whom it becomes evident that they do not possess them be allowed to retain that position. The qualifications comprehended in a certain profession of religion, in a profession which, at the very least, so far as appears, may be genuine, or, as it has been expressed, an uncontradicted profession, are required on the part of all members. Accordingly, when persons who make no profession of religion, or whose profession, though such as might if uncontradicted, be accepted as credible, as BO decidedly contradicted by their conformity to the world or otherwise, that it is not credible, are admitted to membership of not expelled from at the Church so far divests itself from the character which in respect of its members the truth requires it should bear and its relations to the truth are so far and most grievously disturbed. When a Church, in the respect now indicated, rejects the guidance of the truth, and divests itself so far of the distinctive character of a Church of Christ, it practically pro dbimB that such as do not even appear to be members of the Church are members of it that, for example, frequenters of the theatre, the ball room, and the racecourse, those who participate in all the frivolities and amusements, to which those TOO are lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God betake themselves, and who even take the lead in them, are, if not all that is desirable, at least all that it is necessary that members of the Church should be, it thus lowers the standard of personal religion, or, rather, substitute for the reality of personal religion a base and worthless counterfeit, and, by doing so, gives distinct sanction to the self-deception which all ore naturally prone to practise, and which multitudes actually pine BC to the ruin of their BCUlS. '. In the case of official members the qualifications implied in the lowest profession, that, being uncontradicted, can be accepted as credible, ought not, I conceive, at least ordinarily, to be regarded as sufficient. A more decided profession of religions profession supported by more positive and convincing evidence, or exhibiting such ought to be required. And, of course, in addition to the qualifications implied in such a profession, office-bearers should possess, in some satisfactory measure, official qualifications-that is, they should not only possess, in a decided form, the qualifications required in members of the Church, but should possess further the qualifications which constitute the fitness and competency of office-bearers for the discharge of official duty. " Of the various forms contradiction by which a profession of religion may be invalidated, Church censure is the most decided and pronounced. Nothing can well be more monstrous, more thoroughly subversive of the very idea of the Church as a society of approved members, than the admission to the privileges of a member, or the status of an office, bearer, of a person lying at the time and known to be lying under Church censure, and even under the censure of the Church to admitting him. This particular violation of Christ's law has, we presume, been seldom exhibited. It was exhibited, however, in this colony. It was deliberately resorted to for the purpose of facilitating the union subsequently effected. This fact alone would have justified, and indeed rendered imperative our refusal to enter into that union, and our maintenance of the position which we occupy. Nor was it only the monstrous character of the step itself that forbade our concurrence in it. It was also an important consideration that a Church that originated in such a proceeding could not be expected to manifest faithfulness in its subsequent history. It could not with any consistency even profess concern to maintain the purity of its communion. ' " In the case particularly of teaching elders it is a neces- sary qualification that they be sound in the faith-that in doctrine they show incorrectness. At the time of their admission to office they ought to be required to give full satisfaction on this point and if, subsequently, they adopt unsound views, they ought to be promptly and faith- fully dealt with, that if possible they may be reclaimed from the error into which they have fallen ; and if this attempt fail, they should be deprived of an office which they are no longer qualified to exercise. When a Church, for the sake of peace or from whatever motive, tolerates decidedly unscriptural teaching, it seriously obliterates in its own case that conformity to the truth which ought to constitute its distinctive character. This, however, the Union Church does, continuing, as it might have been expected to do, the unfaithfulness in which it originated. " And, while the Church should be wholly guided by the truth in the admission and expulsion of members, both official and non-official, it should be guided by it also, and equally in the formation of its testimony. It should admit nothing into its testimony except on the authority of the Scriptures, and it should admit into it and retain it it all that Christ in the Scrip lines bas committed to it as its testimony. This was the principle on which the Scottish reformation was effected and it was the application of it, fully and faithfully carried out, that imparted to it its thoroughness. The adoption by the early, that is the poat-apoatolio Church, of certain views and practices, affords the modern Church no warrant to adopt them. The early Church had no right to adopt it acted in violation of its duty in adopting-any views or practices not sanctioned by the Scriptures and an adop- tion of them, thus unauthorised and even blameworthy on the part, would not, of course, form a precedent by which the Church of any subsequent period should be guided. It would rather constitute, especially when viewed in the light of the ultimate development of the views and practices adapted, a beacon by which it should be warned, Such conditions have no more authority as bearing on the testimony of the Church and by iii testimony I understand all that it holds and declares, than was possessed by the traditions of the Elders which the Scribes and Pharisees alleged on behalf of their peculiar views and practices in UM time of our Lord. "And, if tradition should not be allowed to modify the testimony of the Church, quite a little, certainly, should the spirit of the age, that is the present phase of the tendency and activity of the world, be allowed to modify it. There are those, however, who allege that the spirit of the ago should be allowed to modify it that, for example, the testimony enunciated in the Westminster standards is now, to a certain extent, antiquated, and that a revised and briefer testimony, adapted to the alleged requirements of the age, should be substituted for it. Some even urge that the testimony of the Church should be re- cast and remodelled for every community into which it is introduced that for example, It should be so recast and remodelled for this community, that, as the result of the process, we might have an Australian Church for Australia, that is, of course, a Church that should be Australian, not SB occupying Australian territory. for all our Churches are Australian in that sense, but as exhibiting Australian peculiarities, although what these may be it is hard to conjecture Force purpose, we presume, of effecting this adaptation of the Church to times and circumstances, the use of in Bttumtntal music and of uninspired hymns in the public worship of God is beginning to be introduced among Prcs byterkinB both here and in the mother country. On the subject of these innovations the Union Church in tbidoJony | has adopted the utterly unpresbytenan deliverance, that congregations may do with respect to them as they please, that is, that as regards these matters the Prenbyiuriiil go vernment of the Church is suspended or abolished. In opposition to this innovating spirit, or perhaps I should rather say, unassailed by it, we adhere and I trust will always adhere to the use of the inspired paulina and to the Scriptural mode of worship which has been transmitted to us. "It is not, however, in the direction of an authorised extension of the Church's testimony that Presbyterians have of late been moving, but in the direction, father of reducing it within narrower limits than the Scriptures assign to it. This latter is the favourite process for effecting unions. It is the process by which the union in this colony was (effected, All that is distinctive in the respective testimonies of EniBtians, Free-churchmen, and Voluntaries was suppressed, and what is common to them remained and adopted as the testimony of the Union Church. Accordingly, each of the parties who accepted this curtailed today mony, accepted a more limited testimony than that which they previously bore, a more limited testimony, therefore, that it was their unbiassed belief had been committed to the Church. To this curtailment of the Church's testimony who refused to be parties. We hold and still hold that" the Church ought to bear, in its whole extent, the testimony which it appears from the Scriptures Christ committed to it, resisting every inducement tout may be represented to it, whether the prospect of union or any other, to suppress er surrender any portion of it. Under the influence and in practical application of this conviction, we maintain and continue to maintain the position which we occupy as a Church. If we had become convinced that our testimony was in excess of the teaching of Scripture, we should expunge the portion of it that constituted this excess ; but we are satisfied that our testimony is not in excess of the teaching of Scripture, and we therefore decline, and must still decline to reduce it within narrower limits. If we subjected it to such a process it would then , be so far determined by our own devices and our own views of expediency, and not, as it ought to be, by Divine revela- tion. 7, The moment that a Church claims for itself, or at least CXCTCÍBCB a right to add to the teaching of Scripture, and to diminish from it in forming its testimony, it becomes incapable of valour for the truth. It cannot deny to others the right which it arrogates to itself, to whatever extent they may carry the exercise of it. How, for example, can it challenge the Church of Rome for adding to the touching of Scripture and diminishing from it, when it does the same thing itself ? It may not, indeed, do it to the same extent to which it is done by that apostate Church, but it does the same thing in kind and if the teaching of Scripture may be set aside, it may be set aside ; if it may be set aside to a certain limited extent, it may be set made to any extent. It is only in association with entire confidence in Divine revelation and loyal adherence to it, that valour for the truth can be exercised or even CLUB." The further treatment of the Church's relations to the truth the Moderator reserved for his closing address, which, as being a continuation of the opening address, we introduce here, It was to the following effect : " As the special organisation and agency, Divinely provided to apply the truth to the purposes which it is its direct, office to serve to maintain its integrity and purity, and to assert its claims, the Church is under obligation to exhibit the truth clearly and fully in its testimony. By discharging this obligation it may, and probably will, render its communion inaccessible or unacceptable to many who would otherwise join it, and, so far as it does so, it will prevent or obstruct the increase of its own numerical strength, and subject itself to the consequent disadvantages. But is it at liberty to protect or relieve itself from those disadvantages by curtailing its testimony, or expunging from it certain portions of the truth. The answer to this question returned by the union effected in this colony, and by similar unions, is that the Church is at liberty, and, indeed, indeed obligation, to curtail its testimony for the purpose specified. But is this the right answer to it Most decidedly not. All admit-all with whom we are at present concern ned-that it is the duty of the Church to bear witness to the truth. But this is on a mission that it is the duty of the Church to bear witness to the whole of tho truth. If it is its duty to hear writes to the truth, it is its duty to bear witness to all that falls under that designation, and into that category- to all that if the truth or that is comprehended in it. The two statements, that it is the duty of the Church to bear witness to the truth, and that it is its duty to bear witness to the whole of the truth, are exactly equivalent statements. They differ somewhat in expression, but not at all in meaning. The truth in the one, and the whole of the truth in the other, mean precisely the same thing. The former pro presents the truth in its whole extent, and the latter does no more, only it contains an interpretation term, as we may call it, by which it is expressly intimated that it is in its whole extent that the truth is presented. at Accordingly, when Unionists admit-and they will not venture to deny that it is the duty of the Church to bear witness to the truth, they must use this language in a 1 non natural sense, meaning by the truth ' not the whole of the truth, but only a portion of it ; for their distinctive doctrine is that, for the sake of union, the Church may exclude a certain portion of the truth from its testimvBy, or may cease or decline to bear witness to a certain portion of it. But, on the supposition that the Church may exclude a certain portion of the truth from its testimony, how is it to be ascertained or determined what portion of the truth may be subjected to this disparaging treatment ? It will not be pretended that the Scriptures in any way indicate with respect to any portion of the truth, that it is not the duty of the Church to bear witness to it. The idea that the Scriptures should teach a doctrine, and should, notwithstanding, relieve the Church from the obligation to include it in his testimony, or, in other words, that they should communicate a doctrine to the Church as a portion of the truth which they teach, and should, notwithstanding, authorise the Church to dislodge and degrade it from the position which they thus assigned to it, is altogether monstrous. It is utterly incompatible with any just conception of a super nB tariff Divine revelation, that it should in any instance cancel and abolish its own authority that it should teach a doctrine, and, yet, should not require that the Church should receive and hold it; should, indeed, leave the Church at liberty to exclude it from its testimony, that is, te re- ject it. "It is thus evident that the Scriptures not only do not point out, but that it would be wholly inconsistent with their character and office that they should point out any portion of the truth as a portion of that the Church might exclude from its testimony. Accordingly, if the Church is at liberty to subject any portion of the truth to this treatment, it must be at liberty to determine for itself what portion of Hit will subject to it in other words, it must be at liberty to form for itself an index expurgated, and to put in that index any portion of the truth it pleases. But is it conceivable that the Church is at liberty, that is, that it has authority from Christ to deal in such a manner with any portion of the truth ? or in other words, to reach and modify the testimony which in the exercise of His prophetic office, He has himself committed to it If it had' authors only to exclude or expunge from its testimony any portion of the truth, of which it might be desirous or might deem it expedient to relieve itself, it would have authority equally to give this treatment to any other portion, and thus to the ] whole of it. If the fact that God has revealed and committed the truth to it has not laid it under obliga- tion to bear witness to the whole of the truth ; it has not laid it under obligation, and it is not under obligation, to bear witness to any portion of it. It is under obliga- tion to bear witness to the whole or to none of it. "It is thus evident that the Unionist doctrine, which I am combating, is subversive of the claim which the truth! has, on the ground that it is taught by God in His word, and in the truth, to be received and held by the Church, and is therefore infidel in principle It is, in fact, an outcropping to a comparatively limited extent, but in its genuine character, of the infidel disparagement of dogma; that is, of the truth in a definite form, which constitutes a marked and unhappy characteristic of the age. And, while the infidelity involved in the Unionist allegation, that the Church is at liberty to reduce its testimony within narrower limits than those assigned to it by the Scriptures, though prevented from extending itself any further, still bears the character and will exert the blighting influence of infidelity, it cannot be prevented from extending itself further. The further extension of it is, indeed, already discernible and in progress. < " And, while the Church, in excluding or expunging from its tPBliniony any portion of the truth, violates the obliga- tion which its relation to the truth imposes upon it, it BUIB grievously, by such mutilation of its testimony, against its own interests. For the efficacy of its operations, the Church is entirely dependent on the Divine blessing, on the gracious c exertion of the Divine power in connection with them. In every direction, and particularly as regards the accomplish- ment of the distinctive objects of the Church's labours, power belongeth unto Godless. Ixii., 11. Whoever may plant and water, whatsoever operations the Church may conduct, and by whatsoever agency, it is God that giveth the increaseth Cor., ii., 7. And in imparting efficacy to the operations of the Church, the Divine power is exerted in connection with the proclamation maintained, and carrying out of its testimony in its operations, and in its attitude and proceedings throughout. Its commission is :-' All power is given unto me in heaven, and in earth go ye, therefore, and teach [disciple] all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.' Matt. xxviii, 18-20. Hero Christ, as its head, commits a testimony to it the testimony which He himself, as the faithful and true witness,' beare with respect to sin and salvation, and with respect to His own claims and requirements. This testimony He commends it to proclaim in every land, labouring to secure from all the cordial and practical reception of it, and, at the same time, on its own part, faithfully adhering to it, end proceeding upon it under all circumstances, and in the face of all temptations to surrender or comprising it frd He promises to it, that, In connection with O'B demoted performance of this great duty, but in this COT nection onl), He will be with it always' blessing it, and, as regards the point with which we are at present im- mediately concerned, imparting efficacy to its labours, and using it a blessing. " From the place thus occupied by the testimony of the Church, and the connection which obtains between the tearing of it, and the communication of the Divine blessing both by the Church itself, and by means of it, it is evident that the true prosperity of a Church and the delicacy of its labours depend greatly, and, indeed, as regards the conditions of them on the Church's part, depend entirely on the fulness and purity of its testimony, and its zeal and faithfulness in bearing it. Hence to whatever extent a Church's testimony is unscriptural, and to whatever extent a Church fails to be imbued with the spirit of its testimony so far as it is Scriptural and fails therefore to bear it in faith and with devotedness and fidelity, to a corresponding extent its spiritual prosperity, and the success of its labours BB regards spiritual results, must be obstructed. A tel it claim a special attention, that, when a Church has declined from previous attainments, or, with the view of obtaining or preserving outward advantages or any advantages, has more or less compromised or bartered away its principles, the consequent defects or corruption of its Burnely, as having had such an origin, will affect its interests and its efforts far more carefully than they would otherwise have done. "Having embedded the truth and proclaiming it in its testimony, the Church should further give it in charge to the proper office-bearers to apply it faithfully, without curtailment, and without admixture, to every creature to which they can extend (their ministrations. And having Ukin them, bound to perform the duty, it should use all proper and prescribed means to prevent the violation by that in, under any form, and especially by unscriptural teaching, of the obligation which it has thus imposed on them and which, by accepting office, they have assumed. " I have already adverted to the grievous shortcomings of the Union Church in this direction, though one of its ministers has publicly enunciated unscriptural views on the subject of the atonement, and another of them, the radically Lintel doctrine, that from the constitution of the human mind, and the character of the revelation which God has given tous, diversity of religious belief in inevitable, and that the existence of it is not undesirable; neither of them, so for as is known, has been dealt with by the Church Courts to which he is subject. The leaven deposited in the body of which I am speaking, by the compromise in which it originated, is thus in active operation, and, if its activity be not arrested, if it be not itself cast out, it must ultimately, and at no distant period, 'leaven the whole Jump.' "But it is not enough that a Church bear a full and Scriptural testimony is in order that it may be truly prosperous, it must be under the power and, in the character of its members, and thus in its own, bear the impress of the truth embodied in its testimony ; it must feel and exemplify the transforming and practical influence." TnvHbDAT, 4TH NOVEMBER. The committee on area reported that they had had frequent communications with the Government, and, as regarded the application from Grafton, had obtained the site applied for. They further stated that the Government manifested every disposition to meet their wishes. The report was adopted, and the committee reappointed. The committee on procuring ministers and church extension reported that they are in communication with four young men who aredseiroua to study for the ministry, and who appear to the committee to be all of ? him promising; two of them have already made considerable progress. The report was adopted, and the committee re-appointed. The committee on correspondence with sister Churches was appointed. After transacting some routine business the Synod at half-past 7 p.m., engaged in devotional exercises, conducted by the Moderator, Rev. W. S. Donald, and Rev, John M'Leod. FRIDAY, 6TH NOVEMBER A call from the district of Port Macquarie having been referred to the Synod by the Presbytery of Maitland, the Synod, after deliberation, resolved to ordain Mr. M'Leod as a minister at large, believing that this course was best adapted to promote the interests of the district, and the most advisable on every ground. The Synod then took Mr. M'Leod on mugs and examined him on Greek, after which he delivered a lecture on John i. 1-5, which the Synod sustained as a part of his trials. Cin unistanceB preventing the Synod from proceeding with Mr. M'Leod a trials, it remitted the whole matter of his ordination to the Presbytery of Maitland, which, having been authorised to meet in Sydney, concluded the trials, and ordained Mr. M'Leod. MONDAY, 8TH NOVEMHEII.-After some routine business, the attention of the Synod was directed to the destitution and claims of Grafton and its vicinity. Sympathising deeply with the Grafton congregation, the Synod referred it to the Presbytery of Maitland to do all that may be practicable for it to supply ministrations to that congregation. The Synod appointed that at its meeting in November, 1870, addrcEBCB on the state of religion in our congregations, and throughout the land, and on the speculative, religious, and moral tendencies of the age shall be delivered, the former by the Rev. Allan M'Intyre, and the latter by the Rev. Colin B. Grieg. The session of the Manning River congregation was authorised to ordain, if it can cause, an additional elder for the Port Macquarie district. The Synod appointed the following collections to be made during the next twelve months viz. for church extension in January for the New Hebrides mission, or for missions to the Jews, in March for church extension in June and for the Synod fund in September. The Ueaeurer'saccountB, which had been audited and found correct, were then read and the thanks of the Synod conveyed to the treasurer for the zeal and efficiency with which he rendered his valuable and gratuitous services. The attention of the Synod having been directed to the intelligence which had recently reached the colony the death of the Rev. Donald Morrison, late missionary to the New Hebrides, it resolved to convey to Mrs. Morrison an express an n of its deep sympathy with her, and also to transmit to her the sum of £26. The MODERATOR then delivered his closing address, which has already been given in an earlier part of this report, as a continuation of his opening address. The Synod adjourned, to meet on the first Wednesday of November, 1870, at 7 o'clock p.m. The following is an abstract of the treasurer's accounts : Abstract of funds raised by the Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia, from 31st October, 1868, to 31st October, 1869 a St. George's congregation, Sydney : Ministers Scheme and Church Extenaion Fund, £10; Congregational Funde, £634 less. 4d. £644 15s. 4d. North Shore congregation : Ministers' Scheme and Church Extenaion Fund, £6 2s. 4d. Bombala congregation : Sustentation Fund, £168 ; Ministers' Scheme and Church Extension Fund, £8 12s. 64 ; Synod Fund, £1 11s. ; Congregational Funds, £265 total, £443 3s. 6d. MannlngBivor congregation: Sustentation Fund, £176 11s.; Ministers' Scheme Church and Extenaion Fund, £25s.9d. : Missions to the Heathen, £1 83. ; Synod Fund, 12a. ; Congregational Funds, £52 18s. teetotal, £233 15s. 3d. Raymond Terrace and Ahalton congregations : Sustentation Fund, £97 ; Ministers' Scheme and Church Extension Fund, £2 10s. ld. ; Missions to the Heathen, £1 12s. 6d. ; Synod Fund, £1 5s. 9d. ; Congregational Funds, £4118a.,Ild. total, £144 7s 4d. Raymond Terrace, Ahalton, and Doris bank Sabbath schools : Missions to the Heathen £1 6a, l d. Maitland congregation: Sustentation Fund, £65 12s. ; Ministers' Scheme and Church Extension Fund, £1 8s. 3d. ; Missions to the Heathen, £1 10s. ; Synod Fund, £1 12s. 7d. ; Congregational Funds, £17 4s. 10d. total, t£87 7s. 8d. Maitland Sabbath school (for Day Spring) : Missions to the Heathen, £2 6a. Inverell congregation : Siiatenta talion Fund, £57 ; Ministers' Scheme and Church, Extension Fund, £10- £67. Eockyoeuth congregation, Clarence River : Sustentation Fund, £205 ; Ministers' Scheme and Church Extenaion Fund, £8 12s. Old. ; Synod Fond, £2 22\. Id. ; Congregational Funds, £225 2s. 5d total, £440 16s. 7d. Grafton congregation, Clarence River :" Congregational Fund, £150. Hastings River congre fatten ; Ministers' Scheme and Church Extension 'and, £105 17s. ; Missions to the Heathen, £6 13s. ; Synod Fund, £3 total, £115 Wa. Barrington River congregation : Ministers' Scheme and 'Church Extension Fund, £20 10s. Clarence Town congregation : Ministers' Scheme and Church Extension Fund, £10 13s. Seaborn congregation : Ministers' Scheme and Church Extension Fund, £2 1 la. 4d. Donations : Mr. G. Mackay, Dungog, £2, Sustentation Fund ; Rev. James M'Culloch: £2, Ministers' Scheme and Church Extension Fund, Grand total, £2397 4s. 4d. PIIOUWITED DIET. Professor Edwards, of Montreal, has just read before the American Association for Science a paper on the mysterious teaching spiralis, concerning which there have been so many alarms in Germany and America. Observed in 1822 by Fred mann, and minutely described by Mr. James Paget and Professor Owen in 1835, this dangerous parasite was not detected in the human body until Zanker found it there in 1860, and attributed it to the eating of diseased pork. Within the last few years Virchow and Lueckert in Germany, and Dalton have made investigations which lead them to believe that several diseases ascribed to other causes are really attributable to the ravages of teaching;. All the known cases of infective n from the eating of pork in Chicago, Illinois, ended in death, and the opinion of the German investigator has been that trichinosis is always fatal. The. experience of Montreal, however, contradicts this On the 24th of March last a family in a Montreal boarding-house, having partaken of some hastily-fried ham, were all seized an hour after with nausea and pain in the stomach. One took brandy and vomited his dinner. The rest continued to have sickness and spasms. The ham, being examined, was found to have richly a?. The patients recovered in course of few weeks. In Hamilton, Canada, a young woman died from a similar infection. In the case of those who recovered it was shown, from the undeveloped nature of the cysts containing the worms, that the pig from which the ham was taken had been but recently diseased. The professor, nevertheless, thought that recovery was exceptional. Professor Agassiz, in commenting on the paper, hoped that the public appetite would not be disturbed on the subject, for every kind of meat contained parasites similar in nature. None, he declared, could eat flesh without devouring him deeds of such animals, and if they wished to avoid them they would have to abstain from meat altogether. As a lunch of ham sandwiches was daily provided for the association the supernaturally caused considerable sensation, and Professor Agassiz remarks hardly > outweighed its serious statements Pall Mall > Gazette. I 