[??? vJ'nobody'S luggage. ? ? ; ^ ?- i- .-\ r. (JiVitn C?iinii!»crs' Journal.) ; .' i ' ! Tho 'Hceiie' is a hugo| dock wai'ehousb on j-iugliin'cl'a . g'roac -highway , to, -, ihe Bast j and tho- , tyeat, whore, coming: iu , from the bustle and' the ,sunshine; and tho fresh air of- tho ilooks, one is improssed with a strange still ness and gloonij ''The air'is 'fluffy with' very' old1 dustj; and the'big rribatsj floating in stm: beams tuut laii tnrpug-n neavuy ?gratea win dows, , moved sluggishly ? aiid. ' gravolyl The placets' hushed ;and tomb-like. . No busy porters :m nor solf- im|jortant - custom-house oflioials are here, yet tho placo is heaped and piled and strewn with luggage— Nobody's luggage— -in value many thousands' of pouuds worth. Why don't tho owners fetch it away ? Nobody; knows and nobody , cares, and as it belongs . to Nobody, Nobody, knows ? best. Much of, this unclaimed luggage has boon hero lor nvo years or more :? still ' nooouy asks for it, save iu raro instauces,' and thoii Nobody often refuses to redeem '.it by payiug the warehouso chargos which have accumu lated on Nobody's, goods. '\ These goods have either' boon, wrongly addressed,' or not, ad dressed at all j or improperly .advised, or not advised at all ; or the consignee is dead and bankrupt, or won't' pay the dock- dues' oh them ; and: hore they tire in bond and keep ing for six 'yeara' imprisonment. The dock authorities, have power to .8.611, goods , un 1 11 1 1 marl nfron . ^.iir ri irmi ?*□ f r\ ttai i-*-\Kii»ihii 4-li nwi solves, but it answors their purposes betterito let Nobody's luggago ' eat it's head off iu chargos,' as they put it ; so that if Nobody should ever turn up after tho goods 'aro sold, he may get nothing. With this view, the unclaimed luggage is examined, from time to time, and also ticketed,, with the charges incurred for storing to5fj3ato. These packages are thon , selected on which tho dock company's lion for dues being cou sidored equal to the' value of tho goods, 'their heads may. bo supposed to bo eateu off, and they are offered for sale by auction.. ' A'strango assortment is Nobody'B luggage. One would have expected among so ranch .un claimed property to -have found at Iea6t ono or two prodigal umbrellas yoarning to be re stored to tho arms of their loug-lost aiid rightful gnurdiuns.1 But no — not even a stick of one. Where do they all go to— stray um brellas ? They do not enter horo — -'No- body' hasn't got them. . ..;..?? . What did Nobody intend to do with that fivo hundredweight of caoutchouc ? (the dock nni-for nn.llR if. '^^-n.r-lionU-** f/n- nlim'f-. ? -rlrtn'h laugh at his ignorauco — Kuowles and Smart, the auctioneers, call it ' k6 chilk') ?'. and why don't he take it away, and rub out the score tV Nobody sent, twenty serous of Syrian . tea without address or bill of lading. There it is iu the g'reat skin packages in tho waro him for , six years' : Will tho man never come for his tea, or bus ho gone for good to hia bier? There is indigo in maunds of buffalo-hides, a ton of it, that has been here sovou years, and umy stop here till 'all is blue' before it will get claimed. Will Nobody over fetch the ivory tusks, noar a dozen of thorn, in canvass packages, which wore sent to his order from tho Brazils a long tithe ago ? Or, if bo has not remitted payment for them, and is short of funds, why does Nobody not como .and claim tho ' box of gold dust, 'marked and numbered' ? ? But no ; this is a dock scuret. Aha,' Mr. Nobody !? you priok your oars. Untold riches which nobody knows awaits you bore, aiid— tho boat and worst of it is— Nobody can claim them. However,- it will bo long before, tho box of gold-dust ' oats its head off' in chargos : so, set your wits to work. At the time of the dearth in the cotton supply, whon many thoughtful minds turned their atteution to seeking a substitute fur cotton, a, scientific man brought home from the West Indies an immerse . quantity of queer-looking roots. They are very .fibrous, and fray out into strands stronger than flax, and as soft and shining as silk itsolf. But when he oatno back the war was ovor in. America, and the cotton supply promised better, so ho relin quished his project, and loft his roots in. '? pound' for the dues. Therothey remain to this day. ?? ... ; . ? At the far end of the warehouse is an im mense pilo'of chairs— Nobody's chairs. Hun dreds, almost thousands of them. These are ' deck chairs, wmoli the home-passengers by the Peninsnlar and Orieutal steamboajs bqnght for the passage home, and have pre ferred to be relieved from, rather than pay tho sixpence dock -duos on something 'so awk'ward to be carried about as a deck-chair. They are all shapes and Bizos and sorts: — Amerioan, Prenoh, and ' Indian— bamboo, birch, rattan, wire, .and cane. They will accumulate, and rid j matter, how- often the storehouse is cleared pf them, there is always a pile. : . .: -.v,v ,a.- ? .? ???-. ?? .' ? ?:? ^ - Hero are soa-ohoBts top,_ belonging to sea men— sent to the deckiH^rbe leftr- for seamen never como. The chests wait in the baggago warehouse till all hope is gone,, and when the time for . hope has passed without 'inquiries thoy come up here — dead men's ohests— ; chests of orphan, homeless Sailor rao'h and boys, with the London and Foreign Society's Bible in: them, and no oue to, enquire even for that— -till- the [Judgement Day. t y': ? At the last sale of Nobody's unclaimed luggago, among othor strange stray things that were put up for sale was a band-box containing — guess ? — a wedding-bonnet ! There it htid staid' in the musty old waro house for nearly seven year?, ' The label had been washed off, and there was no direction, and no cluo^o seiidei;. or destination; so it became Nobody's luggago. Every box is opened by tho authorities before goinqf into the unclaimed warehouse, and an inventory oarefully taken of its contents. One item in this band-box, however, esoaped the scrutiny of the examiner. The bonnet was taken out and displayed by the auctioneer—white silk aud.tulle,^n^'whiU 'lilies -fa had been otioec ? IJovjj, .itiT^s^ralX^spilediand ;-y,ell.)w.-T— a pior;* 1 sacli'-.4l'.abWed,',;,thing,',. limpj! andiof fia^fashiori long; gonehby.1 '?AvldbouririjjiImanybid!tw'6 shillings' for it,; arid, got it,ran'd; wad' jeered at for1' buying ''it.' But on taking, 'it- home ; he, fbund' SoWed'r'ri{i 'in' the, bpnnot's', ,orp\y,n a sovereign, and' these words, »on.,tli6v.bit of pape't, tljat. wrapped it np : ,'' A,,wedding pro-' WnVto,n'-iy, dear, Allib.' Nothing. else.' ?? ?? i ?? » rAnd't'hatwasNobody's bonnet. 'Who was ' Allie P' ; And had she expected the prospnt seven years 'before ?' : Were there. tearB that it didhdt come ? or .would there have been more if it had P. And, wob she .married -. to ,Npbqdy.''.1ftftor '/all ?.-'':Arid Vnow ? Is she .Nobody's bride ?,-. ,. ?, ? r -? , ? ?? j .', ' The ..late 'attemps to raise capital for 'Vic-' torian.'rtiines, in the London market have not ,bpon ' .-'.Bo.Vi anccessful . as might have been con sidered desirable.- liu,t tno partial iaiiure; 11 failure it i be, is duo rather to a disregard by colonists of- tho'business habits' and proclivi ties of English people than ^tb any other cause.,' : Victorians consider tlteir .mines quite as! good as English capital and, and quite -as valuablpj but London; capitalists have the same preferenco for, their capital, and then there is the distance. If Victoria ri under takings were -presented to the English mar ket upon equitable1 torma, and with a reason able sharo of the' control rotamed.here^no doubt' they would bo successful in acquiring English capital,' and if the London people were! fairly, dealt with, the flow of capital thitherwards 1 might; and no doubt would, bo steady and increasingV providing, of course capitalists here' were convinced of their being treated straightforwardly. More than'this can hardly be expected. Abovp all things, thoso'who. invest in mines on this side, of the1 globe^do not relish heavy .-responsibilities banging over them. They like, as a ruld, ,to know; what they undertake; 'to invest; and, then invest, and; have done with it^ It1 is not that any positivo disinclinatiqn-to invest \n-r at 'such' a distancq is ho obstacle what ever,, as recent examples ,-will Bhow. JtJut n they have to find the capital, they wish to hayo its control, and they liko also toi have :somo thing to say to the terms upon which- they findit. It is not that: there is any desirp un necessarily to 'interfere;' but it scorns' to them only reasonable that ;if intorfprencp .be. neces sary at any time to to save their, capital from blundering loss, that it should be reserved to them.— 'European Mail. ,;- ;i ':'' A Ghost in Manpiikstkb1.— For ' several, nitrhts past immonse crowds have been collec ted in and about the Feathers Hotol, attracted by tho r6port't-hat a ghost has -chosen one of tho busiest centres of Manchester, immedu ately opposite tho London-road station,' for its nocturnal appearances. Tho story is that for five wdeks past the inmates of the hotel have been disturbed at all hours ofthe night by strange and unaccountable noises.- When the weary waiters have gono to- sleep their dreams have been disturbed' by the unwel-. come tinkle first of one, then o£ two or more and 'sometimes all the bells in the house1— 14 in number — clanging together. A strict watch on seTeral occasions had been kept, and when this has been done the watchers have seen and heard not.hiner uuusnal,.but so surely the lights in tho inn havo been extin guished and quiet as beeVv maintained, the strange noise has commenced. ' About a week ago bellhangers woro got into the liouso, who rearranged the wires and tnuiHed tho bells, and by this means it warf supposed that the perturbed spirit had been laid at last to rost — an idea which was confirmed by tho fact that for six days thereafter the ghost made no manifestation. Between Tuesday llll^HU UUU If UllllUDUUJ UlULUUl^, UU'lkKUl) UUy Bound of bell3 again broke forth with undi minidhod violence, and . in defiance of boll hangers and special dotuctives. ,' An indo- , scribablo presenco is said to have made itself manifestion tho stairs of the hotel, dressed in most unghostly habilimonta of black, to a couple of boys and a polioomau, who wero so much frightened by the sight that thoy are unable to. give any account of the spirit's disappearance. Of all tho inmates of tho bouse tho cook has boon the , most affeoted by the spiritual influence, -and on : Wednesday rei signed her comfortable situation,' with all its perquisites, and we believe, has taken to bed seriously ill. Meanwhile the house is nightly crowded by hundreds of visitors, who, excited by curiosity, and thirst for knowledge, or other desire, have been exorbitant in their' demand for spirits, to the no small profit of ofthe landlord. — ' Manchester Examiner.' Tykanny of Fashion. — Does any lady' ev«r look nt the arnvngemont of any othor ladies hair? Does any lady look into a hairdresser's shop ? If so, how does the hideous ohignon, it its present itrniinrt.innA. hn\t\ nrnnnA ? Tf nnv wnmnn'a ti«^il grew into suoli mnnatroim shapes as now may be seen in all iiiroctious wherever women aro con gregutod together, it woulrl he n caso of mourning to her family, of consultation among uminent surgeons, and she, would probably ppend; tho greater part of her,, time iu judicious seclusion. Hero shall be a woman of email delicate funtiuoc, a small bead, and of smull stature. Instead. of making the most of the nntnrnl beauties with Which she is gifted, site frizzle*, and, cats, and gums her front hair,, into all sorts of uncouth forms, and surmounts hor back hair with mi; enormouB ball of somebody elsu's tressna. -She; appanra to hayo two beads, ono, the artificial, con siderably larger than ttie other. The hat has to be perched on the nose, nnd a most preposterous' result is presented. However, there is one virtue' about a chignon.,., It is honost, Tbere'B no deeep tiou, gentlemen. Even if the- Indies were desirous of trying to lead' ono to suppose that the porter'g Uriot outlieir heads is comporod of their owo hair it would be usuIusf. For the hairdressers, anxlouu tp'.adverttBe their wnres, have rendered that decep tion an impossibility. The shops are full of chig nons. Plain chignons; frizzed chignons; chig nons wovon into a pattern similar to tho large basket work chiefly UBod for wnste-puper bnshets; ohiRnona with supplumentary ooi'Ib; chignons with straight flimsy t losses pendnut from thorn ; chig nons of eyory variety, have long bonn familiar to the male observer. . As we look into our fashion able hairdresser's, moreover, wo become aware of long. and thick plaits of hair, of arrangements of curls, and of similar devicos, braids, und bands to u most astouishiug extent.— -All the year Hound. A Southern Lawyer was tho other day defending a case against a railroad company for running ovor and maiming a child. He gravely told. the jury that if thoy awarded damages, tho pooplo of New Orleans would eternally bo sending thoir children iu' tho street to be run over. 'Judy' thinks 'thoughtful hpspitalUy entertaining an idea.' . ? «* ? '. 