G.osTs IN AusTO aL5.-1In these enlightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about "ghosrts making their appearance, but the following statement of what has befallen three respectable men nbar Young is authentic, and may be relied upon'by'our readers as being no hoax. Tile tlhree men referred to are splitting ptet and rails for fencing, at a plhace about four miles from Young, near the Three-aiulle ' and the old Dufoer Rush. The first time they saw anything unusual was on, one mooolight night, about three weeks ago, when rilthey were much startled Iby seeing in the bush near theor hut a white object about thie size ofa cat, but of no particular form.. This extraordinury.looing object suddenly befois. hbir eyes spruag sup into a white spectre about eight feet hIigh. They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it withl a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and one anotherf tin another occasion they retired to bed at the nssnal hour on a calm, still night, went to sleep, alespt for some time, and upon one waking up doring the night, he was much surprised to Dind that tie whole of tile roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out tlhey saw the spectre, but no one lse ias about, and thelcy are quite sure that neither on this nor the former occasion was it eithler a man oi a womaon. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dunab. founded them. Aunother night they were much ane prised at seeing a struange unearthly-looking animal somewhat resembling a dog, with a long.echain *t· tached to it. This animal came right in front of the but, and commenced grinning at them, but hasdeno noise, either by barking orotherwise, save the onesloail rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no eff'et upon it. The dog, or what ever it was, remained for some considerable time.. On another night the dog seemed to harereturned,t for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon lookinse outside they saw that a plate which had basts left there was in motion, but they could notees whit caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hlear the same noise above. They watchedit for some time, the plate being kept"hi miltifis'nid the noise being distinctly heard ai if the slate wAs being lieked by some animal On Sundsy'ast tise men came into Yodlg, and upon one ofthem returning in the evening he found that the door ofthe hbthed been pulled down, and its contents brought outsido and left th re. Two out of the three men are well ktowu to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated sasy be relied upou as tihe truthi. A eshephesd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting thiere quarrelled, and one killed the other with anaxe, and afterwards fel a treeon him, and that it was niothling extraordinary for the murdered man's ghosttomakeitsappearance.-Burransongd rgiir. ExrrERcs ENTS IN CUTTING AIND LuOADINo SUOA CaNE.-On Saturday last, says the Soutbgate :orresa pondenti of the Clarence .Eaminer, Mr. Molmoth Hall conducted a eerie of hlighly interesting and im portant experiments at Mr. Chlristopher Leeson's at that place, on the subject of cutting and filling and emptying drays with sugar cane, and ascertaining with precision the spore shlich a on of it will occupy. One man with a chippitg toe cut a ton of cane of the ribbon and dark purple varieties-first rattoonas, nine and ten months' growth-in one hour; and two men cut off'lthe usripe tops, white three boys carried the prepared cone to an American platform weiglhin?g machine, where Mr. William Johnson weighed them, 200 Ibs. at a lime in the same period. T·wo men were engoged in loading thie canes on a horse dray : ne to lift themu, and one to arrange them on the dray; they waere occupied about hslf an hour. Eleven minutes suileed to empty the canes on the ground again. The cart had not been provided with any frame work, and the ton of cane was with some difficulty loaded on tfi cart ; but awith a framework all roundthere need be no dilliculty at all in placing that quantity on a bhorese dray, atd double as much on a bullock-dray. The space the csnes occupied was nearly 100 cubic feet, being two and a half times as much as the usual reckosing of forty feet to the ton. Mr. Hall stated that this w5s0 very nearly what he had made it when hle nalculated it in Sydney. He also stated tbat, from what hIe remembered his coolies to have been in the hlabt of doing in India, hlie felt sure that three Eng lishmeo would be able to do ten tons of cane easily. From this, hIlowever, the farmers diesented, alleging that the day was cloudy and cool; but if it were a hot day in tVle middle of summer, they would not be able to do more tihan eight tons, ifL hat. To this Mr. Hall rephied that they would do more when they had a little more practice than tlhey did at first. At his request a telmporary press was made, with a long sep ling for a leroer, to equeez se tLaNico out l somecaness and try how much nsuar thlere wase in it at this time of thle year. Tile dark purple variety, ten months' growthl, of first eatrooss, marked 8 degrees Beaume ; lightl purple, thle same, 7 degrees; Bourbon, the pame, 71 degrees; ribbon, tnine months' growth, of firpt rat tooas, 7i decrees; China, twenty months' growth of plant cane, SI degrees. Mr. Hall took occasion to re-. mark shat this trial was to him more tlhasn commooly intecresting, as it would show the farmer conolusively that nwhat he had alrays maintained, in spite of the peroistolst contradiction of his venerable friend, Mr. sThonlas Scott, of Brisbane Water, was true-namely, that thie richlness of thle sougar-caxe in saccharine matter did not depend on the age of the cane, but on the period of the year at which it was cut, and that there was but half a degree of the saceharameter difference between the density of the juice from the dark purple canes, after a growth of only ten months, and that of thejuice from Mr. Scott's Tahiti cane, after a growth of double thel time; and as from its hard woody character the supply of juice was small compared with the purple, he felt sure thley would not be misled into preferring Mr. Scott's cane to it. Mr. Hall expressed hie surprise at finding tie Bourbon--or, ss he called it, the Bourbon -markt0 so igh; asd csid hIe had hIitherto condemned Ithis cane as yielding a large quanltity ofjuice of low dessity, bht that hie should havure to look a little more closely itlo ste umatter yet before he decided. He considered lthat by thie end of October the density of all lhe cantes woult be probably increased two degrees of thle sauechuaraeterte, aud that tise canes would be groean siglbt en inches to t wofet hligher. Thie quantity of gr'ould feaom which tie tot of cane was cut was i'UtS squ1are feet; and tile estimated yield per acre at that rule, about 31 tons, lwhich he stated was very good IforL thie utile the ane had been growing and for tile seaatsoll of lie yerl. Thie couse were covered more or less withl a kiud of blight, seemingly having some olliny teo ItI Amtriteas bligllt; some pieces of cane so ilhectld were cut and put into a box to be sent to the Agriculturnl Societyint Sydney. The blighteems conulied to thel stalks, and sot to injure the plaut, as thel leaves are all healtly and vigorous, but it is just as wed to iknow what it is, and whether it is likely to be misclhievous before it spreads any further. 