CURIOUS SUIT ABOUT A LYRE-BIRD. An amusing interpleader action, Ellis v. Ross, was heard before Mr. Justico Harmon, on May 26, to try the right of these two parties to tho property in a bird called a " lyre-bird." which had been brought from Australia by the defendant, and sold to the Zoological Society for £100. According to the plaintiffs case (the Hon. J. G. Ellis), ho had boon some timo in Australia. He went to Sydney, and called upon a person named Palmer, in Hunter-street, in that city. Palmer was a naturalist, and ho had a malo lyre-bird, which was a very scarce bird, and therefore very valuable. It had beon tamed, and Mr. Ellis agreed to purchase this bird, and gave £25 for it. Ho directed Palmer to endeavour to obtuin a female lyre bird, and to send them over together to him in England by a vessel called La Hogue. Ho intended to present them to the Zoological Society. The defendant was the steward of that vessel. Upon the ship arriving, the plaintiff received a letter from the defendant, stating that ho was sorry to inform him that Palmer had obtained another of those birds, and, thinking it was a female, ho had put it in the cage with the other bird, but that during his absence tho birds had fought and killed each other, and ho had brought him over the skins and tails of tho birds. Tho defendant took a similar birctto the Zoological Gardens and sold it to tho society for £100. The plaintiff, hearing this, went to tho gardens, and saw and examined the bird, and he was convinced that it was the bird he had purchased of Palmer. It took notice when he called it " Cockoy," which was tho namo by which it went when tamed and in Palmer's possession. Mr. Hawkins convulsed tho court with laughter in opening tho plaintiff's case. The bird when at tho gardens had quite recovered itself after its voyage. It hopped about and fed, and appeared proud and happy ; its tail had grown, and it was admired by all who saw it, whether they paid Is. or 6d. on a Whit- Monday, as well as by tho Fellows who had tho opportunity of visiting it at their leisure on Sundays. At last, however, this action was commenced, and that had a visiblo effect on the bird. It seemed to say, " I am now pulled about by lawyers and by inquisitive persons. They have put mo in exhibits in affidavits. I am put in interrogatories ; and this is not confined to week days ; but Mr. Donman, who is a Fellow, comes on Sundays and examines and cross-examines mo to my groat annoyance. I can stand it no longer. I will give up tho ghost, and go and join the other birds in Paradise, who are my relatives." And tho bird actually died. The question was whether this bird had belonged to the plaintiff or tho defendant. The plaintiff swore that he purchased a bird of Palmer, and he believed it bo tho ono he had seen in the Zoological Gardens. The defendant swore that bo had bought this very bird of Palmer, giving him £20 for it, and it was sent on board his ship five or six weeks after the purchase. Ho called him " Joey." Ho brought him homo and sold him to tho Zoological Society for £100. Palmer wanted to re-purchase tho bird after it was on board. He had sold a similar bird to the Society tho previous year for £125, which is still living. The jury returned a verdict for tho plaintiff. The following letter in relation to tho caso appeared in tho Star of May 31 : — " Tho report of the caso of Ellis v. Ross in your paper of tho 27th is incorrect, and calculated to injure the defendant, as it states that the plaintiff had paid for a female lyre-bird, in addition to a male bird previously purchased, and that two birds were shipped on board tho La Hoguo in charge of the defendant. It was neither stated by counsel nor proved in evidence that tho plaiutiff had paid for a female bird or that ho had shipped the two to Eng land ; but it was proved by tho defendant that he had purchased a " lyre-bird " of a dealer in Sydney, for which ho paid £20, and upon arrival in this country sold it to the Zoological Society, he having, in 1867, brought home and sold to the Society another " lyre-bird," the first live importation. Tho caso of tho plaintiff was that tho dealer had sold tho same bird twice, viz., first to the plaintiff and then to the defendant. Tho learned judge and foreman' of the jury both stated that there was no imputation whatever upon tho bona fides of tho defendant, Mr. Ross, in tho transaction. Let mo add that tho defendant is a butcher, and not tho steward of tho La Hogue. — " W. Faknfield, the defendant's attorney." 