FRIDAY, DECEMBER 81, 1869. BEFORE our next publication the year will liave closed, and 1870 will have commenced, bringing its usual joys, cares, and seasons. For ourselves, in looking back upon the past, we grate folly affirm that our enterprise has so far been successful. There was no doubt in our m nds when we first visited Clare that a paper to chronicle the passing events of such a town as this is was needed. Various contending interests of not only Clare and its immediate neighborhood, but of the whole Northern districts, required a journal to aid, and in some cases restrain, their efforts. We considered the size and importance of Clare, com bined with the enterprising and rising townships of Auburn, Watervale, Min taro, and others of less importance, justified the effort and made it. Now, at the close of our first year and the beginning of our second, we do not regret having done so. The paper is on a small scale at present, but it is our intention at some future time to enlarge it considerably, and hope by so doing we shall receive the support necessary to enable us to carry out the undertaking successfully. j The past year has enabled the Cor poration of Clare to get into working order, to furnish in a manner that reflects upon that body in the highest degree the most important work in the town-the main street; and had the Government responded to the petition of the Mayor and Councillors, this work would not have stood alone. Doubtless this is only the forerunner of what this body can and will do. Within this month they have had new blood infused into them, giving them such strength that great things may be expected. One of the most neces sary things required by the ratepayers i& what we have advocated previously, viz., an Inspector of Nuisances, to see that tlie by-laws are not infringed, and that the streets are kept in order. The Council, no doubt, will endeavor to meet this requirement shortly. The revival of the School effort is another notable feature in Clare pro gress, and it is to be hoped that the interest in this undertaking may not flag in the time to come. This project has been a long time on hand, and the public have partially given up the idea of a public school being erected; but the Committee, however, will now doubtless finish so desirable an under taking, especialty as they have both land and material in readiness. Though the complaints of dull times have held ground, yet we have noticed no particular decrease in the number of our tradesmen, while places of busi ness are rather on the increase ; amongst others, the very handsome block of buildings of the Scottish Bank demands special- mention as proof of progress. Auburn and Watervale have also progressed wonderfully during the past few years. In the former place several fine buildings have been erected, in cluding a Town Hall of no inconsider able magnitude. Watervale, although inferior in size to Auburn at the pre sent time, is a township worthy of the beautiful country in which it is situated. The Foresters1 Hall will shortly be completed, which will certainly be a handsome structure, and a credit to all concerned. The latest number of the Illustrated Adelaide Post is to hand. It contains a beautiful illus- trated supplement entitled "The Bushman's Dream." We are requested to draw the attention of our readers to a notice in another column, stating that all the stores will be closed on Monday next, instead of Saturday. Is is rather a notable fact that during the ^Gfhristmas festivities not a single instance of drunkenness or disorderly conduct was brought before the Clare Police Court. Such a circum stance is worthy of note, as it is quite an unusual thing for the officers connected with the Court to be allowed a few days of undis turbed enjoyment at this season of the yea'*. We have been favored with an inspection of Mr. Thwaiie's studio, and find that that gentle man has lately taken several local views; amongst them is a photograph of the Town Hall and English and Scottish Bank, which is a very creditable production, being clear and distinct. A view of the Main street of Clare, from Mr. Eord's hotel to the top of Gleeson's Hill, and several of the stores, have also been taken in a style equal to metropolitan photo graphy. ] One of those happy re-unionB which fre quently occur between congregations of the Wesleyan booy and their former pastors took j place on Christmas Day, which must have been j highly gratifying to the reverend gentleman who, at the request of his old friends, paid a visit to his former diocese. The Rev. Henry Bath, of Kapunda, preached in the Wesleyan Church, Clare, on Christmas Day evening to a very large congregation, taking his text from Luke i. 78-" The dayepring from on high hath visited us." The sermon was very appropriate, and delivered with the reverend gentleman's ueual eloquence. In the afternoon a tea meeting was held in the Town Hall, bounti fully supplied by the ladies of Clare. The tables were replenished five times, and the pro* ceeds of the tea amounted to upwards of £20, which was very satisfactory. In the evening the Wesleyan Church was filled to overflowing, when the meeting was opened with singing and prayer by the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith. The chair was taken by Thomas Moysee, Esq, after which a very interesting and instructive lecture was delivered by the Rev. Henry Bath, on the subject of " Christianity and Modern Civilisa tion," who gave a very succinct and graphic account of the rise and progress of the Church, and its connection with civilisation down to modern times. The choir added materially to the evening's enjoyment. On Sunday, the 26tb, the same gentleman preached to crowded con gregations, the subject in the morning being " Xbe man who was born blind," and in the evening from Job xiv. 10-"Man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?" Collections were made after the service on Christmas Day morning, the lecture in the evening, and Sunday, which, together with the tea, amounted to about £35, towards the Trust Funds of the Clare Wesleran Church. The usual Glare annual races will tale place on Monday next. Although not on eo large a scale as in previous years, the programme is a liberal one, taking all circumstances into con sideration, and a good day's sport is antici pated. We are given to understand that the section in the south of the town of Clare, belonging formerly to Dr. Backhaus, has been purchased by Mr, Yictonen, who intends having it cut up into suitable building sites; the public will, therefore, hare a good opportunity of pur chasing allotments in every way adapted for business purposes. The Christmas holidays hare passed off very quietly in this and the surrounding districts. A large number of Clare residents left for } Wallaroo and the metropolis, evidently glad to J get away from the scene of their every-day labors for a short time. New Tear's Day, which is announced to be observed on the 3rd of January, will complete the holidays for a short time, and business, which has been at a stand still, will be resumed. A correspondent sends us the following: A ball took place at the opening of Mr. War ren's Hotel, Saddleworth, on Tuesday night, i 28th instant. A large number gathered toge j ther, and dancing was kept up with great spirit until after daylight the following morning. The wheat crops are somewhat better in this locality than below River-ten, although they are bad enough here, and the average yield will be very light indeed. Harvesting will soon be finished, if the present fine weather laBts. Christmas passed off very quietly, ilieie being but few pleasure-seekers, on account of the farmers being anxious to gather their wheat in as soon as possible. A fatal accident occurred at the Light Bridge Races on Saturday last, during the struggle for the Hurdles. Two horses started, the one being ridden by H. Cameron, and the other by James Hurling. The former led the way for a considerable distance, but* on coming near the last hurdle he baulked, and Hurling's horse, which had gained ground considerably, ran against Cameron's, and fell over on top of his rider, breaking his neck and falling across his chest. Death was almost instantancL us. The deceased was about 18 years of age, and resided near Stockport. It appears singular, but he seemed to have a presentiment of his death, for he was very reluctant to ride on that occasion, and informec^ several parties that it would be the last race he should ever ride at, as be knew he was riding to break bis neck. An inquest was held, and the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. A picnic took place on the 28th, being the 33rd anniversary of the colony, on Mr. Tril ling's section, near Sevenhiils. Upwards of 300 individuals assembled on the ground, and all seemed determined to take advantage of the holiday and enjoy themselves as much as pos sible, Owing, however, to a misunderstanding between the committee no provision was made for any sports, although it had been announced that a shooting match would take place, also foot-racing, end various ether games; and considerable disappointment was felt by in tending competitors at their not taking place. The catering part of the affair was ably per formed by Mr. Welle, who had a booth erected on the ground, fromwbich he dispensed food of various kinds-from jam tarts to roast beef to the hungry, and allayed the thirst of others by refreshing cups of tea and coffee. There were no intoxicating liquors on the ground. About 5 o'clock the visitors began to disperse, and by 7 the ground was completely cleared of everything. We have been informed that the strong hot winds of Monday, the 16th inst., have done a considerable amount of damage to the wheat crops in all the Northern districts; even more than was at first anticipated, by the farmers, who did not find out the full amount of damage sustained until the winnowing machine had been to work cleaRing the corn. It. was then that the full extent of the loss was found out. . Tn one instance a party near Mintaro, whose crop had previously turned out 20 bushels to the acre, only realised 7 bushels after the dust si or m. The heavier the crops the more they appear to have suffered in proportion,compareed with very light crops. In the neighborhood of Spring Farm the heaviest crops had about half ' the yield blown out, and on Blyth and Hoyle's ; Plains considerable damage was sustained; \ likewise in Auburn, Watervale, and others places. j ~ Mr. W. McCord, of G-awler River, informs us (Bunyip) that an empty dray of his weighing \ 16 cwt, was tilted up against the barn door, when a l udden guBt of wind drove it a distance of forty-five yards, coming against the post at the corner of the house, otherwise, he believes ; it would have gone through the wall/ The dray passed over two large logs before it struck the post, which it broke. The roof of the barn and ftable were completely taken off. The examination of the pupils of Mr. Gra ham'fi Catholic 8chool took place in the echool room, Clare, on Thursday, December 24th. The examination was conducted by the Rev. J. E. Pallhuber, who took his seat in the chair at about 10 o'clock a.m. A few visitors also were present. The proceedings commenced "with examinations in geography and grammar, on which subjects the scholars generally ac quitted themselves very creditably. We may make mention of Mary Curtis, G-. Fitzgerald, and F. Godlee, as being very good in respect to writing, their letters being well formed and their books free from blots, &c.; Mary Curtis and Gr. Fitzgerald also recited some pieces very well, and we think the latter especially is deserving of credit for the way in which he delivered the " Three Black CrowsAlice Stockdale also did very well. The chanting generally was very fair, and the concluding national anthem of " God Save the Queen" was well sung. On account of some extra expenses attached to improvements in schoolroom, &c.;, the prizes were cot quite so valuable as is usual; but nevertheless quite a sufficiency was provided by the Chairman and others, ar.d all seemed quite satisfied and pleased with what was awarded to them for their respective merits. The Rev. «T. E. Pallhuber, in addreesing the boys at the conclusion, told them that he was pleased to find them so much improved, and that he hoped next year they would be able to show as much improvement over the present examination. The school appears to be well ventilated, and is lof dimensions. At present we understand there are about 60 boys and girls attendant, nearly all of whom were present at the examination, and elicited praises for their generally cleanly and well-dre&sed; appearance, also for their behaviour,and apparently well-taught respectful conduct. The Evening Journal gives the following account of the supposed auriferous deposits in the neighborhood of Kooringa: - " Gold has certainly been discovered at Ulooloo Hill, about 25 miles north-east from the Burra, 12 or 14 miles from Mount Bryant, on the Government reserve, not far from Messrs. Stephens and Brayley's run. Mr. Harvey, of near Kapunda, an experienced digger, lately took up land in the neighborhood, and from the quantity of quartz in the locality, he and Mr. Brayley determined to sink on the creek in search of the precious metal. Three holes were sunk and gold found in each, and out of three tubs of 'stuff' two pennyweights were procured. This is all the information that can at present be obtained. In the meantime we must hope that Mr. Brayley will continue the search. Unfortunately the land is nearly all alienated from the Government for a distance of two miles up the creek, where a thick scrub com mences, very similar to the Humbug Scrub of Barossa. Quartz is scattered all over the adja cent country." The crops around Gawler are stated to be very poor; in some instances where eight or nine bushels to the acre were ixpected, only two or three have been realized. The Bunyip says that one 80-acre section yielded only six bags, and adds that the general feeling of the farmers in that locality is one of disappointment. The upland crops are superior to those on the plains. The Wentworth annual races came off on December 15,16, and 17, and appear to have been a thorough success, notwithstanding the unfavorable state of the weather. The atten dance was large, and all the events were well contested. The libel case of Solomon v. Daniels, in con nection with the late elections in the city, was investigated before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M., at the Adelaide Police Court, on the 22nd and 23rd instant. After a very lengthy hearing, his Worship committed the defendant to take his trial at the next Criminal sitting of the Supreme Court. Bail was allowed, himself in £100, and two sureties of £50 each. A cross information was then laid against Judah Moss Solomon by John Daniels, for an alleged libel. His Worship, however, considered there was not sufficient evidence to convict the defendant, and accordingly dismissed the information. The following deaf adder adventure is related by the Register:-"On Monday night Mr. B. Sutton, of Dalkey, was sitting with slippers on at tea, when a deaf adder, measuring two feet four inches, came into the room and was noticed at his feet. He jumped up and noticed that the cat had been watching it for some time, Mr. Sutton got a poker, and in following the reptile to the door, the candle went out, but the cat darted on the adder, and a blow killed it. On looking at his feet our informant noticed a puncture on one like the prick of a fork, and immediately taking a sharp knife he cut out a piece of flesh, then placed a tight bandage round the ankle, wearing it all nighty consequently no injury resulted." At Kooringa one day last week a woman named Binning, while riding with a man's saddle, fell from her horse, and was dragged several yards, her foot having become entangled in the stirrup. She was not seriously injured* and is now fast recovering from the slight hurts she received. The following detailed account of the recent fatal bush fire on Yorke's Peninsular is given in the Evening Journal of the 27th instant, from the pen of Mr. Munyard, master of the cutter Young Galatea:-"The fire, it seems, origi nated in Yorke Valley, and traversed a distance of 45 miles in about three hours. Graigie, who met his death, was driving his sheep towards his hut, when the smoke overcame him, and he sank, suffocated, to the ground, within 150 yards of the liuf, where were his wife and family. He told his boy, who was out with him, to make for the hut; but the poor little fellow could not have gone far with his father's last message, for his body was found but 20 yards from the poor man himself. The news of the lamentable disaster was brought to us by his eldest daughter, who traversed her way zigzag through the fiery fence that sur rounded her. Immediately that we heard the daughter's tale, we started in Mr. Whitcraft's dray for the scene of death and devastation. Nearly the whole road to the hut was fraught with difficulty and danger, for the fire was like a wall on each side of us. When we arrived the shepherd's wife was nearly frantic. She met us on the road, and it was she who found the body of her unfortunate son. She had found her husband before, and being unable to remove him to the hut herself, wrapped him in blankets. We then took him to the hut, and one of us (G. Parker) rubbed him with kero sine, but it was useless, as the man was too far gone to recover; the flesh peeled off, and not a ; vestige of beard or hair remained. He died within about two hours after we took him to Mr. Whitcraft's. We then made a coffin for the boy, and James Taylor kindly made one for the man. When we left Mr. Goldsworthv had gone for a magistrate to hold an inquest on the bodies. Mr. Goldsworthy is a heavy loser by the dire evint, for he lost 1,800 breeding sheep, and narrowly escaped with his life by jumping over the clff; even then the flames were so fierce that he had to keep immersing his head in the water." 