ENTERTAINMENTS. TEE THEATRES. &e.; ** Glre me le*»e *0 speak my mind." -Shakspzajuc. Mr. Broughs extravaganza of ine neia of tBe Cloth of Gold" was reproduoed at the Duke of Edinburgh last Saturday night. It has had some considerable success in London at the Strand Theatre, where it was first played last ApriL The title is suggestive of magnificent spectacular effects, but it is not quite so certain that the subject is the best in the world for this description of dramatic performance. For though a knowledge of history is considered a necessary part of polite education, it is quite certain that a great many persons know very little about history, and that historical references therefore are somewhat perplexing in a general way. It is unquestionable that last Saturday night there were not ten people out of every hundred in the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre who knew anything about '' The Field of the Cloth of Gold." The events with which it is asso ciated might have taken place in France, in England, in Germany, or in fairyland, for anything they. ..knew. --^are say, indeed, that ^.v^ar the most probable'locality to most 'df.Moose pre sent. Mr.^lfoljerts would have a^pe well to devote one. page of the pretty pjftgramme to a preliminary-chapter ^m«fliH^e,vso as to relieve people &^r£)ieiutfpleasant embar rassment of confessing thfcii igh'orance. Per haps historical extravaganzas may bring about the incidental good of directing atten tion to history as a pleasant study; and thus an undoubted evil may lead to an equally obvious good. To be sure, there may arise a little confusion by reason (of the ifirst impression of a character being derived from the burlesque version. Thus, in the case of the Duke of Suffolk, Btudents of history who commence their readings at the instance of Mr. Brough and Mr. Roberts, will derive the notion of a most charming individual, but not, perhaps, the exact individual of whom Hollingshed makes mention. If it be optional, however, as to which notion should be retained, I, for one at least, prefer to retain that conveyed by Miss Jenny Bryce, than whom a more exquisitely pic turesque nobleman cannot be imagined. The ghost of the sixteenth century duke might not perhaps recognise himself, but that is no concern of ours. The charm and the exquisiteness remain. Resides which, as hath been before remarked, the beings that people a burlesque are ofta distinct order, and are not to be confounded with real creatures ofthettame name, and rarely if it comes to a question of preference, one may consult one's inclination. And looking at Miss Bryce from another point of view, she may very fairly be taken as a representative personage. That is to say she may be regarded as typical of what burlesque characters should be, namely perfectly picturesque. And of the picturesque, be good enough to remember that there are subdivisions, one of these being of the sort illustrated by Miss Bryce, to wit, the exceedingly pretty division. Another sort is of the grotesque description, and of this Mr. M *60 wan may be selected as a good example. His part is that of Sir Guy the Cripple, a sort of Khorsanbad and Richard the Third combined, and he gives yon a very fair notion of the two. The two kings are also of the grotesque de scription'. Somehow kings are generally made ridiculous in burlesques, and accordingly Henry the Eighth ahd Francis the First are motleyfied—if you will pardon the word—in the persons 'of Mr. Noble and Mr. Musgrave. Mr. Noble, however, might make more of the burliness of the royal personage whom gosh ing,chronic! ereaad sportive critics are wont to term "Bluff Hab" and Mr. Musgrave might do more to realise tire notion of gro tesqueness than by seeming to beserious and something dismal. But Mrs. Phillips, as Queen Eatherihe, jLs a rarely grotesque pter sonBge, and Mr. Hans Phillips, as a comic nobleman of the period, creates an ahnost uproarious sensation in the -gallery by the remark aide attenuation of his lower extremi ties. MiaM'Gowan as Earl Darnley, another nobleman oftbe period, is ofthelivdyaod picturesque description. The three remain ingfemale character?—Anne Boleyn, L fonsjtonce Grey< &&<! Boise deUFoix—arp of the hehtralsart, especially the Lady Con sUuioede ''draft triiom; Midi Gougenheim represents as'a marvd of Hatha® and' ixi Bplfllty*1'" vj lw.rt'1 idi (•( ';i TTwo :<diawicters^fcaftempdfc^io fee mren turned, iand l am not <-«nfee that theyi are notientitled to an apoiogyr for haing spoken «f last,. considering , what a promt* nW poritipp they. tek^ ondwhat »• pbtain cv^Mpht , A^d fhey are tire more to be commended in thatttay, " ,ve not a word to say. The charm of thar -'troweve^ btosfsta in theirbbing pe£ rmlnrml,ahddhpofar thetfaerveasad J need fcanUy iay,*# not natural.f Mb .to the names or the characters sustained by these two performers, so that I am deficient in the information necessary 'to complete the mention of them. Rumours have reached me, indeed, that before making their entry upon the scene in which they appear, they behaved somewhat indecorously, and that compulsion was necessary to bring them in front of the audience. This, however, may be only calumny, arising from jealousy of their success. " The Field of the Cloth of Gold" is a good burlesque, ingeniously contrived and smartly written; and if this were the first time it had been played, and if Mr. Brough had lived in Melbourne instead of London, I should have thought he had been indebted for several of the jokes to some burlesques that have lately been written and played in this city. As it is, I suppose the resemblance is to be ascribed to coincidence, of which we'have recently had so remarkable an example, that for some time we are not to be surprised at any fresh instances of a similar kind. It is well got up; the scenery is pretty, the dresses very San(* the general acces sories bright and sparkling. The scene of the arrival of the English King at Calais is j excellently arranged, and very creditable, to i Mr. Holmes. The grand spectacle of the I "field" itself is equally good, and the mar. I shalling of the procession.very artistic. But decidedly the best thing in this scene is the dance which precedes the coming on of the t great personages. The dancers are habited in white and gold, with flowing golden hair, | and the effect altogether is most agreeable, and altogether different from what is usually experienced. That very graceful little creature, Miss Sally Lloyd, is especially oh-' servable in this part of the performance. I I should think this burlesque ought to be j popular, both on acconnt of its own inherent merits, and because of the spirited manner in which it has been got up. But, indeed, it is so difficult to predicate success, and success comes so frequently when it is not sought, and as freqnently does not come when it is deserved, that prophecy is perpetually at fault, and I can therefore'only wish it may enjoy a run. The burlesque during the week has been preceded by the farce of "A Lady and Gentleman in a peculiarly perplexing Pre dicament," which is even much better than a good many more recent pieces of the same class. For though extravagant, and perhaps absurd, it is extremely amusing, and the theme, albeit somewhat worn, being at least a century old, is one which will hear a good deal of re- hashing. As we have it, the authorship belongs to that very prolific light dramatist Mr. Selby; bat there is tolerably reliable internal evidence that it existed on the other side of the English Channel before it was pnt into an Fnglinh dress. Those whose recollections cany them back sufficiently far, may remem ber-the date of its production—that is to say August 9, 1841—at the Lyceum, then the English Opera-house, when that pleasurably charming songstress Mrs. Waylett was one of the attractions of the London theatres, and when little Keeley .was in the very fulness of his comic power. It is quite long enough now for most people not to have seen it with the original cast, and for those who have so seen it to retain but a faint remembrance of the rare humour of the latter, and the special agreeableness of the lady. Each is now only a tradition of the stage, but it is , not difficult to imagine what the enjoyment must have been with these two in the cast. j There was a time when Miss Gougenheim would have made you nearly forget Mis. Waylett,—supposing you to have seen her,— but now Miss Joey Gougenheim only serves to remind you of a sparkling crea ture of the same name, who used to delight everybody at the Princess's. Mr. M'Gowan, however, is to he complimented for the pains he takes to brine out all the fun of the "gentleman," and for the veiy considerable success which follows upon his pains. Pieces such as this, however, would be all the more attractive if they were got up with proper attention to perfect scenic re quirements. They lose much of their effect when these are extemporised. Mrs. Steele Is announced to appear at this theatre to-night, and Mrs. Steele has been annoonoed also to appear at the Theatre Royal, Ballarat, to-night. Clearly she can not appear at both places; but, as it is quite certain die has signed a formal en gagement to play in Melbourne, and, as I am. informed, has not signed any en gagement to play in Ballarat, there Is every probability that her numerous ad mirers—and they are very numerous will not have to leave Melbourne to enjoy her admirable performances. For myself, I am glad she is keeping at the Duke d Edinburgh, inasmuch as it is at this, theatre she has achieved her actual success. In truth, the has made whatever of real prestige attaches to this house, and there is a sort of consistency in her remain ing there. . i The pantomime is still current at the Royal, and it has been preceded during the weekly < aromedJettadesctibedintheadvertugmnitM " My SieterHarrieClratintbe bills Wita more legitimate designation'hit "Is He jisdous?" It is a bad system this multlplpsr-'^'flTtfumi. andis apt to irritate ione. The jureal "Js j SSsi AMB&atsfe; pe* names aretolerahly «urtsobefcmnd much ST^Ts He .rJedousVi%na! it' may dmoit'be classed amohg ^oie *pie(teWUHi£ dowwjtte. iti aiML fanless the acting ^e . verygood, theyaretiffimostwearfremetmnre the acting roWkbocL yaftopuiapieoeontheStagewitb such a ■ l irfitaiMii ' - 