LITERATURE SCIENCE AND ART THE FOLLIES OF FASHION BY A WOMAN Of all our follies none perhaps are so great as those which we commit in the name of Fashion. Fashion is the sorceress to whose spell we all succumb, the tyrant whose -will not one of us dares dispute, the Ignis Fatuus -whose wavering flame we follow, indifferent to the nature of the ground through which we are led. Bog or brake— what does it matter? so long as we go precisely as we are told. and obey that mysterious and capricious leader of ours, we are all right; and if we do fall into odd places meanwhile, that is not our own fault, but rather the misfortune of the times. Fashion while young is never in fault- when old you may laugh at her as much as you please; but while new and vigorous all that she does is perfect, and if you, as an individual, stand out: against - her and find her ways -unpleasant, the blame lies with you and not the lawgiver. Perhaps I am wrong in saying that Aot one qtr -,[-jub dares -dispute this tyrant; -tibia greatpDalai; r,, I*amaofthe workroom and the TnaTrnfacfcory y oi,forr,every:'now and then we do'saeet Snthire. L.jpusants who refuse to tafcejon: themselves the .joke of fashion,T«nd fwhoiwalkaninifBttereii ^freedom, bound fcy. no silken ties.snd- lured 1 by no false lights of pretenled'Jjeauiy.e'lBut ? s;unfprfcunately 'they :*are .-.-generally wtnneji who ? ,.' fling off the bonds -S raseal bettaty aswell as iliB /, false; ones --f fashion, land who » appear -iaft; cg frightfuiin iiieir ow&*-rigin&lity; -as 4h% annalfl. , ;haye ,been *mder the inost serrile inritatibn ; women jyho, because they will!not»be«lavesitp: -, conformity, ma&eibeiraelvBS; slaves tamglmess, ,,and find no mean between rfcheijtwo opposite: £i:£o}es of extravagance in obedience or Bocen evfcricity;in dissent. These weraithewomen-who, ; rf.iwhen bll the female world wentabbnt Jikeirage , v^ells incased in a swelling wjaffiolding »f steel -^and whalebone, walked defiantly among their - t;iejfructured sis'erB; with«iot«o much assajpenHy^ f worth of starch in rtheir skimpy ?skirtei not an i Jinduwide ft^ to faintly represent iiie foam of -ipuncethenin vogue- and these iare the 'women rjirho, now rtiiat fashion, -has Peered BJljiheTway ground and draped / herself; :£n iclinging skirts %^and lanky lines,- 'still ;Jre6p to- the.-crinoline »f \\*en yeara ago -s^d ^bwmp ?ifekr^hMshi'way o «nong us— nuisances' for -whose disagreeable :un ?^loveliness there is not even thexjuestionafc'iB ex cuse of conformity.; ??-, .--? ?-? .??? ??-?? . ??--: ; ?:... lEiey^re womenwhoJjc^afeBMon'jtist as .it jb dying out, ^o that -itey. aroalwaysimap jTpoaiidpn, totjio more sensible than '4&eir-neign-; -Jbprs ; or they arelwomeif rwithout the ^power **o vjnnite sense and -beauty, *nd even: when 'they j.ue ^intrinmca^ly jatjonai— as: in'thesdays when ^ they wifostood1&e;«raze «f cagesand kept SJierr petticoats undistended -^-.^are «o' 'nncompnK ?jmisiiiglyugly in their attire, -so nngraceful^ 'io ?raaoeless «f what we; mean by 'appearances;'' -,&at; bo far &om; helping4heir -sisters d» iietter -things by offering ihem a beautiful modelsorTaj ^ wise one; they throw t hem-: yet farther mt6the: . ^treme of theprevailingi&lly; froiniivEry^readi :of ..becoming like to/anything^o ridicaious.s -- ; If tm^ section «fthe«ti»ng-€ninded who: are! .not afraid of beingjecusantB -would devise | .some costume that should -unite axtisti&^gcace l£and work-a-day (convenience, eometfaing as use- i '.ful and not so ' hideous -as t&e; Bloomsr roostome - say, and mot so defiant of present fashionp, J&ey; '. ' -ardgbt do a good'work in' their. gerieratioii,''^nd; «£Eect the most valuable of all:second-class;re- , forms.; But ibey only stxengQien ihe^iaiiUBcif \ .the enemy while they iare merely oppositionists prho cannot offer anything absolutely better vtiian the fashions they decry. :-ri ?-?;.; I. This,;questiott of woman's dress has always J*een a thorny and troublesome one. ?? Save the Creek and early iRoman costume nothing has .been devised which, thoroughly satisfies a cul jtivated taste. - But the world, which by- the-bye peyer knows its good ^tilings when it has got (ttiem, Acted on- by that mysterious law of changejwbich takes up with evil and the worse -rather than remain^ stagnant in. the beautiful iand the best, slid byidegrees outsof the perfec tion of the classic times; and even1 'before the Boman Empire came toan.endwe£ridngluiess fmd-monstrosity where the. very culmination of beauty: -had. formerly 4-een. ^Wlieh. once set loose front i the boundary of malional costume; fashion^aewed. over intosyeiy abBurdi^riihaV a vitiated -taste and -i^stless desire for novelty oould conceivei ;Keither beauty ?ujr convenience hsd therslightesfcSnnaence 'in the councils^of ^he,'3nantua makersf-' And.iihe 't3re^trcaneh~-KF ffie Middle Ages, Hugeipeakedt'horns, ^ome tiines angle like ??» unistHaL's^ and ^ometimieB double; like a cow's, wiili a long:web of 'linen flowing from them, *ei aa woman'1fl face shout midway in her, body 5 sleeves so long ttat they had-to be knotted' mp;ito keep iieni 'from1 the dirt, vied in folly, wastefnlnsss, audd'OBSlaneBS,' with trainsithat^ffept npall ine filth from the rush-strewn floorsand the Unbeaten roads ; stiff stomachers, witib. -an inner casing %-f iron and' an pnter one of qufltedsilk and heavy gold em broidery, desteoyed everyibing' like suppleness of imovement, grace, or-^flow of sjutline.' ' But these monstrosities wereniitonght.dJie^altimate gerfectipn of beauty intheir day, and^then, '-is' now, extravagance in fihe prevailing mode iwas opunted as a grace, and &b; iwomanvho went'' farthest beyond her fellows inthe-absurdity *f ' her dress was the 'queen of ier circle for the ≠ being, and the glass wherein her sisters saw their ideaL :; -*- . ??.',&?.?.-.? .'?;-.:.? --'-;i' ??.-# ' Ijb- muB in vain that the Church tried to stem iJie 8iHy«,urrent.Mo^nentpreacb.eT8 discoursed * valiantly about the amj^s and devilkins which -? iiiey ^said they saw with ' iiieir bodily eyes, : sitting aloft on the horns, and aiding j in the' trains of ? the fashionable ladies who -attended mass so bravely attired; and which preventied ' the Word of- Life from tfinding entacancb ^o 'their hearts. More than oncethey, Hmgled outcome' qneen of the mode for direct and public cen sure ; but they did not do much good on 4h.e ' whole. A few of the Bofteffnatured believed, trembled, andobeyed^ and »n^oinghomecut oJE1 some half-dozen .yards of superfluous ma-' tejii^'; .but the greater part, thouj^thtey might ' believe and rdoubiiess /trembled, meveraieless did not obey, but wore their horns as iiigh and spread out their trains as far $a 7«ver,'and only heeded- what - She preacher *aid^ when 'fashioa had endorsed Ms strictures and changed her vcnnesand his. s -;:;....--:-i- v '\:: - -.= ?? -'?-.' ??! One consolation, however, which we women may ta3te to heart 4b, that anen were fust as r^iculoUs -as dnrselves, quite as' ^extravagant, and very often much jnore unseemiy. Certainly they have reformed before we have, and ''we have now all the folly to Iourselv4&s;^bui in those early days when theywere fain: to chain up the points of their shoes to their garters, it ; wasj-ut ?& race, neck-and-neck, -' and more than ? once -the men beat us by a head. - /The worst of it all was, that every now and then some beautiful and graceful and simple fashion was fljmck xiut J:hat^one would have liked to sefe perpetuated ; 'but that died away in a few years, to be replaced by_,something as monstrous as this1haa%een befitting. _ There was the justaucorps, which we see in the pictures ot .{I think) JBleanor.of 'Rovence ; that sleeveless, well-adjusted but not strained kind of Burcoat which we have been lately Borne what imitating. This is an article of dress that affords all manner of pretty opportunities ;: but it went out; and we had in its etead; after a long succession of experiments in ugliness-— each more advanced than the last— the steel corset of ; Catherine de Medicis and our own Elizabeth, - the padded hips and rigid waist accompanying, ? and iherwhole art of the Mesdames Blisesof the. period thrown into : mglring a' woman look : as much like a wooden wasp as it was possible forJbone and buckram to achieve. We have not gab past that folly even yet.' Only the other day^a book was published which gravely — by no; means jokingly, or satirically-Hfirst of all asserted that the creation of a small waist by means of tight lacing, or its semblance by the artful «id of hoops and frills, Ac, has been the end and aim of all fashion ; and -then went on to advocate this creation as the righteous end and aim of fashion^ and a|.$he.one .thing which women, and specially 'Unmarried women, should set their energies to attain, no. matter through wb3^;sufifering, and which ithe author assures us tob^inarojrase'l^rliral^o the health, while it is mideniably-bea^tifulp^he eye. - ?'?? That the ribs%rec'*iT*»GectingoTtaSe wrthin which are packed away certain terfler and im portant organs— thatit is vitally necessary those organs should have full space for the exercise of th^fnnctioiw,thattiiey«houldnotbepresBed bn;'nor hampered, fiiar Tin any way impeded— seem physio^gical facts utterly unknown to the person Tdio wrote that remarkable book i while as for such a humdrum prosaic law as proppr lion, what has that to do with the integral Ibeauty .of a waist thirteen inches round?— to ;.wMghJ(roi«e- Aan foolish dimensionB some young ladies, by dint of present personal tor ture and future certain disease, have at. last contracted their bony case of ribs. 4- large, flat, spreading waist is as ugly as anything else which is large and flat and Epreading, when it ought to be small, compact, and trim ; but a wasp-like waist, with huge shoulders above and full hips below, is even more ugly. , The one at least represents freedom, and such esse and health as come from freedom; the other u eloquent, of pain, .of contraction, and of disease. ,-. *? ,... '..' .' ,. ' ' '.-.' l ... . ; =; . But the writer; was true in his prenuseB if false! in.iis conclusions— the meaning of far ihingales . and ,_ crinolines and, hpopB and .modernised paniers, and all the other .queer 'sta^adtures xo. steel, pnekram, or lighter ; puff, in which we women jhave at various times in vested our personsi is to create, fcy the shadow .and contrast afforded by' excessive expansion, the semblance of a «mall waist when we .have jno^iflie xeaUty- rOne can understand physip logically .and ;sentamentally the beauly of fa; round, small waist rin a young unmarried giri, w^nnot.carried to extremes, and when kept in just proportion to the rest of the figure ;but^ what one cannot Understand is, why women of riper yeais'^d matronly condition should ^ak« - se much trouble to make themselves unsatisfac tory travesties of maidenhood, and why; they jcaiihbt ntilise the special beauties of their own; condition, and be. content with the richer and fuller graces telonging to them. Girls do no't set 'the fashions, ^hey may and 4o. exaggerate them, because. there is. very little else to .dis tinguish one girl from another in the crowd, and because they are silly /but it is the woman who is jitst beginning to be on $h.e wane, -to femme,,pt^sque:pa:ssSe, who wants to look still youthful and girlish, from, whom proceed nine tentiis of the devices to conceal the figure and delude the eye. The large ^manufacturers and ^wholesale* nuDinery ^establishments of jcouxse decide beforehand what are to be the patterns of the se^on ; but in the smaller details it is iite married wpmaai—wiio, moreover,. beam the purse and possesses the social influence— who sets her wits tb: approximate- herself- to the youig girl; and ibis is best done by such fashions as most ^conceal distinctions and level inequalities of graces; as in this. very matter of the smalL waist, which is to be created in ap pearance, when it does' not exist in reality. It is for flie.itidvant^ge of a nicely-made' girl to appear in simple -costume. Her trim propor tions, and the pretty run of her figure, want only leave to appear as nature pas given them to her; but when she and the rotund, matron dress in lh.e' same masquerading expanse of crinoline and furbelow, the girl loses all dis iarictive charm, and the anatron alone gains by ?fheJsiniilitnde. ..' ,,.' ;.:.-i ;. - ;'??;'.--;;? ? ?.. ; (i At 'present we . have made .ourselves, only jndiculpns, . we' are not ; inconvenient :to --ur n^T^rs, by thepafficular furbelowof the day. If we :thin^ the 'firecian bend V a graceful ^nd at ; thing, and that yards of material puffed putat Jthelmck make nsr more lovely in the eyes bf^nen, by all means let us go on with the '*' bend4 and the puff till we «et tired of them. Tt does . hot Iniuch. signify to what we shall change; it is so sure to be something jboth intrinsically ugly, and absurd. .? -!A11 we can hope tor is, !hat,bur Tyrant may not be pleased to put on us an attire which shall be inconvenient to others as well as to. ourselves, and that by degrees a little common sens6 may be allowed to filter into her councils, 'so that, she may be induced to .consider ifhat js beauty in the ab stractjratherthan' what milliners and dress makers call , ' fit for any' lady, to wear.' Our greatest folly at the: present: moment, however, is - not; the puff we call, I -believe, paniers, ibut the long trains .which we delight in dragging after, us for a yard or bo, and which mike taking down to dimier, ? or walking across a room, a trial of nerves, temper, and agility to all concerned. , 'It -looks «o graceful J' we ? say complacently, wjbea. remonstrated with. So we saorifice^jonvenijence,; cleanliness, and the good temper of the men to maintain a childish, and morse than childish^ fashion; because 'it looks so graceful'vto trail behind us silken trains mat half so beautiful as a peacock's tail, nor so dig nified. . It peems to me we might do something; better than fall below a two-legged fowl in our imifatfiye «trt of personal decoration. :. : ? -: Next of -unportadce to the creation of a smalt waist, fashion Has always held the disposition of 'the hair and the dressing of the head. And here Again we come -to 43ioBe queer ekaggerations, in which -we women *o nnaccountibly take pleasure.^ : Only a few generations' ago, and our heads -were literally r built up like so much i mason-work; :- Buckram, pomatum, powder, flowers, laces, and Jewels, aU were employed in the disfiguring of our hair— one of the. most 'beautiful 'things, which nature has given to ! woman; -.and the' result was an -amount of ihideousness that «eems to us now absolutely in jcomprehensible, «nd a state of dirt and horrible nastinsss even. more incomprehensible. ladies. ;4hen went fromlibnabn to York, a three days' journey, with, their hair dressed by fe town hairdresser, all jeady for the county balL They slept fey the way, propped up by pillows; with their heads isupported on the backs' of ? chairs, : fchatthe hideous structure should not be dis arranged. This was their pride, and the ' sacri ice they made to fashion- and 'appearance ; for ivhich they had their xe ward in the wonder of fehe beaux and'the envy ef the belles of the provinces, who .rcouldj not; sufficiently admire rhat thie* oneSiever sawf surpassed, and the other could not hope to. compass. Once, a month their heads were opened, cleansed, and renewed; for which we have the authority of the Spec otor ;amd it does not require a very vivid magihatioh to enable.us to picture what they were like when they were opened. I am old mough to remember the huge bows trained iver wired foundations, ' that my elder sisters wore on ^the tops of their heads some forty rears ago; and great was the labor and detes a≤ Sms ^he result thereof. Then we had hose cascades of corkscrew ringlets which cost, lomuch. paifls to make, and which. t3ie damp brought out into ignominious lengths, called, by the irreverent, tallow-candles. After, these we had a very pretty and simple fashion of braid, that did not last long ; and then we came to the/reign of the chignon— and now to its off ?hoot, the big bird's-nest on the very crown of the head, with the. fringe of short hair about ' the face, curled or straight. But whatever type we adopt— whether that of the secretary bird or of any other aniiinai which has all its feathers or fur falling backwards, or that of the crested cockatoo, the bison, or the other beasts who have bristling frontlets — we carry our imitation to extremes, and caricature the lower creature whose leading lines we reproduce. We cannot be content unless we caricature. No sooner do weget hold of a tolerably pretty fashion than weset to work to torture it (and ourselves) into the ex izeme of ugliness and folly— as now with our hair; for, though not so dirty, our heads are ?almost as absurdly dressed as they were in Queen' Anne's time, and certainly the things we wear on them are more absurd. What can we say of a. taste which coils a length of fur round and round .as a' cap, and then finishes oS with a stuffed head — fox or what not; — with glass eyes, made as like to nature as is possible? our girls dye their hair to the right shade of tawny brown, ffaen'p'ereh on the top a thing they call a hat, which is the beast's head and presumably) ite body, with, the sharp .muzzle and staring eyes right in front, as if about to leap off on to the first passer-by. And this is the taste of 'the ..nineteenth. century in the matter of one form of head-gear. Only within the last seven years how have the fashions changed ! Seven years ago we had the spoon-bonnet, which disconcerted all our previous -instinctive measurements, and led to endless discomfort in the way of knocking our spoons against* the roofs of carriages and the like ; now we have vanishing trifles of lace just bound round the fore-part of the head, without real fastenings, properly so called, and leaving the whole .face, nape, eats,- and throat unprp Jtected.v,- It-has jtakem just «even^eais:-io!-pass from spoons to the modem cap-bonnet — from enormous crinolines, yard sn^e, to .Jthe present lank skirts, and Japanesy.or ghost-like' fnxeaths of trains eddying found j^ie feet. Of ve.-have long ?rench-form.ed; iraias! much bedecked, which 'spread out as 'jfyi \kyrsSk like a peacock's tail, as I said, and are mominconyenient. The prettiest fashion, and the Visest, that we have inaugurated for a long while is the short walk ing costume, ^hich It ii to he hoped will be come the fasMpn for rooms as well as for streets. But there re.ve^y little chance pf that— it is too rational, top pretty, /and too simple. .-..-.' , ^Another hurtful land fidiculous fashion is in the high-heeled noojb's, ^ wfiSch have again worked round frombur great grandmothera. A slight' heel is an advantage in walking, but these high-' heels, with the excessively BtnaE surface and the sharply bevelled sides, make walking a service^ .'of pain and 'difficulty. B.esides, tiiey destroy the shape of the leg, 'which is something to be considered. They throw the; weight .for ward ind the Strain On .the »hin ; and conse quently, they dirninish the hack muscle, the calf of the leg, and bring out the bone and muscle of the forepart into. an ugly bow., The shape' of our shoes and boots is in itself an outrage against common sense.; but we women are not alone in this absurdity, nor are' we to blame ; so that, as these papers deal with our own follies specially, we may be let off any per-, sbhal and peculiar reproof therefore.' ? ? ! .- But what can -,we, ^iay of tiaa fasluon 'which- dyes the hair,: paints 'the cheeks, blackens the eyelids with antimony to make die orbit look .larger and .the. lashes 'longer, or - that vexpands - Ihepupik with belladonna, no matter at -mba,*, -^st pf complexlfln pi fatjne eyesight? What, 1»p, caa wesfcy.of the fashion which uncovers the arms jand neck In^he evening after haying ?? clothed them through the day in flannel, or velvet, or. in warm, padded stuffs? Women; threatened with bronchitis or rheumatism sit all daylong in a warm room -muffled up to the throat jn thick material ; at night they uncover belbw their shoulders, and go out in the cold winter air with just an opera cloak thrown over their shivering skinB. But this is fashion, and none of us' dare disobey it ; none of us dare go out in the evening with dresses made after the pattern of our morning ones, or wear in the -morning. low boddices and short sleeves to at least equalise the! risk; -*nd inure us to the evening, attire withoufc damage. There is no intrinsic reason why we should not all be sit ting in low bqdices and short sleeves at this very.mbment, though we will make it 10 o'clock; but if we were, we should be, thought mad or bad, or both, and not even our stanchest friends would stand lgy.Ius. But ^wholly on© tMag Or the other wpuM Tbea wiser system ihian the pre sent, .and; would fee productive, of: fewer ca tarrhs, bronchial ?aHectaons, -and consumptaons. Ah ! it is a fad thought which springs up from thelaat word t.. If; we could only see as those TempVed from our own sphere would seethe criminal /, folly ;io,f ^sacrificing beautiful and ^valmble. .lives ^jp-ihe .fashion which 'imposes . naked, necks ' as .a rale for .evening costume ! Many a' sweet yoiujg creature who would have lived into happy old: age.ius a beloved wife and honored niotfeer, ias . gone to, an untimely: . grave Tj^cause of that ball or that party at which ; she caught cpld.frpm exposure.; .But ^fashion so -willed it ; arid neither ^jnqther nor daughter had strength to resist l^r impalpable but absolute decrees.. : W/e. ill/obey :.' her ; young ' and -old ^iaUke:th6se,/who should, keep their: beauties, -sacred, and' those' wnp' have none to shbw-r-the' delicate who haveip be kept alive by art and care-^the lean who are top uglyrfor any one to find pleasure in the contemplation of -their angles— the wrinkled, and: :tbje grpBa ; -we all parade ourselves in .evening society without jGdore disguise than a bit of gauze or lace can give, anS only very few of us use that, which, even when well onjnto^the fifties, we consider quite superfluous for anything to be gained by concealment. :- 'As to -the «rtent to which ; we cut. down. our beddices, that is a -matter too patent and too painful to be discussed. It is a race among us who shall wear' the -dress the lowest, and show the largest expanse of shoul der. And yet we mean no harm- : we mean only to be fashionable. i . -?:' That is the worst of it. The nicest women among us— pure, high-minded women, who : would rather die than be guilty of -impropriety if it appeared like an impropriety to them, and whose very innocence mikes them unsuspicious of evil^get aocusiorned, as every one must, more or less, to an /objectionable fashion; and follow it in pure simplicity of nature as a thing without meaning or effect. : Also, the nicest women among us are just those who. always follow— who have not ..sufficient boldness of mind or mannerto make a public protest against anything ' endorsed by - the . majority— women who are not touched by the «vil of a baleful custom, and by whose own purity is eliminated the. poison of a .mischievous fashion. They follow, and their moraT support bolsters up the. bad habit,, and gives. countenance to the bad. followers thereof. But what can we say when originality is still censured as unwomanly,- and a public .protest, be it even, against evil, is set , down as ' strong-minded ' and unfeminine ?? . . I have taken up so. much space in denouncing , the folly. of fashions .in, dress only, that I; have. ' left no room for more jthan a few words , on the foolish customs we preserve— the dropping of cards here, the making feints of visits there, the substifration-of forms and ceremonies every where for real hearty friendly intercourse. So far at least we are honest, that we do not pre tend to make our intercourse friendly. It is a jshain throughout, and we are not ashamed to confess to the make-believes we. cherish. We all know all abont the morning calls we pay so religiously; we aU know how delighted we are iwhen the answer is, .** Not at home.' We may express our sorrow to each, other when we next: meet, add a few of the simple-minded among us may believe in the regret so ^glibly,. pro; nouueed ; 'TBut 'we' 'are 'like the old Bbman augurs in this, and if we do not laugh in each other's faces it is not from w4nt of Knowing What pretty little hypocruiy^we are playing, hut simply from the conventional good breeding which makes laughing in a persons face vulgar and ill-bred. ? Our dinners, bur evening parties, pur moralities, our wholemanner of being, come into the category of fashions, more or less foolish according to the: individual, but always fashion— always things regulated by an arbi trary law that is not .intrinsic or fundamentaL It is worth considering, though, how: much we should lose as well as gain -fey the open ~ renun ciation of authority (which fashion in its silly ; way represents as the golden side of its tar nished medal) ; and how we should fare, all things considered, if we women became inde pendent and above the general law. ?-- If we were all wise we should do well ; but are we not too silly yet to be left free to follow each her own' desires ? The very foolishness of our fashions, I am afraid, proves, this; and- the almost as ; striking foolishness of our dissent shows how little we can combine revolt with prudence, and [low our oDDositioh to black is not necessarilv white. But a better day will come in' the future ; meanwhile, those of us who think that the tyranny of fashion is a thing to denounce, must do so with the wisdom of serpents ' and with the meekness of doves, and. make our re bellion respectable by its rationality, its beauty, - and its usefulness. — The Broadway. A Pen altt OP Ceuebbitv.. — The painter . Danbauser obtained permission from Beethoven to take a cast of his face, but did not represent that the operation would be inconvenient or painfuL The composer was first bidden to re move his neckcloth and coat, and then take a seat. ' You will not decapitate me?' said he, astonished. He was assured, there was no such intention. After this, when his eyebrows were covered with paper, and the hairy part of his face 'with an oily liquid, the whole smothered over with plaster of Paris, and he was told to take a quill in his .mouth and shut his eyes firmly, he was still more dismayed. But when he felt the heat of the drying plaster, dismay turned to rage, and jumping up, with hair on end, he exclaimed, 'Sir, you are a garotter, a bandit, a monster V' ' For Heaven's sake, my most' honored Kapellmeister,' stammered the artist ; but Beethoven went on — ' A logue, a cannibal.' 'But permit me to- ? ' 'Away !' roared Beethoven, and, snatching up his hat and coat,- but forgetting to put them on, he rushed t-ut, covered with plaster, oursing and sputter' ing and would never speak to Panhauser again. 