Alexandra Times PUBLISED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. "Veritas Vincit Omnia." FRIDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1869. THE articles which have lately appeared in the Argus and other Melbourne papers on the subject of Spiritism, have created consi derable interest in the minds of the think ing portion of our community. That 13,000,000 of our fellow-creatures in Ame rica should have embraced the new religion is a startling fact, and without committing our selves to an opinion on the extraordinary developments of doctrines, which, true or false, strike at the root of the faith of cen turies, demands a careful and serious investi agation on the part of those who have the means within their power of proving or disproving the peculiar phenomena of Spi ritists. The following is the creed of Spiritualism, which in its higher manifestations aims at a complete revolution of the religions of the earth. The system by which it pro poses to displace them may be briefly de scribed as resting on the following bases :- 1\. That the central power of this and all universes is a perfect God of infinite love, wisdom, justice, and harmony, acting through out creation by immutable law, and whose complete glory is but dimly perceptible to human souls after centuries upon centuries of progress in spiritual spheres. 2\. That there is no devil, hell, or, in the cause ordinarily attached to it, death. 3\. That the source of evil is ignorance. and that mankind has to be redeemed by wisdom. 4\. That everlasting progress is the law of all the universes, and that death is a process of change, which enables each individual to progress in the spiritual body after wear ing out the material body. That goodness produced by fear is merely a description of slavery, and that true virtue can only spring out of love. The religion thus presented to us by Spi- ritists has one very consoling and recom mendatory principle-that of having no hell. Robert Burns has told us that, "The fear o' hell's a hangman's whip to haud the wretch in order ; When ere yo feel your honor grip, let that aye be your border." That the wicked do not entirely escape a suffering, however, is evident from the fol lowing description, which comes from Spirit Land :- "I have suffered the tortures of the damned," said one to me, whose powers of mind made it possible for his teachers to. hasten his development by means of im posed suffering. " In imagminion I have traversed arid desart gloom ?, and dismal swamps; I have climbed rugged mountains for a gleam of sunlight which might, perchance, greet me from the sum mit, and help to thaw the ice that was free zing my spirit. I have encountered deadly miasma while traversing dismal swamps, which would rise up like demons before me, and encompass me like the deadly vapours of the Upas, threatening to destroy me at once. If death could have come to my release at such moments-yes, everlasting death, I should have rejoiced. Such experiences are like dreams or visions, and I dread their oc currence as I would dread the knout. I am sometimes in doubt as to what purpose is to be served by these experiences, but there are seasons when I am sure they are work ing for my good." This man had been 'steeped in iniquity" from the period of early manhood till death in middle age. His parents were not of a class that bequeathed noble natures to their children, although They stood well in society. This man had sufficient intellect to have placed him high in the third circle, at his entrance into spirit life, had it not been that this intellect was beclouded with depravity--an inherited de pravity, and which could only be eradicated by suffering, either intensely for a shorter season, or more moderately for a longer one. The ghost of his former crimes haunted him as memory recalled them, and as they were painted upon his imagination in vivid colors by the ever present power, which was by turns his tormentor and comforter." This new religion comes in a very plea sant form, and if one iota of all it professes can be realized, then we can see the long promised millennium close at hand, and all the differences of creed which have distracted the Christian faith for centuries hurled up, and a complete fulfilment for the good time coming, boys." The above are, perhaps, somewhat crude remarks on a question which has already called for a solution, and which must be fore long be solved, in one way or the other. Intelligent people must affirm the existence of occult spiritual agencies or prove the fallacy of their existence. When once a novel idea takes possession of any consider able portion of reasoning and reasonable human beings, its fallacy or its truth demands a finite determination. We have simply thrown, out the foregoing considerations with the view of inviting that conclusion which leads to a final issue, desiring rather to be the exponent of public opinion, after its due and careful formation, than to assume to dictate to the thinking portion of the pub lic the opinion it is to form on any moot. point. 