A Batch of Sew Proverbs.—The viper will stand upon the tip of his tail to make himself agreeable in good company.—The crane stands upon one leg, in heavenly meditation; but j ail tbe while is looking sharply after his fish.— When the eyes and the lips lie, look to the hauds ! and the feet.—The prudent man (literally the man | who has eyes in the back of Ins head) cares more whom he is with than even what he does.—Four | fishes smelt at the bait and turned their tail to it; J one fish came by aud swallowed it. (The ad van- I tage of a council.)—Before the journey is over the I dog has run twice the distance. (Applied to a man who does not go directly to the point; but wanders ! hither and thither like a dog.)—Make the foursalu- j tations to a friend every day. (This alludes to the four bows that were made to foreign ambassadors by all who met them: and the proverb means this: ! Keep up always the highest forms of courtesy with i your friends.)—Jealousy kisses its left hand, be- j cause the right hand caught the fish. — The man you hate cannot cany his food to his mouth but you hate him more for his way of doing so.—The ghosts of snails git into their shells (money) by night, and go, forcompany, | where there are most shells (£ e., money makes ! money).—Enkee! Eukee? Enkee! hut. wife, the ! salt fish will do. ("'Eukee"' is a solemu word 1 addressed to the gods; and the proverb alludes to { the hypocrite, who addresses the gods fervently, but sacrifices to them only salt fish.)—The tears of I a chief cause sore eyes to all other chiefs.—The I water sends you hack (reflects you). 60 do all men j and women.—Better be quite blind than see one | side only of everything.—If you will do tbe thing i that has not been done before, first hide all the - stones that are in the streets of the city.—To a tiger his claws; to the serpent her venom; to the eagle his talons; to the rat his teeth;_ and to men aud women calumny. The good God gives weapons to ali.—The fciheviri cursed the rain; but the patient rain went on raining, and the earth became green.—Say it often; men, as well as parrots, will say it too. If you slay your adver sary, are you sure you have done him auy harm?-The ants march in one line, aud overrun kingdoms. (An aigument for unity aud order.)—The echo says nothing of itself; so, the people.—The clever liz ltd leaves its tail in your hand. (This was a favourite saying of the King when he was urging compromises on his Councillors.)—A lie lasts for a day, but it may be the day.—When you want to sell the blunt hatchet be the first to say that it is blunt.—How wise the clever men would be if they could understand the foolish!—All make the four bows to yesterday. (Meaning, I suppose, that all must submit to what we call now " the logic of facts/') -One wise man knew the secret way into file city: but ali said, '"Why should we follow one man?"—The King had a friend before he was King.—Only the quite deaf hear praises always cf themselves.—If the spider barked like a dog, would lie catch flies?— He who looks down gathers shells (i.e. money); he who looks up sighs for stais, hut they do not come to him.—The tiger that you look at will not give you tbe death-stroke.—A wise man said a word too much: that word was the word of a fool.—While the lightning lasted two bad men were friends.— " RealmaiC i,i Macmillati's Magazine. A Gem - Collector's Story. — Only yesterday a very ill-looking fellow, a foreigner, all I hair and false jewellery—and a very foolish thing it was of him to come to me with paste diamonds in his shirt-front -brought a letter of introduction with him from a friend of mine at Dresden. The letter was genuine; but I had my doubts from the j first as to whether this was the gentleman to whom it referred. However, I brought him in here, and sho ved him the gems. He made some common- j p'aee observations, which convinced ine he knew nothing of the subject, and after thanking me, in ' a somewhat servile manner, for my courtesy, took ; up his hat to go. I slipped between liiin and the door, and locked it in a second. *' My ruby," said I, "if you please, or you're a dead man," and I put the pistol to his forehead. That little stone, which I have said is valued at above a thousand pounds, was missing. In stead of being indignant, my gentleman merely answered, " Indeed, you are mistaken. Sir. You may eali your servant and examine every pocket." "I know that, you scoundrel," returned I. " You have swallowed that ruby; now, drink this or die." I held the weapon in one hand, and a mixture, which was an emetic, in tbe other. The situation was very disagreeable for him, I have no doubt, but did not seem to be at all embarrassing. He shrank from the pistol or at least the police station, which was its alternative, and took the physic like a lamb, while I 6tood over him with the weapon and the bowl (that little white basin yonder), exactly as Queen Eleanor stood over Fair Rosamond. That's why I call it Eleanor's Mix ture—a decoction without which no gem cabinet of any value can be pronounced complete. When 1 miss a specimen, I always know at once that some visitor has swallowed it. and then, you know. he has to swallow this. Across the Walnuts and | the Wine,*' in Chambers's Journal. 