bA'CHARGE 'DELTVEREDTO THE CLERGY OF TIIE DIOCESE OF OOULDUtRN, A aT se PIasav Vlsrnxipw, 30rn Ssrr., 1B68; ! Y ESALO TuoMAs, D.D., manor O OULovtVar. M3 r E EVERED AlD. DEAn' BEcitRaEn,-IQI ''entering upon 'the duty before me, myfirst desire is, heartily; to, pray that God may bestow upon us an ever.-increasng measure of Divine grace, to' deepen the 'onvictioh of our responsibility as ministers of Christ; and to guide and bless'us in our work, that we " may become more faithful and' emcient as pastors of Ilis flock, and more successful in. winning souls,' andi building up His church . . - In such an address as the present, nothing which concerns the state: and prospects of the church, or the duties of her ministers; can be ' arded as out of place. " It is true that, ordinary visitations, the latter'sub. . ject( ls not.generally enlarged upon; :yet I ,,might. claim the, indulgence, which' fairly ,' belongs to* a first occasion of this kind, to dwell upon some elementary points, which at another time might be less requiredi? ; ,The territory of, our present Diocese was under. Episcopal, supervision 'for I the. long , ]period of seven.and-twenty years, before the ..oundation of the see of Goulbun.', My proe decessors, Bishop Broughton and the Bishop o?f Sydney, names honored, in the Churchl of "God, had, as you are; aware, provided cler gymen , and, encouraged, the, building of churches and parsonages in several districts. .: The' duty' with which, I- was, charged was, 'therefore, not to cultivate ground, entirely "' new; but to extend the labors of others;, and t?o carry into effect the 'depigns which had "' been already formed;' 'The. published jour ;'snals of visitation by the first Bishop contain valuable information respecting' the o brigin o-f some of bur parishes; 'and thBey ehibit 'evidenbes'of great energy and perseverance in his arduous workk.' The Inconveniences of .: travel, ir the"time of my predecessors; were 'no doubt even'greater than 'any which'oxlst -'In the present day. : All honor, therefore, be I:',.tol the :faithful ,men 'who'iin the 'midst of " diffculties; traversed the interior In the ser' • ; vice of their Divine Master, and planted the r:, standard of ' the' cross in many'a' locality hnwhich has since grown lnt9 importance.' It .t, is,:refreshing to observe how Imuch such .: labors were appreciated 'in the Interior,'and with what affection the first Bishops are still ith regarded, in'.many 'a' household.:, We owe ,, 'them a deep debt:of gratitude'for thus lay. !a, ing the foundations; and trust that, by the • blessing of .God, our: own, labours may not ,ibe in vaiain the Lord; and that we'may shave the spirit. ', of power,; and of, love;.and of. a sound.mind," to give completeness to ,. that which was well commenced..'-j ;' tha wSynodical visitations, like the present, are J', useful,, in asi muchlias they afford us an . Iopportunity of together. taking; a purvey of j .those things hvhichi relato to the welfare of ,T the diocese, and to the eficiency of. the min. istry which we', ha've;received of the, Lord .',esu.,;At d it is my intention to ask you to nt'isilere with me, on. the bone liand our. pst tidifldulities and "encouragements'; and, on ,'"the 'other,'our' present duties ;and. future " ;: I.-OunPAsr DiF OrriULc Es.i '. .:° l;.'LAnd firestI would mention the accumu. S(lation'of p r6quirements 'at the' v ery' com r:,minicemerit of itny episcopates ''' '.' "+ ,l.d INotwithstandingo'the advantages'of'epis. 'o copalr oversight for, so 'many years, the dio.' ,'"s ese presented, ditlftilties 'of great'magni o,, tode,,whenI landed ,in Sydney on' the 14th r.ilof' March, 1864. 'I looked round ripon the ,,diocese,and found everywhere a multiplicity ,, of,:requirements idemanding ti simultaneous v. attention, beyond :all.:thet means ( and- re o,,sources at our command.. o-- : iJ' '. s ..There? were, districts,: comprising ': two .?thirdsof, the? diocese, without, any of. the i ordinaryparochial appliances. ir;Westward S,,of. Gunning, for,;nearly;six hundred" miles, ..i;,d along, a, great ,part; of, the:sea.coast to ;ilTwofoldlBay, there were no licensed clergy. eqmen exceptat, Albury and Wagga Wagga. _,OChirches, parspnages,,and schools, clergy. , men" and..'teaohers, were, all ,needed,at the J1same. time In',ai large number of places. And tlis, pzious question,whlh iwas ever, present t tohlo tioughts' ws;",how are the'men, add t h'e?n"ieans to' bo'sobtained:for this, great ':'ok? a'iiid what' cooperation,'can '. I expect frbn 'othe' laity' in' the" intericr' ! I, wa bnAllie d to fr ? i that;the case r?ouldi I"dieed, boiopeless 'unless;the Loid, himself lo ere on our sde,'and 'stirred'up the hearts 1'of 'man' to help use.' 'In faith andprayer, 14th' eforI'66Immitted` myielf' icd'my dio. toe Bto Iim ,who'' ordereth 'all 'things, "''beee hang HImin'.tthfuht labburers'of Hiss ,I owtn''oioe into this harvest,'aid to; turn the Shear 'of men towards us' in sympathy vith' ci'6ti dlfliclties," and In oo.operatio with our, efforts. . .', r u Andtheni.withiouit iAy aociurate'know. Iddgd'of the ability or willingneese of.the peo ple to support the ministers of their Church,' ;,,, aiiddait great personal risk,o I'etiied?ito invite a large number" of ""'ol'rgnie'"to occupy vacant places in .the diooese:: I did .this in hope,- and 1 in "rellance ' upon" the C'Christina princilple .aid"gbod feeloingof the ."inhabitants, not 'withocit a luirklig oi?pieof Ssupplementary aid'fri'oi the state, and of ??s"upport fro'ni· hrlsttan friendi and,,sooieties ""in' England,." 'With'regard' to" the' results "'of(thls. 'do'rtakiog,' .I': ui"Athsinkful ' to , acknowrledge thiit "some' distrio?, hiive kept Sfaith ?.lth ue, andehave fulfiled their ', pro? l"mies y. ?bnuitailSng :thel"clergymen.?. Some marvse failed, however, not' so much; I Lou'd ,, fain hope,.from .want'of good will or ability, l" g as f sbn ro.mlack o of r lorga e a t to keepthe ! :par'obblal; uiachi'neuryp. ;iu';motion.' r *While othneradlstrbte havelstiffered ersoris 6f local , tionretar iepire?sflonand have lodst,?fnsombe 'ltetcoltmerbilit ofippoirtin og tlie milstry l of a clergyman In their midst witho t larger ,,e.tranposno subsidset'wthau 1w?re twitrhiir our ' power to lommunlcate.' h * " com ende t' " t2.. Wel hrav ersitired' iunch' frsuiirrtorde; 1dprested'coudities bfw the 'colony gentrall itsi comparison with former years, -" aa":isar ia'de trlin' theoa"ilst ieffyears the diocershat large has been, morojor lessin a state of consitderable dlstressfrom various causesn .3y, dierectllrtao fromtis > God, and 4,by the t.alteied commerelal prosperity of theoountri? large numbers who seven years ego~wero in a position to assist with' ease all church ob: jects which might have been commended to their liberality, are now surrounded', with >.dlfcultliesiwhich ,they did not antclpiitei They 'are,' therefore, -unable "to contlinue tho..former. scale of liberality, and support adequately the aivious efforts for the church in theiowi districts, much less for general ,"dlo'osapbobjects.'; We have 'suffered very ..severely from this cause;'and my brethren, th clergy, are all more or less aware, practli cally, of th'e aocniady'of this stateiment, aind of the consequent'difficulties which we have shared 'alike. 3.' The lack of adequate external aid has also'been a 'fruitful source' of discouiage. ment. The' withdrawval of state aid, instead of the re-distribution of it in the interior, was a great difficulty. I venture to express my opinion very strongly and distinctly, that the removal of state aid at a time when legisla tion upon the'question of crown lands was scattering the population sparsely over the interior, and settling them in small' groups, far removed from churches and religious in struction, was a heathen;'policy, and one likely to act most injuriously upon the re. ligious future of the colony In' many In. stances it would i be impossible,'i:without direct grants from the state, to provide' the ordinances of religionfor:the settlers and their children.i'\We have made great sacri fioes in the effort to do something to remedy the evils created by this state:policy;. but it. was an unequal, contest, and we :have failedto. accomplish, what'we, desired, 'It would, in my opinion, be; wise to urge upon parliament the, alternative, either to modify the,land laws, by defining. areas for, seleo tion; or;by providing for the 'religious linm provement of the selectors, by a renewal of state aid for a few years, with special appli cation to the interior of the 'colony.; , SAIgan, Oolonial Missionary, Societies tin England have not been 'able' to, provide assistance in such measure as, to supply this lack of service on 'the' part of the; state: (A very incorrect inmpression had been produced in the committees of some of these societies, that'the;diocese'of Goulburn; was .placed in more" favorable circumstances than the 'dio cese'of Sydney or 1felbourne, 'and that 'con sequently we 'might be safely lefthtb' the tender' mercies of, the' voluntary prhincple. Such was the effect' of this impression'that the Propagation Society withheld' allaid for two :years, and even :now only votes: to'the new diocese the inadequate, sum of £390, divisible among sirx clergymen, to' assist us in planting the Church'of'England iin a'"nw territory. '"While we are m'ost gratefull for this measure of sympathy,'we must impbr* tune the committee in' London: to enlarge their grant as soon as it'may be practicoble. 4.' Our fourth difficulty was the"general absence of religious life.' ":??. :' : LrIf the majority of those who'aro concerned in the religious condition of the' country had exhibited-reasonable zeal in promoting. the spiritual welfare of theirrparishes, the ser vices .of clergymen mighti have been matin tained, ?,and :.the' churches '! kept':,opbn. WVhereas now it is .manifest that in.many a district; owing, to themnbeence of, religious life, few take a sufficient Interest' in the worlk to organise a machinery for; the different ie-' quirements of the;church, and, specially for the stipend of the minister; ,consequently, there is an amount,of spiritual destitution which is lamentable, and which, with. pro -ent resources, we are unable to alleviate., ,? ?.,Wo have shared. with 'other colontal dioceses the disappointment whtchhes bebu created, by the, removal of ;several of, the clergy ;-some from ill-health, and some from the inability of. their districts to continue the payment of., their stipends. ,This has en taled. upon us, considerable .perplexity and pecuniary loss.,; The, removal, of, the' Rev. P.. Lamb,6one of my,valued chaplains and in' effloient 'secretary of the synod and of the" standing 'o'mrnlttle~ I have cause very deeply to regret.....,' ." ,' Our sixth diffultywa the great de ficiency of scripltual church schools. , "' " The real importanceofeligioius educatlio induced me to: put forth consideiable' her; tion' for;the'ostablishmeiit 'of' Church of Englan'd schools, as'soon'as I had 'becouod an opportunity of 'dolng, so,' -'ut' for two. years wei'ecelved from,the late'Deno'inl national' School Board' £2000 a 'year less than'th'o'proiper'aiid just'share'of this 'dio. cese 'from ithe' pail?amentafry'graitt 'This was secured by the othe diooeses?'and our claim, grounded though it aias'?upon 'thei principles ofn c6nmn't:irit'egrity,; was delibe - ately refused. :dWibn. at i'length' we4we}q permitted to receive,~our own, and oair"dde share" ofithe ;educatlonai"grant :was Capprb6. priated:to us,' the Publio Schol0s Bill' waD aseed;icnd,:.this'wiithin six 'months!of'rui opportunity":being I'sdebred,; 'anddi before 'schools cohld be :really'established upon 'a firm basis-this'other barrier'of' i'still more formidable' kind was'raised'against us.:- ', I ,Thesee circumetanors,'acted 'most 'oppres sively'. upon our early energies.: And, it' Is right' that you 'hould 'be informed' of. the true reason which prevented the '"establish-. mentof Church of Epngland schools in many parts of the diocese. i' ,u'r ,t"'n' "' Iiwi4 i:: 74 The i?comopletenoss of the endowmenti of the see' at:the4time of my'airival' was another serious impediment to the 'progress oft our diocesan anid parobbial arratigedents.' For it became neoessary, to lndke an effort'to aiugment(this fund at the tlme when I was :required o6 digadilse the parishes; and when .I needed 'alb the' available '"resources'-for" stipends' and 'for,,bdidiidiS pui'posos.'l 'To wh?tiextent this':affotedouir diodia?n?' pro' gress'I' am not' able to deflet;:Ii'inerely mentioif.the circuirstatieefor the purpose of bringIritinto':viow the'o accumulation f'of :work and of.'dilcultles' which oriwded upon a :young didcese ids 'soon'as Ilthoe bishop I'Thus: I' hie'dwelt at some 'letigth upon our positioniand'trials, that we may hadve a fuller anddeepertsenios of.the'grace aind g-oddess of 6ur>.Heivenly Father in1 sup porting us under difflicultlesi and surround Ing us?with'lso many cirus s'of thankfulnessI ; r With datisfait~ti6nd; therefore; I' tiurn t bon .i.,e-o,?u. EoURaEst1Etasc c Tn i AST. l, ?;,.?largeoloncrease inthe number of ap lian'ces for completjng theparochial organil ation' oqf[tiho dlocse'onstitutes our irst class of encouragements; arid these arrange t'hemselb~sli'nder five diviiaons,,In the frst place,'I.wdl4 ,thianklC'God for the beams of llght,wtit ihich ho6'hia;gilded ?our path as /chis eohlred "us in our .workjfor.. the 'st- rngthnlng, bof th6 'huircuh,7'and, the rya~gBl~ 'o theo p eople siattoredin the I'ttohal clergymen hb o nroducd into"the'diooeso; at ana'ggregate prepara; tory? ?pense of '£2000;"Of this amount the Chui'bh 80ocity'fpiolided '£00 0 for"the r0. mialnint £2000' I and'min frlbndsiEnglaibdd 'ecame esponlble' '"Vhen we r'iegard the 'servidos' of ao ,uiiny? rdilnd"sorivants"b o God,' labbrine'e?i'erg9liibh?lly verr'a lai'go tent of county we calindot believo that ct labor hasm boe valnin theb'"Lrd. '?"With my whole heart I bless0ilis Ioly Name for, the vast amount of good which has, I am perisaded, resulte inder llis Divine bless.' ing from.thl;ieslf-denying services of these' faithful men of God. Of-this number four. teen..remain- to' the greatý benefit ofj the diocese. ;.,:. (2.) It is a further subject of encourge ment that, during the period of our exit ence as a separate diocese, nineteen; new churches have been erected-besides a con siderablo'amooint'of debt rpon, two other churches removed-involving a total expen diture of about £12,000 for churches alone: And in this enimreration I:'designedly oinit al'buildings ofwvooi,-as being more orloess of a temporary, nature; upon those sone £600 or £700 have also boes expended,; I* (3.). Beides,: si, new parsonages hive been erected and two other, suitable houso't purchased, at an aggregate cost of £600 . Schemes' for..two more, parsonage ,houses have- also made : considerablo progress. Thseo are' .xclusive -of.;valuable, glebes; which in some instances have beenzi curod,' and upod.TbwhIcli,£300 or £400 have been' expendedfor enclosure or purchase.' Other glebes hve "also, beeon most .generously granted; as lenefactiois to certa'patiahes for a nucleus of endowment. 1, .. . ' 1I . .(4.).,Again, 'during' our brief. period! of opportunity , twenty-ono,,pew Ohurchi of England schools were openied; and in seven places. commodious :structuresr were erected for shool purposes at an' utlay,of:£2009. Much. good;,has been'offected by, the labors of the tachers in these seminaries of sound learning and' religious education. But, alas I several of ,ther havebeen closed; together'twith five of .previonusly existing schools, 'by the operatiol' of the' Publl Schools Act. , But 'I thank'God that we hade twenty-two Church of England sciools in'operation . . : ;,; . . ,' Thlsusugestis the, remark that greater importance than ever, and specially under the circimstance, forced. upon is. by tho Publio Schools 'Act;' attaches to 'Sunday schools. - Of these a large, nuber .are well sustained: by. the'voluntary labois' of, self. denying. teachers.' 'I comnmend .'Si?day schools to the special attention and fostering caie of my brethren the clergy,,wherpver it Is' practicable for them to bestow; personal service either in instructirig the'teachers,'or in visiting the schools,. a -rr ' S(5.), The, esBtablishimenl t ' nd ,;continued success of our excellent Church'Society, is another1sourceo .f. thinm]fiilhissjiando en couragement,' 'It' has :beeti, thei meas i 6f oinferring the largest blssings ,upnn.eyery, part' of the 'diocese, and .s the right hand of the chiirchiof Ohrist' lthe diobese' for every'good4 work." It has epiendid'"£303, ii four years ,",I commenditto"you'aS a means'of bringing blessings ab well pon its supporters; 'as.; upon'" thosi ewho~ . re' itho ' recipients of,its bounty.'..?The reconmepda-, tion bftthe synod, that, on two 8tudaeys i each year,, collectionsi should'l be'specially miade inevery "chirch for its general fund has been'most beneficial.: ,,Christian friend' in Englan have "also'?,morethatn',inoe mniterially ' ugmnted our funds by seaion able contributions in its, behalf-whi chi fact is mbst cheering t ri s. ,'Iwould als? iotice most grateoflly 'our great obligation to odi stated subsoribers,,r'and, specially'to', those wh6o b'ntribute £50 ,a-year,',i wh ths render"uis the double 'ser 'o, tt good example'.and .'ofplacing1 i the4handi 'of th e'cmmittoo the mean of. stiulati eloal' gnerosity, by. ia kriggra'ntiin d o :paroohhl'e orts. ' ".'. "....... .' .' .... . . 2' 2 ut" th'erie is another 'plass' of 'on'. couragemeritsan these areconnected ,with the spiritual rbults ofth, 'ippliiande 'r.Whih have beon''bro ught bto ea'r ) ipbh .the 'dlocese.; . . '' . .. . .., .. o'We sMust lea ri mindi',that l allthe ppliances foarpo ,orghaniztoia , the eiterna molohinery, through. whih' we seek thi'kglo b 'of Christ in the' salvatii f ,s6uls,"'. This i' the' ui ,objet'o6f f,'ur nihtry;. ld tlio ultiimate design of, ,ll ro ependiture f nt tiiand resources? ;"ti "-the, miidastof'.tho tiur'6iloft'eiltti !trialse':toils,;"inid 'dilsappointmeidits ray of tru cEdifoit'falls upon our'drooping 'prits %he'iifr tin tie titme we'se the oefectil ioil' 6f the' I6dly!Ghst l Ith`ooinvergidn if 'sbuls;,'ind' i the gjneral'spiritual' lniprovjoz inmeit of thoise aounid' us fIt,lihs iomettmes 'ooiiredr that'whlle the' world saw 'idthlgr to'cominind, therte'hasbleengjoy ii thdpre seinie'of th'eangils'of ,God over sintiers.,r poiting 'under the'faithful'rilnistrations of the''men pf'God i''iniir'ihmdt, and tu'ning in' faith'arid' inddmeit' of ,life;. to'; the Divido''Saviour.,"Theosoe spritual' results in the diocesie are th'joy, ofmy h'eait. Let is taki'"ddncoragienent from thO experienc' of Gdd's'faeidr.-i. the i at'.td'opsevere 1i the' work, 'with .the iissured ,hop thit' in 'dýe time,' If ~w fatif nt; we' shall'ieap' a glorl oui hardest of 'siul; to bi 'ur crown'aof .ie 'j-cigýin the eternal day.'' ..... r,, 'One,'of the ouitward;evidences of this row.th"df 'spiritdal life is'i the; gradualin 'ceaso'in the number,, and visible improve' iment in'th'e religious conduct of our, om minhiantsqi, Ahd.I' m ' led' to believe. that hlisicceision'obfl'persons' adnitted ,to full ' lcoi?niiion 'has been in,'great; measre the easultof; the carefuil and aiious prepara tion of candidates for confirmation.: [n th codurse'of'the present year,3t4 persons have beenq.odolrmed; n ,the oulthero'diision of 'thi dio'deie'-204 ':feiales i'nd 140'" mles. Thbeir"devqot' deman'o'i , biore testimbny to 'the anniouis labour.,bestd?. ~in 'their in strtictoiin by, the ilhbt chlergymen,iwho pre inted.them 'for eon irmation.;;,' .'*p,',',, .I :"'We' also' roognlsoWithe i real thianhkul nes i'the kJimproved; religious 'C ondition ,o.?"',many_ p'part:', "g ith0(,;ldlooese,, and attribuite "it',.ti"& hat ogenierual ' ablessing; 'ihlch' through' 'the'?,mery:' of '.God ,I bofte'th'e silent evidence o'beth'effe'ittye: niess'and power of .the 'Chr!liaia. .inlhity 'eeh''w.'ere it is' not' ioompaied 'ylth',on vers onofrsouls,.' 'Teiro is;I' havd,reason to bellie6," 'griatergiard to ihe observance of th'iLord's'Day,, as well'is increaised anid 'more pduitiial "iittendaico'it' the'siividoes f the house of 'bd. " Immoiallty and vice are les-'ranmpantu, drunkennesi and' dishonesty at?eloss~'i isible,' 'andattentidn'to' Christian dutlde, aiddto.doniestla '.and social yirtues more 'ons lone us;;::'^!;;' "Fo r all these' enoouragements' am dee indebtid'utiider"God to the fidollty'anid ei cienpy of the olr'Igy e a.body,;. I feel that I d'm.nder the greatest 'bolgationito you; yn dear brethren; for th'e hristian patience with 'whioh' you h'avb' ,,borneouniexpe'ote~ trials, 'ahd'for. the,'goddly 'z'eal' and untirlio dovotednoss with' which' yd have discharged your ministerial dutles'l n'season and" ut of seMon ;'As woU'las for the uniform' ldndas villl 'which yon ,Iase received my su es-o lions and irven effect to my wishes. May God ;the Holy Ghost himself ,abundantly reward and comfort you.... SI proceed now to our third division. , ; III:--O Trn'Furn PaosrEors. 1\. Let us contemplate them' first from' a parochial point of view. ' 'We may well 'pause herre and Inquire ";what are our hopes for the future?" There may be'ground for. th'e opinion that we were probably.too bold in' undertaking at once so many responsibilities in connexion with the appointment of clergymen and the erection of buildings, within the brief space ,of fire years, and that therefore we must not be surprised if we are met 'with a tempo 'rary reaction In a few places, in consequence of ' exhaustion. in' some degree; of ;their resources, and of our Inability to continue to them' the same measure' of, supplementary aid as'atflrst."'''"' (: '()'Nevertheless I sea no gbroid for be. coming 'weary 'or' faint-hearted. ' In' the retrospect'of' general' results and ,present appearances in- the .'diooese," so 'far' from thinking that there is ooccasion. for, despond-. ency, I perceive,' on the contrary, manifest proofs of'the Divine; interposition' on: our behalf.' lelying, theti,e, on the' sameo Al mighty 'arm, I hope' for the continued pro. sence with its of our Divine: Master, and for similar prospects and progress in the future, if we are only true to our high" alling, and work bn in faith, and labocr in' loveowith a' single eye to the gloryof God.' -' , (2.) 'Again; wherever parochial organiza Lion has been" c6mpleted-tht ;is to' sayy, wherever there is a faithful 'clergyman in full work 'a 'church;' a'pa rsonage, and a schobl ' I trust 'that, ' the' main' burdens being removed, there will be proportionally a grgater facility n: obtaining the; reiuired stipend, and id maintaining the machinery of the'church' in health ,'and -vigordns' action, In such case we niight 'with 'advantageRde. vise' schemes for.'endo'wmeaot 'itfllolent to' supplement the'acinual'efforts' looally msade to obtain, the minister's stiiend;'..I'trust that the' synod'will' be- enbbled to' uggest a plan and to render assistriico faicrrying it in to e ffect. •r . v e . "(3.) We have'further thel picospet'bof ob-. taling the erection of seven more churches, atranigements' for some' of which are',in a forwaward'state.' Parsonages. and "also' re quired in seven'nore 'plaoes, 'and li?th'e case of, two of :these 'considerable' prep'rations haoe already' beeo rmade'' eo.that:woe may hoe to see them completed without 'delay.' a (4.)"'Uhe comparison" btwioeen our first quinquennial,,. period and th ' :previous twenty-seven yeare," leads to'tho hope of further advancement! ' It' is' evident' that' if' Ih tho' neIxt' quin quennial `period 'wo ishall'iscoeod, by the Dilvdo blessing," in"ereoting'even' halfthe numnber of buildings, and at'less.than' half the :previou's 'expenditure,' wr!'shal 'have cause for fresh'encouragement. } "And,that :we `may; the 'more fully reilise the ground Wvhich we hae' for thankfulnss' in' the past hi tory of teli'diocese, it' iai;'be' 'desirable' brt6fly to'dompaie 'the 'oeatui 'of tho'i pre vious twenty-seveni' years'fromn" the "year 18386, when the 'first' Bielisbo' of"Australia :wsa consecrated,'to; tohe 'yer i 8 03,'whii'the see of Goulburn was founded-wiltl'those 'of the lastflive ydar·e,.Qu"i " ' "r" '1 J ,. tiIn `thei former" period t'f tivdwety:seven years: 4 l'ohiurthes; 7'parsuoniages anid' 10 Churoh'of 'Egliind 'chuool wer theI"yyieblbi pi"'ofs of the pnergy 'of tlio:'ohtirchývithin the' lnimits 'of what is i'o w' lio 'dio6ese! of Goilburin" :' " "' e " " n""ie , la'I.T thei latte treriod . of five yeara -19 chtrches;'8 'parsonages,'an'2id '21 ?tii 'of Enigland schools represent the "effiort'6l the young diocese. Besides, nioeteenn' lergy m~n'wnere'added to'the workling itaff.T' ;I 0 Itl may iiot."be:'out'of place here to re niari' that while notie of our;zealous friends were actively seeking the cb.operation'of the w.dalthy:to' enable, them':to found the' stew 'diocese;' they' twer' in et in:'some' instances with theiromark that it-would 'be' better for thietfBislopc of Sydiney' to raise a! fund for 'obtalhingvmoreo clergym'en!"than' to'ereate such new diocese.:[ ,For it.was alleged that the great' need sias--the" multiplication'b f ':olorgy churohese and sch6ols. rý .'m.1 ,'n@': I l0May we'not fairly reply that the be't;jtho trde answer to such an imsgination i: ?coi-. talned' irn the' above' facts ?P, And' that( the ieaditst"'tway 'of ,increasiag':th ,'wborkling power' oft the church in 'any land; is 'to 'sub; dividoe the larger dioceses, and to plao6 centiee 6f 'Christia?r ictivity and! 6f 6oolesl 'stioal oversight at shorter intervals!l":'"' : '6 (.) " But how are clergyinentod'bo' pro. vided far' some of 'the' vacant' districts? I". The'roplyproper' to suah'aninq'uiry is-the 'previou"?"uestloi, " ?oild' they;? be 'stup. portid If appointed " "Many of thb parishes avPeimade most' praisewothy !efforts_?and sacrifloes for the purpose of securilig ,due provision for the celebration' of Divine wor: ship:' 3Ut'the 'ei' effort't'o'btain a'euit ablo'buildis?g has beeii for a time a' drain' p6hi' theirresourc'es, and''the 'clergcyman's stipend alia l biffereddisturbance andl' dihit-' nihtion' in'consequienoe. My ' 6wn'-belief is' that'if prosperbu' seasonis Hiintimorlfully' granted,"'the people will be better able'and mbre 'dispoeed to employ tie' ?ulisite' active' meinsures for s'ustianing th?-niinfstiy"'wjer., ever suitable toloterscan' be' secured, ;'.J ' Af rid ? " ' " ,Willi. oo tg 'illl: "and fi, this"Wieol?slmo; O?ai hoh haah v rs6'illig? or year or two ii': theoldglealt Itddlera- ;t,?.?o'rn Oolleoe, ged'aiib'tlie' kind':of tiihtlulig whlc' id'this llol?oie'at~':e t'bnt"a'nanot'b osrqid~d.'In 'Eaglobe'',~ic n younig man 'ialsi s't hbIs iojiired to spond antherfyeslior in th'b lbgical' prpa?atoldai'uid ilen' ho lq ordained lie ip d~!a6s"?(lib"cuiratiindef.the b 'iitt qc6i of someeiepoieIndedidietlodalliergy 'a'.n'Iu"f thiat mnanper he 'pAsses through the sc6s? of lealrng hiid bursins;"-loara: iot'o t 6hit'of'mncging a 'pbrlsb;?"nd"ofl hi bestway' of instructing te poeplo pub4 Iicly'and fromh liousd' to house.' ut in' .a inlstion'ay diocoso'like" tlei,' theo 'rquisite resources for stich 'asysiem'of mn'inati?ih ? hriates aiie 'altOgthr wanhting'; id ayaung 'mari' wth' ony 'a peparatory;' supply" of theolo6gical 'tia n ing;, abn/ 'thoclt ;inltiAtnin into the ?iysitries of paroobhial,'a nd minisi torial skill is bbligld o bbi6mnnsie hi,~iork,1 P lca8 isn ' laqb ?? 're moved'friom'ia more ,t eclrso 6n'cnOym'a 'lth homin hesiglii ,eeoaslonal codtitbil ases' ofO q.Oily o lpeirploxity ' icid yet ybvei,'undor's'u chlr. onmitances, heo'"is expotod.; to aOdcopipllsli whtti"la l?'U merely hniua~n"profoe~sioni ; woildc atonoe be deemed4impracticasble f not,inpossible. Nevertheless Ioore College is our only church source of suppl d,and the college has rendered good service in furnish. ang several active clergymen to this diocese. Again. , ,will the church in England or In Ireland be able to spare for us a supply of able and faithful men in our emergency " I believe that we might, obtain; from, these sources some valuable men,- if we ppssessed the means of providing ,for. their, outfits, passages, and journeys; and if,' moreover, we could guarantee an adequate income and a.suitable sphere of action in:the diocese. .Hithorto we ohave' been; dependent upon some of'my christian friends in England, whogenerously placed at my. disposal for this purpose the contributions adverted to. We can scarcely expect a repetition of such disinterested benevolence, in the midst of so many nearer'claims at home.; In future'we must look more to ourselves . for the means; and trust that in process of time we may: be able to obtain the requisite supply of clergy, without extraneous dependence to such an extent for, mon and, money. . But I must confess that I do not know when' such time is likely to arrive! ... .. l i. . .. ,. (6) ,.Another important inquiry is this, Swhat are our prospects with reference' to church schools, and the supply of an eflicient staff, of teachers ? " .The difficulty with respect to the religious qualifications of oom potent teachers t for. our: schoold, Is ' even greater, than that last,adverted to. =c':The qualification for teachers-piety; aptness to teach,' competency, from - previous training and experience-are, not: easily found in combination., , And .when the ;parliament deliberately: passed a !bill-the , effect + of which was to close so, many.of our schools before they. had obtained, a fair opportunity of establishing themselves-and to exclude the wortd of God from the hand of: the teacher in the daily routine of instruction in a public school-it closed at the. same time the only religious training.school in the colony which' was available for the supply of suitable teachers for our church schools. I cannot' conceal, therefore from myself, 'aid I do not wish to conceal. from you, the conviction'that' the ultimate effect of this legislation'cannot but be unfavorable to the religious character.of the rising generation. What can be expected hereafter of those who have been educated 'without. the Bible, and consequently without the source of right principle in life, and without any solid foun. dation for a good hope in death I : : i "... ?While our prospects as regards the minis. trations of religion in the public and private services of fatthfut'clergymen are reasonably encouraglog, those which relate to christian education, except, in, places where church scbools& have been established, are confess. edly 'gloomy. ,..We cannot for ,a moment aocept the public schools as substitutes for our own denominational schools.' Religious instructors cannot be found, gratuitously' to devote one hour a day to each public school while' ?the, secular,i teacher is:-abundantly remunerated'? for' the ;four, or five :hourp' tuition'.wllich' he is to!impart?under: the egulatior;s of the'.c uncil.,: I regard, the hmeasur'. and the ?jolicy which dictated it, as being;adversei to th religious progress of th8' chti ch'in' fhd,co0ony.; and, trust that n more I'nlightetie, parliament may yet arise to reslore the',privilege of allowing us! to edtsblis'6uf own' schools'as heretofore; and 'upon termni at lest equal to those which are 'ranted to pqbli6ieehools.' I nam'fully per. 'uadd 'frm 'careful"inquiry' and from ob. esprvation,, thatour churohschools,';which have been fairly, established and fullyorgan. ieed,'will ;biar conp'arison with any, public 'schools ofp milar standing, in all the secular biriiches' of leroing,,'while they present the addltlona` dvantage ,of,~imparting at ,the sabne'timr the higher instruction which alone gives:.ltb valhe toreecular linowledge,.'and which' eduoades the 'wholei;nan,,body, soul, 'aid spirit"as'well for,ote'rnity as.for time" Our hope ,meanwhile is; this-first, ,that; whe?iever churchi schools exist, the. clergy will foster and'guide and; giard them;,that they may beome, 'efficient for. all the pur posesof .their establishment; and secondly, that whlierever tiblio'schools alone exist,'th. 'olergywill endeavour to slakce arrangements lih the' routtine'of 'thoiri parochial work,. to 'visit: the"p'ubllo sohools, and, to.impart'in. sti?ction 'in th'e'Dibleoand in the formularies 'of, ur church' tossech childreh'a? belong' to our denominatioh'and are willing,to attend. Otherwise "oir' 0loss will, Ibe; incalculably, greaLet';." ' 'ti'ie ,. , : " I ,,.;,. '2. Let1 uenesxt view our prospects .,with reference to the diocese at large.. I would humbly express' my hope that, notwithstand. hig some difloulties of a practical nature, if we are "pared to labor on for a few years we shall have cause to rejoice id the progress of. diocesan arrangements in' the same. de greeas 'we' may now fairly' rejoice in the advancement of what 'more 'strictly relates to the organization 'of ou several'districts and parishes.:: " ;:"';. "u '. ' 1'', 1 '(l,) ,irst with regard to our, synod.. ,T·W have scareely had experience enough as yet of, the utility of synodical action.' Time will remedy the defects which may now ,appear, and;remove 'somenof the obstacles. ,.I am anxious that the synod:should, have a fair, trial.nd ar fll opportunity of lideveloping ie6lin the diocese and request my reverend ? ?threni with me toexeroise patience,'and:to 'ausider b'efore they meet the synod In session uch subjects'as appgar to; them topresent the most pressing claims upon the time and attention, ofithe diocese:.' I certainly?;share thi'feelings'of soiome who are.of opinion that theforoisatin of the synod here was in some spects pre'ntiaure;,'and that tlie time con suimod In'the prevoous conferences could, at leiiast l ,the bishop, lha've been deyoted more benefcially, ait the early stage of our exist once tii oth~i'idloceseni dutles;, whlichwere suipebdedlii conseqiuenceo of those interrup. iions;".,uit'the'.i nod is nowa fact illet us tlieriefore 'employ it for' the furthorance?of thsoe'bjeti-t he6 'mr'er'disduislon 'of ,which by. the",assembled clergy and laity will be productlve'of~ bneficia1o rsult .. ..", ,.Ic i,(2.) Tbhoprovlucli a mnd., : o time 'has ?eon nane so,'o'far as I"'a aware, for' the assembling o the provincfal synod.' United 'otion" io " 'thoreforo "po'tponed i .and;.the veral dicePsPeP 'are asmnuchisted friom 'ach othro sthough' hey, ,were sltusteo i thror.distinct divisions of the'globe.;, t· ' i '(3.)Theoi'ndowam6t 61, the sqe, and the ecto ln''of an'opiscopa resIdoedce. .Thi is a .ubject' which' may, 'bo'regardd Id trust' as ono of 'general interest to tho dlocese., .Tho o'nbtril utloesi 1i., moneyt' thbo :Bish'prio End aboVnt.Fdndamountito :£10,000, of .whIch £2000 weroe.'votedby sooleties 'in Londoui, betidos £100 a year from the. re* e:ouesoa f thof ? eBloJ i tho rIto" EstEtot"' in ý'dnej,..by the hind arrangementof the metropolitan and the government; and £6?0 a year from a friend in the district of Goul. burn. There are also benefactions' ialand at Goulburn of 163, acres:'at Collector of 100 acres with a house; at Taradale of 2500 acres; and at Queanbeyan of 100 acres ,with a house,-which together produce:a gross revenue of £145 a year. :The unpaidsub scriptions to the fund amount to £1200, upon which the kind donors payinterest,ianudthus recognise the validity of their promises.. . In addition to the, above, a sum was placed. in my hands by personpl friends in England, which has been in great part em loyed in preparation of the land desilnbd to be thesite of a future building, as a bishop's residence. Towards the latter also I'have obtained tho'sum of £1700, of which £170 were subscribed by; friends in Sydney,, and £700 came from England. . . .. " From! these. statements it will be under. stood that the endowment fund is.not yet completed; and that the .building fund, has not reached more than half the amount which is required. . : . .? IV.-Ount'Dvrrrs. In conclusion I would invite you to Acept a few suggestions as to the dutles, which now seem to be incumbent ,upon us,, gener ally as ministers of Christ,'and, pecially under the present aspect of the affairs of the diocese. 1\. Lot us in the first place resolve to keep ever in view the ordination tow-" will you be diligent in prayer ?! '; "I will endeavour myself so to do, the Lord being my, helper." What a solemn contract was this Into which yoiu entered ,when you were ordained as ministers of the word and , sacraments of Christ I, It involves the promise of diligence in this duty, the constant lifting up of, the soul to Christ-the drawing out of the affec tions, ever after IIim, in earnest prayer I This is of the deepest moment, for the pro gross of your own ministry. There is no instance of a successful ministry which! has not been a ministry, abounding in prayer. The minister must be, !a man of prayer," If lie would be a minister of. Christ for he needs the inner Instruction. of the Great Teacher' whose personal example in 'this diligence is to be our true model,. It is be. yond belief how.much light iandtunction from above, how, much vigor and strength, how much ability and readiness for his great work flows to the faithful preacher through this channel.,. The marvellous issues of. the success of the apostolio ministry of old'is clearly traceable to the heaven- sent resolu tion,. !, we will give ourselves continually to prayer,' (Acts vi, 4) "and to the ministry of the word." On. this account'Christ ,was with them " in the, power of, His resurrec tlon.!' -And their words were the message of God to the hearts of the hearers, which ITe opened so that,they, took heed' to the things.spoken.,, Daiyl,wrestle with Gbd in prayer for yourselves, and for your; people; daily sigh over your own alsn and the ?ins of the impenitent around you ;and daily draw supplies of' grace and strength from above for the temptations, the duties, and the trials which are a necessary, portion of your min isterial care.';"m . .t ,?s (?:' : . j , .I 'r'.o .~:Pray likewise, in:the spirit of; the Ember weeek,petitions, that God would, mercifully guide and govern the minds of,Ills servants the r bishpps,, that, they. may, faithfully .and wisely make colic of, fit persons to serve in the sacred ministryr of.His church; 'anudalso that; hoewould' give His grace; and heavenly benediciIon to t hosewho are to. be ordained, that both by their life and doctrinethey' may set forth the glory,of,Ood:and the salvation of men through Jesus Christ our Lord ,:,I ., The great want of our times is a due sup.' ply of godly, faithful, and learned men, for the perfecting of the saintes for.the,work of the' ministry; for the edifying of the body of Christ. ...Lotu seek them by, importunity in prayer I, ?a:,,:, , . , . r,, . ,., ,, .2.? Next,to direct communion with God, which is, theowork of, the heart, is the duty of framing. and, fostering lf' our own selves and our families,' accordingto thoedoctrine of Christ, and of making,both ourselves and? them, as much as in usliethiwholesome ex amples and. patterns, to the, flock of,Christ; andr this i, the;,work ofthe 'l.fo, .If ? wo. would gain aneeffeioivq jnfluencee.for, our ministry, ,we must be;,careful :to; maintain holy consistency ih our conduct, and to avoid all appearance of,what is evil. , If the gospel which.we ;preach be,powerful.in filling our selves with the graces of the spirit, then will it.bo mighty through God in pullingdown strongholds : elsewhere. " Levity,, frivolity self.indulgence, ;conformity with the world in our intercourse with the people will soon bring down our ministry, in their estimation, to the level;of a cunnongly;dsevised fable, Whereas the humble; devout, and holy pas. tor will find a pervading influence for!good' flowing 'forth from himself, :and :gentl: affecting all who come within, the action, of . 'his pastoral care., Give your best to Christ, and He ,rill not fall to crown your ministry with jewels of glory.? , ? I `: ' :r ' 8'3.' Upon the, duty of1 parochial -visiting 'I should have much to say, were I not per. suaded that you are all deeply convinced of Its .value and necessity. '"It is by .this= method:that you learn .the .true spiritual., condition of your people; bythis you will' gain, their sympathy for your, heavenly' message, b first taking an interest in those. ordinary objects which most interest them,. Once secure their sympathy, and you readily. Rain willing ears for your higher ministrao i' tions. It is our duty to . teach, - not .only ' "publicly,". but ,also ;"from" rhouse'ato' house,'" f we would follow an apostollo ' model; and to use "private monitions and exhortations, 'as well .to the sick as to the whole within ourt;cures," If we would 'be true to our' ordination rows. .It is .the house-golong minister, that makesl':'(churqh-/ golng.i people; <I;doo, not know anything which produces more deadness ;and indiffer enco: among, professed.members. ,oft the churoh than the ordlnary neglect ol. this plain duty. If.,wo are tempted, over to follow, our, own .caso.or pleasuro,instead of seeking the salvation of the souls committed.' to ourcare, letus'askc ourselves the solemn qlestion--' how, shall we meet them before the judgment seat of Christ, If through our sinful indulgenco ?weo have permitted tem to .i'The systematiles~titOg of our. schools fo " religious instruction and esteohising belongs' to this part of our ordinary diitles;?butI ; need not enlarge upon it beyopdthoe 'remark : that diligence here ~wlllaleways repay; the' . labour that youerhpond'ujo 6'it. ji'." ;,1,42 ,. 4.. CarefulOne is Important In ithe matter.i of admonishlng thosb'who coine to the table of thde drd to be regular li thoid iteind ance at th monthly communion, , nnd regular too in malntaining a course of con. 'duct agreealle thereto. Your people may alo be reminded of their own obligations to God, and of their covenant with Cnrist, if yon introduce the wholesome practice of baptizing the young from time to time in the face of the congregation according to the spirit of our church and the design of ler baptismal services. I would particularly urge upon my reverend brethren the duty of adopting this plan, and of avoiding as much as possible the practice of using " the omice for the publio baptism of children" Sin the etire absence of a congregation, the presence of which is supposed and presumed in the whole tenor of it. And with regard to the hour for administering the Lord's Supper, in the Church of Rome this Is Slimited to the period between eight and . twelve in the morning; but our own church has not confined the celebration of the Holy 'Commmunion to any specified hour of the : day. If therefore in any case you would Sfind It convenient, and would desire to ad. minister it in the afternoon service, there is no lawful impediment. 5\. To another sacred duty I would briefly advert-that of encouraging your people by. your own example and by your direct In. Btruction, to cultivate the habit of devoting part of their substance to the service of God In the offertory.' This Is an institution of Sapostolio origin and of divine appointment; and has been of the greatest value wherever fully understood and generally adopted. i It possesses the great merit of affording an Sopportunity to the widow to throw her mite Sinto the treasury of the Lord, as well as to the rich to cast in of their abundance. The Sclergyman should persevere in inculcating Sthe duty and in affording an opportunity for its practice, while himself always setting the example. i. And now lot us briefly glance at the position which as ministers you are con :iderod to occupy in the Church of Christ. .: The true designation of the office which you bear is very clearly defined by the admirable Hooker:-" In truth the word presbyter ' doth seem more fit, and in propriety'of i peech more agreeable, than priest with the drift of the whole gospel ot Jesus Christ. For what are they that embrace the gospel but eons of God? What are churches but his families? Seeing therefore we receive Sthe adoption and state of sons by their min. istry, whom God hath chosen out for that purpose; seeing also that when we are the sons of God, our continuance is still under their care, which were our progenitors, what 'better title could there be given them than 'the reverend name of presbyters or fatherly 'guides? The Holy Ghost throughout the Sbody of the Now Testament, making so much mention of them, doth not anywhere call them priests." (Eccl. Pol. v, 78.3.) We are ordained to preach the Gospel, to feed the flock of Christ, to tend the lambs, Sto recover the wandering, to edify the body of Christ. 7\. With regard to the prevalent troubles of the Church of England, I see little need of the introduction of the subject on an occasion like this, because we are happily ftree from the taint of ritualism amongst ourselves, and are too much occupied with the realities of missionary work to devote time to mere vestments, or to tamper with Sthe errors of the Romish apostacy, which lie beneath the gorgeous ceremonials. To sup. pose that any honest mind can find a pre text for these things in the language of our formularies is to suppose that our reformers, by the employment of ambiguous language, admitted into our Book of Common Prayer the very evils which in truth they shed their blood to exclode. But there is a worse evil than even this. The great enemy has been busy in perverting the very fountains of in struction. Scepticism and infidelity have alas! even in high places, found promoters and abettors. It is an awful spectacle to see a minister of our scriptural church reduced from the truth by German rational ism. ' How much more awful to see one in the highest office, bringing despite upon the living oracles of God, and robbing the Saviour of the world of the Divine honour with which the very angels adore him. ;- "Our own course is clear, if we would be loyal to the word of God, and' loyal to bur church; it isto have no communion with 'such;, but to hold firmly and to preach boldly the faith once delivered to the saints. It ia on the faithfulness of each of us in the 'appointed path of duty, that the prosperity 'ot thechurch on earth depends. It is n .:your pulpits, n your schools, in your due Sand scriptural administration of the sacra. iments, -inyour closets, in your studies;in Syour pastoral visits, in your labours of love, ' In 'your holy lives, that your strength is Sfoind,' and that the good fight is fought and '-r:B?Dut whatevr. else you may: be, failure ''inust follow If you ever forget that you are '3as ambassadors of Christ,'and that to you is i g uivehu the' ministry of reconciliation, to wit, Si that' God" was in'; Chlrlst; reconciling tho world unto himself, not imputing their tres ,; pasies unto them' for Hi hath maiade Him ". to be alni for, us who know no iin'."';iLike TlhSt.:Paul determine to know nothing among S ernon but' Jesus .Ohrist ' and Him crucified ; 'anrid like iSt. Paul, you will approve'your. i:'eelve asa minters of God l. Our ministry is S'preemitnently for the salvation of mankind; Sblrt salvation is of: the Lord; ', VWo are only .L instrumonts in His hand ;*quickening power 1 is from-the 'Holy Ghost.' 'Iefore you can -;expect to, be'employed in the salvation of y'otlhors-maket sure of. your own-and then , Ohrist being 'with,you, you' will savo both ;t?yourselves and them that hear you >:'I,! 