i^l«_---: \- PARLIAMENTARY ELECTIONS. . MIL COWPER'S ADDRESS TO THE ELECTORS. I Mr, Oowpor addressed a' mooting of the electoi i jut Sydney, in tho Yiotoria Tb estro, lost over Ijong bofote the timo ßxäd for tho taking of the i nany hundreds were met iii the theatre; and at' lime Mr. Gowrer came forward to address them place was crowded to tho very ogling. There coal« bi loss than three thousand persons presant, Zn thats appeared to be moro than wore ever assam beforo even in that theatre Mr, Cowper, on entering, wa« greeted with oo and enthusiastic oheering, . A moaget thoae on stage wera the Premier, tho Treasurer, tho Min for Lands, Mr. Georgo King, Mr. Salomons, Mr. Da ' &c; ' On the motion of Hr. BENJAMIN JAMES, tho i TfBS taken by Mr. BOBKBT STSWABT, who stated objeot ot the meeting, and called on Mr. Cowpe address the meeting. Mr. COWPKB, on rising, wns rooeived with reno applause, As soon as silence was restored, bo t i «Ones more tothebreaoh, dear friends; once m< ? (Cheers.) He had responded to a laTgoly si; requisition to present himself onue mire for t antirages. H° regretted that hia coming forv , ahonld have oausod nmbrago even to " a sin Citizen.'' (Cheers,' and oriea of " You'ro wantei In Banyan's Pilgrim's Progress it was said " Shamo" WOB a most sbameleea fellow ; and thought " simple oitizen" was not so simplo as i seemed. He asked him if he could point out any I '. when the affairs of the Government were ndminiet ; with more satisfaction to tho country than wheo (Mr. Cowper) administered thom? (Applause.) asked him if tho debatos of the Assembly bad besa moro degraded since ho (Mr. Cowper) had than before? 'It waa now nearly twenty-seven y ? tinoe be first oamo before tho p-opie, and be had behind him some fruits of his labours. (Hoar, he ) That could not ba said by ovortbody. Ho hod desire to appropriate to uiras'ilf the labours of ol . people Some of our publio men had that habit sekei them to take a calm review of tho state of colony when _ he first appeared before tl BS S publio man, and moro rccei when ho retired from Parliament, When resprmai Í government wes first introduced they had acareo] public work or a publio road worthy of the name, T were destitute of the means of administering jus' . ! throughout (he interior. The Government dep ¡ Stents wero in a stato cf disorganisation. Now tl ! bsd railways, publio roads, t olographe, every soi : institution necessary for tr o good government of Í country. They had amazingly improved. They 1 '? ranon to bo proud of ; and ho trusted thu*, they wo not now discard those who had barna the barden i heat of the day when others were not in th? fit (Cheers, and cries of "No fear.") .'Ho deeired tomi so statement that could not be corroborated, Therof ho would refer to figures to show 'what he stated \ on a good foundation. They were BOW deali mainly, with two particular questions-relating ' oommsreo and to publio odtsoation. He would i shirk to-night either of taose questions. (Cheers,) j i wes prepared to explain his conduct on those questit j lsd any others, and to answer any questions th ; j night put to him. He began with, the question j < taxation, and especially tho ad valorem duti S Governments are generally io difficulties to ta . revenue. That diffioalty had always press ; on the Governments of New South Wa! S ! Well, after they had exhausted all otl . available means of raising rovoouo, it occurred to : j colleagues and himeulf, that the; might get a anion ; sotion among the colonies; and a conference v i ' called at Melbourne, at whioh. bo (Mr. Cowper), S I Smart, and Mr. WeekoB represented New Sot j ! Wales. They discussod the whole question of taj i Mon, And -he (Ur. Cowper), believing that ad valon 1 duties were not dosirable as revenue moved a í carried a resolution, that customs duties ought to ) paid to the revenues of those oolonies by whoso popu ' , tion the articles taxed wero consumed-that a unifoi 'System ot duties should ba adopted, and the amour divided rateably according to population-that valorem duties were open.to GO many objections tl ' they ought not to be resorted to. (Cheers, i Th might say he was a most inconsistent maa, af tor th to introduce ad valorem duties. Ho could only rep i -"Necjesity has no law." It was uecossary that t credit of the oolony should be sustained. Minist j after Ministry had mada attompti to raiso tixatio ! tad it appeared to him, being Ooloni Btcretary, Minister for Lands, and Troaeui ! -for ho had no colleaguo for these offices ! that tbey might paas th's duty as a témpora Belsar« to meet, the pablid exigencies. He never pi posed ad valorem duties oxcept as a temporary mc mt ; and he was happy to find that the prese Colonial Treasurer proposed to tnbsiitute other me»; , of revenue. .(Cheero) He was not quito so Bangui; Ulomo of his friends that direct taxation, would i very palatable. Ho was anxious to soe municip iiiu'tutións established, that by means ot them peop might gata tasto of direct taxation. Wheo tho cou f toy was prepared to receive direct taxation, be would 1 lippy tb co-operato with those who wished to rope, I the ad valorem duties. Another point was levyirj ' the Border customs. Others had taken credit ft Wog.tho first to levy customs duties oa the borders i hilt was only duo to Mr. Weekes, his former co I league, to state that ho wes- the bret to ioeiet o ' : levying these duties from tho colony of Yicturii j dough he was Hot successful at the time. H f I (Mr, Weekee's) action endtd in thoso IntleB being lovie if ter. twa or three years' discussion. It was not fair fe 1 others to take credit for what was done, wlthot ! j remembering that Mr. Weekos cleared the way (Cheers I In tho present state of publia fooling ho would not lik ', ! to »ay one word to glvo pain in any quattei j ! Es had been absent from publia life about throe year ) daring which mach discussion had taken place out c Î doers. - He was now boforo them to offer brit ! explanations of his conduct, and thon, in answor t : -questions, to givu suoh furthor explanations a* tho ' might desire. Be did not wish them to cleat hit '. unices they thought bim a fit and proper parson t j j represent them. Having been elected again, an { again, and again-¡choore, and i.-rios of "and again") Í ht had 410 desire to bo returned for Saat Sydney, i ? tut Sidney had not tho fullost confldcnc ; ishim. ".(Oheers.) With regard to eduoation, thi i question also stood in a peouliar position. As th I ad valorem dnties>were onoo considered tho beat mod j of taxation, but would not now bs approved; so th \- EduoationtBill, whioh in many quarters oreated gm i dliutitfsatloa, was now willingly accepted by tb * people ss tho law, and they would on no aocount alto ] lt. (Ohoere.) He would explain the part he (Mi . Cowper) had taken in this matter. He difiero , from many -of'his friends on the subject ol-education ? Bawasoppaeed to secular oduo»tion, and in favour o , I tba Denominational system. For many years bo hm i endeavoured to improvo and oxtond primary oducatio: Í in tbs country. While, people were diasussing wha Î lyttera should -be adopted,. he was doing all in hil j fewer to mest the wants of tho aoloay After he lef I office statements : wero mada that tho education of th< / WBBtry had been negleated daring the time ho was li i office. Those who talked in this style knew not thi j difficulties a Minlstor had to encounter in dealing with j tte subj sot. Be did nat neglect the question. Hi I sid submitted to Parliament soveral bills for od nea ?fien, He Introduced a bill to promote publio educa non ia 1859-tea years ago. Tho prinoiple of thai . ., nan sill bs still held to be tho correct ono. But the IVrlia 5 meat rtjeoted 'it. When his moasare wai j "jested, ho rosignod offico. (bloar, hear: i That bill proposed to mako tho membcri j of the Executive Council mombera of the Board ol j Education. That appeared to him a very oonstitu i liooal principle-that thoao whoiheld offico by tho will j of the representatives of the people should be a board I to carry on the oduoation ot tho oountry ' (Hear, J hear,) It was belter lhan to hove tho board composed ; et the leaders of tho Opposition. That bill wasrejtoted, after that ho waa again called intooffloo, and.took thc : jpportnnlty of dealing with the question by another till in 1802. Many of tho olauBcs af that bill formed put of Mr, Parkos's bill. (Oheers and laughter.) Foi uttanco, tho first olanso - provided a Council of Education. The bill also provtdod that tho . £,*íí?aal Dolrd «nd the Denominational Board ahonld : wdieeelvcd. The . now board was to have power to j pf'jegahtlone. No Pabilo Babool waa to bo eatab j '"hid except at a certain diataooe from others; four ! hours of education daily woro to bo aubjoot to iuepoo boa from the Government. He thought that was a Rood principle. That bill was oaly read a first time. ; too two boards wero to bo abolished, and ono board miblished. Thia was the ehiof morlt of »» prsiênt' bill. He ought not to omit to do justice to ono member of the Oonnoil I of éducation who had done mero ts promote Wneation in thia oolony than any olhor person frofeetor Smith, of tho- University.. (Ohoore.) No i »w deserved moro at the hands of tho colony for his I jealous but mobtruiive, labours. He (Mr. Cowper) ; Jtiodaced s third bill in 1863, a modification of all toe others, whioh all bat passed through Parliament, i ii > Contained tho main features of Mr. Parkes's I with tho excoptioa of tho clauses that trammel ?hj°e oporatl)n of the Denominational tohoels. (Cheers ) S K!< bc''-vod tho poople of Mew South r. iB'Il-s desired to have Denominational sohoals, luWià legislation ought to bo in aooordanco with S j!ho wishes of the poople He would show what was ; jMdono in tho work of eduoation whilo those bills wot o «Minder discussion. In 1857, when he osma into otliao ''SB irs eecond time, thoro wero G50 aohonla, with 2O.3B0 . Pd Wi"8! when no loft ofTna in 1800, there wsro 11G5 HÄ V00'' "nd CO.OOO aahslara. (Loud ohoorsK And tho 1 «TT,-*- «ponJlin«, /ihuwsd that whi o with nu "HKInii!. ur"°ueof tho publio money of Jlvl9,000, tho M no?»? ,oal «oüoola taught 27.UOO acholara, tho I B0',o?'». with nn expjndltura ét £-10,000, I . Wan tho "!y . iU.OUU Boholar»,; Wnloli i th" poopio T'' \v?mlTvvu;,°iP ,WMoU -twa'i tho "ont RTI""«» Hm I>,m,i"i,mil..i.»r ""T"ii Wntormlnntion &»,e botte, to.io.ivuur l,.' "ù rovû !'-JWould it Cowper) was (ho member of (he Acsombly who intro- duced the bill to Incorporate tho affiliated oollegei; and Ker an endowment for thom. (Oboers.) He got the roto for tho Museum. It wno oa his motion that tho mottoj waa vated for tba l'rco Pulllo Library. (Cheers.) Hi was gratifiai to find that tho prosent MinUtry had been enabled to eatatilish that institution, Ho hat not neg'eotod the Dästituto Children's Asvlum. L.rge sums of money had , boon voted for it Thou, os to tko training Bhip Vernon -(hoar, hear)-some people thought Mr. Perkes mts thc p .ison who first, took stops ta jlitoia suoh an institution. But ho would remind I them that ono of the eociul leform bills of the late Government-tho Destitute O tildren's Bill-was pro I pared by him (Mr. Cowper) and afterwards passed in tho thape, word for woM, in whioh bo left it And in j 1862 he (Mr Cowper.) obtuinod a errant fur a des.¡tate children's training school. In 1885 ha advertised for a vessel su'lcd to thin objeot, (Unread tho advertise- ment from tbe Gazelle.) They thus tailed for lenilors, und tho Vernon nc ri another vessel wuru t ndored. He hnd not, then, negleoted education whilo he was iu office. (Gnoura.) Coming to Mr. Parkee-'s measure, he said be did not like Mr. Parkea'd whobaile attaoba upon the clergy. Ho (Mr. Cowper) thonght they wero very unjust. For if any olass bad sacriflood tbeinselvos more than another for tho good ef tho young, it wa9 tho clergy. (Cheers ) Nor did ho like eomo statements m&do; by >'r. Parkes aa to the neglected stato of education. Ea pat an untruthful colouring upon tho matter, shewing that ho had not approached thc subject in aoalm statesman lilco manner. But. more than that, hi. (Ur. Parkes) stated his indention of making I education eeoular. Ho (Mr; Cowper) w«s opposed to «ocular education, (Cheers} liut this j bin woe disfigured by ono ot tho most extraordinary clauses on tho face of the oarth. It said that " in tho ¡ construction of thia Aot secular instruction bhall be hold tiinaludogoneral re'igiouBtoaohing." (Laughter) j secular ia truction waa defino ?? as religious instruction. (Iteçeired laughter.) Pacing (rom the ad valorem duties and education, be did not think there was any proof of his maladministration I of the Government, In 1857 tho population of tho country was 305.487 ; in 1806 it waa 431412. ar.d Queensland had boon tasen od, In 18S7, the rovoauo waa £1,185,502; in 18U0, it was £2,838,459. (Cheers.) The imports were in 1857, £6,729.408 ; in 1880, ¿9,403,100 The «sports were in 1857, £4.011,052; in 1800, £9,013.000; in 1857-and this affoctod the question of freo trido-there wore 281 manufactories; in 1808, ibero were 2385 manufac- tories. Thia showed they did not want protection, (Oheers.) He rend a note received from Mr. Turville, private secretary to tir John x*oung, telling him thnt Mr. Stephens, who had b un dinicg with' Mc John Young, told them he bought largo quantities of Australian wool in Landon, brought it so Canada, made it up, ard a»nt U baale to London for re-export to Australia. This showed what enterprise would do. (Hoar, hear.) His (Mr. Cowper's) colleagues] and himself bad always endeavoured to introduoo measures to lay tho broad foundation of Constitutional Government on the moat liberal prinoiple-i. They passed tho Electoral Aot, wbi h gave thom (the electors)-¿vtry one of them-a vote He hoped they »ould not forget that on h'iidny. (Cheers Orien of ' Wo won' c ) They established Dietriot Court* all over tho colony, ia which justice was satisfactorily administered (Cocora.) They j improved tho gaols and look-uis. Tney added a fourth Judge. They abuliahod ttate-aij. (Cheers ) Li was i a gratifying feature ¡J tba obar&cter; of this com ! muoity, that they cover teemed t. wish such question» aa thia disturbed. Ko ouo over asked to alter I tho Kleotoral Aot And ho would like to seo tho mao ! who would try to repeal thc Act abolishing State aiu. (Cheer*) So with regard to tho Publio Schools Act; though many objected at the i time, y ot now, if tho administration waa only fair-as it could bs made -all would be satisfied, (Cheers.) Thora was abo tho Municipal Act of 1858. under whian »any municipalities had been established. The Aat passed tho other day was only an amendment saggostod by the working of the original Act. Hu did not know that ho need detain them further, or anticipate tho discussion of to- morrow. If they hai anything to ask him, ho was ready to give nu explanation. If they were satisfied that ho i.ad done his duty in t:mo past, and willing j to accept him - not perhaps to be sci active BB he had buen, but to do his best-nu was willing to plaoa hu services at their disposal. On tbo day of oloation let them '¿iva him ptoof that h.; had uol dono wrong ia coming forward again. .(Loud und prolongo! che.r I i"K-> ! (Tho audienco, oonsideriug their vast number, I were remarkably qui<t and.orderly. Now and then a ' few boys made a little disturbónos, but na opposition j was manifested to Mr. Cowper, and the cheers whioh ! followed every part of hie address wero earno'sfand demonetrativo.) Mr. HOLLAND askod Mr, Cowper if ho would support a bill to tnako eight houra a legal day's .fork F if ho would have a proviso for eight hours insertod ia Go vern rc en t contracte (or w.-rk, and give all coatraatois in tbo country an opportunity of tendoring for publio »Orks? c Chlors.) Mr. CowriB eaid ho was not favouiablo to legisla- tion between masters and tho unplayed. If a law nero passed for euch a .purposo ibero would bo many way) of evading it. it wna now quito open to any con. rao tor to stipulate for ei<ht houra, (Cheers.) Mr. DAIXKY, who had been repeatedly and loudly called for, cams forward amid immense oheoring, and said he had tho privilege ol submitting to this great matting tbe following resolution:-"That, in the opinion of this meeting, the Hon. Charles Cowper--ie, deserving of the confidenco and snppott of tho sleators of East bydney aa their represen- tative ia tho forthcoming Parliament." (Great applause.) Ho was glad that, in coming baok after long rotiremtnt to Ihoeo who had shored his labours, Kir. Cowpsr osma boldly beforo tbem te rotraot nothing, to apologize for nothing, to adopt no opinions merely because they wera now popular, but; manfully to tell them what bad been his viewB, and «that would still bo his views if they returnod bim. (OheerB.) Mr. Cowper had often been accused ot not saying to the world ¡«recledy what he . meant This was I said by these who could not impeaoh hie. I ability, who dreaded hia talent, and wished to iojuro his character. ? The electors would road his speech to- morrow. That epeooh was spokon tofbo oountry ; and they would all know that he could cot bo charged with insinooiity. He had not gone in with the general chorus of appro- bation of a measuro that was generally upprovtd. He would submit to the oxpreeecd will ot tho people, but he told thom hie own opinions, (toma disturbance in one of the galleries, una cries of ''Chuck him out."; Ho hoped nocody would be chucked oat, (Laughter.) Thuy bad hoard trom ono who had for ten yeats ad- vised the roprotontativo of hor Msjss'y the opinions he held. If tho gentleman who wae going to be chucked out diffurea from those opinions, let him oriticiso thom in a proper manner, BB'he had a right to do, Lat them not emulate tho example of a meeting recently hold-(loud cheering)-woura all who dared tn differ wera expelled. (A voice.: .By the authority ot tho ohairmnn ) By tho authority of tho chairman. But let them show that tho rights of all should be respected. He roceotly .read a remarkable lotter slgnod "Simple -Citizen," Ho did not bollovo tho letter nee tho eignatnre. Ho did not believe the writor was a simple ottizen at all ; bat an ambitious, unscrupulous member, of tho Opposition. Tola letter contained a chargo .against Mr. Cowpor that they only heard of him when the gatee ot tho Assembly were thiown opm to admit himtooDlco that bo waseither 11 in office, or out of Parliament." His (Mr, Dailey'<>) ana wer to simple citizen-who was a very eabtlo, deelnning, and dangerous citizen (choere) I -w»8 this, that ofilia was nover so ennobled aa when hts hon. friond (Mr. Cowper) was in it, and that Parliament was n»vor so do I graded BS when ho was oat of ^St. It had ibsen I said that this contest was one between the friends of constitutional freedom and those who sought to dobass our institutions, He (Mr. Dalley) bolievod that aesorlptlon was a correct one. But ho would say ' that in the pstson of bis hon. friond heroiMr, Cowper) they saw one always identified with tbo Constitution 1 of tho country, and ia tho persons of hia opponents those who had debatod and degraded tho institutions I of tho oountry-men who cams whining to thom, and seeking sympathy under the obloquy nnd shuno cast up m thom. (Ohoera and laughter) Here (said Mr Dalley, turning to Mr. Cowpsr.) is tho head on whioh every kind of obloquy has beon poured during the last twelve years, who hao endured ten times tho poreocution suffered by tbeeo whining euppllcators for publio sympathy, (Vehomeat oheoring.) Ho (Mr, Oowpor). never oame. lo thom wlh tears in hia eyes, begging thom to compas- sionate hia enfforlngs. lío nover carno sneaking, and whining, and begging them to return bim, because ho had been the vloilm of arucl persecution, (Laughter,) Ho (Mr, Oowpor) enid to them : I do not ask you to roward mo because I havo bean outraged, because I have boon insultod, because n lot ot Irishmen havo howled nt mo, (Great laughter,) 1 ask y«u to roturn me, beoaueo 1 havo honestly served you. His h.n. friend's claims Tiaro suoh as East Sydney had nevor disregarded. (Choere-"and nover will."; Ho (Mr. Oowpor) had boen Idontlflid with tho moajurca that had met tho approval of the country, and now' askod thole votes-not on any miserable sectarian cry-(much cheering)-which, if lt woro BUcco'Biul, would mako this country morounlabnbit nulo than tho worst patts of Ireland. Ho oama to servo thom bscuuae thoy conceived his services wero itt tho prc sont moment essential, (Boar, hoar ) Lot thom not forget that thoro wera mon boforo this oouotiluonoy who wtre insulting thoir intelligence (rbi om. ¡»nd critn of "no," und "yo»")~who ilnrrd to Introduce into thin tontont qua?tions thal would t"ar tum community from ono end tn tho olbnr, not r-v^ry man aguinrit hip, neighbour, nnd 'lo;tfSI ralii-iotiii_lohuitflne ?J^^i»iife»r^/wa^f.i¿II^^^M assurance wnleh bia pitt political farcir gave .-(cheeta)-arid let them put dewn ^theso who up a (pirie of dissension in the couuiry in refun i the manner which different people had of servin I God. Mr. Cowper, if ho went into the Lrgii i would iwpiro them with nil the oonSdence w long und illustrious political career could info j them (Oi,eon.j He would adc whether tbi ev,r hud a worthier lepiesenlativo than he, I of " Mover.") Let thom look to hie publio lil s e whether, during the whola of his lengthy I during which he had had to euc | ten _ times more oppoation tban I fawning hypocrite who taaw ta oppoao ht baa ever commit.id an act with whicb he justly be rc;prp¡iobed. (Great applause) Tbej toen told that a great crisis was at hand ; but h Djlity) never kuew the time when Mr. Parkes into candidature that there was not & great otis: tact his candidature oreated a crisis, i Applause.) Cowper had no body of men prepared to lay their lives for him, (Laughter.) They were prc to vate for him and ta live for him-(applonso) nut t.. dis fer him ; ho had too mach common to exptut that from them. (Mr. Dalley oa to eulogise the manaor in which Mr. Oowp< oausud thi colony to bs respected In England, conclusion, »r. Dalley expressed bia confidonci the eirotord would manifest thoir trust in and e for Mr. Uuwptr by returning him at tho top c poll, Mr. BATES scoonded the resolution, which woe put to tho moating by thc ohairmaa, aad it wa ried by au overwhelming majority, only about t hands being hold up against it. Mr. SAJMSIOKS then came forward. He said th was euro tbere was no man present who had not moved oy the heartfelt Bpoeah of his friend Dalle j, For himself, although he oonld not say I ho was a e m of the s di, all his dearest interests Meatifkd with'it, (Cheers.) He should, then 1 be glad to do a service to' the country by devoting ssl!', with others, to stay thu torr.n. of portuc «ad bigotry which now threatened them. ' could oeliere him to bo impartial and unprojud whun he ioid that ho had boen ouuoated clergy men of two scote, yet was not aided to ei Urary man aheiuld raise his voioe against thusa sougbt to create religious disB-nsione in this coui While, in the mother country, they beheld hor sti naen introducing liberal measured towardslhetq.ua tion of nil oreada aud ecole, they found, ia this o juutry, tout rum were willing und eager to raisi a di vis.ou among the people by fomontia; ri.lig discard. K.-ligion waa too sacred n il to bo mixed up with political conti Ho wuuld say that hu came forward a Arru advoca'.u ol'freo trade. ïreo trade was the of this groat city ; and they muet remember t whatever Sir James Martin might have eaid as to question of free trado aad proteotion being i lavolvud, that gentleman, to bu consistent, Would cotapoiied to introducá a measure for protection i: was returned to Parliament, It seemed to him t the advantages of free trade over protection were pl uaough. li was to t-iu intcreji of all that gt Bbouia bo brought to tba colony aa cheap OB posai (Otieets.) They had protection enough ta freight and insaranoe rb toa imposod u ?nape, ted goods. Holding these views, toen, he . como forward to seek thoir aufirages. rio Wuuld p. oat ihat tho rep ina which bad buen olroulated thu! undihutiu with whom ho was .associated wereopposei the I'ublic Schools Aat were unt ru... He should do be^t to preserve it in ita iutngrity. (Ohesrs ) A aol reason why lau hud oonio forward was, that ho dosi io promote a reform of tho law-not of that com oited kind which had reoently been proposed b. lâurufd ¿cu;.unana iu tho now¿i>»pera, but o£ a nat by whiua the law might be stripped ot oontr&aio.;:ons und aaumalios. iCheors.) If return this waa a matter he should saek to aacomplith, and carry.out which he waa willing to saorifiue mu (Oueert.j Ho would acknowledge that hu should proud to piase his name to a statuta of thia kind . boped that, should he reaoh th« years of his friend 1 Cowper, his public life might bs like his, (Cheers i applause.) Mr. KINO next spoke. Hs said that ha had tofcral cessions explained his views, and it ' thor, fora unnecessary todo BO again. It was now (lostness to explain how it was that ho appeared conneution with the Government. A gentleman h asked him how ho intended toga in, and ne anster, " By the doctors." He wau th<n told that in order mauro his return it was noeossiry ta make a pa eleotiua. This waa for the purpose ot his turn, and left him free aa ever wt returned. (Cheers) .Ia making his ohoioo, had bien unirnated br constitutional views. Ï leading principles maintained by tho Government w approved of by him. .lu allying himself, with t Government candidates, howover, ho was not violet! bis independence. (Oboers) The UiiAUtUAtr announced that Mr. Keals w unable to uddrosa thu meeting, from siokness- He oall upon Mr. Hale to move the noxt resolution, ' Mr HALE came forward and moved tho next roi lotion as follows: ''That this meeting.desiros oxproes its approval of the candidature (with A Cowper) of Messrs. Noulo, King, aad Sulomuue, as aud pruptr persons to represent the eleotor* of Ei Sydney ia the ensuing Parliament" Ho wou icmind them that, in order to ratify Mr. Cawpei eleotiun, it was inecestary to sand in men with hi who would support him. Messrs. King, Neale, ai Salomons wore all men who would support lioeral a uunstituiional prinolplos. Mr. Meale had alreai Mor.od thom ably aad honestly; Mr. King waa o of fit) moat üonourabJo merahants ot Sydne M hilo, if Mr Salomons acquitted himself Parliament as he did at tho oar, tho olectt would be proud of him- He had been glad hear Mir. oulomons' obeervalione touobing law roforn Mr. Buur seconded the resolution in terms ot coi mending the candidatos lief aro tho meeting. The Cn AI rur AA then pat tho ro-olulion to tho mee ¡cg, aaa it w.is carried with enthusiasm .Mr. SALOMONS then came forward and moved a vo of thauk» io tho chairman. Th» Han. JOHN-BoBiaTsarr, in .response to load au repeated calls, oamo forward, und waa grout with thunders of applause aa d ' waviug nats, which, l.otoi some minutes. He aai ovary maa lu that assembly must feat tho utmo: gratiflaatiou at the manner in which his old friuac Mr. Oawper, hod« been leoeived that evening, was nearly half-past 10 o'olook, aad h would, thorofoto, not tire their patient by making a epeoob. (Oríes ot " Go on.' He, ha we vor, hoped to have the opportunity in a da ur two of meeting them on the othor sida of Georg st ott, when be would go into an explanation of h viaws ¡md convictions on tba prosent stato of pub! uffaiis. (Cheers.) 'Whatever faults ho had, and h hud a great many-1( ' No"j-he could never beoharge with shrinking from the performance of any duty, n matter what tho coneequonoes might be, (Lou cheers ) Ho bolioved toe ouurao ha had taken 'vt tho right ono, nad hu hoped they woul uphold bira. (Cheers, A voice: Hew aboii Bjtay ?) He (Mr. Robertson) was never known t ulrike a woman. (Hoars of laughlor,} He had n Intention of saying ono unaind word of an; woman-(langhtei)-that night. The gentlemen whi so eloquently addrorced them that might were nov seeking election at tbelr hands. They had Air. Cowper, who had in farmer times obtained for them most of tho boons ' whioh thii country now enjoyed. (Cheers.) He obtained for them mauhooa suffrage, (Cheers.) He obtsmot tor them voto bv ballot-t(oheew)-and he obtained foi them tho land fa wai (Oheers; and "Mo.yougot that," Whatever he (Mr. Hoberteon) did in the Kay of obtain lng for thom the land laws, lt was with the abii asaistuneo of Mr. Cowper, aud without whioh thoj could never havo cesa carried into effect. ' Thoa the] had Mr. Neale. (Cheers,) He had watohed thal gentleman throughout the whole of his Parliamentary careor, and ho believed that a moro honourable, upright, worthy man never entered the walls of tho Assembly The noxs candidato was Mr. George King, who had ut last consented to sall in tho same boat with, tiarra, (OUeors ) It wes only right that the mercantile community should bs representad! in Parliament 'ihey did not want trie ti ouse Ulled with merchants, but they uught to bi (airly represented, und he believod Air. King was just tho mun thoy rtquired. Lastly, oamo Mr. Salomons, who was oil intelligent, able, and hoaest lawyer, i Cheeta and laughter.) Thoau were the gontiomen whom ho hoped they would on Friday choose as tbelr lepreaontauvas. (Load oratora.) The Hon. W. FOBSTKR was also called forward, and waa enthusiastically received. He joined his hon, Ir.end Mr. Kobartton in congratulating thom on tho splendid recopilan given to tho hore of the evening, Mr. Oowpor. Ho felt lt an honour -to ad dress BUoh a large assemblage in aivo oaoy of suob a man as Mr, libarles Cowper. Notwithstanding tho roooption they had noooidaa that night to tho gontiomen -who wuro bolaro thom, they had an opponent ot considerable strength in Mr, David liuobanan-(groans)-a mao whom ho was bound to respect Ho was a oindidute for their snflrages. Ii wu» passible that ba might bo sleoted.. (Cries ot " Mo, no.'') Ho (Mr. Forster) said possible, but . not prohabe; and hu (Mr. Buchanan; had taken it upon himself to express his disgust nt tho oonduot sf Ministers In laking part In eleotlons. He (Mr. Forster) had, howover, como forward ut their wlab, and ho must thoioforo loara tbo matter to bo sotilcd butwocn them and Mr. - Buchanan, (Voices : Wo NV ill.) But haw waa it pusslble for Minlslcis to ba elaoted, If they did not take part in olt'ctlons? It was not right that they should shut thora salvos up in thoir oflloes. It was thi ir duty to oomo out and ota the people, and learn thoir wishes sud Xi-quirtmonts, (Cheers.) Hu thought, therefore, that 1 tho courco they hud lasen wan nut nt all inconsistent « druggie in whioh tho- gentlemen who formed.- the leaders . ot the Tato Opposition wanted to get tbolr plaoes. Thor wanted to turn them rut. He did not sar that they were bettor fitted for the offices thoy held than the gntlemen he had referred to, but ho maintained that they were as gpod. (Obecra Voices: "Better.") What gotd would be dono to the country by putting them out, and sending in in their placea tir Jame« Martin, Mr Parkes, Mr. Bagar, and tho others? (Voice: "Keep the ghost out." Laughter) Tho onus probandi rested on three gentlemen to show why he (Mr. Forster) end his oollcagnes should not remain in power. ' The combina- tion acainst thom WOB an extraordinary one. Mr. Buchanan waa a free trader, but they found bim I allied with Sir James Martin, who was an honeet and riirid proteollontit. They had no polioy in common, and their opposition was purely a personal one. j Dnder all ihe circumstances ho hoped the oountry would properly respond, to tho appeal whioh was made to it, and ho hoped the eleotorsof East Sydnoy would elect as their representatives the gentlemen now before them. (Loud obeere. Cries of " Samuel,") . Mr SAMUEL then came forward and was also well received- (Voice: Give it to Betsy now.) Ha agroed with (he last speakor, that whatever might be the opinion of Mr. David Buchanan he thought that it. was their duty, as representatives, to meet the electors. He would not at that late hour detain them at any length. Hs, 'however, wished to refer briefly to a staScmoot put iorth by Mr. Esgar in his eddroee to thoelectors of Wost Sydney, tbat he (Mr. Samuel) had misrepresented the state of tho publia accounts. He assured them on hts word a* a man (a voice: An honorable one)-that that statement was untrae. (" So it is ") He (Mr. Samuoi) had roferred tho accounts to Mr. Bases, accountant, and Mr. Powell, Custom-house agent, two of the most effioient account- ants io the eity, and they had reported that Mr. Hagar was entirely wrong. He (Mr. Samuel) believed (hut the revenue would te quito sufficient to meet the rxpenditurn, with the abolition of the ad valorem duties. The whole of the candidates in favour of the into Opposition were for tho abolition of these duties; but why, he asked, did they not allow them tn abolish theso duties before, the House was dissolved? (Choera.) He tbeiofore hoped that they would exercise the franchise whioh thoy enjoyed, and return those to Parliament whj would servo them M hfully. Mr. W. R. Campbell then bmfly addressed tho meeting, and was loudly cheored. Tbe meeting waa brought to « dose with ohoon f or ihc Queen, tho candidates, and the ohairman, Wssr SïDsar ET-KOTIOW.-A roeetina t>f the friends und i'unportora of the Hon. Geoffrey Engar Motara. »V, C. Windeyer, William Spoor, and Joseph Wearne, was oonvonad for last evening, at tho Alaeonio Hall, end shortly bofoto 8 o'olook all the seats in the body of tho hall, tbo gallery, and platform were filled, it being entimated that a floating audienoa of mora than a thousand people was in attendance. Tao ohair waa occupied by Mr. Henry Clarke, who introduced the candidates to!tho meeting. The Hon. J. B.Wilson, Mr. Parkes, Mr. Piddington, and other ex-memburs wore present. Mr. YVearno, Mr. Speer, and Mr. Windoyer, severally addressed the meeting; but it waa near upon IQ o'olook when Mr. Hagar oommonoed to speak, and tho audience gradually thinned aa he prooeedod with hisaddross. Mr, W. Day moved a resolution to the effect that the gentlemen who offored themselves were flt and proper persona to represent the eleotors. The motion was seoonded by Hr. Heslett, when Mr. farkas, on being called for, spoko at some length, and tho masting having oartied. thd resolution gave three cheors for tbs Wost Sydney Bunch, three cheers for the chairman, and three cheors tor thé Quoen, and then separated. Sra JAMBS MABU* AT NEWCASTLE.-Tbo Now cietlo Pilot of yestordoy atates that tho largest and most disorderly meeting ever hold in Newcastle took pince on Tuesday evening, in the City Hall, on the occasion of Sir James Martin presenting himself as a o»ndiJate. Sir.James briefly addressed those prosent, although'from first to last he was interrupted. The chief portion of his speooh was ocoupied by remarks upon the oonduot of the Ker. Mr. Kenyon, who had warned th* electora front his pulpit against supporting Sir James Martin. Sir James denied that lt wai evor contemplated toiaterfero with nunneri.s, defended tho Publia Schools Aot. ridlouled Mr, Lloyd's free trade principles, stating that probation meant prosperity and happiness for the country. He was theo about to doliver hie opinions upon tbe questions of rotronohaunt und od valorem duties, when tho uproar became ec great that he wui compelltd to withdraw, saying that lia saw that it was the intention of Mr. Lloya's sup- porters to prevent fair play, but that he recognised tho oharaowr of these who interrupted him by the manner in which they aoted. He would not agiin addnsj the ulcctors until .the day of nomination. (1-ROK OOU OORBESPÛNDKHTi.) 'THE HUHTEB. Ifs. Boonie's UmiKa »T TUB fan.» -The Drat election musting In ooaneollon with the preiont general oleotlon wee Unis on Mond.? evening Int, at tn» fall» Hotel, on Ibu Oakhampton Uoad, wbeu Mr. A'lroil Buggle. one il tm u.ndldetts for tba Hamer. «dora»ied ue «loolor«. Tba meeting w.a one of tba most ordert; and ruapeoiablu uf too kino ever beld ia Wait Mallum , and was vary largely ailended. from three to four hundred persona being preaeni thereat Mr. J. lilley wave voted to thu cnolr, and briefly introduced the oiDdtuatato tho mooting. Ur. Bogala tuon rois, araldat load applause, and proceeded to daliisr . n addrese oí about two Moura damion. Ile roviaviod tb» »ot» ut tbe uartin- farkes Administration and donounoad thuin as lyrsunlosl and op^resatve. He promised, if elcoted, to go m ló support tb« KuberUonfJoveiumonl, tba raoet able and tba moat Uboral .Government th» colony hat aeon, fib.« aomlmant waa received with lively demonstration« of approval.] He Juatiuoj bia premiso io auppurt tue exiatlug Auu.lutBixâtlon on tba ground that ha had unltmitsd cou Hilo .oe lu Mr. llobarlion, wboae oonduoi aa a poililolan tia bad watched rortbo paai «eu year«. Hnforrlog to him sol/, Mc. Boggle denied tba ohargo Ibai ha ».» a political adventurer, and pledged himself not to tako cn uppoluttneut outside tbe waua of in» House. Ho «pia» of Ibo f»ot ..f bia having baon a lo.ldeut of ino Uuuter district for ¡eu years, and oballougedsny ona to aay ott,ht agatnitblm. If» outed, ho shuolii outer I'arllemonl iboroaguly iuaepsndent, sud prepared to do hattie to tba utmost of ble anility for lb« rights of-tho people. He waa a bitter oppou. ne lo despot- ism of every kind, and if roturuea, ho promu .oj tu in.ao ula voioo nug in tho Anaembly in donunoUuon ot corialu petty tjrante.that be knew of In tne oo.ony. He cl.lmed to Oe a. imo friend of tbe worKiog mou, wboae oauau he bad alway« defendod by bis voioo and by bia pon. Nothing would over oauae bim to «nerve from «nat bo believed to bo ibo atilot.llDo of duty. In oouolualon, Mr. lioggle appealed to ibo elootora of the Bunter to remember toe great privilege tbay enjoyed lu tba o.lliil, and urged upon "oem to bo sure and do th» right thing on tba polling-day. Sonia poreune would ese«, to Intimidate ana highton ibem, out they bad tba ballot, and ho hoped they would takeoara and not »boto tbat «sored pilvilegu-a privilege wbiah had baon purebaaed al a great coal, eunouo wblou ino haruy aonsof loll.ln me old uo..ntry wore eigblng for lu vaiu. tLoud oheore ) Air. Boggle 1 oioaad bia andreas umldei tb» loud and prolonged aoolsuiatlons of tao meatlug. _ On Ibo motion of Mr. Palrlok Moylan, ooco^dod lo several plaoes, aod anpported by JJr. Aldormau Oruer, li wa« unani- mously reaolv a that Ur. tloggia waa a flt and proper puraun to ropreaeui tba Humer ln.Pariiamont. Afier a Volo nf manks to theouslraen. Mr. Uuggis called fur three obuars for tbs Uueen, a cad wuloh waa heartily respuuund to. Luna »nu h.orty obeere were .Wen glveu for Mi. Hogg.id lim pro oouuings of the meeting woro brought to e. olu.e at uuuul halr-pm 10 o'olook. 