'THE LAUNCESTON TIMES.' Lsi ft ts (mpr«i-J «J»« rour mlndi—M It bt li rtUM (bto your eluldrsn, that Taa Luaarr «r rra Paaas U tne palladlam of aU the stiU, poUtlaal, tU nUtim* rlC« '' at EnglUhmui.— Jo»™ Umrr *atj'rerb lo bs prstUrat tosUnry wlta tsenrltv.— IHlwibt. to wuncunm. sVWs lo not Mentlf r onnelves with the opinion! 01 ourcorrasponqents. AU commnnloaUons to the Editor tor Insertion in the Cornwall Chronicle must be silluentloated by Uje&araeandaddrowof; the writer, not neoenarlty Tor publloatlon, but a. a guarantee ol good faltli. We ctnnot nniartaks to rsturn rsieoted oommunloa ? Hon.. jVednesdat, July 21, 1869. The report of the select committee appointed iu October last to enquire into the desirability of permitting Distillation in tliiB colony, calls for more extended remark than was given to it in our last issue. The subject 16 one upon which it is known that the opinions of public men very materially differ. In the first place it is one which strikes at the root of our revenue system ; and this objection it was which actuated the Government of Sir William Deni son in sweeping away the distillation iftwe that existed some years ago. When the question was raised dur ing last Session of Parliament it was well canvassed, and the various ob jections to it stated. During the sittkg of the select committee on manufactures it was also carefully considered, and a good deal of evi dence bearing- upon it was taken, ;he result being the appointment oC the Boyal Commission, the report oi which is now under notice. With that report we cannot express our selves very well satisfied. It is an exceedingly meagre document, deal ing with none of those important considerations which will have to guide the deliberations of Parlia ment, but simply recommending, that because 'distillation ie now permitted, under conditions pre scribed by law in New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia. Queens land and New Zealand ' therefore it should be permitted under similar conditions iu Tasmania, 'at a rate of duty not exceeding two thirds of the amount charged upon imported spirits.' If this report is such a one as will satisfy the advocates of Distillation tbey are welcome to it, and we think that Parliament may with safety, sanction the manufacture of spirits upon such terms, but we fear that as a repro ductive industry it will never assume very important proportions under such conditions, nor will it parti ;utarly stimulate production upon the [Anns nf trin ni\?nn«r 'Pda jin.«M.?*frA.* does not deal with ' the fiscal ques tions involved,' because this branch of the subject was not mentioned in their commission,' they omit ail consideration of ' the bearing of the_ mauufacture of spirits upon agricultural production, ' because 'ample evidence was taken on that vi«w of the questien bv Parliamen tary committees which have sat within a recent period,' and their ' enquiry has been mainly directed to ascertain the regulations under which distillation is prosecuted' id the colonies above named. When Hamlet in satirical confidence in forms bis friends that ' tb'ere's ne'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark, : but he's an arrant knave :' Horatio ' aptly replies, 'it needs no ghost, my lord, come from the grave to toll us that,' aud we think that the Government, Parliament, and the public of Tasmania, may well ncluim, that it needs no Boyal Commission appointed under Vice Jsegai authority, to tell them what the regulations are under which_ distillation in the various Colonies is carried on. A simple letter addressed by any enquiring citizen to the Inspector of Distiller ies in any Colony would probably ?ecu-re a copy of the Distillery regu lations in force, accompanied by information equally valuable to any which is to be found in the rpnnrt nf our Eoyal Commission. It may be valuable to have all the Begulations in a concise form, as they ore now presented to us, but to obtain them only by putting such tremendous machinery in motion is akin to the employment ol an elephant for the annihilation of a black beetle. It appear* self evident to us that there are other reasons than those stated, whatever they might he, for the barrenness of the report just sub mitted. It h a document which seems lo have been hurriedly dra and must prove eminently unsatis factory to those of our legislators who are awaiting its perusal to enable them to decide upon a very important question as affecting our agriculturists. The fiscal and agri cultural phases of the question are precisely those upon which information was required. We should have liked to know what descriptions of crop could be moat profitably grown in the colony for the purposes of distillation: what per centage of spirit each particular crop might be expected to yield, the quality of that spirit, and the suita bility of the refuse from the distil leries for the maintenance of cattle or the enrichment of the soiL An other very important question would have been as to the localities in which distilleries should be per mitted, and the means by which the excise revenue should be collected. Upon these points everything to a certain extent depend. If the former had, as Mr Charles Meredith once proposed, to cart all his produce from his farm to either the city of Hobart Town or the town oi Laun cestoa, and to cart back his refuse to feed cattle and manure the soil, he would derive very little benefit from the distillation lews, and the chief material for spirit manufacture would nmVtnriltT da Jmm. fMM xr ? . ? r ?— — ~».t Hvuiairuuvuiuisiir ltius. On this important point not one word appears in tbe report TJjea there is the important question of encouraging the industry by offer ing a trade bonus. This is surely a matter respecting which the Boyal Commission might have favoured us with an opinion, but upon it not one W»rd is eaid. All that we have is a recommendation ' that distillation be permitted from all and every pro duct of the colony fitted for the purpose, under regulations to be defined by law, at a rate o- duty not oxceeding two-thirds of the amount charged on imported spirits.' Supposing a measure to give effect to this recommendation were to pass into law, is it likely that it would become practically UBeful, or that colonial spirits could ever hope to hold their own against imported liquors ? We venture to say that tbey could not, and that the effect ot such a mea sure would as far tbe general public are concerned, be disadvantageous. A very inferior colonial spirit would be produced, and in place of being sold pure would most pro bably be used onlv to adulterate the Buperior productions of Great Britain or Continental Europe. Manufac tured chiefly from sugar or moltwses it would benefit the agricultural population but little, the collection of excise duties would be expensive, and would greatly reduce the amount of revenue to be derived from it, and tbe general consumer would suffer by the existence of an inferior article in the market. If the Hoyal Commission have no batter reasons to submit for the introduction of distillation than those giveu iu tlioir report, we think it would be unwise to inter fere with the law as it exist* ; but we believe that better reasons can be adduced, and that Distillation might be permitted in Tasmania upon terms far more liberal, with the most substantial advantage to die Colony, We shaii probably .return to tins subject on an early occasion, Goveunments are supposed to act ou the Jove-like principle of' helping those who help tlicuaelves ' ; but of course there must be exceptions to all general rules, and the Executive Government of Tasmania volun tarily offers to make a most extraor dinary exception, in favor of the so called 'Tasmanian Public I/ihrary.' At the annual meeting ot the sub scribers to that institution the Colonial Treasurer slated that the sum of £1710 2s lOd, which has ituieu mw we u&nas; ot tue \jo verument would be placed at the disposal of the library trustees, con ditionally that £200 should be ex pended in the purchase of books, £500 in furnishing a new library, rod the balance to be vested in the Irustees for the permanent endow ment of the (fbrary,' and for some inexplicable reason he further eaid 'it was most important that this matter shouid be pressed forward without delay.1' In looking around (or some cine to the reason for ;|,;a remarkable act of liberality on the part of the Executive Government, ire confess our utter inability to dis f.QV&r; shriA ?altirlis'iaef rnriiiitJ £*?* ** On tha contrary, we are forcibly re minded of numerous reasons why this partieuUr sum «f money should not bo thus disposed of. In the first place Parliament voted a lsrge sum of money out of the General Revenue to pay certain debts left by Mr Bicheno as a legacy to the colony with his library. Tbe latter was then handed over to Trustees for the neuent ot tbo people of Hobart Town, and they so mismanaged tliB munificent gift that the library has been lying entombed for some four or five years past in the malt house of a benevolent ex-Mayor, who kindly offered that as a refuge for theunappreciatedliterature. Neither the sarcasms of '- Puuob,' tbe jibes of visitors from the other colonies, nor the exertions of those who felt deeply these stings rejulted in any successful effort to release the library from its state of degradation. Is such a spectacle as this, furnishing such direct evidence of the absence of all public spirit, self-reliance and self-help, the proper occasion for eliciting the voluntary aid of any Government? Will such a marked misappropriation]of funds which Mr Chapman eay's 'has fallen into the hands of the Executive.' not have a most demor alising effect upon the Municipalities and public institutions throughout the colony, from which the same Erecattve withdrew all grant«in »id ? In raiftippropriatiag this £1,710 2s lOi, the Executive prac tically soy ' Do nothing for your selves ; allow your affair* to drift ipto * state ol bankruptcy, with a lien on what public property may have been entrusted to you, and wo will then aid you with the first sum of morjey which ' may fall into our hands/ and which we can misappro priate without the consent of Parlia ment I1' Again, tbe greater portion. if not the whole ol this £1,710 2s lOd has ' fallen into the hauds of the Government,' under the Es cheated Property Act, the bulk ol it from property confiscated to the Crown in thi tmtn of Launceston, yet it ib all to be swept away to reward the culpable apathy, the disgraceful indolence of tbe people of Hobart Town. We appeal to the citizens ol the Southern - metro polis themselves to say whether there is any semblance of justice in such misappropriation of public iunda as this. Is there a man amongst them so tost to all feeling of eelf-respect as to accept a gift under such ques tionible circumstances? If so, we should like to hear how he justifies either the receivers or the — convey- ancers of the *?i,? 10 2b lOd. Tbe library at the Mechanics' Institute, Launceston is practically a public library. The building, one of the laddeomest nublic buildinm in the colony, was erected by funds raised by public mbscriptioa with but small aid from the Government. The list of subscriptions to the building food, show that tbe fund wan made up of DumerouBuub-criplioDS of &\ 00, £50. £25, £20, £10, and £5, and that list will remain a standing memorial to the public spirit, self-reliance, and tbe liberality of the people of jaunceston. The benefits of the Mechanics' Institute have been en joyed by the body of annual sub scribers, on terms go low at to place them within the reach of all classes, and visitors are admitted to the reading rooms free. Formerly a small grant in aid was voted to the In stitute by Parliament ; that has been withdrawn for several years, but still the Institute is self support ing and adding annually to ite valu able library. When the grants in aid to the Launcestou Meobatuca' Institute and Horticultural GurdenB were withdrawn, tbe grants to the Boyal Society, the Boyal Society's Gardens, ami Museum gt llohs.it Town were all ooatiuued, on the plea that these were national institutions, and we presume the library now in ' durance vile' in Mr. Walker's malt house, must bo looked upon as another naliona) institution. What's in a nanisf In this case just £1710 2a. 103. which ban 'fallen iuto very bad hands,' indeed, if the holders of it place that amount at the disposal of those who haye proved themselves so utterly un worthy of such liberal aid, The Committee of the Mechanics' Insti tute finding that Launceston had contributed most of the £i 710 under tbe ' Escheated Properties Aot,' applied for u portion of tho amount to enable them to effect some repairs and renovation (o the building, and to purchase some standard works for ' the use and benefit of the public ; but up to the present hour, we be lieve, the Executive Government, into whoso hands the £1710 2s. 10d. has unluckily 'fallen,' have not con desceuded to favor the Committee with a reply, and in the interests of the people of Lauuceston we con sidor it our duty to place the facts of this very extraordinary stretoh of power on the part of tho Execu tive Government before the public We have been favored by thfi Hon. ?Tames Whyte, Esq., M.L.C., with a copy of a draft ' Bill for the pre vention of disease in sheep, called scab,' prepared by liiin will) the view of bringing it before Parlia ment during the ensuing session, and as this is a mo6t important question, not only as rcganls lho sueepowning class but the interests of the public at largo, wo publish the draft bill in detail in another column. Tlie immense annual ion to the colony arising from the un checked ravages of thin Aieaaaa ur gently calls for legislation, but there will be considerable diversity of opinion as to the extent of stringency required in such a measure to render it effectual. Much ignorance remains erea amongst sheep on-ners on this point, and the im- j parlance of the subject demands full ventilation. The bill as now framed would involve compulsory dipping ?or eighteen months under comneteo and experienced inspectors, and it is supi-osed this alone would clear one- bajf, probably two-thirds of the sheep in the colony from scab. The more stringent clauses of the act it should be noted are not to oome into operation until after tbe temporary provisions for allowing f»t sheep to go to market— even when there is a doubt of their being clean, and it shall be held unlawful for sheep to travel unless they are absolutely clean. By that time so Jargs a num ber 'of sheep will have been proved clean, that the supply ot mutton will not be cut off from the towns at any period, though this would be the result if a stringent act was brought suddenly into operation. The difficulty of collecting all the sheep at onoe, on some runs, will be urged as a strong argument against the operation of the act, but if there shouid be extra difficulty on some rough and scrubby runs, a differ ence should be made in tbe mode of dealing with the sheep on them. Many intelligent nroDrietors of «hn,.n runs have long been in favor of a Scab Act, with provisions to suit the circumstances of this C.lony, and tbo draft bill now published seems eminently calculated to effect the desired object with the least possible inconvenience to the «hecp sirne™, and every other class in the community. Sib Rioiubu Day.— Wo d-iep]y regret to Bod that JJie heihii of .Sir Hicbvd Dry is in a inost precarious state siuce his return to Hob*rt Town. Sympathy {or iu sifferings arena-pressed on erery hind, sad hopsa for Ijis speedy reovery tu health. Yesterday morning tins following telegram w«s received hem from tbe Attorney-Ueneral by one of Sir Richard Ory't personal friends, wlio did not obieet to oar miking u»e of the Intelligence for public information.— 'Ho but Town, Tuesday, 20tU July, 1809, 10 a.m ? Sir Richard Drv u no better this morniog, and is now in a most crilicil state. Doc tors Agnew, Sutler, and Bright era in attendance, and one of them i- conatautty in the house.' At four o'clock til. fot lowing was addei :— ' I have just returned from Sir Kichard Dry's residence. He it not wons, but there is no perceptible change for tbe better. He hts retained tome nourishment, and this is looked upon as hopefuL' At ~ pm, we re ceived the following telegram from our own correspondent!: 'No material change in Sir Kichaxd Ory's state since morning. He reUiard a little nourishment, but his case is considered almost hopeless. (Several medical cousultatlons have been Vlp\t\ Wtt tin lifr nnnorsnttn _n_ !.„-.. B^-| result to thefpatieut.' The Telegraph Office was opened at Jl o'clock last night In the hope that it would cciurer news of Borne improvement in Sir Richard's con dition, but no change cf either a favour' tblo or unfavourable nature was reported. Tbe Fisar TijrF on thb LkmtQEsrotr IND Westers iUjlwat.— Mesira uver end and llnbb, contractors for tbe Western llailway, hare issued a large number o invitations to a disttuguiaued party, to males the 6«t trip on the line on Thurs day, the SOth instant, Tbe invitations include His Excellency the Governor, the members of the Ministry and Houses of Parliament, the Judges, the Bishops ant clergy of all dtuomiiMtiont, the Karon tnd Aldermen of HobartTown and Linn ceston, Wardens of MnnicipaUtids, Go vernment officers, the Directors. Eusi nosrs, aud Commissioners of tha Uailwly, member* ofjth» lega\ medical profession*, and gentlemen representing the commer cial, agricultural, and pastoral interests of tbe colony. The train will consist of waggons cpecitlly fitted up for the trip. It will .tart from the terminus at ten o clock sharp on Thursday morning -to morrow week— and proceed as far at the Unemaybe ballaatedatSt.l-Mnard'a From theaoe the party will be conveyed jo carnages to Jjongford, to inspect the extensive works in progress there. On the return of the twin the party will dine in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute. The arrangements for this important re-umon and commencement uf a nsw era, have been placed Iu the bands of gentlemen (oily competent to Mrrr the whole through In a thoroughly Btjataetorymiaaer, B»UY Mb Dinni'i Perils it Tut M« comics' lKsTiTOw.— The outmsinmeot aiven by Mr A. Barrett's pupils, iu the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute yesterday erenini; was successful in Rrati Tying o very large audience, tbe hall being filled from the platform to tbe doori, Tbe programme contained a ereat variety of recitations and songi, ana two excellent scenes—' Tiie ilisor punished' and the immortal arena from Diel»n«- great work, ' Tbo posthumous papers of the Pickwick Olub—Mr Nupkius'i I Court of Justice.' The characters were well austained by Abaters Judson, Morrison, Castler, I-w. J. Birmtt, Mil!*, Valles tine, Atkinson, and Roily. Some of the pieces of recitation, parti cularly ' Misadventures at Mar galo, 'The Spanish Champion,' and ' Little Jim' were very Saely rendered for elocutionists so young. The vocal part of tbe entertainment was particularly good, tbe songs ' No ono to lore, ' Why do summer roses fado.' ' Beauti ful Info of the Sea,' and ??ComoKo'-- Fatuor,' by l,dv a,Br,toS7;, ijoina »eTv deljghtfullv .anj. Mr. At. A. Cl»rv reoited ?? f bo Bridge of Sighs,' ?' HodRe and the V.car' 'The Exile uf Krin,' end ' Modern Logic' performed a solo on tbe piano forte, and tung ' Pulling hard against the stream,' and ' Kitty Clydo,' iu a manner that elicited general an. plauso. Mr. Oast proposed a rote of thaulfs tq Afr. JJjrrctt. aud l\t* pu,pi|s, and to }bo Lady amateurs end Air. Oleary. flic voto wss carried by accla mation and vociferons cheers. Mr. Bar rett acknowledged tbo compliment luuj I paid bin and his pupils dy returning I thinks, and l[r. Chary returned UjaoVi ] on behalf ol tho Lady Amateurs ond I himself, Insolvent Oouet, — Tlio following meeting^ are set down for Thursday the SSnd mstiiut :— First meetings— In re Sophia Elizabeth Goodwin, of Liun castoii, nniitiug proprietress; Jn re Frm. aa W»l»h, ot Uelnraine, f»r.ner. Ad Joiuned 1 first meeting-/, « L'humai Kar. rell.of Table Ojpe. farmer. Adjourned meeting on dischatge. — In re James l*eclt of Draadalbane, fariusr; In re Stewart Smlllie, of Westwood, fanner. SrainKNT op Rtv'KriOB.— A compant tin etatemint of tbe general rcveuue of the colony for tbe June quarters of 1I0S ind iSCa is published in v»-i.,J..'. Hohart yb»» Gaittl,. This shws * ii?rt Inoraata ou the last quarter, in inland revenue, of .. 0,060 17. 1 id, and of £11,612 Os 2d,;ii-cluding rereuue from all sources but then ia a decrease uf £91-2 7s fid on tbo' territorial or land rermnie for the Mine period. The statement of expenditure of the general rcveuue for tbo post quartsr shows payments made to tbe amount o £59,743 ISs. Tim balance sheet ahows the -3ei-t til the cuiony cbsrgesble to fftae ral retinue to have boeu t4nu 13!) 12a 7d when carried forw»rd to 1st Jsumarv. LB09. AceiDiNT at st. Ltojjard's. — On Sunday last ifr Samuel Belling was driving from his resideuce -tt White Hills to his lather's resideoos at St. Leonard's, nccomnsniod by his wife, brother, and Bister, in a chaise oart. On turniug the corner into the main street of St Leonard's the off wheel went iuto the side drain and the cart upset, threw the horse down, and all the occupant* out'of the cart. The accident caused a considerable amount of eicitemeut amonmt tho lareo tomrreirn. tion just then coining out of cburcE, but no serious damage was done to any of the occupants of the vehicle or the horse. One of tbe shafts of the cart was broken tnd part of tbe harness. WiausTAN CHDitog Casxigastrt akd goueMtsstojrFuMB.— A public moetiuit was uem on Monday evening in the Wes leyan Church, Patterson-street, on behalf of this mission fund. Tbe attendance was large. John Oroofces, L'sq , occupied tuechair, and tbe report was lead by tbe llev. J. llarcourt, with tho Treasurer's statement showing, after an expenditure of £UiM !Si ed, a balance due to the JWsirrar of £ICS 6s Sd. Tho meeting wa» addressed by the Jlev. N. Bennett, Joseph \\\ bite, aud J. Hutchison. On the motion of the Hon. W. U. Qrubli. seconded by tbe Hev. J. Whltn. a vnr* nf thanks was putted to the chairman. A puW'1 jne«inif In aid ot the fund was bold at Uelorsino yesterday ereniug, and others will be held at Westbury this even ing, aud at Longford to morrow evening. Dr. L L. a*d TnE PnortssioN.— On Saturday Dr. ,L. L. Smith was eerved with a atimruons, issued upon an infor watiiHi laid by MrS»|iwinteudent Prop sting, charging him with practising as « physician without being duly registered in accordance with the Medical Practi-. wiieiV Regulation Act. It has been known for some d»j-» that »uch a pro ceedmg -n contemplated, and a good deal of astonishment haa been expressed that a gentleman so weU-knuwn tlirougb out Australia as ? legal qualified raedicil m»o should bs subjected tosseh an indignity because be hapucua to have paced bis skill and experience at the diaposaf of a fe» who daiie to consult imi during bia brief visit to the coluuy. We refrain from expressing «n opinion upon the case, while It Is pending, but it is an fitM'irdinary one, and should be closely watched by the public— Monday's Mercury. * Sij. RicfunD Drv — We regret to hear thatiw Hiehsrd Dry. the holf the Oil,.. nmi secretary, is seriously indisposed. He randa a visit last week to Linucestun when, being seized with a severe attack' uf toothache he had the tooth extracted, tnd this seems to hRre affected his whole perrous Byatero, and he is now aufferine f™m disease of the hoart. Dr. Agnew and Dr Boiler are m attendance, and it s hoped ho will Boon bo convalescent, lie was rather better this mornine There sno truth whatever in the rumours of ai« iimuutu lonrtu.eui iram toe nenci ol ie government. The paragraphs to that effect m some of the papers are ainpiy wnards.— Ete»i»s Mail ol Monday. VELOCIPEDES--Quite a sensation was created in Collins-street, Hobart Town, on Saturday afternoon, by the appearance for the first time of several velocipedes. The first which came out was a small bicycle, made by Mr Burdon, of Argyle street, somewhat upon the French model, This was navigated by a son of the maker who gives promise of soon becoming a proficient, although his preliminary evo- lutions were certainly rather eccentric. A four-wheeled velocipede, belonging to Mr Oldham of Argyle-street, and which was imported from London some years ago, next took a spin under the manage- ment of a gentleman who contrived to do a couple of comfortable ' spills,' much to the satisfaction of a considerable crowd of juvenile beholders. Mr M'Pherson, coach- builder, of Collins-street, then made his appearance with a tricycle on a somewhat improved principle, the motive power being obtained by cranks placed on the steering wheel, as in the case of the bicycles. Instead of the rider sitting astride the bar he is accommodated with a comfortable seat, pushing the cranks from him instead of treading downwards as in the ordinary machines The velocipede used by Mr M'Pherson was an experimental affair made with the wheels of an old buggy, merely to try the principle. This we think, may, with a few slight alterations, prove successful. A handsome tricycle was also turned out from Mr M'Pherson's yards, to the order of Mr W. Green. This is the French bicycle, which arrived by a recent trip of the Southern Cross altered to a three- wheeler. We did not see the machine but it seems one which would answer well. It is evident that velocipede riding requires a good deal of skiII, and we re- commend aspirants to practise well before trusting themselves on their machines in public— Mercury, Fcekob 4HD Eooormos Clasm*.— The committee of tbt Mechanics' Ib-M- tuto having allowed Mr M. A. dewy the use of the class rooms,heisnow prepared oform juniur and adult cuusea, the former for morulug aud tbe Utter for ?renioff »tt»nd»nc9. Ladies or gentlemen who may be desirous of joining the classes now in course of formation are requested to com miuucat* with .the SecreUry, Mr W, F, Os'L L Smith and Tfli La. trrrossroy OottTOBWiox.— We have received » letter from the Town Clerk of Ltuuoes ton, under date 18th inst, in reference to tho letter of Or. L L. Smith published by os on the previous day, stating that be had »Dt withdrawn bis action against the Corporation of that town. The Town Clerk encloses copy of a letter from Messrs. tiocher aud ftooher, solicitors to Dr. Smith, dated latb insfc, addressed to bliosell, to tbe effect that the writ waa ' withdrawn, aud that be need take no notice to it' On receiving this letter we communicated with Dr. Smith, who statei that he has not stayed proceedings, lie handB us a letter addressed to himself by Messrs. Uocher aud Kocber on tbe 16th iint., informing him that they ' hare withdrawn the summons iu order to avoid any cbnnoe of defeat upon a technical point, namely, as to giving one month's notice before comme'''-' action,' Tlie pron« —-.uu the states -?- . «?- unties, Mr llocbor , uu since bren given, and tbe Eromra cb- mb ahd m smn,1RT „» «»«,OK.-gBs.tBfjv ^i, w™, Wn, Soal-eBadh, .tartei , flu. *£ o ' tUo Mom Hoad, to which the ijiirer imo» Uiatclr gave chase, driving it K\mg „ ttr ^ fp^Z%TAt'.P^T^ c mrii, luslonej to tin- irorse vj»lt.« on the «^«4f«o4MliU-rflito-lier.ii,i,i /«.„,(,„ WraQor-sblp MlUurnedoutto be »d-' hr.. it i, ^U^XZuZ 'Avery'witb bit i(.nr.!,..h»nd ,., i, the death, bring rttLer .urpri^Jto flo3 .' 