I FBISAT. Aran 28, :*i , I EXAMINATION. OF P. T, BABNTJM. The examination of Mumler, te day, again oaased the Bpeoial Sessions Court- room In the Tomba building ' to be crowded. ? I P. T, Barnum, iras oalied and testified : I reside at No. 438, Fifth-ave, corner of Thirty-ninth-s'.reet. ,1 hare devoted a portion of my lifo to tho deteotion of * burnings. I have not pprsonnlly had any interview with Mr. MHmler. ' Mr. Geary: Bid you ovor havo any correspondence with Mr. Marnier on the sabjeot of spirit photo graphs ? Tl ero waB correspondence botveen us, but I think the lotters wero burnt in tho museum. After Boma disons*¡on on forensio points, witness catii : The correspondence waa dot od in Boston daring tho timo Mr. Marnier was in the employ of the large jowellory Arm of Bigloivo Brothers and Kennard. He wis one.a;ed themas engraver. I do not remember the first nama of Marnier, and have never seen him until to-day ta my knowledge. The letters I reoeived from Mr, Mumlor were all dated from Boston. The substance of tho correspondence was this, I was about to write a book representing tho hnmbngsof the world, and I Kioto Mr. Mumler that I was going to expose the humbug of spirit photographs, and that I wished to purohnso specimens of bia so-called spirit photographs for the Museum ; I baliove Marnier had no studio at this time. I bought a number, giving 2 dollars a piooo for them, and they wore hung on tho walla of the Museum for throe or four years. Among them were the so-calledspiritual appearance of Napoleon Bonaparte and Henry Clay, nod the positions of tho figures were exactly Uko tho well-known engravings of theso person- ages. The title of my book «ns tho " Humbugs ot the World." All tho chapter relating to spirit photographs referred to this Mumler. I went yester- day lo Mr. Bogardus's gallery, and asked bim if he could take a spirit photograph,, telling him that I did not want any humbug about it. Ho said ho oould do it. Ioxaminod tho glass, and discovered nothing in it. I saw tbe proooas of pouring over tho first liquid, and afterwards the pouring ovar of nitrato of silver, and then s.tw it placed in the oamera. When done it had my likoness and the shadow of Abraham Lincoln. I saw tho ghost of Lincoln as soon ns it WOB developed in tbe dark room. I waa unconscious of any spiritual presence. ,, uross-oxamiueci : J. nave never Been ia any uumoug business, where I did not give value for tho money."" Thoso spirit photographs vrero labelled " hdmbag" on tho walls of my museum. Tho woolly horse was a remarkable reality and curiosity. It was exaotly what I represented it to ba, having a peculiar form and ourled hair. It was exactly a woolly horse. It was not a horse " woolled over." The horse was " born" exactly aa ho was when exhibited in my Museum, and there was nothing artificial about him. Q Were tl o representations of that horse, through your pjpor or through any of your printed matter or representations otherwise issued, for the purpose of deoeiving tho people? A. No: as far as the horse waa oanoerned, it was naturally a " woolly horse." Tho mermaid, at the time I exhibited it, was repre- sented to tho publia to be exaotly as it waa repre- sented to me. I never had reason to doubt that it was what I represented it, Q. Have yon never prcsonted to the public matters you knew to bo untrue, and taken monoy for the ex- hibition of spurious onriositior. A. I think I may have given a little drapery with it sometimos. (Laughter,) Q. How about tho norse of Goorgo Washington. Did you believe she was tho porson you represent ber to bo ? A. I havo no boliof about it. I bought her ns snob, and the bill of salo has nevor beon disproved. I bought and paid 1000 dollars for her, but before sho got through I might bava had some little doubt upon the subjeot. (Laughter.) 1, Q, Waa this doubt ovo.' suggested to tho pnblio? A. 1 never pnt myself out of tho way about it, (Laughter,) Q, Did you ever know, excopt from hearsay, that Mumler was ever in the employ of BIglow, Kennard, and Oo. A. I only know from hearsay. I wrote to Mnmler and got a letter baok signed Mumler, and if I saw bis handwriting I think I ahould know it. Mr. Kennard told me that Mumler was a smart fellow that ho deoeived the pnblio with bis spirit photographs, and charged 10 dollars npieco far them Mumler-Th ufo false. Q. You novar Baw Mr. Mumler Î A, I think I have told you so forty time;. (Laughter.) \- Q. And yet you say that this is the Mumlor who wroto the letters. How many loiters did you bavofrom bim ? A. Perhaps two or tbreo, Q, Would it satisfy you if au assertion was made by Mr. Mumlor that ho, had uover written to you in his lifo ? At I wrote to him, and hud letters baok. To Mr, Gorry : I went to Mr. BogarduB's gallery, and askod if he oould produce the likeness of tho nur.o of George Washington. He said he had not enough of vitality left, but hs could do it at soma other time. I havo no doubt ho could. (Laughter.) Tho humorous manner in whioh tam witness gave his testimony olioited considerable laughter from tho audienoe. Tho casu was again adjourned. 