COLLECTIVE WISDOM OF NEW SOUTH WALES. IV. "I see a stranger is the House." — Newspaper report. IT seems now, that tbe calm of the last two weeks was a deceitful one, and only the forerunner of a storm. The clouds have already made their appearance, and the tempest is fast gathering up, although it has not yet burst upon the House. Things have been pretty orderly up to the present, but at any moment disorder may supervene, and before the end is reached there will be a very considerable tangle. After the no quorum of Friday, the 15th, there was a general meeting of the Opposition members, when a definite line of conduct was decided upon. What that conduct was became manifest on Wednesday, when, at the end of his speech on the Budget, Sir James Martin announced that he and those who acted with him would not vote one shilling of the Estimates, or come to any decision upon the financial proposals of the Government, referring all these matters to their constituencies, and leaving them to be dealt with by the next Parliament. After that hon, and learned gentleman's speech, there was a meeting of the Government and their supporters, and on their side they came to a conclusion of how they were to act in the face of this declaration of hostilities. Although mattrs are in this state the debute on the Budget continues to be conducted regularly, and hitherto has been well sustained, al- though the speeches have been made more for the constituencies than for the House, and have been electioneering addresses rather than arguments on the question before the House. On Tuesday evening the House was counted out very early, and no wonder, for anything more wearyring than the discussion which then took place I never remember to have heard. Just imagine the important subject of Law Reform being brought under notice by Mr. J. Stewart, and supported by Mr. R. Stewart, whilst it was met by Mr. Robertson and opposed by Mr. S. Brown. There is a galaxy of legal talent to deal with the questicn! Why, adamantine members could not have stood such a complication. By the way, I was very glad to see Mr. J. Stewart get his change from Mr. S. Brown: for a set down now and again will not do the member for Illawarra any harm. He is very tenacious about having due attention paid to his speeches, and, without reference to Speaker or Chairman, keeps order for himself by abrupt little, remarks, that generally have the intended effect. He began with Mr. Robertson, by saying: "The hon. Premier had better either be quiet or leave the Chamber, I don't care which." Mr. Robertson only laughed; but two or three minutes afterwards, Mr, J. Stewart was at Mr. S. Brown, by declaring: "When the hon. member for Newtown has done, I will go on." This remark entirely disturbed the equanimity of the hon. gentleman referred to. Jumping to his feet, he claimed the protection of the Speaker: "I was not interrupting the hon. member in any way," he declared, "and it is a piece of uncalled-for impertinence on his part to make each a remark." Poor John Stewart finding that he had caught a Tartar, where he had thought to find only a quiescent victim, crumpled up, made no retort, but continued his speech as if nothing had happened. In his speech Mr. J. Stewart had recommended that lawyers should be made to tender for the conduct of a suit, at a fixed sum. This was opposed by Mr. S. Brown, as being something terribly unprofessional, and very much against the interest of lawyers, "for " he continued, " if the attorney has a client as persistent in carrying out his views as the hon. member for Illawarra, he would be continually going to his lawyer carrying his pet lamb of a case in his arms." And the hon. member gave a sigh: as though lamenting over the paucity of clients of this description. Persistent as Mr. Stewart undoubtedly is, I question if he is weak enough to take a lamb, pet or otherwise, to a lawyer, as he must know that he would bring it back shorn, if not worse. There is amongst betting men an expression well understood in the Ring — "skinning the lamb." The black sheep of the law might possibly adopt the policy of the blacklegs of the Turf, and the poor little pet lamb when it had no more wool to shear would to a certainty have to leave behind its skin. After this valuable dissertation upon law from such eminent authorities, there was a long string of private motions, the half of which would have been sufficient to frighten away hon. members even if they had not had to endure the previous debate. On Wednesday, when the House went into Com- mittee of Ways and Means, the rising of Sir James Martin to speak on the Budget was ominous. The appearance of tbe leader of the Opposition, instead of Mr. Eagar, or Mr. Piddington, . who usually speak on financial questions, was proof that something more was intended than a mere reply to Mr. Samuel, and was a kind of warning of the announcement that was made at the end of the hon. gentleman's speech. That announcement I have already mentioned, and I must say that the Govern- ment did not seem in any way astonished when it was made. It looked very much as if the Government' knew that the Opposition were only playing with them, and that they themselves were more surprised . than any one else at the easy way in which their bills had hitherto progressed. And, by the way, in refer- ence to Sir James Martin's speech, I may here ask a question which has more than once suggested itself to me, — Why is it that the hon. and learned member will so pertinaciously insist upon attacking the mer- cantile community of Sydney? I do not think they have ever shewn themselves particularly inimical to him. On the contrary, as far as I can remember, their leanings have rather been towards him than towards those whom he new opposes. And yet the hon. and learned gentleman can never enter upon any financial question without running a-muck — I like that expression, it is so peculiarly par- liamentary, and has latterly become a most fashion able descriptive term with our legislators — without running a-muck, then, at the "merchants, traders, and hucksters," as he terms them. No one is as- tonished when Mr, Robertson has a go in at every- body in general whenever the humour takes him; but Sir James Martin never goes out of his way to do more in attack than is absolutely necessary for his defence, except in the case of the "merchants, traders, and hucksters." He came down upon them very heavily on Wednesday night, quite unnecessarily, since no object was to be gained by it. On the con- trary, he ought to know that such needless attacks must be politically prejudicial to him, especially at the present time. Besides this, it is well known that these "merchants, traders, and hucksters" form the weak point in Sir James's character, and he is more frequently trotted out in this direction than he either suspects or would be willing to acknowledge. In remarking upon the police reserve proposed by Mr. Robertson, Sir James Martin observed that amongst the stalwart farmers' sons spoken of by Mr. Robert- son, there would be found to be no applicants for situations in this reserve, except such as had a weak ness for other people's cattle. In replying to this, Mr. Samuel contrived to twist this assertion into a rather serious charge, "Let it be known," said he, "that the hon. member for Lachlan has accused all the young men of this country with being cattle stealers. Let it go through the length and breadth of the land that such is the hon. member's opinion of the sons of the farmers of the country." Of course, we all know very well, that for party purposes, it is by no means unusual to misrepresent the language of apolitical opponent. Where the misrepresentation, is calculated to strike a blow at the popularity of a public man, it is a dodge often resorted to by un- scrupulous partisans. But then it is always a kind of dirty work, and in well regulated Governments is never done by Ministers of State. It is usually left to the lowest amongst the understrappers, to men who have little character to lose by the discovery of the trick. Thus when Mr. Samuel came out with this dis- tortion of a charge, I was sorry to see him put himself in such a position. No doubt it furnishes any amount of mud to fling at the next general election, but it is to be regretted that the hon. Treasurer should have dirtied his hands by mixing it. Mr. Eagar indulged in a bit of facetiousness on Wednesday night, when, alluding to the statement made by Mr. Cunneen at the Windsor dinner, that there had been a saving of £114,000 made on the Estimates by the present Administration, he expressed a doubt whether that assertion had not been made under vinous excitement, consequent upon the occa- sion. He told the House he did not know what the effect of the vinous excitement was, for he had never suffered from it, and touched up this point in. a way to induce more than one laugh. However, he had to pay rather dearly for his joke, for he brought Mr. Robertson down upon him rather heavily. That gentleman spoke first on Thursday evening, and took this little bit of fun as personal to him self or his friends or his party, or to the whole of them collectively, and felt it his duty in con- sequence to knock Mr. Eagar into the innermost depths of a cocked hat. " The hon. member," said he, "accuses us of wax- ing warm with wine; but I may say that frequently as this charge has been made, I have never seen any thing of tbe kind in this Chamber. If there has been, such a thing, I have never seen it. There has certainly been far less of that sort of thing here than there is in similar bodies elsewhere. I have not seen it. But I'll tell you what I have seen. I have seen an hon. member tuck a napkin under his cliin, and sit him- self down before a roast pig, and feed off it till he was nearly bursting, and he could hardly see out of his eyes. That I have seen. The hon. member says he does not tnke wine; but t have seen him take wine, and I have seen him about us comfortable after, his wine as any man could desire; and I have seen him about as uncomfortable, after a feed of pig, as any one would wish not to be. Then there is another hon. member who cheered the member for West Sydney, who goes in for water and abuses those who take wine. Well, I have seen that hon. gentle- man gorge himself with cabbage and greenstuff, and come into the House with his whole figure distended and his eyes bursting from his head, from a bout out of cabbage. Now, whilst the hon. gentlemen are taking to task those who take a little wine or a little spirits, because they have not stomachs large enough for gormandising upon pig or cabbage, or green-stuff, we never hear them say a word about their own propensities. Some men require to take their food and sustcuance in smaller doses, and of a more sustaining kind than either pig or green stuff, and so they took wine or brandy, because they have not the same capacity for gorging as hon. members oppo- site. They are compelled to condense what they take into smaller compass. Let me be understood. I am not angry with the hon. gentlemen because they prefer roast pig or green stuff to wine or brandy, but, if I prefer a glass or two of wine, or half a tumbler of brandy to a feed of pig or green-stuff, I don't see why I should not be permitted to take it." Mr. Piddington might well ask, as he did, "What has all this to do with the financial debate ?" What, indeed! In the innocency of my heart I should have imsgined that the settlement of the finances of a young country was one of the most important ques- tions that could well be discussed, and that the Premier of the country would have so considered it. But apatt from this, apart from the introduction. of such on episode into such a debate, the dignity of the head of an Administration can hardly gain anything from such an exhibition. It was cer- tainly not the sort of thing to expect from. a Ministerial officer, still less from, a Premier. Could one by any possibility fancy such a speech. being delivered by Lord Melbourne, Lord John Russell, Earl Grey, Lord Derby, Mr. Disraeli, or Mr. Gladstone? But I suppose that this, like many another anomaly, may be accounted for by our antipodean position, which turns everything, social as well as physical, end for end, so that our terrestrial reversal brings to the top those whose true position should be at the bottom. There was a skirmish on Friday night between Mr. Wilson and the Chairman of Committees. It has been given pretty fully in your columns, and I need only say that the adjournment for refreshment saved it from becoming a more than ordinarily serious business. The adjournment and the refreshments enabled hon. gentlemen to cool down and became reasonable once more; but, as Mr. Parkes observed, the Chairman of Committees has lately been rather too smart In calling members of the Opposition to order before he could possibly know the direction, towards which. their remarks tended. If he does not take care he will some night make a mistake and go a little too far, and then there will be a storm indeed. Mr. Forster was drawn out on Friday night in a manner altogether without parallel, as far as he is concerned. Mr. Wilson, in the course of a speech on Mr. J. Suttor's motion for a vote for a bridge over the Macquarie, objected to hon. members being ex- pected to go in the first instance to the Government for what they wanted to have done, "for," continued the hon. gentleman, "members have told me that when they have gone to members of this Government the Minister has entered into discussions with them on their political conduct, has inquired the reason for their votes, and asked how they could expect what they wanted to be done when they were always voting againBt the Government." "Who has done this? What Minister ?" asked Mr. Robertson. "I do not feel called upon to say," replied Mr. Wilson. "I know I have never done it," asserted Mr. Robertson." "Neither have I," cried Mr. Forster, "It is not true." "Hon. members have told me the same thing," put in Mr. Parkes. "What hon. members? Name them!" said Mr. Forster indignantly. "The hon. Minister cannot expect me to name them," answered Mr. Wilson. "Then I can only say they have said what is not true — what is absolutely false," retorted Mr. Forster. Shortly afterwards Mr. Parkes rose to speak, and he also took exception to the dictum laid down that hon. members should in the first instance go to the Government for anything they required for their constituents, as laid down by the Premier. There was a kind of hollow "No!" which, in reply to this assertion, came from some far distant quarter of the purlieus of the House, in those particular tones which at once told that the negation had proceeded from the hon. Premier, though of where he was ensconced it told nothing. There was something awfully mysterious about it — very much after the style of the solemn admonition of that "old earthworm," as his eccentric son terms him, the ghost in Hamlet, when from the machinery beneath the stage he cries out "Swear!" to his easily-consoled widow. Mr. Parkes went on a step further than Mr. Wilson had done, and told the House that two hon. members had informed him that when they had gone to the Secretary for Lands on public business, he had said something to this effect, "How can you expect us to be particularly attentive to your wants when you always vote against us," and had suggested that it would be much better if the hon. gentlemen changed sides in the House. "It is a gross falsehood," cried Mr. Forster, "and the person guilty of it is a vile slanderer." Mr. Parkes affirmed that he gave the statement as it was made to him; but declined, without their authorisation, to give the names of his informants. In replying to Mr. Parkes, Mr. Forster concluded his speech by saying, "As to intention to influence hon. members in their votes in this House, I can only say, and I hope the person who made the statement to the hon. member is listening to me, that he is a vile scoundrel and a slanderer. Mr. R. Stewart rese to move a resolution for the payment of members, and commenced making, what a facetious gentleman near me called a moving speech, so moving indeed that the very first words of the hon. gentleman sent half-a- dozen members out of the Chamber, and before he had spoken two. minutes, a quorum was not present to listen to him, and thus the House was counted-out. SETTING TYPE BY ELECTRICITY. — Among the many wonderful evidences of the ingenuity of mankind is the machine for setting and distributing type. This is now so perfected that I have now before me a book containing 24,993 ems of solid matter — or 34,225 ems of leaded matter — the whole of which was both "set" and "distributed" in six hours and thirty-nine minutes by this machine. This is truly wonderful; but I want to say that the wonder need not stop here. By means of one of these machines located in the large newspaper offices in the principal cities, and connected by telegraph with the Capitol, the reporter or operator can let the type himself, the machine stand ing in New York or New Orleans, and he being in the Capitol! Or, instead of setting the type, he may produce a matrix — by operating a series of arms or levers having type attached, and made to strike upon a suitably prepared and movable plastic surface — from which a stereotype plate may be cast ready for the press, in a few minutes from the time the speech, is delivered, or the action had, whatever it may be. Speeches would still have to be reported by short hand, simply because no one could either write them out or set them up as fast as delivered. The com- poser, having the short-hand notes before him, could then set the type from them upon the machine at a distance, or, if required, the short-hand notes could be translated, as is now done far the telegraph operator, and then set up by telegraph. In the latter case the same labour of the operator that now sends the message would put it into type ready for the press, thus dispensing with the time and labour now required to write out the message and setup the type. This seems to be the next great step in the electrical progress of the age; and there is nothing to prevent its being done at once. It is simply a question of time and money — that's all. W. C. DODGE. — Cor. Am, Artisan. A WIFE'S TEMPER. — Here is a gentleman's diary of his wife's temper: — Monday — a thick fog; no seeing through it. Tuesday — Gloomy and very chilly; unseasonable weather. Wednesday— Frosty, at times sharp. Thursday— Bitter cold in the mom- ing, red sunset, with flying clouds, portending hard weather. Friday— Storm in the morning, with peals of thunder; air clear afterwards. Saturday (payday) — Gleams of sunshine, with partial thaw; frost again at night. Sundays — A slight south wester in the morning'; clear and pleasant at dinnertime; hurricane and earthquake at night. 