ITEJ1S OF KETVS. Mr If. J. Wrixon, M.L.A., has been lec turing on the subject of ghosts and spirits. His belief seemed to be that such things were realities. A fire occurred on the 12th of January at South Geelong, by which three or four un tenanted brick cottages adjoining the Kel son's Victory were destroyed. Nine hundred sheep near Arinidale re cently gave 32001bs of" wool. The farmers of Little Eiver have had to drive their cattle to the Cape Otway Kanges in search of feed. A nugget weighing 89Joz was found at the Lyell Creek diggings^ Duller Eiver, in the .flatter part of December. It is stated to be the largest ever found in New Zea land. The Panama and New Zealand Com pany's steamer,-. Otago was seized by order of the mortgagees on het arrival at Mel bourne on the 7th of January. The Sydney Government have offered a reward of -CoOO for the arrest of the noto rious bushranger Thunderbolt, alius "Ward, who Las been the terror of the country for the past year or two. They have caught his boy-mate, but he has eluded them. Thousands of wild horses have recently been shot in the "Wagga Wagga District, in consequence of the scarcity of feed. . The produce of cotton in this-Ipswich District, Queensland, for the year 1SG7-S, was 4227 bales, weighing nett, l,297,9231bs. A company has been organised for "tlie manufacture of woollen cloth, at Tokoinai riro. in New Zealand. The barque, Henry Miller, returned to Newcastle, having struck on an unknown reef, in lut. 25.51, Ion, 15S; she remained fast thirteen hours, then threw some cargo overboard, when she floated and got off. Colonel Gore Brown, the retiring Governor of Tasmania, Was, on his depart ure for Eng land, presented with an address, signed by 1400 of the leading inhabitants of the island. Eeoant intelligence from Tasmania states that atr immense extent of country is being I swept by fire, the consequence of ■ the drought. The country being devastated is stated to extend from Launceston to Table Cape, a distance ct qver one. hundred mile's. The glassworks of the Messrs Thomas, at. North Melbourne, the successors of Mr Nixon, are reported as progressing satis factorily, though having to combat with several impediments. The articles at pre sent turned out will bear favourable com parison with most of the imported article of the same kind. - The affiliation of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows of Victoria with the order in America has not- met. with generals ap proval, nianv members of the two lodges in Geelong distinctly refusing to assent to the proposed alteration. • j Mr Maurice O'Oonnell, nephew of the late Acting-Governor of Queensland has died from starvation, he beiug lost in the hush. . The new Governor of Tasmania, Mr Do Cane, is the seventeenth Governor-that that island has had. - , ■ Wpiuers are exceedingly numerous this year in Western ' Australia, among them being a large red-headed one which is very dangerous. . .. ... Thirteen hundred sheep were recently lost from starvation and thirst whilst/ tis veiling near Jtinee, N.S.Wi Five hundred, were lost, at one'fell swoop, by rushing peii mell. in the agonies of thirst, into awate.i bokv:; and .smothering-themselves in til UlUd. •• .. IS ■; A project is on foot amongst .market; gardeners and others at .Mount ,Loftv.(iiv '.Smith Australia) to establish a J a m .Con', puny, on account of the abundance unLthc low rates ruling for fruit, • /w'/yy.. As showing how quickly this vast- conti nent is being colonised, it is mentioned that the inhabitants of ileniudie, a place well known, in connection with the Burke and Wills expedition, are now hourly in dread of being stuck np by the bushrangers. Assays have been made of a large quan tity of ore obtained from the Potosi silver mine in South Australia, with Jesuits vary ing from 1G to 98 ounces to the ton. A man was arrested on :hc 15th instant at Adelaide on a charge of begging. 'When searched thirty-seven one pound notes, ill in gold, 17s Id in silver, and 2d in copper, were found concealed about his person. During the last six months 9000 acres been taken up For mining purposes within the mining division, of Amherst under the leasing regulations, and representing the sum of £700,000 capital proposed to he.in vested. The applicants are chiefly Baliarat and Cianea men. A portion o£ the camel3 have come down again to Port Augusta with wool; with their Aifghau drivers, and1 are looking well.. There are a great many young ones with them, and it is quite amusing to* see. them frisking about. .During the mouth of December forty-, six applications to purchase country Crown Lands in Western Australia were approved, embracing 2375 acres, and for which £1191 2s 6d was paid. There were "also 42,030 acres granted Eor pastoral and tillage pur poses, for which -£13 was paid. Total amount received, £1239 2s Gd. A heavy hailstorm, accompanied with thunder and lightning and a succession of strong whirlwinds, passed over Perth on the 27th ultimo. It lasted about an hour, tearing up trees by the roots, partially un roofing houses, smashing windows, and doing severe damage to many of the gardens in the suburbs of the City. It is proposed to do away with the ex port duty on kangaroo skius in Western Australia, which would give increased encouragement to the destruction of the animals, 'which are yearly becoming more numerous in all parts of the colony, owing, no doubt, to the gradual disappearance of the blacks. A gentleman in Sydney, lately a lieu tenant in il.il.'s Stli Kegiment. has. we are informed, proposed to the New Zealand Government to raise, for the purpose of quelling the native insurrection, a force of 630 Australian blacks, officered and accom panied by 120 whites, principally good bushmcn. and 1200 dogs. The average rainfall, as ascertained by observations at South Head and Sydney, during a period of 27 years—from 1840 to 18G7—has been 49T43 inches per annum. The largest falLwas in the year 1860, and was 82*801 inches. - The next in magnitude was in 1841, and was 70-310 inches. The third was in 1864, and was 72-120 inches. The smallest full in any one year was in 1S49, being only 21-490 inches. The npxt was ill 1863—23 9S0 inches. The third smallest was in 1S54—29*275 inches. The average number of rainy days during the sauie period was 141'S per annum, the largest number—182—occurringin the year i860, and the smallest—111—in 1S62. Professor Ilalford's treatment of snake bites has been used in several instances since we last wrote, and in no single in stance has it, as far as we know, failed. The City of Launceston still remains at the bottom of the Bay, but fresh attempts are to he made to raise her. The railway receipts during the Christ inas holidays surpassed those of any of the past years. The receipts from the 25th "to 31st December were £7977, the number of passengers conveyed being 3S.741. The cash receipts on Hew Tears Day were £2337, as against £2129 in 1SG8. 