FLAJ<T LLUSTISQ ox MONM CAMPIONS, NORTH ITALY. [From the Field. I We start at o'clock in the morning, at it is desirable to get up a little out of the warm valleys before the dew has been dissipated, and find ourselves . on the spur - --- - of „ a mountain, on — which — Cyclamens peep forth from among the shattered stones here and there-sometimes a solitary bloom or two. at others handsome tufts, where the position has favoured free development, and now and then springing in a miniature condition from some chink, where there was very little nutriment or root-room to be obtained. Then we meet Silene saxifraga, very abundant on the larger boulders and in sandy spots. In a wild state or in cultivation it is not a pretty plant, although it has often been recommended. Lower down we had first met with the neat Tunica saxifraga on the tops of walls, and it accompanies us a little higher up, and is rarely so pre ty as when well cultivated. The Maidenhair fern does not ascend up the mountain sides, nor even go into suitable places in the villages up the valley, though in the town of Lecco it adorns the .... very . mill wheels and moist walls near watercourses, &c..; in great abmr-ance P.^y Plant?-, adhering closely to the wall, ( and dwarf from existing on moisture or very little U more. The pretty Coronilla varia isoften seen low I 1 down; and • what . . can form prettier tufts, - - or fall - more gracefully over the brow of rocks? As we ascend the fine flowers of Geranium sangoineum are everywhere seen, and Horminum pyrenaicum begins to show itself here and there, becoming more abundant as the mountains get higher, ana growing to the top. It is barely worthy of cultivation. A pinkish variety was noticed in several places. The Privet, in a very dwarf and fiori- ferous condition, adorns the rocks in abundance, while Aconites, Lilies, are occasionally seen. The Orange Lily is a great ornament hereabouts. I saw on one of the topmost and most inaccessible ciifis of the mountain one of its bold flowers expanded like a ball of fire in the starved wiry grass and small plants that grew on the narrow ledge, and L. Martagnn is also abundant, though not so effective. Dwarf Cvtisus, &c.;, are great ornaments to the rocks, and here and there the leaves of the Hepatica are mingled with those of the Cyclamen, suggesting little pictures of spring in these locali-1 ties. The Cyclamens are deliciously sweet, and the great spread of Erica carnea, seen in all parte, must afford a lovely show of colour in spring. The ground is rocky; and we think we have taken leave of all the meadow 1 ——«—*•:» land, when the hills again 1 begin —t to break into small pastures, where Ox-eye Daisy, Orchises. Phyteumas. Arnica, Inula, and a host of meadow plants struggle for the mastery. Soon we come to great isolated masses of rock—erect rock, and yet on the surface quite shattered and decayed in every part; and, after half an hour among these, see far up rosettes of blue horn-like flowers projecting at about two inches from the rock. The rosettes are as wide as the plant is high, and much larger than the leaves, which are of a lightglaucous colour. This is quite a novelty. Where would our pleasures be if we knew everything 1 The charm of such excursions as this is in proportion to the novelties they present. We ascend far above these rocks, and find the mountain side has broken into wide gentle slopes, park like, with indigenous trees here and there, but for the most part a great spread of meadow land, adorned iu every part with a most glorious comany of flowers. Conspicuously beautiful was the §_ t. Bruno's Lily, just growing high enough to show its long and snow-white bells above the grass. It should be called the Lady of the Meadows, for assuredly no sweeter or more graceful flower embellishes them. In every part where a slight depression took place in the ground, so as to expose a little slope or fall of earth on which the long grass could not well grow, or along by a pathway, Primula glance see ns was found in thousands, long past out of flower. In wandering leisurely over the grass, an exquisite Gentian, of a billiant deep and iridescent blue, caught my eye. At first I thought it was the fine Genttana verna; but on taking up some plants it proved to be an annua kind, quite as beautiful and brilliant as either G. Bavarica or verna, gems as they are. Everywhere that a boulder or mass of rock shows itself. Primula auricula is to be seen, often in the grass, and always oa the high rocks and cliffs. A species of Pedicnlaris, with deep rosy shining flowers, is a fine ornament of the grass, and ascends to rhe very highest points, A showy Epilobium and fine Dentaria are also set-a among the taller vegetation, while the compact hale blue Globularia creeps from the surrounding earth over every rock. As we arise, the mist of the higher points begins to envelope us, and hide the lovely and ever-varying scenery below and ou all sides, except now and then when the breeze clears them away. Hereabouts we come upon some little tufts of the most diminutive and pretty Saxifraga cania. In little indentations in rocks it sometimes looked a mere stain of silvery grey like a lichen; ou the ground, between stones, &c;„ it spread J into dwarf silvery cushions, from one to three or four inches wide. It seemed quite indifferent to position, some growinK freely along, aud even in a channel, the sides and bed of which are | mass of nl)sttered rocks, and which is in winter a stream and a torrent at'ttr heavy rains and thaws. 1 found <me plant as circular and as wide as a dessen plate, a mass oflilliputian silvery losettea, each al«iut the eighth of an inch across, each rosette being formed of from 15 to 25 diminutive leaves, and hundreds of rosettes going to form a tuftahoutaiiiiichhigh. Above the region where this plant is lirst met with the extraordinary nature of the mountain begins to be seen through the increasing mist. Lower down, and indeed in all parts, erect isolated masses of mck are met with, but towards the great straight-sided mass t hat forms the central and higher peak huce aiguUles are gathered together so thickly that, dimly seen through the mist, they seetn like the ghosts of tall old castles and towers creeping one after the other up the mountain side. The highest point, formed by a most imposing rock of this description, has not yet been ascended. A little lower down rocks of the same nature and great height are exposed on one side, so that you may look over their edge from the turf, their appearance being much heightened by the mist which completely hides the valley, and makes them seem ba-eless. The Lion's-paw Cudweed is very abundant on the mountaiu. Daphne rhododendron in small quantities, and the prett* little Polygala chainsbuxus often crop out in a very diminutive state, much less beautiful than when in cultivation. A blue Linum, probably L.alpinum, is very common; the rate Allium Vicioriale I found sparsely on high rocks; and Dryas octopetala, abundantly in flower, with Anemone alpina, were in a very dwarf state; and pale flowers of the common Gentiana acaulis looked up singly here and there. In the higher and dwarfer parts of the meadows Aster alptnus was very charming, not in tufts or masses, but dotted singly over the turf. Having got as high as was possible, we had j et to find one of the rarest and most beautiful of hardy plants, Silene Eizabethae. We failed to find it after a long March, and, disappointed, were descending the mountain down a long and rocky chasm formed of a vast bed and banks of shattered ock, when, much to our pleasure, a little plant with a few leaves was discerned growing from a hink on a low mass of rock. By carefully bieaking away portions of this we succeeded in getting he plant out intact, and by very diligent searching foimd a few more specimens of it. It was not yet n flower, but pushing up the stem preparatory to t. Then a long trudge down mountain, valley, nd hilly road brought us home to our quarters at half- past 9, after a long and interesting day. A escription of the scenery from the top of this ountain is better not attempted; and, indeed, for everal hours near the top we could not see many ards before us because of a white mist. But one time, when as high as we could go. the guide houted to call our attention, and we saw through a rent in the mist the far-off country below—lake, ills, villa-dotted lowiands warmed by a bright sun, nd happy-looking as Eden " when o'er the four ivers the first roses blew." FAR NORTE MAILS.—Under this heading we lately described the proceedings which took place on a recent up-trip of the Blinman mail. Relating thereto " An Old Blinman Man" writes, denying that the horses used are unfit for their work and dropping dead on the road. We can readily accept Buch testimony; but inasmuch as the paragraph in question made no such statements, we haidly discover its relevancy. He further affirms that the mails are delivered more regularly and the horses are better than under the management of any former contractor, and he suggests that our informants were influenced by spleen. "A North Man," on the other hand, savs:—"You very properly exposed the conduct of the mail driver," &c.;, but adis " that a young man named Richard Kirwan has been the driver between the Blinman and Melrose for upwards of two years: but did not drive on that day, having remained behind at Melrose. Consequently your correspondent's remarks did not apply to him, although many might think they would." MOONTA TOWNSHIP ADVANCING. — The local correspondent of the Wallaroo Times has the following in his letter:—" Business sites in this — „„ cent, within the last few months. Moonta seems to be looked on as the ultima thule of despairing m tradesmen in other localities, and they are flocking w here in droves. Trade eertSy topS lately, but only in proportion with the increase of. population, and that has not been to the extent* which would warrant so la«w» an 'rtradim, * '£u?fin g d TwTJS time alone will show the rartt result "d their level, and • l 