TWO WELLS, JtfiY 28. On Tuesday evening, according to announce ment, a soiree, in connection with the Insti- . tute, was held at the Schoolroom in this town ship. The weather was very unfavorable. In spite, however, of thunder and lightning, and rain in torrents, visitors from a considerable distance came in. and eventually the room was moderately filled. The chair -was occupied by ihe President of the Institute (Mr. H. Warren) who, after a few preliminary remarks, and recommending that meetings of a similar nature should he held more frequently, called' upon the Choir to sing the. glee, 'May Day,' which was very creditably performed. It is only just to remark L ere that in consequence of removals, &c;, the Two Wells Musical -Society has been broken up, and that the deficiency was supplied by the Bed Banks Choir, who very kindly rendered valuable assistance on the occa sion. Mrs. Temby, with equal kindness, pre siding at the harmonium. The programme which followed, was a good one ; the various readings and recitations being given by mem* bera of the Two Wells Mutual Improvement Class. Mr. Corden .chose alaughable reading entitled . ' Michael Murphy and the Ghost ;' followed By a trio, 'Winds gently whisper,' and a song, 'Fathe'r, come home,*' by Mr. J. Strongman, which was much admired. Messrs. Jas. Cowan, H. Warren, 0. Temby, and W. Tupper then gave readings and recitations, which for the most part were well chosen, being respectively — ' The Charge of the Light Brigade,' ''The Triumphs of the English Lan guage,' 'A Melting Story,' 'and 'Marco Bozzaris,' interspersed with two more glees by the choir, 'Awake, .iEolian Lyre' and ' All among the Barley.' After an interval of ten minutes the choir Bung successfully, with good effect, 'Here in cool Grot,' ' The Red Cross Knight,' ' This May Fly,' and a laughable piece entitled ' To iall you Ladies.' Mr. J. Strongman also gave with great expression the song of 'The Slave Ship,' which was deservedly encored. Messrs. Jas. Hast well, sen., E. Grigg, Goddard, an«l Cramond a!so contributed to the enjoyment of the evening by some good readings, 'A Cure for Love,' 'The Baven,' 'My Lord Torn Noddy,' and a well-rendered reading from Shakspeare on the fall' of Cardinal Wolsey, being the subjects chosen respectively by each. The 'concluding trio oration, ' Huhgerford Market,' by Messrs. Davis, Cowan, and Godi dard, in character, caused much merriment. It consisted of a collection of London cries, which' seemed to be best appreciated by those who had been familiarised with them in the old country; After the usual. vote of thanks the meeting separated about half -past 10, the weather clear ing up and becoming beautifully fine for the journey home. — -There are just a few individuals sometimes met with who seem to be somewhat sceptical as to 4he natural capabilities of Port Gawler as a shipping place, but those who have visitejdit have been surprised at the depth of the water in the river, and to find that, with a comparatively small outlay, the channel at the bar (which seems to be a feature common to all Australian rivers) might be so enlarged as to -allowj of vessels of any reasonable draught coming up to the jetty at all states of the tide; an advantage not to be despised, and a matter which it is to be hoped will be duly considered by the Government when the Parliament assem bles. . . ?. ???.;?'?? 