THE ASSUMPTION OF THE VIRGIN MARY. A writer in the Times supplies some information respecting the new dogma on the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, to be inaugurated, it is said, by the Council. He savs : — The fundamental work in question stands on the first Index of Gelasius. And as late as the ninth century, Usuard's " Martyrologium" says, under the heading, " Dormitio Sanct ae Dei Genitricis Marino," that although her body, that venerable temple of the Holy Ghost was hidden by the Divine Council, yet the sobriety of the Church had preferred pious ignorance (cum pietate nescire) to teaching aught frivolous or apocryphal on the subject. There are a number of versions of the legend thus condemned extant in Greek, in Latin, in Arabic, in Syriac being more or less translations of each other. The story is by no means bereft of a certain poetical fervour, though some of its features belong to other Greek and Aramaic legends, notably that cycle of sagas of the Assumption of Moses, to which Jude alludes in his Epistle. As authors of the Greek and Latin respectively are mentioned John the Apostle and Bishop Melito, of Sardis ; the latter directing his version principally against one Leucius. Thorny aro the critical questions which beset even this little tale ; but for them we must refer our readers to tlic proper folios, or rather octavos, as the Arabic, the Syriac, the Greek, and the Latin have all been edited within the last 15 ye.;rs or so, some even for the first time. And these are the outlines of the legend. Two years after the Ascension of Christ (but even here, at the outset, we are met by discrepancies as to date in the various versions), an angel appeared to the Virgin, hearing a palm breach, say ing, " Ilail Mary, full of prace, God. is with thee;' On the third day from this thine assumption shall comc to pass, thy Son expects thee in the midst of the angels. And she begged that all tlie apostles might be summoned near her. The angel promised.it and departed amid great radiance. And all of . a sudden 'whereyer.' the apostles were, even to the ' eijds of the earth, John in Ephcsns, and. .Simon in Rome, and Paul in : Tiberiacr, and. Thomas in India, and Matthew in Bery tus, and Bartholomew in Armenia, &c.;, they wqre lifted up by a cloud and brought to the door of Mary. And when they had all prayed there arose at the third hour of the-third day a great com motion and earthquake, and Christ de scended in a oloud with hosts of angels, and Michael took Mary's soul into' Para dise. Next, the apostles went to bury the .body, while a great light shone around ' them,, singing, " When Israel went fortb from Eaypt." But when they went to the Valley of Jehoshephat a certain" Jew came out of the town and began to abuse them and to take hold of- the bier, where upon his hands clung to it, and he could not remove them, suffering great agobies; while the angels in the- clouds : struck th<. people with blindness. He is then con verted, seeing the miracle,, and : is healed, haying kissed the bier, and the pain brand is given to him that lie might re move the blindness ' from the .eyeS'of>.thw-. people, and when they had buried . lidr and closed the vault, Christ appeared" again, and" asked the apostles what they thought he oaght to do for the Virgin- Whereupon they councelled him thait aw he had taken her soul He should also take her body. And this was done- Michael rolled the stone from the moutlv. of the tomb and Mary sprang forth' an blessed the Lord, and He kissed her; and as she rose heavenwards she threw her girdle down to St. Thomas, who had been saying mass in India, and who had sud« denly been transported to Mount Olivet. He kissed it and took it to the apostles, who were still assembled at her now empty tomb. They would not at first believe that he had seen her rise to heaven; but when they saw the girdle they'were con vinced. Then tho same cloud which had carried the Apostles from their different places took them up again and transported them to their different places, "even as. Abaeuc, the prophet, carried the food ta Daniel in the lion's den, and was carried back to Judoea." One M.S. concludes thus, after stating that the author was " Joseph, who placed the body of Christ in my sepulchre, and have seen and spo- ken with Him after His resurrection.' " and let everv Christian know that he who has this book by kim- or in his house, whether he be an ecclesi astic, or a layman, or a woman, the devil will not hurt him, his son will not be a lunatic, or a demoniac, or deif or blind. In his house there will be no sudden death. Whosoever shall read this ' sermon' shall be saved." And this is the basis of the dogma ofjjthat Assumption, to be solemnly - proclaimed, if all goes well, perchance yet in this year of grace, 1869, as one of the means to restore universal peace and goodwill among men, and to remove all evils "both from the church and the world" And still the world stands aside, silent, preferring its evils, hut marvelling- greatly. 