'POOR 'NIM.' - - TO THE ED mm OF THE ''gymde times.' Slu, — I trust, you will grant mo a Bmnll spaco in your columns in roply to ' Niuirod.' 'Tib quito evident the gculleman referred to is a novice iu tho sporlingditorary Biaff, or ho would never think of inflioiing turf gossip upon us at this early singe of tho raoo meeting. But I could - forgive him for that, and nlsb -for his- inconipotcnoy- us a sporting orkio. biitnot for tho cringing and underhand stylo ol .hia H i iliug. Ho affoots to give. all possible credit lo the gontlomon who got up tho rnoos, thou turns - round lo ridiculo their progrntnmo ; 'lio also selects ono gontlomnn for his ' unqualillod pruiso us a thorough sporting man, at tho Bnmo timo making liiB sporting friend appear small where ho prosumea. to dietato and offer hi in suoli oomniouplaee udvioo as that upon tho value ol good horsemanship. Tn Hnfonf-n of tlm nrnimi Htmrv T f»nn nulv rnif nt»nf.n tho stalomonts of tlio public — that it, gives gonoral satisnioliou, nnd is rouoivod as tho produotion of a few geutlaniou who huvc time and nionoy at thoir ctlnimnnd, und are only too glad to contribute two days' sport, having no otlior interest m view bat that of ploasiag.tho public. I have no doubt many ot tho geutloinon connoeted with tho Gympio raoos know quite us rmioh about tho principles ot racing, handicapping, -fcc., as dooB Mr. ' Ninirod they havo vory WisL-ly adopted a programmo suited to tho occasion, and the approval of tho public is their reward. ? And nqw a hint to ' Nimrod' : Throw down yonr pen, and give your bead and logB a chance ; walk out to tho oonrso every morning ; watoh the horses doing their work : timo them when you get a chanoo got till Lhe in formal ion you onn from the tramors a low days beforo tho raoos, iiud yuu.mny resuuio your pen ; and if you possess tho ability you nspiro to, wo inny expect to hoar ' turf gossip'-, very interesting to tho turfites- of Gympie. Till thon I bopo lo heur no moi-oof^-Nimrod,' fur his owe. sake. , ' BARB. : '[Wo ventnro to oxpvoss-'' a liojro that Jlossrs. Nituicd, Jorrocks' ? Ghost, Barb, and Co. wilT in fiituro eonhuo thomselves to ' turf gossip,' either loeal or general, and not be loo hard on oaoli other. Blunders and incorrect statements by sporting scribes dosorvo oxposuro, and wo havo no objection to satire or ridiculo by way of sauce ; but to talk ol a ' cringing and uutjorlmnd stylo' is suggesiivo ol no other ' sport' than ' pistols and colfeo for two,' or ' a few rounds' beforo bronkr,ist, if tho rival seniles meet. In such a case, wo 'shall have tufj gossip with a vongoanee 1 — Ed. G. T.] 