CLARENCE ELECTION. CK Friday evening, n meeting of tho electora of the Clnrence, convened by the following handbill waa hoJiKn the hall of the School of Ano : A mooting of tho electora of tho Clarence, will bo hold at the School of Arts, Grafton, thia (Friday) evonlng, at half-paat eight o'clock, for the purposo of hearing the reply to a roqulal tiona to Mr. T. Bawden, J.P., to itand as tho member for tho Clarence electorate." Th'ougli thc above notice ives not issued until three ?o'clook on Friday afternoon, yet nt tho hour named ¡for the meeting, a larne number of persons had assembled outside thc building, and on thc candidate making his appenrance, was well received, the hall being quickly filled, while owing to the great heat, very many remuined outsido. Punctually at the hour named, on the motion of, Mr. L. JACOUS, seconded by Mr. Alderman ATTWATBII, the chair was taken by Mr. T. FisiiBit, J.I'. Mr. T. FISUEÍI on tnking'the chair, said most of those? present wer» aware of tho object of? their assembling, and he presumed that the present waa what''* was usually termed a political meeting, but he waa quite. Ignorant of. the programme nf proceedings, .far thai j ?evonirig, though he »aw scated around him a number-, of gentlemen, who ho believed hod some' soheme to propound, which ho hod-no doubt wnuld bo placed before them in language quito inti- liigiblo, but from 'what he could glean the object wa« to place their, fellow- townsman-Mr. Thomas Buwden in nomina- tion aa their representative-(cheers)-»nd ho must 'nay thnt in ,whatever.prominent, position ho (Hr. Bawden) was called upon to occupy, ho always filled the part'with credit to the town anti honor to himself. ' (Loud cheer's.) In saying thia he had no desire to ; flutter Mr. Bawden, for ho was not accustomed to do, so, more particularly when the party interested was,' ; present, but rather the other woy. He would not now touch upon the programme, but probably after hearing the candidate, he would give them his opinions, which they could act upon or not' He hoped thoy would] 1 afford to every speaker, who might wish to .nddrraj fhemia fulrrand impartial-hoartng,- Hc; wnuftl nifwS call upon Mr. Bawden to ïayour' the meeting with his reply to tho address presented to him that day. Mr. T. BAWDEN, J.P., on rising WOB received with i burst of applause, which having subsided, he .said he must crave the indulgence of the mooting, as 'he position was quite new to him, never beforo having addressed a publlo assembly under the 'circumstances in which ha was then placed. Ile had during the day been presented vi Ith a requisition inviting him to come forward as a candidato fur the representation ; of the Electorate in Parliament, and it was in order to receive his reply to that réquisition that the'meoting had been convened. Before giving his reply it would,' perhaps, be as well-as no doubt there were muny present who had not seen it-for him to read the requisition and then give his reply,which he had wi Uten and would read to them. '[The requisition and reply, which appear in our advettising columns, were hero read by Mr. Bawden]. ' During the reaoing- of the reply, as well OB at the conclusion, Mr, Bawden WOB frequently cheered. Ho Bald he thought lt wes hardly necessary that he should.detnin. them by any lengthened remarks, for be had been very busy, and had not been enabled to prepare httnself to address thnm, nor was ho accustomed to matte long speeches. 'The flt et inti- mation ho had had of \>eing asked to stand, was an ndveittsement whiih he saw in the Examiner, when at the Clarence Heads on Tuesday.afternoon Litt, and then he did not believe there was anything in it until within the last two days, ' when some 01 his friends had mentioned the matter tn him, and as no person having local int, rests seemed willing or anxious , to come foi ward, as a candidate, he thought it would bo belter that he should consent to tho request of the requisltianists, oven if it were only for a thott time, rather than that tho electorate should bo saddled, pro- bably for the next five years, with a representative having no bond of identical interests with thc electors; and moro than all, might bo barely known beyond the walls of come Sydney office. -Thc aim of such men, in seeking to thrust themselves on such a district as this*, must surely be to servo . their own purpose, or that of the doss to which they belong-ni tho real patriot was a rare animal. As he hud told thom,'in his «ritten riply, ho could not tilford to attend icgu larly in the liouae, without neglecting lils own business, a course ho had no desire, of adopt- j ing, but he was willing to make somo sacri- fico for tho sake of the district, and rather than j thnt a tenth-rate Sydney .mun should bo elected, of whom they know nothing, and to some extent remove tho charge.that hod been made against tho district- 1 that a local man could not bo found-he would con sent to accept the honor." It WOB necessary tlmt every Eerson elected, should retain his scat for. sixty days, efuro ho could resign. If he was elected,'ho hoped that during that Btxty days, some person in whom the electors had confidence-wlii-ther he be a local mn», or a man of known character in thu political world would bb found ivilllng tn represent them; in that cuso ho would gladly re-ign in order to make way for a better man. . (Cheer».) Ho was informed that there were many of his friends, who had hitherto declined to sign the requisition or support him, boliovlng that they would not bo sorving him by so doing ; to them ho felt sincerely grateful, for their very kind con- sideration, but now, thai'they knew his views, he folt and hoped they would accord him their support ngalnst such candidates oidy ns he came forward to oppose (Cheers.) '! ut had been said that ho was sn very ambitious, that if returned to Parliament, he would lose his balance, and neglect his own affairs. Not so, fur though ho was willing to udmit that he had some ambition, yet he could not forgot what ho had been and from whence ho came-as it was un tho Clarence ho first began life, and ho had in his business connection'and othctwise, been brought into contact with a large number of elcctois, yet know of no man that day who was not his friend. (Loud cheers.) He had grown up among them, and mnuy of thom had known him nineo he was a child-during a spaeo nf nearly thirty years that he had been in the district ; he had during that timo endeavoured ta advance himself in life, and he left it to them to say whether he had done so or not-and in doing so, ho did not forgot that it was to the kindness'and consideration of the people of the Clarence, that ho. owed everything of worldly poaitlun. (Cheois.) Ho could assure his fi fend» that if' elected, ho would not bo blindly carried away by his ambition-09 he believed he never hud been.: Aa to ambition, he con- sidered an honorable ambition must creditable, not only to tho individual, but to tho place «Ith which ho might bo ido itlfled. (Cheers.) Un tho other hand, if he was rejected, under tho circumstances in .which ho nnw comb beforo them, ho could assure them it would not in any way damp his ardour for advancement. (Cheers.) lie felt ho waa not the man to represent tho distriol, and would not have presumed, nt present, nt least, tj offer himself an a candidate, had it not been for thu reasons already ?tuted. The Clarence election had been fixed to tnke {iluco at such short mítico that no opportunity had >eon offered tn alcotors of scourlnc n man of political standing, as such mon picfcrrod seeking tho suffrages of electorates nearer the scat of Government; it was quite possible that soma such man might bo rejected \- one whose services th/y might secure, and reflect credit on themselves in/ so d»ing. Such a man, nlihough seennd-hand, would ba fat preferable to any myth ii om Sydnoy who1 might offer himself-for suth a man, worthy' the confidence of tho eleciorB,-Ire would nt once givo way-(cheers) -pr far a local man, who could devoto his time and talents to their service, and whom tho majority of the electors would chouse. (Cheers ) As he lind told them in his reply, ho could not devoto sufficient time to take hi» scat for a whole session, yet, if elected,. during tho pei ind that ho would have to hold his scut, ho should endeavour to maka it his business to attend for at least, somo portion of the y Ump, and ho hoped that his actions and votes would ba such ns would reflect credit upon himself and thc dlslriot. Ile should rcurct to soo any contcBt, though the town had been placarded that oventng with posters, announcing n gentleman, who would seek their suffrages, .but he felt bound to say, in his opinion, ho wits not tho man to represent them.-(Cries of \''No, no.")-But If during tho next few days, a 'good local man could be found willing to como forward, who had tho time mid ability to srrvo thom, he would willingly mako way for him. but not for a tonth-ruto Sydnoy man. (Loud elmers.) Ho was nat aware that there wits anything special about which ho need detain thom by any furthor remnrks, but as retrenchment just now seemed to ba ruttier froelv discussed, his opinion was that if the Bullirlos of MtnistoiB were out down, there would not be BO mut'h fighting for place, as to get Into ofllco would not bc worth lighting for. Ho did not moan to say this was a true ohargo against all, but ho felt it was tho ouse with somo, and ho'wnutd voto for making tho Bularlos only sn dicion t lo pay their expenses while in ulfleo.'" Retrenchment in tho Government servioo rdiould not .bo understood to moan cutting down tho salarios of, tho juniors only, but it should mean thaso of tho hoads of tho dapuitmonts also, mid a thorough rc-orgimlüntlon-uctting rid of the third mau, whuro two tuon could do his work, Again thanking them for tho honor they sought to rotifer upon him, ho would lunvo tho matter in their hands. Tho candidato teeutned lila teat amid loud titters'. Mr. Alderman A-rrwATEn said they were nil nwnro that at thc last election, ho took an active part in securing the return of their Into member, and ns nothing wes known as to whether tho Hon. John Robertson intended to seek re- election at their hands, as one of his late supporters, ho wrote to him, and in reply ho received the following telegram : My party thought my standing for Bydnoy would increase strength. If elected, will practically be a second member for tho Clarence. Upon receipt of this information, he put in un adver- tisement, and hts reason far doing sa was, that ho had heard Mr. Bawden's name mentioned, and he thought it was not possible to get a helter man to represent them, and ultimately it was determined to get up a requisition, requesting that gentlci>Ji to allow him- self to be placed in nomination.. The chairman had told them lie was not aware whiff the programme was, but ho could inform them there were no resolutions prepared for that evening, for ho did not believe in meetings where everything was cut and dried, but gntherinus where every Englishman could say what he liked. ï-Now what ho had to say was that they could not get a better man to represent them than his Worship the Mayor, and if he could not afford to hold his scat, he for one would give a subscription rather than lose his services ns thoir representativo', and he had much pleasure in proposing.-" Mr. Tilomas Bawden, J. P., as a flt and proper person to represent thc Clarence Klectoruto in tho forthcoming Parliament of Now South Wales." (Loud cheers.)???.>. .:, Mr. LEWIS JACOBS, in seconding the motion, said he considered the electora would owe a debt of deep gratitude to Mr. Bawden,'who hnd, in their hour nf need, at great saerifice.to himself, come forward and placed his services nt . their' disposal, arid thus pre- vented tho electorate from being- soidlcd with an outsider for the next five years. The CiiAiiiMAK' snid' before putting tho resolution, if any one wished to'address tho meeting; 'or put any Question to the candidate, they were now invited1 to oso.,. ..» -».- .' i ! ¿I.U.-Í : -At '. '? ??? |J*lMr) Pi G. CnntjCK i-vHe would- lik* to know from Mr Bawden, in tho event of his return;; upon which side of tho liouse'he' would take his seat P Mr. T. BAWDEN t His. address, which, he had read them, twould show on which Bide he would take his seat-it was, on tho,side of Progress. (Laughter.) i Mr. F. G. Citot'oti considered .that was no answer I to his question, as all.tho candidates in their nddtesBCs stated that they were on.the side of Progress, j Mr. T. BAWDEN : Ho would take his seat an tho Government side; by that he did not mean to"be like the Vicar of Bray, ahdVit with whatever Government might be in office, butVho meant with tho present' Government. . Mr. W. SOUTIIION; Would Mr. Bawden, if returned, help-to bury; the Kiama ghost P. ? . , . j t » «. . Mr. BAWDEN : Ho considered the Kiama glio-t pretty well buried already. .' .. .?., Trio CitAiiiMANahen put the resolution, which was I carried without a single dissentient. ¡ Mr. T. BAWDEN henrtlly'-thonked thc electors for tho I expression of opinion that ho was a flt and. proper person to represent them-though he thought what they wanted, was a gentlemen who could devote the whole of his timo tn his Parliamentary duties, which ho could riot do, though'he trusted that what ho did would bo satisfactory ; that if over-tho timo should come-which he hoped would-when he could And leisure to devote to the duties, ho would be os deser- ving of their confidence and of tho honor, as they appeared to think him that day. (Loud cheers). . Mr. W. LAMBENT proposed,-"That a committee bo nt onco formed to secure tho return of Mr. Thomas Bawden, us their representative in Parliament." The motion having boon seconded, on being put to tho meeting by_ tho . CiiAiHiiAy, was unanimously adopted. ? \ Mr. J, E. CIIAFMAN proposed, Mr. T. BAWDEN seconded a vote of thnnkB to-tho chairman, which was carried by acclamation. ! Mr. T. PiBjiEii, J.P., said when he entered the meeting, he hud no ¡dca thnt ho would be called upon to occupy the position of chairman that evoning, as in that capacity his mouth was scaled, but by tho vote just passed he appeared to have rilled that post to their satisfaction, and now thal the meeting was over, ho wa»'at libel ty to make n few remarks, and what ho jwas about to say, he felt sure they would give him credit for being sincere in, as no one could feel more proud than himself at tho roturn of Mr. Bawden, as their representative, who apart from being his personal J friend, was a man in every way worthy of tho honor, one who would lill tho scat with credit not only to himself but to tho district that returned him. (Loud I cheers.) The statement from-Mr. Bawden hen, that ff returned, lie would not go in for the whole term of tho session, was to him hluhly. satisfactory, as he wus surd his business was euch' thnt lt- n quired his undivided and almost dally attention,'anil tho first duty of every man was to his family, and ho should bc soi ry to sec Mr. Bawden made the senpegont of any body of men. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Bawden) was a man connected in so many .ways with tho affairs af thc t(,wn and district, whilst the business ho did, was of that peculiar nature, that he could not delegate his duties to another ; and hundreds would miss Mr. Bawden If he wi» long absent from the town ; and ns he had told them he had no. private means, ho was not ashamed to confess that he was.onc nf- those, who though he only, spoke of it privately amongst his friends, yet hoped thnt . Mr. Dowden 'would not, in consenting to stand, sncrlflce his own interest, for what could not roturn him a commensurate gain. Ile (Mr. Fisher) had been mixed up with Mr. Uiiwden in many matters cnnnccted:with tho welfnro of this dis- trict, and which ho was huppy to say had proved a Sor feet success, but ho bolieied that without Mr. auden's assistance those results would not have been attained; those of course wore matters of practice, the results being evident to tho whole community, and it was from such results as these that thc public should judge of tho Illness .or oth.rwise of men suitable io represent their interests in tho Legis lativo Assembly. It was not llionrisis they required, but solid practical men, (those who had proved themselves by results-aa \Mr. Bawden had-to no-seas sufficient ability to mañane not only his own business satisfactorily, but-if ho might judge by the number of constituents using his office-that ' nf many others. It was such mon then an these that they required to send to Parliament tu watch over their interests. He understand there wcio two other candidates likely to bo nominated for this electorate both ot. theni lawyers. Ono of them-Mr. W. II. Pigott, formerly practicing in Grafton-had already placarded tho town ; and. tho other aspirant wa» Mr. De Lissa, of thc firm of -Messrs. Levy and De Lissa, of Sydney. (G-oans and hisses.) Now ho had nothing whatever to say against either of these gentlemen as private individuals, nor of the profes- ion generally ns such, but he would mon emphatically adviso thom and all other constituencies, never to return lawyers as members of Parliament, os they worein his opinion the worst representatives they could have ; their actions generally went to retard tho business af tho country, and they neted there, as unfortunately many of them did in their business practices-present company nf coursa excepted-spin out tho length of their clients' cases io meir injury and cost, oftentimes without tho sliuhtcst considération of aught else but their own' personal gain, and ho should be sorry to see Mr. Bawden give placo to such -toon. (Hear, hoar.) If the business of tho count'y .was to bu carried on satisfactorily, they must roturn mon of well-known business ability. It was not theoretical knowledge alone that would . provo useful 'to tho country, buta conscientious willingness, coupled ¡with ability that was essential, to bring about practical results, (llenr, hear.) Ai regarded Mr. Dawdon's pnlitioal creed, ho was quito ¿uro ho could not pourtray anything but what he could go hoart and hand with him, ns ho felt certain no was n gonllomun that would not do anything to retard tho prnp.ro»8, of this lino district-(cheers)-and if Mr. Bawden only consented ta go in fur a timo to stop tho gnp for a better man, ho wag by so doing not only serving them, but doing the oleotors of tho district a good turn ; and ho hoped Mr. Bawden would not allow his ambition to onrry him away, but would study well his awn intotcst and that of his family before tho multitude He trusted thero wnuld be 'no necessity tn go io tho poll, but in thc event of a contest, ho hoped thoBO who had'brought Mr. Bawden out would defray tho costa of his eleciion, and not lot it como out of the candidate's packet. (Hoar, hear). Tho meeting, which had been must unanimous throughout, then broke up. 