OUR SUMMARY. A . Washington correspondent says the most uncomfortable man on earth is General Grant's confidential secretaiy. For the last six months he has spent four hours a day in tearing up application for office. The President does notsee more .than two out of every thousand letters directed to him. A conference of delegates from Melbourne and Adelaide with certain gentlemen appointed by the -Sydney Chamber of-Gommerce, is now sitting' with closed doors.. The objejt.is to devise jgme scheme of commercial federation. Be suits aM-ultimately to be made public.~ " In one portion of the line of telegraph from Tamworth to Narrabri for a distance of sixteen miles the posts ran'ge exactly. As the ground is level and free from timber, a very peculiar aspect is presented to the observer. The Governor and Mfclady, AS also the Ministry have agreed to be present at a ball to be given in honor of the opening of the railway to Muswellbrook. The Mercury says the new paper is to he published at Muswellbrook and not at Murrurundi after all. The plant has arrived, and the first issue was expected at the close of last week. Charley Lodcr, the notorious aboriginal, has reached Cockatoo in safety. He told one of the officers "You no keep me long," bul|}>erliaps Charley may be mistaken as to the extent of the vigilance exercised over prisoners. Five hundred rate-payers have-called upon the Newcastle Aldermen to resign. A man near Kiama recently met with a snake, which he at once attacked, bent upon the creature's destruction. But in the rencontre the assailant was bitten, and soon after died, whilst the snake escaped unhurt. It seems to us the moral of this story is, " those are best off who mind their own business." Last week, building alldtments four miles out of Melbourne were sold at the rate of £800 an acre. Twelve years ago this land was sold on credit at 25s. per acre. It is still poor land, and entirely destitute of improvements. A'prisoner who was tried the other day for "robbing tliemail refused to plead, and pretended Ho be insane, but the jury convicted liim and he was sentenced to two years on the roads. Ajtoativc of China was convicted of an unnatural offence at the Bathurst Assizes, and sentenced to .death. In view, however, of the character of the evidence and the probability that it was not understood by the jury, we presume the punishment will he commuted. A servant, who had been in tlie Grafton lockup from Monday to Wednesday, was on that •day brought before the Bench charged with absconding. It was proved that he had only worked about a quarter of an hour before he ran away. The prisoner said he left because he was told he would have to herd cattle on Sunday, The poor fellow was fined ten pounds, or in default fourteen d^s imprisonment. A bank manager at Grafton has been figuring -as prosecutor in a case of insulting language. The words complained of were, " you may go to a very warm place, and the next timqphneetyou in •a.jpMic-ltouse, I'll job you on the nose." The Bench thought threatening to job managers' noses within the Act, and fined the defendantTfive shillings; but we respectfully submit that if Mr. Dcwhurst had availed himself of the defendant's permission to go to -" the warm place," they would have never met in a public-house, and therefore the threat was perfectly harmless At a public meeting called by the Mavorof Kiama to promote, the " Parkes' Testimonial Fund," less than a dozen persons were present. It was said that the Ghost had frightened the people. There was no speaking. The people of Tenterfleld have actually raised thirty pounds which they are willing to present to any one who will publish " a good newspaper" in that rising township! „ ievor stirrup bar" has been patented in -KMhourne. The inventor says " the advantage , ? . s ™ ,at ' n 'l lel1 a rider is thrown, his foot being at the same time retained in the stirrup- " uuu iwtuay!) tuy BUrfUD ^^l^SSSS^S so that there is no danger of the'>'Tider's being dragged ;ed along pie the ground." We haxe seen many of these inventions, but they are generally more curious than sseful. Munn's maizenaliasbeenprovedtobe superior to anything imported. It took a prize at the recent show. •Hie Captain of a ship was lately fijied two guineas for smuggling tobacco in a missionary The cultivation of Liquorice has been commenced in Victoria. It thrives well and its juice when extracted is found to be equal to the best imported. Forty-four females of easy virtue were lately brought up the same morning, before the Melbourne Police Court. They were principally young girls—a majority being less than 16 years of age. A Melbourne jury lately fined a man £150 for telling an untruth. He promised to marry a girl and did'nt. *%>• It has been found that ploughs cannot be manufactured fast enough in Adelaide to keep up with the demand. One foundry turns out upwards of 6000 shares weekly. The Pastoral Times mentions that p,t a recent ound sale seven horses were sold for 4s. 2d. per E ead. They were a fair lot, and for the most part young, but in low condition. One Joshua Plumb has commenced business as a " Champion Eater." One day he entered a restaurant and offered to eat all tliat anyone would pay for. The eliallenge having been accepted, he swallowed the following articles :— Ten slices of npple-pie, six corn-cakes, a quarter of a pound of biscuits, six half-pints of pea-nuts, thirty pickled clams, four lemons, an ounce of candy, and two bowls o%soup. He then drank six tumblers of water, and offered to eat a hundred raw oysters, but, as nobody was willing to pay for them, he went off grumbling that he was still very hungry. Kerosene oil cannot now be purchased even in large parcels, at less than 2s. 6d. per gallon. Of course we speak of American kerosene of approved brands. Maize-meal is now greatly used in the Hunter district. It is sold at 9s. foryellow, and 10s. for white, per hundred pounds. About Maitland the late maize will be a failure, in consequence of the persistence of the drought. A country paper tells us of a horse which " came so violently in contact with a tree that it broke its skull, and most miraculous to relate, he escaped without any injury." We suppose it was the rider who escaped, but the paper don't saj- so. The foundation stone of anOdd Fellows' Lodge has been laid at Armidale. It is to cost about £450. The Ba1 hurst, burr is much complained of about Inverell. It seems almost impossible to exterminate that abominable shrub. A writer ; in the Telegraph says " grumbling will not mend the matter"—to which the obvious reply is> ' No ; but combined, persevering effort on the part of the inhabitants, will do a great deal towards suppressing an evil of such magnitude.' Mourn, who was convicted at the Goulbuiji assizes of a murder charged to have lx*n committed two years ago, and who had been sentenced to death, has had the sentence commuted to imprisonment for life. The evideiBjp against him was entirely circumstantial, and n$t absolutelv conclusivc. ti The Macleay Herald, has discovered that there will be a long interval between the last and the next appearance of Sir James Martin in official costume." Mr. Forster will undoubtedly weep sounder after receiving this "Important News from the Macleay." Dr. Johnson, onee speaking of. a quarrelsome fellow, said, "If he had two ideas in hiB head they would most assuredly fall out with each other." ^ The appearance of beggars in the^rtreets of Salt Lake City is noted-by .a. Utah journalist as & pretty strong evidence of " advancing civilisation." The latest monstrosity is that of a man in Vermont who is so tall that he can't tell when 'his toes get cold. . The man wholjas obliged to get on Ms lmees to unscrew the weathfKock of the Old South Meeting-house in Boston was only a little taller thanthu; lengthy Vermonter! A medical practitioner named McMillan has been convicted of administering drugs toproeure abortion, and sentenced to.three veers imprisonment in Bathurst gaol. A Dr. Walker testified that Ergot of Eye was " a dangerous medicine, and even in i&e; hands of a skilftil medical man has been Icnown to produce fatal effects I What a pity that the prisoner's counsel did not ask the doctor for the name of the " skilful medical man" who had been so unfortunate. The writer of this paragraph during ten years continuous residence in one of the largest lying-in hospitals in the world, never witnessed any such result. In- ' deed it is now -seriously doubted whether miscarriage can he produced by the use of this drug. A flilly old woman drowned herself on the Dunmore Estate a few days ago. She spent the last day of her life in drinking. Deceased was about :80 years of age. On a recent occasion, (the Judge who itried a prisoner at Bathurst, remarked that "from the handwriting it was evident that at one time the guilty man must have filled a very different position in society, for his handwriting was better than that of a majority of Clerks of Petty Sessions throughout the colony." Mr. Butler replied that this was a most equivocal compliment to the prisoner's penmanship, and said verydittle for it. The WesteM*jPost is responsible for this. The Toss Courier tells us-rthat a vagabond named Ford selected last Sunday morning, just when the church-bells were ringing, for abrutal assault upon liis wife in the streets of that town. The woman fled in the direction of the vicarage and was followed by her husband. They were met by the Arch-deacon, .-whose remonstrances only drew a volley of abuse upon his own head. A constable soon came along and took the man to the lock-up; we hope the Justices gave bim two-dozen the next morning. Tha MaiOand Mercury otntains the following pleasing item:—No doubt many of our local readers will remember that Mr. Adam Mather, then a miller at Paterson, became insolvent, to the surprise of not a few, who knew him to be an industrious, honest man. Subsequently, Mr. Mather had charge of a mill at Dungog. It appears that not long since a relative of his died m England, and that he thus came into possession of .a few thousand pounds. One of thejjgrst uses he has made of the money is to look up his old debts, at the time of his insolvency, and pay them off. A person on Long Island, near New Tork, breeds trout in such abundance in a small run of water that he derives an income of nearly £7000 per annum from- anglers, independently of the money realised from the sale of young fish for Jakes and rivers. Theaverage return from the Queensland sugar plantations during the past season has not reached two tons per acre. 