LOOKING BACK. (BY TENNYSON'S GHOST.) I THOUGHT to write in breakfast time, but here till now I am, And all about the rooms I smell the odour of the lamb; How strangely do the senses change, how differently appeals The smell of anything to eat, before and after meals. O, dully, I remember, rose the morning of the Cup! But I rose full of hope and joy. Ere evening all was up! Circassian never had a chance, and Warrior walked away With gloves more than I care to count, and more than I can pay. It seemed so hard at first to think another horse had won, But when the numbers showed aloft I knew that I was done! The book I made had something wrong; I fancied I was bound To win, yet lost, I scarce know what, but much above a pound. Alas, alas! as HARRY says, this is a world of change; To buy and sell, and sell and buy, completes our mortal range; He only moralises thus when fortune's moon is dark, And HARRY dropped some hundreds, I conjecture, in the Park. Enough of that. On Saturday I went with all the world To see the flower-show—dressed in blue, my hair all crimped and curled; We entered on the stroke of three—we could no sooner reach; Besides, as HARRY said, it saved a bob and half on each. I scarcely saw a single flower, the crush was so intense; The cabbages were very fine, the strawberries immense; The cherries too looked fresh and cool—I think that some one might Have bid me take a few, but no—men are so unpolite. But better did I like to walk and listen to the band, And see the latest fashions on the fairest in the land; And listen, too, to other strains—ah me, my heart is broke; I wonder if this too will end, like many such, in smoke! I spoke a while to Mrs B.—great pity she's so deaf; Then past came dowdy Mrs. T. and pretty EMMA F. The latter once was HARRY'S flame; he raved about her hair, Which, if but christianly put up, is doubtless very fair. But lo, the night is wearing on; all lights are out but mine; The sky is flecked with mottled clouds—to-morrow will be fine; I'll look for you in Collins-street, do you for me the same: You know your correspondent's hand, and so I'll sign NO NAME. 