Were Dean Savift living in Victoria now be might find ample materials for writing the history of another people, and of lashing- with his satire the ano- malies of the age. Legal iniquities would afford the satirist ample scope for his powers. For instance, a poor fellow with Lis little game ot " three- up" is martihed off the racecourse and securely lodged in the lock-up, and eventually has to pay the penalty for his daring to try and fleece a gullible public. The man, though, that wil fully pulls his horse in the race, and puts himself and his confederates in for a good thing, is out of the law's reach. Victims may be certain of their having been victimised, and may feel very sore under their loss, but the utmost punishment that they can bring on the offender is that he be disqualified from- running, on the course for a period of twelve months. The puller pockets his gains,' and wil lingly submits to his exclusion for so limited a period. Our law courts pre sent another most glaring anomaly. A. is a witness in a case. B. is a barrister engaged ; B. may bully A. — may try to make him out guilty of a breach of every commandment in the decalogue, and almost tell the poor witness to his face that, instead of being in the witness-box, he ought to be in the prisoner's dock. All this goes on beneath tho judge's notice : the crowd in court enjoy the fun : the wit ness, tired at last of being bad gered and maligned, turns round upon the counsel, and indulges in a little plain speech to him. He had better have submitted to all the bul lying and blackguarding. For now the Court steps in, and that awful phrase, contempt ot court, is blandly spoken, it may be by the presiding judge, and the barrister indulges in his sport of impaling his victim with greater zest. It would never do for witnesses and barristers to be engaging in wordy conflicts, but there is another alternative — the barrister as well a9 the witness might be compelled to observe some of the conventionalities and customs of life. Again, if an unfortunate news paper editor makes a mis-statement he is liablo for his error. It matters not that in making the statement he believed it to be true, and made it for a right purpose, still he is liable to a harassing law-suit. Now, why should Mr. C , who rejoices in the affix of M.L.A. to his name, be able, in his place in the House, to make all sorts of charges against any one ? Language the most offensive may be used, and motives the basest he im- .puted. The hon. member, under shelter of his privilege, may openly utter all these things. The newspaper that publishes them as a mere report of what took place in Parliament is sub ject to a responsibility for so doing. The man who is attacked, if he repels the charge, is liable to be brought up to the bar of the honorable House for an offence against its privileges, when he ha3 only been defending his own character. These are only a few of the anomalies that present themselves on the surface of our colonial life.. Such as they are, they would form fitting subjects, for the pen of our" colonial Thacicebay, if we had one, and the pencil's of our colonial Cruikshanks. What. does it meant Mr. O'S ha rass y, last evening, in describing the work of the Upper House for the next week, spoke ot it as tilliBg the soil. planting trees, and destroying noxious vermin. The said noxious vermin he afterwards described as political dingoes, and expressed himself to the effect that the Upper IIouEe would deserve the thanks of the general public if it suc ceeded in extirpating these vermin. Who are the political dingoes; and how are they to be destroyed ? Did Mr. O'SnANASSv mean that the late Ministry were dingoes who have been preying on the gentle public and de- stroyir g, for the mere love of mischief; or. is it that .Vlr.O'SnANAssYhad some occult reference to some mysterious creatures who have been fattening on the spoils of corruption and political chicanery 1 If so, the country will surely feel very grateful to the Council for destroying such vermin. But the question still comes back — Where are they ? Are they in the Assembly, or in the Coun cil? Are they in the public depart ments, or are they outside the magic circle of the civil service ? If Mr. O'Shanassy would condescend to en lighten us as to the habitat of the political dingo, the mischief he has done, and the certainty of his doing more, he might enlist, net only h's confrer,s in the Council in the work of destruction, bnt also every honest man <0 tho colony. At the present the gamo Mr. O'S ran assy is seeking to destroy is to the public something like Mr. Chafjian's sack full of ghosts. Tho political dingoes aro either a myth, or else they are so shrouded in obscu rity that no one' but Mr. O'Siia- nassy has been able to ferret them out. Wo only hope that his work of destruc tion will he complete ; if so, thero are some of this gentleman's former asso ciates who most assuredly will have to undergo the fate of extirpation. 