. CUP GOSSIP. To judge from the great influx of visitors dating tho past fevr days it would seom as though the Spring meeting was attracting a greater share of interest tuan~nsa&1, ∋ ib is ansfideiitly expected that tho course to-day will present a gayer appearance than it lias ?ihibiled for these ten yoars past, which period ii memorable for the great contest still in the recollection of all ardent turfites, when the Fly ing Bnck defeated a lurgo Cold of hoiseB in tha iirit champion race over run in tha colo nies. The introduction of champion raocs was »t the time looked upon as a great boon, and tha principal towns in each of the colonies an nounced tiieix intf nWon of following bo good in example. In fact, it was thought that tha commercial reputation of a towa de pended very much npon ~ ita ability to hold a chnmpion meeting or not ; there hn, to show their itrecgth and importance, frogrammes of two or three thousands of ponndswere perpetually being launched. They wtro, however, in time discovered to be non m;ing, and maty clubs were loft to regret that thay ha^ ever expended so muoh money. At champion races died out, handicaps began to Uni increased favor, and thoy have now become iwirerial.tlie Melbourne Cup taking precedence of all others. Fur the luit six months everybody ati been trying to pick the winner. Some fair b-T9 succeeded, no doubt, bnt many have not fcen bo fortauate, and even now at the eleventh boor are endeavoring to penetrate themyitery ubioh at this lute period hides the winner's nime frem view. I will, therefore, endeavor to throw n little light upou the subject, and give Djr reasons for the opinions I have formed ai we jog along. In tho first placo, I shall ?triko out sixteen as having not a ghost of f show. TheBO are Ceqaotte, who h overwfighted ; Barbellp, the veriest ?' jtdei in publio and not now reliable even ??private, Tho Monk is too slow; Limp-. ughter is doad amiaj, and Barwoa is with; ««n. Freetrader's form wo were enabled tO]aa'ga of last week, and it is not good 'Mgh. Bishopbourne fell through in the Hotham Handicap, and Puotor could only get «&-nd for the sunia event. Phosphorus hai recently been amiss, while Kestrel was a bad iwrthfor the kto Derby, and Miranda has t» olten tiicd and been found wanting. Shamrock is a country plater only, and Dold w unweceBBful hurdleracer. Miss Gonntanoe to just suffered defeat, and . Lap -«9 Adelaide running ia not equal to this nnnniinn nr,A TI,« ei|h .„ __t « (83 race. Then come a division of nine wm«anoff chanco ; of these Cjmba, brother MliUtlo Fi«b, coiaeg of a family I do not like, «WWM the is a raean- looking weed, and I have ao laitU whatever in her pretension! ; Norms, w» I cannot believe bas foot enough to win a sr l\° mila taoe '? aad 'ne muCQ taunted weet Anchor who, on tho other hand, cannot '»»? jhen there is Pbcebe, who has never wou ?gooa race in good company, and Paddy's ^na whose very-best performances are slow. w John is said to be a tritte short of work, and 'imereton s chief reoommendstion ia that he «»n boat Freetrader ? lastly, Australian and «™-P. both lack safaaieut pace. Of the nmaimng eight horses I must dismiss Manukn, weaujr, grdLa a-h0M0 M he ig he .3 not *8',1 T?'1 witUaIlhia weight, he wouldran Weron, Bbo ha. never done any 'S to rocomraend him, and wb.039 Joola are decidedly far from prppos3es«ing. Then cornea Albany, onn who has rnu both fast and well at this diaUnoo, bnt tho wretohed exhibition ho marie io tho Hotham Handicap reluctantly oompolc me to look fnrther ahead. The next n?e Sa!em Scadder and Warrior, both game determined animals and bound to run very forward in the race ; bat I conf«»» X have' a' great weakness for the winner of tho Hotham Hundw csp, Aarora, who landad her oolors very cleverly lant week, and who will strip as fit as anything in th« ri»ee. She, however, has a superior in her stable in the shape of tbe Derby colt Charon, who with 24 lbs off his baok and 5 lbs improvement in condition, will make it very hot all the way through. Ilehss plenty of foot, is aB game as a pebble, and there are ttrong reasons for be lieving ho can stay. Lastly comes the great gun Circassian, who I should prefer to oil others did I think him a* fit as when he. ran in Svdnev : but I am oonfident he ia not so, therefore he is liable to be beaten. The only difficulty re maining if to discover the one cipible of ao oomplisbing the tank, acd nono will know until tho numbers are up, when they will appear— Obaron, first; OirenS3inn, second; tind Aurora, thvru. T~? is tho' 8«n conviction of a.n old tout, who hag given each of them .1 trial with hia. BICYCLE. 