C|îjlariettrîn^gïnteg. Election gossip forme BO muoh of the week's inoident that, without departing from my provinoo by entering into the politioal moritB or demerits of the candidates, I may refer to one or two points. Here is our prosy friend Mr. Burns, now-a gontleman whose style of Parliamentary oratory always reminded me of rain running down a sink-hole. Poor fellow, he has been beaten at the Hunter, and I am sorry for him, for I think he wi.l feel it keenly. But ha has a queer way of accounting for it. A telegram was published yesterday, saying that Mr. Burns "attributed bis defeat to his numoroua supporters not leaving their crops lo voit for him." Well, now, I should think that this argument cut the other way too, for if thero is anything in it, tho victory of bia opponent must bo ..cribed to tko fact that his supporters BID leave their crops to vote for bim. It is a queerly consolatory remark for a defeated candidate to say that ho should havo boon eleotod if certain peoplo who stayed away had thought it worth while to oomo and vote for bim. But I think one of the greatest exhibitions of the kind this woos is that of Mr. Farnell, at Parramatta. He has torribly assailed Robertson's reputation for originality as a legislator, for ho says that, so far from his law boing original, " tho present freo soleotion system existed in this cilouy iu 1795, when land could be froc- soleotoi .n tho banks of the Hawkesbury or Hunter rivers." Now what do you think of thia superlativo ninny ? Aa t matter of foot I believe that about tho time men- tioned a few treed prisoners and others wore ronlly allowed to settle cn tho Hawkesbury ; bat a military guard waa sent to look af tor them. Froo selection after this f aBhion existed oanturies beforo. Bat Mr. Farnell hu evidently no contemptible opinion of his own importance. " If elooted at all," he said, "he would he elected on his merits BB a politician 1" His merits «ta politician! - Exquisito jest 1 I see, though, that hs said something, whioh was at least intended to bo moro serious, about your valuable journal. Address- ing his proposed constituents, he said: "You could hive any man writton down in that paper for liva ?billings, He was quite sure of tbaV Now I certainly don't think that a man could havo muoh in him if ho could be so oheaply " written down" any- where. In fact I am " quite euro of that." But Mr, Farnell need be undor no apprehension that anybody would give five shillings, er fivo ponce, for tho very evy Work of writing HIM down. He has long since sons the job himself, and he never matos ono of his drivelling speeches without achieving tho distinction fat whioh Dogberry was so anxious, and " WIUTINO jmtssis »own-A» Aes !" The qneation "¿Who beheaded Eirg Charles ?" was long a subjeotof doubt and debate, and I imagine that the at leest equally interesting inquiry " Who shot Sing Parkes ?" was asked in many quarters of Sydney and its s nburbs last Sunday. It night, with some of oar retainers of oolonial querier possess a dogroo of interest and mystery'equal to that of tho well-known qnoetion " Who struck Buckley ?" I have always boen inclined to think that tho individual lost alluded to is a myth. There nevor was a Buokley, or, if there was, no body ever strack him at all. He is ono of the maeou lin . Mrs, Harrises of history. As to Charles, he had his bea d out off sure enough, for his coffin bas since been disinterred in St. Gcorgo's Chapel at Windsor, and it wai ascertained that the " decollatua" passed npon hita by Bradshaw was complote; but with reference to Mr. Parkea I remain in some little doubt. Tho report that ho had boon shot it Kiama was everywhere about. Whether the assaesin nw the Kiama Ghost or any sympathising spirit, seledy conld tell, but of the fact itself thora waa not tie slightest doibt ; and many bad bson rendored BO nervous by tho new editions of liegende of Terror and liles of Horror BO diligently spread abroad during tho (ut few months, that their imaginations oonjurcd up lb wildest visions. The incantation scene in the wHohes' glen ; Zamiol and his seven charmed bullets; Di* Wilden Yager galloping with hÍB flory pack through tho clouds ; and all the terrible tales of German romance, when the Vehmgerioht was in ita glory, flashed upon the exoitod imagination. I confess that I received eome comfort whon 1 heard that tho polite magazine with whioh tho dofunot patriot was .apposed to be conn cot od had oomo out with an illustration and the motto " Resurgam ;" ind I have Binco been told that ho has redeemed his vota, having keon leon " ro-visiting tho glimpses of tha moon" on several ocaasions- his first appearanoa nearly frightening the spectators into fits. He and his Mea ds, I should suppose, will tako nothitig by their m etion when thoy so ofton raise the cry of " Wolf," I nd though thero may havo been some feeling on the matter amongst the orcduloua who "took in" this now Slams Mystery on Sunday, tho af tor effect was rc Mlionary-just as it must havo bsen with regard to that humbug Mr. Mantalino, after ho had poisoned himself for tho seventh timo. Mr. Parkes and bia friends must be bo haunted by an awful bugbear of threatening letters and assaeeination; and I suppose, la the end.'ha will have to protect himself by means of i ballet- proof sheet iron casting, aa Louis Philippo did with his carriage after tho affair of Fieechi, Theso aro toma of tho penalties of greatneis. Bat away with electors and politics, and let us have i look st the'Flying Squadron. Hero aro the voesels of the whole ¿est most beautifully doeeribed by a poet who came out in one of them. He includes the Bristol, howovor, and hints that eho was relieved by <hePhasbe»t.Bahia:-r-. He Liverpool aa flagship, AdnüráíHornby you know, Squires dod'u assistance: whorevor wo go ; J. 0. Hopkins, tor captain, and (pins thirty-UTO, To attend to all signals you must look nitre. The Bristol, tblrty.ouo, Captain Wilson and cadets, ' Wl'l be relloTod by tho rhrobo when to Bahia Blio gats ; The next li the Liffey,' with Uilrty-flvo guns, ' J. 0. Johnson her captain, who hos modo somo good runs. . The Eniljmlon.'Ctptaln Lacy, a flue looking frigate. With guns Iwenty-ono, siro 1B as right aa a trivet ; While tho Phcoba, Captain Bytheaoa, and guns flve-and-thlrty, Boara a nomo for hoing smart, and nevor looks dirty. The next ara cotrotros tho Scylla twonty- ono, , Captain Herbert at casa can drlvo bor along; The Barrosa, Captain Gibson, and gun» sotonteen, Steals along like, rt snake whon tho eeo. is groan, i lam not go.ing to malro any remarks npon thia poetry. , which, I'll bo bound to say, ia quita up to tho standard of eome that you aro aoked to insert. The idea of liking advantage of tho greenness of tho sos, howovor. to steal alon'g71iio "a" snako, is quito charaoteriatio of ' touch that'wo'"nil' eeo about us. Wo oro to have a ! «him fight, as I suggosted last week. ? Tho boats are : to attaok tho fotts ; and oomo slanderous people say ; thit the Volunteers selected to defend tho latter aro to ; hs thoio who. have distinguished themselves on tho . Albert Ground nVfl'rst'-ráto runners; . Thon to-day wo hare the presentation ot oolouro in th« Domain, i 'hen eome ' of ?'? tho ' officori . and men of tts fliat will bo proeent;' and, what i with, balls, dinners, and piontor, then would bo a ; lively time of ii only for thoBo plaguy olootiens. And : pow at this same timo wo otu seo mustering round us : tho unmistakable oigns of Christmas ooming. Tnrkoys ; ito migrating, but, nias, with thoir legs, tied, Grooors' , Windows aro beginning to bo piled up with the suggec : lira onrrants and plume ; and in many places ara to be i icon groups of captivo gosce, oooklinp; in tones not to bo : misunderstood, :nnd'evidently putting forward thoir ; most poworful arguments in favour of tho abolition of i «Pliai puniohmoitt ' I am afraid that tho authorities 5 Wno havo to oonslder thoir caso will be found rcmoreo i lon, and that moat of thom oro irrevocably doomed to . ! «. spit. Some of ray lady friends oro mott earnest in : their wishes-that tho fleet may cloy hore till the Il Christmas holiday!) oro over, and think that tho ! Admiral would ba euro to do ao it ho know that thoy iWjhedhlm, " Oh,complaisant faith ia.man-butyet 