$mw Ititelfigetttt. GREAT BRITAIN. A RCHBIS HO? MANNING AT AK01± MOORFIELDS. Thpre was a crowded congregation at Hoorfields Pro-Cathedral on Sunday morn ing to hear Archbishop Manning on the T^ileee of the Pope. The distinguished ;£K gave out the text « What shall I re hiy unto the Lord for all the benefits He ;'aas given unto me? I will receive the '?? *imiif-A ni salvation, and will call upon the name of the Lord.' Having entered at ? great length into the history of thaPontifi * *ate of Pius IX., and read a list of the bene dictory contributors, and pleaded for the ' offerings, of his congregation, Dr. Manning concluded :— Amanwho once served the Holy father as a Minister— I believe he was his Minister of Finance, or in some such public capacity— when his interest made the occa : aion, betrayed the master who had trusted liim. Traitor as he was, he enriched himself in the service of the enemy. He died miser ably, bereft of reason, in a house which he ' had sacrilegiously seized from a religious body. May God have mercy on him ! Ot ' ?'? that man the Holy Father once said to me, '; and it was the keenest, sharpest word that in eighteen years I have ever heard fromthe \- lips of Pius IX., even when speaking of his bitterest enemies :— ' He served me once, and if I would pay him he would serve me again.' That man in the Legislature once used these words :— ' You may believe that the Papacy is dead. I believe that -the Papacy is most powerful ; and Ahe had reason to know it. The -? Papacy — that is, the throne of the , ' Vicar of Jesus Christ on earth— is most ?'? powerful. In spite of revolutions it is powerful, because it is founded on the Rock against which the gates of Hell shall not pre vail ; because it is upheld by that Divine Head who will never suffer it to be over turned ; because it is surrounded on every side, not only by the providence of God, but ~by the personal action and operation of the Holy Ghost, who rules the hearts of men ; but 'more than this, though less in itself, be cause it is founded on the faith of Christen dom. The strength of the Papacy is not diminished. The whole Christian world be lieves that the throne of the Vicar of our Lord- is the centre of Catholic unity; the source of divine jurisdiction ; the fountain ' of -? an infallible voice. That faith in the Ixeart of the Christian world is so rooted that \- ??aot a century of revolutions— not eighteen ? centuries of revolutions — have even effaced :Vifc. The Papacy is strong, because it is founded on the love of the nations of Chris tendom. They recognise it as part of their religion. The independence, the freedom, the dignity of the head of their Church they ihold dearer than life itself. When it is threatened they rally round it. If it were necessary they would give their life for it. It is not that kings or governments protect at, it is the nations and the peoples of the -Christian world whose will it is. The ??hand of power which overshadows with . protection the person of Pius IX. would '-not be near Rome now if the love of the Christian world did not .dictate that pro tection ; and the love of the Christian world would not constrain those who unwillingly protect the Vicar of our Lord to do so if the will of God did not order it. The Papacy is indeed powerful. It has every element of J power, every guarantee of perpetuity, and a ; ?divine sovereignty over the souls of men. ;So it has been — so it will be. Conflicts may come again. It will not be strange if Pius IX. be again in exile, for he has been in exile once. He is prepared for any eventuality. He is prepared for all things but to yield, to bend, or to betray that for which the grace ?of God has made him inflexible. He is strong, and the Papacy is strong also in Ms personal character in that character of ???mildness, of charity, of love, of pardon, which is resplendent in his history. He is strong in that inflexible and immovable con stancy which neither threat nor bribe has ever been able to turn from the course in which his Master went before him. He is strong in justice— that justice in dealing with his own subjects and: justice in dealing with his enemies which makes him the ex \- ample of. sovereignty on earth. ? The words of prophecy,' Thy throne, 0 God, is for ever and ever,' are fulfilled. The throne of the Vicar of Jesus Christ is a throne of divine au thority. 'The sceptre of Thy kingdom is a sceptre of equity.' His justice is more than bare justice. It is justice in its most equit able and considerate form, and that throne ?of equity is strong. Whatsoever may come hereafter this is certain that the world will i\p-vftr prevn.il against it. Saint Gregory VII. died in exile, but the throne of Saint Gregory VII. reigns at this hour in the person of Pius IX. It might be that Pius IX. might -Ue in exile. Let the world know that exile would be chosen rather than concession. Those words which came from the mouth of an inspired Apostle, ' We cannot,' signify ' We oueiht not.' God in Hia justice and in His truth forbade it, and they little know, :aot only Pius IX., but the line of men with -?whom they have to do, if they think that compromise will ever be found either in him or in his successor. And if the world in its fury, baffled in its intrigues, and defeated in its violence, should endeavoui to drive him again from the sacred throne, where he is in stalled by a Divine authority, be sure that if in his last hour he should say, as Saint Gregory said at Salerno, on his death-bed. ' I have loved justice, and have hated ini quity, therefore I die in exile,' his own con sciousness, as well ass the voice of any who standby him, will answer, 'Holy Father, in exile the Vicar of Christ can never die, for God has said, ' I will give thee the Gen tiles for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession.'' 