I THE CLOSEST SHAVE IN MY LIFE. j WELL, sir ! it is quite true ; I have seen a good many funny J things since I have been in the Company's service ; and one or two terrible things, to say nothing of ever so many narrow escapes ; but the narrowest of all I ever heard of was told to I me by a gentleman, one night in the summer, when we had a ? "very full up-train, and I gave him a seat in my van. We were \ talking about over-crowding and danger, and so on ; and as we had an unbroken run before us of twenty minutes, he related to me what happened to him last Boxing-day, when, as I dare say you well remember, we had one of the worst fogs in and ail ; round about London we have had for years. Now his story made a great impression on me ; heetold it very well, andi ii have thought about it so much since that I think I could tell it 'j to you pretty nearly in his very words ; at any rate it is better I Worth your hearing than any adventures of my own. He began i| somewhat after this fashion-and you must please suppose you \ are listening to him instead of to me. j " The fog that last Boxing-day enveloped . London and j twelve miles round,' as the letter-box phrase has it, bore in the ¡ metropolis itself the usual pea-soup-like character, and caused, as we know, immense interruption even to the little business going forward on that general holiday. But I was only con- cerned with it as regards the country, where it was white and » luminous, failing to obscure entirely an unclouded sun, yet was » nevertheless so thick that shrubs, trees, and all objects were invisible until you were within half a yard of them, when they ; shot up, as it were, out of the ground, or from the dark, impene 5 trable veil in which the whole neighborhood was wrapped. As fte evening drew on, it gradually lost its vapory, ghost-like character, and silently settled into a pall of blackness incon * ceivably dense. If you had been in a coal-cellar, with your eyes bandaged with black velvet or crape, you could not have teen more utterly in the dark than I was when I found myself half a dozen yards from my uncle's house on that fatal night. I He lives in a suburb composed of the usual semi-detached villas, and within five minutes' walk of a railway station, which stands at the bottom of a deep cutting, and is approached by a series of zig-zag stairways. Last Christmas-time, bricks and mortar were doing their worst with the locality ; for fresh erections were in progress in all directions, the building of which involved many changes in the adjacent roads and lanes. Barriers were being broken down, fresh pailings put up, bye-ways were being cut through hedges and meadows, until the whole place was wearing that forlorn aspect which is consequent upon the trans- formation of the country into ' suburb.' I have been in the habit of spending the so-called festive season with my uncle ever since he first went to reside ' a little way out of town' : but it so happened that I had not been down for twelve months before this particular visit, and these recent alterations had diverted the^road to his house from the old direction, to the side of the railway, by which it now ran parallel for some distance at the top bf the cutting. A new row of houses was in progress facing the iron highway as if it were a river, or the sea, or some delightful prospect, which would necessarily enhance the value of rents, and I hardly recognised the spot (so altered was it since steam first placed this once rural district within twenty minutes of London), until I found myself in front of Burnside Villa. In company with my faithful little Scotch terrier. Bogie, who, like his master, was always grateful for a sniff of fresh air, I arrived there on the 24th of December, but certain important business engagements very early on the mornffig of the 27th would compel me to return on the evening of Boxing day. The members of our little family gathering, and especially my uncle, Avere greatly disappointed at the proposed curtail- ment of my visit, continuing to urge many reasonable protests against it. The festive season, the jollity of the party, the long- time since we had met, and so forth, were all brought to bear as valid objections to my departure, and when the thick fog gradually increased in intensity, as the afternoon of the twenty sixth drew on, it was naturally added as an overwhelming rea- son for my staying-at any rate till the following morning. We had attempted a walk, but were driven home by the damp and discomfort. *By four o'clock every semblance of light had dis- appeared from the sky, and I was pronounced little short of a lunatic tb think of going out again that night. I was. obdurate, however, for my business was imperative, no morning train . would land me in London sufficiently early, and I determined to carry out-my original intention, laughing to scorn the notion that I should not find my way. Dinner passed off rather gloomily, for my obstinacy, as it was called, had caused some show of temper. I was annoyed at the importunities of my relatives, when I had made it evident to them that it was really necessary for me to go ; and when, at half-past eight, I rose to say ' good- bye !' my uncle met me this time with very angry remonstrances. Walking to the door, and peering out into the night, he exclaimed, whilst I was putting on my overcoat, ' Why, confound it, sir ! you'll break your neck if you attempt ! it ; you are a downright idiot to think of setting foot out of the I house in this weather-you know we have no gas yet, and you can't see A/our hand before you !' ' Business,' I began. ' Busi- ness !' he interrupted sarcastically, ' you were not always so particular about being punctual, and this fog is sufficient reason for any delay.' * I can't help it/ I retorted, nettled still more at his ironical reference to my early laxity in sticking to work, always a sore point with me, f I mean to go, and that's all about it.' Then there was a little further altercation, in«which the rest of the party joined, a few sharper words were exchanged, temper increased on both sides, and at last, snatching up my carpet-bag and umbrella, and whistling to Bogie, I dashed put of the house, slamming the door behind me. The moment afterwards I repented having done so, for then, "and notstill then, did Bf illly realise the state of thé atmosphere. A petty and ridiculous pride", in spite of my strong inclination, prevented ray knocking for re-admission. Tapping my way, therefore, with, my umbrella, like a blind man, I managed with great difficulty to descend the steps and reach the garden-gate, though how I did this even, without accident, is a mystery, for the blackness was, as I have said, more intense than can be conceived. Once in the highway, I knew I had only to skirt the hedge for a short distance on my left, and I should strike the new road already referred to by the side of the railway. It was now little more1 than half-past eight, the train was not due till nine o'clock, and as five minutes would amply suffice to bring me to the station, I had plenty of time before me. I walked therefore leisurely forward ; but ere I had gone many paces I suddenly slipped off what I supposed was the raised pathway, falling flat on the ground, my umbrella and carpet-bag spinning away into the darkness. For a few minutes I vainly groped about on all sides in helpless efforts to regain my property, and when at last, amidst twistings and!turnings, I kicked against the carpet-bag, I had, of course, completely lost my reckoning. I had then no more idea than the man in the moon in which direction lay the station or my uncle's cottage. I listened in the hope of catch- ing some sound to guide me, but a death-like stillness prevailed, and it is needless to add, that no semblance of a light anywhere could penetrate such intense obscurity. Do what I would, 1 could not find my umbrella, my only staff and guide against further pitfalls. Poor little Bogie kept very close to my heels, evidently feeling sure that in this lay his sole chance of no1 utterly losing himself.. My temper, ruffled at starting, had no1 been improved by what followed, and I am afraid the dog's assiduity met with but scant consideration at nvy hands, oi rather feet. Again and again I groped in the mud and wet, but the umbrella was not to be» found. I could not have beer then very far from Burnside Villa, and had I then but hallooed probably I should have been heard, and so escaped the furthei miseries of that eventful night; but again my stupid pride anc irritable disposition held me silent, and instead, I inveighed inwardly against the selfishness and apathy of my relations ir not so much as coming to the door to look after me. ' The idea,' I perversely thought, 1 of letting a man go forth in such £ fog, and make no effort to see after him ; it was absolutel) brutal.' I said in my anger ; 4 no ! I would not go buck now even if they did come out, no matter what happened.' Vexec with myself, and in a kind of rage at my own helplessness, anc Avith them, for what I most unreasonably called (considering what had passed) their inhospitality, I positively set off in des peration at a rapid walk. In such tremendous darkness I neec hardly say this was simply the act of a madman ! Strange tc add, however, I went on for a considerable distance, in m] blind impetuosity, without any mishap, and as I imagined in í straight line. Suddenly something struck me a violent blow or the head, which, knocking off my hat, sent me reeling. Then ] slipped, and toppled over, I knew not where or how far ! I wa: in a deep pool of water, out of which I could hardly climb by \ muddy bank, and what felt like a half-built Avail. Here my do< somehow contrived to join me. In this terrible plight I nov put my hand out and caressed him. By degrees, as I somewha regained my Avits, I seemed to fancy that he Avanted me t< folloAV him. He whined, and scratched, arid moved cautiously a little way from me along the top of the Avail on Avhich I Ava¡ sitting. Then I began to craAvl after him, Avhich appeared t< give him great satisfaction, though he Avent very sloAvly, hardly ever getting out of my arm's reach, his tail wagging the Avhih in my face. Then there was a bank, grass-tufted aud muddy up Avhich oh my hands and knees I scrambled after the dog until I came upon a tolerably hard bit of level ground, Avhich . guessed must be the road. Here I rested for some minutes thoroughly cooled in temper, cut, bruised, and Avet through A. - literally not-, knowing what I ought to clo next. Not a sound could be heard-; everything was muffled by the impenetrable pall ! I shouted lustily for help- my voice did not seem to travel a yard. Things now looked really very serious ; it was quite certain I could not stay on the ground all ni..-ht, yet I was almost afraid to move, after what had occurred. I shouted, and shouted in vain ; for who should be abroad to hear me, in such a place, and in such weather ? I could not tell in what direc- tion I had steered, and I felt thoroughly disheartened. Stiff, benumbed, and inexpressibly miserable, at last I rose, hardly knowing with what intention, but incapable of remaining longer quiet, under such circumstances. I moved forward some little distance, but despite the utmost caution, proceeding at a snail's pace, feeling each piece of ground with the point of my foot before I ventured to rest my weight on it, I, notwithstanding, in a very few minutes again almost lost my footing, and before I was aware of it, was on the edge of another sloping, slippery bank. So suddenly did I come upon it, that I could not recover my equilibrium in time to prevent my involuntary descent ; not this time losing my foot-hold entirely, but having nevertheless to run down to save myself from falling, as one has to do when once in motion on the side of a very steep hill. The impetus, of course, increased every second ; the weight I had on me soon became terrific, and plunging forward in this horrible darkness, I caught my foot in something which threw me headlong for- ward on the ground. Then I rolled over and over-two or three times, until at last my head struck with great violence against some hard substance, which stunned me, and I suppose arrested my further progress. My earliest sensation, after what I have described, was a sort of dreamy droning sound of music in my ear, not altogether unpleasant, for the first moment or two of consciousness, but gradually increasing to a dull heavy roar, which, with a vague feeling of pain and apprehension, seemed by degrees to awaken my stunned faculties. What was my head resting on ? what was the cold, ice substance against which my benumbed ear was pressed down ? Slightly raising- myself, I involuntarily put out my hand to feel, and then, not all at once, for I was yet half-stupefied, I began to -realise where I was. Without a doubt, I was lying across the railway. The tremulous JEolian-harp-like sound, which had aroused me, was caused by a train which I could now distinctly hear, with its engine snorting and whistling, at no great distance, but whose first approach had been conveyed to merthrough the vibration of the metal, as I lay with the side of my head actually resting on the iron way itself ! The fog was as thick as ever ; still the same utter blank of darkness all around, and although I help- lessly strained my eyeballs almost to bursting in the direction whence the noise came, no lights were visible ; but one ray of thought flashed into my mind, sufficiently clear to show me the full horror of my situation. Was I positively between the line of rails pr on the six-foot way, as the space is called, which separates the up and down lines ? I grew dizzy with the uncer- tainty ; and unnerved, hurt and exhausted as I was I felt for some seconds incapable of action. Yet the train was coming on nearer and nearer, and I must make an effort. I tried to rise, and as I did so, I immediately fell again in great agony ! I then knew that my leg was broken ! The danger whistle of the engine ever inci easing in volume sounded to my now scared wits within a few yards of me ; I fancied 1 could even distinctly hear the puffing of the steam and the rattling of the carriages, so close were they upon me. A frightful death appeared inevi- table ; for even then, in the midst of my bewilderment, I knew I was partially resting on the metals. More suddenly thon I can describe, and as if by a miracle, my whole presence of mind and energy returned. I had only a minute or so to spare, but I deliberately felt up and down the rail as far as my arm could reach, and carne to the conclusion that I was undoubtedly lying in the very track of the train. The level was somewhat lower than the six-foot space, as it always is ; moreover, I could feel one of the chairs, or iron sockets, in which 'the rail rests, and is so secured to the sleepers, one of which was directly under me, thus leaving no doubt of my position. The ground trembled with the swift nearing of the engine and its load, just as by a desperate effort with arms, elbows, and shouldeis (I hardly know how,) I.managed to half drag, half roll myself out of its way. In another second, with a frightful shriek, a momentary burst of light, a shower of sparks, dust, and cinders, scorching me with its hot breath, and deafening me with thefroar and rattle, the fiery monster, with its serpent-like tail, swept past me within an inch or two of my head, and almost grazing my shoulder, as I lay parallel to its death-dealing course ! The ; whirl and clatter that succeeded in my brain again left me stupefied ; but this time I was aroused by the friendly caress of poor Bogie, who had found me out, and was licking my face, barking and scratching at me with his paws. The faithful doggie had acted as worthily in this emergency as if he had been born and trained at the hospice of St. Bernard. I found afterwards that I had never been very far from the station, where Bogie had eventually made his appearance, and was recognised by a porter, who had noticed him with me on Christmas-day. The animal's proceedings further attracted attention. He ran in and out of the door, barking and yelping piteously; then away into the darkness, and back again, until he induced the man to come out on to the platform to see what was the matter. Struck by the dog's importunities, and not finding me there, he concluded naturally that I had lost my way. Holloaing from, time to time, and getting no answer, he returned for a lantern, and with one of his mates was guided by - the dog to the spot where I Jay, The fog; lifting soon after the last up-train had passed-the one which nearly cost me my life -they had less difficulty in discovering the direction Bogie took. Finding that he kept straight along the line, and still getting no answer to their repeated cries; the porters imagined, when .they came up with me, which they did almost immedi- ately after I had been roused by the dog's caresses, that I had been run over and killed. I soon explained how matters were, and a shutter being procured, I, not long after, found myself in the. station-master's, snug parlour. My leg is quite well now, andi have examined the zig-zag route which brought me to such terrible grief after I had left my uncle's cottage. Mean- while I had been informed that there were unmistakeable evidences which showed distinctly that Iliad fallen, in the first place, into the foundations of the partly-finished houses fronting the railway on the new road, and the blow I had received on the head was from a protruding scaffold-pole, against which I had deliberately walked, having, by mere chance, taken, in my bewilderment, the direct route to the station. . In making my precipitate descent of the sloping railway cutting, which I had come upon through a carelessly left gap in the temporary bar- riers, I had been tripped up by the low wires running along the side of the line, by which certain signals, some little way down it, are worked from the station itself. The fog which had put me in my perilous position at the same time served to preserve me, for. had not the up-train which I, was going to catch been delayed by it for more tlian half an hour, the engine -would inevitably have cut my head off, as T lay stunned and senseless in its track." * * * This Avas the gentleman's account of his accident ; he finished it just as we were running into the station, and I think you will admit it was about as close a shave as you ever heard of. As I was letting him out of my van, he said, by way of conclusion, as far as I can remember, that no reference was ever made by him or his friends to the show of bad temper on both sides, and which he admitted had. on his uart, been indirectlv the cause of all that happened to him.-. Jioulkdgé's Annual. 