* LOS` of0 !E SHfIP LEICIIIAn DT. (f ion hi London O'rrespondcnt of tA JAlelbourne On' ofthlio` most'lnoxceusablo marine dip. haters which has' occurred for a long time happened on the ovening of {Friday, October 28, at the mouth of the Thames, and which might easily have becomo a tragedy as fatal, If not as hideous,,as' tholAborgelo burnt. offering. The victim of thecasualty was the ship Leichhardt, just starting on its voyage to New Zealand, having a, cro? of about twenty:one hands, and twenty-sir saloon and second-cabin passengers on board." She was anchored securely, preparatory to her departure on the, following morning;; the weather was singularly fine, the. sky was clear, the moon was shining,brightly, and the masthead lighPt'was burning aloft. It was in-these circumstances that a large steamer coming from,the river, was soon to bear down directly upon the motionless ship; and, in spite of outcries and signals, dashed into the port side of the Leichhardt, and cut heor, down below the .water-line. ' Only by thoe most strenuous .and, courageous ex. ertions of the captain of the doomed vessel, which was at onoo deserted by most of the terrified seamen, were the passengers trans ferred .in safety to.the 'North Star and another steamer, just Beforo the Leichhardt went down.' In fact, a frightful loss of life through the criminal carelessness 6f those on boardthe North Star, was escaped only by 'a hair's.broeadth. The captain' of the steamer, it is said, was below just before the collision,' examining his` charts ; the deck was in charge of the chief officer -also, it appears, qualifled toJ act as a pilot;and the 'course estered' would haveoo, taken' them' clear of the, anchored ship.' It may have been through the insuf-' ficiently estimated force of: some current; but the North Star, when she'neared the ,eilchliardt, was ovidently'making straight for her, as if bent on her destruction; and whe'n the alarm was raised, it wi' s too late to avert the collision. Tihe chief mate: and pilot wirb reported to have " been in liquor at the time; "',and if that charge be; true, it would account for the, mystery of the pro. ceoding. . DBtt what punishment ;ise sufll ciontly severe for the recklessness of. giving over a vessel, in a maritime thoroughfare so thronged as the Thames, to the charge of a drunken man? ,' Where the carcase is, there the eagles will be gathered together," and so this rich wreck was speedily infested by vultures in the shape of boatmen from the vicinity of the o'Nore, till, the admiralty despatched an armed vessel to the spot,'and, dispersed the flock; of harpies. ?'Tho' divers have since boon at work, and they are sanguinely hope. ful of being able to recover the bulk of the cargo, which' is vpluod at about £30,000. , The 'position' of,most of,the passengers has excited much sympathy.. Many of them are almost in a destitute condition, and as the' North' Star is not.liable for. damages beyorid.her'own valuo '£8. 10s: per ton (her register ton'ngo not being more :than 700); the prospects of the passengers recovering hivthing ippioaching.ti o value.of property i.t is very small. Mrs. Tone 'appears, to beaoori'of; the 'chief' sufferers; she is a *idow; and had' with hler three children, tweo daughters,' and one son, all under fifteen years of ago.'' Onie'of the girls had not even time torseizo :her'clothes; ali she' had'on was 'herinigit'.clothes,'a ploco' of blanket; and a pair of sailor's boots, whioh. one of tho crew had lent:her.i' Altogether Mrs. Tone's loss is estimated at about £800."`'At present nothing has liooi hoard of her black leather' bag,'containing; her valuables, and £120'in dbank.notes: ý She: distinctly recol: loots having it in her haid uipi to the time of the life-boat coming alongside of the North Star And she was the last;person to leave the ',tot; 'and: fearing ,that :'the sailors would l not ,beo, able : to :lift" her on board with the bag in her' possession, she laidt it, in thq'.;bottom,-, of.. 'the:: boat, : and on reaching ;the dock:,of: the:North Star,: asked for the bag to be handed up, butthe only reply,; she got was,,"Olnever mnind your bag; you have got your life.". Whether it' remained in the boat or was thrown over= b'oard, as some one onboard the North Star said' it, had,';t is Impossibleoto'conjecture. Amidst tho excitement following the collision, a stowaway, a"boyfabout seyenteen years of ago, rushed up upon deck, and was just in time to be taken off by one of the last boats'; his name, however, and where he came from, lio'would not divulge.; IIo, as landed with thlio'other passengers at Gravesend where he ?ds lost sight'of. , "The board of trade.h'ave isasud lnstruo 'tlons tb'its legal officers to hold a court of inquiry into the loss of the ship'Leichhardt. The order comes'rather late, considering that all the principal witnesses have 'now left this ootintry, ! The North'Star'was seized at the hnstahce of the 'inderwritors on'the Saturday following theocollision ; but since then'she hes:been released, her owners having lodged with tho admiralty:tho' ?im of £6'000-the vilue of the steamer, and'the'extent' by la* of their liability; although the Loichhardt and cargo werO worth £25,600" She left for Norway last week,' and the crew' of the Lelchhardt shipped in another vessel.'?:The loeathern bg belonging to one of the passeon gers,. Mrs.; Tono, "containing' bank.notos, jowellery; and' plate,'to the value of ;£250, has not yet boon recovered."' It was seen in the Loichhardt lifeboat after Mrs. Tone and her children, with the rest of tho femalo passengers, had booh., put on board i the North Star. The polico, who have had the case' in Ihand, belieove it mustt have been stolen, and 'concealed on board' the North Star. Thde allver'plato'conslstod chiefly of roons, &c;,.most of .which bear! the initials 'TL T.Manyof the passengers are almost reduced to beggary, by. the .wrec,., and their condition excites much sympathy: Messrs. Shaw, Savill, and Co., thechartererS of thd Leichhardt, have generouely headed a subscription list with £25 towards alleviating their distreised condition. , We tinderstand 'that a new periodical of first.class';ehracter' is projected for the colonies, entitled the Anglo.Colonial Maga. zine, and Intended to circulate throughout all the 1tritisli depqndencies: In addition to a serial tale by W leading novelist; and varil ous articles by eminent writers, special papers are to be devoted to matters peculiarly affecting colonists, and to questions in which their interestd are directly involved. The Idea, which is Indubitably a happy one, pro. mises to take shapo about the beginning of the year. ::. Dra 1ISanIn.-The popular belief in Germany attributes to 3[. De Bismarck the characteristio trait 'of iall risky gamblers and' has itt that during the whole of the Bohemian campaign he carried a' loaded pistol in' his pocket. It; goes' so far, as to assert that there was' amoment at Sadowa '--the' short' but. agonihing moment that elapsed between the, all but:. completed repulse of )Prince Frederio Charloiland'the arrival of ;t~e succonring leoions' of. tlui Prince of Prussia-when* the despairing player had brought the pistol to his fore. head, and almost missed the seal of immor. tality soon to be,impressed upon Its bold and broad: dimensions by .tho.only. deity recognised in our age- success.-Revuo des Deur Mondes.., , SThei Rer. Joseph ,Nodder, rector of Apd. over, summonod'Jamos Mowbray, a farmer and'stonemason, for poaching, and had him fined £2 and costs. In the course of the hearing it transpired that the reverend gent tlemin some time ago employed Mowbray to remove some gravestones from the chturch.. yard, obliterate the words "sacroedtto the memory," &o.;,'and lay them down as, flags on the Rev. Mr. Nodder's property. , " . The authorities of 'Jaezboreny, a .Hun garian town, hivoe justf had the following notice published t?.thb 'sound of the drum:i .-" Boeing that' oaths and. blasphemidsL are the real causes of' arthquakes, everyone, no matter who, is forbidden to swear or use bad language, under 'a 'penalty of .receiving twentyfive stripes'twith a rod aid payiing a fine of twenty.five florins." '' ' REMAR.IKALE PnEPAnATIONS ron A ROYAL VxsrT--Amusing stories are told of the precautions taken byor for the Emperor of Russia.on the occasion of his forthcoming visit to: Waisaw.' ~fhobPole' areo?warned never to walk about in groups, Ior ev'n tw6 fogetheir, during the Czar's stay 'there. Men must all wear round' hats, iihd'bo shaved on the same pattern. Carriages are not.to go through certain streets except at aipointed hours. = The inhabitants; have also been bidered tO cloan'the fronts of their houses, which nmust be deobrated with, gar. lands and lightenedup t' night as by a spontaneous illumination. All this would be incredible if there was not a very slocial and circumstantial decreoe upbA the subject..' nA BET OF, A Kras.*.-Agyobit gentleman bof Coxsackie: met- a young and handsome lady of. Albany, who was 'visiting at 'thkt place. . Their acquaintance" ripened, into intimacy; and,, on one ,poasioni a bete was made between them-the stakes to be a kiss in public on first subsequent meeting.' Our youth woni the bet, and last Saturday morn, sng, on the City of Hudson's Dock, a crowd witnessed the payment of the stakes. The lady was' about, to leave, for.home. Cox. sackie boy in 'attendance at the pier-his features a strango mixturo;of sorrow, ex pectatioOi, and embarrassment. . Captain shouted'' qUll aboard." The young gentle inan'whnted.to.taike the stakess that he had won, but his'courage was not" equal, to his ambition.' He dared iidt do it before such a crowd.' But thelo. lad was' nobt thus 'afraid. She was ready and willing to pay the forfeit.' And b',when the young man was doubting and hbsitating, the young',lady seiied hold of hlim just when the ruddy flush'of shame. facedness had reddened his cheek' with its glow,"'imprintod upon' it a' fervont" kiss, eiclaimed thatshoehad'paid the bet, and tripped on'board tho'boat. AN EXTRAORDINARY MArIAOAE.L-A rural looking lady' and gentleman 'of: Sterling, Cayuga: Co., called on onb of the justices of the peace and expressed a wish to be mar ried.'s Thbpair Vebrb maile man and wife. The next morninng they re'appearod,' and each 'in turn' deslred' that theoproceedings inght. bie annulled.,'rThe lady was'particu larly'urgont.': Sho charged' thait sho had been entrapped into marrying the manswho tood 'beside her ,by a piece of utiparalloled deception.'; -She had been, corresponding :with her'cousin in Iowa, whom' she had not seen' since she was a child, and during' the correspondence: her relative had.wooed and (won l(eraffeotions.,. iUowrote that he was coming on hero, in, December to claim h'ei 'hand and take her to his home in the West. On Monday the swain to whom she got mar rled made his appearance, claimued to be her cousin,said he could not wait till December, &e.;' On the strength of these representations, she had reluctantly 'consented;to wed,, She h'and;rsalnce' leained ti'tttho' man,~whonx'she miiarried n~as'nbt htr'cousin.: _The man no .knowldedge his culpabilityp; but pleaded in ex tenuation that the Iowii'cotlsin had read him 'thes letters of:his intended; that' these had 'influbnced him' to"do as lie liad donie;' "HIs 'coniseence imotohim'so'gilviiilslhysince the iaccomplishment of. his tra'chery that he' made affull confession to the lady hb had so shamefilly', p'vionged. l He' liad" hoiped to reconcile her tbothofriai?td 'but bho 'ould niot." Hie was noiv wlllin to'niakb the only ameids'hd'khoietv of, ii. to havo tho'mar 'riagoe 'cditrrct annulled.' ?theho ianglstrato suggested thlt rheo had 6Ot'the''fOver to imn' 'marry them,: le advised that ase'matters had progressed thus fair', It would'be better for the lady to'inakb thoebest rofh a'bad liai'r gain; i'nd accept thieJsituation.V'"Aftore;c goo, deal df poeisudslon 6nithe" part of th6 bridegrooh, the' lady finally deoided' to noI copt .the : advico of the' 'magistrate, on thd 'assuranco; that the said 'bridegi'roorh iriHild makoe 'it right :with thle gdnuine cousin" far away in Iowa. Upon this happy settlement the lady'dried her eyes, and the happy pair daparted.-Oswgo Palladaum., A OCUn'KILuEnD "DYa An i EAo a;...'A Tiipi'h cbnty (Mis.)'sechool teachdr 'tvrites' to tho'e Winoan 'Democrat :-A 'said cautihty has ocourred at my ichool.: 'The eagles hdvive been very troublesome In the neighboirhood for. some time ,past, carrying' offi pigRs lambs, &o.;"' No one thought that they woueld' attemipt. to proy,,upon childron; lbut on Thursday, at recoses eoe little boLy were'out sqmordistanse from: the house, playing at paaIbles when their sport was disturbed by a large ealq swooping down and picking up little ;JFmmj pKeoney,; a boy of eight years, and flfng, away with him. The children cried out,' and - hen. I got out of the house the bagle was so high that I could just eir the child screaming.. The alarm was given;hasid froinf setming and shouting in the'air, "&C;.,' th e'iglo' was. induced to di-p hi vietinl;..but his I'alons had, been buraed in him ,o deeply, and the fall was so Mroat, that he was killed; either would have : LooMca xon Dza DI '-i--An American paper,? thb J?oind Table, 'States' that the coasts of Nei? Bruinswirk, Prince Edward's Island, Ne'ivJerseoyi,' d a portion of the eastern'Atlantic shore are gradually uprising, while those ofhbe'Bay of Foady and Green. lind'aro slowly sinking.' It is said that If this should continue for ten centuries the map of the American continent' would in 2000 present'an entirely different 'appear. ance. The IIudson's'Bay and Jersey shore would becorame fruitful valleys with countless inland seas. Wi here now the banks of New foundland lie, there would then be peninsulas connected with' the niainland, hs the banks of' St. George are at present. ' Thoepassage fromn Ireland to Americea'would then take but four days. . 11 ",r Thu RCING AND 111 COAT,--Ting 5V nbm of Prussia is not lavish on personal apparel. His valet r~oently gave him a hint by sub stituting a now'coat for, one which hehad worn two or three years longer than,,hq' ought, and was thereupon summoned totho rcyal presence. !"Where is my old coat, Jean? " "I have taken it away, your fajesty; it i? no longer fit to be worn." W Vhat are you going to do with it, Jean?" "I believe I am going to sell.lt." " How much do you think you will. get' for it? " This. was hard to answer,.for no old dlo' Jew in the world would ,have given'a shil ling for the old coat.. Jeoan therefore hesi tated a moment, and thcn, answered- - I believe I shall get abouta dollar for it,' your oajesty.h' 'The King took' his pocket-book f aonl table, opened it, and handed Jean a aoullart.' " Here is your :dollar, Joan," said.'. ;',. ýThat t;oat is so comfortable1 brih'it Jack to me; I want it yet.'! . ba jnklot thl floor biefor they \- . so some ladies 'eprinkle their husbands' with tears, in order to clean them "out. A letter from Bagneres.de-Luchon states that notwithstanding her eighty years, 'Lady Franklin has' just made the fatiguing ascent 'f Port do Venesques, accompanied by Dr.. Pdgbt, of the Thermal hospital, i From: the sumnmit so magnificent a view of the Mala, dott and this mountains of Airragon was obtained that she declared it to be superior tomany she had seen'in any of her ascents, even among the' Himalayas. Her ladyship is about to visit the republio of Andorre. i A YANiREE STonRY. - The Yankees tak6 advantage of the cannibal piopensities of the rats.: A clever Yankee, being much troubled vith rats,'and being determined to got' rid of 'them, tried every possible plan, but with out success.e" At last he got a lot of rats and shut them in: a` care;. they devoured one anothe? till only a sngle one was left.'. Ih e 'then turned 'this: one' loose, which, excited with the blood of his fellow-rats, and havingri become a genuine cannibal, it killed and ate all the rats it could find on the preises.' i ' SPREPrAnED Fon A ]3BATIS.-Wisdom is not likely to die with all Scotcbmen, ! cauny ' asn they are admitted to be in general, if weo are to believe a story to this effect:-A 'ifdahiro 'man brought his child:to the minister to, be baptised, ? who asked him-" Are you. pro pared for so important, qo solemn an occa sion ?" "Preparedl I he echoed with some indignation" ' hao a' firlot' o' bannocks bakn,'twa acon hams,'a gude fat kebbuck,' ani a gallon'.o' the best IIiolan' whuskey; and I wado just like to' ken', what better preparation yo could e ypect frao a man in my condition of life 1' . HIe meant the chris toning at home 'e. , oAN E , o ooMoA L' SUCIa-A'in ,who was in the habit' of constantly frequenting a cabaiet in the, Versaillbs-road, in,Paris,' was a few days agorobserved by the mistress to'bo sittin 'with 'his glass einpty before lim:' "What will you take?"' said' the woman." '"Oh;'.nothing more,"? was the reply. ".I have bit foity sons, and I must buy some 'chircoal' to" stife'myself with." "'Oli, that's ieryfoolish," rejoined tho'landt lady, who thought hoe was joking;' "with twopenco'wortb of: cordayou',could hang yourself,' and, by 'that*'arrangeinent you would hav'e some mor to a'spend in drink."t "Upon my word, 'you're' irght," "sid the man; and heo spent thirty.eight of his re: maining sous in drink..' 'On Saturday morn:. ing he was discovered hb?aging to a tree.' Between potato'riots and incendiarism tbo city of cork and its neighbourhood are kept. in' an' unipleisant ferment.' <There; have;. within'the last few weeks been: seven ineen. diarybfires, and nearly as many 'riots -the prime movers in the latter 'bein ýthe poorer class of women, who are waging, a bitter war with the potato exporters. The enragenod Amazons disperse themselves in skirmishing parties on the various 'bighways leading to the city and wlbn; afarmor's cart ppeaers,. they make a formal capture, and escort It in triumph, .nol'to the harbour for which it started, bit tb th liotato market, where the farmer is coinpelltdto dispose of the load to help to koep the'piices down.'' : ,, , A'IIA.r SPELL.*', young lady who ,eahes musio inal an. acad.emy iin Western New; York sent:: as'oider to, a publisher recaintl I which she hia d espelt the words very badl. She iipologised by addlingi 'post scritse lloto:"ys You' must' exkews this letter, as I plaboti ogat bt spel hi eard' 'Wrin i?E'liTrn'ru' ceiSrgymtio, ron ,hli way to chureh'l one Sunday morning, aceosted a cabndriver, and rrestirimnandd'hm'sharply for hil want of roverence:for.thbe dri "sWell,'siar, I ecan't kiee the Babbath now. adays at'all." Dut,' my friond,ifyou don't koe 'thlie'iabbathb you don't keep the law, and tiiin si'hat on earth do you keep P" -'."SirI a'm labouring hard to keep a wife' and' seven little 'une,' ,meekhy roplied the' cab n'O s oar I Axa .There is one disadvantage in givingi tray't6 this pIece of personal vanity..- In chio' any Indi viduinl should have a reason for retiris from socisey and the cognirance of the polce, it is 'as well not' to 'leave 'his' aegatie ".in the hands of a photographer, our giardians being !particularly' In'lulsitrvoe:'rogeatins' eartes of goetlemexi w h6 'are 1' wanted,.? and many an arrest has beon mado"on the strengtlh of;an undeniabloe.likeness. :3 I'ot many years ago the possassiop on. a pealivoe of any celebrity or notoriety was a .little fortune to a man, and the reader will per. haps be surprised to hear the number of portrait that have been sold of one person. Her Majpsty'.ells by the hundred thousand, and th'ero was an enormous demand for the portrait of Prince Albert upon his decease. A few years ago all the most valuable nega. tives were in the possession of a firm of photographers of Iegent-street.' We 'may explain that the negative is the original image of, the sitter reversed, the lights appearig ! as shades, and the' shades as lights.i From these negatives taken';on glass the portraits areprinted by the passage of light,through them upon the prepared paper. Thus, from one negative any num., r of copies can be printed off. The 'r house of the wholesale carte-de.visite - lishment mentioned was a curiosity in ITelf; not .only every, celebrity was. obtainable there, but the man made famous yesterday through the machinery, of this firm found that his image and superscription was dis tributed by, them in every, printseller's window throughout the three kingdoms. Theo rag:e for celebrities. has, long, been passed, the publio having secured "cartes" of everyone worth having.: But even now, when a new hero appears upon tho.scene some enterprising phoographer is sure' to come'out with his photograph. Sometimes they are rather apocryphal, as, for instance, the one that has been published of the late King Theodore, who appears to be marvel .lously like one of .those ferocious skin clothed .savages' that used to strike terror intois as children in a moving drama at Astleo..' But a real genuine hero, who has doqe some stirrin -action,' may wake up and find. his facetd -i f'oritune to him, or rather to' thd :'Ihtck photographer who may possess his negative'. % Ten thousand cartes is by no means an out-of-the-way number to sell of any great persooage." .Some singers havo even'exceeded th number, not less than sixty thousand portraits of Mdlle. Patti . having been recently in 'circulation; Ac. tresses have the most constant run.-Cassell'a Magazine.; '- , t.A .YAxNKEE: ADvocATE.-The following specimen of a spread-eagle lawyer's elo quence needs no comment ;-" Gentlemen of tho jury, the Scriptures sait,l ' thou shalt not kill I Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, " and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my; client having killed a man;, but is that any reason why you should do'so? : No' such thing,; gentlemen ;.. you may bring tho prisoner in guilty; the hang. man may do his'duty'; but that will not exonerate you. No such thing. In that case you will'be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the biand of Cain to be stamrped upon his brow to-day ? Who, free. men-who in this land of liberty and light? Gentlemen' I will pledge my word not one of you"has a bowie-knife or a'pistol in'.his pocket. 'No,' gentlemen' your pockets are odoriferous with th'~erfumes of cigar-cises and tobacco. You can smoke the tobaccoof rectitude in' the' pipe "of' ai peaceful con science; but hang my unfortunate client; and the scaly alligators of remorse will" gallop through the Internal principal animal visoera, until the spinal vertebra of:your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim' and gory goblins of despair.' Gentle- . men, beware of committing ' Beware, I say, of meddling 'with the eternal' preroga-.' tive I, Gentlemen, I adjure youi, by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no' murder, I, adjure you by the name of "' woman, the mainspring of the ticking. tilme,. piooo of.Time's theoretical transmigration, to ' do.no murderlI I< adjure you,' for.tho love you; have for the esoulent and, condimental gusto of our native pumpkin to do no mur.- * der I ,. I adjure you,; by the stars set in the flying ensign ofyour emancipated country I adjure youn by.theoAmerican 'eagle, that whipped the universal game-cock of creation, and now sitsroeoting on, the magnetic tele. graph of ITiine's illustrious; transmigration, to do no murder l' And lastly, gentlemenif you ever, expect free dogs not to bark at you -.if you ever expect to wear boots made of tho' fblcky Mountain'buffalo-arid,;,to sum' ip all, if yott ever expect to be anything'but a set of sne'akicg,: lJafing, rascally,, cut throated, braided, small ends of. humanity, whittled down to indistinctibility, acqýit my clioht;and save youricountry," Tho pri"soner was acqiuitted., . , 'There is' 'a good deal of 'tuth in thofol lowing jhdvertisement :"(A' gen'tlemaen of middlo'eag'e,, with: a yearly inconie of 3000 dol;, wishesf'o find a wife who h'c ,A smallcapital, his'jovial character has be valued'e equal' to 10,000 dol. a yar- American paper ... , " "e ' ..." l' '. ; 