GEORGE EOX AND THE JESUITS. ( From the life of Edward Burrough.) The Jesuits had recently arrived from Spain, in the suite of the ambassador from the court at Madrid, and in the pride of head-knowledge challenged all the Quakers to dispute with him. George Fox, hearing of this, let him know that friends Avould meet him. The Jesuit then restricted his challenge to twelve of the most learned Quakers Soon he reduced it to six, and finally sent them Avord that not more than three must come. A discussion of much E piquancy took place j but the letter-learned I Jesuit, with all . his subtlety, was altogether I unable to stand against the honest straight- j forward simplicity of George Fox, and he I most signally, failed in the controvessy. j The following account of this interview is I from the journal of George Fox, viz. : — J "When we Avere come to the house, I I bid Nicholas Bond and Edward Burrough go up, and enter the discourse with him ;. and I would walk awhile in the yard, and then come up after them. I advised them to state this question to him, ' Whether or no the Church of Rome, as it now stood, was not degenerated from the true Church, which was in the Primitive times, from the life and doctrine, and from the power and spirit that they were in ?' They stated the question accordingly; and the Jesuit affirmed, ' That the Church of Rome now was in the virginity and purity of the Primitive Church.' By this time I was come to them Then we asked him, ' Whether they had the Holy Ghost poured out upon them, as the apostles had ?' He said, ' No." ' Then,' said I, ' if ye have not the same Holy Ghost poured upon you, and tho same power and Spirit that the apostles had, ye are degenerated from the power and Spirit which the Primitive Church was in.' There needed little more to be said to that. " Then I asked him, ' What Scripture they had for setting up cloisters for nuns, abbeys and monasteries for men ; for all their several orders ; for their praying by beads, and to images ; for making crosses ; for forbidding of meats and marriages ; and for putting people to death for religion ?' ' If,' said I, ' ye are in the practice of the Primitive Church, and its purity and vir ginity, then let us see by Scriptures wherever they practised any such thing ?' (For it was agreed, on both hands, that we should make good by Scriptures what we said.) Theu he told us of a written Word and an unwritten word. I asked him what lie called his unwritten word ? He said, ' The written Word is the Seriptures, and the uuwritten word is that which the apostle spoke by word of mouth; which, said he, are all those traditions we prac tise.' I bid him prove that by Scripture. Then he brought that Scripture where the apostle says, 2 Thcs. ,ii. 5, ' When I was with you, I told you these things.' ' That is, said ' he, ' I told you of nunneries and monasteries, and of putting to death for religion, and of praying by beads, and to images, and all the rest of the practices of the Church of Rome, which,' he said, '-was the unwritten word of the apostles, which they told then, and have since been con tinued down by tradition unto these, times.' "Then I desired him tcreacl that Scrip ture again, that lie might see how ho had perverted the apostle's words; for that which the apostle there tells the Thessalonians, 'lie had told them before,' is not an un written word, but is there written down ;'. namely, that the man of sin, the son of perdition, shall be revealed before, the great and terrible day of Christ, which lie was writing of, should come: so this was not telling them of any of those things that the Church of Rome practices. In like manner the apostle, in the third chapter of that epistle, tells the church of some disorderly persons he heard were amongst them, busy- bodies, who did not work at all ; concerning whom he had commanded them by his unwritten word, when he was among them, that if any would not work, neither should he eat : which, now he commands them again iu his written word, in this epistle, 2 Thcs. iii. So this Scripture afforded no proof for their, invented traditions, and he liad no other Scripture proof to offer. Therefore I told him, this was another degeneration of their Church into such in ventions and traditions as the Apostles and Primitive Saints never practised. " After this lie came to his sacrament of the altar, beginning at the paschal lamb, and the show-bread, and came to the words of« Christ, ' This is my body,'' and to what the apostle wrote of it to the Corinthians ; concluding, 'That after the priest had con secrated the bread and wine, it was immor tal and divine, and lie that received it received -tho whole Christ.' I followed him through the Scriptures lie brought .till' I came to Christ's words and the apostle's. I showed him, ' That the same apostle told the Corinthians, after they had taken bread and wine in remembrance of Christ's death, that they were reprobates if Christ was not in them; but if the; --bread they ate was Christ, he must, of necessity, be in them after they had eaten it. Besides, if this bread and this wine, which tho Corinthians ate and drank, was Christ's body, then how hath Christ a body in heaven ?' I observed to him also, ' That both the disciples at the supper, and the Corinthians afterwards, were to eat tho bread and drink the wino in remembrance of Christ, and to show forth his death till he come ; which plainly proves the bread and wine, which they took, was not his body. For if it had been his real body that they ate, then he bad been come, and was then there present, and it had been improper to have done such a thing in remembrance of him, if he had been then present with them, as he must have been, if that bread and wine whioh they ate and drank had been his real body.' " As to those words of Christ, ' This is my body,' I told him, ' Christ calls himself a vine, and a door, and is called in Scrip ture a rock. Is Christ, therefore, an out ward rock, door, or vine ?' '0,' said the Jesuit, ' those words are to be interpreted.' So, said I, are those words of Christ, ' This is my body.' "Having stopped his mouth as to argu ment, I made the Jesuit a proposal thus : ' That seeing he snid, the bread and wine was immortal and Divine, ' and the vcrv Christ; and that whosoever received it, received the whole Christ ; let a meeting be appointed between some whom the Pope and his cardinals should appoint, and some of us ; let a bottle of wine and loaf of bread be brought, and divided each into two parts, and let them consecrate which of those parts they would. Then sot the con secrated and the unconsecrated bread and wine in a safe place, with a sure watch upon it ; and let trial be thus made, whe ther the consecrated bread and wine would not lose its goodness, and the bread grow dry and mouldy, and the wine turn dead and sour, as well and as soon as that which was unconsecrated. By this means,' said I, ' tho truth of this matter may be made manifest. And if the consecrated bread and wine change not, but retain their savour and goodness, this may be a means to draw many to your Church. If they change, decay, and lose their goodness, then ought you to confess and forsake your erl-or, and shed no more blood about it ; for much blood hath been shed about these things, as in Queen M ry's days." " To this the J csuit made this reply : ' Take,' said he, ' a piece of new cloth, and cut it into two pieces, and make two gar ments of it, and put one of them upon king David's back, and the other upon a beggar's, and the one garment shall wear away as woli as the other.' Is this thy answer, said I? Yes, said he. Then, said I, by this the company may all be satisfied that your consecrated bread and wine is not Christ. Have yo told people so long, that tho con secrated bread and wine was immortal and Divine, and that it was tho very and real body, and blood of Christ, and dost tliou now say it will wear away and decay as well as the other? I must tell thee, 'Christ remains tho same to-day as yesterday,' and never decays; but is tho saints' heavenly food in all generations, through which they have life. He replied no more to this, being willing to let it fall ; for tho people that were present saw his error, and thatlie could not defend it. " Then I asked him, ' Why their Church did persecute, and put people to death for religion?' He replied, 'It was not the Church that did it, but tho magistrates.' I asked him, ' Whether those magistrates were not counted and called believers and Chris tians?' Ho said, 'Yes.' 'Why, then,' said T, ' are they not members of your Church?' 'Yes,' said he. Then I left it to the people to judge, from his own con cession, whether the Church of Rome doth not prosecute, and put people to death for religions. Thus we parted, and his subtlety was confuted by simplicity." 