REVIEWS:- MR. KENDALL'S POEMS Poetry, if it be anything, is an inspiration. There must be enthusiasm : not the fruit of the study of other men's poems, but born of Nature and of the Soul, which is open to her thousand impulses, and holds them reflected in her own Divine life. Poetry is therefore the wedlock of the outward and visible with the internal and spiritual. It has been justly said by one of Milton's genuine critics that, sublime as is the " sudden view of all this world at once," -which opens upon thegazc of Satan as he looks down from the verge of Heaven upon the new creation, the sublimity is enhanced by the idea of the fallen archangel himself, who beholds and wonders. The poetry is in the soul, which arrays the beauty and vastness and variety of the visible universe iu the magic hues of her own imagination. Mere imi tation, therefore, can never produce real poetry, though it may excite considerable powers of versification. Neither can a true poet think otherwise than poetically ; the translation of prose into verse is not poetry. But if the true fire burn within, then the communion of bards is the poet's proper atmosphere, and bb his subtle conceptions arise within him, and shape themselves in the sweet forms of metrical language, he will glow with a divine ambition to bring them more and more into harmony with nature, and to render them worthy of that- society whose speech is golden and everlasting. All great poets have been laborious men, and are never weary of refining and beautifying the fabrics of which the foundations arc laid in per haps few and far-between moments of inspiration. We believe this to be the true theory of poetry. In the (little volume before us, if we have not been able to find much that is lofty or original, we have yet found much which only a true poet could have written : fair thoughts clothed in very harmonious verse, and a general faculty of poetical expression which lifts the author at oDce out of the ranks of the poetasters. Mr. Kendall is ever held and enthralled by the music of words ; and he has had the courage to seek in the world around him here, in the sunny and undulating outlines of the Australian landscape, the forms and colours and associations which he reflects riot unfaithfully in his verse. This ap pears to us to be his great merit, and assuredly, if he continues to cultivate the vein, will be his rich reward. There is, running through much that he has written, the silver thread of earnestness and a musical devotion, if we may use the ex pression, which can have been born only of the true poetical afflatus. The ring of many of his lines is an echo from those of older and greater singers, notably of those of Tennyson, Shelley, and Swinburne ; but he is not unworthy of being admitted into that higher region in which these poets live, and he nmy, if he will bequeath to the land which has given liirn birth, strains which hereafter, when the cold wind of contemporary criticism has ceased to breathe upon them, may be repeated with pleasure by the readers of a later and more sympathising age. He tells us himself in his opening 6onnet the secret which underlies nearly all that he has written. He had a purpose to compass — " a cunning harmony Of words and music caught from glen and height, And lucid colours horn of woodland light. And shining places whore the sea-streams lie." And we must own that he has very fairly and happily, for tho most part, carried out his youthful purpose. It would be easy to take out, with the cold-bloodedness of an anatomist, knife in hand, passages which are pretty closely echoed from older and loftier poets, but if the author has borrowed, he has borrowed gracefully, and greater than Mr. Kendall have done so before bun. What we most dislike is the habit of alliteration, which is often carried to excess. Alliteration is only sparinglytused by the strongest poets, but in the bauds of Mr. Swinburne it becomes a detestable trick, which, when you have one detected it, proves almost too much for the temper. The imitation of Swinburne is, we should imagine, about the worst exercise a young poet . could engage iu, and we earnestly counsel Mr. Kendall to give us, for the future, more of himself, and less of the wandering Jack-o' -Lantern who, at present, seems to exercise such a dangerous in fluence over hiB muse. Alliteration is too often a resort to sound, to mere meaningless sound, in place of sense. It saves the labour of thought, and is much easier than the composition of manly, harmonious verse. Let any one take ten or a dozen lines from the most poetical passages of Shakspeare, Milton, or Shelley, for example, and see how the verses flow without the aid of allitera tive jingles. In such poets it is almost always unconsciously used ; in Mr. Swinburne, and his scores of little imitators, it is the stock-in-trade, and becomes at last a veritable nuisance. There is, we grant, a meritorious seductiveness about it at first which attracts the ear ; but how much deeper does it go P That is the question. " How very clever !" some soft-headed persons will ex claim at a copy of cheap schoolboy Swinburne ; " How very like Swinburne !" but the compli ment is the -worst possible praise that could be given to an infant poetical phenomenon. Mr. Kendall— we conclude so from a multitude of passages in his little book — is capable of better things. Let him burn Swinburne, bid good-bye to Dolores and Fehc_e, for his muse is naturally too pure for such society ; read Tennyson very little, and Shelley and Keats a great deal more. Why does he not go deeper into Spenser tban he appears yet to, have done? He has a most enviable facility of versification, and a fertility of fancy wliich that sweet allegorist might haply provoke to loftier themes. There are many agreeable poems in - the , volume now be fore ub, among which we may men tion "Ghost Glen," "The Warrigal," "Ara- lueo," "Hla Creek," "On a Cattle Track," " Dell Birds," " Coogee," etc. These are native names and native themes, and as poems are Bin-' gularly sweet and tender, or true in sentiment, so thnt they cannot fail to givo pleasure to every reader. Mr. Kendall has a few more ambitious efforts, mostly in blank veres ; but, although his verse is good, it is too redolent of Tennyeon, and we cannot place these pieces on a level with his true aud very welcome Australian lyrics. We " Leaves from Australian Forests," by Henry Ken dall, Melbourne : George Robertson, 1869. must except, however, " A death in the bush," ' which has some true and pathetic touches. True poets are rare, aud are to be prized, and Mr. Kendall ie a true poet. We are thankful to him, and heartily bid him God speed. It is difficult to select, where there is so much that is good to choose from, but as a fair speci men of what we consider Mr. Kendall's best manner, and of the sentiment that runs through the greater part of his poetry, we may take the following ; — AT EtJROALA. They built his mound, of the rough red ground, By the dip of a desert dell, Where all things swoet are killed by the heat. Ah'! scattered o'er flat and fell. In a burning zone they left him alone. Past the uttermost -western plain ; And the nightfall dim heard his funeral hymn In the voices of wind and rain. The songs austere of the forests drear. And the echoes of clift and cave, When tho dark is keen where the storm hath been, Fleet over the far-away grave. And through the days when the torrid rayi _w Strike down on a coppery gloom. Some spirit grieves in tha perished leaves Whose theme is that desolate tomb. No human foot, or paw of brute, Halts now where the stronger sleeps 3 But cloud and star his fellows ore. And the rain that sobs and weeps. The dingo yells by the far iron fells, The plover is loud in the range. But they never came near to the slumherer here, Whose rest is a rest without change. Ah I in his life, had he mother or wife. To wait for his step on the floor ? Did Beauty wax dim while watching for him Who passed through the threshold no more T Doth it trouble his head ? He is one with the deed ; He lies by the alien streams ; And sweeter than sleep is death that is deep And unvexed by the lordship of dreams. 