OLD TIMES. (BY OLD TOM.) BEFORE bringing my reminisences to a close, I may surmise that few of the present generation who have experienced the doubtful advantages of a highly civilised community, can fully entertain the position of an old pioneer colonist in the days when the settlement was in its infancy. Society —in the modern acceptation of the term—there was none. Yet the social gatherings in Brisbane "in the days of auld lang syne," are worthy of remembrance. There is one interesting event that took place just twenty-five years since, namely—a dinner given on August 21, 1844, to the lamented Leichhardt, upon his starting from Brisbane on his first Overland journey to the north-west coast. At that spread, which was got up at the old Victoria, Queen-street (since burnt down), the chair was occupied by Evan Mackenzie, of Kilcoy (afterwards the baronet of that ilk). John McConnel, of Cressbrook, was croupier. To the right of the chair sat the guest of the evening, John Ludwig Leiohhardt. I can well recollect the glowing language used by the chairman when attending to the good doctor's characteristics, and the faith he had in his pluck and energy to carry the expedition to a successful issue; and when the health and success to the adventurous few was given, the cheers echoed through the settlement. The doctor left Brisbane the following day to join his party, who had preceded him to the Downs. The party, at starting, consisted of Mr. P. Hodgson (brother of Arthur of the Vale), Messrs. Gilbert, Calvert, Roper, Murphy, and Phillips, and a West Indian black named Caleb, who joined the party at Brisbane to act as cook, together with two aborigines, thus making, with the leader of the party, ten all told. Mr. P. Hodgson and the black Caleb subsequently quitted the party by mutual arrangement when they had reached a watershed, which the doctor named Dry Beef Creek, from having slaughtered a bullock at the locality and jerked the carcass for future use. This creek is situated in latitude 25 degs. 34 min., longitude 150 degs. On the separation of the party the remaining eight pushed forward into the wilderness, and, after passing through numberless privations and difficulties, succeeded in striking the waters falling into the sea in the neighborhood of Port Essington— not, however, without losing one of the party (Mr. Gilbert) from a murderous attack by the blacks, two others of the party being at the same time wounded by the spears of the treacherous savages. Since the termination of that perilous journey, what marvelous changes have taken place in the occupation of the country passed over by these adventurous men. Every step of their route through the Gulf country is now well known to bushmen; and the telegraph wire will probably, in the course of another twelve months, flash the intelligence of large finds of valuable nuggets in the gold-fields of the Cape River, Gilbert Ranges, and other undiscovered localities to the astonished ears of the slow coaches of this sleepy hollow, misnamed the metropolis of Queensland. If your space will permit it, I should much like to wind-up this exploring yarn by submitting to your readers the annexed lines, written upon the occasion of the return of the intrepid traveler, by E. K. Sylvester, many years on the reporting staff of the Sydney Morning Herald: — STANEAS. Written on the return of L. Leichhardt, Esq., from an Expedition through the unexplored regions of Australia between Moreton Bay and Port Essington. Thy footsteps have returned again, thou wanderer of the wild, Where nature from her lonely throne, in giant beauty smiled. Pilgrim of mighty wastes, untrod by human foot before, Triumphant o'er the wilderness, thy weary journey's o'er? Thou has battled with the dangers of the forest and the flood, And amid the silent desert—a conqueror hast stood; Thou has triumph'd o'er the perils of the mountain and the plain— And a nation's smiling welcome is thy greeting home again! Long had we monrn'd with sorrowing, and plaintive dirges sung, For fate a wild mysterious veil around thy name had flung— And hope's declining energies, with feeble effort strove Against the boding voice of fear, that haunts the heart of love. And rumor, with her hundred tongues, her vague and blighting breath, Had whispered tidings sad and drear—dark tales or blood and death; Till tortured fancy ceased to hope, and all despairing gave Thy name a hallow'd memory—thy bones a desert grave. But, no! that proud intrepid heart still held its purpose high, Like Afric's martyr traveller—resolved to do or die : Like him, to find a lonely grave in desert sands of flame, Or win a bright eternity of high and glorious fame! Oft in the silent wilderness, when meaner spirits quaill'd Have thy unfailing energies to cheer and soothe prevailed; For well thy hope-inspiring voice could speak of perils past, And bid each coming one appear less painful than the last. And oft e'en that brave heart of thin has dadden'd to despair, When o'er some wild and lonely scene the moonlight shining fair, Hath bid thy soften'd spirit feel how lonely were thy lot, To die—thy mission unfulfill'd—unknown, unwept, forgot. And when beside thy comrade's grave, thy stricken heart bow'd down. And wept o'er that glad spirit's wreck its dream of young renown— There was bitterness of soul in the silent prayer that rose. Ere they left him in the desert to his long and lone repose. At length the hour of Triumph came, the white man's track appeared— Visions of bright and holy joy thy toil-worn spirit cheer'd'; A glorious pride lit up thy heart and glow'd upon thy brow, For Leichhardt's name among the great and good is deathless now. Thou has wrought thy work of victory by deeds of blood unstain'd, For man's appointed purposes a glorious world obtain'd'; Thy step upon the wilderness, the harbinger of peace, Hath bid that wild and savage night of solitude to cease. Proud man! In after ages the story shall be told. Of that advent'rous traveller, the generous, the bold Who scorning hope of selfish gain disdaining soft repose Taught the dark and howling wilderness to blossom like the rose. E. K. S. Setting aside these memorable junketings, truth compels me to admit that the settlement some thirty years ago was no El Dorado for an enterprising man—push and energy was all moonshine. There was nothing to push at. You might, if you had a friend in the commision push out with a few sheep or cattle to the Logan district, and there, with yourself and stock, quietly starve, or live on bad rations till something turned up. The Downs, as a matter of course, was, even in those early days, tabooed, and no foot of the stranger was allowed to come between the boundaries of the great men of the table lands; and, as to going into business, even if you could secure a standing in the leading thoroughfare of the settlement, your chances of success were few. Squatter, merchant, overseer, lawyer, clerk, and auctioneer, had to "rest and be cautious." Looking back to those primitive days when our wants were few and our expectations moderate, one almost wishes that we had obtained, by some mental intuition, the cost of Responsible Government, as I am inclined to think that, had the majority counted the cost, they would have left the matter of separation an open question, or, at all events, delayed their jubilation at the advent of the Herbert Ministry, and the introduction of place-hunters, whose name is legion, upon the inauguration of our first Governor, Sir G. F. Bowen. The question has often been put as to how the dwellers in the settlement managed to pass their time, seeing there was but very little businness, less money —if we except the IOUs, which constituted the currency. Not the ghost of a chance to get up an indignation meeting connected with politics or any other sensation. Well, the fact is, it was very hard work —as those in the "settlements" of the present day are aware—to occupy the mental faculties between the departure and arrival of the mails. Library or reading-room not contemplated; the expensive luxury of billiards not yet introduced; and, as to a night with the Christy Minstrels, or the sons and daughters of harmony, under the guise of Philharmonic or Orpheus Glee Societies, not to be thought of, such musical inspirations not having come within five hundred miles of this locality. But we had the river and the glorious bay, two fields for our bodily and mental gratification, far in advance of either billiards, football, or cricket. Anyone in the full vigor of life who can shut his eyes to the benefits to be derived from a boating excursion to the bay or a day's go-in down the river, must be, in my opinion, less advanced in civilisation than a South Sea Islander. Just imagine a half- a-dozen of light-hearted, good natured, social fellows clubbing together for a trip to the bay in a good boat, and stomachs equal to anything from the digestion of an oyster patty to a dugong cutlet. What a glorious opportunity for muscular development and replenishing the lungs with any quantity of pure oxygen. Should any of the readers of "Old Times" remain sceptical on that point, let me advise them to try the experiment; and, if they wish to add to the fun and amusement of the trip, let them take with them a couple of the darkies who have a knowledge of the bay. By their assistance the party will be laid on to good fishing grounds, and have a chance in all probability of seeing the process of turning a turtle, or mayhap, catching a dugong, either of which interesting processes will be worth enjoying. I should like to witness in the present day a revival amongst the young fellows, not of Brisbane only, but of all the coast settlements, for an occasional holiday amongst the glorious islands of our coast. As a matter of course, it is not possible to get all men into one way of amusing themselves, and it was found in the old times that the up- country folk, when visiting the settlement, felt more at home on the pig-skin than in the mid- ship thwart of a gig or whaleboat. We were occasionally gladdened with an ex tempore race, got up by some half-dozen squatters, who, in coming to do business in the settlement, found time hung heavy on their hands. 