COUNTRY LETTERS. B17BEA, April 21. ad entertainment was neia at tue rrnmuve Methodist Chapel un Monday, Mr. Colley, the minister, finding that man}' of his congregation had gone away, a tea meeting was advertised, the profits to go towards the minister's salary, and Wesleyan friends were requested to attend. They responded well to the appeal, and attended Suite as numerously as could be expected, when teir own diminished numbers are considered. About £15 was raised. At the after meeting a little girl of six summers—Miss Colley—recited a piece of poetry about a cat illustrating her subject with a living specimen of the feline race; and Miss Kiliicoat favoured the audience with a recitation, which was well received. The harmony was greatly promoted by Mr. John Pearce, who lent and played his harmonium, the Misses Pearce and other members of the Wesleyan Choir conducting the vocal part of the proceedings. CHINKFOBD, April 22. 'Btubble-buroing has, with few exceptions, been r a failure in consequence of the early rains having . caused so mnch green stuff to grow in the fields. Where burning has been only partially successful the ground is quite green, affording a supply of early feed for spare cattle—a gteat boon to farmers at this season. This is a busy time on most farms; ploughs are at work in all directions preparing the ground for seed, and turning the rubbish under the furrow to tot and supply nourishment for the early-sown grain. A very clean crop of wheat is expected to be forthcoming at the next harvest. With much regret I chronicle the death of Mr. James Buckley, an old resident, who had lived with his brother at about two miles north of this place. The deceased had been ailing some time, and on the evening of the 20th death ensued. The body was followed to its resting-place by a number who came from long distances to pay their sad tribute of respect and c ^isolation to surviving friends. The cortege was about a mile in length, and the funeral was more numerously attended than any previous : one. j WILLIAMSTOWJST, April Si. j At the nrst sixpenny readings in connection with St. Peter's School Library, in the Schoolroom, on -Friday evening, Mr. John Warren presiding, the programme include'! duets and songs by Misses ...stendell, Jfcbittam, Clarke, Snellgrove, and Messrs. Hattam aud Bollard. The church choir assisted. Readings were given by Messrs. Sheppard and Snellgrove. Mrs. Andrews aud Miss Waite presided at the harmonium. Considering the . weather, there was a good attendance. KAN5LANTOO, April 26. "Anniversary sermons were preached at the Primitive Methodist Chanel on April 18 by the Eev. Mr. Goodwin, of Mount Barker. On Monday, a large number partook of tea, and in the evening addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr. Good win, Mr. John Slee, aiid others. Proceeds, jtlo 15s. Id. PORT LINCOLN, April 24. We have had a continuance of showery weather, which has kept the grass growing, and enabled -some farmers to put in the plough, but sufficient \- has not fallen to permit of portions of the new land being ploughed. The Oddfellows" anniversary dinner on the 15th • was a quiet and well- conducted affair. Loyai aud ■ other toasts were giving with hearty goodwill, and • the songs sung by Brother Edwards were above -the average, for his is a fine voice, with good com pass. The statistics presented by Brother Ander son were well got up. His quotations went to show that married men lived longer than single, and his advice was —get married. " We are jolly good fellows" seems to be the windiua up of public dinners. Why so much self-praise. It would .'be better left out. The church at Port Lincoln is to be cleaned and f-painted, owing to the energies of the Churchwar dens, Messrs. P. C. Dove and W. K. Bishop, but not before it was required. We have had a visit short and sweet, like angels' • visits, from Messrs. Tomkinson (Bank of Aus »tralasia) and A. Watts, ALP. An address was hastily got up and presented to the latter on board • the Lubra as he was leaving the jetty. A copy Sis subjoined with the reply since sent:— " We the undersigned, residents of Port Lincoln and its immediate viciniiy. electors of the District of Flinders, avail ourselves of the opportunity afforded by your passing visit to Port Lincoln to express most respectfully the satisfac tion we feel at seeing you amongst us, and ..although only fora few hours' sojourn, we cordially , .bid you welcome; and further, we desire to' assure . you of the hearty appreciation of your services as one of our representatives in Parliament. "The-iuterest you have ever evinced in the welfare and prosperity of the District of Flinders is well known, and the services rendered by you in times past will not readily be forgotten; but we ■ cannot allow you to leave Port Lincoln without acknowledging the obligations we are under to you for the interest you have displayed on our behalf since your recent return to Parliament as our representative, for the share you had in securing a grant of land on which to build a Mechanics' Institute, for your exertions towards obtaining a grant of money for the erection of a local hospital, and for the general support you have given to all measures for the advantage of the District of Flinders — which you so ably represent—and for the colony at large." [Here follow about 40 signatures.] "It is very gratifying to me, gentlemen, to receive so cordial a welcome on my arrival here, and to have the address which you have presented to me couched in such flattering terms with refe rence to my services for your district in the Parlia ment. I can assure you from the time I first became your representative I have taken a great ■nterest in Port Lincoln, and that interest is increased by my present visit to your beautiful . port. I am much pleased with the various Local improvements which are now in progress, and I think great credit is due to your Local Road Board, with the limited means at their disposal, for the excellent roads which have been made in your neighbourhood. I can assure you that the fiiendly feelings which you have invariably shown towards me have always encouraged me in my efforts for the welfare of your imDortant district I am also glad that you . are pleased with the steps 1 have taken towards the erection of au Institute and local Hospital, both of which will, I trust, be in existence ere many mouths are past, and for the future I can only say that it will be my study to continue lo merit your goodwill, and the kindly feelings which you manifest towards me. I hope before very long that I shall again visit you, and that my stay will not then be so brief as on the present occasion. Gentlemen. I can say no more than to thank you for the kind reception you have given me." AUBURN, April 26.. The weatlisr has been suitable for farming operations, which are going on in good earnest. This we put do mi as the chief cause of the dullness in business. On Friday evening the Daniel Family gave a concert iu our Town Hail. The attendance was not large, owing to the want of sufficient publicity. They were well appreciated, ami are to give another entertainment, when, no doubt, they will have a full house, as the people here know how to appre ciate such entertainments. Many say that the Governor has paid a visit to the district, and we wish this contradicted. He certainly passed through, and a few of the enthu siastic assembled on Saturday, when Sir James Fergusson returned, at the Firing Sun Hotel, where he stayed a few minutes. It is tbe intention of an influential Society to invite Sir James about Sep tember. when we shall look upon it as his intro duction to the district. I may safely say that we shall be second to no other district out of Adelaide in the reception which may be expected. STOCKPORT, April 27. Moat of the farmers are finishing ploughing, and some have commenced to sow, although many say it is too dry, aud rain is anxiously looked for. Not much wheat is coming in just now. nor will lie until seed-time is over. The price of wheat at the mill to-day is 4s. 4cL BLINMAN, April 26. | The Crown Lands Banker is again on a visit, j much to the inconvenience of the woodcutters and j carters, amongst whom there is great complaint at the trouble and risk incuned by their not being able to procure a licence or effect a transfer without sending to Melrose. The consequence is that durinr the intervals of the Banger's visits persons work without thinking it necessary to go to the trouble of procuring a licence. POUT AUGUSTA, April 26. On Thursday the Bev. Mr. Binks (Wesleyan), of Adelaide, paid a Hying visit in company with the Bev. Mr. Edmeades, arriving here at 5 p.m. He preached that evening in the Bible Christian Chapel ! to an attentive congregation, handling his subject { in a masterly manner. The second anniversary of the Bible Christian Church was celebrated yester day, when two impressive sermons were preached : by the Bev. Mr. Trewin, from Koorinea. On Monday tea and public meetings were held. Mr. H. Mildred presided. The Rev. Mr. Trewin lectured on "Practical Life," all being well pleased. The choir ahly assisted in singing several anthems. Proceeds, £20— a good amount considering the times. SKILLOGOLEE CREEK, April 27. The Sabbath-school anniversary sermons were preached by the Rev. B. Lang (Watervale) and Mr. W. Sandow (Wakefield) to large congrega tions. On Monday the children's treat and tea were held, followed by a well-attended public meeting. Speeches were made by Kevs. J. Bock andE. Lang; Mr. James Blatchford. of Water vale, presiding. Anthems were rendered by the choir and pieces recited by the children. Proceeds nearly £9. CLARE, April 28. The Daniel Family visitc-1 us on Monday even ing, and delighted a numerous audience with their renderings of some of the most popular ballads, interspersed with readings by Mr. Daniel. The piano solos, by Master Daniel, were very effective, and called forth rounds of applause. In the glees the voices blended sweetly. Tlicy intend to favour us again, when Ford's new room will be called into requisition; and if a success, the Hall will have a competitor. The Northern Bachelors' Ball has taken place, when a goodly number of gentry, including some from Kooringa, Kapunda, &c.;, enjoyed themselves, not breaking up till 6 a.m. The appointments for the occasion reflected credit on the bachelors, who are worthy of great praise for their spirited under taking. It has bean ren arked that tiie scale of telegraph charges published by the Register will be higher thai! before—"a redaction upwards." At-present we send a meat age of 15 words for 2s. Gd. to Ade laide, whereas by the new scale it will be 5v There will be few places only 10 miles from each other. We generally hoped to have a change for the better; this will be for the worse. WATERVALE, April 27. Oil Wednesday a soiree was held in the school room in aid of a public library, which is much required. Was morejthan well attended, as was evident from the number who found it impossible to get inside. The programme, a liberal one, was carried out in good style. There were songs, glees, and piano and harmonium music by lady and gen tleman amateurs, readings and recitations, and au exhibition of the magnesium light, with explana tory address by Dr. A. N. Bewicke. Mr. J. S. Cole presided. The National Anthem brought to a close one of the best meeting! of the kind ever held in Watervale. CHINKFORD, April 28. The formal opening of the National school took place Ob Tuesday, the 27th, with a musical enter tainment and readings. In the unavoidable ab sence of the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny Mr. Wm. Geo. Oole presided. The Chairman explained that there was a small debt on the building, which the proceeds would lessen. Among the pieces pre sented were the following:—Mr. Dutton sang "Ring de Banjo," assisted in the chorus by Messrs. Byerlee, Barry, and Burrows. Mr. Barry then recited "The Trial" effectively. Mr. Cole read a Caudle lecture. Then Mr. G. W- Byerlee read Bloomfield's "Fakenham Ghost.'" Then followed, among others, a concertina solo by Mr. Burrows; duet, "Juanita," by Air. and Aire. Dutton; Mrs. Dutton delighted the audience by the feeling manner in which she recited " The Romance of the Mallee Scrub," and justly re ceived immense applause; song, " The Drunken Cobbler," in character, Mr. Barry. Several other readings, songs, and recitations brought the even ing to a close with the National Anthem. The schoolroom is a first-class building. 31 feet long by 18 feet wide in the clear, and 14 feet 6 in. from floor to ceiling, and it possesses considerable acoustic properties. The schoolmaster is opening an evening school, thus supplying a want long felt. The female scholars arc under the tuition of Mrs. DdttOIl. CARLINGTON, April 28. Many farmers are busy sowing their wheat, the land in most cases having been carefully prepared, and in very good order for receiving it. Others are ploughing, and others again are compelled to wait for a further instalment of aqua pura before they can make much pi ogress. Our new bridge orer the Bremer is fast approach ing completion, and tbe contractor, Mr. McDonald, is making every exertion to get it finished before the rain sets in. Our stone bridge of last year came to grief so soon after it was erected that the Nairne District Council decided to erect a trassel bridge of colonial timber rather tfcan venture again into the depths of bricks and mortar, or (as some wags said) "the wattle and dab line." MEADOWS; April 2S. The Young Men's Association monthly readings hare been resuscitated. Tbe first of the series was last night, when moretban 100 persons spent a few hours in an iunoceu? and mirthful way—a con vincing proof that however much these may be condemned or abused by a few, they are appre ciated and patronised by the majority. The enter tainment consisted of readings by Mr. W. Ffearson, recitations by Messrs. W. Pearson, T. Cook, W. Ellis, and J. B. Haywardf. songs by Messas. Cradick, W. Rutland, and S. Rogers. Mr. Sam. Rogers also acted as violinist. Mr. Rutland'was thrice encored, and kindly acauieseed. The results of the vintage now being gathered promise to be not only abundant, but of superior quality. The farmers are ploughing and pro paring for seed- time. The late rains have started the feed, which is growing beautifully. 