01JKL0ND0N NEWS-LETTER.?" . ■ [From our own Corregponierit.] - London, November 5, (1869. 5The Earl of Derby, -who Iw. .filled* 'space in. ithe public eye forthree decades ofs years," has at length succumbed to. age and infirmities, somewhat over the alloted space of three score years and ten. His Lordship> was expecting the oft-deferred visit of the Fnnce and Princess of "Wales to Rnowsley this month. ,-Bht- it was not to be.—An-attack-of his:old j enemy,,the> gout, found Lord Derby less atffij to offer resistance than; formerly;; ■HeclJfecatao'. seriously ill about the 12th,o£ October.- -Thern was then a slight rally, y^ch^howeVer,^prOYed deceptive,. His strength hegan rapidly, to tgive, way. On-. Sunday,, the, 17th,. Has iLonwhip ceased? to take nourishment, and on the follow-; ing day became'unconscious. -In this state 'he lingered till, the^succeeding; Saturday, morarngf taking, ho food, and suffering little .pain...The spark of life was ..kept, in Mm/by a-natiu^Uy. strong constitution ■ till his? vital power-had ebbed away. In accdrdance^tii his -exphcit'1 instructions, his fnhetal was ' private and unos tentatious," "Sis '-"remains- being -interred-- on Friday last at Knowsley Church, and followed by few mourners save his • immediate relatives.. Though Lord Derby has taken, but little part" iu public life since his resignation, of the Premiership about two years ago, his death has created a void in the Conservative party, which no one else can fill. Thepapershave teemed with memoirs of this distinguished statesman,- but only one or two featnres of his public career need here be adverted to. When he entered public life as plain Mr. Stanley, both his father and grandfather—the latter giving the name of " Derby" to -the celebrated race—were still alive. Their opinions and influence were identified with the Whigs, and the young Stanley devoted.his eloquent tongue,, when_he. entered Parliament, to the advocacy of Liberal measures, such as Parliamentary reform. But ifrom the first he stood, by the ^Established ■Church, as early as 1824 opposing a motion 'made by Mr.-Hume for a reduction of the Irish 'Church. A young man with such .antecedents -and abilities was marked out'for^high' 'office^ For a short time he: was Under-Secretary; for ■the Colonies in CanningVshortdived'Ministry,;; ;and when Earl Grey came "in after the Reform 'Bill he became Chief Secretary for Ireland, in 'which'capacity, he had -some I severe; personal 'conflicts with O'Connell, and;brought in that? •excellent measure of national education -with- which his -name- is identifiedras well •as the'Bill for relieving the Irish 'Church of its superfluous bishops. Subsequently he be-; came Colonial Secretary,, and carried through Parliament the Emancipation Act',,which the zeal of Brougham, Wilberforce, and Clarkson had forced on the Government; In 1834 Lord Stanley separated himself from the".Whigs _on the question of the Irish .Church he, with !Sir James Graham, the Duke, of Richmond, 'and others,'resisting the proposed appropriation of its surplus revenues to purposes _ of educa l kaon. It was with reference to this secession rthat O'Connell, in his most humorous manner; •; Switching his wig and rolling; his eye, quoted ithe couplet after which H. B. made one of his best sketches:— . Still down the., steep romantic; Ashbourne 'The Derby Dilly, with its sir insides. 'The secession of the; Derby Dilly put a stop to -all schemes for the appropriation of the funds ot the Irish Church. In-1834 the accession 1 of his father "to the "Earldom of Derby converted Mr. into Lord Stanley. His Conservative leanings _ now became ,more apparent. 'He joined Sir Robert Peel in 1811, resuming the seals of tbe.> Colonial Office, and I taking his seat iu the Upper'House by special appointment during his father's life time. _ When, in 1845, in consequence of the Irish famine, Sir Robert proposed ihe repeal of the Corn Laws. | Lord Stanley seceded "from "the Government, and soon after the great Mister feU, and Lord I John Russell succeeded hiro.. Lord Stanley ; in 1851 became the Earl of Derby, and the acknowledged head of 'the Conservative party. Proxies were th®._in'voghe,..ih reference to. which it used to, he said that his Lordship carried the House of Peers in his pocket. With I Mr. Disraellihe now pursued a policy of re sistance. Lord Derby has since been the head I of three -r short-lived Administrations, Mr. i Disraeli always taking the lead. -In 1866 the Tories, in conjunction with Mr. Lowe and the Adullamites, prevented Earl "Russell's Cabinet from carrying their measure of Parlia mentary.- reform, and-Lord-Derby wassoorf again-in power. Then came- the ''yde Park demonstration,~a~Torj panicfand"" the leap m the dark," which landed the country in house hold suffrajge and; His-LbrdshipVillness. To I Mr. Disraeli, who succeeded him, His Lordship , gave such counsel and support as were necessary. I Bnt the tide of eveats was sweeping past Lord Derby. He stood almost alone among, eminent Conservative peers- in giving' to the. Disestablishment Bill of .last session the same energetic opposition- with which he bad en | countered the Suspensory Billinl867;His last. I public appearance was a melancholy occasion. In the final compromise arranged .between Earl Granville and Lord Cairns, Lord Derby was not consulted. He went down to the House, and heard publicly from Lord Cairns's lip's for the I first time of the transaction. When that, leader had done his Lordship "rose, and mutter ing, "This is not. the place for me," tottered out of a House where he was once supreme, bnt where his reign was at an end, and. which he was destined never more to enter. I If Lord Derby has not left a mark upon the historyandlegislationof England, commensurate with'his splendid abilities, it is owing to his restless and combative nature, family position, and dislike of industry. -The two great m a i stires with which he was identified—the. aboli tion of slavery and the Irish system of national education—were not strictly his own; and but' for his foolish antagonism in late years to every measure of liberal improvement, his Conserva tive followers would not have had to bewail the, enactment of household "suffrage/ To his' .powers of intellect and character the Daily News pays. the following generous tribute:— " Even in those crises jvhen popular feeling, was most Mienated "from" him, the English nation had at bottom a real liking for Lord Derby; He impersonated some of the qualities which his countrymen most; admire. -His manly and intrepid bearing expressed a nature to which fear was as strange as it'was to Lord Nelson himself. He never quailed before a foe, and he never deserted a friend. The unexampled sway which he exercised over his party was due in some degree, | probably, to the adventitious circumstances of birth and fortune which distinguished him even among English peers.. In a still greater measure it was owing to his great intellectual superiority, and to powers of oratory unrivalled among poli ticians of his own standing, and not excelled by even the most brilliant of his younger contem poraries. But the. firmest bond; between him' and them was that personal loyalty to those whom he led which, called forth a responsive allegiance as strong and unwavering on their part; that chivalry of natui-e which leaped for ward to meet every challenge, and did not count the odds. Even the mistakes of Lord Derby's career had their origin in qualities which every one may admire. His conduct oil various occasions showed a veiy mistaken esti mate of the considerations which should guide a, statesman. But the uprightness and noble ness of his motives cannot be reasonably im pugned. He was a man of generous but narrow impulses, who acted with entire honesty on a survey of an infinitesimal portion of the consi derations by which a calmer intelleot and a more - judicial-temper would have been swayed. Even the vices of his temparament, his habitual haughtiness, and his occasional arrogance, were bnt the reflection of a character which scorned everything that was mean, and would make no terms with pretenders. The soorn was Rxn^misjfpplied, and showed rather want of discernment in the mind that felt it than want merit in its object. Lord Derby's intellect d jjehkracter were well expressed in the jjhrase' V>y which an eminent rival once desig '^tediiia oratory. He was described by Lord [Ralmerston as the best "off-hand" speaker pwfib*had ever sat in Parliament. Lord Derby's impressions, judgments, and actions were "off hand." None can wonder that he fell into many-xnistakesfivBut.in.spite.ofthem^andia pome degree even through them, he retained the unbounded personal affection and political confidence qf hia^oLcwers, and the respect and l'liking of:5Sr opponents. "His erecfandYpiritea bearag*hu;impulsive aed: vigorous yet flexible elpquenicejfhis; relish ;fop ,the inanly ^iorts ;<jf Engliifiimen,'his2tinctu'r&Tof; fltpmyt'aste and. clasricat scholarship, 'were qualities which havp. a powerful attraction for^his countroneiha' A' private Ifl^.^df ^t^ieskhonor and' gWnerom»,,af. fectiqn duUrreapfed' the 'reu&rd; 'ot i'a-' dome&tic.;, soCTow-richer ,inr tribute 'than .the. umyersal? was,the'.noblest Romanhf.them aIL"; ' '-Iii'a. similar spirit; _ the Times,r remarks on' h a, ' p'ersoiial qualities He was a splendid specm!eifr -e "-'i'-ww V"-'—Lii» aV -Jl' conversation on feligion witli lxttle' children,' ot in parley with jockeys, while training Toxopho Rte>.or,xendering Homer,into English,yerse, ,ot' • ■ in B^t'ely^Lafen diBCojurse' as * the ChanceUor Of, ' his iUniversityj or in. joyous, talkina drawing-^ room among ladies;, whom' he deHgh'ted to chafff5 or m caring for the needs of Lancashire opera» tives, there was a force.and a fire' about'hini' that acted like .a spell. Of aU .his public acts., none' did him; more . honor and-none made .'^a' deeper impresisionoh the minds pf his countiy' mep than thatJ to'whibh we .have juet; alliided— his' condUcton, the Occasion 'of the cotto'n fimine in Lancashire;- 'Ntf mafl'm'^^^sdom'sym pathised-.more Irnly. .than, he .with the. distress oij'the p'oh'r .Laflca'sBre >pinnera,; and; pie'rhap^^ rio-ihan'did sbVmuchns^he/fdf ^ was,not' simply that he'gave.jtHeihfa^princely^ dohafion ;.,lie /worked hardfor. them '-in'^tifej Commititee:which wak established 'in their1 aid'; r he was, indeed, the life/and/spul of the Com mittee^ and for 'moflthk at1'that'rbitterstime< he went abohtdoing good by precept and exampfe, so ,thskt myriads in Lancashire-now'bless his name. '/He will long live in. meijoory as one of. thel jmast/remarkable/ and indeed irresistible.' men of our.time—a man privately beloved and publicly admired, who showed extraordinary cleverness in many ways; was the greatest;, orator of his day, and was the most brilliant,' thonghnot the most successful, Parliamentary-3 leader of the last' half- century. » .. ./ 'Lord Stanley has now succeeded to the ances-:'" tral title and-1 estates, ; and there has beep'5 -abundant.' to '/the role he .will'5 assume/ The difference hetween father and son'1 can hardly he better summed up than-5 in two"5 little stories which are certainly goo 1' enough to 0 be true. Lord Stanley is said to have observed, "My father.would: be. a ..very, able mam—if he, knew anythingand Lord Derby, when asked why he had not sent his translation of the Iliad to his son, is rumored to have replied that he ., was wpiting till" it should be printed in prosp, .. and published in the form of s blue-book. The; Pew "Earl of Derby, phlegmatic, well-informed,'^ broad and liberal, but philosophical rather than1 generous in his sympathies,- despising party combinations and tactics, and thoroughly utili tarian in his views—the new peer has now the . field before him. Though cordially attached to Mr.' Disraeli; He cannot Very cordially sympa thise him, nor is* it 'expected that he will choose to become in any sense the Conservative leader iP the Upper House. The question ofa his fnture position becomes all the more' in teresting owing to a remirkable article which appears in the current number of the Quarterly . Review. This effusion, which if hot written by the Marquis of Salisbury, is understood to have been inspired by him, suggests a new policy for the Conservative party. They are invited byr the Quarterly to retire to their natural position^ as the defenders of the . institutions -.of the country,—to—eschew—alliances—-wifcb Badicalism, to; give up all thoughts of office for years to come, and devote themselves to a re-, organisation of their strength after the fashion; of Sir .Robert Peel in the years preceding 1841. ' In due time; by taking this course, they mil r attract the more conservative elements from; the libend'side, and strengthen their hold on pub-7 lie opinion/ 'It is implied, though not actually suggested, . thht Mr. Disraeli must he .thro wn' ' overboard. "But the Ex- Prime "Minister is 'a'J necessity. ■ The Conservatives are as.little able to discard him as they are capable of passing; a - self-denying ordinance of exclusion from DowhA jog-street*fop some-,years to come, 'though/that" may, 'under any probable circunastances, betheU _ fate. So they^ill apparently go onin thp'oid ' style," with'the situation" considerably mbdifiecf, There will no longer be "a Lord Derby t or ally their enthusiasm and command' their homage, though there will;be a Lord.Derby who will be willing' to hold" the. '.balance/and moderate ." stupid? Toryism/"" Mri Disraeli, deprived of Lord Stanley in the Commons, will be more than ever essential to the party, and" more than ever daring" and inventive. Lord/Salisbury Trill.'/ exercise but Bttie ;Jinfluence'as';an independent;> Conservative ; in/the /House of Peers, lggsTeyeh, - than-tbe'Ekrrof Derby, who will at leasfassist' his party' when, he .can.' 'it is a bad prospect, for thd Conservatives, hut their present despe-" rate position'is . the just penalty of baving sacrificed theirjprinciples for the sake of office. " Ministers have already, begun to hold their Cabinet^ CdnncUs for the consideration of: the, prc^rkmrne' for-next session, and of course the air is filled-with rumors. It is supposed that ^ th^ir Irish land measure: has}been.under con- ' sideration^ -and- bo'tK'thq"Timet arid Dat7y iTews „ concur- in ;the belief that- what is called'the i Ulster custom will form its basis. -This consists'! in the right of the bntgqing.tenant to sell what is called the good-will of thV farm. "A far mer," says "Sir "Thomas"Uazleyl " inighTTiof" have improved the land he cultivated in the least, hut perhaps he held his farm at a reason able rent, and he said he would not part with it unless he got two or three hundred pounds for _ doing so." As Sir Thomas Bazley. states the. 1 case, the proceedings of the hypothetical if ar mer appear rather highhanded. But what if he himself has paid the £200. or £300 ;to his predecessor on taking possession which he demanded from his "successor on quitting; and so on indefinitely backwards? This usage which 'is then re&l; custom of tenant-right does not, as is "sometimes said,"go back to the tribal organization of the conntry, but exprefKes;. the conditions, of the English and Scotch-Pro- . testant plantations." A certain fixity; of tenure 'j was the condition of settlement, and is tbqf> basis of what seems to Sir T. Bazley an inex plicable practice. The payment for the good will of a farm, which is often made, by land lords themselves in dispossessing the occupier, is a.recognition of a kind of right of- user in the soiL The occupier practically buys the moral - right, which it would be.easy to make legal, of continuing in possession of his farm so long as : he fulfils the' conditions of his tenancy. If he - is dispossessed he is of course entitled to his purchase-money, in addition to the vB^e of "his '' improvements. ' Both landlords ;Snd . tenants are found to-abuse their rights founded on this custom, and"* as" compare'd_with~a~"system of*' leases it possesses no advantage, except that it is establishedincertaindistricts. Perhaps all that . is said about the Ministerial Bill is mere guess work. But we may assume that, like the Irish , Ohurch Bill,it -will be completeaudfiual."While, the subject is being discussed by responsible Ministers of the Crown, it maybe well to "glance at the present condition of Ireland. During the month ah active agitation has_been going . on for the release of the' Irish" convicts under the auspices of an " Amnesty Association •, at the head of. which is-Mr." Butt'"and 1 Mr, Moore, M. P, _ There, have been .mon ster meetings in all parts of Ireland, f , and though here - and there the. clemency ; of-the Crown haa been- asked as! -ainat ter of favor,;'tbe prevailing tone has been one of £ menace. An amnesty hafe been demanded'^as; ; a matter of justice to Ireland, an l some of the ■ most prominent speakers have indulged in se- - ditious threats if their "mandates4 should not~.be ; obeyed, bo as to disgust so uncompromising an • Irish patriot as The O'Donoghue. That hon.' gentleman in a published letter thus expresses 0 His indignation:—"How my dear countryman in their cells must curse the vanity or the heartleTs ■ spouters, who would persuade theft world that, while powerless to, save, the captivel from being dragged'wimin tho'prison walls, they can nevertheless extort his.release.,; ..It is this loathsome fustian'.that keels'ihe door locked,, and :hot" the':" hriappeafced wrath or. vindictiveries's of ''.either __the .Goverht. ment or. Britjsh^pepple." Under these cir^ cumstiahces 'there was but one,, coprse. .open to the'^^yeifimeht; " Writing' in: ieply tto meihorial frouiLliimeribk the' 'Piiiine Minister1 expresses his deliberate judgment' '''triat'.'to' advise...the. release 'of' the 'prisoners'would be. contrary,to. our duty as guardians of the public • security arid peace." Mr. Gladstones letter is ; no .curt-' refusal, of. the' demands'o'f the memo-' ri&lists;, but'ai full exposition of the views of the; Government on the'subject, written with ah* admirable mixture' of'kindly feeling and firm-/ ness;ef purpose, ilt is absolutely unanswerablei.' Nptwitlwtahclirig this answer,' which still ,left, the' door opehV the Amnesty-'OomMttee'have' .' resolved to/prosecute their agitation,^and,^'.en-; Sunday week they held a great m'eetingsin;Hyd^' Park.. Mr. .Moore tells his counttymen.that ne has' now no confidence in Mr.1 Gladstone,. '.' the head gaoler," and,Mr.; Butt hints:thaf,' "when.1 necessary,' he knows that he *cah;'call!; but; not 200,000 but 500,000 men; I^cal Amhes'ty Associations r are . to be 'formed throityhoritf; the country;: though^ cras ;the Dean of Tralee'.. (Roman Catholic), says he wishes he" could beV;'. • lieve that the'men who," for the past J two-, months, have been- keepingup a: " wicked;, agitation" fSg the release or the Fenian'pn-1 soners, did not foresee the result of their' pro0 ceedings—that they must end ihVrivetmg' the , chains of the Fenian convicts. He believes,/ however, that they were well awate of .the ten-' dency of the agitation,' arid'that, nevertheless;; for the sake of ephemeral popularity, or to put money in their purse} they persevere in it.; ^ if. Simultaneously there has been going1 on!in' Ireland an agitation for firity of tenure.- ' It. has been taken up by Boards'of Guardians, and; carried on by monster county meetmpT."W"e . read of 10,000 persons being present at Navan,;', 13,000 at Cavan,.and7,000'at Scqtsto\TO i Some; of the most successful of these demdnstra'tipns: have taken place in the Northern province}' at which a .resolution has -been proposed to the effect " that the. Ulster: tenantrighti; existing on only a few properties in thiscounty' (Cavan), and even on those in a modified form, affords no adequate remedy for the injustice complained of, or inducementto the occupier of the soil to invest his capital or;labor." "At nearly all these meetings very strong language1 has been used, and .fixity of tenure conditional on due payment of rent demanded.. The whole country is deeply moved on the subject, ana though Sir Oolman O'Loghlih-hints that the present Cabinet will settle the question " unless' thwarted by extravagant demands," the popular feeling finds expression in the language of Sir John Gray, at Clare.- Henceforth,he said, "they should stand on their own land with God as their chief landlord—with-this decree, registered by the pebplOhem s elves,-that while they gave to the hum'an landlord'hls reiit fairly, honestly, punctually," and equitablyp God alone shall disturb' them from 'thexr homes.?' (Tre mendous cheering).! He ridiculed a{ Compensa tion Bill. At! this meeting; theieJweip groans for " bad landlordism, " and cries .of ."Release the prisoners." : jFpr. a whilethe amfiesty movement and the tenant rightj^tariphJmve! been going on together with a tacit understanding1.' But as the former has begun to assume a Fenian tinge, the farmers have fought shy of it. The new turn of affairs was illustrated last Monday by a striking incident. One 'of the many county meetings which has been: summoned in support of the tenant-right movement was to have been held at Limerick on Monday, but scarcely had the proceedings commenced; "when, on a given signal, nearly 20,000 Fenians rushed into the Market-square, and, dashing impetuously up: to the platform, tore it asunder... in a few minuteB and carried the .-fragments to Garry owen, where they made -a bonfire of it amid cheers of triumph." Roman .Catholic clergy men on attempting to calm the. multitude were greeted.-with a shower of stones, and many of the farmers received illusage. The outrage is believed to be the result of a decision at the Fenian head-quarters in Dublin,1-that no con cession on the part of- the Government, not' even fixity of tenure, would be accepted as a measure of conciliation unless preceded by the ' liberation of the political prisoners. We have" thus striking proof of the statement of Mr. Gladstone in the letter above referred to, that Fenianism is far from dead. ; There has been a pretty hubbub during! the' month apropos of .the nomination of Dr. Temple' to;the vacant .see of-Exeter.- That honored;! gentleman, who has been- for--'some years past Head. Master of Rugby, was, it will be remera-" bered, one of the contributors to the ^lebratdd^ "Essays and Reviews." His own paper was harm less enough,-and containe'd- the- substance of a1! sermon'he*had:-preached: before tbe'UiuyefBity> of_Oxford without .p^eqtioift''--'. 'WRen'-^ie'' volume was published-it' wak expressly declared that each contributor ! was responsible bnly-fbr ' his own essay. - Subsequently, when .there, was sojoud an outcry against "Essays ahd Reriewsj" Dr. Temple,, by way of vindication, published-a^ volume of sermons preached at Rugby, full of lofty Christian sentiment and deVotibnal feel-; ing.r 'However; ;a largeisecfidn-'of this' clergy have keen in Dr. Temple only one.'of thef authors of that volume—sepfm'cbnfra Gfinstuni] they were' called—and they: have been busy writing letters of denunciation'and memorial ising the Dean and Chapter of Exeter to refuse their sanction fo~tbe. appointment. -"Dr. Pusey.l entered the lists, and"in si long letter urging; resistance, described the nomination" of'! Dr. Temple as " a horrible 'scandal," and called upon the diocese- of Exeter to rise against: the Bishop- designate.- As for others, says Dr. Pusey, "there is nothing left but to pray and strive that the Ohnrch should be delivered from the tyranny of the: State at any cost."' Better to face at once what must come in 10 years at latest; better to be bared of: aMextemal help, if need be," now, .than, when paralysed. Archdeacon Denison writes in a similar strain, also demanding disestablishn^ltu if the nomination should be persisted iii. Ac cording to the Archdeacon, by the election of Dr. Temple " a direct and intolerable offence and treason will have been committed against Christ and His Church, and it wilT'beceme the duty of every Churchman to labor actively and steadily to dissolve all connection between Church and State.'' „ Thz Record .chimei it. " Disestablishment and disendowmentj" quoth the Evangelical ergan,"are as .nothing com pared with an arbitrary, and despotic exercise of power directed against the . .vital principles by which alone ' the. lamp, of; truth can be kept auve within the heart of; any Christian Church." Combined actionagainstDr. Temple was resolved upon, and it was announced that the Earl of Shaftesbury and T>r. Puse^ Wuld'be mem bers ' of the Joint Committee.' His" Lord* ■hip, however, though willing to "join, in- any solemn dignified protest against the appointment," declined any such al liance. The attempt at combined action was still persisted in, and at a meeting at Cockspur street. a large and comprehensive, Committee was nominated. But ''they all, with one consent, began to make excuse." Earl Nelson repudiated the proffered place on the Com mittee. Dean Close was indignant that it should be supposed he .could unite with;High Churchmen; the Revs..- Daniel Wilson, and Daniel Moore also declined. The Rev. Hobart Seymour would have no connection with Dr. Pusey ; and Dean McNeils considers that' divine "more dangerous to.the best'interests of our" Reformed Church than two Dr. Temples." The tide now began, to' turn, and. in articlesv and letters the merits of the Bishop- designate and his orthodoxy were set forth.: The hopes of the. .Evangelicals rested .on Dean. Boyd, but that clergyman writes to Dean McNeil that unless he. has llegal" proof: of Drh Temple's heresy before him he dare not commit "an act. of di&spect; to the Crown and unfairness to an indivnrarJ. by refusing :to elect himl to an office to which his Sovereign has called him." Canon: Cook, editor of the'long-looked-for ' Speaker's Commentary," who was expected to be one of the Doctor's' strongest opponents, has declined the task; and Archdeacon Downall has written" to excuse himself, for he is afraid he may be "fosteringrebellion" and fighting against Pro ridence by voting against the nominee of the iQrown. It has been"officially announced that Her Majesty has issued her conge d'6Ure to the missive naming Dr. Temple as the person whom they have ^leaver to" choose. ' The election will take place to-morrow. Bishop Trower, who lately administered the :diocese for Bishop Phillpotslwill lead the, opposition, nut no doubtf is entertained of the result. Dr." Templey^,,ib!is'';ekpected):be'elected by 14 to 8 vetoes.-c Mri Gladstone replies to one remon strant that " the highest and] most responsible authorities of the Church": have expressed no dissatisfaction Trith' the nomination, and sugr {jests that his -correspondent may " relieve his mind"' by areading Dr. Temple's sermons. These sermons, however, according to Dr. Pusey, only help .to .fix tbe charge of . heresy upon Dr. Temple more firmly, for, quoting a review,"" they'might alt have been written by a Socinian." The Doctor himself tells the clergy and people of Rugby who have expressed their ygret atrparting" with"him, and their great admiration for his character, that he thought it his duty to accept " a position to . which he was called both by the authorities of the: Stated and by the number of people whb'setmr to tHnk ho would be more useful there than at Rugby"; but he never , expects to pass such [ enjoyable years again' as he has spent at the school, for " here he had never met with misconstruction, and it was impossible that this - should be his lot hereafter,"; To an siddress of sympathy from some of. the Devon shire ''<timgy'-7- and there "have been many siich—Dr. Temple replies that if "in the Providence of God" he should become the Sishop, he will " co-operate heartily and ener :^etiially with all who "devote themselves, to ,.the-service of God in purity ana m love, probably be will become one of the most •popular members of the Episcopal Bench; and, after the election, he, has promised a full ex planation ofvhis religious; views. ..The late ^ agitation may, or at least ought to, have the effect of bringing about the abolition of the [conge d' dire, and of "that awful mockery of ■the invocation of .the Holy Ghost on what'is,' a^r ifl,"'a foregone! conclusion. • I Disestablishment is the main topic of clerical 'meetings, and .Episcopal, chmrges-^isestablish ment and friendly relations with "the once con temned Nonconformists. Again and again these points were referred to at the Church Congress at iLiverpool,. and the prospect of 'losing the alliance of the -tate was received without dis may. "The 'old ship,'" said Archdeacon fori pry, 44 is running upon the breakers." "The Church," said Archdeacon benison, " is gone aindwhenhe said it, a voice cried'out, ""You ^re right." Canon Trevor said he agreed with Archdeacon Denison that the " Church was gone. TheyJwbuld .have (toi quit, :.as another Church had done." To save herself at present,. said Mr. Hubbard, she had to " clutch. a^andL ding to any straw." The BishopJ of Rochester* tells his clergy that "if any great change Mould take1 place, the work of the Church might go on in its regular course, and the nation be scarcely sensible, except by the with drawal. ,of. apme. .external, privileges,: of: any. mmhtion jJbFloss*" of lis "accustomed "spiritual inigtratioMa'' The Bishop of Elyowns it dif-_. cult to make out a plausible case for a Church istablishment imEngland now that we have cotlahd: with a Presbyterian Establishment, ad^ Ireland with no professed creed or Jhprch." Then comes the learned and sagacious Bishop of-^ St. Davids. Dr. Shirlwall told his,-.clergy last week that, lohgh he did-^not anticipate any imme diatej danger, ( ho'' views the abolition of t-he-jlrish Churchl as^ w sign of the times, and An indication ofthe'direction of public opinion. Phisliriight naturally make them feel uneasy. ftejJUttweVer. feare<J littlpfrom those without, out apprehended senouaplahger from within. Some, things he considered inevitable. It was not'tpossiLle to/ donbt'the disruption of the. Church into tyro ■ or three .sections, one of whioh would soon. be merged in the Church of Rome, hi"; ~ ' The course ;of:: ecclesiastical events in Eng land jwill be ina,terially effected by the out J >me ' of'~diseWtablishinentf ,in •Ireland.- At ireaent Sll'goM well; i Ati the1 great' lay con jerefice held Hn-Dublin about the middle of ksfimonth", theDuke of Abercorn in the chair, It [Was resolve\l\that* ^here ;should be two lay jo bhe clerical \delegatp to the general Synod; mat.- voting riwudd \he by .'orders and io^T|in--one 'aiaembly—a large concession > jthe (Bishops Vinff mlergy—and that the litj^should have Vpo.wer to take, cogni iance ei'qnestions ^of: doctrine and lisci iliaeT with a view sto .check the spread of jacerpotalism. The latter is a sore "point, fith some of the clergy," who, talk of seceding. ' the; right is conceded, but "Archbishop Trench id-fiis clergy havpxacquiesced^ and the Dublin rail' writesthat separate coun ts are now forever at an end; and that, as the Church has spoken well-nigh unanimously, a. small knot of mediaval clerics will no longer 3 sTff|e^f?fco^trbuble its peace or obstruct its lostfnμ^worki" • The general Synod will probably be held next lonth, and preparations are "being made for .e elections—the constituency being male lult'members of the congregations; 21 years of je. In a published .letter, 44 An Unbeneficed Clergyman" of; Oxford, states as the result of ?'ecent. observations in Ireland, his belief that he Free Churoh "will flourish in. a way that numbers who hug the" chainsof the establish-, ment in this country: little imagine," and he quotes the opinion of a Roman Catholic Priest, that his Church will find the Free Episcopalian community, a!far; more formidable antagonist than Las ever yet been the case. V* ' j The educational campaign has fairly opened m prospeot of-the Goyerninent Bill of next ses sion. The vice "of "the pre sent denominational system is that it affords help''where it is least needed, and leayes'whole, districts unprovided for. How is this .deficiency ;fo be made good. Early in the month the Nat&nal; Education Iieague wasinaugurated at Birmiughamwith'an Effective ponfereacfi extending oyer two days. • |ts programme^is -as "follows "Object—The ' establishment of a system which shall secure"the Education of eveiy child-in Englknd and Wales, ^eans—R. Lpcal authorities" shall be compelled by law to see that, sufficient school accommoda tion is provided fdr^every child in their district. 2\. The cost of'founding and maintaining such schools as"-"may be required shall be provided <jut of 'local rates, supplemented, by Govern ment grants. „ 3. All schools aided by local rates shall.be under the management of local authoritiesrand subject to Government inspec tion. 4. All schools aided by local rates shall be unsectarian." 5. To all schools aided by local rates admission shall be free. 6. School 4ccemmodatipU being provided, the State or the local authorities shall have power to compel the attendance of children of suitable age not other wise reviving education." The League has for some months been quietly but actively at work. It has formed branch associations in most of the large towns, has secured the adhesion of some ijorty M.P.'s, many-persons of influence in all Jralks of life, and about four hundred ministers , f religion.: and'starts with a. fund of £15,000. It has decided that a Bill embodying the prin ciples of the League shall be introduced next ^ession, and a number of papers were read, explaining in detail how the objects of the League can best be carried into effect. \ - [\ ' ; \ The Patt Matt Gazette is publishing a series of articles, "Through the Vineyards," which Are well'worthy the attention of South Aus Lre well(„worthy the attention of South Aus tralian wine producers. The writer has been through sqme'of the principal wine districts of ■ Prance, and describes with a good deal of ani fnation what he saw. One thing is manifest from what he says. The best wines are not ob tained without immense .care and labor. The grapes are hot thr wn en masse into the press, but weeded, -and all the stalks removed. They ihusgetthe pure juice of the grape, and avoid adulterating it with that acid which comes from the J stalks and deteriorates the qua lity of the wine. This trouble seems to be well worth the while of the proprietors of French vineyards. Is it not w ill entitled to the at tention of Australian growers, whose grapes can hardly be inferior to those of France 1 Per I hape if such attention were bestowed in the 1—r—■—.-., ■ —p , t, preparation, jof the /luscious, beny onyotulside the globe South Australia- might successfully compete with France in European markets, and your export;'of wine in course of time become something considerable. One or two facts relative to the great meat question are deserving of record. In the first place,-now that cold weather has set in, the foot and mouth disease, which has been only too general, is. beginning to subside. It is im possible at present to say what devastation it has causeffin bur herds, :Lut; it hat - certainly greatly limited the supply of milk in the neigh borhood of London. Next, Iunderstand that the projected dinner oh a large scale of Australian meats will shortly come off at the Lambeth Baths. It will be a working class banquet, but there is likely to be an' influential attendance of their friends in high life. A similar banquet is to take place in Paris, and the project is re' csiving the cordial support of. the Emperor in person. _ With their cooking genius and facilities it might be expected that Australian preserved meat would, jnake way amongst the French much faster than on this side the Channel. However, it is quite possible to report progress in London, and all Australians ..will be. pleased-to read the following descrip tion of Mr. Tallerman's enterprise, given in the last_ number of the Observer .-—Among the earliest and most perservering importers of Australian meat has been Mr. Tallerman, of Norton Folgate.;* The method by which the meat which he brought over is prepared and pre served differs from that adopted by other importers. .A joint of-meat—it may be ribs of beef or a leg of mutton—is boned, salted, rolled and. covered with a linen envelope. Over the linen is a thick coating of fat, which acts in the way of hermetically sealing what it covers. Notwithstanding "opinions of the press," and the favorable verdict of several parties of working men, whom Mr. Tallerman banquetted on the various preparations of his meats, their pro gress in popular appreciation was not very rapid.. At length it struck Mr. Tallerman that if people were loth to buy his meat and cook it themselves, they might take it more kindly if ,h®.,.gy.ye them the offer of it ready cooked. Accordingly, about four mohths ago, he opened a portion of his premises as a dining-room, and set up a cook and a- set of coppers on his own account. The piece de resistance in the modest bill- of-fare was "Irish stew," composed of Aus tralian meat, British potatoes, onions, and carrots. The tariff fixed was one penny ster ling for a fair-sized plateful of what is really savory and wholesome food. As an alternative pennyworth there was a plateful of pea-soup (the stock being Australian beef;, and a slice of bread. At first the "penny dinners" were by ho means a promising speculation. On the first day there were four customers, one of whom afe three platefuls and then wanted his money back. In ;tne-early days many people came in and-asked if-the meat used in making the dishes was,Australian;; and on being answered in the affirmative emitted a sniff of contemptu ous disgust and walked out. But by and by the tide began to turn. A good many penny dinners were sent for from the neighboring work shops and factories, and by the end of the first month more ; than 60 dinners ,a day were consumed. Then, like Phaeton's car, the penny dinner acquirit vires eundo; before two months were over 600 was the daily average. Now quite 1,100 a day are disposed of, a goodly share of which are eaten on the premises, whilst numerous pannikins come childreii-borne from a radius of more than a mile. The rush at midday is quite overwhelming. On Friday last 403. were taken in pennies between half past 12 and half-past 1. The accommodation lor tlie diners on. the premises has become quite insufficient and Mr. Tallerman is in treaty .for _ the adjacent City of London Theatie, which" ~he proposes to convert into a monster dining-hall, and which will accommodate 1,600 persons._ Last week a branch establishment was opened in Boswell-street, Islington,"and it is a significant circumstance that, whereas at Norton Folgate, within the first month the average of dinners had_ not reached 100 a day; that figure was reached in Boswell-street within four days. Of course there is a great variety among - the .horde of : customers. The working../classes," both: male and female; predominate; the ladies, who at the outset were the bitterest against , the /" rubbishy tack," being now among the. most constant customers, and peculiarly prone to the luxury of a second coarse. But there are large numbers not be longing to what are generally known as the working classes. City clerks have begun to find their way down to Norton Folgate for a cheap, plentiful, and wholesome dinner. Some of the younger lads go in for luxurious feeding at- a most demoralising rate, having three courses, for the sum. of 3d. The following is the menu:— "Bouillon (pea soup) and bread ... Id. Irish stew ... ... ..." ... do. ; Meat pastry (sausage roll) ' ..." do. The quantity of_ provisions required to feed all this great multitude is considerably greater than the five barley loaves and two small fishes. More than half a ton of Australian meat is daily consigned to the steam boilers, of which thera are four, each holding 60 gallons. Two hundred weight and" a half of hot vegetables and three sacks of potatoes go info the cauldrons along with the meat, and the combination comes out of them in the form of_ Irish stew. The pea-soup is in addition. Then there is an extensive sale of sausage- rolls—over 800 per day. The art of preserving meat has not yet reached perfection, and many wise heads are busy with the subject. Mr. Richard Jones, of Botolph lane, M.R.C.S., has taken out a patent; and at_ a dinner given by him the other day it is said that one and all, "including gentlemen in terested in rival systems," pronounced his pre served beef to be the best they had ever tasted. It was "firm as.an* ordinary roast joint, and almost as rich , in flavor." Such is the opinion of Dr. Lankester—ns mean authority. But fatality seems to follow all attempts to utilise the beef of the South American pampas, j Eighty carcases, it appears, had been shipped in the "City of Buenos Ayres for England after having been duly imbedded in "ice, sawdust, and charcoal;" but they were thrown overbo-ird 30 days after leaving port, the meat having " turned bad." Meanwhile, as the Daily Tele graph remarks, it is satisfactory to know that science is furnished already with other and far more hopeful means whereby to solve the diffi culty of annihilating both time and space, and making beef growers and beef eaters happy by one and the same process. I send you some particulars: of the British Indian Extension Telegraph. Company from Ceylon to Singapore, and have only here to say I that all the shares are taken, so that the enter prise •yyill be carried out. : A Bankrupt's Stock has an almost irresistible charm for persons unacquainted with business. To their idea it must be cheap, because pur chased at a discount from its cost to the un fortunate tradesman, not being aware, as any business person is, that in nine cases out of ten a bankrupt's stock is originally bought at least 10 per cent, worse than most others, and much more than that in comparison with some. In ad dition to this the stock is usually old-fashioned in consequence of a very limited trade. In many instances this will reduce the value o articles at least 50 per cent. But notwith standing these and many other deteriorating circumstances, in consequence of the rush and excitement frequently attending the sale of a bankrupt's stock, enabling the tradesman to sell a quantity of his own stock which it is de sirable to quit, it is a fact (well-known to busi ness men) that a higher price is frequently on fbi8 account than clean fresh goods might have been obtained fortothe sameamount m wholesale houses. John A. Northmore having availed himself of the overstocked state 0 T.- a ai13, vefy great advantages which the extent of his trade confers in en ablmg him to clear large parcels of goods, frequently at a heavy discount- from: ENGLISH invoice price, is prepared to submit to the public from £3,000 to £4,000 worth of goods, re cently purchased, cheaper than any bankrupt's stock sold in the colony for the iiAST seven TEARS. dc 