(From the Xutal Metcury. Feb. 25.) A small piece of quartz from the Tatin, which to tho naked eye presented not the slightest auriferous indication, has been assayed, and gave at tho rate of nearly an ounce of gold to the ton. '. The Search for Gold. — The following is the report of Mr. Parsons on the operations in the county of Alexandra : — ' Pietortnavitz burg, February 17, 1869. Sir,— I have the honour to send you a report of the operations undertaken by me in soarch of gold in Alex andra country. As you are aware, tho first speck of gold was found in one of the gravel, bars of the Umtwalumi. Finding these bai'S did not contain the precious uietal in remuner ative quantities, and from the fact of the gold being waterworn, light, and only foundon the surface,- I, concluded that it must have been broughfc'twtvn from some older deposit that the river had recently invaded. ' This conclusion was borne out- by my finding in the Little Umgoni (a tributary of the Umt. w'alumi) an old auriforous 'deposit of boulders and gravel, consisting1 of quartz, granite, and porphyry, cemented with iron-rust/ It was at tho bend of tho river I first tried tho wash,: and obtained gold in small quantity. I then triod farther down the flat, and got a ' pros pect' sufficient to induce mo to bring water for two milos, with' the intention of working the deposit. In this a Californian miner, of many years' mining experience, fully con-, curred, knowing that if we . made it pay but little, it would be quite sufficient to cause the country to be extensively prospected. In two months the ditch was finished, and I then found the place that, promised so well was only a small patch the tunnel had cut through ? 30, finding* tho gravel around would not pay more than Is. a day, I deserted it. Thinking: thore might be an inner lead, I had shafts sunk a few yards apart, cutting the flat at right angles with the river, but did not find the gold in groator quantity. I afterwards sank a shaft iu a small gully about two miles higher up the rivor, where, from a hole in bed-rock, containing about half a bucketful of gravel and mud, I obtained two grains weight of* gold. I then tried the hill above tho gully, and after sinking about three feet through soil and sand, I found a hard iron cement containing angular pieces of quartz ; in this I at once got the colour, but, below, although there was a bed of very wator-worn quartz pebbles, I could not obtain a spook of gold. The last thing I did was; to trace the gold inland as far as the source of the Umzumbi, perhaps forty miles from the sea, I could always find ,$}e cojojir,-but in every case the gold . continuecltto present a' water-worn appearance. The geological for mation is essentially primitive ; all the mota morphio rocks (especially slate) being found flanking tho main grauito range, then rocks on tho coast side are broken through, and mingled iu a very confusing1 manner,, by a quartzoso granite inclining to gneiss, which, in a decomposed state forms tlje bed-i'ook 'on which the auriforous gravel is found. There is every probability of. gold being found in paying quantity, for not only is the geological ibrmatiou identical with the auriferous regions V'. of Brazil, but Mr. Sutherland (lately arrived jn the Bella Rose), a miner of nineteen years experience in California and Australia, in formed me he has worked, with good results, on the same granite as that described by mo to him, in Nevada county (California), ; the Braidwood district (Now South Wales), and the Ovens district (Victoria). I met mauy of the nowly-arrivod diggers in Durban, and from the specimens seen, and the description I gave them of the country, they were unani mous in their opinioil that it was most pror; bablo gold would eventually be discovered there in payable quantity.— I have, &c;, Geo, Robt. Parsons. Hon. T. Shepstone, Esq., Secretary for Native Affairs, Pietennaritz burg.' ? .- '?'?? (From the Mount Alexander Mail, April 15.) . A correspondent, who lately left this dis trict for the new Africangold. field, writes, ;— ?? ! ''I Natal, December 16, .1868. I arrived here on the 1 2th inst. At Mauri tius three of our party were laid up with the fever. I fortunately escaped. We were de. tained a- few days in consequence, but it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that nearly all the reports we had hoard regarding the gold fields were lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by fourteen men for twelve months, during which time ,they have only knocked out 3oz. of gold. Distance certainly lends enchantment to the view, for few here appear to know anything about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been the cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz from which he said ho could get GOoz, to. the ton, which I am sure would not produce a penny weight.* I think the fellow mrist be cracked, for he allowed us to. try1 a prospect of ' them, and after pounding and washing a dishful of the most likely-looking stone we failed to discover the ghost of a speck, nor could we find the colour on any of the lot he ;had. If ever a fellow deserved Lynching he cer7 (.ainly does, and I should not mind making one to do it. Most people are of .the opinion that , the two specimens that were sent home came first' from Aus tralia; at any rate, nothing like them hus ever been found here before or since. I had some conversation with a German banker, who told mo that an English prospecting party, formed on the strength of the afore said specimens, was expected to arrive in the course of a few days, so I have decided on ? waiting their arrival. The diggings are no end of distance up country — quite a Bruke and Wills affair. No provisions for the last 400 miles. No chance of swagging it here. It will cost £40 per man for the purchase; of waggon, bullocks, provisions, &c.;, consequently we have thought it advisable to hold on a week till the prospectors make their appear ance, and then try and join them. In for a penny in for a pound ; we are come so far and are bent on seeing a little of the country, but whatever you do stay where you are till you hear from me again. Do all you can to pre vent Victorians coming over.' You could not get anyone to leave Natal for the diggings if you- paid them. I hear there are some old Otago diggers here, bnt I have not been able to drop in 'with them. Again I say, stay where you are. You remember Mount Hope rush, or Mount Hoax, as it wascallcd. There is a good deal of ' ditto' about this affair, something1 not quite ' tho pnre.merino.' By the way, I tried to get a job at my trade to pass time, but 'it wouldn't wash.' The Kaffirs work for next to nothing, 12s. per month, and two feeds of sweet potatoes per day ; and, as for living bein-r so very cheap, you can live as cheaply in Victoria as here. Fruit is about the only cheap thing I have seen as yet — 3d. for thirty peaches, and the samo amount for ten melons . . . I*will write as aoon as ever I can get a chanco of doing so. I wish I was. back at Guildford again ; catch me coming on a wild-goose chase again, that's all. Spring Creek.— The 'Daylosford Mercury' says — ' A resident who has just returued from Spring Creek rush, reports an extra ordinary 'decline in the population.-;., He believes the number of persons now, on the ground is nearer 5,000 than 15,000, and . that the late exodus is attributable, to the poverty, of the ground, rather than to want of water. After trying his fortune for three months at the rush he abandoned the place in despair.' Marybqbough Mining Boabd. — Mr. Warden Carr and Hoskins, in the Wardeu'd Court* Avoca, have been, severely criticising the regulations of the Maryborough ; Mining Board.. Mr. Hoskins is reported in. the ' Talbot Leader ' to havesaid ' that the marked pbvortywhich struck tho observer at a glance on getting into the Maryborough from any of the other mining districts was altogether owing to the illiberally of its mining board, in not permitting .. the miners to occupy ground to such an extent as would encourage the introduction of capital. : On one side of a range, in one district, a miner was entitled to hold thirteen acres, while here he was only allowed to hold. two. The consequence of such pernicious .legislation was decaying townships and a poverty-stricken population.' ItfGLEwooD.— The brothers Hoare, the lucky possessors of a half of the 561b. nugget, found at the rush a week or two backj oaine, into Inglewood. on the 31st ult. with two nuggets, weighing together 100 o^, taken from a claim which they also possess, near to that from which the large. nugget^ was taken; The 'Advertiser' hopefully 'observes that ' heavy rains have fallen, and the miners of Berlin are at last provided with a full supply of water. This will enable them to test their wash dirt by washing, which they havo not yet been able to do- and it is expected that the field will prove as valuable in the matter of fine efola as it has already done in nuggets.' '?'''..... ' ' ? Our rpadors are aware (says tho 'Bathurst Free Press'), that .there has latorly boon. con;, sidorable aotivity manifested amongst .the diggers at Tambaroora, and that some of the diggers on tbo old apofc have boeu successful in bringing to grass large quantities of, pay able gold-bearing quartz. We have receivod a communication, dated 8th April) stating that ' the breaking up of the drought has' enabled the Victoria Quartz Grushiug Com pany to Resume working, after' a protraotod stillness of two months. The result of the first week's crushing amounts to not less than 822 ozs. of gold out of five small lots of quartz— in all, 39 tonsi' 