WRECKS AND MISSING VESSELS. It is to be feared that the list of casualties already reported from the effects of the late gale will still be supplemented (says the S. M. Herald of May 12), inasmuch as the following vessels known to be at sea have not yet been reported,—Louis and Miriam, Yarra, Secret, Rebecca, Martha, Gleaner, Oriti. They were all from Newcastle, and bound for Sydney. There can be no doubt but that the schooner Nancy has been lost, with all hands, a portion of her hull having been washed up on the New castle beach. She is insured in Messrs. Met calfe's office for £500. She was a vessel of 74 tons register, and had on board the following crew:—M. M'Gee, master; J. Farquhar, mate ; E. Fletcher, T. E. Brown, C. Wilson, and H. Warrell, seamen. The Don Juan, schooner, 110 tons, also lost, had on board as crew, Cap tain Ross; Mr. Lamont, chief officer; and J. Skinner, J. Truman, J. Williams, and J. Coyle, ' seamen. She is insured in the Sydney Marine Office for £750, —£350 being re-insured. The Eagleton—a fine new schooner, also lost, with all hands—is insured in the General for £400. and Messrs. Metcalfe's for £600. Her crew consisted of Captain D. Hannel; T. Tralevan, mate, and J. Burton, T. Royal, S. Johnson, A. Robinson, seamen. She was owned by Mr. R. Drysdale, of thfl city: The schooner Brittannia, also wrecked, but without loss of life, was the property of Mrs. Ure, and is insured for £1000 in the Bydney Marine Office, one-half being re insured. The following extracts respecting the recent wrecks are taken from the Newcastle Chronicle of May 13:—The greater portion of the wreck of the Jessie was washed ashore during Monday, and wa* sold by auction on Tuesday morning for £4 10s., the brothers Trelevan being the purchasers. The purchasers proceeded to Stock ton immediately after the sale for the purpose of securing their property. The stern of the Jessie is lying about two miles from the northern breakwater; the mainmast and other portions of the wreck are lying on the beach about a mile further down in the bight The low of the Don Juan still wants confirmation, although but little doubt exists at to her fate. The crew of the Britannia appear pretty sure 4h*t the vessel they saw go down was the Don Juan, but they are by no means positive, and it is just possible, though not probable, they may have been mistaken.—The fate of the Oriti is also uncertain, nothing having oome ashore to lead to the vessel's identification. A report was current on Tuesday that one of her stem boards with the name on it had been picked up on the North Bh"re Beach but the report, we are in a position to say, waj wholly without foundation. As mentioned before by us, a figure head, supposed to be the Oriti' §, was picked op on Sunday, but as the figureheads of many vessels present a similar appearance, this is no conclusive proof that the Oriti was lost. Far more significant is the fact that several portions of a female's apparel hare been picked up on the North Bhore Beach, and unless it can be shown that some of the masters of other vessels had- their wives on board, this would seem to furnish abundant proof that the Oriti had been lost.—The Britannia is high and dry on the beach, about a mile on the Newcastle side of Hannah Bay rocks, and has- 20,000 feet of timber from the Myall on board. Her masts and everything are in her, and hopes are enter tained that she may yet be got off. That, how ever, is very questionable, as we hear she is embedded in the sand to the depth of five feet. Before beaching her, the pumps were sounded, and the vessel was found to be making water. A report was current yesterday, that certain articles had been found on the North Shore Beach which strongly denoted the loss of some large ship in the vicinity of the Bight. The report, it appears, has been made on the strength of the finding of a chart, a foreign flag, and some large doors, similar to what are found in the cabins of vessels of several hun dred tons burden. One No. 9 flag, picked up on the beach, was marked in the corner " ornby"—some capital letter preceding the O being undecipherable. Whether these reasens are sufficient to build up the hypothesis of a large ship being lost, our readers will judge for themselves; in our opinion they are not. A movement has been commenced by a number of the friends of the Rev. James Taylor (says the Argus), late minister of the Baptist Church, Collins-street, to replace him in the position of pastor of a church in Melbourne, and on Friday night, a meeting, consisting of about 100 ladies and gentlemen, was held at the school-room of the Baptist Chapel, Gore street, to take steps to carry that desire into effect. Mr. W. E. Scott, who had convened the meeting, acted as chairman, and stated what it was proposed to do. This was, shortly, to form a congregation separate from that of the Collins-street one, and to take the Tempesance Hall, or Polytechnic Hall, and commence ser vice on Sunday next. It was suggested that the church thus formed should be called " The Free Christian Church." A committee of thirteen gentlemen was formed, and a resolu tion, expressing the desire of the meeting that Mr. Taylor should be petitioned to commence preaching was carried without any opposition. It appeared, from what was said, that Mr. Taylor would be quite ready to accept the invi tation given to him. Thb Wanganui Chronicle makes the following remarks on the subject of "Maori heads":— " Thus wrote Colonel Whitmore to the Defence Minister, after he had paid £50 for the head of Nikora, over which he said Nikora's wife wept bitterly. It now appears that Nikora, so far from being killed, was not even wounded, and that according to latest advices, he is actively engaged as Te Kooti's fighting general. Ran giaho is also in the land of the living, and with out wound or scratch actively engaged against us. Te Kooti's wounds also turn out a myth, and ins teal of ' every man of note being killed,' the £60 paid for a head said to be that of Ni kora has been paid for a head foisted upon Colonel Whitmore as that of the fighting chief, which is still fixed upon his shoulders. Thus much for ' heads,' but still we indulge the hope that the three brought in by Kemp and his men are those of the chiefs mentioned, and that unlike those of Nikora and Rangiaho, their ghosts will not again arise to laugh at our beards, and defiantly whirl the tomahawk in the fas— ef the affrightsd-scttlsre. As a general rule something like an inquest should be held upon heads for which a price is offered, that no spurious articles may be pawned off upon the Colonial Treasury chest at £50 a piece, while they are intrinsically worth no more than the powder and ball expended upon them. We believe it has been shown that considerably over a ton weight of ammunition has been expended for every Maori shot during the last six or seven years. The cost per head at that rate is very considerable, and before we pay from £50 to £1000 for heads we should adopt measures to ascertain that the article paid for is genuine and not spurious. In fact there is .considerable danger of a trade in the sale to Government of spurious heads springing up that will cast in the shade all the quack medicines that flourish in the columns of newspapers throughout every part of the civilised world. We do not object .to the ' reward,' even from J6O to £1000 or up wards, but let us have the genuine article as * value received' for our hard cash, and no one will complain, or say that the price is exorbi tant." An insolvent named James Hassett, who was under examination lately by the attorney for the Official Assignee at the Insolvent Court, Geelong, was very unwilling to give straight forward evidence. He farmed a piece of land at Byaduck, near Hamilton, before he filed his schedule, and the examination was to elicit from him what property he possessed at the time he gave up the farm. In answer to a question as to what wheat he had, he said, " Oh, just a trifle." This trifle was after wards elicited to be some six or seven hundred bushels. He also said that he might have had two or three bags of oats, but on further ' pressure he increased the number to four or five bags. This not satisfying the attorney, he was compelled to admit that there were seven ' or eight bags of oats. The insolvent through i out the examination was as evasive in all his replies. He first said he had no other pro perty 4mfc the wheat wad the oats, and subse qoefitly, after severe questioning, allowed that he had two cows and two calves. " Nothing else ?" asked Mr. Hanrood. " Oh, indeed, sir, nothing else," replied the insolvent. " Are you quite sure of that ?" queried Mr. Harwood. "Oh, quite sir; quite sure, indeed." "No pigs ?" proceeded the determined adviser of the Official Assignee. " No, sir, no pigs," replied Hassett. « What, none at all ?" was the next question. " WeU, there might have been two or three little ones," was the answer. At first he denied having any potatoes, but afterwards admitted that there were a few bags of this esculent, besides about half an acre in the ground. The Commissioner must hare been in a forgiving temper not to have exercised his power to commit for prevarication.— Oeelong Advertiser. Thb Stockport Advertiser, of February 19, contains a report of a large social meeting of members of the M.U.1.0. of Oddfellows, at Heaton Norris, near Btockport, on the occasion of presenting a testimonial to Mr. Jonathan Hobson, for long and faithful service as book keeper of the lodge held in that district. Mr. Councillor Hickton, in responding to the toast, " The Grand Master, the Board of Directors, and the Manchester Unity," gave the following interesting statistics of the present position of the order. He said at the close of 1867 the total number of members was 417,422, and during 1868 there were 28,484 initiator is; the number of deaths being 5170. At the close of 1868 the number of members was 426,095, or an increase of nearly 8000. The number who had left, or were out of benefit by being more than three months in arrears with their pay ments was 15,644. The capital at the close of 1867 was £2,626,864 7s. Bd., being an increase upon the preceding year of £172,871145. 2d., and the interest upon the same amounted *o £85,350 14s. sd. The returns for 1868 would be not completed until March. As one of the trustees he could say that the funds were safely invested, and he only hoped the order would continue to prosper as it had hitherto done." We understand that in this colony there are already twelve lodges belonging to this order, all of which are in a flourishing condition. 