ADELAIDE. ine uv urn in eu t acnooner -numera nu been deinatched in search of the tueck off Cape Northum .luland. ThB Jockey Club Ii dissolved. At a meeting held,last nrjht the debt was reduced to £300. It ia rumoured that there will probably be a split in the Ministry before the meeting of Parliament. Some of the Treasurer's confluents propose that he should miga. A mnrderooB aisault ha9 been committed at the Suioua diggings upon a pol:ce trooper, while execu- ting a warrant. . Tkere^-nnv^arne in breads tofft. WORDS OP CimoM.-The Thama Advtrtittr say*.. -"In referring to the great excitement and speculation which at present exist m Auckland with respect to aliares ia claims on this gold-Cold, it ia moro necessary for u hare been such that the Boberast heada aro apt to he tamed ty QM immense wealth gained by those who pmehiucd shares only a few months ago at trifling somj. we coed only refer to oar battery retama for some time past, in been opened ont, and we fully expect that many of these wQl yet rank ea high as those now famous. But, notwith- standing thb, wo. would rather seo a quiet and Btc&dy-; progrese-the country berne; opened up, tho tramway nod other works being pushed forward, and machinery being erected-than tho exciting gambling In scrip that ia now going on in Auckland, which «ill tend,-if owned too far, to do harm to tho field. And wo mast confess that wo look with aome alarm ot . what is going"*n, and what seems to be coming. In aome of tho dalma now aellmg at high prices scarcely any work haa teen done, the ideas ai to thou- valno being derived from, iheir "proximity to claims that have attained a nemo. Now, wo know almost nothing of tho leads of gold, and are lat justified in azsuiniBg that in oven tho most favourably eitnsted apots masses of gold will be got We can safely cay for ourselves thar, although aa it wore identified with tho field, we have not hitherto exaggerated or overstated tho facts which show forth ita wonderful and unparnUelcd wealth, but have always tried to keep on the safe sido, TnxpznANCB-HAXI> COXCBRTB.-Tho attractivoneea of these musical entertainments waa again exemplified in the crowded atato ol the hall on Saturday evening, not only evoty scat but every corner where there was standing room teing occupied. Tho principal singers wore-Misa Jamas, Sirs. Jackton, Mías Wiseman, and Miss Martin, Mr. Andrew Fairfax, and Mr. G. F. Jaekson. In addition, to these. Mr. A. Cameron and Mr. Sinclair appeared a« re- el tera. The selections set down In the programme woro mostly* of tho class koowa aa popainr ramie, hat amens them were interspersed some of tho eompwilieai of great muten- Mendelssohn, Rojslni, tc. Bach section of tho concert was opened with a quar- tette, in which, Mrs. G. F. Jackson, Mist James, and Mesara. Fairfax and Jackson took pvt. The other concerted pieces were the ducts " Wo come to thee. Savoy," Bliss James sustaining tho soprano and MISJ Martin tho contralto parta ; ".O'er the Hawthorn Hedge,", in whloh Miss Martin waa joined by Miss Wiseman; " Sister's .Berum " by tho samo ; " Down by the Avon's Sowing .stream," sung br Miss James and Mr. Fairfax ; Bwjlnf s <(Miro-la Bidura," bj Mr. and Mrs. Jeokson,ena the comic 4uo, riven with considerable humour by MlaaWiwrnan and Mr. G. BuneU, entitled " The Joya of Matrimony'" Mr. Fairfax was vigorously encored In Arditt's song. " Tho Stirrup Cup," and, on his recall, he substituted " NU Desperandum." Miss Wiseman elicited a similar oamplimentby e. graceful production of Tonnysoa/e song «The May Queen." She also sing Tallamau'e Semd, " I arise from dreams of thee." Thc eoloi falltn. _her vocalisation, and tho pretty little Ming « eastlea In the Air." Mr. Jackson, whose voice appeared by occasional huskiness to be enacted by-tho weather, nevertheless eáng Benedict's beiutiful ballad "Eily Mavourneen" with e. good deal of the charm- ing effect tho - composition will sustain. Mri. ^Jackson ' waa , in excellent voiee, and _ did ample justice to the iwo ino ballads aasigSed "to'her^-Mac zsmn'a " The Beating of My ¿Own Heart," nod, Claribel's "Como took to Erin.'* V-The Ghost" wasj by request, given by Mr. G. Bussell, and its reproduction voa seam received with vociferous applause ; in fact, so acceptable did it seem, that the concert hall is likely t? he hsanted with it for como timo to come. The reit of the humorous portion of tho entwtoinment consisted of the wdtstioas, "I want io fly." " The Bashful Man, given by Mr. Cameron," and "Which died first?" and "The Shakes," by Mr. Sinclair, who also recited " The Field of Watirioo/'from "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage." Mrs. Caldwell played tho pleno for tho aoeompanymonta to tho Tocal music, and, by her care and taite, contributed in no Bull degree to the good effi at of the Binging. Mr. W. ht. Alderton was the president of the evening, and, with proper cicmaidtïeiion, havinj n regard to the lengthy pro- gramme, appeared to discountenance the frequent calls fer the large hall of tho School of Arts waa agnin crowded. Th» Bon. 8. Samuel, Kolonial Treasurer, occupied the cuir.- The entertainment waa as oxceUent as the formar ene, and Ita promotora well deserved the support which ÜBT received from the public* The first portion of tho programma waa devoted to muslo of tho olden time, and cen stated principally of madrigals end ballads, most of which Vero tung very effectively and elicited an immense ami 1 cf applause from the audience. The madrigal "Sown - flowery vale/' and the fine old English barder song "The Blue Bells of Scotland," were especially well sung bj the choir. In the second part the choir saner, equally well, the "Miserere" (aol! and chorus), from HTrovatore. Oía Ttry pleasing feature of the ovenlng was-tho playing of dnefa.by two little boya, on the pianoforte, They played nuikabfy well, and the time they kept waa almost fault lesa. Mia. Coroner sang, with much sweetness and taste, tro or three songs, for which sho was loudly applauded and tuned ; Mies Clara Lea and Misa Higgins,-both of whom psesea good voices and sing VBTyj»casii«ly,'wero also neared after each of their songs. Messrs. Skinner. Kean, vorener, Gooch, and a gentleman amateur formed part of {ie company, and delighted the audience with their render- ing of soma aongs and ballads ; and Mr. H. Driver gava two or three recitations. Tho entertainment waa concluded BJ the company singing tba National Anthem« MADAMS flonizn'a WÁX-WORXB.-That large and Jyied- collection of wax-work figuras, the size of life ItmíHeiT known to the people of Sydney as "Madamo Sohier*! Wax-worka," at W, Fitt-atreet-haa agate been laopened to the public, and on Saturday evening hut «traded crowds af admiring visitors. The colleotton ts one in which aro to be found " tho conn teri oit preaent jnenU" d parsons who have occupied a prominent placo B history, or common notoriety, by their rank, their ptees, their taiinfT, or their deeds of blood-to that tho astea of all can be'grafifled who may visit the eoltootien. werai superb new figures have recently been added, amongst *hichj*j a fine study of the mnch regretted G. V. Brooke, "Vu-riama." Near it, in the lower rooma, are two eyeful figure», representing Adelaide and Charlotte Patti, "wuta, whoae names now stand BO high in the musical "world.. Numerous additional figures ara In active course of preparation, amongst which are, it Ia understood, life-like Kpieienutfone' of tho Duke of Wellington, Lord Clyde, «nd others. The rooms upstairs sro mainly devoted to the ?PpslHag forms "of those who, In Australia and'New Zaa ¡ttdphave rignaliaad thanaselvej in the annals of crime, "ot the ledat remarkable of these are the "Clarkes, Morgan, Boatt, and tho four New Zealand murderers-all of whom 'MTB paid the penalty of their headlong career of crime?. 