the novelist. by order of the kino* A Romance of Engiish Hisiour. Br Victob Huao. book: the first. Night hot so Black as Man. Chapter iii. alone. The child remained motionless on the rook, ■with bis eyes fixed; no calling out; no appeal* Although it was unexpected, he spoke not a •word. The same silence reigned in the vessel. .Ho crv from the child to the men—no fare* well from the men to the child. There wis ■on both sides a mute acceptance of the widen ing distance between them. It was like a separation from ghosts on the banks of the Styx. The child, as if nailed to the rock, which the high tide began to bathe, watched the departing barque. It seemed as if he realised hiB position. What did he realise?—the ParknesB. A moment later, the hooker gained the strait -outside the creek and entered it. Against the •clear sky the masthead was visible rising above •the split blocks between whioh the strait wound as between two walls. The truck wandered to the summit of the rooks and ap peared to run into them. Then it was seen no more—all was over—the barque had gained •the sea. The child watched its disappearance—he wbb astounded but dreamy. His stupefaction was complicated by a sense of the dark reality ■of existence. It seemed as if there were ex perience in this dawn of being. Did he, per •chance, already exercise judgment ? Experi ence coming too early constructs, sometimes, ■in the obscure depths of a child's mind, some -dangerous balance—we know not what—on which these poor little souls weigh God. Feeling himself innocent, he yielded. There •was no complaint—the irreproachable does not reproach. Their rough expulsion of him drew from ■him no sign—he suffered a sort of internal -stiffening. The child did not bow under this sudden blow of fate, which seemed to put an -end to his existence ere it had well begun; he received the thunderstroke standing. It would have been evident to anyone who ■could have seeh his astonishment unmixed with dejection, that, in the group whioh aban doned him, there was nothing which loved him, nothing which he loved. Brooding, he forgot the cold. ° Suddenly the wave wetted his feet—the tide was rising; a gust passed through his hair—the north wind was rising. He shivered. There came over him, from head to-foot, a shudder of awaken ing. He cast his eyes about him. He was alone. Up to this day there had never existed for "him any other men than those who were at that moment in the hooker. Those men had just stolen away. Let us add what seems a strange thing to ■state. These men, the only ones he knew, were unknown to him. He could not have said who these men were. His childhood had been passed among ■them, without his having the consciousness of being of them. He was in juxta-position to ■them, nothing more. He had just been—forgotten—by them. He had no money about him, no shoes to his feet, scarcely a garment to his body, not «ven a piece of bread in his pocket. It was winter—it was night. It would be ■necessary to walk several leagues before a human habitation oould be reached. He did not know where he was. He knew nothing, unless it was that those who bad come with him to the brink of the <sea had gone away without him.' He felt "himself pnt outside the pale of life He felt that man failed him. He was ten years old. The child was in a desert, between depths* where he saw the night rise, and depths whsre lie heard the waves murmur. He stretched his little thin arms and yawned. Then, suddenly, as one who makes up his snind, bold, and throwing off his numbness— with the agility of a squirrel—or perhaps of ! •an acrobat—he turned his back on the oreek, and set himself to olimb straight up the diff •He esoaladed the path, left it, returned to it, <juick and venturous. He was hurrying land ward; just as though he had a destination marked out | nevertheless, he was going no where. He hastened without an objeot—a fugitive4 before Fate. To oiimb b the fanotion of a man; to i «bmber is that of an animal—he did both. ®ie slopes of Portland faring southward, «>«® was soaroely any snow on the path) the MwtotodurtW **** howa"r' ^The chad got free of it. Hb sun's. jeoheC whioh was too big for him, complicated matters, and gpt in hb way. Now and then he encountered" on an overhanging orsg or fnja * littte ioe, w1|l& hifoJb M some moment would off "By Order of it jproprietoisof "It on a vein of elate, which suddenly gave way under him, letting him down with it. Thia crumbling elate is treacherous. For eotne seconds the child slid like a tile on a roof; lie rolled to the extreme edge of the decline; a tuft of grass which he clutched at the right moment saved him. He was as mute in sight of the abyss as be bad been in sight of the men ; he gathered himself up and reascended silently. The slope was steep; bo he had to tack in ascending. The precipice grew in the darkness; thia vertical rbck had no endinjg. It receded before the child in the distance of its height. As the child ascended, so seemed the summit to ascend. While he clambered he looked up at the dark entablature placed like a barrier be tween heaven and him. At last he reached the top. He jumped on the level ground, or rather landed, for he rose from the precipice. Scarcely wbb he on the top of the cliff than be began to shiver. He felt in his face that bite of the night, the north wind. The bitter north-wester was blowing; he tightened his rough sailor's jacket about his chest. It was a good coat, called in ship language a sou'-wester, because that sort of stuff allows little of the south-westerly rain to penetrate. The child, having gained the tableland, stopped, placed his Feet firmly on the frozen ground, and looked about him. Behind him vras the sea; in front was the land ; above the sky—but a sky without Btars; an opaque miBt masked the zenith. On reaching the summit of the rocky wall he found himself'turned towards the land, and regarded it attentively. It lay before him, as far as the sky-line, flat, frozen, and covered with snow. Some tufts of heather shivered in the wind. Ho roads were visible. Nothing, not even a shepherd's cot. Here and therei pale, spiral vortices might be seen, which were whirls of fine snow, snatched from the ground by the wind and blown away. Successive un dulations of ground becoming suddenly misty rolled themselves into the horizon. The great dull plains were lost under the white fog. Deep silence. It spread like infinity and was still as the tomb. The child again turned towards the sea. The sea, like the land, was white, the one with snow, the other with foam. There is no thing so melancholy as the light produced by this double whiteness. Certain lights of night are very clear cut in their hardness; the sea was like steel, the cliff like ebony. From the height where the child was, the Bay of Fort land appeared almost like a geographical map, pale in a semicircle of hills. There was some thing dream-like in that nocturnal landscape —a wan disk of waters belted by a dark crescent. The moon sometimes has a similar appearance. From cape to cape, along the whole coast, not a single spark indicating a hearth with a fire, not a lighted window, nor an inhabited house, was to be seen. As in heaven so on earth, no light.- Not a lamp below, not a star above. Here and there came sudden risings in the great expanse of waters in the gulf. The wind disarranged and wrinkled this vast sheet. The hooker was still visible in the bay as she fled. It was a black triangle gliding over the livid ligbt. Far away confusedly the waste of waters stirred in the ominous clear-obscure of immen sity. The Matutina was making quick way. She seemed to grow entailer every minute. Nothing appears so rapid as the flight of a vessel melting into the distance of ocean. ^ Suddenly she lit the lantern in her bow; Probably the darkness foiling round her made those dn board uneasy, and the pilot thought it necessary to throw light on the waves. This luminous point, a spark seen from afar, clung like a corpse light to the high and long black form. You would have said it was a shroud raised up and moving in the middle of the sea, under which some one wandered with a star in his band. A storm threatened in the air: the child took no account of it, but a sailor would have trembled. It was that moment of preliminary anxiety, when it seems as though the elements are changing into persons, and that one is about to witness the mysterious transfiguration of the wind into the windgod. The sea becomes Ooean: its power reveals itself as Will: that which one takes for a thing is a soul. It will become visible. Henoe it is terrible. The eoul of man fears to "be thus confronted with the aoul of nature. Chaos was about to appear. The wind roll ing back the fog, and making a stage of the clouds behind, set'the soene for that fearful drama of ware and winter whioh is called a Snowstorm. Vessels putting baok hove in , sight. For some minutes put the roads had j been no longer deserted. Every instant troubled harqnes hastening towards an anchor •go oppeared from behind the capes; some ' were doubling Portland Bin, the others St. Alban's Head.' Fromafor ships were running in. It was a race for refoge. Southwards the darkness thiokened, and clouds, toll of night, bordered op the sea. The weight of the tensest hanging over- ■ head made a dreary lull on the waves. It 1 bertainly was no time to sail; yet thehooker had sailed, She had made this south of the cape. Bhewu already put of the gulij and in the openeee; suddenly there name a 'gust, of wind. The klatuttna, whioh was stall dearly in sight, made all safl,as if resolved to profit < by the hnlrrinbe. It was . the nor'-wester," • ' wind sullen *nd angry. Its weight was felt ^instantly. The hooker, caught broadside on, daggered! but recovering, held her oourse to 'tea. This-indicated a flight rather than a voyage, less fear of eea than of land, and greater heed of pursuit from man than from wind. The hooker, passing through every degree of diminution, sank into the horizon. The little star which she carried into shadow paled. More and more the hooker became amalgamated with the night; then disappeared. This time for good and all. At least the child seemed to understand it so; he ceased to look at the sea. His eyes returned upon the plains, the wastes, the hills, towards the space where it might not be im possible to meet something living. Into this unknown he set out. 