LAMBTON. From our Own Correspondent. Since my last, wo havo had dill'eront sorts of wpathor, alternating from oold to tropical heat ; indoodr'tho last two days has boon exceedingly hot — so much so, that one or two cases of sun stroko ha3 takon plauo. 1 am sorry to havo to uunounco a very sorious accident to a respoctod member of our community, uamod John Hill. It appears that on last Sunday, as ho was return ing from Newcastle, somowhoro about Waratah, his liorso became unmanagabia, and he was violently thrown out of tho curt upon his head, and thpr'o are very gravo doubts whothor ho will got ovo'rit. Dr. Hill is doing all that modical skill can do for him. Tho Druids anniversary dinner and ball passed off with great eulat, and the 9th was spout' very agreeable to most of those who were bent on en joying themselves. I noticed, at an early hour, some betaking thomsolvea. to. Lake Macquario aud.Wallsond, as woll as tho racecourse at New castle Buildings aro going up as fast as evor. The School of Arts alterations aro about completed, which will make it a fine place for public meet ings, concerts, &c.;, front its enlargement. It will bo papablo of containing about four hundred persons'. Stoker's new place is ready for any who may think proper to use it, and a very tasty placo it is— stage and other necessary arrange ments being complete. Tho Presbyterians are about to open their now place of, worshjp, which is cortaiuly a credit to that body. I noticed Mr. Humphreys, thoir new minister, taking his rounds amongst tho pbopld, and from what I have soon and heard. re- specting that gentleman, he is likely to succeod here. Tho great topig amongst us is the forthcoming election; ; C'erfes thoro is no scarcity of repre sontativos for tho good peoplo of Northumber land, if all who are mentioned in your issue of to-day is going to stand. There is ono, however, upon whom you aro silont, and that is Mr. D, Buchanan, who is also likely to stand. A few days, -at moat, will toll whothor ho will ponsent to stated for this .electorate or not ; and mean while 1 would recommend my fellow-electors to bewaro how thoy make rash promises to those wlfo aro at proaout soliciting thoir votes, i say again, thero aro ten chances to quo that Mr. ,B.uohanan will stand, judging from a lottor which I had the pleasuro of reading to-day to [a party in the neighbourhood, Thoro is no electorate in tho colony that Mr. Buchanan would (Other stand for than this, bq follow-ejtotoi's. rosprvo your promises for a fow days, and roturn a member who will j))ako himself known in tho Houijo, and don't be qftct returning any Jack, ?Tom,, or Harry, who may havo the audacity to stick himself up as our representative. Mr.Shaw is very busy canvassing and getting up a committeo, but I doubt whether ho will get in. Mr. Ward is a t prcsont the man who is likely. to got }n, and if bq thp opposition will lose thoir hold, of .this county ulicjb, and servo thorn rjght for' not sending in tho right man I hear that tho Competitive Association is not likely to be vory succosBful, from tho fact, that noarly all the singers in the neighbouring town ships have, to uso a populur term jibbed upon it, and, aftor making a faint attempt at something, havo given up tho ghost. I can toll you that our Choral Union aro not going to bo bohind. 1 notice thoy are practicing every week, and I have boon conversing with sevoral of the mom bers, wbo say that thoy aro going to do thoir boat to win. I am sure it is a pity others do not take it up in tho same ways and then wo should have a pleasant day on tho 20th January, 1870, 1 ra tho, think tho secret of it ia, that thoy aro afraid to compete with tho Lambton men, and rather than be beat thoy will abandon the atl'air alto gether. Our new constable is not yot stationed amongst us, although mentioned Boino timo ago. Our coal trado is improving. Christmas ia drawing nigh, and all will, 1 hopo, go on ' merry as a marriago bell ' for tho noxt few weoks. 18th Novomber, 1809. 