|sVl4BMipAIjE BOEOUGH COUNCIL. I AT the meeting' oirTS6hday~evfenin£, all were present hut, ft Merman Trim. 'The Clerk read a copy of.a letter to the Colonial Se cretary on the fey lews for the reserves question. Also a report from Mr S. Beekingham, stating that the race course fence was not being erected according to the specification. I The Mayor reproved the Clerk for issuing sum monses for that meeting to Aldermen on Sunday afternoon. The Cleric explained that the notice was much the moBt lengthy one be yet had to give, and he found it impossible to complete the requisite num ber of copies on Saturday. Alderman Pilclier pointed out that "adjourned" business need not be repeated in notices of meetings; the new notices could be spe cified after a remark on the adjourned business; and tho Mayor agreed with him. The Clerk said he was of like opinion, but he had giyen all to facilitate business. After some discussion, a Finance Committee for the current municipal year was formed, consisting of [the Mayor and Aldermen Fitzgerald, Salmon, and I Pilclicr; and an Improvement Committee, compris ling Alderman Tysoe, Trim, Butler, Oliver, SalmoiL j and Naughtcn. The Finance Committee was requested to dra»-iij» the usual yearly estimato of probable income anatex penditure. v On the motion of Alderman Pilcher, seconded by Alderman Salmon, a Committee, comprising the Mayor and Aldermen Fitzgerald, Trim, Salmon, Oliver, and Pilcher, was appointed to report upon .whether the present system of keeping the Council's accounts could not be improved. On the motion of Alderman Pilcher, seconded by Alderman Salmon, a Committee was appointed to -re port upon the best means of obtaining the transfer of the School of Arts' building and land to the Council such Committee to consist of the Mayor and Alder men Fitzgerald, Tysoe, Oliver, Salmon, and Pilcher. Dissentient, Alderman Oliver. Aldennan Pilchcr was re-clogted. unanimously, Trraami Tor tiiC current municipal year. On tho motion of Aldorman Fitzgerald, seconded by Alderman Butler, the following By Laws' Com mittee was unanimously appointed:-The Mayor and Aldermen Pilchcr, Butler, Tysoo, and Fitz gerald. A number of motions for grants of money were withdrawn till a subsequent meeting, on Alderman Fitzgerald pointing out that the estimate of probable income and expenditure must be drawn up pre viously. The Council then went into committee of the whole, to consider the letter from the Secretaiy of tho Jockey Club mentioned last week, and also there port from Mr. Beckingham on the race course fencing. A decision on the letter from the Jockey Club was postponed till next meeting ; and it was intimated that on the production of a certificate from the Ovor Beer that the work was properly done the contractor for the race course fence would be paid in accordance with the agreement. The Council adjourned till Tuesday ovening nest. I A fow days ago a Mr. Bennett, who resides at (Green Valley, near Armidale, had the wheel of a dray J go over his ankle, but fortunately the bone was not tbroken. ? On a windy day recently a son of Mr. Brindle's was ? stopping a gate from going to, but it came with such \ force against liim as to bend the bones of his arm, though not break them. f The bazaar m aid ol" tho Wcsleyan parsonage was 're-opencd, in a tent near the Church, on Wednesday last, and continued on Thursday. _ The schedule of prizes of the Clarence Kiver Pas toral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Association, for the exhibition to come off on the 17th and 18th March, appears in last Tuesday's Grafton * Examiner.' Tho list is a large one, and seems well arranged All the prizes are money ones, and range from £5 to 5s. Tho balance to credit of the Association the other day was £40 0s. 10d. In the Supreme Court, Brisbane, before tho Chief Justice, in Chambers, on Friday week, in the matter of the will of Hugh Dougharfcy, late of Maryland, in the colony of New South Wales, but formerly of War wick, Queensland, settler, Mr. May, from Mr. Mur phy's office, applied for probate on behalf of Edward Baker, of Armidale, New South Wales, the sole exe cutor named in tho will. The goods were sworn under the value of £200. Ordered to stand over for furtiior identification of the executor. We have received a number of a new publication in 'Sydney termed 'The Ghost.' The whole of its con tents seem to be specially levelled at the Ministers and their friends. Wit is displayed, but some of the attacks are too personal, and introduce matters which would be far betterjomitted^especially those referring to Catholic pasters and laymen. Tho illustration is exceedingly good, and worthy of a London publica tion.^ It represents a scene from Shakespeare's " Much Ado About Nothing," the characters being filled up by Lord Belmore and Messrs. John Robert son, M'Lerie, Fosbeny, Parkes, Dalley, and Mac leay. The likenesses arc excellent. The dates lately published for the Grafton Quarter Sessions have been altered to Monday, 3rd May; Monday, 16th August; and Monday, 13th December 1869. 