SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST ASSOCIA- TION. The meetings of this Association were continued on Wednesday morning, October 20, when the proceedings were initiated by a prayer meeting largelv attended in the schoolroom. The Rev. H. J. Lambert presided, and prayer was offered by the Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, Messrs. T. Barnes, of Magill, and W. Barker, of Mount Barker. Rev. J. Lyall, President of the Evan- gelical Alliance, the Rev. E. P. Kingdon, lately arrived from England, and formerly a missionary in China, and the Chairman. The Chairman for the past year (Mr. Lambert) then commenced the formal business by vacating the chair, and introducing the Rev. J. L. Parsons as his successor, remarking that his position had been a very happy and honourable one. The Committee by their devoted labours and loving sympathy had made it light work, and in intro- ducing his successor he was sure he would receive at their hands the same support and earnest co-operation. The Chairman Elect then delivered the follow- ing address:— 'Fathers and Brethren— I occupy this chair to-day because I have been invited to do so by the Executive of the Association. I do not think the best possible choice has been made; but I have accepted the position, and shall not therefore indulge in self-laudation under the mask of professions of unfitness. So, with the brief preface that I trust our meetings this year may be devout in tone, practical in character, and stimulating in their effects, I shall at once proceed with my address, the subject of which is— 'Some of the minor hindrances to the progress of Chris- tianity.' I have chosen the minor rather than the major hindrances from the conviction that, being more numerous, frequently overlooked, and generally regarded as insignificant, they are really the more important. Idolatry, Atheism, Popery, Superstition, Rationalism, Unbelief, Hypocrisy, are not easily missed as obstacles to the progress of the Gospel, and they are often made themes for earnest counsel and warning. But the lesser hin- drances, though a great army, are disregarded and unmentioned. I quietly assume that the Gospel can be hindered. I shall not even skirmish in the old theologic battle-ground, where the champions of Divine Sovereignty and of Human Free- Will have waged their bitter warfare. The Apostle Paul's authority justifies the assumption. He gave up privileges and endured the loss of all things 'lest he should hinder the Gospel of Christ.' If he could hinder the Gospel, it can be hindered by us. If he denied himself lawful rights and made sacrifices to avoid hindering the Gospel, we should do the same. We are exposed to the same danger and are bound by the same obligation. As a matter of fact the Gospel is hindered by us all. We look upon the effects of our consistency, prayers, and efforts, and say. ' We have helped the Gospel. If we could estimate the effects of our inconsistencies, unbelief, and indolence we should say, ' We have hindered the Gospel' — the difference between what we might be and might have done, aud what we are and have accomplished, being the extent to which we have impeded the work of sanctitication in our own souls and the kingdom of Christ in the world. Some of these hindrances are placed in the way of the Gospel by its ministers. For the sake of disarming criticism, as well as for convenience of arrangement, I shall begin with them. The Sepa- rateness, the distinction of order, which ministers often assume and maintain belongs to this class. Let no one for a moment suppose that I am a Plymouthist. I recognise, and, at fitting times, magnify mine office as of divine appointment and an integral part of the Christian system. The separateness to which I refer is a whisper of priestliness— a faint echo of apostolic successionism, an attempt to keep up, as vital, the distinction between the clericus and the laicus. Of course the nature of the minister's duties invests him is to be esteemed very highly in love for his work's sake. But there can be no doubt he loses influence just in the proportion that he removes himself from the sphere of common life. If he hedge himself about with reserve, his experiences are supposed to be exceptional. If he claim or affect to be distinct from or superior to other Christians on account of his office, he is thought to revolve in an orbit of his own. He becomes, in fact, an official. He is a functionary who prays, preaches, administers ordinances, buries, and marries; but he is not felt to be a brother exposed to the same temptations and sorrows as the humblest of his hearers. A certain degree of isolation is forced upon ministers. There are many Protestants who regard their minister very much as the Papist regards his priest —and pastor as well as presbyter may be but old priest writ large There are over-reverential people who will persist in losing sight of the man in the office. But often ministers cultivate a distinctive superiority as a safeguard and a source of autho- rity. A good brother belonging to another deno- mination, for whom I was once going to preach, urged me to wear his gown, giving as his reason, ' You know we can't afford to despise these things. This is a levelling age, and they keep up our posi- tion.' I told him at the time I thought it was a mistake. I think it a mistake now. Our office is spiritual, our work is spiritual, our authority is spiritual. We are not priests in any other sense than that in which all believers are priests. We claim no sacramental authority. We have not even the figment of ordination at the hands of a man who thinks he has by direct transmission from the Apostles some occult authority forsaying, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands.' That is an imposition in quite another sense. Overseers, bishops (Episkopoi), are made not by man, but by the Holy Ghost (Acts xx. 28). They are not nomi- nated by another bishop, but are elected by the Church, which recognises the presence and work- ing of the Holy Ghost in them. Even the Apostles did not ordain (in the sense of appoint by virtue of authority) the elders. Cheirotoneo, the word used in Acts xiv. 23, literally means to 'hold out the hand,' and proves that the election was by suffrage. The electing body is clearly the Church, and the Churches are to determine who are to be their elders or bishops. And the more believers are convinced that we are not above them but of them, the more will they trust our teaching and reverence us. And if we cannot win their confidence and maintain our position without clothing and millinery, without gowns and bands, aprons and cassocks, and other ecclesiastical fripperies and fopperies the sooner we are consigned to the lumber-room of worn-out things the better. (Applause.) Our true foundation is not the superstitious, but the intelligent affection of the people. Our usefulness depends upon our being trusted, upon our having the sympathies of those to whom we minister. And every badge we wear, every mannerism we adopt, every exception we make or take, separates us from our fellow-men, lessens our influence, and so hinders the Gospel of Christ. Jealousy of each other is another hindrance placed in the way of the Gospel by its ministers. Pitiable but most deplorable instances of this abound even among those who belong to the same denomina- tion, hold the same opinions, and preach the same doctrines. The success of Christianity is lost sight of in the interests of a particular Church. The salvation of souls is made a secondary matter to insisting upon some real or fancied right or com- plaining of some miserable personal slight. More successful labourers are systematically depreciated, and their modes of action, however efficient, are condemned. Indeed, it is rather wonderful to hear some of the ingenious ways in which the success of the successful is accounted for by some of the unsuccessful. There is nothing in their preaching, that is more clap-trap or milk and water. Their zeal, is fanaticism run mad. Their promptitude aud determination, are rashness and self-sufficiency. And their usefulness is ascribed to anything but to love of souls and fitness for and consecration to their work. The result of this unmanly detraction is most disastrous. The great army of the Cross, instead of marching on in resistless unity, led by officers animated by one common spirit, is split up into little rival com- panies of Ishmaelites, whose hands are against every man's, and every man's hand is against them. Our order is charged-and I think with justice -with most of the divisions that have rent the body of Christ. Nearly all the great schisms have originated in petty personal piques between party leaders. Charitable, large-hearted judgment of the brethren has never been a common minis- terial virtue. And it is vain to hope for a united Church till we have a united ministry— till ministers practise towards each other that 'love which envieth not, which thinketh no evil, and which doth not behave itself unseemly.' The Want of the Accent of Conviction in Preaching is another hindrance. This may proceed from either of two causes. Ministers sometimes do not believe what they preach-sometimes formality makes them perfunctory. Now if there be not faith there should not be preaching. The Scripture rule is, ' We believe, and therefore speak.' But the accent of conviction is often wanting where faith exists. Through incessant talking, divorced from careful cultivation of the spiritual life, ministers become mere sermon-machines and praying-wheels. The same subject is discussed so often that the utterance and the words are both stereotyped. The tones are unconvincing, the emphasis is artificial, the emotion is forged. The result is that 'Oh dear, dear, look,' of utter want of interest of which Dean Alford speaks as dis- tressingly obvious in so many congregations. For hearers know when the preacher is insincere and unearnest. His words then are only words. The tympanum receives certain sounds, but the soul neither thrills nor stirs. There may be thunder, but there is no lightning; there may be light, but there is no heat: there may be thought, but there is no emotion. When this accent of conviction is lost great alterations should be made in modes of preparation and delivery to recover it. For it is better to make the soul feel the truth than to delight the fancy with word-pictures, delicately turned tropes, and dainty poetry, or to gratify the intellect with freshness of style and cogency of argument. These need not be unreal, but if they are, rough sentences -fresh from the heart, and eloquent with conviction -are far more effective. Few indeed of the preachers who have won souls have been either masters of composition or bril- liant orators. Whitefield had a magnificent voice, but his sermons were most commonplace— at any rate, those published are. Yet, when with pas- sionate earnestness he described the sinner as a blind traveller on the edge of a precipice, with but a step between him and destruction, even the icy Chesterfield forgot his adamantine maxims, and cried out, ' For God's sake, save him, Whitefield.' Jonathan Edwards, though a profound logician, was utterly destitute of oratorical accomplishments. He read his sermons, holding the manuscript close to his eyes, and used scarcely any action. Yet, when he delivered that sermon on the text ' Their feet shall slide in due time,' so vehement was his realization of the peril of the wicked that, as he preached, the people crowded into the aisles, and in agony of fear clung to the pillars of the chapel, lest they should slip into perdition. It is this accent of conviction which produces conversion. It is God- inspired, and it is God- honoured. Rhetoric brilliant declamation, imagery may dazzle, may win applause; but the difference between reality and acting is soon discovered. A preacher rings himself on the hearts of his hearers as a coin is rung upon a counter. If he be genuine, the more he is rung the more is his genuineness made apparent: but if he be counterfeit, the higher his flights the sooner and the surer is he detected. My brethren, if our spiritual life be depressed let us cry for the revivifying influences of the Holy Spirit.If we have lost the keen realization of the truth, let us by prayer get it as a gift from God, and speak it out with ringing clearness in the ears of men. It is the want of this that explains empty pews, yawning congregations, lukewarm Churches, and— so far as that which is human can— the absence of conversions. I turn now to the Church. Here hindrances abound, and the difficulty is to select the most obstructive.There can be no doubt, however, that Gossip is one. The love of a little private information, even of dear friends, is a human infirmity. It is un- happily a common Church characteristic. The eagerness with which personal tittle tattle is pounced upon, treasured up, and repeated is as remarkable as it is mischievous. For Gossip feeds only on garbage, and circulates only what is damaging. its customary prefaces are — 'Can you tell me if it is true?' or, 'By the way, have you heard?' And then follows the painful domestic secret, the distressing social scandal, or the sad Church inconsistency, which in half an hour is repeated, and that night is the property and talk of a dozen households. Gossip is a serious hindrance to the progress of the Gospel. Ministers' reputations are tattled away. Elders and deacons are whispered out of their usefulness. Churches are torn in pieces by the wagging of that little member which nothing but the grace of God can tame. Very often no evil is intended : there is no desire to do mischief, nor to be unkind - it is mere love of listening to other people's matters and retelling them. It is said that whenever Hannah More was told anything derogatory of another her invariable reply was, 'Come, we will go and ask if that be true?' The effect was sometimes ludicrously painful. The tale-bearer was taken aback, stam- mered out a qualification, or begged that no notice might be taken of the statetment. But the good lady was inexorable— off she took the scandal- monger to the scandalized to make enquiry and to compare accounts. (Laughter.) How much mischief similar conduct would present here where we know just too much and too little of one another! How many a busy- body's occupation would be lost! How many a wound the Christian conscience would be spared! How many a schism the Church would escape! Closely allied with gossip, only worse in nature, though not worse in its effects is Cen- soriousness. The love of finding fault is universal. Not a few pride themselves upon being able to pick plans, systems, and reputations to pieces. The fault-finder has obtained access to every Church. He disturbs the meetings; he seems discontent; he is always ready with an objection. But, as all human propositions and work are imperfect, it is very easy to discover faults in them. And to have a needle-eye for detecting mistakes and failings is neither a grace nor a gift of the Spirit. The office of charity is not to strip the poor fault of every figleaf of excuse and make it run naked ; it is to cover it up and wrap it warm in the mantle of love. Nor is it a sign of conscientiousness to nibble at and take exception to every project that is pro- posed, and to censure everything that has been done. There are some who, because they ecannot have perfection, are pleased with nothing. They make the best the enemy of the good. They would try to pick a hole in perfection itself. They are the plagues of our Churches. One of them will mar the peace of a whole denomination. It is a habit to be guarded against; it is a hindrance to be removed. In this enumeration we must not overlook Parsimoniousness. As Christianity is constituted money is indispensable. The divine law is that the material resources needful for its propagation are to be the free-will offerings of believers. Yet it is to be feared that no side of the Christian character is so defective, no duty is so systematically neglected, as that of giving. Nothing, indeed, makes one so ashamed of the current profession of Christianity as its financial aspect. Our overdrafts, our debts, our collections, our offerings, our donations, our artifices to get money are a disgrace to the Gospel. (Hear, hear.) The principles and practices of the great majority of Christiauns with regard to money contributions are deplorable. Every week reveals it. A Church member is heard praying with wonderful fervour for the conversion of the heathen. Ask him for a £5 note to send out a missionary, and he shuffles, makes paltry excuses, and refuses- not because he cannot afford it, but because he loves his money a great deal more than he loves the souls of the heathen. Another expresses in the abstract his unshaken confidence in the promises of God. Ask him for a sovereign towards some philanthropic object, and remind him 'that he who hath pity on the poor lendeth unto the Lord, and that which he hath given will He pay him again.' How quickly he pulls out his watch ! How suddenly he remembers he has a pressing engagement! He will see you about it again. Ah, but he does not invest the pound, and put the promise to the test. A third sorrow- fully laments the neglect, and ungodliness every- where manifest. Bring out a subscription book, and say :— ' We are building a church or a school room to check it. What may I put down your name for?' In a moment he tells you there are too many churches and schools already ; or else he overwhelms you with the story of his past losses or the gloomy prospects of the future. I am not pleading for wasteful extravagance in building, nor for excessive salaries for ministers. I ask for effi- cient organizations. I ask that instead of one half of the Church's time being spent in paying off debts which ought not to exist, we may have our energies free for spiritual labour. I ask that Christians, instead of giving beggarly contribu- tions, and screwing down their weekly offering, to the last possible limit, will give to God liberally, bountifully, royally and control their expenditure on dress, on style, on amusements to do so. (Applause). I ask for the wealth of the rich and the mites of the poor for the treasury of the Lord, and in quite another proportion to that commonly accepted, I ask that gifts may be according to the prosperity granted; and when that is done, we shall not have to din and dun and expostulate; for overdrafts and debts of churches will be as great cutisities as mastodons and dodos— (a laugh) and all will belong to a past age. I had noted down several other hindrances upon which, if time had permitted, I would have spoken. Prejudice, which is a bitter spring poisoning the sweet stream of spiritual life; fashion and love of display, which are the fatal decoys to worldlinedd of heart and life; indolence, that turns away with folded hands from the white harvest fields, self- indulgence, which considers ease, personal comfort before duty; timidity, which loses golden oppor- tunities through fear of lions in the way; aesthi- cism, which exults taste above both devotion and truth; silence where there should be speech, and speech where there should be silence. I pass these by with bare mention, and come in conclu- sion to the Inordinate Worship of Wealth and Position,and the craving for respectability, which is despiritualizing and emasculating the Church. Respectability is the Great Diana of modern Christianity. If a new beatitude were discovered there could not be a more general conviction nor a louder cry than— 'Blessed are the respectable!' Respectability has come to be the test of success ; and fidelity to Christ, consistency, and belief are subordinated to it. In the days of our Lord the sign of the divinity of the Gospel was that the poor had it preached to them, and that the common people heard it gladly. Eighteen centu- ries have wrought a strange change. Now the evidence relied upon to convince doubters of its onward progress is that the rich and the great listen to its message. The minister who can boost of influential people who come in their carriages, and who numbers an Honourable or two, a few members of Parliament, and a Mayor, is called a most successful man, with a very prosper- rous 'cause,' even though conversions are as rare as showers in summer. But the minister whose congregation is drawn from the lower stratum of the middle class and the poor, though hundreds are converted under his preaching, is half-con- temptuously spoken of, even by Christians, as 'a very useful man no doubt, doing a great deal of good— very earnest, very rousing; our servants go there, and you know they require that sort of thing.' Why, this is exactly what the 'upper classes' thought about the Christ Himself. Respectability would have nothing to do with Him, because none of the rulers had believed in Him. And respecta- bility now will only acknowledge that form and kind of Christianity which fashion and rank sanction. Respectability does not believe much in conversions, or in any decisive and aggressive efforts; neither can it enjoy prayer meetings where a godly but unfettered man tries to make known our wants to God. Respectability can overlook a glaring inconsistency, but it is terribly shocked at a mispronunciation. It can tolerate a breach in the moral law, but not one of etiquette. It can find great delight in the society of a Christian who has surrendered all his spirituality, but none in that of one who drops his 'h's.' Respectability likes to go to a fashionable rout on Monday, to the races on Thursday, to the theatre on Saturday night, and whispers to the world, 'I love you; I am your friend.' Then, on Sunday it comes to the House ef God, and says, ' I am a friend of God ; I love the Father,' as though it had never been written, ' If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him,' and ' Whosovcr will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God.' Respecta- tability docs not select its place of worship from considerations of truth or spiritual profit. The question it asks is not ' What is believed and preached?' but 'Who attend?' And respectability goes where the fine people go. It leaves the church, where the poor predominate, even though its first religious impressions were received under the ministry there, and is quite proud to sit down in a back seat behind the leaders of fashion - ' The influential sinners Who rent the highest pews.' People who will be respectable will surrender principle, convictions, and conscience for re- spectability. They do despite to the Spirit, they are disloyal to Christ, they wrong their own souls to belong to a respectable Church, where they cannot speak of what they do believe, and where they are compelled to sanction by their presence and silence what they do not believe. In this age respectability is a temptation that besets us all. It Is a danger that threatens every Church. The world is determined to be religious. It has set its heart upon getting the sanction of religion. But it can only get what it wants by making Christianity worldly. It wants to patch up a peace. It says to Christianity-'You come with me in the week to my balls and races and theatres, and lend me your countenance, and I'll come to your churches on Sunday, and patronise yourbazaars and tagged schools.' And if Christianity do not reply - 'Between me and thee there is a great gulf fixed. I may not come over lest I become like thee and lose the likeness of my Lord, the line between the Church and the world will be completely ob- literated. We must indeed 'take heed that we do not grow respectable.' For any denomination that gets that title is not far off its 'funeral sermon.' Already we have gone further than fidelity or safety warrants. (Hear.) A determined stand must be made. The alternative before us is the approval of Christ or the approval of the world. And in order to show that we love the Lord Jesus, we must forego much that is lawful, because it is neither expedient nor safe. Puritanism of the sourest and dismallest type is better than a liberalism that makes 'light have communion with darkness, and Christ concord with Belial.' I hope I shall not be misunderstood. (Hear.) I am not making an indiscriminate assault upon wealth, and position. Wealth is undoubtedly a great talent ; riches are an immense power; and the influence of those who stand in the front ranks, regulating . the movements which affect society, ia to be de sired far the Gospel A wealthy Christian can do what a poor one cannot do. But Christianity must not be hawked about to get the leaders of society to patronise it Christianity cannot accept, and must not receive their patronage it their lives are at variance with its precepts- Wives must not be put upon our religious Committees because he is Dives, and can Riye a .large donation. (Applause.) Hank must not be asked to take the chair at our meetings because he has a title. Aspect must be had to consistency and fitness. Wealth and nobility, with piety, are in their. P.roP™Jr^? presiding over our Christian, bocieties. But no amount of money, and no historic splendour of name, and no decree of prestige *™S&1%S?% the invitation of a maa of un-Christ «!*» surprised and annoyed at the contents of your letter-surmised because my well-known charac ter should have exempted me from such an appli cation; annoyed because it obliges me to have this communication with you. i have l°nK «« addicted to the gaming-table. Ibave lately taken to the turf. 1 fear I frequently blaspheme . I nave never distributed religious tracts. All this ; was well knuwn to you and to your Society, notwith standing which you think me a proper person lor Vour President/ May God forgive your hypocrisy liwould rather live in the land of sinners than with suchsaints.-Iam. &c.; Obfobd. May. 1S67. The candour of that nobleman is to be admired, how ever much his moral condition is to4be deplored. He had a truer sense !of consistency than that lackey-spirited Committee, who thought rank a sufficient set-off to blasphemy, and titled ungodli ness a compliment to the Word of God. How ashamed of themselves they must have beea when these incisive sentences were read out for their common edification. And now I close. I have enlarged upon this last for it is the most serious. The intelligence from England shora that this determination to be respectable is threatening to destroy the spiritual life of the city churches. They are becoming so worldly in tone and act that vital godliness is imperilled. The same thing is here. Let us watch and pray that we enter not into temptation. The last thing to be said is the necessity of unflinching Christian faithfulness to Christ, to the Word, to conscience. It ia not isolated acts, but the habit of fidelity that ia required-fidelity in the little as well as the great— for he who is faithless in that which is least will when the temptation is strong enough be faithless in that which is greatest; and it is only lie who removes the rumor hindrances from the way of the Gospel who has the guarantee that he will never obstruct its progress with the major one3. He , 'Who keeps no guard upon himself is slack, And rou to nothing at the next great thaw. The circumstances and the times demand a thorough and personal consecration on the part of Christians. Tnere must be sincere and decisive piety. Consistency must be worn and protected as a jewel of costliest worth. We must be altogether for Christ. A half-hearted homage, a partial sur render, a fitful service, a lukewarm love will not suffice. Body, soul, intellect, life, influence, time, talent, affection, must all be laid upon the altar, awaiting the descent of the fire from heaven. Then the rest will follow. The Holy Ghost shall endue us with power from on high ; and the Gospel, having all hindrances removed from its way. winged by faith, wafted by prayer, and accredited by consistency, shall go singing through the lauds till stranger ears aud alien hearts have heard and understood its wondrous message of love. Then praise shall rise from full hearts, ?I aily pray« shall be as incense, the lifting up ol t lie hands aa the evening sacrifice, till (Sod's millenial morn shall rise On happy heartd and blessed eyes. Meantime each believing and obedient heart may lake up the supplication of faith Few years, no wisdom, no renown, Only my life can I lay down; Only my heart. Lord to thy throne I bring, and pray A child of thine I may go forth. And spread glad tidings through tha earth, And teach sad hearts to know Thy worth! Lord, he« am L . Make Thou me strong ; that staff and stay, And guide and guardian of the way, To Taeeward I may hear each day. Same faintiug soul. Speak, for I hear; make pure in heart, Thy face to see; Thy truth impart In nut and ball, in church and mart ! Lord, here am I. 1 ask no heaven till earth be Thine. No glory crown while work of mine llemaineth here: when earth shall shine Among the stars; Her sins wiped out, her captives free. Her voice a music unto Thee, For crown, new work give Thou to me t 1 j^rA hara nm r 'f The Kev. s. mead said in another place last ircek the mover of a vote of thanks to the reader rf an address objected to its being received aa the ipinionof the body over which he presided; and uLnitting the right of independent judgment and ??aried views of truth, it did sometimes happen that they could not always be unanimous in improving of that which they had heaid. He doubted not, however, that all there were able to approve of the a!. Ires t to which they had just Ifstened-(applause) — and instead of its going forth as the views uf one, he should like it to go forth as the voice of the whole meeting. (Ap plause.) He moved— 'That a vote of thanks be presented to Mr. Parsons, and that his address should go forth aa the unanimous expression of liat meeting.' The Kev. J. Price seconded, observing that he felt. ton vinced that there was but one feeling in the minds of all with regard to the address. The first part, which related to ministers, was bo searching and so good, that he felt sorry, per sonally, when their esteemed Chairman turned over to the other side. (Uear, hear.) But the con viction rl i.shed on his mind that this was a proof of the truthfulness of the first subdivision re specting the feeling of separation between ministers and their people; and the second part belonged to himself tu much as the first. (A laugh.) If he was a minister he was a member of the Church, aud had great need to beware of gossip and ceiisorioiunees, and one or two other, things mentioned. Other good points had not been brought our, but there was great strength of reserve iu the address. He took that opportunity of expressing his deep thankfulness to God that He had, in their exigency as a Church, sent amongst iheiu a man after his own heart, such as their Chairman. (Applause.) The Kev. J. Daniel cordially supported, the motion, saying the Chairman had given him a sound drubbing; but he thought ail had got it pretty smart too. (Laughter.) He had been a tons time in the Church, preaching the Word for many years, and had seen a great many of the evils resulting from the hindrances to which Mr. Parsons had referred. He hoped the ministers who came there that day would remember one thing— not to be jealous one of another. (Hear, hear.) How often did they feel a jealousy of So and-so's fine church— (a laugh)— which was not right; and another thing he thought they ought to remember— some thought that a minister went up Jo heaven during the week and came down on Sa turday night for the Sunday's service— (laughter)— he was ao far above the people; and he thought the more united they were the greater would be their success. He entertained a feeling of esteem for all his brethren, and sometimes felt they had more grace in the heart than he had; but he Bought to make himself the lowest. Then with regard to Church gossip, the Chairman had pictured them in a very sombra manner, but not Lbcker than they were. He was sure he should not forget the address throughout the whole of the 'year. (Applause.) The Kev. J. M. Day joined heartily in tha pro position, and hoped it would also go forth as tha views of the denomination. He honestly con. fessed that whilst listening to the address he thought a great deal of what was said in relation V) ministers should cause shame and confusion of face. The effect, however, of the paper going forth with their sanction would be that they would be wtlched and criticised by others, and this should lead them all to a moat searching heart examinatioa. He hoped they would rid them selves of thess hindrances if they existed, and the result would Le more real and genuine joy and a strengthening in Christian life. (Applause.) Mr. W. K. Thomas, after what had been said by their ministers, would simply, aa a Church member, join in supporting the motion, and he thought every word was applicable to their posi tion and necessary for their instruction. The address was of such a nature that it was worthy to xo forth as the utterance of the denomination, and he hoped and prayed that all would profit by % Speaking of that portion relating to Church members, he considered it highly important, be cause Shose hindrances mentioned were felt no doubt in every Church. As the address, besides being printed in the usual way, would go forth to the world at large, they would be watched, and people would be ready to ascertain whether they really did profit by what they had heard. / Ann! a 11 co \ xhe Kev. U. J. LAMBERT, wnusi aamnuug iu-«. ministers might take to themselves what was stated in reference to Church members, would have the latter bear in mind that ministers needed their sympathy and prayers, in order to assist them to guard against these very hindrances. (Hear, hear.) Not only should they get rid of these things, but live for each other and be in earnest. ili. G. Silvw congratulated Mr. Parsons upon tha unanimous expression of feeling respecting his address, which appealed so thoroughly to their understanding. The motion having been carried unanimously, the CiUimiAX said a few words in reply, and an adjournment was then had for dirther. On reassembling at 3 o'clock the business was commenced by devotional exercises. Axxual Bepobt. The Rev. S. Mead read the annual report as follows:— ' We present you to-day with the sixth annual report of the Baptist Association. We aie fully persuaded that this Association hag increased in power each successive year. We believe that it is to-day stronger than ever. We are thankful to know that it possesses, to a very large extent, the confidence and sympathy of our Churches. May it become, under the blessing of God, an agency lot increased usefulness in promoting His glory. ' With humility of heart it becomes m to ac knowledge that the past year has not been one of special success in the leading of sinners tq the Saviour. We need a richer endowment of the mfts of the Spirit. For this end we would suggest the designation of a day when we may all, either in a private or public manner, lay this matter before the Lord, and pray for 'greater things.' ' We have also to acknowledge that our progress fa taking up new spheres of labour has not been great. JNew chapeb have been erected, or are beinz erected, at Norwood. Inglewood, Stockport, Tarlee. Saddle worth, Eden Valley, and Gawler; the chapel at Magill has been enlarged. More over, regular worship is sustained in other places newly entered upon which, are without chapels. One place of worship at Port Lincoln we have not used. A church has been organized at Inglewood. Work of an evangelistic character has been carried on during the year. Air. R. Parkin, formerly minister of the Magill Church, has been sustained as aa evangelist. His labours have been blessed, and the Committee have full confidence in his earnestness and zeaL 'Mr. John N. Birks has been sustained as a student. He has worked at his studies with satis factory diligence and success. Chiefly on this mound it has not been Judged needful to subject him to the usual formal examination. In preach ing he has had tokens of the Divine blessing. 'By the establishment of the Adelaide Theo logical College, the Committee of the Association will be relieved cf the responsibility of directinf the Btudiea of those who may devote themselves tc the work of the ministry, ^ nevertheless a close ; relationship must exist between the two Com tnUtees. The Baptist students will be expected to throw themselves as heartily into the general work of the Association as heretofore. Moreover, the Committee of the Association will be asked for a liberal pecuniary contribution to toe funds of the CollegeT In the fullest sense, we hope the Com mittee of the College, while occupying an , lnde nendent position, will be thoroughly one with the Association. We commend this College movement to the sympathies of the denomination at large. 'It may be best here to make allusion to our denominational magazine. Truth and Progress, which is now near the end of the second year of its publication. We are glad that there has been no necessity tor an appeal to be made f or gratuitous contributions in order to its sustentation. As to its character and usefulness during the present year, there are not wanting evidences which yield us satisfaction and awaken gratitude. We are thankful that it has been a medium for the minis tration of truth fitted to edify. We have a fair number of subscribers in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. Letters received from the last- mentioned colony during the last few days prove that it is read there with much interest, and is looked upon as an organ which maybe rendered serviceable for the expression of the varied aspects of Christian truth. We are far from thinking the magazine all it may be made as a power for good, and hope that under, a new editorship it may become increasingly efficient. 'In former reports Uawler has been more than once referred to. The indications of the Divine approval of the work there have been manifold, A decided step has now been taken in securing a good site and in the erection of a chapel tueieon. ThiB will, we think, tend to give permanency and definiteness to the cause. We hope a minister will be located there within a few months. The settlement of the Kev. J. L. Parsons at North Adelaide yields us sincere pleasure; and we have been glad to welcome the Kev. Mr. Kingdon. lately arrived, and hope he may usefully labour among 'We think it becoming to acknowledge the pecuniary assistance rendered by a generous fnend of all Christian efforts. But for such a liberal con tribution we should have been much crippled in our movement We must still urge all our friends to help this Association to the utmost of their ability, consistently with other claims. _ 'The increased number of ministers in and near Adelaide renders it possible for us to have a more eikiable division of labour of a general denomina tional character than has hitherto prevailed. ' In the contemplated election of a ne w becratary or Secretaries we sincerely hope that fresh life and vieour may be diffused among the Churches. At the same time we are deeply impressed with the truth that we all need a firmer hold and more en lightened comprehension of Christ 8 truth, and a richer baptism of His Spirit.' On the motion of Mr. James CuiiMiXG, seconded by the Kev. J. L. Davies, the report was unanimously adopted. FINANCIAL RKPOBT. Mr. James Smith (t'reasurer) presented his report and balance-sheet for the past year, showing the receipts to have been 4:147 4s. 5U, and ex penditure £412 53. 9d., leaving a balance in hand of £U 18s. 8d. He mentioned that had it not been for the donation of £150 by the friend re ferred tol in the report the balance would have been on the other side. Mr. D. Fowleb moved, and Mr. A. Murray. seconded, the adoption of the report, which, after a little discussion, was carried nem. con., the Kev. S. Mead explaining that the donatiou meutioned was given on the condition that it was supple mented, which was nearly accomplished. COMMITTEE AND OFFICEES. The Rev. S. Mead proposed— ... ' That the following be the Committee for the ensuing year:— Kev. 8. Mead. M.A., LL.B., H. J. Lambert, J. L. Parsons, and K. Parkin, and Messrs. D. Fowler, T. Barnes, J. Whiting. A. S. Neill. J. A. Holden, W. K. Thomas, G. Shaw, A. Murray, J. Cumming. J. Jarett, J. White, J. Darling, and F. Hann. Secretaries— Kevs. J. Price'and J. M. Day; Treasurer— Mr. J. Smith. The Kev. George Pkixck seconded. An objection was laised by the Rev. W. 0. Ashtos to both Secretaries being resident out of town, he considering that the interests of the Association would sutler in consequence. Mr. Mead explained that he was obliged to retire from a deep conscientious conviction that it was his duty to hie Church at Flinders-street to devote his time to them. After a short discussion on the subject, in the course of which great regret was expressed at the loss of Mr. Mead's services as Secretary, a suggestion was thrown out that the rev. gentleman might be able to attend to the supply of circuits near Adelaide on any occasion of emer gency, and the motion was then carried. Ou the proposition of the Key. H. J. Lamukkt, the hearty thanks of the Association were awarded to Mr. Mead for the ability with which he had acted aa their Secretary. , , The Kev. H. L. Tcck seconded, and the motion having been carried by acclamation, was acknow ledged by Mr. Mead, who expressed hia thanks for the able support he had received, and regiet at being obliged to relinquish the ollice. The Rev. J. Price moved, Kev. S. Mead seconded, and it was carried unanimously— ' That the Revs. J. L. Parsons and U. J. Lambert be the Editors, and Mr. h\ Uann the Financial Secretary, at Truth and Progress for the ensuing year.1* The balance-sheet wa3 read by Eev. S. Mead, showing a balance in hand when unpaid subscrip tions came in of £g 193. Id. He stated that then magazine had been a greater success than was anticipated, the circulation, which was now about WO, being double their estimate. It was suggested that, in order to relieve the Editors from pecuniary difficulties in consequence of not having funds in hand to meet current liabilities, that a Working Fund should be establjshed, and the necessity of having subscriptions paid up regularly was strongly enforced. On the motion of Mr. W. K. Thomas, a vote of thanks was passed to the Kevs. S. Mead and J. Price, the late Editors, and to Mr. Uann for his services as Financial Secretary. LEFEVRE-TEBttJCE OHURCH. A letter was read from this Church, applying to be received into the Association. The Kev. 8. Meap proposed, and Mr. W. h.. Thomas seconded, that the Church be received, expressions of satisfaction being given that this Church should have applied for admission, all the Churches in the denomination, with scarcely an exception, being now connected with the Associa tion. THASKSCIVIXC FOR BADf. The Rev. 1L L. Tuck moved— 'That this meeting desires to express its sincere thankfulness to God for His goodness in sending the recent rain, more especially as it came when its need was much felt,' Living in the North, he had a particular cause for a feeling of thankfulness, a-s the late rains had saved the crops and prevents 1 a national calamity, and there were now hopes of at least a moderate harvest. The Kev. J. M. Day seconded the resolution. He lived in a part of the colony signally blessed with dry weather; their prospects looked very bad, and he believed there was a real feeling of humi liation and dependence upon God created through out the land as to their future. In time of pros perity they were apt to trust to the regularity of the seasons, and lose sight of their dependence on God; but this interposition of Providence had been a most signal one, and it was well for the Association to make this public acknowledgment of their gratitude. The motion wa3 carried ana voce. TEE EDUCATIONAL QUESTION. The Rev. J. M. Day, of Kapunda, thought it was desirable they should give expression to their views upon thi3 matter, as other* had done so. even if they did not all aaree, and he would there fore move— 'That in the opinion of this meeting it is the duty of the State to introduce a national system of compulsory education, without reference to religion.' He knew that he was entering upon ground on which there was a difficulty in treading. Some said the State should have nothing to do with education at all; others, that if they had it should be of an entirely secular character; whilst it was held by others that education should embrace the reading of the Bible in their ordinary national schools. The opinion he held very strongly was that it was part of the business of the Government to see that a secular educUion should be provided, but that they had nothing whatever to do with the religious element— with the reading of the Bible. He con sidered that in any school where the teacher was not necessarily a religious character the use of the Bible, as it was carried out in their Bchools, was a great mistake. At a large public school at home, where there were 300 scholars, he always regarded that part of the teaching as a horrible farce— (Hear, hear)— and looked upon the hypocrisy of tna thing with a perfect shudder as it was carried on week after week. It was said that tq the Bible they owed the security of their govern ment, but he held, at the same time, they had nothing to do with enforcing religious education. It was simply their duty to prevent the children growing up in ignorance, which led to crime, by seeingjthat secular teaching was carried out. He was not speaking with regard to the Catholic view, as it was well known that body would not rest satisfied until they obtained a subsidy to pay religious teachers: but this was nnnnsad to their own principles, and whether com pulsory emulation wouia nieei uieir aux ur iiui, it was the duty of the State to provide it. He did not object to the introduction of the Bible out of dis respect to it; but he desired to see that which they properly regarded as 'the Book' taken out of the hands of their secular teachers. (Hear, hear.) . The Kev. 8. Mead. M.A.. seconded, remarking that experience was better than hearsay, and as it was acknowledged that their educational system was a mistake, the sooner it was rectified the better. The system in England had been a failure. a3 well aa the denominational system of Victoria, and he suggested that that of Canada would be the most acceptable, as from all accounts it was working welL ? Mr. Shaw went' bo far with the resolution aa to agree that with respect to those children who were neglected by their parents, the State was bound to step in and see that they had a proper education, that they were rightly trained, and made eincient members of the society in which they were growing up to fulttl their destinies. Of course all parents who were able to educate their children should do bo, but the Government would have to see that such did not palm their children upon the Govern ment. Seeing the numerous children running about the streets in a wild uneducated state, he thought they should look at the matter as it stood, and take it into serious consideration, for without education these would never become proper mem bers of society. Mr. D. Fowler said he was sorry to see that at tha Congregational Union views were given ex pression to which he could not agree with by influential men whom he respected. If they had only taken the trouble to make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the national system of education in Scotland they would have seen the immense superiority which that pountry possessed over their own. Where he came from 99 children out of every 100 could read and write. Educa tion was within the reach of the poorest, apd in few localities did the number of those who could not read and write reach 3 per cent. (Hear, hear.) He considered the question of religious education in public schools one of the greatest bugbears that ever existed, and most strongly approved of the Scotch system. In our system here what they badly wanted was a better class of teachers— (Hear, hear)-and he considered it was the duty of the State to provide a national system of purely secular education. (Applause.) The Chairman said there appeared to be four different Bystems of education — Government education with the Bible and without it: and compulsory education with and without the Bible; and he heartily agreed with the Key. Mr. Day's proposition as to a compulsory secular education, fie had no duubt in his own mind but that the State had nothing whatever to do with enforcing religious education. There was a creat amount of difhculty in the matter, But if parents themselves were not alive to what they owed to their children the State i must step in. - The children must have education, - lor that enormous evils arose from ignorance was - his experience of some of the dark districts in the . west of England, where the amount of ignorance was almost unbelievable. He considered that then* j religious training could be properly secured m the home, Sunday-school, and by other recognised means. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. S. Neill concurred- in the resolution as far as introducing compulsory secular education, but did not like the idea of excluding the Bible from their schools. Although it was Eaid its reading was merely a formal matter, he considered it exercised an influence upon the mind. The Rev. H. L. Tuck thought the word 'com- pulsory' would never do. A speaker at a meeting on one occasion, after indulging in every land of vituperation, thoroughly exhausted his stock of epithet', when a man behind him called out, 'It u diabolical'— (laughter) -and he felt inclined to use a similar expression. ,..-,, , Mr D Uutiojt, of Morphett Vale, expressed his opinion that the whole question was open to a Week's discussion; and he, as well as others, did hot like to hazard an opinion without considera tion. He did not think compulsory education would do, and yet he did not like to say at five minutes' notice that he agreed with the idea of shutting out the Bible. He moved as an amend ment that the subject be postponed to their next Mr. JK.' Dewhirst, Second Inspector of Schools, said he rose to correct an impression which pre vailed that there was something in the present Educational Act which required that the Bible should be read in schools. This was not a fact. The regulations of the Board required it; but all the Act said was that the education imparted should be founded upon Bible truth; meaning that the books read should contain some elements of religious truth, such as those in the pages of woiks supplied by the British and Foreign School So ciety aud the Irish JSational Society. He did not know that he ought to say anything on thi3 occa sion, as those in the Government service generally held aloof from discussions; but he held this view with respect to the exclusion of the Bible, that it should never have been introduced- (applause) - and then they would not have had to talk about excluding it. He also considered all the Go vernment had to do was to see that a good secular education was provided, without violating the conscience or makinn it repulsive to any one. His friend, the Kev. Mr. Tuck, hail a great objection to the word com pulsory, but there was a great deal of that in life. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) It was not a woid they as .Englishmen were fond of. The system was working advantageously in Prussia, but the real question was whether a person should be com pelled to provide for the mental cultivation of his child as well as his physical. He agreed with the last speaker, that it was a large question, and could not be decided [in one hour or half a dizen ;but one plan had suggested itself to his mind which would be somewhat fair to all, that if they had Govern ment education in the country it should be bestowed according to secular results. .Let the Government Inspector go into a school and not ask a sinale question about Scripture, but ascertain what progress the children had made in Becular know ledge, and bestow their aid in proportion. (Ap plause.) The Kev. Mr. Tcck seconded the amendment The Rev. J. Price, of Alberton, Edpported the amendment, remarking that as a meeting they were not quite prepared, not having had notice of the question being brought forward. Personally he was rather undecided on the matter, and should not feel disposed to vote. There was a great deal to be said on both sides, and he thought it best to postpone it to the half-yearly or next meeting. The Rev. D. Badger, of Morphett Vale, hoped the meeting would come to a decision on the reso lution, as the matter had been constantly before the community, through the Parliament, the Press, and other agencies, for some months past, and he was quite sure they must have arrived at some con clusion. (Hear, hear.) He would point out that by shutting the Bible out of their schools they did not prevent their children from learning it, for were there not their Sabbath-schools, the home agency, and the L^jrd's-day service? Then who were the teachers- these men who were to impart a religious education to their children 1 What had the State to do with teaching religion? (Hear, hear.) Their schoolmasters might be quite able to give their children a good secular education, and that should satisfy them. Suppose he wanted his boy to learn watchmaking, would he complain if the master to whom he sent him to acquire it could not teich him theology? (A laugh and Hear, hear.) If be made him a good watchmaker that would satisfy him, and it was much the same with education. They wanted schoolmasters to teach the children the rudiments of education to fit them for the ordi nary duties of life, and expected that religious teaching should be imparted by parents, ministers, and the Sunday-school teacher. What was the value of the so-called religious teaching in day s:hools! The Scotch had a great power of endurance— (a laugh)— and for his part he had gone through a long and severe course of so styled religious trainina iu a day-school. They l--!\mr. lnntr nsnlniK. and had lanre doses of :atecmsm; Dut, lor nis pare, wnen ue nau learni it, he did not understand a single question. [Laughter.) Religion brought into the day-school was turned into a farce, and he could not see that my good came of it. He had as reverential a feeling for the Word of God as any one, but all he expected from the State was a secular education. They should talk about education, and say nothing lbout religion. As to the compulsory system, undoubtedly there might be a few who might still not be taught, but that should not deter them from trying this system ; and as to the objection to com pulsory education there were many thing3 they were compelled to do now. If parents neglected to give their children wholosome food the State would compel them to do so, or do it for them. Some parents spent all their earnings upon their own bodies, and left the mental cultivation of their children to others, but these should be compelled to educate their ofispring. (Applause.) A friend behind him asked how could they ccmipel, how would they |catch the children ; and this reminded him of a little incident. A Fwdobaptist minister travelling through the bush from house to house, as was sometimes the custom in going through a district occasionally child sprinkling— daughter)— went to a place where the pirents collected their children. He was about to proceed with the ceremony, wrjen he asked, 'Are these all?' The mother, with great anxiety, replied, ' There is one more, but these are all we could catch'— (loud laughter)— and this was just the way to put it— (applause) -give a secuiar education to all they could catch. The Rev. J. L. Davtes remarked that many things were said about the Scotch system, and in Scotland it was a rarity to meet with a person unable to read-a defect very common amongst Englishmen. He thought education should be compulsory ; but could not then come to the con clusion that it would be best to exclude the Bible from their schools. The Roman Catholics were placed under a disadvantage by our system, and the Bible being the great enemy of their religion they would like to get rid of it; but then came the question of morality which was involved in Bible teaching. They taught their children to be dutiful to God, and wished them to learn the best morality, and this was only to be found in the Bible, for there was none other than scriptural morality. His mind was not clear on these points, not being able to reconcile them. His impression was that the American system was the best, and it was a signi ficant fact that the Church of Home opposed their national system. He should support the putting on' of the question, as the proposition was too extreme. Mr. W. K. Thomas said if the question was postponed to their next meeting this was likely to be held in the country, and therefore its decision would not come with such force and value as at present. (Hear, hear.) If it was put off for 12 months its discussion would not be of much practical use. as the question might then be settled. It had beeu discussed by the Congrega tional Union, and as the members of the Associa tion could not but have given some consideration to the subject it was most advisable they should come to a decision at once. He would not say more on the subject, except that he most heartily agreed with the proposition. The Chairman then put both the amendment and motion, and the latter was carried with two dissentients. This closed the business for the day, and the Association adjourned tdl half-past 10 o'clock on the following morning, when letters from Churches will be taken; a public tea and meetincr to taketDlace at nicht. 