OLLA PODRIDA. j OANDIDATOBIAÜ FUNNISTENTS.-Tho papera ar« fairli overflowing with electioneering wit and the want of it the latter the rule Tory much, I'm sorry to say j and ti former quite an exception, which evidently comes marni by accident. The Sydney Morning Herald is Ailed wit] a' lot of the worst addresses I evor read, from perio'i anxious to make laws for their fellows ; and I hare n hesitation in saying that tho worst lot of candidates nb ever appealed for support in this colony are now o their preferment; ard besides this, there bo some pl»« that seem to find it impossible raking up a candidate a all. In tho metropolis the. aapirants and their friend have made great speeohes, some very excellent; BU others only remarkable for the stringing together lon lists of epithets ; and tho employment of ill-advised, sui inappropriate inveotive against classes and individual whoso cloth as well as character should protect theo from all suuh attacks. Amongst tho best of th speakers, those most remarkable for a combination o eloquence and logical reasoning, Mr Robertson and Mi Dalloy stand out in very bright colors; while Mi Buchanan is solus and far away solus-as the blatan spouter, in whose harangues the verbiage is tremendous the thunder stagey enough to satisfy the greatest lover ó Colleen Bawns and such like, and tho lightning blue ant brimstoney as the very d-1. These aro the onlj remarkable features in tho speeches of Buchanan. Tliero'i not a particle of excellence in them. Words, many o them very bad ones too, form tho great staple commodity pf the giant Bavid ; and he's only flt to follow some otho speaker who may have been too' wishy washy in hü style, and need a certain amount of braggadocio, bully' ragging, and brute force to make it go down with 'thi great unwashed. This has Buchanan done during tb past weok ; and we've nearly seen enough of him. * ? East Sydney has immortalised itself. Not by electing either Parkes, or Martin, or both; because the formel they know, and take him.for what ho is ; and of cours» they know, os "regards "Sir James," that he quite ai capable, as well as willing, to call them " Hovrlinj Idiots" again at a moment's notice, ns they must now bi to givo quiet submission to such treatment. Tut "Spaniels" of East Sydney can't complain of beinj thumped by Martin; nor grumble, when Parkes neil wears tho cock-cd hat, to And him cock therewith ¡iii noso. No, Sir, there's nothing to be proud of in having elected either of theso great guns. The ono has invari ably insulted tho electors of those esstcrn purlieus whenever ho got haifa chance; tho other is, and alway has been, the greatest humbug of a politician and the moat perfect libel on a statesman, fha tho country IIBB . ever seen ; and both have thti time been placed ori a very lofty pedestal by false pre mises. There's nothing honourable in this ti the independent electors. They've only shewn their} selves a lot of old women, to illustrate the sdagi about '? tho woman, tho spaniel, and the walnut tree;" and this is tho more opportune, as wa shall soon arri« at the rjrttn walnut season. It's the choice of " Dani11 they have to be proud about. They've got the belt talker out, the greatest demagogue, tho most wonderful, unapproachable antiobstinaticomaniao that ever misused the choicest gems of the Queen's English. We're had plenty of talk-against-time-till-you' drop people in the Assembly ; plenty who could talk about nothing by the hour, but never one who could handle both sides of it io deftly, and with so little violence to his feelings ss the burly David. Talk about "Janus" having two facet, that's an unconsidered trillo ; for I don't know whit 'part of East Sydney's stumpatiser isn't double. Ila must be double-jointed and double- barrelled even to hi) boot jack. However, he's got comfortably in at tho til of Parkes and Martin ; andjhe will be quite ready to turn tail on them whenever it suits either himself or hil con- stituents to rail against the SIIAIXOW-PATBD PBETBSCH of the knight, or to quarrel with the anti-Foniau procli- vities bf tho lecturing apostle. I quite understand Parkes cottoning to anything or anyone that will I7 and hoist him up as " tlie spirit of the age?' but I'di better opinion of Martin. I didn't think ho'd descend to be patronised by such a professor as " 1'he Buchanan;" and he (Martin) must have felt it very galling, while tbs Newcastle people wore, evidently working on whatDbrid once said of him in those parts, to be obliged to tub shoulders with bis former detractor, who of course would lose not an opportunity, real or imaginary, of showing Iiis (Martin's)' vast inferiority. With regard to "Darid,1 East Sydney is in a very honorable position. They're scoured tho talker of the party, tho core that ringi the changes from black to white in a jiffey, and vice vertai the man who regrets in an unguarded moment having giren in his adherence to thoso antediluvian dotards nlioioms] years back dealt a heaüy blow at fanaticism in Scotjanii and now prides himself on preferring tho shining light of "Parkes" to the vanished star of "Macaulay." I rauit confess Buchanan shows an excellent tasto in tho trans: Terence of his allegiance. David, I think I havo told you, was sadly disappointed in the Houso of Commons. Instead of bandying about high sounding personailtie* from one to tho other, and sacrificing senso to declama- tion,, he found tho members of England's Parliament talking by weight instead of measure. A bushel of their oom to bo any good must weigh 0 lot over seccnt) pounds, and not bo composed, liko our political bread' stuff lots, of a small layer of "skinless" covering . multitude of musty chuff. David was completely flab- bergasted ; but as ho can't hopo over to approach either tho sonso or tho languogo ho heard, as his funds Scotck won't pass current with tho coloniul sovereigns, bo hal made up his mind to do tho ultra heavy business- light tho vernacular firebrand, and slick at nothing; which fully accounts for rabies, tho dog days, the Midsummer night's dream, the law of divorce, and why "the Chura of England oives ¡Cs origin to the unscrupulous v'Ma\\*yy. the very worst of men." "Boll," my boy, accept ral warmest congratulations on your luok in tho valuable ncccssion the ranks of tho literati havo received. Ob. for tho pen of a Grovillo to writo political articles and pormeato through all tho ramifications of tho political system. But toll mo, "Bell," didst ever seo the" slashing fulminntors, with which tho telegraphic candi- dato for Braidwood has for years been evor busy with bu pen in tho press. Why, «' Boll," my boy, I remember 1 candidato not long ngo telling a gold-fields constituent/ that in his capacity of Government Printer he had had « great deal to do with the passing of the Conslitutwn 4a, or some other measure of vast importanco-almo» al good a flourish of trumpets ns that about the poh itu pen of Grovillo. Speaking tho language of tho carlie« poets, I bunts for an intimato acquaintance with some « these "pen-and-ink sketches;" whioh being mads milan; taneously, with all the newest improvements, of aw OraoknttVa department, muet be regular noveltíe» H 7/_.. "Oh, that my à wilie would, publie rîl i» It might contain »ll hi* politieal writings, Kiiin* emanations from tho powerful pen, whioh h ..tone way towardt «ottmg tho world in a bla«e, F!ht And a» for a name, why, » What's in a nam, fl»'be called "Tho Politionl Ueuter," boing a dii rle Politics of Now South Wales, from tho faun ? of the colony to tho and of 18GÜ, oontninod """ri "f galvanio articles contributed to tho Coloi ' br E. Suoh a book must surely " tal P""' "|V ft would differ materially from the usunl i 'îSûlilicài writings, in the faot that every lino would c' _ ¡n itself, without oontoxt or connection j and îr'erity ia the soul of telegraphy tho stories would Hffttivoly curt. »¿ines Irving crossed tho barnoon." «Robertson pulled Speaker's nose." -'? \ "Assembly odjourned." «Robertson did not pull nose. »S,id he would. Ample apology." "Settling went off well. ?? , Sack animations from the pen would furnish a mi ' jational volume. Taking it as a whole, tho speech Ur Greville at Braidwood was quito ono ot the gems il«cresent election. As I before told the candidato, i ouito right to give up tho benighted Liohlamtti "d tack on 10 8 moro urban constituency. I reckon lu îîiopreciatod at Braidwood. ' fha Northumberland folks hovo stuck manfully .-rir text ; and refused to have either Marlin or I «Hil" . Dllt aftor ,n0 "traight "pinion "'oy had given «the chief" at Newcastle, it was pretty cheeky of t , tl,e hanger-on thinking to influence tho ooun woolein their choico of a member.. However, th rellim cold shoulder with trimmings to match ; ai Fithim off with a flea in his ear. I suppose he thong L after East Sydney acoepted a fjolish cry, got up barry all other plaoei would do tho, same. Ho's li bind very well the differonoe, during the nott moiil 5re weeks. Of all men who'have essayod to addrc ddress electors on this groat occasion commend me Sr William Tilt Wilshire. There's no mock modes .boot him,forhogoesin fora Ministerial ofllco rightawoj ul tells tb« Ilawkeshuryitcs thot if they elect him tin Aili have fire hundred a year for their charities out «¡"«crew." That's about all I can understand of li lidrew except that ho's very highly oonnocted, and i fcrthi and tnBfc "° won,t Pay his oleotion expenses if 1 -II and can't if he will ; so, taking all things into coi deration, I don't think tho Hawkesbury people w: die the chance of Ave hundred a year when Mr W.. ^.becomes a Minister, as an equivalent to the certain /haring to eloct him without any expense. It's a gre lür euch aspirants for Legislative honours don't I Lpsrly appreciated just now. Can it ba that tl »lony ia not ripe for the ballot and manhood suffragi ii tue Wost Sydney eleotion drew nigher on »aber BO the proceedings did tho more funnier groi Perkes the mighty, having got over his ownltroubles 1 "a satisfaction, sot to work lightening those of h «lows . «nd so, when a monster mcoting was hold in tl y) of Masonry, ostensibly to hear Betsy, Wearno, an Company, it wes Parkes that did oil tho talking ¡ tl ,Mpels doing tho bowing business and looking oi Mi I take for grantod, as tho ghost leer wos the on] t-juno was reporled in tho Herald ; and wo oil kno ¿elaborately tho Herald got-out of tho mess of nt morling Dalley tho other day. Well, now, if Dalley rKoli, at a meeting where tho candidates had delivere litmie'lves, was unexpected, and. as a natural thoug isfious sequitur unreported also, I fail altogether c fccorering by what reasoning tho only speech of til lifting should be expected from Parkes, at a meetin lilt wasn't him ; or, if it wasn't the only speech of tl, zwng, why should it bo the only ono reported ? Unde ¿«a circumstances-taking tho S. M. S's explanatio h one case, and tho S. M. H's action in nnothc àmcdiatoly following, I nm led to tho belief thc hikes was the only speaker on Wednesday night; the tie meeting was his and not tho company's ; and tho s«t likely tito great statesman supplied a written cop [[his (peech in extenso. Wo live and learn, ovon thoug lite and let livo bo not tho motto ofaomo of the pe'opl n »ot of. One thing in tho favour of Mr Wearne mhappy to see, and that is that, liko M'Carroll, h Meres in cheap Htcraturo, as well as cheap food, where fe) he may well bo railed " tho poor man's friend." jidge tho stuff (sea left, hand cornor, pago 3, S. Jj EiraU, Sec. Ü) must bo cheap, as no doubt all will wh rad it; but as very many people indulge in writin Iii like of it, and precious few make salt to their por âge of it, I'm glad to find ono more patron in th rurkct. Besides, when tho Miller joins the Butcher ii ¡iring the poor a lift, things ought to improve ; but '. I louldn't recommend any poet to undertako the crackiii| I tp of suiii a politician as Woarne ; his day wont bo lon| nough ; and when tho working mon of West Sydnoj nea find hint out, lie's done us dead as a nail, lik collier thunder and lightning politician was who ropre Kited I li om in ono Parliament, and tho next time wa terned up by tho thrca largest constituencies- of workini ctn in tho colony-WeBt Sydney, Balmain, and tin Sinthern Qold-fields. Now, McCarroll's poet has quiti i different prospect before him ; for, so long as M'Currol Eres, M'Carroll will flourish. Him tho working mei iJUever turn their backs on. The leading agitator bte been getting into trouble-notably "Buchanan* i:d "Betsy." In the plenitude of his deligh it being elected for East Sydney, the formel hninary so far forgot to mind his stops u to tackle Dalley ; and found his own speeohei taught to convict him of, at least, having a bad memory, Ii couldn't easily haro fallon foul of a more hard hitting tirersary ; or one who does his hitting with a more lurly good will, or straighter from the shoulder, than Dalley j and so, as a natural consequonce, tho present pirtieuliar pct of East Sydnoy finds "ho is not orery tody." Tho fact is his hoad is rather turned by finding himself where ho never oxpected to bo on the poll. " Poor tld Jeff," too, liss been romancing, letting his tongue run riot ¡ and Ai* memory scorns os defective as that ol tb friend in tho East. Jeff took a quiet rap at the Collector of Customs, to whom ho' had previously Sihaved in a mannor, quito tho opposito ofpolUeful ¡ but urortunately for Jeff, his specc/ies are never unexpected, md io, room is found for them in tho S. M. H. ; and Mr iuuean having read, perks up and gives. his old enemy le lio direct. Jeff and" Buchanan, will both get the wet of those Dights of fanoy ; it they continue to in (algo thom too long. Tho high stalking'h>rso they o>e ming 8o courageously, won't corry duublo for ever j and iib does set up his back, he will easily rid himself of nd a pair of equestrians. I'm sorry I shan't know the ral remit of Newtown oleition, in timo to congratulate nv friend Mr Stephen Brown, on triumphing over the worthy dodges that havo been brought forward in apposition to him. Tho Newtown electors hove every pod and suUiciont roason to bo pleasod '.with/thoir ember, who has served them excellently. woll ; and if t-«e u a manly independent member in tho house, 'Mi next ,t meets, (mind I think there woro several nen in tho last bad lol) that member will bo Stephen win; and Mr Shepherd, if ho was anxious for poetical «¡¡Unction as well as military, might havo found some W«opponent "to flesh his maiden Sword," than BO pv popular a representative as ho of Newtown. Its a ragtime since I rcmombor such bitterness being shewn a he elections of this country, as we seo on all sides pt «t present ; and I hope wo shall never allow another rirliatnent to livo to tho end of more than three years j ''en if tho Triennial Parliaments Bill doesn't como to tu«» hero in time for preventing such scones as the w political campaign gavo rise to. By this day wook, ZA"*'" PIXTT of tlle nominations will be over ; and a pod many important constituencies will have elected Trr.ePf«e»lativc9. Can ony one toll who's up for tho utjdir? It will bo quite a sight for.sore eyes to see 'a 'tentativo of that ultim* thule reclining gracefully Zit TR?EAO I »nd enjoying Dettmau'e Cuisine in -FHBOS °D louP9arw tho now refreshment room. Ore STBEET.-The people of " Our Street" have well V gone mad over tho election, ond some of their «pmçnlativcs intend following suit j if Front do Bcouf T!JWgo from the fuot that a. small, ond fortunately 'V'ßcant miuority in Wynyard Square made a show "opposion to tho Mayor's allowance. They know well i",.?'llmt "lf>7 ''ad no ohance of carrying their point ; T wey mada a show, and gratified their vanity. To ?J "icy the gentlemen who of all others ought to bo rn paid m « Our Street," are tho Speaker of tho Legi«. ^«Aeeembly, and His Worship tho Mayor, if only for Hcondemned to listen to suoh a quantity of "rot." hiri Ving M'L-A's »nd Aldermen don't think of this; Ifen . °1?nirarJ'. fonoy it must bo very delightful n,,,?,0 a11 "'o absurdities they doliver themsolvos of ¿ei ,?i0-Ur,unaoraBBdm!stako! but with thom "ignor ion» »? li .A-monR 1,10 people ono moots in tho world lío \ rla8stIlnt Ilas afforded mo, and continuos still to »lo iMnUucl1 amusement, lt is composed of pooplo '¿%'''M hey w,lk along tho side way of some N them tnke lelfor8 out of their pookols, and f,||. l"°y S°, stopping over mid nnon to con coro Inlian "J °°m? P*'"^ as though tho safety of tho Aua (rw in^íi -P d1e,l)ena°d "Pon it. Thoao gentlemen reside Uini . !" arislocrntio suburbs; and it is when '««oi.:.'II.?I ?wn oIonB HOmo Ihoroughfare, whoso ttouih timi i iRC3UONTED. t,,at suddenly stop, as Cia of 7 lmd IoTßottT tuai' breakfast, and haul a lurch iu!RR0L!?O1DONCO from their Pook°t' After some \a*j Bolect ono, »nd returning thc others S to the place from whynot they mme, commence to read ; j and walk-the latter bm »lowly-until an omnibus hoavily laden with business mon passes by, when anoi her halt is made. These tactios are pursued ¡br some distance until several 'bus loads of citizens havo booomo terribly ¡in proisod with tho importance of tho poripntotic readers. Tho gontlomon I am describing may bo lawyers or doof ors waiting for a practice ¡ but sometimes they are sucking parliamentarians. Would-be M.Ps., rejoicing in all the full blown dignity of their first candidatura ; and of these the importance is something awful. If you'll keep it all to yoursolf, " Front do Bouf ' will toll yon something he saw tho other day in " Our Street." I was on my way into the city from my " crib" at the top of Hoofington Ilill, in ono of the omnibi that travol that road for a tanner, whon my attention was called by a fellow passen- ger, to a gentleman who was walking and reading along the foot-walk. Ile was evidently deeply interested, and ino very oroie» study; and ns the 'bus stopped just opposite to him, he stopped suddenly too, ot gomo most particular sentence; thus giving all tho eixteen "out- siders" tho full benefit of a good look at him. . "Can you toll me, Sir," said my opposite neighbor, " who that gentleman is ?" " That Sir," I replied, " is tho celebra- ted millionaire, Jones-Browne, who is just now creating such a sensation aa candidatstfor the representation of " Briokhurst," in whioh rising and go- ahead town is is possessed of immenso wealth. Ho has but lately rotired, after realising a colossal fortune at Briokhurst; and now honors us by taking a villa at Hoofington. " Quoth my ' friend, " hisdooks denote him a man of mark, in his own as well as others, estimation. Am I right, Sir ?" Of courso I said he was. How could I help it when every ono of tho Jones Browne school is in his own opinion a great mau ? \Tust thon tho " bus" moved on ; and so of courso did Jones-Browne ; and my companion and I got upon some other topic ; but doubtless tho elec- tors of Briokhurst had just sent their candidate somo highly important lotters ; on his perusal of which, ot that partioulur period of time his return to the Assembly most probably depends. Did you ever see,Jonea-Browno ? Well, my travelling comp inion hit him off to a nicety; for ho does think'no small beer of his-self. It's a precious good thing we're not at war with "Eoossia" just now; for if wo were, I should have thought tho other day, there was a dangerous conspiracy on foot ; when I saw tho well-known C'iùnt Thingummy-bob in earnest conversation with a young fellow, on the vacant ground near the Bide Range. His countship had evi- dently very important affairs on hand ¡ as he explained them with much empressement to his companion, who, I thought, didn't scorn to core much about joining in what- ever might be the subject matter of the Count's revol- utions. Neither did tho plaoo seem suited for any dire conspiracy ; for, though tho " Count" pointed in tho most martial style across the country towards Randwick, when ho and his companion had walked all alongside the Barrack wall, from tho Waverley Road to the new road at bottom of the hill, they suddenly retraced their steps ; and did what tho celebrated King of France is said to have done; only they went down the hill first. It's some time since I gave the Police a hint about cer- tain little Sunday arrangements on tho Rifle'Ground; and now, if they look out sharp, I shouldn't be a bit as- tonished at a jolly good conspiracy being discovered. All that unoccupied country is splendid for tlioconcoclion of secret schemes ; and if the great Yon Atteins hadn't suooeeded in tho City, he'd have bojn at something in those unfrequented nooks, I'll be bound. It's to be hoped thoso foreigneering Counts will bring tiioi accomplices with them ; and not try to corrupt th young follows who lire hard by. In this latter oaso w (?hall havo to take tho law into our own hands ; and I'l guarrantoo his highness such a quilting as never before fell to his rospoctablo lot. Taka my word, for it, he'd prefer the knout. I was quito pleased with tho way in whioh MrThomp son finished off his duties as Returning Officer for East Sydney. Had ho deolarcd the poll on UVidiy night, whon all tint crowd was collected after dark in front of tho hustings, there would surely have been broken heads, if not something uiuoh worso, and ho did wisely and well to prevent such a'casualty, by deferring to sound' what would have boen tho key noto until the morning Thoro was no danger then. Under such circumstances there seldom is ; for, whon people have boen roysteting all night, they ore seedy and sleepy, and quiet enough in the morning. Tho Martin and Parkes supporters wore about the streets till all hours ; and the quiet folks who joined not in thc fun (?), and wished it all at thed-1, were kept awako moro than half tho night, by tho band which tho fanatics had chartered to bo a nuisance to " Our Street." Tho Mnokiulay caso is over at last, as far as the trials and soutenons go ; but as some points of law aro still reserved, I «upposo I dare not romark upon tho circum- stances. There can be no harm, ho wo vcr, in saying that Denis Mackinlay, Rogers, and O'Brion have been sen- tenced to fivo years imprisonment, each ; and Patrick Mackinlay mid Shaw to two yoars. The last mmod coming off best, as ho was found guilty of two separate offences; for only ono of whioh Patrick Mackinlay was tried. Bourke is admittod to bail to appear at the next sitting which take place in February.' Did you ever remark what disreputable looking ruffians some of tho'bus-hoys aro? I can tell you there are plenty as bad as they look. Tho language they make use of is something to listen to, and bo frightened ot; and I not seldom rejoice thoro aro no ladies whon I hear tho young dogs holding forth. I know tho Wynjord Square authorities only want a complaint, to come down hot and heavy upon tho offenders ; and if there is'nt amendment before long, there's quite likely to bo a more* mont mado in moro than ono direction. However, I will say no more at present; for I'm glad, to say thu majority nro very good boys. The bad ones I allude lo aro only a few exceptions. Though caring little for the electoral business, I am often amused at things I see; and so I was the other day, when Doctor Lang, that celebrated relio of the olden time, being sadly scandalised, and bitterly indig- nant at tho conduct of Mr Buchanan, of whom he would havo mode a protégé, turned him up in disgust, and in his placo took tho Promior. Whatever made him take to Mr Buchanan in tho first instance I couldn't under- stand. ' Youuiuy depend it is lotfg sinco " Our Street" has seen Buch cxciloment as during these oleeliona for the two divisions of tho eily ¡ and of course there have been plentiful rows, which after all have done very slight arm to onvono. 'lhere has boon much leia money spent than heretofore ovor such matters ; because, as a matter of plain, though disagreeable fact, there is now less money tliun herotofore to spend, That's ono reason ; and another is that tho time has boon shorter thin usu.l -a prudent provision of the Premier; but of what little available capital has boen put in circulation some cab- men, tho no.wap i pc ri,.and a few publicans have hid thu greatest charo.. Front de Bouf hears with sorrow that the expenses of Purke9 and Buchanan (including hird of bond to play befuro Martin) have been ruinous, lt's to bo hoped not ; seeing that impecuniositg is a deuced bad companion in Parliament ; and there's not likely to bo. any Two Thousand a year for Parkos, in the next year or two, or payment of Members for his colleague. Mar- lin cares for nono of these things, ho has beon long well off; and is likely so to romain. By tho byo, do you know wo're just got gas out in the back streets of Hoof- ington : and a great-comfort it is ; though tho lightning did considerable mischief on Barrack hill, on Wednes- day evening, and having struck tho gas pipes, nearly set The Britannia Hotel on fire. Tho lamps in the new streets give a lino light ; and somo building is going on alroady on thu allotments not long since siuco sold, between RogcntStreet, and tho now Park Road; whore of courso there is ono "Ronny" atroot. It's quite a rising suburb in Hoofington ; though Artlett of that ilk does ho no longer MAKE. I wanted to writo about Agricultural, and Flowers, and Curry Powder, _ and Serioulturo, and Salmon Peel, and all thom sort of things ; but tho Elections havo regularly obfuscated mo, and I can't think of anything Ï ought to bo at, Exouso haBto. -FltONT DB BlKOF. 