"' fUiioo.-A correspondent «rites on Octob.r etb. Our machine has just finished 48 tom of sfono, (fromBun ney'B Rock He. f, some e-fght milos fr,,m hero), wbto'i waa retorted last evening (Tuwdny), and resulted m ovor 70 m. ofuold orUoz. toihetonpiijiiblo. Hawkins and pirly, Nil 2 li rue lad, cr.niiimo touet some first-class projp.ois. A. few d.ivBiigotliiyciushcd 3J lbs. sti.ne, which resulted in 4ctt 8 tiwi», mida few cinins. Last Saturday they washed «cine nibble', und obtained over 2 <z, Tho prospect- ing chum Iror.olad is the mxt on tho list for crustitii,r. it is first-rate slime, and n-itirnt,d i OÍ. 15 dwis. Iho liiBt crushing, 'ibero is ii 'tumour of another machino from Grenfell. Paikcr's 26-ftniiip>ir, coming up to Cargo. Also Mr. Wall, J.P., haï «tiered to oruot a niaohino boro on a certain guaianfo.'. Wo havo ha I a very heavy full of Tnin foi two dujs and two nights, and squally at present. GltAZlKO PltObl'BCTS TO TUB NoltTir-WBST.-Tho prospects of Ibo squatting «itèrent in tbo north-west (mya Ibu Dubbo Dispatch ot Satuidii)) aio at present very jromisiug, as foras ,llu wiwun is concerned. Gr.ws and water aie ever) where abundant ;.fbo holes and billabongs, tho dams mid oilier nitifle- ial i-oiiservatura are fl!l«d to over- flowing. On tho Dirling along tho Macquarie, Ltivvor Bocal', fli"i Custleieiigh, BB well as in tho immediate viemiiyof Dubbo, the minto «fnfo of tht'ngfl oxiat. Liât Friday, two hours of Iho heaviest rain over known there, fell at Bout ko ; and we further hw that the downpour of luesdayand Wednesday extmded ulong the Miicquuio, end Bi gun to the junction of tho hitter with tho Darling. In the balk country there havo also been gouiul rains, «hieb biivo freshened up (ho grass and herbage, und pro vidid a gi" d supply of water for the summer. THE PKE-LMI'TIVE QuESTiON-.-It ia stated in tho 3totw>o Meuuiu that-"Acaso wai laat woek brought undereiln-orviition whiih includes the important qiiistion so often tiskid and so longn.gl-cted by Iho Government, viz, eau a piiBin tiko up a conditional purch*so on uno mu and l.uvo his pio-emptivo loiiBe on tho a Ijoining. Tho question is ouo of sue-h iniporianco OB to j tatify UB in re terring to it in- fully us coUBist. nt with tho intorusts of tho parties cineeneel. The caso stands thus: -On uilj-inieg runs belonging to A and B (VquattcrB) C (frtso Belootur) fakes up 320 acres on B'B run; C applies for his pio empiivc, which is granted and taktmon A'« run, ii creek forming a permanent boundary. B informs C that in con si quenco of his having taken his conditional purchase on ono run and hi« pre-, mplivo lease on tho aeijoining he (C) bus no right to thn pro-eniptive, and B instructs his shephirel to run 20UO sheep over it. Tho quo-ition is, there-fore, do the land law« warrant tho squatter in so deiing, or do they warrant or justify tho Goverbmcnt in receiving rent for tho sanio block of Innd fmni tho squatter and Ibu freo selector ? It is nonsense to imagino i hat such can be tho intention of tho Land Aols, and )et it is known tho Government receive doublo pajuil nt for tbo land, thereby causing much annoy »nec, if not litigation. On this particulir point wo are in- formell b) a gentleman recently returned from Sydnoy that, whilst transuding some business in the Lind und öurvoy Department", ho made BOIUO inquiries, and was informed that inniuciiuni- had boen issued by tho Government not to grant a prc-iiiiptivo lease in such cases as tho present, and further ihut those who held such leases w<.ro Hablo to loso them at any umuieiit. But tbeso instructions have not been conve)ed to iho public through tho propor ohannol-thi-y lave not been (iiuittid as having received tho «unction of tho Exeeutiv. Ct uncil and tho Governor, they aro conse- quent!) p.rf.i'lly valueless. Thero ia no point in tho Land Laws wl.ieh rpquire-B so much attention and delicate hand- ling as Ibis mullir of tbo pro-oniptive, and it must bo ad- mitted ibat Disputes of tho naturo above mentioned aro bee- eniing more frequent, and demand tho immodiato con liJeialn n of the Government." TUB PuisiiYTEiiiAN Ciiwncir, WAGOA WAGGA.-The foundau'en stone of tho obovo church was laid on Wednes- day last by Sir Alfr.d Stephon, on which occasion ho road tho following address to the Hov. Mr. Craig, and the Building Cunnii tee:-"I havo thought that a fow words might be ex pi cled from mo on this occasion ; und tbero ferehnvo fell it to bo dot-irublo, if nut moro respsotful to yourselves, to consider beforehand what would be most lilting for mo to tay, and lo give expression to my feelings and thoughts in ii written address, rather than by spokon words rneii'ly. In the fir-t place, while returning you my acknowlidgiiicnisfortbehunnir dono mo, of which no man onn be more siusible, 1 owo it to myself to confess my eleep consriiiti'-uiis, personally, how unwoithy I am to occupy tho position assigned to rae; and to declaro frankly, thit fur that reason and others I should havo preferred to de- cline it, if 1 had-ull things considerad-felt myself at liberty to do so. I huvo_ rarely taken part, at any time, ia a purely religious ceremonial. But, remembering tho ninny yoars during which I have, how- ever imperte'.tly, dis.-harged tho duties of Chief Migis. trate, mid the conneetinn that existe between theso and tho more »nend functions of tho clergy, of evpry denomination, I felt that the call triado upon me, whether as ii Judga or as a colonist tit the head of a largo family of colonists, could not willi propriety bo rofusod. I am glad, at lour, of (ho opportunity lilford! d mo, as a mouibcr of the Church of Engb.nd, (if publicly recognising, or rather of claiming, cordial fellowship with our Sister Church, and of heartily wishirg for ber ministers, everywhere, tho accomplish- ment under God of thn largest measure st sucoess, in thuir holy mission. In this 1 speak unreservedly, and behove that 1 may do so equally for tho great majority in our communion. In avowing this »a my feeling, shared in by to many othirs, let mo udd that I oxtond it, for n,y own patt, much further. There is sctrcoly one Protestant den. uiinati'in to which I could nut give readily tho right hind of fellowship, and heartily hupe it God speed. The older I grow, the loss I am dirpimd to r-gard d-iguw, and Eoilesiastical systems ; ?while the mnri'I tun persuaded of tho value, tho odie icy and p. wer, of iho e.-Stntiiils of oui- common faith. It ia inqossiblo fur up,'being Protestmts, to regard with oqual favt.ur tbo miuinl rat iona of our It .mun Catholic brothron. "We wi-iidoi how nny man, once blessed with that which alone is to us truih and light, skuuld evor becomo a roToaut fioni it. But neither charity nor wi-ulom Í3 exhibited, wbafever the strength of our convictions, in donouueing vnh teoturiim vel.emeuco the doctrines «.r aystom from "which we dissent ; ON if wo nluno were necessaiily infallible, or nothing alien could bo looked at except from our own . point of v-ew-, It in no1 calm discusión that ia doprocited. But that reliiiii-n is the must purp, which is the most peaco JiUo. And brotheity love, and kindly fueling, the personal friendships, between those of faiths the most wieioly op- posed, are quilo compatible with the most ardent bvo of tnilh. Tho only tbinirs against which wo ahjuld amy ourttlves, nnd with which we may lawfully wage incessant war, aro vi.o and crime. And in Ihm wide liold, each in hiBovmsi.bereof labour, tho minister of roi ii;ion and tho Judge fqjht under tho same banner, against cjinmon enemies. Bul to m. is assigned tho less imp- irtsnt function. The laws prescribí fur ourcriiiiinila punUhment only. Wo h|i\o no rewards to offer ; no higher iuconiivo or motive to piacofutnet-s und b< n-tty tü«u Oto escapo from prosecution, and from tbo stiff.ling consequent on conviotion in tho courts. It is (hua that wa seek to retrain others of tho ill dispos«), îniipient swindlers, and eiltle stealers, and bushranger!- from following a dangerous ox »mplo To tho clergy, on tho contrary, belongs toe moro gri.tifnl task, of presenting influences and censideratinii« the highest, and holiest, and most enduring. It is theirs to reclaim Irom ovil by operating oa tMcoiiK-ifnre; f.i nip crimointho bud, by teaching that on Almighty and Omniscient Being sees and will assure Hy punish it; t" turreet hin, by hulding up to men tho B.blo, with its consoling hopes and awful sanulinna ; to load thom, from youth upward*, to i-ontempl ito the happiness of a. glorious immortality- oud so to prevent wrongdoing, hy an «ll:pervaeling sensu of ila hntefulno-s ia the sight of God. It is my earnest lu po that, in I he house of which wo have to-day laid the foundation, tbo (¡rent truth» of that Book; jn«y bo so displayed «nd p-.fore-.d, na to"lead thoso w"ho' hear lo tiiil,r.,.p ihiiu, to their welfa.ro temporal and' eternal ; and thus lint the work now begun nny. year nftor , jenr, large)) contribute to flin peace und good order, tho prosperity and bnppin. ss, of ibis town and neighbourhood." ' RIVER NAVIGATION.- "Vba Albury limitier ob erves:-¡ inr.BteaiiihenUliavohad'îïirvêly/thueof it during the last *it'k, unce iho river k'gan to rise.' The Waradgery arrived oa Sunday, 3rd instant, and left again on tbo fol- lowing day. Thn Corowa urriwd on Tuesday, bringing 60 tons of cai|>o. She left ou her diiwnward'paBsago <m Thurs oay moriiii-p, about 6 o'il,i-k, taking ii cargo of bran, pol wd, and wine. 'ibeCiir«w.i su.ppod at Howlonir, and there comp'eted her full c-irgo hy taking in a cimsMorablo quBniity of fleur. 1 h.. rive-r has risen rapidly during the ¡¡ist wcik-ii wa« at 5 f^et 8 in.'heB last Saturday, 10 Foot 8 io r".°^ 1.UOs(,">'i 1* f<H t »n ThursditV, on f?r'idly it was A ic5 z"lmhtH. Tho Wodonga lliw ure, of oourso, UoorJrd. Ham bus fallen off and on for the 1 ist vvook. nfTK Z, T/,uu> w TiiAviiLLiNfi.-Tho Gundagai Timei " j , r"y b,,J s :~ 'I ho rro-nt be'avy rain ami eonsequont iif'oaed state of the i ivers «nd nro-ka in tbesadistriots has ncrly mused BOIIIC s. noua aceidpntn. On Friday last, as ms,Wuipnynuaherfiithtjri Mr Rb(irt Rlluy(){ 0ttndll. F"i, vero (¡emig to Tumut on horseback, in cro3-.mg tho wiiuioro CHitscway her horse tripped againBt the eulvertand Jill, throwing her int.. the deep water. In lulling her habit wcnnio oiitai^lcd m (ho h..ru of h^r saddle, mid being torn <» » M etTif!,d out on ,ho wator ari,i ktPl Uor ,lfl 'lt- M0'1" dù mi, ? y U!|;<i'1 hU n"rK0 !ul" tll<J atr«i"n f<> his ugmcr_BMi*iptliiJoi.1 and havtug sucoeeded in i-xtrioiting ier.u.nimimd b,lt 'horiuchly drenched, thopvir pursuid w ai journey |0 Tumut. Wo have also hmrd lhal.ii -nu of di ¿I S . ' P' M.- H"lb"rt i-iime t.. grioi and hvd hU hor=o otowncd in a creek mar Kimo. oiínnL"f1v\" llíPE LliiitAviES.-In alluding to tho In,? I?» J1",1'106, lAhnny< vn* l,lu «preston of a hopo laehl.1 -MDk m,ü " ^nwilJonal Novel Libr.iry, tho vrlZj!'!0''"** VPcn ,0 f»>' =-" Wo BP««k 'h'» fwn WnnúrAin'U,I,lr th',r,,c£"r <h'lt %'"*<"> the yearly Dart "í .1i ° " 5Pftr' I,""° or XT* °'oh- ,hit tlla «»W Vütksnf (HI? T",8 '¡.re "c,n'l"y e'»e'°>°<l i» purcha,i.iR of 1 ? " i Ul0D' v)uib '" nwr'y Pv,;ry '»se fon« tiT «taole aid W.n» . V'i* * Meroin somothinK remark iblo in Statà ttntter ñf 1 ' '" V'" '*"' ih"t" '" "*""»"? K""'M «» a Mlr.>ml , >,1,'l('I1K (,Iie 0f tho t?"ud thl"¿8 Which a Painui govcniriicnt is Uuud to supply the poupin.» (S.lslhn'/V1/ TU TASMANIAN SALMON. - TaS.nMÍ IM Talirsfff íh Jn ll""ïl,'ïl1 lho "»'«»''o salmon in the « unlfu,,, Arwuiii ,h,,t ,hn n xt »"«* thing tri tu» t 'J ,h. ,h.ü *»»<"* ,hu critl,t «f »'»vi«,' «lonu BJ Our «hi-fläS'Ä't ",l *i; '"v'!.,,t le,8?-,iMter Fr"'" 'I» Ear" rù ."' bj,lnïï w'y,Pr Ni'1"' f ".'",' B**ii»my 'Hoiersl .V'lm*r';.«111 »"f''lv »car (hit int.rpratU.MU <« í >,, , Ï ."'c"n ,"r 'li"G''v"..T', mhl«, mil -ítMIl ' L.*" -- I III 1,110 l,n,." 'lim HEY. M«. COOMUEU.-Tho Dubbo Dispatch undor sfiineis that the Bish<pof Sjdney has allowed tbo liov Mr. Cr ombes, incumbent of Triui(y Parish, Dubbo, two yoara' lenvo of aburre. Iho leavo vvaB granted on. aroiunt of severe eflliction in (bo rov. gentleman's f.uiiily in England, lind lhe term of j i ara having oxpired for which hu accepted duty in the. col. ny. ANiniitu GHOST.-AVorcgret (o «tato (sayB tho Giinda /¡pi lunts), Ibu) Iho buovip which used to hvo in i. pool in the Wmriinibidgip, nonr'Gumliigiii, beoms io havo quitted IIÍB old quarters; but wa learn that a gbo-t hm oomo to dv. tJl njnoiig^l us, possibly IIB compensation for the nbovo li.sp. AVo oiinnut ns jet indicate the spcolio'n reinidonco, if it has onp ; but (ho culvi rfc familiarly termed Bonnett's Polly, en the sideling of Mount Pimnssue, seems ono of its haunts, na wo havo boen infoimod that cn Sunday evening last a gentlemun rocilonl in i;ur locality who vvus riding past this spot waa tliera con frunted by tho supeinatuial visitant. It roso apparently fixni under tho culvert, tall, shadowy, aud with a livid phoi-phoiio light playing about it, such as a b id il-di hung ina daik pim o exhibit*. As tho ahupo appriiioliorl tho sUrllcd stted reared, and tho rider's hair stu id on end ; but the apparition siemid topnas under tho hor,3, and dis- appeared with a fi.inr hollow-sound, like a dififant dying groan. AA'o need not say that the hnrsoman mado all haste» to qui( (he spot j but wo may add that anothor pu ty avors thut ho bas seen this speen o in (ho sumo place, that it passed him by like a flash of Oro, and that ho thought his whisker« were singed oir by it. So far thin i < satisfactory ; every placo ought lobe celibraied fbrsomotbi'irr, and a woll authenticated local ghost would idd considerably to our township's reputaHon. THE SÍU'ATTINCJ CASH AOAIVST THK QUEENSLAND GOVKIIKMENT-Tho hcuring ..I this important casjoiu 11 enced on AVednesday, the 2!)th ultimo, at Rockhampton, rtferc Mr. Justice Lnlwylie, and n (pedal jury. Thin vins nn action by plaintiff ngninst fbo Government, for damages, for refusing tn grant Min leases of certain portions of conntiy, und for having granted leases of tbo same r untiy to others, of one portion to Manson, Fra/.ar, and Richards, and of unofher portion lo Moriarty and Watt. '1 ho defrndnnt pleaded n general i<-iiiio tn all tho allegations. H appeared iii t one Jumes Leith Hay had teni'orud for block« of counliynimed Ludwig, Dumb, and Kilmore, in tho SpringRiire dislriet, then a poitionof Now South Wales; that Mr. Wiseman, Commishionor of Crown Lands, Bent ia nnundtd dofcriptions of this country in 1860 ; that tho tenders were accepted ; (hu country comprised an aroa of (vventy-fivo square miles, and oxlondcd fioni Spring- sure Creek to Minerva Creek ; that subsequently Huy transferred all his righi and litio to this country (o (ho plninlift, viho look possesvion of it, and held it until 1806, and hnd spent money on it, and dono nil things necessary for its cccupatiun ; thit tho Government refused to gr"ut him lenses, and granlod the i to otbor«, of one portion to Fraser, Manson, and Richards, and of mother portion to Moriarty nnd Witt ; that plain- tiff had received notieo from Rich irds that his sheep would bo impounded if bo uid not remove* thuin from the country wilhin forty-eight honra ; that he was forced in con si qnenco (o rcmoTO bia sheep fiom the runs, (o bia great Iocs. Ho estimated his loss, by tho Government refusing to grant him leases, and by his being obligedlo abandon the country, at n. t )r>s than £25,000, nnd cliimod £30,000. Tho beniog of ovidenco relating principally to tho locality and boundaries of tbo land in dispute, anil to various documents, was gone into, and continued during six davs. On Tuesday the cuso concluded, a verdict being obtained by tho plaintiff for £16,920. THE MKLIIOUKNE CUP.-The Affe of Tuesday says : There VVBB a gieat rush last week to see Muuuka, and tho general impression is favourable to tho horse, but unfavour- able us regards his chanco for the cup. Ho is unquestion- ably a magnificent animal, but ho is too backward in his condition to hopo to win tho Cup with Ost. 4 lb. on his back; and that, thero is reason (o beliovo, is his trainer's cpinion. 100 to 8 can begot oguinat him, and nothing but tbo power nnd force of money will drive him up to a shorn r piico. Circassion is a firm first favouiito at 4 lei 1, and is expccled over hero next week. Traverton looks a good handicap horso, and, an far ae appearances go, is a dangerous lival at tho weights ; but knowing men stand oif him, nnd hois rarely backed, though ß to 1 ein bagot. Sheet Anchor is (lim at 10 to 1. AVarrior is, howovcr, not in fuvour, and the public do not tako 12 to 1. Salem Scudder remains stationary in (ho market, but Strop has risen to 100 to 5, taken; 500tio 20 was laid to his trainer, Sam Haynes, but 100 to 5 is the price elsewhere. Kestrel was niso to bo backed at 200 to 5 to win £3000. For the Derby, Charon is now first favourito at 2 to 1. Lamp lighlir is reprrled amiss-said (o bo cold and strangles and bis tinbin companion (Kestrel) was backed at 100 to 15. The Pop is now and then operated on at 4 to 1, which is the moat now obtained about him. MR. TOWLEK'S OVERLAND TELEOUAI'U SCHEME. Mr. Towler IIOB received the following letter from tho Government of AVestern Australia (says the S. A. Register) regarding his préposai for a gunrantio of intorost on a (.di- graph lino via thci Sound and Nnrth-AVcst Capa to Java: - '.Peith, AVeslern Australia, September 14, 1S69. Sir-I havo received your noto of August, btating that you had au interview with his Excellency Governor AVeld respecting (he proposed telegrnphic communication with Europe vin AVi stern Australia, nnd that his Excellency waa the bearer of official documents containing a request for a guiranloo. I can only Bay at present that there is a strong feeling in favour of the proposed line, and that I do not apprehend any opposition to the proposed guarantoo, or to tho sugges- tion that thib colony should place itself in communication with, tbo several Governments requesting their co-opera- tion in Iho AVestcrn route. Tho foregoing is however, but my individual opinion ; by next mail 1 may bo in a position to write moro definitely on the subject. lam, Sir, Arc. "ÍHED. P. BAULEE. "AV. B. Towler,Esq." HosriTAL ron THE IN-SAXE, GLADESVILLE. - On AVednesday laBt a concert look placo nt this instituiion, in one of tho largo dormitories which had been cleared and rtecornted for tho occisión. Iho vocalists were-Miss AVisemnn and Miss Vernon, and Messrs. Fibber, Hall, and ( handler. Mr. Packer presided at, and played a solo on, the pianoforte; Mr. Hall played two solos on tho flute, and Mr. Sinclair gavo two very tolling recitations. The following programmo was listened to with marked atten- tion by on audience of about 250, composed mainly of the puliente in tho hospital, and tho frequent bursts of applause showed their appreciation of the treat provided for them. Programmo: Gleo-" Tho Chough and Crow;" ballad-" Tho Beacon thut lights mo homo," Mr. FiîUor ; song-" Lovo's Request," Mis-, Aremoti ; gloa-"Hirk, Apollo;" song - "Tho AA'inler Night, Mr. Hill; recitation - "Tho Brigadier-General," Mr. Sinclair; solo, flute, Mr. Hare; »glco-" Come, thou Moa ireh of tho Vine ;" song-" l'ho AA'ood Nympa's dill," Miss Wiseman ; part eons-" Tho Last ROJO of Summer;" ballad-"Tell me, Miry, how to woo lhee," Mr. Fisher; solo pianororto-rMr. Paiker; glee-"Tho windB -whistle cold;" song-'. Home, sweet herne," Miss Vernon; trio-" May Queen," Miss AVisa man, and Messrs. Fisher and Hall ; sea song-" Poor Jack Blown," Mr. Hull; patt song-"The Retreat;" solo, ilute, Mr. Hare ; recitation-" The Kilkenny Posti," Mr. Sinclair ; song-" Merrily over tho snow," Miss Wisotuan; glee-"Mjnheer van Dunck;" finale-" Go4 save tho Queen." Tho proceedings terminated by threo hearty cheers for the ladies and gentlemen who so kin Hy givo thi ir sorvices on the occasion. On Friday, September '2lrh, tho Rev. Christian Coilotlo, of Ashfield, assisted by Mr. Woods, exhibited u colleen ni of views, uni comic nnd other pictures, by nid of tho magic lantern, with the oxy -calcium light, to a lalgp numbor of the patients. The following denations fur the uruuaemrnt of the putionta huvo bein received by Dr. Manning:-3 omui, Acili nuitisalion Syeioty, tier Mr. C. Mooro ; 9 parrots, Mr. Jumes E. Burdell; ,1 rabbit«, Mr. J. E. Manning; 2 pot sheep, 1 opossum, Mr. J. A. Munn; 1 pot limb, Mr. W. Smith ; plante, shiube, &c;, tho Hon. E. Deas Thomson, C li., Sir AVilliaiu M. Manning, Mr. Thomas Mort, Mrs. Buchanan; nvignzines, illustrated and other piper?, (a lmgo collection) St. Leonards' School of Arts per Mr. C. II. Woolcott, Committed of Handing Club of 50th Regiment, per Lieutenant Harker, (.3 ¿imitions) Messrs. J. Fairfax and Sons. Mr. AVilliam Maddock ; " Illas r ited Lrn'don News" complete from 1852 to 186S, Mr. II. H. Kater; book-', &c;, tho Rov. Mr Bayly, Hunter's Hill; Stott'H Works, illustrated and other pupciH, Mrs. Allen, Parramatta; illustrated and othei papers, Lady Mniniag, Mrs. Edye Manning, Mrs. Andrew Lenehan, Mr. Edward S. Hill, (ho Honorablo J. Docker, Mr. Stewart Mulray, - Mr. J. CurÜB, Mr. Ernest O. Smith (a monthly donnlion), II. A. B., Mest», Broadhurst and Greenhill, Mr. Dodds, Mr. Bernard M'Laughlsn. Mr. J. M'Dounll, bl sides ssv oral anonymous di nations, Tho proprietors of the following no'.vspapers hu ve kindly consented to supply gratis a copy of each isfue: " Burrangong Argi's," " Bal hurst Times," "Bath- urst Freo Press," '. Cuinbcrlnnd Times," " Cluroucn and Richmond Examiner," *'Dnbbo Di-patch," "Deniliquin Chronicle," " Goulburn Herald and Chroniclo,". " Grafton Observer," " Illawarra Mercury," "Kiama Independent,1' "Kiama Pilot," «'Lachlan Reporter," " Moruya Tula- gi t.ph," " Mudgeo I.ib*r*l," " Maitland Mercury," " Monaro Mercury," " Newcastle Pilot," " Nowoistlo Chroniclo," .' Queanbeyan Age," " Southern Argus," (Goulburn), " Wagga Wagga Advertiser," " Wagga Wogga Express," " AVostern Examiner," (Orango), " Vasa Couru r." . TUB PitiNCB OP AVALES OFKUA nousB.-LaRt, evening tho members of tbo Ministry and the Mayor of Sy.lupy iir1cofi,niscd iho spirited effe.rfs of tbo les?eon to revive tho legitimate, di nma by patronising (ho porform&nco; of " Tho Tempest.. The arl in io manner in which (ho play baa b-eu riodueid, tho nuignMlrence of its Boonery and irccliunirnl effrite, and »ho exeol'est manner iu which ifc is pl'tjed kaw b'pn already notieeri, ft i* in all re'spi ela the most complet« Snakesperinn produrtion soi-n on the Sjdiiev singo It maj bo th mght tint bee .uso a Brocke or ii'Kenn doe'« not pli.y tbn hading hu'ioeas th.-M- ' foro ii is no1 plavod < ffretiviilv ; but nil who luivo witnnssnd it ltr.ow hoy? f.ilb'i'ie.us such an iden is. An oven cist, when nil eñgiii-cd in it aro competent lo sustain thi>ir part», without one throwing ull tbo others in the shadn, is fir more' conducive to tho proper r< presentation of n pi iv than whnt ia termed " star business," in which ovorvthiiiir is rae i ificed tu give prominence to ono character. Paw pi ' 'a havo bcpn so ifleotivoly suppoitod hcio IIH ''The Tempest." Mr. Hoikins's Prospero would do avdit to my slape, omi moat of (ho other parte i io itrlinii«lily pufoimi'd. Lust nu lit tho Blay was loudly «nd din'ivuily npi'linu'oii, nnd tho nfttrpi. CB, in whioh Mr. C. Yoiirp, Miss CVlville, Miss Caioy, Messrs. Audrows, Hiilluwav, and Rrtinfoid su tained the pir «, went off vory t lenniritlj. C.ipiiiin Brownrige a- d tim uffircru . f II.M S. C1 ;.)!< rif!« r pitlni iVo "Tim Tempo t" on U'clufci iy . v.i.iig, mil it will only bp pim ed for fwi. f»*! ht-ificr . »inn,, nu 1v1JM_.ri' v. li.ii 1 ei M,rn'!P " « min ,,o . Q"II| ,,n 