GRANDMOTHER'S STORY : THE GREAT SNOW. It had bean snowing all day, and when futher came in at dark lie said that tho wind was rising, and the stofm gathering power every moment, and that before morning all the roads would be fast locked. Grandmother put by her knitting ot father's words, and rose and walked feebly to the window, where she stood a long time looking out at the death-white waste, shut in by the morose, ominous sky. Then, tnrning slowly, her faco alight and beautiful with that beauty which is fairer than youth, she said, " It puts me in mind of the Great Snow, Ephraim — it puts me in mind of a good many things 1 " Then she came back to the fire, and sat down again in her corner. Memory was stirring, the past unfolding its scroll. The knitting- work fell unheeded from the cold, trembling fingers. Sbe was a girl again, and the story of that far-off girlhood fell softly on the evening silence. I was only eighteen years old, Ephraim, when your grandmother moved down from the new State. I had lived up there in the wilderness all my life ; and I was shy as a wild rabbit, and, in my own fashion, proud. Father was poor in those days, for there were six of us children to feed and clothe, and mother was delicato and often ill ; so we moved into a low one-storey bouse, that was old too, as well as small ; but as we had always lived in a log house, and this was a frame one, we were more than satisfied. Wo did not mind if the snow blew in at the cracks in the roof, and nestled in little drifts on the counter- pane for we were used to it. I remember that one bright star always peeped down at me in the winter through the open spaces between the boards, and shone so calm and clear that I used to fancy it was God's home, and somehow my prayers seemed surer of getting to him when I said them in the pure light of this star. But that was whilo we were in tho new State. When we moved down country, I was a grown up girl, able to tarn my hand to any chore about the house ; and I went to meeting in meeting-houso at the corner, aud had got ov\sr my childish notions. Elder Crane was a very pious man, and he always preached long sermons and made long prayers. The sermons were easier to bear than tho prayers, for the people sat through tho ser mon ; but if you had sat down during the prayer, you would have been thought dreadfully wicked, and the Elder might have called your name right out the next Sabbath, and prayed for you as a poor sinner whom Satan was tempting. And so you stood up, of couise, though the children sometimes got asleep and fell down, and often the girls used to faint away and be carried out. Semantha Lee did, at one time, almost as re gularly as the Sabbath came round, until at last a church committee was sent to labour with her. But Semantha was a very free-spoken girl, and she said some hard things against Elder Crane's prayers. I always thought that it was more her corsets than the length of the prayers. I never fainted ; for up in the new State I had run wna in tue wooes, ana, tnougn L was a frail thing to look at, I hud a deal of strength in me. But my thoughts rambled a great deal too often ; and sometimes I doubted if I was as near God in Elder Crane's church as I used to be lying on my bed in the chamber of the log_ house, and Baying ray prayers to the bright star that looked down so friendly. I asked mother about it one day, and she said that surely God was about us everywhere ; but she added that the church was the appointed means of grace, and that I must follow Elder Crane closely, and try to make my heart fell the words. I did try, but there was so much about the Israelites in the house of bond age, and Moses, and the saciilices, that do what I would I always lost myself in the Red Sea, and the chosen people entered the promised laud without me. At sucli times, when my thoughts went watulering,- my eyes, following them, and most frequently they went right over to Mr Jacob Allen's pew. I could not well help it, for his pew was a wall pew, directly opposite ours. Mr Allen seldom came to the meeting, being old and rheumatic, but his wife and girls came, and his son Ephraim. At first I noticed Ephraim Allen just as I did the cobwebs upon the walls, and the yellow streaks in the wainscoting; afterwards I began to see what a fine figure he bad — a whole head above his companions — and how broad shoulder ed and erect and manly he was ; the narrow- backed, shortwaisled coat, that made the rest look so pinched and uncomfortable, sat gracefully and easily upon him. IIo hail a wide, white forehead — though I did not notice this for a long time — and short curly hair, that looked very black beside the fair skin. Then his cheeks were as bright as a rose, and his eyes — but I seldom got so far as his eyes, because by some chance they always met mine, nnd then I was much confused and ashamed. But always, in going out of- meeting, he used to bow to mo in passing, and say, " Good morning, Mercy;" and then I saw that his eyes were a clear, dark blue, and I thought they wero very honest, tender ones. They said that Semnotha Lee had been salting her cap at him a good while, and I wondered if ho liked her. This was all the acquaintance we had for two years and more. There was not much chance for young people to meet in those days, especially where they were strictly brought up, as I was; for father and mother were both very pious, and at that time church-members thought it was sin ful to join in the profane amusements of the world. So when an invitation came for me to a husking- frolic, or a paring bee, or a dance, I was not allowed to go. I was shy, as I told you, but I had a girl's natural longing for company ; and many were the bitter tears I shed up in my garret because I could not go with the rest. Mother used to look at me as if she pitied me, and once she ventured to speak up in favour of my going ; but father said sternly that these sports were the means Satan used to win away souls from God — and father was a good deal set in his way, and mother gave up to him, as she always did. Once or twice Ephraim Allen came to our house, but somehow my shyness came over me when I heard his voice at the door, and I hid myself in the pantry, and pretended to be very busy turning the cheeses ; and so I was, for I turned them over and over again, till mother came and said I mustn't waste any more butter. Ephraim stayed and stayed, aud kept talking about the ox bow he had come to see about a great deal longer than I thought there was any need of-; and -I could not get courage enough to go out, though I was sore ashamed and vexed at my foolish shyuess. So the two whole years slipped away, and good morning was all we had ever said to each other. About this time I began to notice that Deacon Lee got in the way of looking at me in meeting, and his face was very sober, as if something displeased him. Semantha, too, would push past me in going in and out, and didn't speak to mo as she always used to do. But at last I found out what it meant. One day as I was coming out of meeting, and Ephraim had just said, " Good morning," 1 looked around and saw Deacon Lee close beside us, watching us with a severe expresssion in his face. " Young man," said he, and tho tone was so awful that I trembled all over — " young man, I have noticed for some timo past your attempts to attract the attention of this young woman, who, I am grieved to say," turning to me, " does nut receive this notice as she ought. Instead of assuming any expression of severe reproof, sho blushes from timo to time, and casts -down her eyes, aud I cannot discover from her face that this ungodly conduct is displeasing to her." I was so over whelmed by this rebuke that I could not look up or speak, and in a moment more I should have cried in good earnest. It was Ephraim's voice that stopped me. " I am sure I beg Mercy's pardon and yours, Deacon, if I have done anything improper. I suppose I looked at her because my eye couldn't find a pleusanter resting- place. You won't pretend that Elder- Crano is handsome enough to make it a pleasure to look at him." I was astonished, and Deacon Lee looked horrified, but Ephraim's face glowed all over with smiles. " Ephraim Allen," said the Deacon, sternly, " if you were a professor, I should present you to the church for irreverence. As it is, I have done my duty ;" and with that ho went away. Most of the people had left the meeting-house by this time, but a good many of them were turning back to look at me where I stood near Deacon Lee and Ephraim Allen. I suppose they didn't know what it could mean ; for in those days we always walked soberly home from service, not profaning the holy day by common talk. And this was the reason that I was . surprised and frightened when Ephraim, instead of going away by himself, walked down the steps with me, and along the road at my side. It was a good two miles home, and I had happened to come alone that day, father being laid up with a cut in his foot, and mother staying at home to nurse biin. The path was a beautiful one, leading through deep, still woods, now coming out into the edge' of a clearing, and now running along a brookside where there were flowers nodding over the water, and birds'-nests in the thick grass on tho bank ; I thought some times that the walk did me as much good as going to church, particularly if I catre alone, and stopped now and then to read my Bible by tho way. So we walked along, Ephraim and I; and preseutly we passed a great clump of witch- hazel bushes that wpre in all their bridal white, and Ephraim picked a bunch of the flowers, and gave them to me. IIo had not spoken a word since we started, " Are you much put out with Deacon Lee, Mercy " This made me feel very much ashamed again, but I said I hoped I knew better than to bear anger against anybody ; and then — quite excited and eager — I said I wanted him to forgive me if I had looked his way more than was proper, and not think I meant to be forward or unmaidenly. And Ephraim made reply that he would never believe any ill of me, no, not if 'all the deacons in tho world wore to testify to it ; and he said that he owed Deucou Lee thanks for so bringing us together, for he should never have had tho courage to come to me, though ho longed for a sight of rxy face every day, aud was constant in church, never missiug a Sunday, so that ho might see me. All this he said in such an earnest, sincere manner, and his voice was so gentle that I could not rebuke him, though I feared that his heart was in a dark, unregeuerate state, if he cared so much more for me thau for Elder Craue's sermons. You won't care to have an old woman telling any more of her love story. Now-a-days these things are all written in novels, and I should think the bloom of a girl's delicacy must be long gone before she hears such words said to herself. Then' it was different. I had never dreamed of anything so beautiful. But before this a dark time wa3 to come. We must have been a good whilo going home, for when wo came in sight of the house there was ray mother standing in the door, shading her eyes with her hand, and watching for us, and all at once I remembered that she must have been anxious ; there were bears in those woods, and the next winter one was killed in the very path where we wulked. When mother saw us coming, she smiled, and came down to the rond to meet us, and shook hands with Ephraim in such a friendly way that my heart danced ; I had been thinking what if father aud mother should not approve of him. Father was friendly, too, and while thoy sat in the fore-room, aud tulked, mother made some of her cream biscuits for tea. Now . I knew < by this that Ephraim would fiud favour in her eyes, because in our house all unnecessary labour was forbidden on the Sabbath, and no small thing could have tempted mother to break over this rule. When I went to call them to supper, I knew that Ephraim had been speaking to father, and that be was kindly disposed towards Ephraim. Father named me in asking the blessing, nnd Ephraim also, speaking of him so tenderly that it brought the tears to my eyes. All the rest of that summer is very dear to remember. When I think over my life, much of it seams misty and far away, but "that summer is as distinct to my mind us it was when its roses had but just faded, just as sweet and wonderful in its sunshine, blue skies, its fresh blowing winds, its birds and flowers, as it seemed to me then, only now I know what it was that so glorified it. Ephraim had a much greater flow of spirits than I had. I was grave beyond my years. But I caught tho love of fun from him, and mother and father wondered at the change in me. I think a girl always changes when she is engaged. A whole world of feeling that has slept is now awakened. Even shallow women bloom out for a brief time, and sparkle and shine wonderfully. To be sure they fade full soon oftentimes, and only tho dry leaves are left of all the charm and fragrance. And so autumn came, and winter, and with the winter the frolics which Ephraim was so fond of, and which he persisted stoutly were as inuocent as church-going. But father was so disturbed when I spoke of going that I gave it up at once, and told Ephraim that, as long as I lived at home, I couldn't feel right to dis obey father. So at first Ephraim stayed con tentedly with me, but by-and-bye the old love stirred. A bit of dance-music would start his colour, and set his feet in motion, and it was plain to see where his heart was. I was sorely grieved at this ; nay, I was more than grieved. I wanted him all to myself. I could not bear that he should need anything but mo. Ephraim said I was exacting, and I thought him cold and unkind. And 60 there gradually grew up a cold ness between us ; and yet the coldness was all on my side. Ephraim was always gentle, even when I was pettish and cross. For so I was. It was partly physical. I was not well that winter. I did not sleep, or when I did, by fits and starts, I woke frightened and crying. Now, my doctor would call it nervous sensitiveness; but then people did not give fine names to their humours, and mother only looked sorry, and said "she was afraid I was growing ill-tempered. While tilings were in this state, Ephraim's mother invited me to come and spend a week with them. I didn't feel acquainted, and I was shy about g"ing ; but Ephraim urged it, and mother advised it, and so at last I consented to go. I was a good deal mortified, that I had nothing nice to wear. My best gown had been in U3e two winters, and there were only three breadths in the skirt, and Semantha Lee said that nobody in Boston thought of making up less than four. But mother's wise counsel reconciled me. She said that the Aliens knew we had no money to spend on fine clothes, and would only expect me to he neat and clean and well-behaved. Ephraim, too, praised me boldly to my face, and pretended to think that nothing could be jso be coming as my faded hood. It was yellow silk, and was made out of a turban that mother had worn when sho was a girl. After I was in the sleigh with Ephraim, all my unhappiness and anxiety fled, and I en joyed every bit of tho ride. It was a lonely road, and part of tho way it went through the woods where tho lately fullen snow lay in pure white sheets that were written all over with the tracks of birds, aud rabbits, and other wild animals.; and the stillness of the great woods was so deep and solemn that our love-talk was silenced, and we rode on singing hymns. Then out of the woods, and sweeping down into a hollow whore pleasant farms were nestled snugly together, and so up to Ephraim's door. Mr Jacob Allen was a forehanded farmer, nnd the house was by far tho best in town. When we drove up to the door, Mary Allen was at the window watching for us. She ran out to the sleigh, and when Ephraim told her here was her sister Mercy, she laughed, and shook hands — women did not kiss each other then — and said she was glad I w.as come to stay a week. So my meeting here was not at all dreadful. While Ephraim went round to put up the horse, Mary took me into the fore room, where there was a fire, and helped mo with my things, and was as sociable as if she had known me all her life. Tho room was a great deal nicer than anything I had ever seen. I was almost afraid to step on tbo carpet at first, but then I remembered that it must have been meant to bo stepped on, or it wouldn't have been laid on the floor. Pretty soon Mrs Allen and Prudence came in. Mrs Allen was a very notable woman, and when she had told me how she made her cheese and that she put down her butter in cedar firkins — she seemed to think that pine ones were not fit for a Christian to use, and that my mother must be a terribly shiftless person to put up with them — she said she must go aud see to the pies that wore baking. I don't think she was still five minutes at a time while I was there, but just driving about the house from morning till night. And yet there were her two girls to help her, and mother and I did the work for eight, and took in spinning all tho venr round. I think Prudence didn't like housework. She was very intimate with Semantha Lee; aud what Semantha said and did and wore was pretty much all her talk. All that week she was at work on old gowns, altering them to he liko Semautha's. Prudence didn't seem to fancy me at tho very first ; and though I don't want to speak evil of her, she was certainly rather a hard person to get along with. One day she would remark that I would be quite good-looking if my nose wasn't such a pug. And another day that it was a pity I had red hair, for really my other features wore not so bad ; and she said that my gown was just like one she had hung up in the garret ; and so in this way she picked me to pieces, until it seemed to me she could not find a good thing in me. But this was not as bad as the way in which she talked to me about Semantha. Nobody was so haudsome or so good or so smart as Semantha ; and Deacon Lee was the most forehand man in town. As a great secret she told me that Ephraim and Semantha were once as. good as engaged, and she didn't doubt, if anything should happen to break up the match between Ephraim und me, that Ephraim would go back to Semantha. I was terribly angry at this, and I felt my lips stiffen, and it was as much as I could do to say, " What could happen to brenk our engagement? Ephraim is solemnly promised to me, and it is just the same in God's sight as if we were married." Prudence looked at me a minute, and then said sbe " had no idea I had such a temper. She had heard that I talked of uniting with the church, but after what she had seen, she shouldu't think — " Aud hero she stopped, and it was ns much what was not suid us what she did say that vexed me so. I was heartily thank ful that sbe was only a half-sister to Ephraim, for I began to fear I should hate her. With all this Mary did not seem to dare to be her own pleasant self, and even Ephraim acted as if he wasn't quite at his ease. I began to be sadly homesick. I almost bated the sight of the carpet on the floor, and the high curtained bedstead, and the cbim- ney-gluss, and I longed for the love and peace of my bumble home. I had beeu at Mrs Allen's three days when Semansha Lee come over to spend the day. She came in the morning and sent back the hired man .with the sleigh, because she meant to stay all night with Prudence. Semantha was dressed very elegantly. She had a scarlet cloth cloak that came down to the bottom of her gown, and the gown itself was of green silk, with great bishop sleeves lined with buckram, so that they stood out, and rattled like a drum when they hit agaiust anything, Mary laughed at her because she could not go tbrougb our chamber door without turning sideways, but Semantha said they wero all the fashion in Boston. Sbe was very lively and full of fun that day, though she didn't take much notice of me. In tho evening we had popped corn and apples, and when we pared the apples and threw down the long coils of peel, Semautha's took the shape of tho letter E. She laughed and blushed, aud pretended to be very much vexed, but she was really as pleased as she could b«. Mary whispered to mo not to mind, and said Prudence had given tho peel a sly push with her foot to shape the E ; but for all that I could hardly help crying. That night all of us girls slept in the double- bedded room. Semantha was with Prudence, and long after Mary was asleep I could hear them whispering, and every minute or two I could catcb Ephraim's name. I did not sleep much that night, and in the morning was almost sick. Ephraim was very kind, and when Pru dence said she was going to invite in some of the young people of the neighbourhood that evening, he wauted to put it off; but Prudence said she guessed I would be better — she thought people could throw of sickness if they tried to do so. At this Semantha laughed so disagreeably, and looked over at Ephraim in so significant a way, that I am afraid I almost bated her. The compauy came in the evening — five or six merry young girls and young men. If my head aud heart bad beon right, I could have enjoyed it too. But my head ached, and for the rest you would have thought it was Semantha who was engaged to Ephraim and not I. There was a young man there named Elihu Parsons. He wus very handsome — too handsome for a man — and what with tiiis and his pleasant ways he was a great favourite with the girls. I had only aeen him once or twice, but ho remembered mo, and came and sat by me while tho game was gbing on. I thought this was very good of him, for nobody was so much called for as he ; but he would not leave me, and was so sociable and pleasant that I tried to brighten up and entertain him as well as I could. We were in the midst of our talk, when I happened to glance up and saw Ephraim looking over at us — looking, too, as I had never sceu him. All at once it flashed upon me that I could make him suffer as he had made me. From that moment an evil spirit seemed to pos sess mo. I felt my cheeks flush ; ray heart beat fast ; I was full of wild gaiety. I sang songs when they askeil me. Elihu asked me to dance, and I danced — I, who had never taken a step be fore in my life. I felt as light as air ; I seemed to float through the figure. Ephraim never came near me the whole evening, but Elihu kept close to me, and we had a great deal of talk that I am glad to have forgotten. But I remembered that lie laughed at Semantha Lee, nnd made fuu of -her hair, that he said was like tow, and her eyes that squinted, and her mincing gate ; and I listened and lelt a malicious pleasure in this ilLpr-tise of Semantha. Through it all my heud ached terribly, and I stupidly wondered how I dared be such a wicked girl, and what my mother would say if she knew it. By and by it was ten o'clock, and then Semantha suddenly discovered that sho must go home. Mrs Allen tried to persuade her to stay. But no 1 It was going to snow, she said, and sho would not stay. Then Prudenco said, if she must go, Ephraim would take her home in the sleigh, which, of course, was just what Semantha wauted. I don't know what made me do it, but upon this I rose aud went over to where they wero standing, and suid that Elihu Parsons was going directly past Deacon Leo's, nnd would be happy to take Semantha, and that I would rather Ephraim should not go. Prudence lifted up both hands, as if she was too horrified to speak, and looked at Semantha. Semantha giggled. She was one of those girls who are always laughing foolishly. As for Ephraim, his face was dark, and his- voice was cold and hard as he said, " From what we have seen to-night, Mercy, I don't think it can make much difference to you what I do ;" and then, without another word, went out. Presently I heard tho sleigh-bells, and in a moment Ephraim came in at the front door. -I hurried out to him. I would make one more effort, I thought. He stopped on seeing me. " Are you going to leave me for Semantha ? You are very unkind to mo 1" I said passionately. " Yon are vorv foolish. Mercv. Semantha is our guest, and I have shown her 110 more attention thau she has a right to." " Can't you see, Ephraim ?" I cried. " Don't you know that she came here on purpose to make trouble be tween you and me, and that Prudence is helping her?" IIo looked surprised, then wholly incredulous. " You are mistaken, Mercy. You aro prejudiced against Semantha." I grew angry. I did not know that many men, acute enough to all else, are stone-blind where the wiles of a woman are concerned. " You may go then, if you like. I see you don't care for me." I said bitterly. " You know I do care for you," said Ephraim. His voice was softer. I might have won him then if I would have stooped to persuade. But I would not. My pride was hurt. I turned away from him. Presently Semantha came out and they drove off. Pretty soon Elihu Parsons brought his sleigh round, flung down the reins, and came in to say good-night. He held ray hand and lingered, talking, when I wa3 eager for his going. My gaiety had fled, and every word cost me a pang. At last he said, " I am going by your house. Can I carry any message for you ?" A wild thought darted in ray mind. " Going by our house ? 0, if "I might go too !" "You can!" he said eagerly. " I will take you with tho greatest pleasure." In au instant I had resolved to go. It seemed to mo that I should die if I stayed under that roof another night. So I begged him to wait a minute, ran up stairs, packed my things, and came down and told the family that 1 was going home. They seemed thunderstruck. Only Prudence spake. " Very well," said she. " But I suppose you know it is all over between you and Ephraim if you go off in this way." I told her that I knew it was all over, thanks to her, and I hoped it was a pleasure to her to reflect that she had separated two persons who would never have had a hard tbouglit of each other but for her. Mary came out into the entry to me crying, and said she hoped wo should make it up. But I told her that was not likely. And so we drove away. I was dull enough now, and Elihu hud the talk mostly to himself. It was not till we were almost home that ho said something which roused me up. And then I was angry with him, and asked bim what ho thought of mo to suppose I would so readily on with the new love before 1 was off with tho old. But I had no sooner made this speech than I burst into tears, and prayed him to forgive me, for I knew I hud done wrong, and not say any more to me, since I was so wretched. I do not know well what reply he made, for before I had done speaking, I was at home. There was the dear old house I had so longed for — tho little, homely, unpaioted house, with tho well- sweep taller than itself, and the great clump of lilacs by the front door. I went up tho path unsteadily ; my head was swimming, and there was a curious noise in my ears. I pushed opened the door. There- was father with the open Bible before him, and his spectacles lying upon it ; the room was bright with the fire and the light of the pino-kuot, und mother was spinning on the little wheel, as she frequently did in the evening. Her face wore its own sweet, peaceful look, but when she saw me the expression changed to ono of alarm. She said afterwards that I looked more like a ghost than anything else. " Why, Mercy !" sho cried. Father turned slowly round, and beyond that I remember nothing. I fell on the floor in a dead faint. Mother said I talked all night about what had been troubling me. Through all my delirium, I had an aching consciousness that Ephraim was lost to me forever. I would rise to go to him, as I thought, but when I reached the place where he had been, there was only Prudence or Seman tha. In the morning the doctor came, and said it was scarlot fever. The other children had got over it iu childhood, but it had waited for me till now. I was very sick for a whole month. All that time mother was an angel of goodness to me. When I was able to sit up, she -told me that Ephraim bad beon to inquire for me often. But she said no more, and I could not tell her the trouble then. I was wasted to a shadow, and was as woak as ail hour-old babe. Mother used to tuck me up in tho groat arm-chair, .and then the boys would push tho chair to tho window, where I could look out. A great snow lmd fallen during my sickness It had begun the night I came home, us Semantha predicted, ami tho roads hud been almost impassable. But they were quito good again now, and father said the timo had come for him to go down below. It was Into in February, und he said we should not havo a great dual moro snow, ho thought, and if ho waited till the spring thaws came, there would be no get ting to Boston. It was arranged that the oldest boy at homo should go with father, so that there would bo nobody left with mother and me but Jem and David. Jem was eight years old, and David six come May ; but they were both smart, and we thought, with their help, wo could take care of the cattle till father cumo back. I could not do much yet, and I sat in my arm-chair while mother fried dough-uo.ts, and baked great loaves of bread, and made puddings, and roasted chickens, for them to take for food on the journey. Father's way was to carry his own provisions, and stay at night with friends and relations along tho road ; even if the slcighiug was good, and nothing happened, lie »ould be a week or more in going to Boston. So, of course, the supply must bo pretty generous. It was a still, bright morning when they set off, with n sky so clear that father thought there would be no storm for many days. After the excitement of their starting passed nway, it seomed very quiet aud lonesome ; for you remember, though I havo said anything about it, that my heart was aching for its lost love. 1 had suid nothing about- it to mother yet, but. after they were gone, and the chores done up for tho night, and the boys playing with their cob-houses in tho corner, she snt down beside ine, saying, " Now, Mercy, tell mo all about the trouble between you and Ephraim." As well as I could for crying, I told her, feeling very much ashamed when I came to the part about Elihu. But mother was very gentle, and only said, "I fe.ir, my child, that savours of an unregeuerate heart." That was true. But whilo I had been sick I had thought very seriously, and I was thankful I had not been taken away whilo my heart was in such a state. I diJ not dare to tell mother how God's goodness had shone down upon me while I lay ill in my bed, but I hoped anil prayed that it would not leave me. It was a relief ns well as pain to seo tha mother blamod Ephraim. She said he should not have allowed himself to be deceived and in fluenced by Prudence. I told her I was sure he could not have loved me as he ought, aud that I would send back to him the little presents he'had made me, and say that I did not hold him to his promise. Mother agreed with me, and tho next day I made up the package. There was a string of gold beads, a pair of silver shoe- buckles, aud a Chinese fan, and a hymn-book, the bunch of witch-hazel blossoms ho picked for mo that day in the woods, and, more precious than all the rest, a letter, six foolscap pages in length, that ho had written in tho fall, while I was visiting my cousin in Keene. I could not help crying while I was putting them up, aud I took out the letter twieo, thinking I might keep that. But mother said, if we were indeed to be separated, it was my duty to forget my love for Ephraim, olse it would darken all my life; and life, she said, was given us for cheerful praise, anJ work, which is also praise. After I had sent my package by the mail- rider, who passed Mr Allen's houso every otiier day, I thought my trouble would be easier to bear. But every day made it harder. I fi ll into a miserable torpid state, taking no interest in anything, and feeling only my misery acutely. I could not even pray for help, for prayer itself was a cross. Mother was very good to me ; she gave me light pleasant work to do, thinking to keep me busy. But, however busy my hands were, my thoughts wero free, and used their free dom to make mo suffer. Father had been gone eight days, when one afternoon mother came in from the barn, where she had been to shakedown somo bay for the cows, w'tb a face so sober that I was frightened at once. " Why, mother ! what is the matter ? " I cried. " I'm worried about your father, child," she said, and then she went to tho window aud looked out. " Why, mother, if he started for homo yesterday — " " He would be just in season to he caught in the snow," she interrupted, with a vehemence unnatural to her. " Snow, mother 1 " I rose and wont to the window. Tho sky was full of great masses of grey clouds, that sometimes parted, and showed asteel-coloured back- ground, intense and cold, and immeasurably distant. Wide before us was spread the waste, white, un inhabited fields — the nearest houso a mile, away, and its chimnvy only visible over the hills which hid it. A tawny, brazen belt of light lying along the west, where the sun had gone down, illumin uted the snow, and gave a weird character to the whole scene. Thore was a high wind swaying the top3 of the tall trees before the house ; and once in a while you would see a fragment of cloud caught from tho great grey curtain und torn into shreds, or ravelled into a thin web, which seemed for a moment to settle close down upon us. It was a strange night, a strange sky. I felt a vague alarm. But I tried to speak cheorfully. " It is too cold to snow, mother 1" She pointed to the window. Even as 1 spolco the nir was suddenly darkened by a multitude of of fine flakes,- that crowded faster and faster, anil were swirled about by the wind, nnd quickly built up a wall round the door. As it grew dark tho storm increased. The wind, which had been blowing stendily all day, rose to a gale. It tugged at the doors and windows; it thundered down the chimney ; it caught tho littlo house, nnd shook it till tho timbers creaked : the noise was truly awful. We got tho boys into tho trundle- bed "as soon as wo could, and then mother brought out lior wheel, nnd 1 took my knitting. There was a gront blazing fire on the hearth, and the room was so warm that tho yarn ran beautifully. Mother mado out her stint that night; sho was a famous spinuer, and tho wheel went as fast and tho yarn was ns even ns if she had not been so dreadfully worried about father. But every few minutes she would stop nnd say sho hoped ho had not started, or tha, having set out, ho would bo warned in time, nnd stop by the way. It was so strange to see mother, who was usually calm, so put about, that I got very nervous, and was glad when sho stopped the wheel, nnd twisted up the yarn she had spun. But as sho turned around toward me with her hand, she looked so strange that I criod out to know what wns the mnttcr. " It is nothing," sho whispered ; hut I took hold of her, and steadied her down into the arm chair, and then ran for the camphor. That brought her round : but now sho looked feverish, nnd was slinking all over, and I knew that she was going to have one of her ill turns — possibly lung fever — for her lungs wero hut weak, and sho rarely got over the winter without a fever. The thought made me" half wild, but I dared not wait to cry or fret. I knew there was no time to bo lost and I hurried around, and gavo her a warm foot- bath, and kept hot flannels on her chest, and made her drink a nice bowl of herb tea as soon ns she was in bed; for I thought when tho per- spirntion started she would bo relieved. I was glad enough when tho great drops stood on her forehead. Yet tho hard breathing nnd tho rattling in the chest were not cured. I kept renewing the steaming flannels, as tho doctor always directed, till she fell asleep. She slept almost all night, and 1 sat in the chair by her, occasionally rousing up to put moro wood on tho fire, and listen to the wind, which still held ns fierce as it was at sundown. By-and-bye I dozed — I don't know how long, -' but I wns awakened by hearing Jem call out, ' " Mercy, why don't it come day ?" I started up. ' My fire had gone down, and the room wns dark. - Mother was breathing heavily beside me, "I say, Mercy, isn't it morning? Why don't wo get up?" persisted Jem. I begged him to be still, and, " H rising, made my way to the clock. I could not seo I H the face, but by touching the hands I made out H that it wns eight o'clock. I knew now that we H were snowed up. and that wns tho reason why it wns so dark. I kindled up the fire nnd lighted a H pine knot. Jem nnd David came up to the hearth H to dress, half crying and fretting for mother. But S 1 pacified them with a breakfast of bread nnd milk, H and whilo they were eating it I ventured to open a door. ' There was a solid wall of snow. I looked fl into the fore-room — it was ns dark as a cellar. _ H Then I ran up my stairs, nnd here the little courngo H I had forsook me, and 1 grew weak and sick. ' I For the snow was already oven with the ledge of the chamber window, nnd all the outbuildings wero as completely, hidden as if the earth had swallowed them in the night. 1 ran down stairs hastily, for 1' heard mother call. She looked up at me anxiously. I " How is it, Mercy ?" " I'm afraid, mother, we I are snowed up," 1 said. " And I'm sick." I Mother was sick. That was the worst side of tho trouble. It was a settled fever by this time, 1 - I was sure. We both knew it, wo both knew that no I help was to he had, and that she might die for want I of it. Wu were both silent, neither daring to speak, I not knowing how to encourage nnd strengthen tho I other. Mother grew worse all day, in spite of all I that 1 could do for her. The darkness in the house I was most depressing, nnd made the sit tint ion tenfold I more painful ; though I kept a fire and a light I burning ns at evening. I had to be economical of I both, for there was only a small stock of fuel anil I a handful of pine knots iu the house. It was pain- I ful to hear tho poor cows at tho barn lowing for I food, and to know that it wns impossible to reach ' I them. 1 might, perhaps, have gone out on snow- I shoes and managed to get into the barn by tho I window in the loft ; hut father's shoes wero loaned I to a neighbour, and, even if they had been at hand, I I should hardly dare to risk my strength, not yet I renovated after my sickness, and, which was so I essential to .mother's safety, in an effort that might I fuil. 1 So the hours went on, and the day that wns liko I night wore to a close. In tbo evening mother I brightened up a littlo. Shu was calm now, and for I the time free from pain. There was an unearthly J beauty in the large, bright hollow eyes, and the I thin cheeks, where the rose of fever burned. The disease had worked swiftly. Even this revival might be only a forerunner of death. " I want to tell you, dear," she ."aid, " what to do in case I should not get well." 1 hid my face in the quilt, and tried not to sob, while she went on, in a sweet, calm, thoughtful way, to tell me of the things that in my inexperience I might forget. I must not he wastetul ot food or fuel ; -if the snow — which was still falling — should cover tho chimney so that 1 could not make a lire, I must wrap myself nnd tho children in all the warm things I could find — there were some new blankets in tho chest, in the chamber, sho said, that she had meant for mo. I must get those if 1 needed them. " And if 1 ntn not here to encourage you, my child," she said, tenderly, "don't give up hoping. Help cannot he very far off. Some of the neighbours will come to us, 'or father will work his way through the snow, and get homo Aud, Mercy, don't be afraid of the poor body that I shall leave behind me. Think of it as the empty house that I have used for a little while, and bo sure it can do you no lmrm." I promised all she asked, and hid my tears as well as L could. While she slept, and i could do nothing for her, I kept the children quiet with playthings and stories. I cooked bread nnd meat, and made a great kettle of porridge against the timo when we might not he able to have a fire ; I hunted in the garrets for old boards and broken furniture that might serve for fuel. For two days the wind held, and then there fell an awful silence ns of the grave. Sometimes I read from the Psalms, or from the Gospel of John, which mother dearly loved ; and though she did not take much notice, but lay in a stupor most of the time, the holy words were comfort and company to me. At other times I sat in mute grict watching her painful breathing, and the gradual pinching nnd sharpening of her features ns the relentless diseasu worked upon them. O, it was hard ! I don't think many lives know so much and such utter misery. In my anxiety and grief, and the mental bewilderment resulting from loss of sleep, 1 lorgot to reckon the days as they passed. But one day, as 1 sat by my mother's pillow, my mind full of the dread that seemed now as if it might any moment be realised — of tho nwful- ncss of being left alone in that living tomb with tho marble imago of what was and yet was not my mother, tho clock struck nine in the morning. Somewhere the sun was shining, 1 thought, Somewhere there wero happy lovers, merry makings in divers places, wedding-bells ringing. A faint sound disturbed my reverie. 1 started up and listened intently ; but the noise did not recur, and 1 dropped my head again, thinking my fancy had cheated me. I don't know why it wns that what failed to reached my strained ear found its way to mother's ; but all at once, from having been in a stupid state from which 1 could hardly rouse her, sho opened hor pyes, and said, " What is that?" "Do you hear anything?" I asked, trembling. But beforo sho could answer, I too heard a shout. " Help wns at hand ! And mother might yet bo saved! I hurst into tears, and Jem and David set up a loud cry for company. Those outside heard it, for tho next instant there was a great halloo. They were cutting their wny through the drift — they came every minute nearer and nearer. Pretty soon I henrd a voice that set my heart beating and made me sob ngain. It was Ephraim's.- "Are you all alive ?" ho cried. " We are all alive, but mother is very sick." I don't know how long it took to tunnel that huge snowdrift. L sat holding mother s hand till there was a noise at the door. I sprang up then, and the next instant stood face to face with Ephraim. And we did not meet as wo had parted. 1 was glad to think we owed our deliverance to him. 1-Ie had roused up tho neighbours, nnd they eninu over that trackless waste on snow-shoes. On snow-shoes Ephraim went for the doctor, and mother began to mend from the time of his coming. It wns a week before father got home. Yet he hail eomo as fast as the roads would let him, travelling night and day in his eagerness to reach us. Ho told us of houses snowed up, and people and animals perishing miserably. And by God's graco we were saved, even to the cows, which in their hunger had broken looso from their stalls, and eaten the hay from tho mow. And so my life's greatest joy and pain came to me by the storm. It gavo Ephraim back to me. F or forty years ns man and wife wo had never a hard word, "l'is thirty years since ho went, — thirty years of Heaven's peace for him. I did not think to wait so long when lie went. Tho children have been very good to me, but I've missed their father always. But I shall go to him soon. Son Ephraim, 1 am niucty-two to-morrow !" A PosT- ori-'icK has beon established at Bowna, between Ten-milo Creek and Albury. A Real Boon. — If Mr Gladstone, instead of making meiely an onslaught on tho poor Go vernment clerks, wero to restrict his noble friend Earl Russell, in tho matter of pens, he would confer a real boon on the nation at largo. — Judy. 