WOOD'S POINT. (From our own Correspondent) The amateur concert in aid of the Mec hanics' Institute (which has been the subject or conversation for the last fortnight) came offlasit night with more than "eclat." At half-past seven nearly all the seats were occupied, and those who had the misfortune to come late found themselves minus places At eight o'clock the building was crowdrd and looking from the stage, nothing was to be seen but a sea of heads eagerly looking forward for the opening of the concert. The Wood's Point band enlivened the township by playing some popular airs through the streets prior to its arrival at the Institute. The building, which was formerly the Wesleyan Chapel, but now purchased by the Institute, seemed to have put on quite a new face. A stage having been erected at the upper end, tastefully decorated with green baize enlivened here and there with heavy gold fringe. Two pianos, kindly lent to the committee by Messrs Vincent and Barker, gave quite a distingue air to the whole, The Misses Barker, Mrs Sabine, and Mrs Felix, with Messrs Askwith, Aston Hope and Peters were the performers and certainly if the encores and applause by which they were greeted are tokens of approbation then certainly their townspeople may well be proud of their amateurs, Mr Vincent, President of the Institure, read a short in agural address showing the use and benefit of such institutions, and the progress so far attained by the committee. I understand that the proceeds of the concert amount to upwards of thirty pounds. This amount will enable the conmmittee to pay the preliminary expenses, prior to having the institue open to the public, 12th June, 1869. As the time draws near on which the last day to pay rates advances, a good many of the ratepayers are paying without being sum moned. Saturday the 19th inst., is the last day on which rates can he received by the town clerk, and those persons who have not paid up before the 20th will be struck off the roll as defaulters, and will be disfranchised. I have no doutb there are some who are not aware of this, but the greater portion have been made acquainted of it by the town clerk. Most of the rates would have been paid long before this, only for the nefairious position taken by T. Perkins, and Dr. Nash, who are always on the look out for jumping, &c;,, but the case which was to he stated by the Warden, Borough Council v Perkins, having fallen through there should be no time lost in paying the rates, as there never was the ghost of a chance from the first, the objections by the above parties having been given by vindictiveness rather than from a desire to serve the burgesses. Any persons not pay ing in time will undoubtedly have to blame those persons who said " their places never paid a rate and never would." We will see now if they don't have to pay and that pretty quick. The Hope claim cleaned up yesterday, (Friday, the 11th) and obtained about 1,400 oz. This is expected to be supple mented on Monday by some 200 oz This is the result of 3 weeks' crushing, the batteries having been idle about five days in making arrangements preparatory to crushing with water power. The Sir John Franklin Company washed up on Friday last, the result being 140 oz from a fortnight's crushing, at Messrs Cook and Hodson's machine. This is a good yield and the nunmber of shareholders being few the dividends are large. The directors have de cided that they will hold over their surplus funds until next crushing. The Johnstone Company have completed crushing their second lot of stone. (64 tons) the result being 83 oz. This is a much better yield than the last. The shareholders have divided L35 each besides paying wages and other expenses up till date. Messrs Bowen and Outram's leases, Dry Creek.-Since my last report two men have been constantly kept at work driving along the southern wall, up till within a week since when they commenced to drive across the strata, which is some 15 feet in width. In the course of next week the northern wall is expected to be struck, when the company will commence to take out stone and have a trial crushing at Mr Polglaise's machine. The leader in this claim is exceedingly rich and if crushed separate no doubt will yield from 8 to 10 oz to the ton. 