Il , .. REVIEW. Il .' -.- i LEAVES FKOM AUSTRALIAN V011ESTS.* j Undor this somewhat quaint title,' Mr. Henry Kendall, who is already sufficiently , well known to the Australian public to need ,no introduction from us, has ropublished some of his contributions to the maga i zines and newspapers of tho two colonies. ' Wo have beforo expressed our favourable' opinion of -Mr. Kendall's powers, when reviewing his first volume, published in Sydney some years back, and it is plea- sant to be able to reiterate that opinion when speaking of tho little book now be-, joro us ¡ but Mr. Kendall having fairly esta- ' blishcd himself as a writer whoso work chai-,' lenges close ciiticism, we propose tooxamino, somewhat moro minutely into the merits of, his present volume. And hero a difficulty, meets us at tho ontsot, for many of tho poems in this collection wore originally published beforo the issue of tho first volumo, and con- tain thoso early faults of composition from. which their author has now freed himself. We ' thoreforomust contont ourselves with judging the various lyrics and fragments on thoir own individual merits, and refrain from pro- nouncing upon the work as though it were the oxposition of tho writer's matured poetic faculty. Mr. Kendall's pootry belongs to tho objec- tive ordor. He does not strain after sublimity of thought or attempt'to record tho moro ma- jestic phases of human passion ; ho contents himself with lovingly painting tho glories of a sunset or the gleaming sands of a sea-shore. The admiiers of opio graudouror subtlo mental analysis will find but little to please their taste in Mr. Kendall's poems ; but to that largo class of readers who place tho faculty of intenso appreciation of colour and sound abovo that of poiceptivo sympathy for human passion, wo can recommend ia critical pe 1 usai of tho "Leaves." Mr. Kendall is evi- dently a disciple of that school which Keats created from tho inspiration of Sponsor, Tennyson perfected, and Swinburuo is de I stroyiug. Ho is alliterative, passionate, and overflowing with metaphor. His adjoctivos aie all superlatives. Like the climate of his i native Australia, thoro is no twilight in his poetry. It is oither bioad day or 1 blackest night. His horoes aro either angola or demons. His heroines aro either Mea salinas or Grisoldas. His seas aro moun- * tains high, hisiwinds tempests, and his stock- riders always at full gallop. But his ear for versification is perfect, his rhythm and his daring oxtravaganco of epithet aro equal to Swinburne's, and his exquisito sonso of natural beauty rivals that of Keats. For in stanco : " Ofton when tho floating vapours fill tho silent autumn leas, . Dreamy mcmorlos fall like moonlight ovor silvor sleeping boos." '. Though tho southorn wind roams, shadowed with It» Immemorial griof, Whorotho frosty nings of winter loavo their whlto HCB9 on tho leaf." And -" With the splendour and tlio speech 0! thy li/riita and thiindors, Ooogoo, flying up thy gleaming beach I " aro faultless in lhythm, while tho last line seems to dash tho salt spray over tho paper. " But when tho ouzol in tho grapa at ova Doth pipe her dreary ditty to tho surge, All tumbling In the soft groon lerol light," is another picture. " Oreen level light " is ad- mirable In happiness of epithets, and skill in suggesting a whole picture by ono well selected word, Mr. Kondall excels, thus - "far singing waters," "deep gardens fluslted withfiuit," " A strong- sea-« Ind (Iles up and sings Across tho mown-wht bordor," " evening-coloured applo trees," " tho siiiorrf« of tho heat," high grass "whelming" a man like a "running sea," " Tho wastT face ol April woops abovo the withered Honor," ' "As through a iiriliiNO twilight, full of rain, Tho weak moon lookod aoross Gadara's piala." Mr. Kendall need never bo afraid of his posi- tion whilo he can paint like this. But hera and there the iniluenco of his tinco masters is somewhat too apparent. In "Soptomber in Australia," he says, Ji," Gre) winter hath gone Uko a wearisome guost. And hohold for repayment September comos in with tho wind of tho weat And the Spring In her raiment." Swinburne, in his dedication, has " Moonlight and sloop for ropaymont When rofroshod as a bride and Bet (roo, With stars and night-winds in her ralmoiit, Night sinks o'er the sea " ' - , So also, ' " Tho stream from Ita homo Ititlio hollow lilli slips In a darling old fashion ; And tho day gocth down with a song on its Ups, Whoso lcoy-noto Is passion"- ' echoes " Dolores "- i "Thou wort fair lu the fearless old fashion, And thy limbs aro as melodiös yet, And move to the muslo of passion," ice. Also, in "Campaspe" (originally published before tho issue of Swinburne's Poems and Ballads), is a verse which has all tho savour of "Our Lady of Pain" : " Turn from tho ways of this woman 1 Campaspe wo call lior by name ; She li fairer than flowers of tho Aro-sho Is brighter; than brightness of flame. As a song that strikes swift to tho hoart with the beat of tho blood of the South, And a light aud a leap and a smart, Is tho play of hor porilous mouth. t Her c} cs aro as splendours that break in tho rain at tho sot of tho sun, But turn from tho stops of Campaspe-a woman to look at and shun !" Hero is a verse that is suggestive at once of Temi j son and Swinburno :- ». " Tho dead dry Ups Of tho ledgos, split By tho thunder fit And the stress of the sprites of tho forked (lima, Anon break out With a shriek and a shout, Like a hard bitter laughtor, cracked and thlti, From a ghost with a sin Too dark for a name !" Lips of the ledges is an idea caught from the opening lines of "Maud," and "bitter laughter, ! cracked and thin," is singularly like Swin . burne's " Tho die rarer sldowaja as it foil, Rang cracked and thin, Like a man's laughtor heard lu hell, I Far croVn Faustino." | -" Wrinkled hills" is Tennysonian I " Down In aw rinlclo of the monstrous hill, The cltj sporklod Uko a grain of salt."' " Arakoon" is too muoh like Longfellow's " Stoim Wind of tho Equinox," both in motro and conception. And '. With all tho meaning of liorpolual bIrIvs Heard In tho mountalncd deserts pt the world, i And where tho groon-lialrod wators glide liotwcett 1 be thin lank v> cods aud mallows ot tho marsh," lia thoroughly akin to tho manner of tho author of tho "Dying Swan," whilo " What time September shows hor mooned front And poppies burnt to blacknwss droop for drouth, ' Tho uoar Demotor, splashed from licol to thigh With spinning vino-blood, ofton stoops to Ulm i To crush the grape against lila wrinkled Ups i Which Bots li'm dreaming of tho thickonlng waives I In darkness, and the sound ot moaning seas" has all tho Theocritian idyllic spirit of Keats. ¡ But wo do not boliovo that Mr. Kondall has wilfully plagiarised a singlo lino. We i helio ve that when ho wroto the linos wo nave I quoted ho was quito unconscious of their likeness to thoso of his masters. Indeed, Ids apology for such errors is in itself so charm- ingly written that wo will quote it in his own defenco : . « So take theso kindly, ovon though thoio be Some notes that unto other ljres belong: Straj echoes from the cider sons of Song ; And think how from its nolghbouriop, nativo so» The penshe shell doth borrow molody. 1 would not do tho lordlj masters wrong, By filching fair words from the shining throng Whoso music haunta mo, as tho wind a trcol 1 Lo, «hen a strargor, in solt Syrian gloom« > Shot through with sunset, treads tho codar dells, ! And hears tho bree»y > ring of elfin bolls Far down by m hero tho whlto-halred catiract ! booms, , ' , " I Ho. falut with au octness caught from forest ame la,. Beam thence, unwitting, plundor of perfumes. I Wo would wish, however, to see Mr. Kondall, emancipate himself from the chains which » seem to fetter his genius. Ho has onougb. ¡original power .of thought and expression. |to become a leader, not a follower. His da-» I' * Lo»v(n from Aujtrsllao Forests. By Ilonry Hea dall. Melbourne : Qeorg« Rqtartson, 09 Ktlylietlv atrceL scriptions of Australian life and scenery are perfect : " Two months theroaiter¡ when the summer heat Bad roused the BOrpont from bia rotten lair, And mads a nolan ol locusts in tho boughs, It carno to this, that, as tho blood icd sun OI one floree day oi many slanted down ' Obliquely past tho nothor lags of peaks .AncLgulfs of mist, tho tardy night como Vexed By belted clouds, and scuds that wheeled and > whirled .To lett and right about the brazen cutts 01 ridges, rigid with a leaden gloom ;" And .' At last tho croat kingfisher carno and '¿ailed 'Across the hollows loud with early <>hlps, And lighted, laughing, on the sher.fiord/a hut, And roused tho widow from a sw JOn like death" are 'instinct with the h^rid fire of the southern summer, and thrjSounfi3 and sights oi Australian bush life. , .< The Ghost Glou" alone-a piece of ghost'jydiabkrie as realisti- cally intense as Prae-~/s « Red Fisherman" would be sufficient to stamp its author as a poet; and the be» ,atje8 0f a "Death in the Bush," " King f^ at Gilboa," "Syrinx,'1 "God Help 0,OT Men at sea," and the 'Glen of Arr «.watta," by far outnumber the sins of poetical reflection to which we havo felt o- pelves compelled ,to refer. Tho simple pa« ¿¡çfa beauty of tbo " dedication" alone wr AS^ redeem extravagances a thou- sand h» «es uj0ro Swinburnesque than those «f whi ^ w0 havo complained : ¿° ' jot, who, cast with mo In trying dayo, av ma in the placo of health, and powor, and , praise ; ¿too, whon I thought all light was eut, becamo ,A lamp oi hope that put my fears to ehamo ; /"Who faced for love's sole sake tho Ufo austoro \- That waits upon tho man ot letters hore ; Who, unawares, her dcop affection showed ?' 3)y many a touching little wifely mode ; Whose spirit, self denying, dear, divino, Its sorrows hld, so it might lessen mino, To hor, my bright best friend, I dedicate This book of songs. 'Twill help to compensate For much -neglect, Tho act, if not the rhymo. Will touch her heart and lead har to the timo Of trials past. That which is most intenso Within theso leaves ia of her lofluence ; ' And if aught hero is swootoncd with a tono Sincere, Uko love, It came of love alono." Mr. Kendall need havo no fear for the fato .of his book. Its beauties will be appreciated by aU whoso appreciation is worth having, and the judgment that impartial criticism jiosses upon its faults will but assist its autboi to take that high stand in the world of letters ior which his abilities fit him. 