DEPUTATION MOM ran BTCNTÍB-A. deputation comprising tao following gentlemen :-The H m. J B. Wilson, J, F. BuroB. J. Oampbbll, B. Loo, J. Wisdom and Â, Dodds, M L.A'e, O, E Jaques, Esq., the Mayor of Morpeth, 0'ptain Trouton. of tho A.S.N. Oo" and Mr Thomas, of the H.R.N.S.N. 0*., bad an intorviow with the Minister for Works, yesterday. The deputation having been introduced by Mr. Burns, Mr. Jacques explained that the gent.emen in attend- ance constituted part of a deputation appointed at a public meeting held at Morpeth, OD the 5th instant, to tako into consideration tho propriety of petitioning the Government againBt the proposed removal to Now oast'o of the steam dredge Vulcan, and ether matters of local importance, when the resolutions of whioh the following were a copy, were casted:-1. That this meeting regards the contemplated removal of the droigo Vulcan as an sot of gross injustice to tho residents of the Hunter, Williams, and Paterson rivers, and em- phatically protests against tho said removal, 2. That in the opinion of this mooting, tho serviaes of a dredge are permanently required in tho improvement of tho navigation of the Hunter. Williams, and Paterson rivers. 3, That this meeting strongly deprecates tho unnecessary delay that has taken placo in the opening for publio trnffio of the Morpeth Railway Extension Lina" With respeot to the representations made by a former deputation to the Minister on tbie subj-ot, Mr. Jacques said it appeared 'to him that tho question had not been fairly put. but on thoro wore gentlemen pretont moro enabled to point out how the interests of the Hunter distriot would suffer, he would oont°nt himsolf by presenting a copy of the resolutions. The Minister having read them, Mr, Lee (aid he might state that this question was not a new one It was ono whioh had been well diecussed by the people of the Northern districts, who had at various times put their shoulders to the wheel, in order to prevent their being trample! upon by those whoso interests wero not of a publia, obaraater, but were rather confined in their aation and their benefits to a particular place. Ho drew attention to the great impórtanos of the trade of the Hunter Biver and its tributaries, tho Paterson and the Williams, as also the ad van to po that must result by keeping the ohannol of the river open, so na to allow the freo passage of water to the Bea 1 in times of flood. It might alco ba remembered that the dredee was specially built for the purpose, and intended by Parliament to bo only used In deepening the Hunter, though it had for eighteen months been sont down on loan to deepen a portion of tba barbour of Newoastle. It the dredge were again removed it would close up tho trafflo ef the river whioh was now nearly impaeeablo for stoamers at i ortain tides, and would thereby oause a serious lass te those Individuals who had invested privato capital to the oonvenlenos of the residents of tho distriot, the inoreaso of population on the banks of that river, and benefit to tbo interests of tho colony at larg;. In addition to the meeting held at Morpeth on tho sub jeot, one had taken plaoo at Raymond Tenace, where résolution? of a similar charaoter had been unani- mously adopted, and Mr. John Windeyer was ap- pointed to aot with tho deputation, and it was under- stood he would havo boon present this morning. In hie (Mr, L?e's) own electorate a meeting was to be holden last night (10th, August), and ho ex- pected momentarily to receive a telegram from tho Mayor of West Maitland apprising him of tin result. He had no doubt it was unanimous against the re- moval of the dredge. The deputation had no dosiro to object to the people of Newoastle taking every means to Improve their own harbour, but they decidedly objected to their interests being forwarded to tbo damage and fatal injury of surrounding dit trióte. In addition to the gentlemen now present tho f dlowlng gontknten:-Mesera. W. M. Arnold, MP,. J. Nowlan, M.P., W.O. Windeje-, M.P., and J Eckford, MP., bad been eleoted aa the Morpeth deputation, and all with the oxcoptiero of Mr. Nowlan (who represented the Williams electorate, and certainly could not be aisumod to be adverse to the interests of his consti- tuents) had oxpreeaed themselves strongly in favour of the resolutions submitted. Mr. Wisiom pointed out that before the railway was constructed bo tween New- castle and Maitland, a large number of colonists had taken up land on the banks and in tho vioinity of. the Hunter, solely in consequence of the advantage whioh intercourse by water oonferred upon them; and although it could not be absolutely pronounced to be an injustice, they had been put to some disadvantage by tbe construction of the railway, the cost of that work being defrayed by the oolony, falling proportionately upon those who did not avail themselves of its facilities. If, however, tho Government were now to aloso np tho river, they would inflict sn injustice on these people, It had been s'ated by former Ministers for Works that thor did not see the necessity for koeping open river navigation when the railway was eetabli.hod. On that point quite a different opinion ^seemed to prevail at home. At Glasgow, fer instance, though the rail ran parallel with tho River Olydo for twenty or thirty miles of ita course, the navigation of tho river was being improve! -(Hon, Mr. Wns'on: Made navigable all its distance) -so as to enable vessels of the largest tonnage to go up to the town. In regard to tho g neral question of accommodation at Newosatle he thought, according to their own showing, tho lato deputa ion had proved that tho new sorew moorings would be sullklont without tbo dredge. He was also iaformed that the detention ef vessels at that port was not caused by tho want I of accommodation ; that iu a good many eases it arose from o her cau°es. The late report of Mr: Moriarty was to the tffoot that by tbo arrangements shortly expeoted to be completed, 4000 tons of coal might bo shipped in a day. As 11,000 tons only wero the weekly shipments from Nowoaatle, it was clear there was accommodation ; indeid;accommodation for shipping twloe the amount they weekly amt away. He also urged, in reepeit to the Imperative importance of.deopening the river, or tiklng the dredge to Níwoastie, that the coal trado waa purely local, and could not fairly be taken into con- sidération aa against the' general interests of tho district As an analogous' instànco, hé mentioned that there was a dredge stationed at-that comparatively unimportant river Shoalhaven, and , the prinolple which regulated tbe vote of tho Assembly on that point would apply equally to tho livers mentioned in the second resolution Two-thirds of tba deepening of the Hunter River was also complsted ' and the elaborate report of Mr. Moriarty showed the neotsstty of keeping the dredge constantly at work in order ta prevent damage from ' ordinary floods, and to mitigate tho chances of loss by the heaviest ones, Mr. Bu'ns thought tho deputation was bound to gi va the Minister ' ill local information at their command, and stated that in regard to tho operations of tho drodgo mitigating ;he effects of the flood, Mr. M riarty «as of opinion :bat it would ba adviaabls to dredge the river as high is bot ween Morpeth and West Maitland. He was of ipi» alon that the aotion taken by the people of Newoastle into Bi m ply from the pressure of local olroumttanees, [hat tho present difficulty, with regard te shipping, was inly a temporary one. .With regard to the dredge he said it waa now employed at Ealea'a Flat, and would finish there in tnreo months It lt was now taken away, tho work would all be lost, as it would soon All up again. Ho did not think it right that any feeling should be eteated between the inhabi- tants of Nowoaatle and tho Hunter, although lt was nit right that the advantage of the former Bhouid bo aooured at iho exponeo of tho latter.' The Minister should also be told that twa important steam companies kspt their vessels on thia river, plying for passengers, and carrying. largo cargóos of. pteduce to Sydney, and the Government, had ex ponded £50,000 in oona tr acting a railway,-all of whioh would be literally thrown away if tho river wat ] allowed 'o oloso. Tho faot that tho dredge woe work- ing ia (ha Hunter, waa owing; to tho reault of acticn tm tho part of the propio themselves, It waa intended to bo maintained constantly on the river, from wbioh it was epooially named. It waa not stationed thoto for a temporary difficulty, and it would bo far batter for the Government, inBtoad'of taking.lt away, tiob'ain a new dredge for Newcastle, to bo paid for from otbor sources. In taking this view, he was not acuated by any feeling of antagonism to the people or tho interests of Nowoaatle, the second port in tho colony. Mr. Jarquos read a telegram, just received from "West Mattladd, reporting the most eatisfaotory result of last night's meeting at West Maitland, and read a letter from the Hon, W. M. Arnold, expressing his concurrence in the objeola of the deputation, and emphatically arguing against tho removal of tho dro. go, and condemning euoh a polioy ns a breach or good faith and a contravention of the intention of Parliament Mr. Gamp bell said the Bloomers fermerly left Morpeth at 8 o'clook in the morning, but in order to meet the tides aad avoid being stuok, they now started two hours earlier, before daylight in the morning, thue oaualng greater expense to tbe companies in tho waves of Eorvants and the consumption of fuel. The whole of the traffic carno from tho Hunter diatricts. Captain Trouton said the local aspect of the queB'.ion had been so well set forth by tho gentlemen who had spoken that he bad very little to say. As the representative of a company largely, but not exclusively, interested io this trade, ho, however, contended that it would be auioidal on tho part of the Government who had made a railway, to Bhut up the river that supplied the traffic by allowing tho dredge to leave In regard to the tonnage, at present in the Newcastle harbour, he thought the excess waB exa-ptional. He did not think thors would bo halt the tonnage in the port next month. Mr Thomas adduced the impórtanos of tho commercial relations of Morpeth and Newcastle with the inland districts, whioh were three times moro Important than tho commerce between N*woastlo and Sydney, as a sufficient juetiQaation for tho employment of a dredge. After a fow additional observations from Mr. Lee, Mr. Wis- dom said it waa of eomo importanoo that the Minister should look to the elements of tho deputations. The previous deputation comprised only the representatives of one interest, the present comprised ten members of Parliament, representing ten oonstituonoies. probably consisting of 70,000 BOUIB. Mr, Dodds, Mr BurnB, Mr. Oamphell, and Mr. Jacques having mada srmo obeerva'ionB, Captain Trouton mentioned that tho Government of Queensland bad two steam drodBes which had beon laid up for eighteen months or two voars, One was stationed at Rockhampton and the other at Brisbane, and oould probably bo purchased at a reasonable price by tho Government, He assured Mr. Sutherland ho would be happy to tow them donn, (Laughter.) Mr. Sutherland said he had dispatched a surveyor to report upon these dredges, and he should be able to reoommond what course Bhould bo adopted when tbat report waa obtained One of tho deputation aBtted wbetbp" in tho event of buying them tho Government could not station one at Newcastle. The Hon. Mr, Wilson said Parliament had dirtoted that one should be stationed at the Manning. Mr. Sutherland believed that it was tho Intention of Pirliamont either te buy or build one for that river. With regard to tho general question, he disagreed with tho fliat resolution. The second he agreed with, and also with the third. He explained at eoma length that in the general intoreets of the colony, he should tako the tug to Ne-voastlo when it ooujd bo spared, and that ho had farmed that determi- nation above thro3 weeks ago, and without referenco to the viows of any deputation, er of tho Newcas- tle people. The tug was wanted at the mouth of the river to take out some sand, so aa to aesiit a soour which had deepenod tho river from a depth of four or OVA to twelvo and fourteen feet He had no wish to dp any injustice to tho people on the Hunter River; he bad sont the tug thero, and it would be taken away when wanted. Tho whola of the arguments used, bo eaid, wera based upon the idea that tho Government was about to shut up the tiver. Nothing was further from their thoughts. By taking away the sand from tho mouth of the river, tho Go- vernment would be doing that which would materially assist in tho scouring ont of tho upper part of i>. Ho waa veiy glad to see people wereaiivo ti their own interest*, but he had, upon tho report of the engineer, that it would take a couplo of months to cut through Kaleb' Flat, given orders that tho work ho new fp'.ke of should be dono. There was about 1000 feet of Eiloa' Flat to bo out through, and by cutting 100, instead of 150 feet for tho present, the mouth of tho tiver could be attended to, after whioh the dredge could go back and widen it. With respect to tho steamero being stuok at low tides, ho had a report from an officer of the department, that chowed euch was not the caso. As regarded the difficulties now experienced at Newcastle, ho had no doubt, with the present facilities that at present exist, if tho shippers were to uso a little energy, they might remedy them Not many weeks, howover, would pass before a frosh contract could be entered into with the present lessees, and moana might then be taken to compel shippers to be aotive or to prevent thom having tbe use of tho ornnes or eboots at all. He had been told that tbe steamet Ooonanbara drew the most water, nina fact six inches, and the Govern- ment would cettainly be materially aeaieted, if they refrained from taking loading up. If they could make any proposition to tho Government for taking that loading up, he would havo great pleasure in eub mi ting it to his colleagues. The deputation endeavoured to obtain some eesuranoe from Mr. Sutherland that one of tho tugs, if the two were pur- chased from the Queensland Govornment, should bo sent to Newcastle, but he stated that its destination would be subject to tho will of Parliament. Ho bad made calculations that convinced him that a steam dredgo would bo required constantly at Newcastle for thirty years hence, to effeot all tho improvements that tho shipping interest n quirod. He had conceived a plan by whioh more work could bo obtained from the dredges, but it would nocosaarily bo sometime before he could bring it into operation. At tho oonoluBiou, Mr. Sutherland answered several other quostions of some importance, stating, with reforonce to tho Mor* roth railway, that it would bo completed about Novem er next. The Minister also stated that the site of the railway station was fixed upon. It would to be tho eastward of the H.R N.S.N. Co.'s wharf, near Mr. Knox's property, on Mr. Close's land ; that a passenger's platform would ba erected at tho roar of the old poet office, Mr. Whitton, the Engineer-in Ohtef, having reported that thero was not sufficient ground to have tho! station at that spot Mr. Sutherland gave a favomablo answer to an inquiry, whether tho Govern- ment would have any objection ti hand over tho Queen's Wharf to the Municipal body; and in regard to the retaining wall, ho explained tbat unless he oould find funde would be available out of the railway appro- priation, he Bhould not feel justified in tho extension of that part of ths wall, but with respect to making the approaches good, he thought that tho Govern- ment were bound to do BO. Crossings would be pro viced at the various streets, but it wae not the inten- tion of the Govornment to placo gate- keepers at the crossings. Tho opening of the railway would very much depend upon a reasonable arrangement being pffeoted between the H, R. N. S' N. Company and the Government os to tho turntable and sidings on tbe ?ompiny's premises. Tbe sooner that was effeoted the lees the delay as far as the Government was con- cerned. Tenders would shortly bo invited for tbo areotion of tho station-house and platform.; With regard to tho main question, the dredge, Mr. Sutht-r land said it would remain six weeks up the river, and then go for two montha to Nowoastlo. Lanoun ne QUEENSLAND.-Wo hear that large num- bers of persons aro travelling on tho Southern Hoad, penniless, in search of employment The constant luooesBion of applications for assistance in the shape bf ood, hts, in the caso of stations situate near the road, jeoomo quito a tax on tho moans of tho proprietors It -t a faot wbioh should not be lost sight of by the tdvooates of a renewal of immigration.-Gladstone Observer. Fina AT TAMA-On Sunday night about ll o'clock Ur. Charles M Donald, of Tarlo, was awoko by a noise resembling that of wind, and looking out eaw that bis k'tohen, a slab building 80 feet x 14 and roofed with' bark, was on Uro. He at once took all the means in his power to etoo the flames, and he was ably seconded av Mr. Samuel Grant his next noighbour, as well as by aU own family. Through their united exertions the, [lames were prevented from spreading to tho dwelling bouse, which waa distant only twolve fcot, and which it one time was in tho greatest danger. Fortunately tho night was oalm, er nothing could have saved it Pho kitchen itself was totally consumed with all its Dontentt, including some ot tho children's clothes. M'. M'Donald estimates his loss oxolusivo of the value of tho building at betwoen £20 and £30; and supposes that the fire originated from sparks from tho oshea, Qjulbuim. Herald., t l ,, . . j, . TH« PKOW Binn CASH-Tho Melboona) Arana of Saturday last bas the. following: -Two persona, nemod George O Bien and John. Rogers, appeared to answer their bail before the City Polios Court voeterday on a ohargo of conspiring to dofrand. When bronchi befo-o tho Court, Mr. Aspinall. who defended tho nri soñera, eekod upon what authoiity thoy were arroited Mr. Stephens, who appeared to proseoute, said they wero arrested upon a tolegrom from tho ohief oiramia sioner of polieo in Sydney, etatieg that a warrant had ke°n issued for their arrest Mr. Aspinall contended that the prisoners were not legally arrested, aaa claimed their discharge. Mr. Call thought that the prisoners could not be legally detained, and therefore die=h»rged them. The Ago of Monday soya; Another step has been taken ¡towards the unravel, mont of the alleged extensiva fronds in connection with tho entate of Messrs. Maokinlay Brothers of Srdney. as the two men Bogers and O'Brien, who were disoharged by Mr. Gall, on Friday, on tho charge of conspiring to defraud, were rs-arrested on Saturday afternoon, by detectives Mainwaring, Daley, and Williams, on the more Berious charge of laroonv to a very largo amount. This step has been tsken in ooo., srquenoo of the arrival of a Srdney detective by tbs Bteamer Wonga Wonga, bringing with him a warrant for their arrest, which has bean issued on the sworn information of Mr. Maokinlay, charging tho prisoners with stealing gooda to the value of £20C0 The warrant was endorsed by Judge Williams, and tho prisoners were soon aftor seoared. Tho stop new taken will apparently lead to fresh complications in this gigantic H swindle, as It waa first supposed that these men «ere E accomplices in the fraud, whereas, by.the information, it appears that there bas been a wheel within a wheel at work, and thoy have been playing their own "littlegame" independently of tho one Being played by other partners in the swindle. O'Brien was sub- sequently liberated on his finding sureties to the amount of £1010. but Bogers, being usable to obtain ' bail, romalnod locked up. SnrnBMR Conni or QOBUNSLAND. AUOOST 4._la Chambers.-Befnro his Honor Sir Jsmes Cookie, Ohlef Just'oe.-- P. Korff v, J, Crossley.-Mr. Bunton, from Mr. Wilson's office, applied under «eotion 22 of tbs Common Law Praotice Act of 1807. that a summons nisi, issued by his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwycho, oslling upon the defendant in the above oase to show' OBUso whjr execution Bhould not issue against goods ot his in this oolonv, on a judgment obtained in the ' Supreme Court of New South Wales, be made absolute. As it nppoarod that the summons had been returnable on Friday last, and that no applltatirn te the Judre in Chambers was then made in consequence of certain ncoeesary documents not having been received from Sydney, his Honor stated that the summons mast lapse. On the application of Mr. Bunton, a fresh summons nisi similar to the one previously ÍBJUed io the oase was granted,returnable on the4th of September next. jj! Sin BOQBB CHARLES Douonnr TionnonNE v. 8ia ?! PIEBS MOBTÏN-TICHBORNE T. TICHBORNE."-Vice- Si Chancellor Stuart raa-te an order on Juno 18, on the 1 application of the plaintiff (the olaimant of ths Tick. borne baronetcy an I estates), tb at the lime for retain* -!î ing these bills on the file of the court ehould be ex . K tended ta tho last day of E je tor Term, 1870. It wu ;; stated that the evidenoe whioh in balng taken under the i j commiBBien issued by tho Oonrl of Probato oould not ii bo oompleted sooner, tho time Axed for the return of : j the commission to tho court being October 12,1869 ii " TionBORNK v. TICHBORNE-TICDBOUNB V. DI CAST no." - The quesiion of the administration of the '? estate of the lato Dowager Lady Tichborne wu jj brought beforo Yico.Obancellor Stuart on Juno IS, by an application on tbo part of thron creditors, that fte >; ordinary accounts of her estate might ba taken, and $ that an order should be made for payment of hu i dobts, er that, in oase the court ehould think she had $ not a sufficiently oonetituted legal personal represent!- f. tive beforo the court, that tho receiver appointed in tho causo should be appointed administrator ad Utera, pending an application to tho Court of Probate. fi The Court of Probate on tho 25th of May had de- g dined to appoint aa administrator ad litem without the sanotioa of this oourt, on the ground that his duties might dash with those of the receiver, and had left the parties to apply to this court on the eubjoot, The Yioe-Obanoellor, after some discussion, made an order that, notwithstanding the appointment of tho receiver, the creditors should havo liberty to apply to the ' Court of Probate for a grant of letters or adrainietri tion. ; Air AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. - Some remarkable si litigation is expected to result from a oase whiob hu ^ just been brought to light ia Liverpool. It is Bald to ¿j ariso out of the disputed sucoaeaion to some heritable \ property in Ireland left by a gentleman in that % country to a lady and her husband, not long sines re- M,\ turned from Australia. This story is singular if not E£i romantic Forty years ago a stonemason named 5ï M Intyre left Glasgow to settle in Dublin. Tbeie he |\ mnrried a young woman named M'Gee, of humble r j birth. A j ear or two af terwarde M'Intyre end Ul &' wife, accompanied by their daughter, went out lo If' Australia. At that time the only means of access te ft/ tho colony was by transport ships, conveying oenvisli BP from this country, and these vessels, in addition ts K-j tho convicts, occasionally carried a faw passengers. Rfc In one of these ships M Intyre and his wife and S3 daughter embarked. In the oourse of tho voyage, E5 the surgeon's wife, who bad no family, took a great K liking to M'Intyro'e little girl. The ship wat [N wrecked. M'Intyre, his wife, ond_ tho Burgeon's lady fe: being amongst thoeo who perishtd. Tho surgeon BE escaped, and ho reeoued the child. After an interval ?J of Borne months, the surgeon and his little charge c arrived in Australia, where he ultimately reallied a £j largo fortuna Ho brought the child up as his own, and remained thero long enough to seo hoi the wife ot is a wealthy c donlst. Having done this the sargon ¡, returned to Ireland, bis native country, and paiobaeed £j a largo estate in the county of Wicklow. Hs theil g font for bis adopted child and her husband, who Bj objyed tbe summons : and not long after their arrival ¡j he died, bequeathing them tho whole of his property. B& Somo of tho Sootoh relatives of the surgeon now claim Kp the property. Within tho last two or three week« »| three persons have arrived iii Liverpool from Austra. fig lia, who have bean brought over specially aa «linees* fte ia tbe csse if they ehould be required. The will of the g| dootor ie disputed, as in tho document the lady ii Bj treated as his child. B§ GHOST Fiony.-Among tho sensational intelligent* ' fig wa have received of Into may be olassed tho following, o¿ whioh, we are informed, some four or five persons an Rs prepared' to swear to: - Some few weeks ago Mr. Bow- BS ling, of Kempsey, and a eon of Mrs. Stanford, named BS Frederick, we-o oamped on the Upper Macleay, at Five Ks Diy Creek Early in the morning the latter went to BJ drive in the bullooks when he saw a man riding along Bl on a grey horso. He spoke to him, and receiving po ?§ answer, spoke again in a louder tone. To this no netice K| was taken, when ho rode oloso ti tho.étranger, and Bj called out loudly, asking him who ho was ana where B8 ho was going. Tho horseman is reported to han Eg looked round, given a sort of grunt, and ridaen H away full gallop. Either before or after tho san» Bf spectacle is said to have been seen by another penan B| -a sawyor-anti on bsing hailed and epoken to, it Kg made for the creek, whioh was flooded bank high, Hf rushed the horee into the streim, and landed safoljoa H tbo other side. It i. thou said to have gone up the ?§ oppisite rango at full speed. Thia unknown n horco and hoieeman are to be seen only during the BB night, or very early in the mo nlng. Anothor night H tho dogs attached to the bullock dray kept np a ooo* BJ tinuoua bark, and en Mr. Dowling getting np to see US what was the matter, he saw a small whitish looking , EB dog running away. AU theeo s'ateniente are given to IH us OB fuots, and wo are thus led to place them before 9j our readers. There is a rumour that a party is being HB organises to visit Five Day Oieek, to test tho troth of Mt the report.-Maoleay Herald. mt BRAIDWOOD.-A correspondent of the Goulburn' H Argue leports:-The result of tho first oruehing of H stone from tho Little Hiver quarta-roef was nur» BJ known on Saturday. The stone ornshed was a piiotl Dj of twenty-three and a belf tons from the Alma Best; mm and the result is considered very eatisfaotory, being MS thirty-four ounces of gold-a little more than an ounce and a half to tho ton. In this parcel of steno » g«od deal of rubbish from the canings of the reef wa« arushod, Tho next stone to be erushed is a P8100'01 fifteen tons belonging to Mr. Bambaogb. Tbs »WM in this lot is nearly all pinked specimens, and ha« Deon in hand for somo two or throe years. From iv appearance it ia experted that the yield will be six er eoven ounces to the ton. As Boon as the crushing » over I will let you know tho result, Prospeototiia» out in ever7 direction, and some splendid roofs MT» bebn discovered within this last fortnight Very UW« is Bald about tho Warrambucca reefs. Tho «aar» holders, however, think they will yiold very wen. The next stone to bs ornshed ia f rom Burrell s re», and the quana appears to be quíteos rich aa Jun* I baugh'a parcel Some very good reo« ha«i ww. fuuad at Major's Creek, near tho back of what ?» I known as the Oammhuloner'a Hill. 