WALLABOO: SATUBDAY, JUNE 26. To that invaluable species of intelligence known to the world bv the name of common sense, the credit is due for establishing a trade in preserved meats with the home country./ Everyone is familiar with the trials and difficulties veritable bugbears-that the philosophers were cudgelling their brains only yester day to try and overcome/ The meat was subjected to experiments whose name was legion. It was salted, it was tallowed, it was drugged, it was subjected to passing strange processes, it was cured with sub stances that we can scarcely conceive of without a feeling of nausea, and then the dreamers fondly hoped that the laborers and arfcizans in England, to whom meat was said to be an almost unattain able luxury, would buy freely the nasti ness which was forwarded to them. But the dockyard laborers and other crafts men did not seem to care to take the bait. It was true that they were poor, and that they could therefore buy but little meat, but that little they preferred to be such as should be fit for human food. Then the philosophers strove to make it ap pear that the thousands of the London poor were "the victims of a strange hallucination. They were described as a class possessed with an unnatural pre dilection for starving. It was said that so strong were their prejudices they would rather go without food than buy meat from their Australian cousins. This was partially true; but the fault was with the philosophers rather than with the consumers. Then it occurred to some genius, that, as a large shipping trade was being done in the tinned meats so familiar to every voyager, perhaps it might be worth while to try and tickle the London palate in this simple fashion. The experiment carried this great recom mendation with it, that should it not take -with the Londoners, there was nothing to prevent it being successful with the skippers of merchant vessels. The result most fully justified the correctness of the calculations. London artizans doubtless knew of the preserved meats for exporta tion in the familiar tins, but the price these commanded put them quite out of reach. There was an absolute certainty that meat could be preserved here, where it is to be bought in alpiost any quantity at little over a penny per pound, for less than in England, where it was usually sixpence. When the artizans found that they could be supplied with a wholesome supply of the food they craved, at half the price the butchers charged, there was no lack of customers. As every man gifted with common sense might have predicated the logic of hunger was irresistible. It was the philosophers that labored under the hallucination not the people. Home letters from men with limited incomes tell that even children are beginning to ask their parents for 'Stralian meat. The demand far exceeds the; present supply. And, although Companies do prepare potted, smoked, spiced, and roasted meat for exportation, the bulk of what is shipped seems to be the ordinary preserved meat. None that we know of has been spoken more highly of than that of Mr HUGHES' prepared on his station at Booyoolee; and some of! this which was recently'opened at Port "Wallaroo, appeared to differ in no respect from tliat which we were all made acquainted with oil board ship, ^he p&ilbsopher;'s error: was . akin to that; " bounding ambition which overleaped: itself/' They thought that they too " should do some great thing " and they failed. Common sense attempted to do that which it was patent Was practicable and it succeeded. But it is .only fair to the philosophers to tell that the blunder they made was an imported article, not one of home manufacture. Experiments after the same pattern as their have been for years past made on the cattle conf prising the immense herds that dot the pampas of Buenos Ayres. Quantities of curiously prepared and salted meat from South America havebeen sent periodically to Liverpool,but the speculation was never a paying one. If to the London poor the importation of preserved meat at a cheap rate from Australia becomes an object of vital importance, to the squatter here it is hardly so. If that individual is, as he is represented to be in many instances, the lineal descendant of the British farmer, he inherits the strong propensity for grumbling that individual is habitually accused of. Indeed, it appears difficult to find any accurate test whereby to guage the ordinary fortune 'of the shep herd kings ; whether they are a patient^ long-enduring class grievously bowed down under the weight of the burden their hard lot necessitates they should trive with; or whether life has for them its due share of beer and skittles. The most reliable information seems to point out that hitherto they have, as a rule, either made large fortunes or lost every sixpence they were ever blessed with. If the windows of heaven were opened fre quently enough, if the sheep brought forth by thousands and fattened by tens of thousands they made their piles, drove down Bundle-street in their, carriages scattering sovereigns aU the way, Pasquin weekly worshipping the while. If, on the other hand, the drought came, as it did come, before Goyder and will do after him, the lordly squatter was a ruined man. It is not too much to-say that the sheep were kept solely for their fleeces. The profit on each one might not be; great, but even a trifle per head on each one in a flock, that it took at least fiye figures to describe, amounted to a large sum. As long as the sheep could live and the flock increase, it went well with their master. Instances illustrating this are constantly cropping up. The story of Mr Hugh Glass almost reminds of the poor man who died with only fifty thou sand pounds. " Ah," said Baron Roths-1 child, " I always thought he was in easy ! circumstances." Hugh Glass was in difficulties (comparative ones we pre- j same), and his estate shewed a surplus of j only £270,000 ! But now wool is falling ? in price, and, although it is at a respee- ] table figure comparedjjwith what it used to be twenty years ago, the prospects of the squatters are considerably clouded by the drop. Neither is this the worst that is to be told. Should cotten ever go back to what was its normal rate before the American war, wool, in the ordinary course of things, must go. yet lower than it is. Cotten is now at double the price per lb. it was before the war. The emancipated men and brothers in the Southern States do not take kindly, to work. Sooner will they live upon the proverbial handful of rice and pinch of salt than labor. And, indeed, they would falsify all history if they acted differently. Whether a great cotton field capable of Qommensurately supply ing the English market will spring up, remains to be seen, b»t, afe tho piresfent, the petition^/fbe goadman/Who,during 1 the cotton famine whilst praying for cot-' ton, ^specified " not Surat *" rerriaiiii yet unanswered. If cotton.' shouldbeifcient to the English market in the quantities it , once was, and therefore, consequently, at the same price, we must look for lower rates for .wool. And, in view of this con sideration, it is scarcely possible to over estimate the value the new industry pro mises to be to the squatters Also firom another aspect it promises to be of great importance. Hitherto when the drought lias come the sheep have often been too poor to boil down for tallo w, useleB to kill, and yet certain to die if sure market at fair rates promises to be opened up, we may expect that most j large squatters ""ill follow Mr Hughes* (plain and set up a preserved. meat fae I tory, whereby they will be enabled to avert the entire losses to which they have too frequently been subjected. | Squatting promises to be a less precarious f pursuit than heretofore it has been. It-will be seen by an advertisement that the Eight Rev. Dr Shiel, Catholic Bishop of the Diocese, will preach at Port Wallaroo, to-morrow evening. We believe that some of the furnaces at the Smelting Works will this dajrr be avowed to go out, preparatory to a general stocktaking. Others will go out during the course of next week. A meeting was to be held at Moonta yesterday evening to discuss the state of the .roads in the township., The hour at which the meeting was held prevented us from getting a full report of the proceedings for our issue to-day, but this will be remedied in our next. By an advertisement it will be seen that Mr Charles Xiascelles accompanied by Mr Wilkie, will give a concert at each of the three townships on the Peninsula. Thursday, last, at Moonta," was kept as a holi day ; the shops were closed, and work stopped at the minesJ Public amusements had been an nounced to <some off3 but on accountpf the weather, which was jet, these did not take place. . We are requested to direct attention to an advertisement appearing in another column whereby it appears that a bazaar will . shortly be held at Ka^ina, the proceeds of which? will be devoted to the building fund of the nev Congre gaticraal Church. The ladies ofthe congregation will be happy to receive contributions. We {JBallarat Star) learn that the Japan whaler, which was fitted out from Melbourne by Messrs Osborne, Gushing, and Co., has captured a whale which -is expected to yield 75 barrels of oil, and that she had made fast to another,'which she had unfortunately lost. The crew are described as being a fine body of-men, and in good heart, and the owners of . the vessel are confident of their ability to obtain the bonus offered by the Govern ment. Wm. Bamford, the common hangman; at the Melbourne gaol, was brought before *he City Court, Melbourne, on Friday, as a vagrantiandj as it was shown that he never honestly-obtained a living except, by pulling a fellow creature to death according to law, he was sent to'gaol for two months. The wretched man is seldom-out of gaol when not employed in his repulsive vocation. -Age. The Argus writes Mr Macgregor, in oppos ing on Tuesday the large powers granted to the Governor in Council under the newiand Bill, created a. roar of. laughter in the Assembly by pointing out tliat the Governor in Council could forfeit the selection of a stalwart countrymen by declaring that he was " a married woman,* that the- poor bellow wonld have no redress would be perfectly powerless to show that he bad been wrongly described. Speakjng of colonial newspapers, a writer in the European Times, who adopts the nom de plume of " An-Anglo-Australian in Iiondon," says "some of- them are the wonder of Englishmen who see them. The leading < Australian news papersare as well got up and printed as their English contemporaries, andlhardly know where to look here for a paper, for instance, like thfe Australasian. These silent proofs of the progress^ of our colonial, empire are more convincing than all the speeches of orators." According to the same authority, Mr Harwood, : 3®f; the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, after a diligent search in Lon don for stars, says he finds that he cannot improve upon his present company. At the Wheal Hughes things are going on as usual. ?? ... . Nothing of importance has transpired at the Poona. In the 80 fin.' west the lode has improved «lightly j it contains a little more black ore than . formerly... A.tt4he Paramatta, in-No 1 shaft, at the.40 £m. level, ifren ? are. engaged in driving towards the "Wheal Hughes.: . The>|bde is improving, and is carrying a, leader of solid ore upwards of eight inches wide. Id the cross cat, driving; west at this level, nothing .of importance has been Wet with; Represent"breast" is letting out water, jUsbfying the hope that the lode is being neared. ... The branch of ore at the .32 fin. level, near the. Wheal Hughes, is now worked on tribute, The SO fin. level, in JTo. 2 shaft, is being worked with all possible force to intersect the "shoot " of ore coming down from the level above. The lode in this end- is about eight feet wide, carrying good rocks of:ore, but not payable. It is anticipated that the ground containing payable ore will be met with in about six fathoms farther, driving. The 22 fin. level (north) is being driven 45 fin. through a continuous course of ore, and the lode in the present end is over two feet wide, and com posed of solid bell-metal ore. U"o. 3, or the engine shaft, is being sunk below the the 22, and is down about two fathoms. The lode in the bottom of the shaft is about eleven feet wide, and contains ore .more or less throbghoufc, averaging f twelve tons of ore to the fathom. A winze is in course of sinking in the bottom of the 22 fin. level, midway between Uos. 2 and 3 shafts, in which only a portion of the lode is being carried. This is yielding five tons of ore to the fathom. There are tiiree stopes working- in the back of the 22, by 18 men, and are yielding ninety tons of ore per week, of a quality averaging 20 per cent. At the Kb. 4 shaft driving is being is being carried on, both north and south on the course of the lode, which at present is of small dimensions. On the floors of the Paramatta Mine there aw now nearly 400 tons of ore, whichwill.be shipped in the course of a few days; and which will, it is thought, have no unbeneficial effect on the forth coming half-yearly balance- sheet. At the Parrara men in the deep shaft are engaged in catting across the lode, trying to strike the hanging wall. As far as operations have at present gone, little else has been found but spar and -steatite, with occasional stains of copper. Other men a,re engaged in sinking trial pits on the i course of the lode, with, it is said, fair prospects of success. At the ISuko the shaft is being vigorously sunk j B Party of nine men j "the lode; is composed"ofj steatite, stained gosen, and it is believed that-ore j will shortly be met with in payable quantities. On Tuesday last, at the North-East Moonta, the men .came upon another large lode, composed principally of epar, iron, and shoal. At the Challa matters are proceeding much as usuaL In the perpendicular ishaft at the Wheal James men have been engaged during the past week in putting in a footway from the 20 to the 32 fin. level, and in "dividing" down the footway from the whim shaft, for haulage purposes. In diving the joints of the stone forming the lode were found thickly charged with yellow sulphuret of copper, and from the general appearance of the country it is supposed that .a payable lode will shortly be met with. At the new shaft the man are down about eleven fathoms. Tne lode is seven feet wide and is composed principally of steatite and spar, some of the joints of the stone being charged with green carbonate of copper. The workings in the shaft is pushed on with vigor, and the prospects of the proprietaiy are deemed to be of a favorable nature. Under the Moonta, Prospecting Company men are employed in costaening on the back of a very strong lode. At the meeting of the Marine Board this week, the President, whilst admitting that the lightship on the Tipara reef required to have the reflecting power of its lantern increased, is reported to have said "if vessels would try to pick up rocks and reefs, as the barque Meander has tried to do in that neighbourhood, and pay no attention to the sailing directions given, and use the lead, it mattered little where the Iiightship was, placed." Anything more unjust to the Captain of the Meander, it would have been difficult to say. Besides, the inaccuracy of the statement is carried , fli® face of it. In the name of all that is rea sonable, we would ask what Captain with a laden vessel in charge " would try to pick up rocks and tieefs," thus perilling his own life and that of his ^v?ew ? The feet i-, the Meander was beating up the gulf against a strong head wind, and -either the night was so dark or the light was so feeble that neither the Captain nor bin look out could see the faintest glimmer from the lainterns. Under such circumstances to touch'upon the tinde lienfited rock is surely insufficient to justify the "? graw censure the President of the Marine Board lias attempted to cast. Of Minders ?tere parted with at Moonta on Mbnday, forlOs raniltoromes at 12s. ; The following particulars respecting the pro posed Catholic Churchat Moonta, the foundation stone <»f which was laid by Bishop Shiel, reached fete for our last iBsueThe title of the Church is to be Saint Francis. The building will be in the Gothic style, and the dimensions fifty eet in length by twenty-fire in breadth. -The contractor for the wort is MrBossiter, of Moonta, and the cost about £600.; The design of the building was drawn by Messrs Wright and Hamilton. We beliere we are correct in stating that an understanding has been arrived at between the Moonta Mining Company and the Wallaroo, whereby the latter agrees to take of the former not less than 200 tons of ore per week to be locally smelted. This, we may remark, is an amount not equal to quite one half of what the Moonta Company usually raises on an average. But it will be noticed that the Wallaroo Company is said to take not less than 200 tons per week, consequently, it may, should circumstances per mit, take even three or four hundred tons. We understand that the price of the ore per ton is to be governed by and coincide with the English rates; also, that the idea of amalgamating the two companies has been virtually abandoned. The anniversaiy of :,he establishment of a Tent of the Band of Hope, at Kadina, was celebrated on Thursday evening, June 24, in Mr Gaskell's schoolroom, kindly lent for the occasion. During t-ie afternoon the town was paraded bv quite a number of members of the Tent, and of kindred societies from the district around. In the evening the large schoolroom was crowded, and after a hymn had been sung, prayer was offered by Mr W. F. Wood. Mr Beskeen was then called to take the chair, which he did, and after making a few remarks having reference to the cause of temperance, he called upon the Secretary for his report. By this it appeared that the Tent was opened in July of last year, since when ninety six names have been put on the roll, eighty- two of whom are at present good on the books; and the amount to the credit of the sick relief fund was £175. He then alluded to the word " hope " as being equally applicable to either sea or land ; and their Tent was the Hop^ of Kadina. After referring to the Reeliabites, ^ho followed the custom of Jonadab, the son of ^echab, as men tioned in the Book of Jeremiah, thf speaker re sumed his seat; and the Chairman oalled atten tion to the fact of one public-house being adver tised to be let, and the landlords of others grum bling about the badness of trade caused by revivals , and teetotalism. After this the choir sang a piece of music, " Crown him Lord of all" which was encored. The Bev. S. Raymond *as then called upon, who related an anecdote of a man who sold his herd of <£ws, one after another, to satisfy bis cravings for.^rmk, thus drinking the whole of his capital. The" choir then sang "All things are possible to . me," which was rendered in good style. Mr Hammence was next called upon, who said he was glad to find himself amongst Teetotallers, Rechabites, and Christians. He referred to the state of drunkenness that existed m Wallaroo some thne ago; but, he was glad to I say, a, marked improvement had t^keu place in the habits of the working-classes both in Wallaroo and Kadina. In the former place one or two publics were about to give up the ghost, and he trusted the rest wojild soon have to follow their example. He then drew attention. to the danger signal posted above each public-house doorway, which ought to be avoided by all, as inside of that light there was a quicksand which engulfed all who stepped upon it. The services of the choir were again called into requisition, after which Mr (Jill spoke at some length, and recited an original piece of poetry, which evoked roars of laughter. The choir followed, singing "The realms of the oest." Mr Wearnell proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the ladies who had kindly provided tfce good things of which they pertaken of,'which propo sition was seconded by Mr Bough and carried un animously. MrPenber% proposed and Mr Son nocks seconded a vote of thankz to the Band for their valuable services, which was also carried. Wood proposed and Mr Tippett seconded a vote [ to the Chairman and visitors, which was carried I Mr Gill responding. Mr Treglone proposed aRd Mr Yelland seconded a vote of Mum 1T to tjie Press. Mr Bough proposed and Mr Tippefct seconded a vote of thanks to Mr Oaskcll; aiid after these had been carried, the doxology sum, and the benediction pronoupced, the meeting dis persed. The following instance of ap attack made upop d buman being by a kangaroo* is, we believe almost unexampled. During the present week a son of Mr Geo. Wood, of Green's Plains, whilst out, saw a very large old man kangaroo, which allowed him to go so near to it that he pelted it with a stone. Instead of running away the kan garoo made amah at iJieboy, tearing hisnose sad mouth frightfully, and also ripping up his clothes. Fortunately a dog; came ''up sand attacked the brute, ;thas ' allowing the boy, "who it ;is thought probable .wo'iild have been killed, to escape. An houraffcerwards Mr Wood happened to be pass-, ing^and seeing the freshjtracks followed them till he came to the kangaroo,- which sat up and fac&d; him. Finding that it would not be driven away, he* went home, a distance of two miles, for his giin| . and on his return found the marsuial awaiting him. ? A charge of buck shot decided the business; and the old man when killed was found to measure over seven feet in length. Surely kan garoos are becoming either very numerous or dar ing on Green's Plains. . ? , The last new tariff of the Hon. the Commis sioner of Public Works is reported to be produc tive of satisfactory results. Consignors are avail ing themselves of the facilities offered to them for hiring trucks; and, in consequence, the traffic on the opposition line-that is, the main, road made parallel with the line by the Central Road Board -is diminishing. This will be a saving to the country of something like £6000 per annum. Hitherto it has had to pay the interest on the money borrowed to construct the railroad with; and about £100 per mile per annum for the main tenance of the main road made parallel with the line for sixty miles by the Central ILoad Board. . 