ANCIENT ANSLO-SAXON MARRIAGE . . CEREMONIES. By the Anglo-Saxons the bond of matri mony, was held to be most sacred. - No man could lawfully marry without first obtaining the consent of the woman's Mundbora, or guardian, who was her father if livings and if not some other near relation. If such a con sent was not obtained, the husband was liable to penalties, and he acquired no legal rights over either the "wife or her goods. I?or this consent the lovers always paid a mede or priced in the nature of a present, according to the .rank of the lady. It was therefore advantageous tb a. father that the "spindle side," or female part of his family, to use Alfred's term, should out number tne " spear side," or male members thereof. The parties were solemnly contracted, and a friend of the bridegroom became surety for the woman's, good treatment and maintenance. Her dowry was fixed; and all the relations of both parties within the third degree were invited j to the marriage feast. . Each one made some present to the couple ; and the Mundbora gave them arms-, furniture^ cattle and money. This was called the faderfrum, or father's gif£ and was ail the fortune the bridegroom received. On the day before the wedding, which generally took place within six or eight weeks from the tutte of the contract, the in vited iriends of the bridegroom went to his house, where they spent the day in feasting. On' the next morning they went armed and on horseback to the house of the bride, under the. conduct of the foremost man, .to receive her, and conduct her to her husband. This martial show was both for compliment and to prevent a rescue by any, former lover. The bride was led by a matron, called the brides woman ; followed by many jroung women, termed the bridesmaids, and attended by her mundbora and other male relations. On her arrival she was received by the bridegroom, and solemnly betrothed by her guardian. Theuaited compauies then proceeded to the church, attended by musicians. No marriage was lawful without the mundbora was present at the ceremony, and he gave the bride .tar the bridegroom, saying, " I give her to thee to he ,thy .honour and, thy wife: to keep thy keys and share with thee in thy bedandgoods.5' Theiparties received the nuptial benediction from the priest, sometimes under a veil or piece of cloth, called the care-cloth, held at each corner by a man, to conceal the -brides -blushes ; but this was not used in cases where the- bride was a widow. A'fter the benedic tion both parties were crowned with flowers, which were kept in the church for the pur pose. A ring was used at the marriage as well as at the betrothal. Some authors say that at the marriages of the Anglo-Saxons the mundbora presented the bridegroom with one of the bride's -shoes, as a token of the transfer-of authority ; and she was made to feel the: change by a blow on;tbe head given with the shoe. The huisband was bound by oath to use his wife well, on failure of which she might leave him but he was allowed ito bestow a moderate casftigation upon her. After the marriage ceremony all the company, returned to the bridegroom's house, where was held the wedding feast, * At night -the bride was conducted to her chalnber and put fco bed by the women, and the bridegroom was in like, manner attended by. the men. The couple both being in. bed, their health were druuk in their presfence by all the com pany. On the next morningi, when the bride groom rose, he gave his bride a morgengabe, or morning gift,-which became her separate property, and was the ancient pin- money. AM the company came to the chamber before the couple rose, to hear this gift declared, after which they feasted iagainfor several days, until the provisions were consumed, and then, having made presents to the husband, they departed. The wedding dresses-of the bride, and three of her maidens, and of the bride groom and his attendants, were of A peculiar fashion and colour^ and might not be worn on any other occasion. The^e. dresses wete at first the perquisites of. the musicians who At tended the marriage, but in later times - they were given to some church or abbey.-The Wedding Day In all Ages atid Countries. LOED ABERDEEN--Le . Figaro tells an anecdote of Lord Aberdeen and M Guizot, apropos of the subject x>f elections, which is just now one . of much consideration iii. France. M Guizot, was walking in the park of Haddo-house with Lord Aberdeen. All at once the English statesmen stopped him before a cottage of very modest appearaaacp. "There," said he "is a small house, which recalls to my mind a great shame of my political life." "An act of violence?" asked M Guizot. " Judge you-I had there a cottager, a fine fellow, but horribly an noying, who in every election conflict never, lost the opportunity of opposing me." " -Did you turn bim oiat?'* * but X reduced fry©ne-ip^^*^ idimiijtshed, the small farmer was no longer, au^Iector, < and could riq^qrejqraoy^^ A Heal HEEO-A ,Toitghin(»: iSogi^B'"i$x SEA.-Two pejel^s^ago, onfeoard; an,^SgUsh steamer, a little. Ragged boy, aged'nifite^y&ars; was discoveredon the forth day <?f; A^ voy age out from Liverpool tb^ 2$e^'W<OT7'S&d; carried before the first mate, whose dttty it was to deal with, such cases. .Whtein. ques tioned^ as to Ms object of being Sjtowed]away and who brought himon bot.Td, the boy, who had a beautiful sunny face, and eyes that look ed like the very mirrors of troth, replied that I his stepfather did it,because he could not&fford; to keep him, nor to fpay his -passage out to Halifax, where he had au aunt who was well off, and to whose house hewas going. The mate did not believe tjie 8tory, ia Bpite of the winning face and truthful accent? q| the boy. He has seen too much of stowaway to be easily deceived by them, he said ; and it was his firm conviction that the boy had been brought on board and provided with food by the sailors.-. The" ijtt|e; fellow waS very roughly handled in consequence.. i>ay by day he was questioned and xequestionCd but always with the same result. He. did not know a sailor on board, and his father alone bad secreted him and given him the food which he ate. At last the mate nrearfed by the boy's p insistence in the same story, and perhaps a little auxious to hiculpate the sailors, seized him one day by the collar and dragged him to the fore, told him that Sinless he told the truth in ten minutes frpm that time he would hang him from the yard-arm. He then made him sit down upder it on the deck. All around him were the passengers and sailors of the midway watch, andjn front of him stood the inexorable mate, with his chronometer in. his hand, and the other officers of: the ship by his side. It was the finest site*, said our informant, th&t; he eycr beheld-to see the pale, proud, sorrowful face of that noble boy, his head ^erect, bis beautiful eyes bright, through the tears that suffused them.. When eight minutes had fled I the mate told be had but two iniuntes to liv©, and advised him to speak the truth and iave his life; but ;lie replied with the litmogft simplicity and; sincerity .by asking the mate if he might pray. The mate saidnothing, but nodded bis head and turned as pale afefli ghost, and shook with trembling like; a refefl with the wind. And .there, all eyes turned on him, tbe brave and noble little fellow* this poor waif whom society owned not, add whose own stepfather could not care forihhn -there he knelt'with clasped hands and^eyea upturned"4 to heaven, while fee: repeated audibly, 1 he Jtiord's Prayer, and prayed tbe fltiar Jesus to t&ke;'bim io/heaveh. Our informant adds that -there then occurred a scene as.'of Pentecost. Sobs broke- frotA strong hard hearts as the mate sprahgforward to the boy and clasped him to his Bosom,snd kissed hi H I and blessed him, and told bimhow sincerely he now believed -his stoiy, andfaow glad he was he.had been brave 'enough toface death and be willing , to sacrifice his life for the truth of his word.-New York Sun. Among the curiosities exhibited at General Sabine's recent conversazione in London was a specimen of a peculiar kind of clay, natned "turba," brought from Brazil. The name can hardly be accepted as descriptive^ for the substance does not resemble turf, but has the appearance of anochreous clay^yefci unlike clay, it is remarkable lights This turba-so to call it-is rich in oil, and specif meus of the oil in various stages of prepara tion were shown. Hence its value as an article of commerce is .considerable;, and as there are prodigious deposits of turbaonthe coast about thirty miles from Bahia, it can be as readily shipped as guano.' Taken in connexion ^wifch our prospective exhaustion, of coal, arid increasing necessity of burning concentrated liquid fuel in sea-going steam ers,. .this .discovery is ihe more important. We hear that a company is forming to make it available. Turba takes fire readily atari ordinary flame. Xfc is, .perhaps, one of the kinds of fat earth eaten by the natives of South America. s The Argus says-.:-"A telegram from Sydney makes an announcement which, If true, or only approximately correct, would be-calculated to create immense excitement among the searchers for gem stontes. Accord ing to this statment, about the accuracy of which we must confess to entertaining very great doubts, there has been found iii a creek on Perry's Station, in theneighborhood of Armidale,a diamond weighing 7ozl8dwt The stone, it is added, is on its way 4b Sydney sutder police esccrfi, and is [ekpecte& to airive| in that cityto-day. -If nthe- state ment be not a hoax, a mistake may have been made as to the true character of the stoni which may be a white topaz, or ^ <an teri*or fallen into with respect i» its weight. heaviest diamond in the world, the jBragdhkii weighs 1880 carats, or about 13% oz ;>bdt doubts are thrown upon its being a. diamond at all.. The X3rloff weighs IQ^fcatats y^tHd Eegent or Pitt diamondj 136f; the Florefic tiue Brilliant, 1S9^ ; and the Koh^-JSco** d ubious 'intelligence from. Sydney iwere^td prove to: be Capable of verificjki&a;, JfiSW South Wales would have ^given to 4he nrt)M$ the weightiest diamond, with one exce^Jtibfi^ that has ever been discovered) amounting to something like llOO carats," 