TELEGRAPHIC. [FROM! OUR TELEGRAPHIC correspondents - TOOWOOMBA. January 23 Heavy rains fell on Saturday and yesterday The condition of the country is rapidly improving. MARYBOROUGH. January 25. The Central Sugar Company has finished the season's crushing, and has made 130 tons of sugar and 160 hogsheads of rum. The manufacture of the latter article will be continued to the next crushing. Rain has fallen every night for the past week and supplies of vegetables are abundant. The weather is very warm. Twenty Kanakas have come in from Kew belle Station ; they are going down to Brisbane. GYMPIE. January 25. An intimation has been received from the Treasury that the stamp duty will be imposed on mining licenses. The local Mining Court has passed resolutions strongly condemning this procedure on the part of Government, and has ordered the Registrar not to refuse to make records on account of the absence of a stamp. The Commissioner and Dr. Byrne dissented from the decision of the Court. Ten tons of cap stone from the prospects claim, St. Patrick's Reef, has yielded 40 asks. 10 tons from the new shaft, same reef, has yielded 429 ozs. ROCKHAMPTON. January 25. Thunderstorms have occurred during the '?, past week almost incessantly. Heavy rain comes I menced to fall at 2 a.m. this morning, and continued for seven hours. It has now cleared off. The diggings are quiet. Crushing returns fair. A new rush has broken out to a place named Stony Creek, situated fourteen miles from here and eight from Cawarral. There are about six hundred diggers on the ground. There is every probability of its being a permanent gold-field. SYDNEY. January 23. The Hellespont, from this port, is reported to have been lost off San Francisco. The officers and eleven of the crew are missing. The banks have raised their exchanges on London one per cent, premium. Last year's imports are valued at six millions eight hundred and fifty thousand pounds. The Bulli Coal Company have declared a dividend of ten per cent. A letter from Batavia says the pseudo Count Von Attems has confessed to his swindles, and would be certain to receive a heavy sentence. His yacht, the Hamlet's Ghost, has been sold for two hundred pounds. 