THE PROVINCIAL COUNCIL OP THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. The seoand Provincial Council of the Catholic Clrarch in Anstrnlia will bo opened to-morrow by His Graco tho Archbishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of Anstrnlia, in St. Patrick's Cathedral, nt 10 a.m. The various prelates and dignitaries who are to tako part in tho council have already arrived, and most of them aro stay ing at the honae of the Catholio Bishop, juc ixuuiu. Amongst tuem nro ur Folding, Bishop of Sydney; Dr Mnrphy, Bishop of Hobart Town ; Dr Quia, BiBhop of Brisbane ; Dr Matthew Qnin, Bishop of Balhnrst ; Dr Murray, Bishop of Maitland ; Dr Lmigan, BiBhop of Goulburn ; Dr Sheil, Bishop of Ade laide; and Dr Lynch, the administrator of Armidalo. Perth (Western Australia) is tbo only diocese unrepresented. Each bishop is accompanied by his vicar-general, his chaplain, and theologian, and some ot them have as many as fivo priests iu attendance. All tho archdea- conB and other dignitaries from overy part in Victoria are in town, and tho council will he attended by about seventy clergymen. The opening will bo a vory interesting cere monial, as may bo seen from the following pro gramme of tho ceremonies to bo observed : 1. Tho_ Archbishop, tho Suffragan Bishops, the administrators of the vnoant sees, tho vicars - general, archdeacons, deans, and the other clergy, having vested, movo in solomu procession to the prinoipal door of the cathedral. 2. The cantors intono the LitonieB of tho Blessed Virgin (all respond ing). 3. The order of procession will be as follows:— I. Tho thurifer with thnrible. II. Cross-bearer with tho acolytes. III. Sanctuary attendants. IV. All the clergy of the various dioceses. V. The Suffragan Bishops, fol lowed by VI. His Grace the Arohbishop. 4\. Having arrived at tho High Altar, and made the usual genuflection, they bow to one an other, and retire to thoir respective places, where they remain standing nntil tho arrival of tho Metropolitan, who genuflects at tho foot of tho altar, and begins tho Mass of tho Holy Ghost. High Mass is then celebrated, and the Synodieal procession moves round tho church. The hymn, " Ave Maria Stolla," is then snng, and, at tlio conclusion of tho first verso, tho «uuyi.cguuuu Will iUttVO IDG cuarcn. TilO rest of tho oervico is porf armed in tho presence only of tho conncil, and includes a number ot psalms and a form of prayer for the delibera tions of tho conncil, and tho profession of faith of Pius IV. Tha business ot tho Synod is commenced, and tho procession, after receiving tho archbishop's blossiug, retires from the church in tho same order as they entered. Tho sermon will bo preached by Dr. Shiel, tho Bishop of Adelaide, and tho music will bo performed hy a largo choir of vocalists and instrumentalists nnder tho direction of Mr Pringlo. In the evening pontifical vespera will he celebrated in tho presence of tho Synod. Tho business of the Council will bo transacted oach day in the house of the bishop. The principal bnsiness to bo discussed refers, wo understand, to mixod marriages, to tho ques tion of oducation and to somo matters of dis cipline. On Thursday a coremouial will tako plaoo at bt. Francis' very nearly similar to that of to-moiTow ; and on tbo following Snnday another similar ceremony will bring the Conn cil to a close. Destruction of Clark's Boiioer Saw Mills, Bullauooh Forest. — At abont 11 o'clock on Thursday night, a fire broke out at tho saw-mills belonging to Mr Honry Clark, in tho Bullarook forest. From Mr Clark's own statement, says the Star, it appears that he went to bed botween half-past 9 and 10 o'clock on Thnraday night, and utter ho had beon in bed a short timo, a man knocked at tho window and asked for tho loan of somo money, which Sir Clark refasod. Tho man then loft. At about 11 o'clock on the samo night, and throo- quarters of an hour after tho mun left, it was discovered that tho mill was on fire at the most northern point, und aa tho wind was blowing from the north at the timo, tho wholo mill was Boon in Il imoB. Ti tvno SmnnoaSkiA get tbo il lines under, although every means at band was tried, water being thrown on tbo burning building with buckets. Mr Clark thinks that tlicro is a possibility of the engino being jit for ubo again, but everything else that was Jnu time has boon destroyed. There wero about twenty saws destroyed, aud they average about £6 each in value. A lot ; o£ lie belttj £ot th? wheqlSj which Ifttely purchased by Mr Clark, were also burnt, ari« the loss is estimated at £1200. The mill was in good working order, and covered a block of ground about sixty feot square. Great difli oulty .was experienced iu saving the etablee, which were situated on the south-east side of the miil, and in whioh eight valnable draught horses had been placed the same evening, but the animals were harnessed and got out in safety. Some of tho logs that had been placed upon ; the skids ready for sawing were still burning on Friday, and appeared likely to burn for some time. Mr Clark bad no insurance upon the mill, althongh this is the second time be baa been burnt ont. It is imagined that the fire Jb tbo work of an incendiary, - , ; s ' 