ADVENTURES OE A THEATRE PROPRIETOR. {From Spring Creek Leader.) "Wo Iiavo to relate ono of tho most remarkable episodes tn real lifo that has yet hoon rovcalcd on this gold-field. About thrco months ago, a respectably dressed, smart looking gentleman makes lils debut on Spring Creek, as a partner In a flourishing hotel and theatre business. Ho introduced an accomplished young Indy as his wifo, and by lits activity mid gentlemanly Imbi ts, makes himself conspicuous amongst lils convivid friends, nnd becomes a general favourito both off and on tho stage. His personal appearance, raven hair, neat well-trimmed jct moustache, poltto manners, fashionable attire and good address, rendered him a lion among lils gondcr, tho pride of the platform, and bolovcd of the barmaids. He goes to Molbotirno, engages a company, tells them of a magnifi- cent hotel, commodious theatre, crowded houses, liberal diet and wages, and they fold up their muslins, pack up their slippers, wigs and weapons, nnd finally bid adieu to tho metropolis to pursuo their career on a now Eldorado. Arrived at their destination, ideal visions of comfortable quarters, magnificent building and wonltby proprletors aro dlspollcd. Weatherboard walls, unpinned and un- painted ; 'audiences, demonstrative enough, breathing forth volumes of smoke, form part of tho dreary prospect. The curtain fell on act the first, and the deluded damsels, tho too confiding father, nmbtlio other professionals wcro undeceived. The prospect ' was anything but pleasing-monoy anything but plentiful. Cer- tainly thcro was plenty to cat and drink, nnd bo merri; with, for store- keepers were credulous, wino and spirit merchants cager for orders, and Arm ranked high in pnblio estimation. Tho Then tro was nightly crowded. Our friend D. sang and acted on tho plat- form, walked thc stago with the majestic airs of an old professional sweet, mngleal and bewitching, with tho touch of tho bow in tho orchestra beneath. Honorer thcro ls an end to all things, and thcro was nn end to D's days of felicity and ? conjugal bliss. Creditors bceauio pressing, beneilts beenmo plentiful, so plentiful that nt lost they would not take. Even tho Heathcote hospital withdrew its support and administered a sharp rclmko to the proprietors for using its linnie for thoir advantage ; rapacious linmbailiffs haunted tho house night and day Tho money taken nt tho doors disappeared, and poor servants wanted to know, you know, whore tho proceeds went to. lints forsnke n sinking ship, nnd tho public began to. forsako the Varieties. There was nn attempt mado to resuscitate tho fallon prodigy, bnt lt proved fruitless, Tho once gaudy curtains grow dusty with disuse ; tho scenery lost Its gay effect, and the once brilliantly lighted hall revelled nightly in darkness; tho paint Hod from tho forlorn countenances of tho disappointed company ; tho wires of tho wonderful "nppolonian nntlphono" vibrated no moro by tho touch of tho unpaid Angers, mid tho " Marionettes" con- cealed their ant'es in a cordial manufactory. Tho lively and ver- satile." U." had ninny plc-nics, and tho best Sinclair's hams wera gubblcd up on tho banks of tho Goulburn without the slightest compunction, regardless ot tho tradesman's bill. At length tho poor printer took the alarm, and beat a fruitless chose, until " D" pleaded paver y, and ho forgave him. Ono morning tho hotel is closed, and placards announcing tho sale of tho property cover Its walls. Just about this Hmo a sham attompt ls mada to prosccttto the proprietors for Illicit grog selling, but the revenuo Inspector ls dofeatod-tho ovldenco ls Insuflleicnt-and .' D." escapes. Tho ! house ls sold under a bill of sale, tho broken-hearted creditors turn up ino wanes 01 moir eyes io Heaven, ann ino paic-iaccu actor (Uko Hamlet's ghost) tokes o lost agonising look at the scene of his misfortunes, and "skedaddles." lliit--"D." hos a bolder port to play i ho don't runaway-by no moans, although hts fair and angelic partnor of his griefs and sorrows has turncd'tlio back of hor crinolina on Spring Creek, and her foco towords Melbourne, ho lingers behind, tokos un his lodgings in tho contra of tho town- ship, and forms an nciiuslntanco with his recent persecutor, tho revenue Inspector. At an cally hour ono morning tho driver of a glngcr-lieer convoyanco belonging to ono of his victims, hlinsolf on tile point of collapsing, ls accosted by " 1)." who, for tho purpose ot airing his dark moustache nnd clean paper collar, accompanies him on a tour amongst lils Humorous customers. Of course somo of tba uullconied shanty koopors suspect tho luto proprietor of an unliconscd hotel ; and " D" docs a capitol stroke in hts new capa- city of informer, scouring in a vary short timo no less than thirty defaulters. " 1)." ls much mora libarnl than usual ; his thirst ls insatiable, and hts companion readily bcltovcs him tho Jolliest of. dogs. Ag lin tho curtain drops on " IV' i but tho interval botweon the scones ls short, nnd when no.it lt risos tho stage Is transferred from tho Lyceum theatre to tbo Heathcote, whore justice sits in solemn dignity beforo a crowded audience, surrounded by a portly array of lawyers, reporters, constables, and process- servers. Ono after another tho unlicensed vendors of beer aro brought to account, a few aro fined, mid some escapo. Dut,'alas for tho cuds of justice, tho ilrst of tho "IV batch aro called upon, but tho summonses aro discovered to bo destitute of tho stamp and seal, ami tho day of retribution, to tho dismay of tho roronuo inspootor nnd tlu quondam friend " l>." ls necessarily postponod. The curtain falls once moro. A few days elapso, and again it rises. Tills time tho sceno is in tho bar ot an hoto: in tho centra of the township. Detective O'Leary stands ojongsido^of " D." adminis- tering to his wants and inviting lijrn to toko a walk. They ioove in company, wending their way towards tho police station, whero they bado an affectionate farewell nt the door, tn perfect amazement tho simulo amntouru caught the nows and learned thc particulars of " D's " wonderful transformations. Tho spurious " D " was a genuino "C." Hut a few months before, his raven hair, so black ami glossy, had boen a light brown, his shaven chin had worn a bushy beard of goodly dimensions. Ills occupa- tion was that of a drover. Entrusted with a flock of sheep to take to Beechworth, ho Is said to have sold 400 at Kuthcrglen ami decamped with tho proceeds on tho 8th of December, last, lue rest wo have already related. Visiting Spring Creek Immediately afterwards, ho purchased a half Interest In the only large placo ol amusement on tho rush, it ls supposed with the proceeds of his Hock. -Yesterday, he was the llrst to figure before tho bench in a new court house, and was remanded to Rutherglen. Tho proprie- tors of the shanties who were about to bo prosecuted hem a general rejoicing, and sacrificed that remaining stock of spirts at the shrlno oí persecuted Bacchus. So terminates this exciting drama for the present, and the curtain involuntarily falls on tho career of an eminent actor. V_ 