The Nobelist. ANNE HEREFORD. CHAPTER XVIII. IN THE PINE-WALK. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." Is this to be a full confession ? When my solitary dinner was brought in, and Hickens said his master dined at Warsall, I felt half sick with disappointment. What was I coming to ? Something not good, I fear, if I could feel like that ; and I sat down after dinner to take my- self to task. Why did I love him ? That I could not help now ; but I could help encouraging it. And yet—could I help it, so long as I stayed at Chandos ? I foresaw how it would be ; a short period of time—it could not be a long one— and Madame de Mellissie would be there and carry me away with her, and end it. I should get another situation, and never see or hear of Chandos again, or of him. Better go away at once than wait until my heart broke ; better go to the fever, as Mrs. Penn had said ! "Why ! What's the matter ?" He had come up to the open window, riding whip in hand, having alighted at the gates, and left his horse to the groom. There was no possibility of concealment, and my face was blistered with crying. "I felt a little dull, sir." "Dull ! Ah, yes ; of course you do," he con- tinued as he came into the room, and stood with me at the window. "I wish I could be more with you, but duties of various kinds call me elsewhere." The very thing I had been thinking ought not to be ! My tears were dried, but I felt ashamed of my burning face. "Would you please to let me have that money, Mr. Chandos ?" "What money ?" "Some I asked you for. Enough to take me to Nulle." "You shall have as much money as you please, and welcome. But not to take you to Nulle." "Oh, sir ! I must go." He paused, looking at me. "Will you tell me why you want to go there, knowing that it might be dangerous ?" "I have not anywhere else to go. I don't suppose the fever would come near me. In all French schools there is, you know, an infirmary apart." "Then your motive is to quit Chandos ? Why ?" I did not speak. Only hung my head. "Is it because you find it dull ? Are you so unhappy in it ?" "It is not dull to me ; only at moments. But I ought to leave it, because—because the longer I stay, the worse the going away will be." But that I was confused and miserable, I should not have told him anything so near the fact. The words slipped from me. There was no reply, and I looked up to find his eyes fixed earnestly upon mine. "Only think, sir, for yourself," I stammered, "I am but a governess ; accustomed to be at work from morning until night. After this life of ease and idleness, how shall I be able to re- concile myself to labour again ?" "It seems to me that you ought to welcome this interval as a rest. You know best about that, of course. But, whether or not, there is no help for it. Do you think my mother would suffer you to go to the fever ?" "I don't know," I answered, with a catching sob. "Yes, I think you do know. I should not." "You are too kind to me, Mr. Chandos." "Am I ? Will you repay it by giving me some tea ? I am going up to my mother, and shall expect it ready when I come down. Put out and cool, mind, ready to drink. I am as thirsty as a fish." I ran to the bell ; he meant to forestall me, and his hand fell on mine as it touched the handle. He kept his there while he spoke. "Can you not be happy at Chandos a little longer ?" "Oh, sir, yes. But it will only make the leaving worse when it comes." "Well, that lies in the future." Yes, it did lie in it. And in the throbbing bliss his presence brought, I was content to let it lie. Parting could not be worse in the future than it would be now. The tea had time to get cold instead of cool, for he stayed a long while in the west wing. He seemed very tired ; did not talk much, and said good-night early. It must have been getting on for 11 o'clock the next morning. Mr. Chandos had been ask- ing me to sew a button on his glove. "They are always coming off," he cried, as he watched my fingers. "My belief is, they are just pitched on to the gloves, and left there. I have heard Harriet say the same ; she sews them on in general." "Why did you not give her this one ?" I had been laughing, and was in high spirits ; and until the words were out, it did not strike me that it was not quite the right thing for me to say, even in a joke. "Because I like you to do it best." "There it is, sir. Are there any more ?" If there were, he had no time to give them me. A sharp decisive knock at the room door, and Mrs. Penn came in, looking pale and angry. She has been coming to a rupture with Mrs. Chandos, thought I. But I was wrong. It appeared, by what she began to say, that she had left unintentionally the small bag, or recticule as she called it, in my room the pre- vious evening, and had not thought of it until just now. Upon sending one of the maids for it, she found it had been opened. "Mrs. Penn !" I exclaimed. "It's quite true," she rejoined, almost vehe- mently, as she held out the bag. "Do you re- member seeing me put the letter in the bag, Miss Hereford ? The letter I was too late to send away ?" "Yes ; I saw you put it in and lock the bag." "Just so. Well, while I talked with you afterwards, I presume I must have let the bag slip on the window-seat ; and forgot it. This morning, not long ago, I missed it, looked every- where, and it was only by tracing back to where I last remembered to have had it, that I thought of your room, and that I might inad- vertently have left it there. I sent Emma to look ; and when she brought me the bag, I found it had been opened." "Opened !" I repeated. "Opened," she fiercely affirmed. And then, perhaps our very calmness recalling her to her- self, she went on in a quiet tone. "I am sure you will make allowance for me if I appear a little excited. I do not seek to cast suspicion on anyone; but I cannot deny that I am both annoyed and angry. You would be so yourself, Mr. Chandos, did such a thing happen to you," she added, suddenly turning to him." "Take a seat, and explain to me what it is that has happened," replied Mr. Cbandos, hand- ing her a chair. " I scarcely comprehend." "Thank you, no," she said, rejecting the seat. "I cannot stay to sit down; I must return to Mrs. Chandos ; it was she who recommended me to come and speak to Miss Hereford. Upon Emma's bringing me the reticule I unlocked it, suspecting nothing, and—" "I thought you said it had been opened, Mrs. Penn ?" "It had been opened. You shall hear. The first thing I saw was my letter, and the red seal looked cracked across. I thought perhaps the bag had fallen sharply to the ground ; but upon my looking at it more attentively I saw it had been opened. See." She put the envelope into Mr. Chandos' hand for examination. It had been opened with a pen-knife, cut underneath, and afterwards fastened down with gum. Of this there was no doubt ; part of the letter had also been cut. "This is very extraordinary," said Mr. Chan- dos, as he turned the envelope about. It was addressed to London, to a medical man. "Yes, it is extraordinary, sir," said Mrs. Penn, with some slight temper, which I am sure he considered excusable. I did. "The note was a private note to the gentleman who has at- tended me for some years ; I didn't write it for the perusal of the world. But that is not the chief question. There must be false keys in the house." "Did you leave your key in the bag, Mrs. Penn ?" "No, sir. I had my keys in my pocket. The lock has not been hurt, therefore it can only have been done with a false key." Remembering my own boxes and Mr. Chan- dos' desk, I felt no doubt that false keys must be at hand. Mrs. Penn said she had not yet spoken to the servants, and Mr. Chandos nodded approval : he would wish to deal with it him- self. For my part I had not seen the bag in my room, except in her possession, and did not notice whether she had carried it away or left it. She quitted the parlour, taking the note and envelope. Mr. Chandos called Hickens and de- sired that Emma should be sent to him. The girl arrived in some wonder. But she could tell nothing ; except that she found the bag lying on the floor by the window-seat, and carried it at once to Mrs. Penn. Harriet was next ques- tioned. She had seen the bag lying in the window- seat the previous evening, she said, when she put the room to rights after Miss Hereford went down to dinner, and left it there, drawing the curtains before it. "Did you touch it ?" asked Mr. Chandos. "Yes, sir. I took it up in my hand, and thought what a pretty thing it was ; I had never seen it before." "Did you open it ?" "Open it ? No, sir, that I did not. I think it was locked, for I saw there was a keyhole ; at any rate, it was close shut. I did not keep it in my hands a moment, but put it down where I found it, and drew the curtains." "Who else went into Miss Hereford's room last evening ?" "Why, sir, how can I tell ?" returned Harriet, after a pause of surprise. "What I have to do in the room does not take five minutes, and I am not anigh it afterwards. Twenty folks might go in and out without my knowing it." That both the girls were innocent there could be no question. Then who was guilty ? In un- drawing the curtains that morning I must have pulled the bag off the window-seat, which caused me not to see it. Hill went into a fit of temper when she heard of the affair. "I don't believe there's one of the maids would do such a thing, Mr. Harry. What should they want with other folks' letters ? And where would they get gum from to stick them down ?" "There's some gum on my mantle- piece, Hill ; I use it with my drawings," I said to her. "Ah, well, gum or no gum, they'd not cut open letters," was Hill's reply, given with ob- stinacy. "There must be false keys in the house, Mr. Chandos," I began, as Hill went out. "There's something worse than that—a spy," was his answer. "Though the one implies the other." And I thought I could have put my hand on her—Lizzy Dene. But it was only a doubt. I was not sure. And, being but a doubt, I did not consider I ought to speak. Another day some money was missed. Mr. Chandos and I were together as usual in the oak- parlour. Opening his desk he called out rather sharply, and I looked up from my work. "So they've walked into the trap, have they !" he cried, searching here and there in it "I thought so !" "What is it, Mr. Chandos ?" I asked ; and he presently turned to me, quitting the table. "These matters have been puzzling me, Miss Hereford. Is it a petty thief that we have in the house, one to crib lace and such trifles ; or is it a spy ? I have thought it may be both : such a thing is not beyond the bounds of possi- bility. A person who took Mrs. Penn's lace would not be likely to take my memorandum- book ; for that must have been done to pry into my private affairs, or those of the Chandos family ; and a spy, aiming at higher game, would keep clear of petty thefts. The taking of Mrs. Penn's letter, I mean the breaking its seal, I do not understand: but, before that was done, I marked some money and put it in my desk ; two sovereigns and two half-crowns. They are gone." "You locked the desk afterwards ?" "Yes. Now I shall act decisively. Mrs. Penn has thought me very quiet over her loss, I dare say, but I have not seen my way at all clear. I do not, truth to say, see it now." "In what way, sir ?" "I cannot reconcile the one kind of loss with the other. Unless we have two false inmates among us. I begin to think it is so. Say nothing at all to anyone, Miss Hereford." He wrote a hasty note, directed it, and sealed it with the Chandos coat-of-arms; then ordered his own groom, James, into his presence. "Saddle one of the horses for yourself, James. When you are ready, come round with him, and I will give you directions." The man was soon equipped. He appeared leading the horse. Mr. Chandos went out, and I stood at the open window. "Are you quite ready to go ?" "Quite, sir." "Mount then." The servant did as he was bid, and Mr. Chandos continued, putting the note he had written into his hands. "Go straight to Warsall, to the police-sta- tion, and deliver this. Do not loiter." James touched his hat, then his horse, and cantered off. Ever since I had seen the police at Mr. Edwin Barley's, at the time of the death of Philip King, I had felt an invincible dread of them ; they were always associated in my mind with darkness and terror. The gens-d'armes in France had not tended to reassure me ; with their flashing uniform, their cocked hats, their conspicuous swords, and their fiery horses ; but the police, there, were quite another sort of people, far more harmless than ours. The worst I saw of them was the never-ending war- fare they kept up with the servant-maids for being late in washing before the doors in a morning. The cook at Miss Barlieu's, Marie, called them old women, setting them at defiance always : but one day they cited her before the tribunal, and she had to pay a fine of five francs. The police arrived in the afternoon ; two, in plain clothes; and Mr. Chandos was closeted with them alone. Then we heard—at least, I did— that the servants' pockets were to be examined, and their boxes searched. I was standing in the hall, looking wistful enough, no doubt, when Mr. Chandos and his two visitors came forth from the drawing-room. "You appear scared," he stayed to say, smil- ing in my face. "Have no fear." They were disappearing down the passage that led to the kitchens and thence to the ser- vant's rooms above, when Mrs. Penn came in with her bonnet on. She gazed after the strangers. "Those look just like police !" she whispered. "What have they come for ?" "About these losses, I believe. Mr. Chandos has again lost something from his desk.'' "What—besides the first loss the other day ?" "Yes. He feels very much annoyed ; and it is enough to make him feel so." "I'd forgive a little bit of pilfering—that is, I would not be too harsh upon the thief," she remarked. "Pretty lace and such like vanities do bear their attractions. But when it comes to violating letters and private papers, that is essentially another affair. What are the police going to do in it ? Do you know ?" "I believe the servants' boxes and pockets are about to be examined." "I should think, then, my lace, at any rate, will come to light," she laughed, as she tripped up the stairs. The process of searching seemed to be pretty long. Mr. Chandos was in the oak-parlour, when one of the officers, who seemed to be superior to the other, came in. "Well, sir," said he, as he took the seat to which Mr. Chandos invited him, "there's no trace of any stolen property about the maids or their boxes. One or two of them had got some love-letters ; they seemed precious more afraid of my reading them than of finding lace or money," he added, with a broad smile. "I just glanced over the epistles, enough to con- vince myself that there was nothing wrong : but there is no game more formidable to be found." Mr. Chandos made no reply. I thought he looked puzzled. "We have hitherto placed great trust in our servants," he observed presently. "But the disappearance of these things is unaccount- able." "There does seem some mystery about it," returned the policeman. "You say, sir, that you are sure of the housekeeper." "As sure as I am of myself." "Shall we search the rooms in the front, above here, sir ? Thieves have a trick of hid- ing things, you know." "No," decisively replied Mr. Chandos. "My mother might hear you ; I could not risk the annoyance to her in her sick state. Besides, the rooms have been fully searched by the house- keeper." "Would you like a watch placed in the house, sir, unknown to the servants ?" "No, no," said Mr. Chandos. "It—" The appearance of Mrs. Penn caused the pause. She came in, after knocking quietly at the door. Mr. Chandos rose : the officer rose. "I beg your pardon for my interruption, Mr. Chandos. Will it not be better that the police " —slightly bowing to the one present—"should come up now ? Mrs. Chandos has gone into my lady's rooms : if they can come up at once she will be spared the sight." "Come up for what ?" asked Mr. Chandos. "I understood our boxes were to be ex- amined." She evidently meant her own and mine. Mr. Chandos laughed pleasantly. "Your boxes ? Certainly not, Mrs. Penn. Why, you are the chief sufferer ! It would be a new thing to search places for the articles lost out of them." But Mrs. Penn pressed it. It was not plea- sant, although she had lost a bit of lace : and she thought the boxes should all share alike excepting those belonging to the Chandos family: it would be more satisfactory to our minds. Mr. Chandos repeated his 'No' courteously, but somewhat imperatively, and left the room with the officer. "Did you offer your boxes for their inspec- tion ?" she asked of me. "Of course not. They know quite well I should not be likely to take the things." "I may say the same of myself. But I can- not help remembering that you and I are the only strangers in the house ; and it makes me, for my part, feel uncomfortable. Such a thing never before happened in any place where I have been." "At any rate, Mrs. Penn, you must be exempt from suspicion." "It is not altogether that. I look at it in this light : These servants are searched ; they are proved innocent ; at least nothing is found upon them to imply guilt. They may turn round and say—why don't you search these two strangers ?—and talk of injustice. However— of course Mr. Chandos must do as he pleases : He seems sole master here." "Do not fear that he will suspect either you or me, Mrs. Penn. And Lady Chandos, as I gather, knows nothing of the matter." The search and the commotion had the effect of delaying dinner. It was late when the men departed, and I got tired of being alone in the oak-parlour. Mr. Chandos had gone out some- where. Putting a shawl over my shoulders, for the evenings were not so warm as they had been, I went out and walked down the avenue. All in a minute, as I paced it, it occurred to me that Mr. Chandos might be coming home. Would it look as though I had gone to meet him ? Love was making me jealously reticent, and I plunged into the shady walks opposite, trusting to good luck to take me back to the house. Good luck proved a traitor. It lost my way for me : and when I found it again I was at the far end of the pine-walk. To my dismay. The superstitions attaching to this gloomy walk flashed into my mind. Outside, it had been a grey twilight ; here it was nearly as dark as night: in fact, night had set in. There was nothing for it but to run straight through ; to turn back would be worse now ; and I should inevitably lose myself again. I was about half way up the walk, flying like the wind, when in turning a corner I ran nearly against Mr. Chandos, who was coming quickly down it. But, in the first moment I did not recognise him ; it was too dark. Fear came over me, my heart beat wildly ; and but for catching hold of him I must have screamed. "I beg your pardon, sir," I said, loosing him, "I did not know you quite at first." "You here !" he exclaimed in abrupt as- tonishment, and (as it sounded to my ear) alarm. "What did you come into this dreary portion of the grounds for, and at this hour ?" I told him quite humbly how it was : that I had got into it without knowing, after losing my way. Humbly, because he seemed to be in anger. "I had better take you out of it," he said, drawing my arm within his, without the cere- mony of asking leave. "When dusk approaches, you should confine your rambles to the open walks, Miss Hereford." "Indeed, yes. This has been a lesson to me. But it seemed quite light outside." He went on without another word, walking as though he were walking for a wager ; almost dragging me, so swift was his pace. The dark boughs meeting overhead, the late hour, the still atmosphere, imparted altogether a sensa- tion of strange dreariness. All at once a curious thing occurred. What, I scarcely know to this day. I saw nothing; I heard nothing ; but Mr. Chandos apparently did, for he stopped short, and his actions became as one living terror. At this portion of the walk there was no outlet on either side; the trees and the low dwarf shrubs around them were too thickly planted. His eyes and ears alike strained—not that that he could see far, for the walk wound in and out—Mr. Chandos stood ; then he suddenly drew me close against those said trees, placed himself before me, and bent my face down upon his breast, so that I could see nothing. "You will be safe thus : I will take care of you," he whispered, the words trembling as they left his hot lips. "Hush ! Be still, for the love of Heaven." So entirely was I taken by surprise, so great was my alarm, that "still" I kept, unresist- ingly; there as he placed and held me. I heard measured footsteps advance, pass us— they must have touched him—and go on their way. Mr. Chandos' heart was beating more violently than is common to man, and as the steps went by, he clasped me with almost a painful pressure ; so that to look up, had I been so inclined, was impossible. When the sound of the footsteps had died away, he raised his head, went on a few yards up the walk, and drew me into one of the narrow intersecting paths, holding still my face near to him. His own was deadly white. Then he released my head, just a little. "Anne, I could not help it. You must for- give me." The name Anne—the first time he had called me by it—sent a whole rush of joy through my veins. What with that, what with the emotion altogether, what with the fright, I burst into tears. "You are angry with me !" "Oh, no, not angry. Thank you for shelter- ing me ; I am sure you must have had good cause. I am only frightened." "Indeed, I had cause," he replied, in a pas- sionate sort of wail. "But you are safe now. I wish—I wish I could shelter you through life." He must have felt my heart beat at the words ; he must ; swifter, far, than his had done just now. "But what was the danger ?" I took courage to ask. "A danger that you may not inquire about. You have escaped it ; let that suffice. But you must never encounter the risk again; do you hear, Anne ?" "Only tell me how I am to avoid it." "By keeping away from these gloomy walks at nightfall. I feel as if I could never be thankful enough for having come up when I did." He had turned into the pine-walk again, my arm within his now, and was striding up it. At the top he released me quite. "Shall you be afraid to run across the lawn alone ?" "Oh, no ; there's the hall lamp for company." "To be sure. One moment yet. I want a promise from you." He held me before him, looking straight into my eyes, and took my hand between both of his, not in affection, I saw that well enough, but in painful anxiety. "A promise not to mention what has occurred to anyone." "Trust me, I will not. Trust me, Mr. Chan- dos." "Yes, I do trust you. Thank you, my dear little friend." But all the while his face had remained cold and white. Rarely had such terror fallen upon man ; its signs were there. He turned back into the walk again, and I ran swiftly across in the stream of light thrown on the grass by the hall lamp, and got indoors ; one bewildering query haunting me—did ghosts emit sounds as of footsteps when they walked ? My dinner was getting cold on the table. Hickens stared at me as I went in, wondering, doubtless, where I had been. Mr. Chandos' place remained unoccupied ; and the things were taken away. I did marvel at his remain- ing out of doors so long. By and by Hill came in to get something from the sideboard ; she ran in and out of the rooms at will, without any sort of ceremony. To speak to her was a sort of relief. "Hill, don't you think it is very imprudent of Mr. Chandos to be out in the night-air so long, considering that he was ill recently ?" "I should if he was in it," responded Hill, in the short tone she always gave me. "He is in the west wing with my lady." It had occurred to my mind many times—and I think I was right—that Hill resented the fact of my unfortunate detention at Chandos. On the following day, a new feature was to be added to the mysterious illness of Lady Chan- dos—a doctor was at length called in to her. He came from a distance, as was understood ; but whether by train, or other conveyance, did not appear. They called him Dr. Laken. He was a short, thin man, getting in years, with dark eyes, and a benevolent, truthful counten- ance. His appearance was unexpected—but it seemed more weloome than gold. Mr. Chandos came to him in the oak-parlour, shaking hands warmly. "Doctor ! how glad I am to see you ! So you have at last returned !" "Ay, safe and sound ; and considerably re- freshed by my two months' change. Where do you think I have been, Mr. Harry ? All the way to the other end of Scotland." "And you were such a stay-at-home !" "When I was obliged to be. I'm getting old now, and my son has taken to the patients. Well, and who is it that is in urgent need of me ? Your blooming self ?" "My blooming self is in no need of medical aid just now," replied Mr. Chandos, something constrained in his voice. "Will you take any- thing at once, doctor ?" "I'll see my patient first. It is my lady, I suppose ?" Mr. Chandos nodded. "Ah," said the doctor, following him from the parlour, "I said, you may remember, that the time might come when you'd be glad of me at Chandos. No skill in these remote parts ; a set of muffs, all ; known to be." Mr. Chandos echoed his laugh ; and, leading the way to his own parlour, shut himself in with the doctor. Afterwards he took him up to the west wing. Why should Mr. Chandos have denied that he was ill ?—as by implication he certainly did —was the question that I kept asking myself. Later, when he came to the oak- parlour, I asked it of him. "One patient is enough in a house," was all his answer. He had come down from the west wing, grave even to sadness. "But—to imply that you were well—when you know what the other doctor said !" "Hush ! Don't allude to that. It was a painful episode, one that I like to be silent upon. The—the danger, as I thought it, passed with the day, you know." "But are you really better ?" "I am well enough now," he answered, the gloom on his face breaking. "At least I should be if—I mean that I am as well as I can expect to be." "Oh, Mr. Chandos ! I think you are only saying this to satisfy me." "Anne—I must call you 'Anne;' I did so last night, you know, and I cannot go back to the formality of ' Miss Hereford'—" "Yes, yes, please call me it," I interrupted all too earnestly. He touched the tip of my shoulder, looking down with a sad sweet smile into my eyes and my blushing face. "Anne, whether I am ill or well, you must not make it of moment to you. I wish it might be otherwise." I felt fit to strike myself. Had I so betrayed my own feeling ? The soft blush of my love turned to the glowing red of shame, and I could but look down, in hope of hiding it. "My little friend ! my dear little friend !" he softly whispered, as if to atone for the former words. "In saying I wish it might be other- wise—and perhaps I owe it to you to say as much—the subject must close. You and I may be the best friends living, Anne ; and that is all I can be to you, or to anyone." Quitting the parlour rather hastily, he en- countered Dr. Laken in the hall, who had just come down from the west wing. Mr. Chandos said something in a low tone ; I presume, by the answer, it was an inquiry as to what he thought of his patient." "Emaciated, and as obstinate as ---" Mr. Chandos checked the loud voice; and the doctor, turning into the parlour, caught sight of me. "I never was famous for civility you know, Mr. Harry, but I confess I ought not to abuse Lady Chandos before this young lady. I was going to say obstinate as a mule. Your mother is obstinate." "I know it," replied Mr. Chandos, lifting his eyes to the doctor's. "That is one of the worst features of the case. They are all bad enough." "And it can't be remedied. Unless—but there might be danger attending that. Besides —well, well, we must do the best we can ; it would not answer to try experiments on Lady Chandos." Up to the word "besides," Dr. Laken seemed to be forgetting that I was in the room ; with the recollection he stopped, making the break. Mr. Chandos rang for refreshments to be served, and I gathered up my work to leave them alone. "I wish you could remain for the night, Dr. Laken." "So do I. But it's of no use wishing it, Mr. Harry. I'll see what I can do towards spend- ing a couple of days here next week." They were the last words I heard. In half an hour the pony-carriage was ordered round, and the doctor went away, Mr. Chandos driving. CHAPTER XIX A NIGHT ALARM. It was the loveliest autumn I had ever re- membered. Clear, soft, balmy ; the foliage glowing with its ruddy tints, the sky blue and beautiful. There would be a fire in the grate of the oak- parlour, and the window thrown open to the lawn and the scent of the sweet flowers. One afternoon I sat there, a bit of work in my hand, the sprays of jessamine nearly touching me, and the far-off pine-walk looking almost as bright as though no ghost had the reputation of haunting it. Mr. Chandos sat at the table writing. Out of doors or in, we were yery much together, and my heart was at rest. I'm afraid I had taken to think that the heaven of here- after could not be more blissful than this that I seemed to be living in now. His foot was weak again. Not to disable him from getting about ; only to deter him from walking more than was absolutely necessary. It was all his own fault ; as Mr. Dickenson, the surgeon, told him; he had persisted in using the ankle too much before it was quite strong. Lady Chandos kept her rooms still ; report said her bed ; and the impression in the house was that she lay in danger. The discovery of the petty pilferer, or pilferers, appeared to be as far off as ever : but one or two strange things con- nected with the subject were about to occur. "Will you put these things on the hall-table for me, Anne ?" I turned to take the letters from him. When he did not let me save his foot in these little things, it made me cross, and I told him so. One of the letters was addressed to his sister. "You have been writing to Madame de Mel- lissie, Mr. Chandos !" "Yes. We heard from her this morning. She expects to be here in a day or two. Stay ! I think I will show my mother what I have said. You shall put only the other one on the table." The news fell on my heart like a shaft of ice. Chandos had become all too dear. The other letter was to Mr. Haines : I re- membered the name as that of an agent who had taken the house by the lodge-gates for Mr. Edwin Barley. It was sealed with the Chandos coat-of-arms in black wax. I had never seen Mr. Chandos use red. Lizzy Dene was in the hall as I laid the letter down. I observed that she looked at me ; seemed to look at what I was doing ; and Mrs. Penn and Hill were speaking on the stairs, nearly beyond view ; whether they saw me or not, I could not say. "Thank you," said Mr. Chandos, when I went in again. "What should I do without you to fetch and carry ? I want that book now." It lay on the side-table ; a dreadfully dry scientific work. He locked his desk and took the book from me. "You must put down your slavery to my stupid foot. When you get disabled, Anne, I'll do as much for you." "You know the fault is yours, Mr. Chandos. Had you only been a little patient when the foot was getting better, it would have been strong before now. As to the slavery—" "Well ? What as to the slavery ? Are you going to strike ?" I had been about to say that I liked the slavery, but stopped in time. The colour of em- barrassment was coming into my cheek, and I turned it off with a light laugh and light words. "I won't strike just yet. Not until Madame de Mellissie comes." "Then suppose you lend me your shoulder ?" He could have walked quite well without it, as he knew and I knew; I dare say if put to it he might have walked to the railway station. But ah ! the bliss of feeling his hand on me ! if it were only half as great to him he had kept his ankle sick for ever ! I took up my work again; a pretty bag I was embroidering is grey and black silk for Lady Chandos. He sat on the other side the window, reading his book and talking to me between whiles. All things seemed full of rest and peace and love; a very paradise. Soon—I dare say it was an hour, but time passed so swiftly—we heard footsteps come along the broad walk to the portico. I looked out to see whose they were. "It is Mr. Dexter," I said to Mr. Chandos. "Dexter ! The very man I wanted to see. Now you need not go away," he added, as I began to gather up my work, "we are not about to talk treason. Don't you know, Anne, that I like to have you with me while I may." He must have been thinking of the approach-- ing separation that the advent of Emily would bring about. But I had to get some more silk, and went to fetch it, staying in my room some minutes. When I got back they were both seated at the table, some papers before them. I turned to the window and went on with my work. The conversation appeared to be of little moment ; of none to me ; it was of leases, rents, repairs, and other matters connected with the estate. Presently Mr. Dexter mentioned that he had received a letter from Haines. "Have you ?" said Mr. Chandos. "I wrote to him this afternoon. What does he say ?" Mr. Dexter took a letter from his pocket book, and put it into his master's hand, who ran his eyes over it. "My letter will be useless, then, and I must write another," he observed when he had finished. "I'll get it, and show you what I said. It will save explanation." "Let me get it for you, Mr. Chandos," I interposed, anxious to save him. And without waiting for permission I left the room. But the letter was not on the table. "It is not there, Mr. Chandos ; it is gone." "It cannot be gone," he said, looking at his watch. "It is only 4 o'clock. Emily's letter is not put there yet." Hickens was called. Hiekens, in a marvel of consternation—at being asked what he had done with the letter—protested he had not seen it ; he had not been in the hall that afternoon. We all went out ; it seemed so strange a thing ; and I showed Mr. Chandos where I had laid the letter. It had not slipped down ; it could not be seen anywhere. Mr. Chandos looked at me: he was evidently thinking that the spy was again at work. "Was anyone in the hall when you put the letter here, Miss Hereford ?" "Lizzy Dene was passing through it. And Mrs. Penn and Hill were standing on the stairs." "They would not touch it," said Mr. Chan- dos, just as Lizzy Dene, hearing the commotion, looked from the door of the large dining-room. It was her place to keep the room in order, and she seemed to choose odd times to do it in. Mr. Chandos questioned her, but she said she had not touched the letter; had not, in fact, noticed it. At this juncture Mrs. Chandos came down the stairs, dressed for going out, attended by Mrs. Penn. She enquired of Mr. Chandos what the matter was. "A letter has mysteriously disappeared from the hall, Ethel," he replied. "A letter disappeared ! how strange !" she re- turned, in the rather vacant manner that at times characterised her. "Was it of conse- quence ?" "In itself, no. Bnt these curious losses are always of consequence in one sense of the word. I beg your pardon, Mrs. Penn ; did you speak ?" For Mrs. Penn, who had stood back in sur- prise, had advanced behind him, and was saying something in a low tone. "Mr. Chandos ! rely upon it the same hand that opened my letter has taken this one. You ought not to leave a stone unturned to discover the culprit. I speak in the interest of all." Mr. Chandos nodded grave assent. He seemed to be in a hopeless puzzle. I fully sus- pected Lizzy Dene ; and I think she saw some- thing of this in my face. "What should I do with a letter that was not mine?" she cried, her tone resentful, and ad- dressing no one in particular. "If Mr. Chandos offered me a dozen of his letters to read, I'd rather be spared the trouble ; I am no great scholar; and what good would they do me ?" The argument seemed all conclusive; at least to Mr. Chandos. I suspected the girl more and more. "Well, Harry, I must leave you to your in- vestigation, if I am to have a walk this after- noon," concluded Mrs. Chandos. She went out and turned down the broad walk. Lizzy resumed her work in the dining- room. I and Mr. Dexter went back to the oak- parlor, and stood at the window: and then be came aware that Mrs. Penn had lingered in the portico, talking with Mr. Chandos. "Until recently I believed we had the most trustworthy set of servants that it is possible for any family to have," I heard him say. "What can there be in my letters that should interest them ?" "Nay," said Mrs. Perm, "I think it if a greater wonder what there should be in mine. I am a stranger to your servants ; my affairs cannot be supposed to concern any one of them ?" "It is my habit to leave letters on the table every day. They have never been touched or tampered with, so far as I know, until this afternoon." "You cannot be sure of that. But what shall you do in the matter now ?" "I don't know what to do ; it is the sort of thing that causes me to feel at a nonplus. Were I to have an officer in the house to watch, as you suggest, it might prove useless." "Have you a suspicion of anyone in particu- lar ?" she abruptly asked. And by this time Mr. Dexter had grown interested in the con- versation, as well as I, and ceased talking to me. "Not the slightest. Neither can you have, I suppose." Mrs. Penn was silent. "Have you ?" repeated he, thinking her manner peculiar. "I would rather not answer the question, Mr. Chandos, because it would inevitably be followed by another." "Which is equivalent to admitting that your suspicions are directed to some one in particu- lar," he returned, with awakened interest. "Why should you object to avow it ?" "Well, it is so," she replied. "I do think that all the circumstances—taking one loss, one disagreeable event with another—do tend to point suspicion to a certain quarter. But I may be wrong." "To whom ?" he asked. "That is just the question that I knew would follow," returned Mrs. Penn, "and I must de- cline to answer it. No, Mr. Chandos ; you possess the same facilities for observing and judging that I do : in fact greater ones : and if you cannot make your own deductions, I cer- tainly will not help you to them. I might be wrong, you know." "You must allude to an inmate of Chandos ?" "I should deem it impossible that any but an inmate of Chandos could play these tricks. Where would be the opportunity ?" "Mrs. Penn, if you possess any clue ; nay, if you think you have any well-founded cause of suspicion, you ought to impart it to me," he gravely said. "Were I sure that my suspicions were cor- rect, I would do so ; but, as I say, they may be mistaken. Forgive me if I hint that perhaps your own eyes are shut closer than they need be." She hastened away, leaving the impression of her mysterious words behind. I wondered very mach if she alluded to Lizzy Dene. That same evening I had an opportunity of asking her. Mr. Chandos went to the west wing after dinner, I sat near the lights, work- ing at my bag, when Mrs. Penn came into the oak- parlour, not having troubled herself to knock for admittance. "It's fine to be you, Anne Hereford," she said, putting herself into Mr. Chandos' chair by the fire. "I wish I had this room to sit in." "Are the rooms up-stairs not comfortable ?" "I don't know about comfort : they are wretchedly dull. I'd as soon be cooped up in a prison. Not a soul to speak to from morning to night, but Mrs. Chandos. Here you have Mr. Chandos ; full state and ceremony ; and the chance of seeing all the visitors." "All the visitors consist of a doctor now and then, and Mr. Dexter once a week, or so," I said, laughing. "A doctor and an agent are better than no- body. I suppose," she added, after a pause, "they are all assembled in party conclave in the west wing; Mr. Chandos, Mrs. Chandos, and my lady." "I wish Lady Chandos was better," I re- marked. Mrs. Penn turned round eagerly, her eye lighting with excitement. "I wish I knew what it is that's the matter with her ! I wish I knew ! Do you never gather a hint of it from Mr. Chandos ?" "Never. But why should you be so desirous to learn ? What is it to you ?" "I have my reasons," she replied, nodding her head. "I won't tell them to you this even- ing, but I have not made a vow that I never will. If she is insane, as I suspect, why then— but I'll say no more now. What a strange thing it is about that letter !" "Very. You are suspecting some one in par- ticular ?" "Well," she answered, sharply, turning her face to me. "It is Lizzy Dene ?" "Who it is, or who it is not, is nothing to you," she rejoined, in the crossest tone I ever heard. "I know this : I would give the worth of a dozen letters ten times over to bring the mystery to light. They may be suspecting you and me next." "Mrs. Penn !" "Yes, Mrs. Penn !" she retorted in a mock- ing tone. "You and I are the only strangers in the house, Anne Hereford." As if my words had angered her past redemp- tion, she quitted the room abruptly. Very soon Mr. Chandos returned to it, and the tea came in. He began talking of the lost letter—of the unpleasantness altogether. Should I tell him of my doubt ? The old proverb runs, that if a woman deliberates she is lost ; it proved so in my case, and I mentioned Lizzy Dene. "Lizzy Dene !" repeated Mr. Chandos, in great surprise. "Lizzy Dene !" "But indeed it is a doubt more than a sus- picion ; and it arises chiefly from my having found her in my room that night," I eagerly added, feeling half afraid of what I had done, and determined not to hint at her supposed alliance with Mr. Edwin Barley. "Rely upon it, you are wrong, Anne," Mr. Chandos decided, without any pause. "Lizzy Dene would be the very last woman to act in a treacherous manner to our family. She may be foolishly superstitious, but she is honest as the day. I'll answer for her." How could I say more ?—unless my grounds against Lizzy Dene had been surer. Joseph came in for the tea-things, and Mr. Chandos went to his own sitting-room. I stood at the little table in the corner of the room nearest the window, putting my work-box to rights. Some of its reels were on the window-ledge, and I moved to get them. I don't know why I should have done it ; un- thinkingly, I believe ; but I drew aside the muslin curtain to look out on the lovely night, and found my face in contact (save for the glass that was between us) with that of another face, peering in. Terribly startled, I drew back with a scream, just as Mr. Chandos came into the room. Quick as lightning he laid forcible hold of me while I was explaining, put me in a chair in the sheltered corner close to the work-box, ordered me to stay in it—ordered me, and in the most peremptory manner—and turned to the window to fling it up. One moment and he had leaped out : but in his haste he had broken a pane of glass. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 