THE LATE MISS HOLLINGEORD. (Prom AU Ou> Tear ¿fcur.d.) CHAPTER I. A dear old lady tells us this story in the.late autumn eveniDgs. Now the harvest is in, huge haycocks shelter the gable, the honey is strained and pat by in jars, the apples are ripened and stored j the logs begin to splatter and sing in the big parlour at evening, hot cakes to steam on the tea-table, and the pleasant lamp-lit hours to spread themselves. Indoor things begin to have meaning looks of their own, our limbs grow quiet, and our brains begin to work. The moors beyond the window ¿ake strange ex- pressions in the twilight, anofold mysteries into their hollows with the shadows of the night. The maids ia the kitchen sing wild ballads to one another round the ingle ; and whea,jy|Qj of us young folks threads the rambling passages j above to fetch a stray thimble from one of the lavender-scented bedrooms, she comes hack fly- ing down the great hollow staircase as if a troop of ghosts were at her heels. It is time to enjoy a story, a true story, the story of a real life; and here it is as our dear old lady is telling it to us. When I first learned, my children, that I was the ward of my mother's early friend, Mrs. . Hollingford, and was to live under her roof after my departure from school, I little thought that a place like Hillsbro' Farm was ever likely to be my home. I was a conceited young person, and fond of giving myself airs. My father was colonel of his regiment, and I thought I had a right to look down on Lydia Brown, whose father was in business, though she wore velvet three inches deep upon her frocks, while mine bad no better trimming than worsted braid. ' I had spent all my life at school, from the day when my father and mother kissed me for the last time in Miss Sweetman's parlor. I remember yet my pretty mother^pale tearful face as she looked back at ^^jBPe^through the carriage window, and my own paroxysm of despairing tears on the mat when the door was shut. After that I had a pleasant enough life of it. I was a favorite at school, having a disposition to make myself and others as happy as I could. I required a good deal of snubbing, but when properly kept down I be- lieve I was not a disagreeable girl. Hy Indian letters generally contained some bit of news to amuse or interest my companions, and now and again captain or ensign somebody, home upon sick leave, called and presented himself in Miss Sweetman's parlor, with curious presents for "^--naejjaiy mistresses, or favorite companions. I . '^Tr^TftJïêU 'he day when Major Guthrie ar I rived witrito^^:s^tuffedbirda< Mis8 Kifcty i Sweetman, our yoangew»^.best.loved miatres was sent on before me to speak~civnijjto the gentleman in the parlor, and announce my~cOmr ! ing. Miss Kitty was the drudge of the school) I the sweetest drudge in the world. She was not | so well informed as her elder sisters, and had' to make up in the quantity of her teaching what it lacked in the quality. She was fagged, and hunted, and worried from morning till night by all the small girls in the school. She would have been merry if she had bad time, and she was witty whenever she could get the chance of being anything but the machine ; but she was not alwayß happy, for I slept in her room, and I sometimes heard her crying in the night. As I remember her first she was young and pretty, but as time went on she grew a little faded, and a little harassed looking; though I still thought her sweet enough for anything. Well, Miss Kitty went down to the major, and I, fol- lowing close upon her heels, heard a little scream as I paused, at the parlor door, and there when I went in was a bronzed-looking gentleman holding Miss Kitty's two hands in his, and looking in her face. And I could not care about the birds for thinking of it, and when we went up to bed Miss Kitty told me that Major Guthrie was an old friend of her family, and that he had said he would call again. And '' «urely enough he did call again ; and then it [ happened that the three Miss Sweetmans were i invited out to an evening party-a great event | for them. I thought there was something very particular about it, and so I took care to dress Kitty with my own hands. She had a plain white dress, and I insisted on lending her my blue sash and coral necklace ; and when she was dressed she put her finger in her mouth, and asked, between laughing and crying, whether I could farther accommodate her with a coral aad bells. She looked as young as anybody, though she would make fun of herself. And when she came in that night, and saw my open eyes waiting for her, she sat down on my bed and began to cry, and told me that Major Guthrie had asked her to marry him, and she was going to India as his wife. Then I heard the whole story ; how he had loved her dearly long ago ; how her friends had refused him because he was too poor, and she was too young ; how after he had gone off in a passion reverses had come upon them, and her sisters had been obliged to open a school. And so Miss Kitty went out to India, -and the only thing that comforted me for her loss was the fact that she took with her the embroi- dered handkerchief for my mother, and the wrought cigar-case for my father,.which it had taken my idleness a whole year to produce. Ah, me ! and my eyes never beheld either of these three again : friend, father, nor mother. My first recollections'of Mrs. Hollingford are associated with ploin'-cake, birthdays, and bon- bons. " I remenroer her-air; erect, dignified looking ladvân a long velset cloak, and with a peculiarly'Tvenerable faee£ ''half severe, half | benevolent. I used to feel a little nervous about I sneaking to her, but IJifced to sit at a distance ' /And look at her. I had 'a superstition that she I was the most powerful universal agent in I existence; that she had only to say "Let there be plum-cake," and immediately it would appear on the table ; or, " This little girl requires a new doll," and at once a waxen cherub would repose in my arms. The Miss Sweetmans paid her the greatest deference, and the girls used to peep over the blinds in the schoolroom at her handsome carriage and powdered servants. I remember, when a little girl, presenting myself before Miss Sweetman one day, and popping up my hand as* a sign that I wanted to ask a question. " What is the reason, Miss Sweet- man," I asked, " that Mrs. Hollingford makes me think of the valiant woman of whom we were reading in the Bible yesterday?" But Miss Sweetman was busy, and only puckered up her mouth and ordered me back to my seat. Mrs. Hollingford used to take me on her knee and tell me of a little girl of hers who was at school in France, and with whom I was one I day to be acquainted ; and a tall lad, who was her son, used to call sometimes with bouquets for Miss Sweetman, or sugar-plums for me ; but I was never in her house, whioh I believed to be a palace, nor did I ever see Mr. Hollingford, who was a banker in the City. After my ¿sgglfth birthday I saw them no morell missed the periodical appéàràTfôêTof^ihe no6re/"*fe6e tS the parlor. Miss Sweetman, with a very long face, told me something of the breaking of a bank, rain, and poverty. I was very sorry, but I was too young to realise it much ; and I went on thinking of Mrs. Hollingford, in troublo, no doubt, and unfortunately removed from me, but still going about in the world in her long velvet cloak and with her hands full of plum-cake. So my youth went on till I was sixteen, pretty well grown for my years, a little pert, a ' little prond, a little fond of tinsels and butter- flies, a little too apt lo make fun of my neigh- bours, and to believe that the sun had got a special commission to shine upon me ; but withal sympathetic and soft hearted enough when in my : right senses, and, as I said before, not a bad sort of girl when properly kept down by a judicious system of snubbing. I had already begun to count the months to the happy time two years hence, when, my education being finished, I should at last rejoin my parents ia India ; and I was fond of describing all the beautiful things I would send as presents to the friends who had been so kind to me in England. And then one fearful day came the black letter bearing the terrible news which bowed my head in the dust, scattered my girlish vanities, and altered all my fate for life. Every one in the house learned the news before me. I saw blank faces all around, and could only guess the cause, so careful were they to break it to me gradually. For two dreadful days they kept me On the rack of suspense, while I did not know whether it was my father or mother who was dead, or whether both were ill, or only one. But I learned all soon enough. There had been a fever, and both were dead. I was an orphan, quite alone in the world. For three years after this I remained with the Miss Sweetmans, during which time I had re- gained much of my old cheerfulness, and also some degreeof my natural pride and impertinence. My father and mother had been to me a memory and a hope ; now they were a memory only. I After my -first grief and sense of desolation had passed, I went on with the routine of my days much as before. I did not miss my father and mother every hour, as though I had lived under | their roof and been familiar with their faces and caresses. But the bright expectation of my youth was extinguished, and I suffered secretly a great yearning for the love which I had no right to claim from any one. The time was fast ap- proaching when I must take my school-books down from Miss Sweetman's shelves, pack up my trunks and go forth among strangers I had some property, more than enough for my needs, and I was to dwell under the roof of my guar- dian, Mrs. Hollingford. In the meantime I paid several visits to the home of a wealthy schoolfellow, who had entered upon a fashion- able life, and who was eager to give me a taste of its delights before I yielded myself to the fate that was in store for me. I learned to dress with taste, to wear my hair in the newest style, and to waltz to perfection. But I could not go on paying visits for ever, and the time ar- rived when I found it necessary to turn my back on lively scenes and prepare for the obscurity of Hillsbro*. Tbis was a remote place in the north country, from whence were all the letters ad- dressed by Mrs. Hollingford to me since the time when she had become my guardian. I did not go to Hillsbro' farm in an unfair state of ignorance as to the present worldly po- sition of its owners. Grace Tyrrell (my school fellow) was careful to let me know the depth of the degradation to which these friends of an old time had fallen from their once high estate : also to make me aware of the estimation in which they were held by the people of her world. The idea cf my going to Hillsbro' was ridiculed till I got angry, but not ashamed. " Those poor Hollingfords !" said one lady. " I am sure it is very kind of you, Miss Dacre, to pay them a visit ; but live with them, my dear.!-you could not think of identifying your- self with such people. Are you aware that the father ruined numbers of people, absconded with his pockets fall of money, and never was heard of since ?" " Yes," said I ; " but I have nothing to do with Mr. Hollingford. And I dare say if his wife had taken ill- gotten riches down to Hillsbro' with her, the police would have followed her before this ; for she gives her address quite openly." I afterwards heard this lady telling Grace that her friend was a very pert youngwoman. I didnot mind, for, through fighting Mrs. Holling ford's battles, I had come to think that I loved her memory ; and I tried to do so for my mother's sake. " It is not at all necessary to live with a guardian," said Grace. " They say Mrs. Hol- lingford makes butter and sells it ; and Frederick says the son is a mere ploughman. He is Mr. Hill's agent; Frederick met him by chance, quite lately, when he was shooting at Hillsbro'." " Agent, is he ?" said I, mischievously. " Then I think he musk at least know how to read and write. Come, t|at is not so bad !" " You will get the worst ofat, Grace," said Frederick Tyr- rell, who wasflistening. "Lucky fellow, Hollingford, to have such a champion ?" So here I had better explain to you, my dears, that Captain Tyrrell was, even at this time, what old-fashioned people call a great beau of mine ; that he was fond.of dangling about my skirts and picking up my fan. Nothing more on this subject is necessary here. If you desire to know what he is like, I refer you to an old water-color sketch of a weak-faced washed-out lookiDg young man, with handsome features/and a high-collared coat, which you will find in an old portfolio up- stairs, on the top shelf of the wardrobe, in the i lumber-room. It was done by Grace's own hand, a portrait of her brother, and presented to me in those days. It has Iain in that portfolio ever since. Though I fought for the Hollingfords, and would hear no word against them, I do confess that I suffered much fear as to how I should manage to accommodate myself to the life which I might find awaiting me at Hillsbro' Farm. That idea of the butter-máking, for instance, suggested | a new train of reflections. The image of Mrs. j Hollingford began to divest itself gradually of the long velvet doak and majestic mien which I -1t;had-alway4«arn in my mind, and I speculated as to whether I might not be expected todine in a kitchen with the farm servants, and to assist with the milking of the cows. But I con trived to keep my doubts to myself, and went on packing my trunks with a grudging conviction that at least I was doing my duty. And it is here, just when my packing was half done, that the strange beautiful face of Rachel Leonard rises up to take its place in my history. I was introduced to her by chance; I did not know her story, nor that she had a story, nor yet that she was connected with any people whose intimate acquaintance I was likely to make in the future. We met at a small musical party, where we had opportunities for conversation. She wore a white Indian muslin, with a bunch of scarlet flowers in the bosom. We were sitting in a softly lighted corner, and her figure was in relief against a, crimson curtain. Her face was oval and olive, I with an exquisite mingling of warmth and purity, depth and delicacy, in its tone. Her dark hair was swept up to the top of her head in a crown of braids, as it was then worn. Her eyes were dark grey, and very sweet, with a mysterious shadow of sadness about them when her face was in repose ; yet when they smiled they shone more than any eyes I have ever seen. " Miss Dacre and Miss Leonard, I must make you acquainted," said our hostess (the meddling lady whom I have already quoted on the subject of the Holling ford misdemeanors). " You intend passing the winter at Hillsbro', Miss Leonard ?" " Yes," replied Kachel; "I believe we shall be at the hall about Christmas." " Ah ! "and you have never been there before ? I can assure you it is the most dreary place ; yon will be glad of a young friend in the neighbourhood. Miss Dacre's whim is one of our amusements at present. She is going to Hillsbro' to stay with a lady who is the mother of Mr. Hill's agent." " Mrs. Cowan ?" said Miss Leonard, with a lady- like assumption of interest in the subject. "?Not at all, my dear; the Cowans were worthy people, but Mr. Hill has changed his agent. Have you not heard ? No, of course. Holling ford is the name of these people. The father was banker, the bank smashed, and he ran away with large sums of money." I thought-nay, I was quite sure-that Miss Leonard started at the mention of the word Hollingford ; and I also thought that she turned deathly pale ; but she bent over her flowers at the moment, and the light was very subdued. No one else seemed to notice it, so it is just possible I may have been mistaken. "Mr. Hill's new agent is, then, the son of Mr. Hol- lingford, tbe banker?" said Miss Leonard, after a pause. -''I did not know that they belonged to that part of the country." "Oh ! I do not know about that j but the mother and son have taken a farm there lately, trying to make shift for themselves, poor things! Thsy say young Hollingford has some Quixotic ideas about paying some of the father's liabili- ties ; and if he has, I am sure it is very credit- able to him. But I for one am inclined to doubt it. Bad conduct generally runs in families." " Madam," said I, with my cheeks getting very hot, " Mrs. Hollingford was my mother's dear friend." " Highty tighty, Miss Dacre," said the lady, "we never know how our friends are going to turn out. I say nothing but what is true. And allow me to warn you, my dear, that if you persist in identifying yourself with such people you must make up your mind to hear them spoken of as they deserve." ? " Madam," said I again, flashes of lightning now dancing before my eyes, " I am very sorry I ever en- tered your house ; and I am certain I never will enter it again." Not waiting for more I made her a curtsey, and walked out of the room. I found the dress- ing room where I had left my cloak, fully deter- mined to go home at once, if I could only get the carriage. I had to wait some time, however, and whilst I sat alone the door opened, and Rachel Leonard came hurriedly up to my side. " I could not go away without bidding you good-night," she said, holding both my hands in both of hers. " Perhaps we may meet again. God bless you !" Her voioe was unsteady, her face pale, her eyes wet. A lady came to the door and said, " Now, Rachel, we are waiting !" She dropped my hand and was gone. " Who is she ?" I asked of Grace, as soon as we were together. " What relation is she to the Hills ?" " None whatever," said Grace ; " only an adopted daugh- ter. There is some romantic story about her, I believe. The Hills, who are the most eccentric old couple in the world, took a violent fancy to her, and adopted her for their own. I believe she is an orphan of a very good family. They keep up a wonderful fuss about her ; and people say they have made her their heiress." " I wonder why she looked so strangely at the mention of the Hollingfords," I said, musing. "My dear Mar- gery," said Graoe, shaking her head, " I give you up. You are perfectly insane on the subject of the Hollingfords. What will you imagine next ?" " I do not think I imagined it," said I. " I am sure that she turned as white as your cloak." " Well, well," said Grace, " there may be some deep mystery for all I know. Miss Leonard may, like myself, have a taste for agriculture ; or may have known young Mr. Hollingford before he turned ploughman. I advise you to think about it. You have materials for a pretty romance to take into exile with you." And I did think about it afterwards. (îb he continued.") 