THE ELECTIONS. During the few years wliicli have elapsed since the Martin and Parkes Administra tion first came into office, there have been \- more sectarian animosities and more anti Irish feeling aroused in this colony than during a whole half century before that .period. That administration and their sunnorters succeeded in 1 fish ins* tlm Pm testantism of the colony into a foaming ? rage, against which no lifetime of liberal 'acts and opinions, no eminences of liberal ity of character on the 'part of any Irish man and Catholic could stand as a bul wark. It was in vain to urge that our most trustworthy Catholics and the great bulk of our Irish population were not re sponsible for the acts of an inconsiderate v few, who were the alleged, although totally inadequate, cause of such a raging storm of bigotry and intolerance. Not wishing to incur the responsibility of a religious civil war our best men have submitted ii ? peace; eating their own hearts in deep an- silent anger all the time, and looking for ward to the general elections as the day of retribution upon that ill-omened and dis astrous administration and their supporters. This is the one means by which alone we can hope for peace. Unless the men who composed that administration and their piincipal supporters be so defeated in ther general elections as to be broken as a fac tion, then the fury of religious and na tional animosities which they enkindled here seem destined to continue without a visible end. For us it is not a question of one administration in preference to another, and if, by chance, we should seem to be supporting one administration rather than another, we shall in reality be only sup porting men who are not political incen diaries, and supporting them against the men who are such incendiaries, only as an act of necessary self-defence. Let us briefly refer our readers to a few out of the many instances of outrage which that administration and their supporters have perpetrated. Violent intolerance began with the ques tion of public education. Had the ques tion for decision been which side was right or wrong in the abstract, even then the head of that administration, Sir James Martin, was guilty of an unprincipled abandonment to the use of his colleagues and his party, of his previously expressed convictions. Had it been a question only of abstract right or wrong, still we should hold it to be an act of tyranny for the majority to legislate against the conscience of so large a minority. In fact this legis lation went far to deprive the minority of education and to leave them to pay for what was repugnant to conscience. Still all this was not the most grievous part of the transaction. For unjust legislation there always comes in time redress. The: errors of well-intentioned legislators are entitled to consideration and forbearance. But the insolence and malignity which were displayed by the faction then in power towards their Catholic fellowcolo nists cannot be touched and cured by act of Parliament, for they rankle in the heart and abide in the memory. Nor was this injustice with its attendant insolence the full attainment of the end in view. There ai*e grievances still harder to be borne patiently, than tyrannical and insolent le gislation. Despotism, whether by law or by the will of an absolute ruler suppresses rather than irritates. It is your petty malignant Cabal who precipitate a revolu tion. Not content with what they and their supporters had done in the legisla ture, the same administration soon after presented the scandalous spectacle of an Education Board upon which every Chris tian denomination was represented, except ing the previously aggrieved anrJ insulted Roman Catholics. For barefaced audacity and insolence this exercise of power stands unparalleled in the history of the colony. Another instance of an unprincipled exercise of power, was the case of Mr. Duncan. Every right- minded man of every denomination revolted from the cruelty perpetrated upon that long tried and well-approved public servant. The Catholics were deeply concerned at the fate impending over Mr. Duncan, who had rendered them good service in their day of need ; and their wishes, which were consonant with the justice of the case, were entitled to some consideration at least from the head of the administration, whose burn they had well served for up wnvrls nf fcwfint.v vfinva 'Vof. +.r» swvo f.l-io purposes of the hour, members of the Ministry, who were known to hold in their consciences, that he should not be sacrificed, handed Mr. Duncan over to the vengeance of their colleague. The Minis try of the Star Chamber voted death or confiscation to satisfy a despotic monarch. It was in the Council, and in the dark days of Venice that the destruction of citizens was voted in order that the mem bers of that dark Council might accommo date each other. Nor are the points of comparison between one unprincipled ad ministration and another yet exhausted. As the Council had their ' Bravo ;' so had our Executive their Lictor. One of the choice supporters of this administra tion, that fine Protestant and kind Chris tian, Mr. Wyndeyer, waited upon the already vengeful Mr. Eagar, to ask at his hands the ruin of Roman Catholic Dun can. So vile is the stuff which composed this abominable faction ! Most remarkable of all, ' however, '.was the duality which headed the.;! administra tion itself. Parkes' endeavour, 'under' the pretence of protecting Mr. Duncan (urhotnll he afterwards assaulted) to overthrow Mar-! I tin in order that he might reign supreme J in his place. Even this did not separate the combined fates of these two mighty statesmen. The attempt failed but they became speedily re-united. This was to be expected, for Martin on the whole has been pliant in the hands of Parkes. From the Treason-Felony Act (which was Martin's own) down to Mr. Parkes' last speech upon Irish immigration Sir James Martin has been, at least, an acqui escent party to every aggression and inso lence which his colleague has perpetrat d upon the Irish of this colony. The Trea son-Felony Act implied against the Irish all that Mr. Parkes expressed on the occa sion of his raising the Kiania Ghost, or on any other occasion. But without the same possibility of a momentary excuse. For, it is just possible that in a fit of beclouded poetical rhapsody our Titus Oates mistook his own diseased fancies for facts and incar nations. But Sir James Martin's mind is of a more practical cast. It can be proved thathe never believed in the visions of Titus. Yet when Titus was his colleague he lent Titus a bloodhound in the shape of a felon taken out of the gaol, to do Titus' work, to the imminent hazard of the liberties or lives of the people who for upwards of twenty years had been Sir James' supporters. But the last act of all was by far his greatest act of self-abnegation. He sat by and countenanced (it is even said that he applauded) the other eminent and solemn personage during his deliverance upon Irish immigration. It is true that this deliverance of Titus disparaged only that humble class of Irishmen from which the virtuous parents sprung from whom Sir James derives his robust constitution and his powerful brain. It is true that his friend Titus was, in effect, only defiling his father's grave. No member of that administration has so long and heavy a score to settle with the Irish of this colony as Sir James Mar tin in the coming elections. For up wards of twenty year's he has found them all he could desire. They supported him loyally, rejoicing in the main result of his public life, namely, his self-aggrandizement; so that during all that long duration of support it would be in vain to search for a public act or expression of his gratitude in return. But all things must come to an end. The long enduring spell is broken at last. The long confiding supporters are disenchanted. The time at last has arrived when feality required, and needed the reciprocal obligation of protection, and when protection could not be withheld without the basest treachery. And sooner or later the day of reckoning comes, even ' in this world, for confidence betrayed. ?:' 