BURROWA. from our correspondent. August 25. — AVeatlior splendid, and crops pro mising well. Burrowa has novor beon so devoid of all news of public intorost than as it is at present. Tho only item that can possibly intorost your roadors is tlint tlio property formerly owned by tho Into Airs. Alatthows, nnd known as tho " Burrowa Hotel," was sold to-day by Air. AArotton, agont, for tho curator of intestate estates, Air. Thomas Ryan, landlord of tho Queens' Arms Hotel bore, being the purchaser nt £402. I think it will require a vory largo outlay before it is hubitublo. : Robbery with Violence at Pudman -We briefly mentioned in our last issue that the residence of Mrs. Dwyer at Pudman Creek had been robbed of money and other property by three or four men, and that Mrs. Dwyer had been dangerously assaulted. The information, brought by Dwyer, reached town only an hour or two before we went to press, and was very scant. Air. sub-inspector Bronnan immediately on receiving the intelligence proceeded to tbo scone of tho crime, twenty-three miles from A'ass, between tho mail road to Burrowa and tho Back Creek.- On reaching there, two hours and a, half after leaving town, lio found that Airs. Dwyor had boen severely beaten about the bead, probably with somo blunt weapon, and although tlio wounds hnd boon indicted so long past as two o'clock tluib morning tlio blood wusj still freely running from them. Tlio bed also appeared to bo saturated with her blond. Having obtained cortain information Arr. Brcnimn up- proliended James Paliuor, Robert AlcGoon, Amos Lewis, and Jainos Rynn, throo of whom livo in tho immediate neighbourhood. It would not be iidvisablo at tho present timo to stato what will in all probability cotno out in ovidonco. It may bo sufficient to mention that tho licensed were identified by Arrs. Dwyor as tho persons who committed tho assault. Wo understand she states that about two o'clock on Tuesday morn ing while alio was undressed and in bod, sho was aroused by somo persons knocking at tho door, -und on opening it was fiercely assaulted by tho parties now charged with the oll'once. It seems t! nit Airs. Dwyor keeps nil accommoda tion houso situated between the roads mentioned, nnd that lior husband resides at, their farm nhoitt throe quarters of a milo distant. It was at first thought that tlio injuries received by Airs. Dwyor were such as to endanger her life, but, on subsequent examination they did not appear lo be so serious. Dwyor himself iippcars to liavo beon maltreated, and on bis arriving at homo < 1 1 bt- 1 J UL 11 I i 1 1 11 IL, IIUIII-- 1 1 1 1 U1 II UU'HJ 1 1 1IU fainted. The licensed woro brought boforo tho bench on AVodiiosday last and remanded to tho noxt court day, bail being refused. Rumour states that tlio assault was committed not. so much for tlio purposo of robbing tlio place, as to inflict punishment on a person ilio bail nuulo herself obnoxious to somo of her 'neighbours. If this bu true there is of ouurso no defence for tlioso accused of such an outrage. Yesterday nlternoon Mrs. Dwyor was brought into town by her daughter. She was attended by Dr. Blake. There is one serious wound on tho dexter portion of tlio head, but, presents at tbo present time no nlarmivg symptoms. Free Selections. — Tho following portions of land wcro selected at tho local land ollico, yosfcerdny : — Thomas Jamos, 100 acres: John Brassil, 102 acres. In toe Insolvent Estate op James Frost of IIoveli/s Creek.— 'This forenoon was appointed for a Hingloor only meeting in the nhovo estate. Neither insolvent; or any of tho creditors wcro present In the Insolvency of Jacob AVilliams, of A'ass. — A third meeting was held, in Sydney, in tho estate of Jacob AVilliams. One debt was proved, nnd the report read, and meeting adjourned to A'uss, to be bold boforo the district co'inmissionci- thorc, on Gib September noxt, tho roport to ho then presented. Public School, AIuurumhatema'. — Air. .Tobson, from Gunning, lias opened the Provisional School at AlniTumbateman. Tho iittoiulanco promises to be good ; there aro twonty-sovoii oil tbo roll, and tlio number is increasing. Sale or Leases. — On AVodiiosday last two por tions of land under loaso were offered for salo by the land agont at A'ass, and wore sold to Air. J Bosnanl at tlio upset price. Tenders Accepted. — Tbo undermentioned tenders have been accepted by thoGovcrnment : — Messrs. J. Johnson and .T. Quia — Erection of bridges nt Stony Creole, Roody Creole, south of Bodkin's Inn, and north of Botkin's Inn. Air. AV. Jessop — Erection of bridge, Lonmes's Creek. Erratum. — In Afr. Jones's letter, which ap peared in our last issue, referring to tho cultiva tion of sugar cano, the produco per acre wns erroneously stated at 171 tons per aero. Tho figure should havo boon 1 ton per aero. New Insolvent. — Frank Fleinor, of Albury, labourer. Causes of insolvency : Sickness anil prcssuro of a judgment creditor. Liabilities, £55 7s. 4d. Assets, £8 10s. Deficiency, £46 17s. 4d. Official assignee, Air. F. T. Humpliery. Excertta. — The Bight Rev. Dr. Qiiinn, Roman Catholic Bishop of Bnthurst, laid tlio foundation stone of tho new church at Dubbo, on Alonilay. Tho sum of £300 was collected on tho foundation stone, and further subscriptions to tho amount of £000 woro collected and promised. Tho Bishop has left, for Forbes to lay tho fouiulntion stono of a now church there. Ono hundred. and sixty more diamonds Liavo been received by tlio Diamond Aline Company at Afolbouriio from Afudgoo. Tlio managor reports that tho yield averages one diamond per loud. Tho lauded proporty of Ambroso Kyto, which includes tho ' Theatre Royal, was sold at auction on Alonday for sixty thousand pounds. Tlio rental exceeds ten thousand a y. nr. Arr. Bridson, organist of the Roman Catholic Church, Roekliampton, and well known in Sydnoy, died on tlio 14tli instant. AArhoatis represented to bo vory firm in prico in Sydney. Holders aro asking 6s. a bushel, in. expectation that tlio noxt muii will bring intelli gence of a rise in tlio English markot. Tho public dinnor to the conuiiandor and officers of tho Kenrsnrgo is to tako placo on Monday. ' In tho cases of tho two Ryans and Airs. Tuckor, who woro committed for trial 1'or arson, nllegod to havo boon perpetrated in tho Aludgoo district, and who were to havo beon tried nt tho ensuing1 Bnthurst, Assizes, tlio Attornoy-Gonoral has decided to proceed no further against tho parties. Previous to tho departure of tho barque Anna from Tnnna (South Son Islands), a report had reach tboro to tho clfoet that tlio mate and ono seaman of a trading barquo had boen liuii-- derod by tlio natives of Euromonga, wliilo tlioy woro attempting to land in ono of tho ship's boats. Tbo Victorian Government intend to proposotlio payment of members of the Assombly noxt session.— — Tho Ghinoso passongors por i Cholsoa, arrivod at Molbourno, havo Buffered fearfully from scarcity of provisions ; livo diod i from exhaustion. Air. Cohen will probably bo , the now Alinistor for Lands in Victoria. Tlio Melbourne Arqus says that the first stop te wards ; tho introduction of n bill for tho abolition of ; State-aid to religion will bo takon on Tuosday, when tho Chiof Secretary will move that, on tho ; following iliiy, tlio Ilouso resolve itself into com- , i mittoo to consider resolutions on tho subject. Tho Gronfell gold escort took down on Tiiosilajr r 3126 ozs. 4 dwts, 23 grs. From tho AlcrooU. wo loom that shearing conimencos at Nuriah on tho 28th inst., and nt Mumblodool, Bynynli, and Boveral other stations, in tho beginning of Sep tember. Employers this sonson will havo no room to complain of scnrcity of labour, for gronter number of shoarors and station hands genorally havo novor boon seon upon tho Morool before. Mr. Edward Lee, the barrister, is spoken of ns likely to succeed tho lato Mr. O'Neill Bronnan, as Crown Prosecutor for tho Northern districts. Tfe Cooma Mai i. Robbery and Apprehension op Two Prisoners. — TkoJIoss of tho Coomamail bags turns out to bo a folony. On Wednesday night two men were lodged in tho Qneanboyan gaol on a charge of robbing her Majesty's mails, and will, on Thursday, bo brought up at tho polico court for a preliminary examination. Tho fol lowing brief particulars will afford some idea of the history of tho affair, so far as it has pro- grossed : — On tho 7th instant, tho mail was de spatched in tho ordinary course from the Quean- boyan post-office. Nothing particular occurred on tho way ; the driver, William Roohan, who took charge of the coach lioro, delivering it, apparently all right, to another drivor beyond Micalago, who duly delivered tho mails as ho roeoived them (for aught ho knew to tho contrary) at tho Cooma post-offico. Here a portion of tho mail, two heavy bags, wore discovered to be missing; and thoro were only two ways of accounting for their absonco — oither tho bags woro jorkod from tho coach, or stolon, during tho journey. Tho lattor theory was firmly boliovod in by tho mail drivor, who ollorod a largo reward for tho detection of the criminals. Nothing, however, transpired until last Monday, when Mr. Sindol, of this town, de posited his cash in tho bank. Tho monoy, in cluded a cheque remittod with other monoy by his son who was doing business at that timo in Micalago. The particular choquo referred to was drawn on tho Commercial Bank, Cooma, in favour of Mr. Hassall, for £5, and was doteetod nt the batik bore to bo improporly in circulation, it bearing tho stamp of tho Commercial Bank at : Yass, as haying been paid thoro and transmitted on tho 5tli instant from Yass to Cooma for col lection. This discovery at onco formed a clow to the wlioroabouts of tbo lost bags, and the police and telegraphs having boon sot in motion, tho party who nogptiatiated tho stolon choquo was soon traced, and the result is tho apprehon- sion of tho parties who passod tho clicquo, nnd on whoso promises woro found the missing mail bags and their contents. Tho parties in custody aro Pnrtrick and Jamos Kelly, father and son, residents of Micalago.- —Age. The Oase of Mr. John Longfield, Dentist.— Sonio of our renders may romomber that a dontist named John Longliold, while travelling upon tho Yass mail, was shot at and wounded by bushrangers, who nttackcd tho coach. The inan rocoivod such injuries as incapacitated him from earning a living by his profession, and bo con siders that ho has some claim upon the con sideration of tho Government,- in consoqucnce of tho manner in which those hurts woro inflicted. Mr. Maurice Alexander, M.L.A., on Tuesday presonted to tho Colonial Secretary a petition from Longfield, sotting forth tho story of his disastorj and begging for employment in the Government service. — S. ill". Herald. The Departure of nis Grace Archbishop Folding. — A crowded ntul enthusiastic public mooting of Catholics was held on Monday even ing in St. Mary's Sominary, for tho purpose of raising a fund to defray the expenses of his Graco tho Archbishop on his journey to Rome to attend the approaching (Ecumenical Council. His Honor Mr. Justico .Faucctt pro'sided, nnd briefly stated the object of tho mooting. Mr. AY. B. Dalloy moved tho first resolution, which was carried, after being seconded by Archdeacon Itignoy : — "That this meeting, having hoard that our venerated Archbishop lias determined, in obedienco to tho summons of' tho Supremo Pontiff, to bo present at tho approaching (Ecumenical Council of tho Vatican, desires to express its sonso of tho high honour conferred upon tho Church of Australia in being ro pre sented thoro, and especially by the first Metro politan of Australia." Tho Hon. Daniel Egan moved the following, which, aftor being socondcd by Mr. R. Forstor, was carried : — " That, knowing tho expense which a journoy to Rome, and possibly a long residonco there, involves, this mooting is of opinion that it is incumbont on tho Catholic body to dofray tho exponsos of tho Archbishop on this occasion, and thoroforo pledges itsolf to raise the necessary funds for this purposo." A resolution for tho opening of subscription lists was passed, and tbo meeting closed. — Abridged from tho Empire. The Messrs. Mackinlay's Insolvency. — At tho "Water Police Court, on Monday, Goorgo O'Brien and Jamos Rogers, on remand from Melbourne, wero brought beforo tho court, charged by Denis Mnckinlay with stealing a quantity of drapery and othor goods of tho valuo of £1000. Mr. Foster appeared for tho prosecution ; Air. Septimus Stephen, of Messrs. Stephen and Stephen, for accused. Joseph Bowdon deposed that ho was a dotoctivo of the Now soutfi YValos lorce, and twit lie arrived with tho prisoners at ono o'clock yesterday morning. Witnoss produced tho warrant under which bo had arrested tho prisonors ; also depositions taken in Melbourne and thoso taken horo ; was proparod to produco in evidcnco six packing casos, in which tho alleged stolon goods wore Enckcd, some samples of tho goods (which had eon identified), some canvas packing (also idontified), six pairs dungario jackets, and ono pair of trousers (part of goods). Tho informa tion was signed by Denis Mnckinlay. Produced the warrant of remand. Hud no conversation with the prisonors as to tho proceeds of tho goods sold in Molbonrne. Mr. Foster here applied for tho postponement of tho caso on tho ground that as yet no communication could be held with Mnckinlay, which fact, togothcr, with- tho recent arrival of tho prisonors, prevontod him from boing fully prepared to go on with the case. He applied for a postponement for oight days. Mr. S. Stephen did not opposo tho ap plication, but pointed out tho prisonors had boon under arrest for a fortnight, during which timo it wns competent for tho prosecution to preparo their ovidonce. Tho bench postponed tho case until Friday noxt. Mr. Stephen applied for boil. The bench refused tho application. Upon tho charge against Mr. Donis Alnckinlay being called on at tho Water Police Station, the prisonor was not producod. The gaol authorities refused to give him up, as he is now urnlor committal by the Chief Commissioner of the Insolvent Court for contempt. Undor thoso circumstances tho court postponed the case until to- morrow morning, when tho prisonor will bo brought up under writ of Habeas Corpus. — Empire. Alnc- inlay -has boon discharged on the criminal pro secution. The Working of the Government Retrench ment Scheme. — Wo aro not at all disposed to sneer at any efforts mado by tho Govornmcut to roduco tho expenditure of tho civil service, but we confess to a vague suspicion that tho antici pated reductions in many respects will provo utterly fallacious. With regard to tho new arrangements mado for tho discharge of magis terial duties, we expressed a belief when the now scheme was promulgated that tho savin" would not bo so groat- as oxpoctod, and wo havo now a proof supplied us thnt our expectations woro not far from tho fact. The arrangements at present in forco are to tho offoct that inslond of an annual nllowanco for tho pori'ormanco of mngistorial duties at several distant bonehos tho ptipendary justicos are to receive 25s. per night for evory night absont from homo, to be reduced to 20s. where tho magistrate hns tho use of tho police stables and fornge for his horso. This now arrangement came into forco on the 1st July, and accordingly ono polico mngistrnto — who used to receive £50 per annum for the performance of certain duties in connection with distant bonehos — Bent in his account to tho Treasury, but as it proved to bo far in oxcess of tho amount allowed by tho old arrangements, the now scheme was summarily abolished, and ho was paid only what ho would havo been ontitlod to undor tho old arrangements. Wo should not bo surprised to learn that this geutloman's caso proves to bo similar to many others, and that tho anticipated "saving" will result in a vast addition to tho present expenditure in connection with polico magistrates, if tho new arrnngomcnts aro ndbored to. Howovor well intontionod tho Govcrnmont may bo in regard to retrenchment, wo havo no hopo that a saving will' bo effected either in con nection with tho polico or magistracy by tho re trenchment scheme thoy havo propounded, and tho'ir partial failure in many rospocts is an omen that tho whole scheme has boon adopted without having recoivod thnt consideration which should havo been crivon to it. if anv ncrmnnont good is hoped to result tliorefrom. — \- Tamworth Ex- aminer. Bungonia Quartz Reefs. — A cako of retorted gold, oight pounds in weight, wns forwardod to SydncJ by private escort from Spring Crook on Sunday last. This was tho produce of last wcok's crushing. Tho stono hitherto crushed has boon an inferior lot, much mixed with rubbish. Somo of tho better stono is now about to bo operated upon, and still more satisfactory returns than l.hose alrend v obtained aro confidently expected. — Goulburii Heraltl. Serious Accidents to AIatl Drivers. — Tho I perils of tho road aro oxomplified in tho following record of two nccidonts, ono of which, it is foared, will provo fatal, which occurred to tho drivers of tho mail from Dubbo to Bourko Tho mail coach lol't tho lattor township (says tho Dispatch) in charge of a man named. Clift, who had in ittwo splendid spiritod horses ro'ccntly purchased by tho con tractors from Air. J. E. Kelly for £00. Things wont on all right till reaching a point somo thirty milos from Bourko, where evidently tho horses bocamo unmanageable, and bolted, taking with thorn in thoir mnd progress tho fore part of tho buggy. Clift was thrown to tho ground, nnd had "somo of his ribsbrokon, and his legs severely injured. Ho was found lying- in this unenviable position by tho drivor of tho up conch, John Smith, who at onco took him to where his injuries could bo attondod to, packed up the mail, got l'rosli horses, and rode on, novor I stopping until reaching Alessrs. Richardsons' stations, near Cnnnonbnr. There ho was mot by another mailman on tho ronto, named Wing, to whom he transferred tho bags, nnd, tired out with his long rido, nt once retired to rest. But .poor. Wing was doomed to bo oven unluckior thnn Cilift; for ho had not go no far before ho enmo in contnct with somo wire fencing (which in tho darkness of tho night ho could not soo), and ho was cast to the ground and very seriously hurt. Tho unfortunate man remained in tho ' cold throughout tho night, having been insensible from tho timo ho was thrown till discovered in tho morning by Smith, who, looking for horsos in tho paddock, camo across Wing lying on tlio ground apparently dead. IIo lifted him up and carried him to tho hut, ati'd aftor sonding in formation to Alossrs. Richardson of tho accident, wont looking for tho horso carrying tho mail bags. In a little timo he found the poor animal, which wns frightfully lacorntcd in several places, just as if Wing (as it is supposed) galloped at full spcod against tho wire fencing. Smith returned to tho hut, whore ono of tho Alossrs. Richardson hud arrived in his absonco, and was doing all ho could for tho sufferer. Tho mails woro placed on another horso, and Smith brought thom to Dubbo in good timo, riding from Alurrawombio to horo — fully 1-10 miles — without any stoppages, savo those noaossary for changing horses, and delivering tho mails at Warron and the houses on tho road. Whon Smith (who deserves all praise for the onorgotio and vigorous way in which ho conducted himself under tho trying circumstances) left Alossrs. Riclmrdsons', small hopes wero entertained of Wing's re covery. Tho latter was for a long tiino mailman botweon this town and Cobborn, and tho accidents ho has at various times mot with — tho " hair breadth 'scapes " ho has experienced — aro, it is said, something extraordinary. Gold in the Wollondilly. — Soveral specks of gold have recently boon fcund in tho Wollontlilly Rivor at difl'oront points from near Rossivillo to Alurray's Flats. — Goulburii Herald. The New Police Regulations. — Two deputa tions waited on tho Chief .Secretary on Tuesday, with roforenco to tho now polico regulations. Ono deputation was from Young, consisting of Mr. Aloxandor, ALP. ; Air. Noalc, AI.P. ; nnd Alderman Kippux. Tho othor was from Tnm- buroora, consisting of Air. W. Church and two other gontlomon. Tho Chiof Secretary, in re plying to thoir roquosts, said that ho declined to alter the regulations in any way. — Empire. Wo take tho following from tho ib'. M. Herald: — A deputation consisting of Mr. J. T. Noalo, ALL. A., Mr. Alexander, ALL. A., and othors waited on Tuesday morning on tho Hon. tho Colonial Secre tary and presented a petition signed by GS9 residonts of Young, praying that tho Polico Mngistrnto there might not be removed from his office at that placo. Tho petition having boon read by Air. Aldormnn Kippux and supported by Air. L. W. Levey, who bore testimony to tho character of Air. Pource, Air. Robertson snid: 1 know Mr. Ponrco as well ns I know any one, i nnd I know him to bo a most exemplary officer. Whntovor course tho Govcrnmont take, is not in . any way an assnult upon his character, or with i any intention of dealing with him at all harshly. Ho will havo, thosnmo as any othor officor, claims : upon tho Government which will not be overlook- ' cd. Thoroforo, that part about his character is . admitted at onco. Tnoro is no doubt about his character and position. I was in office wlion Air. . Pearco was appointed ; I entirely concurred in his appointment, and I novor hoard anything about him which indicated that wo woro not right in making tho appointmont. But this is u question having reference to tho public ex penditure; and, as it scorns to tho Govornmont, this is not a caso wlioro wo ought to incur tho exponso of a polico magistrate alono as such — that, in fact, while wo are willing to givo Young the benofit of a paid officor to conduct tho busi ness of tho court, we must cast tho duty upon somo ono who will do something else besides. We aro.culled upon to keep tho public expendi ture within our means, and tho mode in which wo proposo doing that is to avoid cutting down salaries to starvation rates, by amalgamating officers whorevor wo can, and giving tho officers good pay with an increnso of work. Young will I have tho ndvantago undor the present arrange ment of possessing an officor equal to any in tho country that I know of — I moan Mr. Clarko — who has lieon for many years a olorkof Potty Sessions, who hns worked his way up to a Chiof Cotnmis- sionorship,.and who is Air. Pearce's senior officer. We are compelled in making these reductions to striko out tho juniors ; and thus it liappons that bocauso Air. Poarco is junior to Air. Clarko, and bocauso ono man can do tho wholo of tho work, wo strike out Air. Pearco, with ovory dosiro and intention to provide for him olsowhoro. But wo cnmiot hotp this. I go into ono of those country towns, and find a gold commissioner, a commissioner of crown lands, a police magistrate, a clork of petty sossions— each of thoso havo on an avcrngo, what with thoir salarios and travel ling oxponscs, something like £000 por yoar. And thoy aro tumbling over onch other l'or want of employment. Unloss the thing is a sham we must cut tliem down. I am sorry for Air. Pearco, but I fool I must do my duty, nnd I will do my duty. Air. Nonlo said bo did not find fault with tho carrying out of retrenchment, but was very glnd to find tho Govornmont making an offort in that direction. All that tho deputation desired wns to bring tho claims of Air. Pearco ns an officor-of tho Government under consideration. Air. Poarco had porfonnedhis dutios satisfactorily for a number of years, nnd they wished to soo whethor undor tho alterations contemplated by tho Government ho could not bo retained, and perhaps a loss efficient officer disclmrgod. Air. L. "W. Lovey said thoro was an office vacant at Young which could bo woll filled by Air. Pearoe. Air. Poarco had a family and had built himself a homo in Young, and would bo at great loss if removed. Ho had spent his all there. The deputation had no intention of canvassing tho acts of tho Govornmont who wore no doubt doing right ; but thoy had como to nsk for another ap pointmont for Mr. Poarco at Young. Tho-Com- missionersliip of Crown Lands was vacant. Air. Robortson said that wns in the department of his lion, colloagtio tho Secretary for Lands, Air. Forstor, but if tho appointment could bo givon to Air. Poarco ho was sure Air. Forstor would gladly givo it him. IIo remombercd wlion All-. Pearco was appointed tho Govornmont woro abused for appointing him. Ho was a frioiul of theirs, and it was not pleasant knocking one's friend down, Imt still ho had to do it. Air. Af. Aloxandor said that tlio mombcr for tlio district (Air. Alurtin) would havo boon the fitting person to take action in this matter, but ho (Air. Aloxandor) had boon- requested to tako tho subject in hand. Ho was placed in a very unpleasant position, bocauso ho was as anxious'ns any mombcr of tho House to retrench as much as possible, still it seamed a cruel thing to dismiss this man. AH. Robortsftn said bo would not bo dismissed. Dismissal was one tiling, nnd tho abolition of an office was an other. Ho did not know wliotlior thoro was tlio vacancy spokon of. but if there wns, ho had no doubt "that Mr. Forstor would givo it to Air. Pearco. After soino furthor conversation, the deputation withdraw. The Finder op the AIonster Diamond. — It will bo gathered' from 'the record of tho career of tho groat diamond .found by Air. Townsond, that it bus at last" turned out to bo nothing more than quartz, nnd utterly valuless. This is only what all who saw it horo fully expected, nnd tho iinmonso excitement which wns got up in Sydney was wholly unintelligible to tho good people of Tnmworth. Of course nono of us conld say positively, thatjjit was not a diamond, but nil who saw it at onco oxprossod a belief that should tho valunblo monster prove to bo a ono many of tho same sort could bo easily discovered. Wo in Tnmworth havo followed its careor with great interest and somo little oxcitoment,' due more to what was' occurring in Sydnoy than from any beliofin its genuineness. Air. Townsond has returned to Tnmworth, and does not scom in tlio loust sorry that his gom did not provo to bo the roal Simon Pure. He does not appear to havo boon nt nnv loss, although his gains aro not so great by half as are represented by tho Sydnoy papers, tlio lucky ones boing thoso who got up tho company and sold their live pound sh ires for thirty-live pounds. Thoso men woro duped in regard to. tho diamond, but it would bo hard to say whether wilfully or othcrwiso. It is almost incredible, however, that sane men, with out an object, would give £500 for a stone, with out first sooing it-,— and tho way in which tho mystery as to its valuo was sustained, whon tho truth might havo been mado manifest in tho space of five minutes, is not tho " clean "potato." Credulous pooplo hnvo only themselves to blame lt.thej' havo lost by tho transaction, and it would ho qmto superfluous in us to givo a- caution, Ru in a largo population liko that 'of Sydnoy while tho world lasts thoro will always bo found suf ficient credulity to float a company for such a purposo as that referred to, whore tho capital required is not laigc. Air. Townsond, wo loarn, intends returning to Now England, nnd purposes dovoting his attention to tho gathering of rubios, omomlds, &e.; — but no more diamonds. Ho says bo will return to Sydney in a month hcnco with a nnmbor of gems. — Tamworth Examiner. Vice-Regal Visit to the U. S. S. Kearsaroe. — On Alondny afternoon, at tho invitation of Gom- mmdor Thornton, his Excellency tlio Governor, with the Countess of Bolmoro and suite, visited tho Konrsnrga. Tho party wns received on board at about three o'clock, and remained about an hour and a half. Tho English ensign was hoisted at tho mainmast head of tho Koarsargo, and the crow manned yards with a promptitndo that did thom much credit. The moil wero put through thoir oxorciso with tlio big guns, and tho various lnunmuvros woro executed in a manner indicating careful discipline and training. AVo aro informed that tho Koarsargo will sail honco for Wellington, and thenco to Cailao. Persons wishing to visit tho ship can do so any day during tho wcok. — Empire. Limestone fiujm ALyrulan. — Thoro aro now t-liroo difl'oront parties working tlio limestone quartos near Alurulun, and largo qunutitios go to tho railway station packed in bags liko flour. This is a new branch of industry which, though small, is of soino value, and may now ho con- Lsidoroil to bo established. — Goulburii Herald. The Mail between Narandera and AIarsden's, via AIerool Creek. — Wo extract tho following from somo loading remarks of tho Wagga Wagga Express on this subject : — For somo yours past a number of station-holders, at an outlay of £10, £15, and £'20 each, havo supported a private mail, but hardly any of thoso public spiritod gontlomen will, by tho contemplated Govornmont mail, bo ovon remotely benefited, whilst numbers of othor station-holders who liavo novor contri buted a penny to tho private mail fund, will now linvo their postal, interests duly provided for at tho cost of tho Govornmont. What wondor is it that undor circumstancos liko thoso the Govorn mont proposals should bo mot with dissatisfaction and opposition ? According to thoso a mail would bo run twico a week, taking alternately different routes. Starting from Narandera tho first of thoso would run by way of Bolero, Warrio, Arian, and AIerool Crook, ami then striko ncross tho corner of Alimosa to Conuin's and G'ootn- mnndry. Tho second would pursuo " tlio same route as far ns Warrie, nnd striko from thonco by way of Cowarboo to tho samo destination. By adopting oither of thoso routes th t wholo of tlio Norlhorn nnd Western portions of tho district would bo thrown out of tho mail lino, and at the samo timo tho cost of maintaining tho private mail, which it would still be necessary to keep up, would bo proportionately increased by the secession of thoso subscribers which tho establishment of tho Government mail would in duce. The true solution' of tho difficulty, and the solution proposed by the people of tlio Arovool thomsolvos is, that instond. of a bi-wookly, a wookly mail, which would bo qnito sufficient for thoir present requirements, should only bo estab lished, nnd that without regard to general direct ness of route, it should bo so arrangod ns to traverse in its courso the greater portion of tho district, and to comprise as much of tho country as possiblo. within tlio rango of its postal circuit. To comprehensively effect this purpose, it is sug gested that aftor leaving Bolero tho mail line should run to Alumbledool, Bnrollan, Bynyah, Biil- landry, Conapnira, dropping letters thoro for tlio stations of Dr. Stitt, Air. C'oomlios, andothcrs ;nnil to Alalonga, leaving lottors for tbo lower part of tbo Humbug and many stations in that- part of tbo country ; thence again to Nariah, and thoro serving tho stations of Alossrs. White, rhillips, Besnard, and others ; thonce by way of Wallandry, Budegar and Alandnma to tho Broken Dam ; and from thonco by tlio proposed Government lino to Cootamundry. By following this courso — a very circuitous one it is admitted — tlio wholo, or vory nearly the wholo qf the Alorool country would obtain tho ndvantago of wookly mail communication with tho rost of tho colony, while by adopting tbo ono proposed by tho Govornmont, this advantage would ho confined to but a vory small section of it. In calling fur the tenders a blunder has been com mitted, hut tho matter hns not yet gone too fnr to admit of a remedy. The pooplo of Arorool havo spoken out, nnd it is to bo hopod that thoir wishos, -in a matter in whicli, thoir interests arc so nearly concorned, will roccivo thoir due weight at tho bunds ol tho authorities. The Late Suicide at Nerriguxdah,- Tho Gulf correspondent of tho Moruya Telegraph reports tho following circumstances in regard to tho suicide at Norrigundnh On Saturday morn ing, Bristo Alinas, minor, was found with his throat badly cut in Atkinson's hut, which over looks Gulf Crook and Grnvo Yard. Whon Atkinson, tho owner of tho hut-, first found him, ho wns so astonished that ho did not porccivo tho frightful gush which caused death ; but whon othors arrivod to ascertain particulars a sud spoctaclo awaited thom — deceased was partly sitting on a bod, his hoad inclined backwards, a ' largo pool of blood'on tho floor, which his dog that was shut in with him d?9R no$ soom to havo topchcd, and tho razor — tho fatal instrument with which ho offcctcd his purposo — lying open and blood-stninod on tho floor, near his lint. Tho poor man, it sooms, had boon drinking hard during tho week, nnd was, ono would say, re covering from tho bad effects, when on Friday! after six in tho evouing, ho wont to a neighbour's fur tho loan of a razor, which it appears ho was in tho habit of borrowing, so that no suspicions wore on that account oxcitcd. IIo did not, howovor, on taking tho razor, go to his own hut; hut walked along tlio path, up and down tho tips, crossed tho crook near Airs. Hardy's, wlioro Air. Watson spoko to him. but received no answer, and up tho stoop hill towards that -lono tonomont. 'i'lio door was secured by a padlock, which ho removed by putting his hand through tho aperture and unloosing tho chain, ho entered with his dog, closing tho door, so that ho was in complete darkness whilo ho did tho frightful dead. At eight, a dog — most probably his own — set up a most dismal cry, which was answered back by another from tho opposite side of tho crook, to tho annoyance of its owner ; but it may bo fairly inferred tlint AHaus heard it not. It is thought ho choso Atkinson's hut becnuso lie know the owner would not sleep thoro, and its being more isolated than tho ono lie occupied. AV. S. Caswell, Esq., coroner, held an inquest on Aloiidny morning, when tho jury found that doooased, Bristo Alinns, dostroyed himself whilst labouring undor a fit of temporary insanity. Alossrs. Elliott and Ilolt, in a spirit of Christian charity, made the necessary arrange ments for interment, which took place at two o'clock. Tho Rov. Air. Fitzgerald, of Alornyn, read tho burial sorvico, and feelingly oxhortcd all to shun tho fatal vice of intomponiuco. Tho doooasod was a married man, and camo to Aus tralia from Ballymona, county of Antrim, wlioro hp loft a wifo and grown up family in good circumstances. IIo had often, it would seem, tho chnncn of returning, but somehow or other tho unhappy man scorned fated to remain to ndd ono more to tho many who have died violently horo from oxcossivo drinking. Judging from tho past, wo are cohstrainod to ask "who is noxt t" Tiie Southern, Railway Extension. — Tho Wagga Wagga Advertiser of AVeduosduy writes : —Tho Yass Railv'ay Fx tension "Committee havo linen considering a polite invitation to coalesco with tho Western Railway League, and hnvo decided to givo it as polito a refusal. Tlicy could hardly linvo done otherwise, without stultifying their previous proceedings, and placing themselves in tho ridiculous position of opposing thoir own petition. Thoro is this difforonco between tlio AVostcrn and Sonthorn railway extension, which cannot bo kept too constantly before tho country, that whereas tho ono is a local question of vast importanco, no doubt, to tho Western. district, tho othor is a n itional qnostion of paramount importance to t ic whole colony. It is ovidont, therefore, that as thoro can ho no comparison between tho two c isos, so thoro can bo no conlition. Tho advantage would he all on ono side, or rather all the advantage that tho ono party now un doubtedly possesses would bo utterly sacrificed without, so far as wo can sco, a particle of gain to either. It was stated, wo observe, at the last meeting of the Yass committoo, that it was likely that a permanent committoo would bo chosen, or a league formed at AVagga AVugga. AVo aro glad to hoar it, though beyond a suggestion to that effect in those columns, wc woro not awaro that anything had been done in that dosirablo direction. It is to ho hoped that tho step thus doubly recommended will now ho taken without I'urtlioi- delay. As was well pointed out by ono of our correspondents last week, a general league of tho Sonthorn districts is required for two reasons — to press flic question of immodiato extension to tho Alurray with proper weight upon tho Legislature, and to prevent nny little local jealnusits from injuring tho canso. Of this grand mistake there are already somo indications, which cannot ho too promptly nipped in the bud. At Gnndagai nnd tho neighbouring townships a loaguo has boon formed for tho oxpress purposo of bringing tho railway by n particular route for tlioir spocinl advantage. It is cloar that, if this courso is pursued, there will presently ho as many Southern railway leagues as there are townships — tho forces that united would bo irresistible, will bo dissipated by division, nnd failure will botbo inovitablo result. To avert this unplonsant catastrophe wo would again suggest that a general Southern league, oli'ensivo and dofonsivo, should ho formed for tho ono purposo of urging, by ovory legitimate means, railway extension to the Alurray. In a groat movement of this kind somo ono must take tho load, nnd it so happens that AVagga AVagga has a special opportunity of doing so. Circulars, with copies of our petition, havo already boon sent to most of tho neighbouring townships. Those circulars aro rcturnnblo by the end of tho present month, when, wo presume, another meeting of tho conimittco will bo hold. Then let tho proposition bo brought forward, and, if liecossnry, another public meeting ho called for tho appointment of a permanent com- miRce, wibii power to any liseii to cue com mittees formed olsowhoro for tho samo object. Tho political forco of such an organisation would bo enormous, and it is only by politicul forco that tlio victory can be won. IIoli.oway's Ointment and Pills. — Ghost and Stomach Complaints. — Tho sourco nnd centre of almost every ailment is impurity of tlio blood ; dislodge this poison, and disease departs. Ilolloway's pills oxorciso tho inestimable powor of thoroughly cleansing each component part of tho blood, and roudoring this fluid lit to perform its important functions. Thoy copo most suc cessfully with chost disoasos, stomach com plaints, livor disorders, and many othor maladies, which woro onco tho besotting dnngors of man kind at certain seasons in town and country. Tlio directions for use onablo overy ono to rcgn- lnto tho operation of tlioso pills with tlio greatest nicety. Chronic invalids, nervous sufferers, and all whom other treatment has failed to relieve, aro respectfully invited to try Holloway's celo- brated mcdiciiio, which will strengthen and euro them. 