We hope wo have heard the last of tho Engav and Duncan, controversy. In a speech of more than live hours duration Mr Eagar does not annear to have exhausted the grounds unon which his Collector of Customs was dismissed his office, for on the following evening the lion, member for Yass Plains, whose energies, such as they are, appear to lie always concentrated where they are surplusage, supplemented the domestic grievances of tho Customs Department with further instances of official impropriety on the part of 3Ir Duncan. The late Treasurer had said quite enough to put twenty Duncans in their grave, hut there is such a thing as heaping coals of fire on a man's head in order to show how terribly wicked he has been. There are suits in tho Matrimonial Causes and Divorce Courts in which judicial separation is sought on the grounds of incompatibility of temper, and if the jurisdiction of these courts were extended so that the cause re Eagar v. Duncan could bo tried on tho evidence, especially that contained in the correspondence which is now before the public, no judge would refuso a decree — tantamount, that in his opinion these parties should never have come together. The imperious, or supposed imperious man is not likely to brook the insolent in dependence of a subordinate ; nor is the .insolent subordinate likely to bow submission to the imperious creature, tho creation of a vote of the Assembly. Neither felt inclined to throw oil on the trouble waters. Mr,Dunc;ui depended on his long apprenticeship us a security against what he regarded its the malevolent interference of Itis temporary superior; Mr Eagar nursed his wrath to keep it warm, till the heat became so unendurable tliat the pot boiled over The lute Treasurer lias certainly the best of the whole case, but in charity we believe that Mr Duncan nt times acted under a mistaken apprehension of the powers of his position. His infirmity of temper never permitted him to investigate how for he could go and no farther. This is shown in the case of the transmission of ammunition tho property of the Crown for the troops at, Brisbane and Adelaide. An application was made by Colonel Waddy, Colonel Commandant at Svdney, to his Excellency the Governor for pel- mission to make such transmission in conformity with the 5 Victoria, No. 1 1, and that permission was granted. The application was to havo the ammunition ship|>cd by steamer. A, week after such was made, and the vice-regal consent given, the impracticable Mr Duncan wrote to his superior officer that, under the quoted act, no steam vessel engaged in the coasting trade shall carry gunpowder either as stores or cargo under penalty, thus satisfying himself that he had given Mr Eagar a clincher; and having arrived at such a satis factory conclusion he closed tho tome and rusted on his law. Unfortunately there was a proviso clause exempting Mr Duncan's special law from the carriage of gunpowder belonging to Iter .Majesty from the Queen's magazines under the order of the Governor of the colony. The seizure of 31 r Way's goods was to say the least of it tin act of precipitancy, and although bearingjt lie colour of right, solar as the Collector had to do with the revenue, was a flagrant act of insubordination, such insubordination that eotild not. fail to bring the long fermented disputes between the head of the. department and his officer to an issue. Even in this last caso there appears from the documentary evidence to have boon great forbearance on the part of 3Ir Eagar's colleagues, a persistent desire that by-gones should be by-gones, and that tin apology to be made should salve the wounded feelings of the Treasurer. This apology 3Ir Eager did not consider condoned tho offence, untl rested the, propriety of its rejection as a reparation for wrongs done on manifold nets of insubordina tion, which had been the distinguishing features in Mr Duncan's career ever since he had been in the civil service of the colony. 1 We think it was hardly fair to 3Ir Duncan to go so far back as his appointment to the office of Sub-Collector of Customs at Brisbane ' in order to strengthen the present case against t him. Surely to such declaration ho could plead the Statute of Limitations. But the story of his life from year to year, as told by \- Mr Eagar, is defended on tho grounds that it was evoked by 3Ir Solicitor-General Josephson. Be it so, it is nevertheless indefensible, although the lion, member for Braid wood, in an indiscreet moment, introduced it to tlie House. Mr Duncan litis to thank him for I' calling out the resurrection man. The blacker, i, however, they make the. conduct of the Collector of Customs (luring the early part of his official t career, and the more strenuous the endeavour ', to connect the present with the past by a nexus | not the most reputable to the efficiency of the public service, tlie greater becomes the con demnation of any Ministry who suffered him to be placed in office. Efficiency for duties to bo performed consists of elements more valu able than tilt! mere routine of the department. Besides the suavitcr in modo, there should lie a sensitive respect for tho position held, that demands it without show from subordiiiiit.es, and exacts it by its virtue from the superior, whoever ho may be. Mr Duncan is not possessed of that true self-esteem. His temper, we are almost const, rained so to estimate it,, is more liko that of a man of thwarted ambition, who would be C;esar but is " mtllits." Itis not an uncommon circumstance to meet with men who, without the chance of the Ministerial and Parliament an" prominency of 31 r Duncan, have much of Lis idiosyncrasy. They have struggled, scarcely without their own know ledge, to attain a certain object ; they have, as it were, an instinct of what they regard as their proper destiny, and almost, unconsciously havo directed the course of their lives in that direction. Tlie awakening Lo discover their error is not likely to add much honey to their temper. This may havo been so in the ease of 3Ir Duncan, but if a splendid salary could compensate ambition for the. foremost ground, lie has had that to all reasonable extent. 3Ir Eagar takes up a wrong ground of defence in accusing his adversaries of having done some- I thing equally as bad as what they charge him with having done. It is the old argument of "You're another." Virtue should stand on its own merits .outside the curtilage of vice. Tho first act of insubordination that 3Ir Eagar charged against 3JT Duncan was that of exact ing 10s. a gallon on ginger wine, which should i O O O CJ I . | have been passed at -.'Is. a gallon, after an | analysis by 3 IV Norrie, supported by Professor Smith, of tho Sydney University, whien demonstrated that it did not contain a particls of spirit (set; report in S. .\f. Herald). 3Vo should like to know how such a gross act of insubordination was overlooked at the time, and 3Lr Eagar refers to the. minute having reference to it. The over-duty charge may consequently bo attributed to 3Ir Dun can's zeal for the public service. But his zeal diminishes in Mr Eagar's eyes by its multiplica tion. We mil' hero express our very strong doubts that the. cordial known its ginger wine, imported or even manufactured in the colony, is free front alcohol. The next grievance that 3Ir Eagar has, and one on which ho founds his opposition to tho substantive question be fore the House, that of providing by special Act, amending the Superannuation Act, a pen sion for 31 r Duncan, is tho caso of 31 r War- burton. On the 1st June, 3lr Eu"ar sent down tho following minute to the Custom House : — 'Tdirect that 3Ir Charles Warhurton, tide-waiter, lie removed from the long room to tilt; performance of his proper duties on board i ship. I further direct that 31r A. H. Pomis, | extra tide-waiter, perform the duties now dis- j charged by 3Ir C. Warburton, namely," Are. i This arrangement was to tako effect from the j .'Ird. It was not carried out, up to the ff'.lth, when a reminder was sent to the Collector, sup plemented with tho enquiry as to what 31 r Warburton had been doing in the meantime. TlioTfjfinTi is not creditable to the ellieienev of the department, as there was much play and little work, reversing the common maxim. 3Lr Duncan is next charged, and we think very properly so too, with having obstructed the ap pointment of 3li- Eamcs, rice 31r 31aedermott, who had used very improper and imgentlo- manly language at the time of tlie landing of the Earl of Bel more in respect of his lordship's antecedents and those of his family. 3Ir Mac- dermott instead of being dismissed from the public service — which were such conduct pro perly proved he richly deserved — was removed under a disrate to Botany. A month appears to have elapsed between the a|i|ioiutment ol 3tr Eamcs, its confirmation, and his instalment in office owing to the hindrance of Mr Duncan. We drop down now in this eventful history on the case of 31 r Muddocks, and there, it Mr Duncan had made an out-spoken manly stand we believe then: is not one person in tliis large community but would have sym|>athised with him, however the. ease referred to may now be regarded. It is much to lie deplored that a. party spirit lias been cropping up these late years that aims not so much at the furtherance of religion ns the destruction of independent faith. But those who scatter the seeds ot dis sension scatter them to their own confusion ,nud the day will inevitably come when tho desola tion they are causing will envelop them in its wretchedness. Christianity was never intend ed for a war of Greeds. " If my kingdom was nf this world then would my servants' light." But we are rather abroad of tlie subject. There does not appear to be much eonnectioi('lietweon Christianity and the disputes of Eagar and Duncan, but there is an underlying of it as there is in all transactions of life. Mr Mad- docks held a position in the customs under Mr Duncan and Mr Duncan under Mr Eagar. Mr 3laddoeks is a Protestant and lives some dis tance IVom Sydney. Mr Duncan is a member of tho Boman Catholic Church. Mr 31addoeks was at. times desirous of engaging servants and considered that a reference to the housekeeper at the Customs House would be more con venient than referring them In his wife. It came lo tlie knowledge of 3Ir Duncan that ad vertisements had been inserted in one of the Sydney papers stating the requirement and referring the parties to the housekeeper. Some of these advertisements stated that the parlies applying must, be " Protest-ants." This was a great offence to the too susceptible feelings of Mr Duncan, another gentleman with less acerbity of temper would have, under similar circumstances, passed over the very question able taste of the advertiser with a pitying smile. The subject, however, was not allowed so quiet a passage by Mr Duncan, and an in terview between Protestant Muddocks and Catholic Duncan led to an irruptirin that event ually came tinder the ministerial notice. In Mr Eagar's minute referring to the complaint he asserted that there was a perfect right on the part of Mr Muddocks to select servants from whatever religion lie chose ; but it, cannot be denied that Mr Muddocks acted with ex tremely bad taste in advertising for merely " Protestant" servants and referring thorn to a a particular Government establishment, the head of which was a Boman Catholic. It is quite immaterial its regards the breach of delicacy whether the promises where the housekeeper resided wore built at public or private expense ; tlie inmates were .servants of the Crown and under the control of the de|iartnient ; aud equally is it immaterial whether the demand on the time of the house keeper was within or without that, limited for the performance of her official duties. The error on 31 r 31 addoek'vs part, we refer to it in no more offensive term, was an unpardonable one in a gentleman it who is supposed should have known belter. A further case adduced by M'r Eagar exemplifies bow infirm 31r .Dmiemi's tumpur is( and bow ro:i'lv- !w> w.« In gather materials for a ease against any of those who crossed his path. Wo denounce the charges against. All' Levy as scandalous in the extreme, and it was only under the cover of a privileged cum m indention Duncan saved himself from the fruits of a civil action. What shall be said of a Government officer who under so disputable it cloak, charges one of his sub ordinates with theft, and what shall be said of him when lie is found taking evidence in tho most paltry charges on oath with all the solemnity of a judicial proceeding. If the Bill had passed to make an exception of 31'r Duncan so that he could havo retired under tlie Civil Service Superannuation Act it would have been a legalised robbery of a trust fund, and a legisla ture that would give its .sanction would lie a reproach to responsible. Government. Mr Eagar's speech has laid no answer. We believe the. Government was well satisfied with defeat. The announcement that the question was an open one was merely a subterfuge to get rid of a disagreeable subject. The dismissal of Mr Duncan was justified on all points and both the presold and the past Governments were anxious io lay the ghost. His re-inst,atement ill office lias a quality of necessity about it thatqieople do not-much care to criticise, as the time is drawing near when he will leave the public service and receive a life compensation for the wars he himself lias originated. He will be too closely watched, at all events while the present Government is in office, to be enabled to renew hostilities. But. the revelations of 3Ir Eagar, litany of which were known before, show how long " disorganisation" can lie per mitted 1 1 rankle at the very core of admin istration, how lioin year to year, from the very first day of 3Ir Duncan's official life until his dismissal weak minded governments have been content every hour to forget and forgive, how changes in the Government have given him fresh fixity of tenure, and how outside influence changed the barometer of his situation. People's eyes must be now widely open to the corruption that dwells in high places. Mr Duncan is the real exponent of it ; the legend of oHieialclom is his own public history. Fkksu Gold Discovijiubs on Private Land NBAtt Gundauai.— Tlie local paper writes: — Mr It. Poffmore. of Gundagai, has fallen in for a slico nf good luck, which may also prove beneficial to others. It may ho remembered t.hnt the gold lead nn tho Spring-flat diggings was thought tn run into Mr Moreliison's paddock, prior to operations being abandoned on that gold-Held. Mr Fodtnoro purchased the paddock, which is nbout two acres in size, from Mr Murchisnn. nnd commenced sink ing there about four months ago. lie was forced to abandon working on account of tho water in the claim, but about four days ago, taking ndvnntago of the dry weather, ho re-commenced operations, and was rewarded by coining upon what ho be lieves to ho the continuation of tiie gold lend. Several tubs of stuff havo been washed, which have returned an average of 1 dwt. to the tub. One tub yielded over 3 dwts , and several nuggets of from 2 to 3 dwts. have been found in picking down the dirt. A g aid many persons have desired to purchase shares in this paddock, hut Mr Fod- inorc has only sold two claims. As there is plenty of Government land round, wc may hope this one success will lead to mure fortunate efforts in tho sum - direction. OcniNATioN. — Mr Gualtor Snares, who formerly held the offices of postmaster and teacher of the Church of England denominational school in Qneanboynn. has. rifter n course of study at Moore College been ordained by the bishop of Melbourne, nrid nppbinted to a church on Unllarat. Mr Soaros's family leave town next week for Ballarat. — Age, 