THE PATRIARCH OF CONSTANTINOPLE AND THE POPE. (Translated in the Guardian from the Eastern Star.) AT the discussion at the Patriarch's Palace concerning the invitation to the Council to be held in Rome on Thursday in last week (Octo-<*> ber 3rd), two priests of the company of Mon- company signor Brunoni, the Envoy of His Holiness the Pope of Borne at Constantinople, came to the Protosyncellium and requested an audience with the Most Holy Patriarch, on the part of Dom Testas, as agent of M. Brunoni, now absent at Borne. The time appointed for the interview was between 9 and 10 on Saturday, October 5. About 10 o'clock on Saturday, Dom Testas arrived, accompanied by three other priests, of whom one spoke Greek a little; all, however, spoke French. After interchange of salutations at the Protosyncellium they were conducted by the Protosyncellus to His Holiness. Having entered the presence of His Holiness and kissed his hands, they took their seats at the kindly invitation of the Patriarch, who embraced them. While His Holiness was proceed ing with the customary expressions of kindness and goodwill, they all rose, and Dom Testas took from his bosom a letter, tied with with gold cord, and in a purple cover, and handed it to the Patriarch, while the priest next to him said in Greek :—" In the absence of Brunoni we come to invite your Holiness to the (Ecumenical Council to be held at Borne in the next year, on the Bth December, and there fore we call on yon to accept this present written summons." His Holiness, having indicated by a motion of the hand that the gold-fastened epistle which Dom Testas brought should be laid on the desk, and that they should be seated, addressed them in an earnest tone, indicative of paternal love and kindness. "If the daily papers of Borne, and others deriving information from them, had not published the letter of summons of His Holiness to the, as ye call it, (Ecumeni cal Council at Borne, and, consequently, if we had not known the object and contents of the letter, and the principles (platform or stand point) of His Holiness, we would thankfully have received the letter sent from the Patriarch of Old Borne, expecting thence to obtain some information. Since, however, the letter of sum mons already published in the newspapers has re vealed the principles of His Holiness—principles utterly abhorrent from those of the Orthodox Eastern Church—on this account at once sor rowfully and straightforwardly we tell your Holiness that we cannot receive either such a summons or snch a document from His Holi ness, assuming as he does the same principles as have always been assumed by Borne—principles antagonistic to the spirit of the Gospel* and to the teaching of the (Ecumenical Councils and of the Holy Fathers. His Holiness having taken the same step also in 1848, summoned the Orthodox Eastern Church to make answer, by an encyclical letter, showing distinctly and clearly the opposition of the principles of Borne to the traditional and Apostolic ones— the answer to which not only did not please, but also gave offence to His Holiness; and that His Holiness was really offended the counter re ply from him clearly showed; and since His Holiness evidently will in nowise deviate from his own position, neither (by Divine grace) do we mean to deviate from ours. Wherefore we do not wish to occasion to him fresh offence to no purpose, nor can we endure to reopen old wounds and stir up again extinct hatreds by questions and dispntings of words which end, for the most part, in breaches and ill will—whereas rather each of us has need at this time, if ever, of evangelical and common love and sympathy, on account of the many and various dangers and trials which surround the Church of Christ. Nor, again, is any mutual understanding or discussion in Council possible unless there exist first the common basis of the same principles acknowledged by both. And further, our opinion is that the most suftcessful and least irritating method of solving such questions is the historical method. Since it is manifest that there was a Church in existence ten centuries back which held the same doctrines in the East as in the West, in the Old as in the New Borne, let us each recur to that and see which of us has added aught, which has dimi nighed aught therefrom; and let all that may have been added be struck off, if any there be, and wherever it be; and let all that has been diminished therefrom be re-added, if any there be, and whatever it be; and then we shall all unawares find ourselves united in the same symbol of Catholic Orthodoxy from which Borne, in the Litter centuries having strayed, takes pleasure in widening the breach by ever new doctrines and institutions at variance with holy tradition." First Priest, Dom Testas: What opinions dis cordant with tradition does your Holiness in tend? The Patriarch: To omit details, we cannot (so long as the Church of the Saviour is on the earth) admit—l. That there is in the Universal Church of Christ any bishop, supreme ruler, and head other than the Lord. 2. That there is any patriarch^infallible and unerring, speaking ex cathedra, and above (Ecumenical Councils, in which latter is infallibility when they are in ac cordance with Scripture and Apostolic tradi tion. 3. That the Apostles were unequal (in contempt of the Holy Ghost, who enlightened them all equally); or 4, that this or that Patriarch or Pope had pre-eminence of seat, not by human and synodical arrangement, but (as ye assert) by Divine right; and other similar points. The SecDnd Priest: It is not proposed that Borne should change her principles. The Third Priest: Bince the Council of Flo rence having examined such points united the two Churches, but still some individuals were left out of that union, these it is whom the Holy Father invites to the approaching (Ecumeni cal Council, that these also may be perfectly united. The Patriarch: None but an uneducated man (and your Holiness belongs not certainly to this class) can by possibility be ignorant how many things have been spoken and written against the Council of Florence. And, disputes having arisen immediately after the last Session of that compulsory assembly, the forced union died in its swaddling clothes. An assemblage collected on political grounds, on grounds purely of worldly interest, and which ended in a deci sion imposed for a time on some few of our Church by dint of starvation and every kind of violence and threat by him who was then Pope —such an assembly is not even worthy of the sacred name of Council. According to an (Ecu menical Council—(Ecumenical Church and true Catholicity is, and is defined to be, that holy and undefiled body in which (indepen dently of its material extent) the sum of the pure teaching of the Apostles is held, and the faith of the whole Church on earth, as it was established and thoroughly tried for the first eight centuries after the foundation of the Church, during which period the fathers, both of the East and West, and the seven and only (Ecumenical and most holy and in spired Councils speak one and the Bame heavenly utterance of the Gospel. Let those Councils, and those reverend fathers, whose writings are familiar to all, be the safe and un erring guide of every Christian and bishop of the West who honestly longs and seeks for Gob* pel truth. They are the highest touchstone of Christian truth. They are the safe path on which we can meet with the holy kiss of unity of doctrine. But every one who tra\els outside of that path will be regarded by us as incapable of forming the centre around which to gather the members of the orthodox Catholic Church. But if haply any of the Western bishops have doubts regarding any of their doctrines, and wish to meet, let them meet and discuss them every day if they please. We have no such doubts regarding the traditional and unalterable doctrines of religion; and, moreover, reverend Fathers, it being a question of an (Ecumenical Council, it surely does not escape your memory that the (Ecumenical Councils were convened in other fashion than as His Holiness has convened this. If His Holiness the Pope of Borne had respect to Apostolic equality and brotherhood, it were fitting that (as an equal among equals in point of dignity, but first by canonical right in rank of his ice), he should have directed a separate letter to each of the Patriarchs and Synods of the East, not in encyclical and dictatorial form to impose it as though he were lord and master of all, but as a brother to brethren equal in honor and station, to ask them if, how, where, and under what conditions they would agree to the assembling of a Holy Council. This being so, either do ye, too, recur to history and the General Councils in order that on historical grounds may be re* stored the much longed for true and Christian unity, or we will again content ourselves with continued prayers and supplications for the peace of the whole world, the security of the Churches of God, and the union of ail Chris* tendom; but, under such circumstances, we assure you with sorrow, that we consider the convening of the Council vain and fruitless, and also this document which ye have brought. Fourth Priest: Is prayer alone, then, able to restore unity? If a man is sick, even while we expect the healing to come from God, and for this end offer earnest prayers and supplica tions, yet we neglect not to provide for him physicians and remedies. Having thus spoken, His Holiness ordered the Protosyncellui (who had sat next him and in* terpreted his words in French—to take the document from the desk and give it back to the agent of the Monsignor Brunoni who had de livered it; and so rising up they gave the due reverence, and having received a kind farewell from His Holiness, they left the room and de parted, accompanied as far as the stairs by the Protosyncellus.— Extracted from the Official Account of the Prototynccllium. Royal fimuuraa. — The Ritualists Me boasting just now of a very distinguished pair of converts. For several weeks past, daring t which time Marlborough- house has been •con pied by the Heir Apparent, no Sunday has passed without the royal carriages haying been used to convey the Prince and Princess to one or other cf the Ritualistic ohurches of London. Now it has been St. Margaret's, now St. Alban's, and now All Saints'; but in erery case the Prince and Princess hare gone as ordinary worshippers, have submitted to the rules of the churck—including that requiring the separation of the sexes—and hare made very handsome I contributions to the offertory. This sudden change has attracted great attention in London, and in Ritualistic circles is a favorite theme of conversation.— Court Journal. The New Lobds-in.Waitiko.—The new-L Administration has resolved that the new Lords in-Waiting should conform to the utilitarian tendencies of the age, and do some real work. They will be affiliated, as it were, to the public * offices which are not otherwise represented in the House of Lords, and will hare to answer whatever questions may be asked with reference to the business of their respective departments. Such a position—by whatever name it may continue to be called—will be obviously no longer the sinecure it once was. The nobleman who holds it will be as much before the public as an average Under-Secretary of State, and, if he wishes to make a reputation, will hare to work as hard as if he were actually responsible for the department of which he is made the Parliamentary mouth-piece. For these par* poses the new Premier is fortunate to have ready to his hand two young Peers of much promise and ability—Lord Morley and Lord Camperdown. Nor is it only Lords-in-Waiting who are to be thus utilised. The Marquis of Lanadowne, whose large fortune would prevent his accepting any small official berth, with a salary attached to it, is to be made an extra Lord of the Treasury without salary. He is, in fact, to serve an unpaid apprenticeship to public business. Such an apprenticeship is sorely «*' wanted by those who, like the nobleman we ' have mentioned, bid fair some day to occupy a prominent political position. Men of this class now rarely get opportunities for any sort of offi cial training. They distinguish themselves in debate, and when their party comes into power their rank at once secures them some responsible appointment. They are, however, naturally ignorant of the simplest details of office life, and they are thus for a time either at the mercy of subordinate wire-pullers of whom the public knows nothing, or, if they are men of originality and strong will, they learn the art of governing at the expense of the community much as Fox learnt debating at the expense of his audience. The system of putting young peers of promise into official posts of a strictly subordinate character will help to guarantee us a class of statesmen who have had actual experience of administrative work before they begin them selves to administer. Ma. Gladstone Reviled bt an ex-Lobd of the Treasuby.—On Tuesday evening a banquet was held at Bridgnorth, to celebrate the victo ries gained in Shropshire by the Conservatives during the late elections. Among the guests of the evening was Mr. Henry Whitmore, member for Bridgnorth, and one of the Lords of the Treasury under the late Government. After alluding, in terms of strong personality, to his late opponent, Sir John Acton, Mr. Whitmore said that, notwithstanding the publication of the right hon. gentleman's autobiography, h# would take that opportunity of referring to some of the wanderings of that illustrious vagrant who had now become First Minister of the Crown. He was first heard of at Newark, where he was the Tory nominee of the Toriest duke that ever breathed, and thence he went to the classic ground ot Oxford, where he represented the most enlightened constituency of the realm. Oxford turned him adrift, and he went across the blue waters of the Mediterranean as Lord High Commissioner of one of the lonian Islands. Once more he turned up in England, and, being summarily turned out of Lancashire, he took refuge in the dark streets and bye-lanes of Greenwich. He might also call attention to one incident in the private life of Mr. Gladstone, which could not be overlooked by any of them. They would remember how one Saturday night the right hon. gentleman descended into the gut ter, and calling the dirty Finlcn to bis side, concocted conspiracies and rehearsed Hyde-park Litanies for the approaching Sabbath. He wished he might finish his sketch there, but, as they all knew, the great wanderer had emerged from the dark alleys of Greenwich, and had been called to the head of the Government. If he (Mr. Whitmore) did not recognise in the con duct of human affairs a hand more powerful than that of man, he should tremble to think that the great destinies of the empire were entrusted to the care of—but for his position as First Minister of the Crown lie would say—this reckless impostor. A great crisis, the magni tude of which could not be over-estimated, was at hand. A large body of men were returned to Parliament pledged, directly or indirectly, to overthrow the Established Church. The Pro testant faith would be assailed, the throne of England attacked, the Queen's coronation oath tampered with, religion repudiated, and demo cracy pushed forward by this motley crew. It was a time for men to come forward and assert their principles, and he for one was not ashamed to confess nis faith in the Conservative cause. Colonel Corbett, the new Conservative member for South Shropshire, was comparatively mode rate in his personal references to the Premier, contenting himself with likening the right hon. gentleman to a pickpocket with whom he once came in contact at Gloucester, and who indig nantly resented a warning given to the com pany into which he had insinuated himself, that they should " mind their pockets." 