''the PATRIARCH OF CONSTANTINOPLE AND THE POPE. f Translated in tJu Guardian from the Eastern Star.) Extracted from the Official Account of the Protosyncellium. At the discussion at the Patriarch's Palace concerning the invitation to the Council to be held in Home on ^Thursday in last week (October 3rd), two priests of the company of Monsignor Brunoni, the Envoy of his ^Holiness the Pope of Rome et Constantinople, came to the Protosyncellium and requested an audience -with the Moat Holy Patriarch, on the part of Dom Testas, afi agent of Brunoni, now absent at Rome* Hhe time appointed for the interview was between 9 in nn Ratnrilav. OctftVlPP ^th. About 10 o'clock on Saturday, Dom Testas arrived, accompanied by three otber priests, of whom one Epoke Greek a little; all, however, spoke French. After interchange of salutationB at the Protosvn* cellium jtbev were conducted by the Protosyncellus *o his Holiness. Having entered the presence of his Holiness and kissed his hands, they took sth'eir seats at the kindly invitation of the Patri arch, who embraced them. While his Holiness was proceeding with the customary expressions of kind ness and goodwill, they all rose, and Dom Testas took tfrorn his bosom a letter, tied with gold cord, and in a purple cover, and handed it to the Patriarch, while the priest next to him said in Greek, ' In the absence of brunoni we csme to invite your Holiness to the CEcumenical Council to be held at Bome in the next wear, on the 8th December, and therefore we call on you to accept this present written summons.' His Holiness, having indicated by a motion of the Band that the gold-fastened epistle which Dom Testas brought should be laid on the desk, and that they should be seated, addressed them in an earnest tone Indicative of paternal love and kindness. ' If the sdsily papers of Rome, and others deriving informa tion' from them, had not published the letter of sum snons of his Holiness to the, as ye call It, (Ecumenical Council at Rome, and consequently, if we had not known the object and contents of the letter, and the principles (platform or standpoint) of his Holiness, we -would thankfully have received the letter sent from the Patriarch of Old Rome, expecting thence to obtain some information. Since, nowever, the letter of summons already published in the newspapers has xevealtd the principles of his Holiness — principles vitterly abhorrent from those of the Orthodox SJsBtern Church — on this account at once sorrowfully and straightforwardly we tell your Holiness that we cannot receive either such a summons or such a docu merit from his Holiness, assuming as he does the same principles as have always been assumed by Rome principles antagonistic to the spirit of the Gospels and to the teaching of the (Ecumenical Councils and of the Holy Fathers. His Holiaess having taken the same step also in 18(8, summoned the Orthodox Eastern Church to make answer, by an encyclical letter, showing distinctly and clearly the opposition of the principles of Bome to the traditional .and j&postolic; ones — the answer to which not only did not please, hut also gave offence to his HolinesB ; and that his Holiness was really offended the counter reply from him clearly showed ; and since his Holiness evidently will in nowiBe deviate from his own position, neither (by Divine grace) do we mean to deviate from ours. Wherefore ?we do not wish to occasion to him fresh offence to no purpose, nor can we endure to reopen old wounds and stir up again extinct hatreds by questions and disputings of words which end, for the most part, in Jbteaches and ill-will — whereas rather each of us has seed at this time, if ever, of evangelical and common love and sympathy, on account of the many and 'various dangers and trials which surround the Church of Christ. Nor, again, is any mutual understanding or discussion in Council possible unless there exist first the common batis of the same principles acknow ledged by both. And further, our opinion is that the moBt successful and least irritating method of solving Euch questions is the historical method. Since it is xnaniftst that there was a Church in existence ten centuries hack which held the same doctrines in the East as in the West, in the Old as in the New Home, let us each recur to that and see which of us has added' aught, which has diminished aught therefrom ; and let all that may have been added be struck off, if any there be, and wherever it be; and let all that has been diminished therefrom he re-added, if any there be, and whatever it be ; and then we shall all unawares find ourselves united in the same symbol of Catholic Orthodoxy from which Bome, in the latter centuries having strayed, takes pleasure in widening the breach by ever-new doctrines and institutions at variance with holy tradition.' First Priest, Dom Testas. — What opinions dis cordant with tradition does your Holiness intend 1 The Patriarch. — To omit details, we cannot (so long as the Church of the Saviour is on the earth) admit — 1. That there is in the Universal Church of Christ any bishop, supreme ruler, and head other than the Lord. 2. That there is any patriarch infallible and ? unerring, speaking excathedri, and above (Ecumenical Councils, in which latter is infallibility when they are In accordance with Scripture and Apostolic tradition. 3\. That the Apostles were unequal (in contempt of the Holy Ghost, who enlightened them all equally) ; or 4, that this or that Patriarch or Pope had pre eminence ofseat, not by human and synodical arrange ment, but (as ye assert) by Divine right ; and other similar points. The Second Priest. — It is not proposed that Rome ishould change her principles. The Third Priest. — Since the Council of Florence having examined such peints united the two Churches, hut still some individuals were left out of that union, Ihese it is whom the Holy Father invites to the ap proaching (Ecumenical Council, that these also may he perfectly united. The Patriarch. — None but an uneducated man (and your Holiness belongs not certainly to this class) can hy possibility be ignorant how many things have been Spoken and written against the Council of Florence. And, disputes having arisen immediately after the last Session of that compulsory assembly, the forced union died in its swaddling clothes. An assemblage collected on political grounds, on grounds purely of worldly interest, and which ended in a decision imposed for a time on some few of our Church hy dint of starvation and every kind of violence and threat by him who was then Pope — such an assembly Is not even worthy of the sacred name of Council. According to an (Ecumenical Council — (Ecumenical Church and true Catholicity is, and is defined to be, that holy and undefiled body in which (independently Df its material extent) the sum of the pure teaching of the Apostles is held, and the faith of the whole Church on earth, as it was established and thoroughly tried lot the first eight cesturies after the foundation of the Church, during which period the fathers, both of the East and West, and the seven and only (Ecumenieal and most holy and inspired Councils speak one and thie same heavenly utterance of the Gospel. Let those Councils, and those reverend fathers, whose writings are familiar to all, be the safe and unerring guide of every Christian aud bishop of the West who honestly longs and seckB for Gospel truth. They are the highest touchstone of Christian truth. They are the safe path on which we can meet with the holy kiss of unity of doctrine. But every ene who travels outside of that path wiU be regarded by us as incapable of forming the centre around which to gather the mem tiers of the orthodox Catholic Church. But if haply any of the Western bishops have doubts regarding any of their doctrines, and wish to meet, let them meet and discuss them every day if they please. We have no such doubts regarding the traditional and unalterable doctrineB of religion ; and, moreover, reverend Fathers, it being a question of an (Ecume nical Council, it surely does not escape your memory that the (Ecumenical Councils were convened in -other fashion than as his Holiaess has convened this. If his Holiness the Pope of Bome had respect to Apostolic equality and brotherhood, it were fitting that (as an equal among equals in point of dignity, jiut first by canonical right in rank of hiB see), he should have directed a separate letter to each of the Patriarchs and Synods of the East, not in encyclical and dictatorial form to impose it as though he were lord and master of all, hut as a brother to brethren equal in honour and station, to aBk them if, how, where, and under what conditions they would agree to the assembling of a Holy Council. This being so, either do ye, too, recur to history and the General Councils in order that on historical grounds may be restored the much longed- for true aud Christian unity, or we will again content ourselves With continued prayers and supplications for the peace of the whole world, the security of the Churches of God, and the union of all Christendom ; but, under such circumstances, we a6Bure you with sorrow, that We consider the convening of the Council vain and fruitless, and also this document which ye have brought. Fourth Priest.— Is prayer alone, then, able to restore wnity f If a man is sick, even while we expect the healing to come from God, and for this end offer earnest prayers and supplications, yet we neglect not to provide for him physicians and remedies. .IJe Patriarch.— Speaking of healing in comparison With spiritual things, only the Omniscient founder and perfecter of his own Church, Christ the, Lord, knows of a certainty who it is that is sick — how grievous the sickness is— what is the form of the disease, and what the corresponding remedy. Where Jore we again repeat there is great need of prayer, fervent and unceasing prayer, to our Lord, who is love itself, that He will inspire all with love to God and all that leads to salvation. Having thus spoken, his Holiness ordered the ProtosynceUus (who had sat next him and interpreted his words in French) to take the document from the desk and give it back to the agent of the Monsignor Brunoni who had delivered it ; and so rising up they gave the due reverence, and having received a kind farewell from his Holiness, they left the room and departed, accompanied as far as the stairs by the ProtosynceUus. (From the Times, December 28.) Our readers were introduced on Saturday to a personage quite beyond the ordinary range of their thoughts. The Patriarch of Constantinople is a very dignified ecclesiastic indeed, but he is one of the last persons to whom we should look for enlightenment on the questions of the day. The account, however, we reprinted from a contemporary of his reception of some papal envoys might induce s wish to know a good deal more of him. His speech is one of the most admirable ecclesiastical documents we have ever had the good fortune to read. Without a word of the customary verbiage, it is perfectly dignified, and it goes straight to the point. The Patriarch has something very de cided to say, and he says it with the most com mendable simplicity and directness. The opening observation, indeed, discloses a point of common sense which is almost incredible in such an Oriental lati tude, and in a personage of such antique dignity. The Patriarch reads the daUy papers, and, not only so, but he accepts them as an authority ! The Pope's envoys brought him a letter of invitation to the pro posed '? (Ecumenical Council,' to be held at Bome next year. The Patriarch told them he would thank fully have received the letter, had he not already known its object and contents from the letters of summons published in ' the daily papers of Rome, and others deriving information from them.' We are not rure that this degree of civilisation has yet been attained, even in ihis country. We can hardly conceive the Archbishop of Canterbury informing a deputation that they need not trouble themselves to present their address, as he had already read it in the daily papers, and some even of our secular authorities would be horrified at the mere idea of such an innovation. But the Patriarch, by this sensible disregard of routine, had acquainted himself with the fact that, in calling a Council, the Pope was in no particular prepared to abandon his characteristic principles. But since these are 'utterly abhorrent from those of the Orthodox Eastern Church,' the Patriarch does not see what is to be gained by discussion. This is precisely the difficulty which the Church of Bome has opposed to all schemes of mutual accom modation, and which raises an insuperable bar be tween her and the rest of Christendom. She is always the Bame. The dogma of infallibility renders it impossible that she should abate one item of her pretensions, or one jot of her doctrinal system. Con sequently, there is no possibility of friendship with her except upon her own terms. She will be very good friends with you on condition she has every thing her own way. The Patriarch has the sense to see, what has escaped some dreamers among our selves, — that this attitude excludes at once every possibility of reunion. The only language the Pope will entertain is that of submission, and those, therefore, who are not prepared to confess them selves in the wrong only waste time by any attempt at negotiation with him. ' Since his Holiness,' says the Patriarch, 'evidently will in no wise deviate from his position, neither (by Divine grace) do we mean to deviate firm ours.' The Pope must be left to pursue his own course, and other Churches must he satisfied to pursue theirs in independence of him. It would save a world of trouble to a great many good people if they could look at the matter in this simple light. When the Pope is prepared to admit that he and his Church may have made some mistakes, it will be time to think of Eirenica and to devise compromises. Till then, thinks the Patriarch, ' least said sooneBt mended.' Where is the use of ' reopening old .wounds and stirring up again extinct hatreds by questionings and disputings of words which end for the most part in breaches and ill-will r ' The Church never had greater need of ' common love and sympathy,' and if the various branches have no reasonable hope of agreement, they had better agree to differ, and be content each to do its own work. But the Patriarch also points out that the Pope's meihod for procuring unity is exactly the reverse of the right one ; and we are inclined to wonder, as we read his suggestions, whether he has had any commu nication with an eminent divine who gives equally excellent advice to the Convocation of Canterbury. He pronounces his opinion that ' the most successful and least irritating method of solving such questions is the historical method.' There is hope for the ecclesiastical world whea 'the historical method' ha: reached Constantinople, and furnishes a Patriarch with the true principles of ecclesiastical reform. * But the Patriarch's facts are unquestionable, and it is lamentable that we should have to go so far East to have them recognised. It is manifest, he says, that there was a Church in existence a certain number of centuries hack ' which held the same doctrines in the East sb in the West, in the Old as in the New Rome.' While people were content with this stan dard of doctrine, they contrived to be very good Christians. Why Gannot we be content with the seme, and attain equally satisfactory results r The Patriarch is quite prepared to accept the consequences of such a reference fer himself. ' Let us each recur,' he says, ' to that Primitive Church, and see which of us has added aught, which has diminished aught therefrom ; let all that may have been added be struck off) and let all that has been diminished therefrom be re-added, and then we shall all unawares find ourselves united in the same symbol ot ' Catholic orthodoxy.' ' Rome,' he adds, ' having strayed from this, takes pleasure in widening the breach by ever new doctrines and institutions at variance with holy tradition.' One of the Roman priests innocently inquired what doctrines these might be r The Patriarch naturally referred to Hie Pope's claim of supremacy ; but a learned reply to the Papal invitation which has just been published in Latin, on behalf of the English Church, furnishes a still more pointed retort, by simply referring to the date for which the Council is summoned. It is the 8th of December next year — the day ' sacred to the conception of the Immaculate Virgin Mary.' To believe in this last freak of 'rhetoric turned into logic' is now declared by the Pope to be essential to holding the ' unity of the faith.' The Pope's way of producing unity is to be continually creating new dogmas, fresh superstitions, and additional anathemas. The Patriarch's more hopeful proposal is to diminish dogmas, aud to go back to the principles of more simple times. Unless for this purpose, he fails again to see the use of a Council. The faith is quite suffi ciently settled for the Patriarch. ' If haply any of the Bishops of the West have doubts concerning any nf their rinetrinefi. xtriaVi tn tnoof lot- thorn moot and discuss them every day if they please. We have no such doubts regarding the traditional and unalter able standards of religion.' Have there not been other assemblies to which this admirable advice would have been not less applicable than to the Pope's Council i They . have, indeed, avoided the rock against which the Patriarch warns us, but they went much too close to it for safety. There was recently an outcry among certain sections of British Churchmen for new definitions on more than one point of doctrine, which the existing stand ards had left open. More tolerant Churchmen will be able, for the future, to shelter themselves behind the venerable authority of the Patriarch of Constan tinople. There ought to be no difficulty in maintain ing this judiciouB course among ourselveB ; for the Patriarch has, in fact, given a brief inscription of the very principles on which, according to the boast, of English Churchmen, our Reformation was conducted. It is true there is a difference between us of a century or two- in determining the point to which we ought to go back ; hut it is something to acknowledge the true Church reform consists in retrenchment, and not in further development. 