BALLARAT. ? ^ (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) TUESDAY, DEC. 14. The business of the share market to-day has been small, but prices have been pretty well maintained, and a decided improvement is taking place in Albion Consols and Prince Imperial stocks ; the discovery of good wash dirt by the first-named of these two companies being looked upon as one of great importance, opening up, as it does, a long-neglected field of alluvial mining, and benefiting numerous new companies in that neighbourhood which have been anxiously waiting the results of the Consols operations. Among these are the Prince Consort and the Empress, and further south are the Emperor, Golden Rose, and one or two others, all having very large areas of ground. Park continues to be inquired for. Koh-i-noor. Hand and Band, North Clunes Consols, and Prince of Wales were firm. The Sultan Company declared a dividend of 10s. last evening. The Snake Gully Company had 17oz. for the post fortnight's crushing, from about 240 tons of stone. Messrs. Smith and Wynne have purchased the half interest in a quartz company known as the Cosmopolitan, near Lal Lal ; the reef, which has averaged about 9dwt. per ton, is proved at one place to be about 100ft. in thickness ; this is close to the surface. Some rumours as to the financial position of gentlemen connected with the Corner have lately been freely circulated, but I think in most instances there has not been tbesmallcstfoundationforthem. Some of these rumours have found their way into print, and though the parties are not named, there is not much difficulty in guessing who is meant. As regards three of the persons named, Messrs. W. C. Smith, E. A, Wynne, and J. Croyle, there is not, I believe, the ghost of a foundation for any such rumours. These gentlemen, no doubt, have their enemies, and to the latter may be attributed the unfounded reports. A gentleman who is partial to shooting left the Corner on Saturday last to see and pick up some snipe at Lal Lal, but after a good walk he only bagged eight snakes, from 30in, to 50in. in length. These reptiles are very numerous in that locality this year ; but where are they not It is a terrible place for them. 