PROFESSIONAL JEALOSIES. Lord St. Leonard's pamphlet reviewing Lord ' Campbell's lives of Lords Lyndhurst andBrougham. is amusing in a way. It shows how very human law lords are. Their business for the most part of their lives, is abuse either of each other or of the unhappy witnesses who fell into their clutches, or of Parliamentary opponents, or of judges who will not do as they are bid, but they never seem to acquire any comfortable thickness of skin. Lord Campbell, a Scotchman, intent on getting on, not renowned for scruples, and not, one would have thought, particularly sensitive, seems to have cherished slighting remarks for years," and to have taken the trouble to prepare a book which he could not expect to see in print,-in order after his death to give as much pain, not to his detractors, but to his detractor's admirers, as should compensate his own ghost for the rubs it had suffered in the flesh. Lord St. Leonard's is not quite so revengful; but after a life of strenuous and very successful battle with the world, he cannot stomach being called " petulant, though learned Sugden," and writes a clever little book to prove that his nicknamer was in the habit of telling fibs. We dare say he was; but the fibs do not tell heavily against his foes, and we really should like, just as an exercise of discipline, to have compelled him and his present antagonist and most other recent law lords, not excluding the stately Lord Chehnsford aud the logical Lord Cairns, to conduct daily—or for that matter weekly—papers for a month; to Buf fer the hourly bombardment of accusing, insult ing, or whining letters which is one of the enjoy ments of that position. They would very soon get case-hardened, and still sooner come to the conclusion that the majority of mankind are, with respect to their own merits or demerits, such captious idiots that their comments on anything affecting themselves are not worth the trouble of reading, much less of answering them. Thin skinned as most men are, however, there seems to be an extra quantity of jealousy and solicitude about character among great lawyers which is not very easy to account for. That men whose profession is to make imputations, to compel in nocent witnesses to look like scoundrels, and generally to unveil the weak places of human nature, should resent charges on themselves, how ever slight, with acrid energy is natural; but i why should they hate each other so ? The old rule about two of a trade is not sufficient to ex plain it all, for in many trades their professors etick together very fraternally. Attorneys, especially in a capital, are rarely rivals, and doctors keep up an etiquette of brotherhood which, not infrequently involves positive wicked ness. There is scarcely a physieian in England who would not let his dearest friend remain ill for life rather than tell another practitioner— whom he knew to be a fool—that he was killing his patient by inches, or expose to the patient himself the incompetence of his attendant. Soldiers manage to live together very frankly and are apt to be very boastful about each other's feats; and civil servants, though jealous and over-eager about promotion, rarely indulge in personal antipathies. Indeed, in almost all "services" the hierarchical character of the organization, by making obedience a duty, de prives subordination of its pain, to the material decrease of opportunities for hate. Engineers are very critical of each other's works, but capable of a genuine "admiration for any profes sional success; and clergymen, unless violently opposed as to theological opinion, tend rather to be cronies. When so opposed they fight hard enough, and are less measured in language than any equally educated class of men, but then they take hard words without very conspicuous wincing. It is ridicule which tries their tempers. The average clergyman is apt to think there is some thing sacred about himself as well as about his message, and takes scarcasm much as lower-class Englishmen take "chaff" from their superiors, as conveying intentional insult. Bishops some times get beyond this, mixing more with men of the world; but average clergymen bear laughter directedagainst themselves as badly as the women who in so many other respects they are apt to resemble. There are jealousies enough among politicians, jealousies sometimes so strong as to assume the form of hatreds ; but they generally end in very vehement dislikes, which find ex pression in speeches, and so in great part exhale innocuously. They must always be distinctive enough from each other not to clash directly, and the cases are rare in which one member or one Peer is directly .and unmistakably in another's j way. The same cause modifies, with the help of j anonymous writing, the jealousy journalists would i else experience and perhaps express. Each man \ in the profession differs essentially from each tother and becomes aware as time goes on that he cannot draw away his brother's audience or lose his own unless he alienates it for himself. The trade rivalry of journals supposed by outsiders to be so very bitter and possibly sometimes felt by proprietors alarmed for their cash, is we believe almost entirely imaginaiy, no journal which has once won a position ever being injured except from within. "We venture to say, absurd as many proprietors will deem the opinion, that a paper as good as the Times sold for a farthing would not reduce the circulation of the Times ten per cent. The new enterprise could not be the Times, or very closely resemble it; and people who want the Times want it, and not some thing else, and if attracted by the farthing paper I would only buy that too.— -Spectator. 