THK " COUflT VON ATTEMS " ALLEGED ERAUD ON A MECKLENBURG BANK. Wo (Queensland Expreos of tho 30th December) hara gol a few particular« of tho doings of tho indi- vidual who passed'hero under tho above name, chiefly from a man who formed ono of tho crow of his vo-eol, tho Hamlet's Ghost Our infornraat went away with j him from Brisbane and stuck to him as far a< Coo I pang, whero thoy parted company to meet again at j Batavia, nt which r>lnco tho " Count" proinisod to pay I him bia wages and Amish him with tho means of getting a pas.-ago back to Brisbane. Tho " Count," t'-.ough it waa put out of his power to reach Batavia, in other r epects '«opt bia word with this man, who a day or two ago came back to Brisbano. Tho " Count," after hie eailing from Biisbnrio had, ns it may bo remembored, two narrow Bhaves for his liberty-ono at Cleveland Bay, from which ho sailor! just beforo the arrival of tho stornier having on board the police armed with a warrant for his apprehension ; nud tho other at Capo Yorlr, to which lio had scireoly bid farewell when tho Captain Cook, bringiug nows of his pro- ceedings, put in an appearance. IIo arrived at Capo York on tho ll'h August, and sailed ngain on tho 23rd, his stiy lasting eight days. A story reached Brisbane about his having swindled the Cockeiil's, who wcio at Capo York collecting birds. UH bought £30 worth of birds from thom, and paid thom ono half cash and tho other with ono of his " priceleES " oin quos. It seems, from all wo cnn learn, that tho Count, liho nnothor. Robin Hood, though ho had no scruples about makins: inroads into the wealth of tho rich, was straightforward in bis doings with " poor " mon, and ho had intonded to give tho" Cockerills gold for their birds. Ho WU3 putting some gold into bia pocket on ono occasion just l ol'oro going I ashore, when somo one (whore name wo have heard but nocd not mention) romarkíil that a chequ* was good onouph for suoh people na tho CocU'rille, and ho roducod tho omount; of tho metal by one-half. Whethor tho remnrk had' any effecion tho "Count," or whethor he hid moroly jumped at it as on excuse for ' giving tho men half what they wera entitled to. wo don't know; but it tooma that he was not very flush of 'ho proc'ous metal at 0-ipo Yoi k; at Clovcland Bay his store was r ther low, and homado nn ineffectual application from thoro to a Hrisbauo Him to givo him some more. How- ¡ over, it turned out that tho transaction with tho bird- ' stuffer* was u cas° of diamond-tut dinmont!, for who'n ' tho casa of birds was op n: d after tho Ghost put to seo, it was found that only half tho rpi intit.v taVy bad undertaken to furnish had boou delivered. If that ia a f.'c ucit.ncr party had- much reason to complain. When tho " Count " loft Brisbane, a man named TIowos waj his captliD, but thoy fell out by the way, and parted company nt Capo York, arni thj impostor thcro assumoti tho command of the vessel, and signed certain papers as captain ; a scaiunn n med Austin was promoted to chief mato. Tho Ghost had eight hands on board when phu anived at the Cape, and eovon when she loft ?11« bud just slar.ted, OS ITO havo mentioned, and was not out of eight when tho tchoonor Captain Csok put into tho poit iV police boat went after tho yacht, but did not overhaul it. Tho boat was Been from tho yacht, and her captain thought her object was to tnko off two gentlemen whom ho had lauded at ono ot tho bays, and so did not stop for tim boat, otherwiro his career would liivo onded ibero, for ' thoro is no doubt that tho " Count" would not havo got his crow to sido with him against tho police. Tho yacht Bailed from Somer- set O'i thu Saturday, and on the Sunday called at i onby Island, whore provis ons aro stored for vessels in distress, und lound that tho stock thoro was plentiful. Avisittçùms to have been paid lo ono or more of tho othor islands about htrb whioh wero inhabited, and an j a-jrjuaininnco formed.with tho "Indy" icsidents. The account of the .' Count's" modo of landing, as toid u?, was somowhat amusing. Though ho lind not pre- viously ijbown any sigiisof high courage-rather tho contrary-ho jumped biaveiy in;e tho shoal wntor and would have waded ashore, cinglo handsd, in tho face bf an array of warlike natives, drawn up on tho beach, had not tile mato and otbors, inspired by his d iring, jumped in'after him. Tho ' Count," who carrird a nutnbei'iif loaded revolvers ia his yacht, landed with ono of theso weapons in his baud, and his mato haoked him njr with a duck gun. Tho north east part of'limar was reaeho l in ab>ut Siivon days from i apo York, but nothing particular teau] ed from the call thcio. Coopuag was mado about eight days later, and hero our hero enjoyed himself to a groat extent. A.san Austrian count, on a yachting voyugu (ho waa careful to l.ucp up bis character from tho commence menu, hu.gainod tho aequnintunco of r.ll iho notables in tho place, from tho Governor, downwards. Ho waa a goes', nt Government Houso, mid th i Governor waa a giust on hoard tile Hamlet's Ghost, and it may bo supposed that tho travelling "nobloinan" wns uot ltws intímalo with tho less im- portant people of ilia pl.ice. Ono of tho exciting events of his visit was a raco between tho yacht und u Dutch revenue cutter (tho larger veefol of ? tho two). Tho cnurso was rouud an isl;lid six miles from Coapang. Tim commander of the ouitor mudo certain cf " wapping" tho yacht, mid had lined tho shore with a lat of Malaya who were lo cheer tito conquering hero aa he came in ; but llio Ghost won tho race of twelve nii'eo by twenty minutes, und tho Malay hirelings did not obior. Thu usual paco of the Ghost was seven or right knot*,-- huton this occasion, tho wind hoing particularly favourable, sho wont at a litilo more than that rate. "Visits wero paid lo the islande round i bout, but tho aroat event wa» an excursion, on » Urge Beale, t> Itottn in tho ilamlot'B li noel, xno uovernor nail liia suite were among tito party. It,was this trip which, to tomo extent, cost tho " Count" hi-j liberty, for turning out longer than ho liaj uutioipatcil; "it cmsed hint , to arrivo later nt Sourabaya than ho wished. Tho wind . was , blowing from tho right quarter l'or u sp'ndy (tip when they started, but attar too G host roached tho island it shifted round, and led to hor being oi^kt days, absunt from Ccopon;.'. A jouinoy inland was perlormod by thoCmnt, accom- panied by tho Governor's socrotary, and a lowothnro, and hornet with great favour from tho Chiuf, who wi. hod bira to acicpt a present of 100 ]ionice. But thu Count had noe atoro room for them, nutt was obliged to ileoliui' tho present. Tho S-orctary, who loohi d with a f nd oyo upon tho animals, offer, tl. in tho Count's alsn.oi to ¡uko thom on his behalf, which oller shucked our nob'o fric-ud'a acute sonso ol' honour, and put him a li'-tlo out oftoutpc-r. Tho «my nt OOepicg, including this trip, lasted sixteen d vs. Ono of tho principal merchants thor.', a g.iutlem-.n named Cisso, bocams an ucquuintan o of th..- CHUM'S, but ho upreared to havo fouie uuspioions r .yardin g tho distinguished vieitor. Our informant bti.üivs tli.it the Count mortgaged bia yacht lo Mc CU.^n, for an ndvuiico wilh which to pay hij men, lt WIM nt Coepung; that ho left tho .yueht, the Omit" undertaking - to moot him nt Batavia, -ind \ny ! in! what : waB due, besides, fiiinifhing .him witii ino;iey lo-gol a ]i:.o;a^o b.ic'i to Auaiiulia. " Allom.-" Miili.ii in bis ' y ct for'Java, a d o tv n Jny-B ul'it'i'iviiuhi, tho S IUUÏII lullmvid in tjio mail ir. ea m ur. It may bo' lim'jrii'jertd, from a.ptiingiaph . wbi' h ,\vn i/uolod il cbi'.rt., limo tigu from a Molboinmj pape/, giving'on nccouiit of" ÄUom V umist that there vtisa lutzy, allusion - lo a .supp led attack madu uiiou an Iluglish EUÍÍOOÜVP by thu G bust, h'l'oiu what we could {rather, thors was a till' between him and tho <-n.ptn.in of tho schooner on ontoring port, but it amounted to very littlo, and thoro wan no firing ol guns. Tho "Count" was very fortunato in tht weather ho foll in with: it was particularly (ino, and ho had fair wirrd tho wholo time. Tho steamer arrivod nt Soutabaya five days after tho yacht roached there, and tho seaman bofora alluded to made an attempt to seo tho " Count," hoping, no doubt to eave himsolf tho noc-asity of going on to ßatavh : but tho " Count" waa on a visit to I tho intorior. Thoro was an advorti?omont of j his in ono of tho Io:al papers for four À. P. seamon, I mid also for a guido for an ovorlaad journey to Batavia. Oar infirmant went on to that port, and when ho got thoro learned that tho " Count" had boon apprehended and put in gaol. As our readers learned a fow weolrs ago, nows of tho truo charaoter of thc travollcr roacbod Sourabaya whiio ho was so. journing thoro, and ho was arrested. A statement Oppenrod in tho! papors thoro to tho effect that lie had committed n fraud upoa a Mecklenburg Bank to tho extent of X7Û00 oe ¿£8000. It was gonorally be liovod hero that tho " Count" was a G-orman, but at Sotirnbajn. whore wo supposa thoro aro better j judges, no ono thought ho was nnything of tho kind. Tho impression of somo of tho crow was that ho was a Portuguoso or Spaniard, from his froquont usa of a certain Spanish oath, whon at nil put out. Ho pafsod himsolf off ns having bsen in Ibo army, but from what wo havo been told, it seems he did not know how to load ono of tho deck guns on hie yacht, and was as awkwarJ in handling it os a tailor io in managing a horse Ho wa3 vory kind to most of his men, and faithfully por'ormedjJhU p om'iBOS'.tq them. They had an idea that Austin, tho ma lei-' who was rot on friondly terms with somo of tho crew, had to somo extent been let into tho secret ai to thoCount's" truo position ; and nn imp'ossion prevailed among thom that tho '. Count" intonded to hand over tho ship to thom when ho roacbod Juva Sha was. when last seen, lying undor tho guns of tho Fort nt 'Sourabayo, and our informant was told at Batavia that she was to bo sold by ano lion in a few day?, being oxpectod to bring" about £23. It is not quito cortain that tho " Count's" original intontion was to make for Batavia, bocau3a when ho loft how ho had provided himsolf with charts of tho China and neighbouring seas; and it was nat till threatening weather com- pelled him to put into a port north of Brisbane that ho prosuri-d a chart of the Australian coast At ("oipang bo fold all tho chartB oxcept tho ono last montiono-l. So much for tho late proceedings of n man, who, whatov. r his protensions to tho character ho assumod, p sjesfod undoubted cleverness, and succoodod in accomplishing no small amount of swindling during his biief Australian career Wo euppnso tho next that will bo heard of him will bo his receiving punish- ment for his frauds at Souriboya, or what is moro likely, his being forwarded to Europe wherohis largest transactions took place. 