THE AFRICAN GOLD-FIELDS. (FROM THE TRANSVAAL ABGU3, FEB. 2.) Mr. Wood, a trader, accompanied by Mr. Jebe, arrived in town from the interior yes terday morning. He states that he was at the Tate diggings on the 18th ult, at which time there were bat two diggers at work, Messrs. Davenbiil and Corbitt; three other diggers, whom be calls the Greytown party, joined on the following day, having but just'arrived. The Fort Elizabeth party was digging two holes about four feet deep and about three feet in diameter; Ike work performed by them during the whole of the time they had been there he himself could have done in a single day without any assistance. Kuruinau had not joined the .tribe; parties, as is the custom of the natives, had been sent in all directions to search for him. < Twenty-one men belonging to the Glasgow and Limpopo Company, under the leadership of Dr. Coverljr, arrived at Fotchefstroom last Sunday morning, the 31«t ult. They are ac companied by six experienced miners, who call themselves the Australian and New Zea land Company, having been engaged iiu mining for a series of yean in those colonies as well as in California. Coward's waggon train,(five waggons) has also arrived, with six diggers as passengers. Mr. de Villiere arrived in town from the Victoria, S.'A:, Gold-fields on Saturday morn ing, the 23rd nit', and brought with him some very fine samples of gold-bearing quartz, [as also a small quantity of alluvial gold. Mr. de Villiers left the gold-fields on the 20th De cember, at which time ■ the Port Elizabeth party of Ipmrtedn, under Chapman, ahd Messrs. BavenhiU and Corbitt, werethe Only Sirons at work. Eight days this aide: qbe te, he net about sixty digger* Mwfeg whom were the Queens town party, j>rocea<E ing on their way to the gold- fields.. It is'Mr. de Villiers'a opinion, that where' he hadbeian at work, the ailnrial diggings would not j. butthat the quart* there found,with prop machinery to ornsh^ would. JtJA.howB of importance to^ state that theMatobel f>eyond tbelBahiak^^^to^btfohOr parfojof the' touthem gold-field,' -for"which it would appear they wflifeeat only with the British Government The oommtisioni if, once pn the spot,, would, soon, setty® tpls, and ptqer questions of importance. ; 1 (fbOmthbami wEftcDBT; rra. 25.) i A small piece of quartz from 'theTatin, whfch to the naked eyeoreronted Jmttha assayed, and gaVe ht .thetotb Of nearly pn ormceqf goiato the ton. >, The Sea»oh' rofi ;G6hP.---The following is the'toporto! Mr .'Parsons • on the operation* in the county of Alexandra" Pieformar^s-1 burg,February17,1869. Sir.—IhaZtTr^ to send you a report of the oueraHn 0tl<wit taken by mo in search orion? 4.T*)* u&der.; w Alexandra „T,flpe°k of gravel ham )!c •«o vimwniuuiii fmmng thfoe Kn^ J'j °* oontaintke previous.metal in rJm!r^ d quantities^ and fcom tbefact of thSd wf1?e water-wbni, Tight, And only%uenf™>« surface. I conoTuded that it mustWVS* brought down from some olderSfe the river had recently invaded ®, hat aW&S88tf82;$SS sjafflaaasis® iQ ^ftu StSr® I then tried further down the 'flat and ^ prospect' sufficient to induce mete water for two miles, with the iutenHn!? I working the deposit. Inthfe affiS miner, of many yeans-' mining fully concurred. knowiioathatif w?mS »MvTaattSffSSs would not nay more tEan l8 a dav ?UHd serted it. Thinkingthere might be an inner lead, I had shafts sunk « few yards anarT cutting the flat at right angles with the iffi ' but did not find the gold m greater qnaK 1 afterwards sank a shaft in a small e»lu about two miles higher up the river. wW from a bole in bed-rock, cohtaimne S half a bucketful of gravel and 3 ft tained two grains weight of gold. I the'ntriwi the hill above the gully and after sinfi about three feet through soil and sand r found a hard iron cement containing anwiw pieces of quartz; in this I at Once got the colour, but below, although there was abed of very water-worn quartz pebbles, I could not obtain a speck of gold. The last thine I did was to trace the gold inland as far asthe source of the Umzumbi, perhaps forty miles from the sea. I could always find the colour but in every case the gold continued to pre' Bent a water-worn appearance. The geoW cal formation is essentially primitive: all toe metamorphic rocks (especially slate) being found flanking the main granite range, then rocks on the coast side are broken through, and mingled in a very confusing manner, by a quartzose granite inclining to gneiss, which, in a decomposed state, forms the bed-rock on which the auriferous gravel is found. There is every probability of gold being found in paying quantity, for not only is the geological for mation identical with the auriferous regions of Brazil, but Mr. Sutherland (lately arrived in the Bella Rose), a miner of nineteen yean' experience in California and Australia, in formed me he has worked, with good results, on the same granite As that described by me to him in Nevada county (California), the Braidwood district (New South Wales), and the Ovens district (Victoria). I met many of the newly-arrived diggers in Durban, and from the specimens seen, and the description I gave them of the country, they were unani mous in their opinion that it was most pro bable gold wonld eventually be discovered there in payable quantity.—I have, &c.;, Geo. Root. Pabsons. Hon. T. Shepstone, Esq., Secretary for Native Affairs, Pietermaritz bnrg." (FBOM THE MOUNT ALEXANDER HAIL, APED, 5.) A correspondent, who lately left this district for the new African gold- fields, writes Natal, December 16,1868. I arrived here on the 12th inst At Mauri tius three of our party were laid np with the fever. 1 fortunately escaped. We were detained a few days in consequence, bnt it matters but little, I am sorry to say, for, to our great disgust, we found that nearly all the reports we had heard regarding the gold fields were lies. The so-called diggings have been worked by fourteen men for twelve months, during which time they have only knocked out some 3oz. of gold. Distance cer tainly lends enchantment to the view, for few here appear to know anything about the diggings. One large merchant of this place has evidently been tbe cause of circulating so many false reports. He showed us some quartz from which he stud he. could get 60oz. to the ton, which I am sure'would not produce a pennyweight. I think the fellow must be cracked, for he allowed us to try a prospect ot them, and after pounding and washing & dishful of the most likely-looking stone we failed to discover the ghost of a speck, nor could we find the colour on any of toe lot he had.' If ever a fellow deserved Lynch ing he certainly does, and I shouM. not nuna making one to do it. Most people are of tne opinion that the two specimens that were sent home came first from Australia; at any rate, nothing like them has ever been foun here before or since. I hid. some conversation with a German banker, who tpld methatan English prospecting■ party, formed onto strength of the aforesaid specimen* was ex pected to arrive in the course of a tew aay». so I have decided on waiting their arrtvai. The divings are no end,°JL?, No country—quite a Burke and Wills ** provisions for the last 400 miles. f of swagging it here. It will <»sf for tbe purchase of waggon. buUock* P™ sions, Sc.. consequently wehawthouprt" advisable to hold on a week fiU the prw®0 . make their appearance, and then ' j • with them. In for a penny In for a po j we are come so fat and are bent on see ;g little of the cotatTy. but whateveryoauo stay "where you are till you bearfrom«* I hear (here are some old Otagoiig£K j»£ htttT have not been tible to drop to ^ Again! say, Btojwhere ^V^tHoa*.*8 me mber Mount Hope rush, or Mount agopa QOWvs By i\u) way, I tried to get s job at trade to pissbut "itwouldn twash, i Kaffirs wori for next to nothing. 12s. per ath,<end two feeds of sweet potatoes per r; and, as for living berfngso viry ^P' \ biri live as cheaply' in < Victoria as hew ft is about the only cheap thing lhave i an yet—3d. for thirty peachBS, and the ~athount for tmi ia>'>1nna-'" - •w.I'riJi as aoori as ever root I wish I#"was 00 /VV WW* w ^ leaihount for ten tuelona-, - to as soori as ever I can* get a chance of iff I wish l was bacK -at Guildford !&; Catch tne ooming on m wild-goose chase in, that's»1L trial of Mr. Rascbe's newly-invented ztz-ciiishi^ff ihaohirib W/ tiwktwirdiWwpwV' M J* >enoe Of- a number of gentlemen in the ling. ffttereet (Rw effcct of repsnt to rotn&Uiiaiibeen; to give greater freedom "Hiev* the m&sm; iev poriioii *** ar Of the faUlnff'heads. ^ 