THE TA®i. "The hest in this kind are but Shadows." — Mid- buhheh Night's Dbeam. I could wish tliat the race of "critics" were extinct. I don't kno'w that I ever yet met a man who liad the impudence to setup for a commenta tor or a " critic " upon an author or an actor, who did not soon, inspire me with a feeling of intense disgust, or cause me to burst with laughter. I implore people not to take me for a " critic." I utterly repudiate the whole rout of them. If anyone like my opinions, my Saturday's gossip, he or she is welcome ; but, if you wish to insult me, write me down among the " critics " or the " philosophers. H ever I appear to be seriously assuming either motley, be sure I am only " funning." " Criticism " is becoming one of the nuisances of 3Ielbourne, and our " critical audi ences" (God save the mark!) are — nought. I know that it is the most difficult thing in the world to be a " critic." I intend, for the future, to quote the word, to show what I think of the base uses to which it is put in this Brummagem Athens of ours, this Melbourne, this city of gold, mud, duBt, "critics," and " philosophers." God help us! What were we all when we were at home ? When and where did our respectability begin P Where did we get our critical diplomas ? Hold ! Figaro. Nay ! but I will not hold, good sir, by your leave. You profess yourself a " critic," and you prate to me and to others about " tjie Hamlet of ShakBpcre," as if there were such a thing for the purposes of "criticism," or as if you could know it even if there were. And you make comparisons between (his actor and that actor, and in your supreme absurdity you ask me to accept your standard, your Hamlet, which you have the folly, the downright impudence, to call the Hamlet of Shakspere ! There is no such thing as the Hamlet of Shak spere. It is doubtful whether that marvellous creation ever shaped itself into one well-defined form, even in the mind of the Poet. It may rather have been a subtle Type, running on all sides into the spiritually vague and indefinite, some thing in human interest and conception akin to Milton's Satan, the mighty indistinctness of which constitutes much of its sublimity ; or to the form of Heath, substance or shadow — which ? — which " shape liad none distinguishable in member, joint, or limb," but stood only " black as night," the awfullest of Phantoms, on one side the gates of Hell. So Hamlet, perhaps, in some sort, in the world of flesh and blood ; a marvellous creation, with a subtle essence entirely poetical, and which no actor dead or living ever yet em bodied, and which no " critic" ever grasped, and no two human beings, spectators or readers, ever received exactly the same impression or idea,, of. So, therefore, according to the actor, we may have represented to us the princely Hamlet, the poetical Hamlet, the philosophical Hamlet, the romantic and tender, or the misanthropic Hamlet, or, in fine, the manly Hamlet and the mere elocutionary Hamlet of the bandbox and the boudoir. And there may be, of course, combina tions of these in any given actor, more or less skilful and harmonious ; and, then, turning from the actor to his audience, we may have as many impressions conveyed and relished or disliked, as the case may be, as there are persons, that is, " critics," in the theatre. The Hamlet of Shak spere is a crystal with a thousand facets, and a thousand' delicate shades and hues of colour according to the mental powers and circumstances of the actor, the reader, or the spectator. But your " critic," who would have you believe he has weighed him and measured him, has gauged the height and depth of the wonderful conception, has crept into Shakspere's brain and totted it up phrenologically, who says to you this is Hamlet, and this is how it ought exactly to be played, and from want of 6elf-forgetfulfiess and universal sympathies, cannot go off his own narrow field of view, nor enter into the heart-beats of the gallery boy as he gazes upon the " majesty of buried Denmark " with curdled pulses — this your " critic," depend upon it, is a prig, and an im postor. Now, if aBked what appears to me to be the main element running through Herr Bandmann's Hamlet, I should reply at once — it is manly strength, depth of imagination, allied to pro- foundest study of each line and word of the text, a desire almost perfectly successful tq grasp the poet's thoughts and follow them to the end, where all is "silence." We have no mincing popinjayism, no elocutionary tricks, as a substi tute for acting, but spontaneous freedom of style, and vigour of mind, full of purpose and energy, and admirably coloured throughout. There are touches of gloomy heroisin in this Hamlet, which seem to be novel, and move one strangely. These might, perhaps, have been expected from the nationality of the actor, and we may be allowed to remember that Hamlet was a Northman, and that a tinge, and more than a tinge sometimes, of Gothic fierceness and fire peeps through the courtly sables of one who is yet "the glass of fashion and the mould of form." These rougher and ruder touches of a darker colour, discernible in the by-play in the first scene, in the disturbed and impatient pacing of the ramparts, apart from his attendants ; in the scarcely concealed banter of Polonius, in the interview with Ophelia, and in the corridor scene where he comes suddenly upon the kneeling King, ' are, in my ejes, great merits. What I mean is, Herr Bandmann marks these passages with a darker pencil than most actors whom I have seen, and his conception gains in subtilty and effect from them. When he first enters and leans unmovedly upon the chair with his body bent and bis eyes fixed upon the ground, he is evidently utterly broken down by Borrow and hopeless gloom: scarcely the voice of his mother rouses him ; and as we hear presently afterwards, his heart must break, for he must hold his tongue. This gloom is rudely broken by the tidings of the apparition of liis father, and now he is for a while under the influence of stronger passions, eager, almost fierce, as we have said, and eVen though he loves H or alio, he stands apart from him. These new passions are inflamed still higher at the first accents of the Ohost, but presently, "when the dreadful revelation is made, and step by step the truth comes out, he is convulsed with silent agony ; his limbs almost refuse their office, his whole frame seems to rock under the over whelming trial, and he falls exhausted. All this partrof the play, and the stage effects, sre excel lent, full of that supernatural, weird-like, Gothic gloom and dread, which hangs like a cloud over the whole play in Herr Bandmann's conception. 'Tis like a scene from the Castle of Otranto, and the same impreBBion is conveyed in the scene with the Queen, in which the Ohost stalks forth from the picture. I must tell you, also, in the plat form scene, of the altogether admirable way in which Herr Bandmann gives the words of the oath, broken as they are by the interruptions of the Ohost, and the mingled tenderness and yearn ing anguish which he throws into his voice, and into the expression of his features, as he affec tionately bids the "perturbed Bpirit rest." All this was new, and quite excellent. From this scene, onwards, Hamlet appears distraught. His existence is a load to him, and when he tells Polonius that lie could not take from him any thing he would so willingly part with as his com- pany — "except my life, except my life, except my life" — we feel how truly he is a-weary of the world. Yet he holds to his dread purpose, and will confirm himself in the righteousness of it by the ordeal of the play — distracted but desperate still against the murderous and incestuous usurper. He clings to and waits for further proof, and then — " he will know his course." He is now full of this one consummation, that in the play lie will catch the conscience of the King ; he feels close to that terrible turning point ; his brain is excited by it ; to liim every moment that elapses ere the King's occulted guilt shall be unkennelled, as he believes, is one of unendurable suspense. The interview with Ophelia inter venes. Shaken to the lowest depths of his soul as lie is, and utterly unhinged, how can lie think of love? Yet, for a moment lie wavers, but only, in liis overstrained faucy, to find Ophelia, as be must believe, as false as the rest of her sex, and to him at least hopeless ; and so he rushes from her presence, bent, more than ever, upon bringing all to the issue of the play. Accordingly, when the King and Polonius enter, the former at once exclaims — " Love ! his affections do not that way tend." And again, "There's something in his soul o'er which his melancholy sits on brood." The action proceeds, and the play does "unkennel the occulted guilt." This is the middle, the turning point of the tragedy, and in deed the key to Hamlet's character. He is so excited at the catastrophe which he had himself prepared, so elated with the success of bis ruse, that, for the while, lie forgets " his course," upon which he had, as he thought, so firmly resolved, and bursts out only into frantic incoherent excla mations of joy — " let the stricken deer go weep," etc. Now all this is admirably pourtrayed by Herr Bandmann, who quite carries the audience along with him. Almost immediately, however, comes the reaction. Hamlet, who has been like a child with excitement, iB for a moment at rest. His mind is satisfied ; he has read the daik riddle, he " will take the Ohost' s word for a thousand pounds." " Didst perceive ? Hor. Yery well, my lord. Ham. Upon the talk of the poisoning ? Hor. I did very well note him. Ham. Ah, ha ! come, some music ! come, the recorders ! Fot if the Kin? like not the comedy, Why then, belike, he likes it not perdy. come, some music !" But Bosencrantz and Guildenstern enter, and at once his gloom and his anger and his touches of fierceness come out again. Music would have 600thcd him, and for the time the King would have been as it were forgotten, as the sweet strains would have laid the evil spirit. But these treacherous friends of his youth are his evil geniuses. Yet he will go to Iris mother, as they invite him, were she ten times his mother. " O, the recorders !" but their use is already past, and he can but cast sarcasms in the - teeth of his visitors — " do they think lie is easier to be played on than a pipe ?" And then Polonius worries him Btill further. All liis bitterness has come back upon him with augmented force, again he " can drink hot blood," but he will see his mother and " speak daggers to her, but use none." And what a scene follows ! He comes upon the King praying. Shall he kill him then? It would be just, but too merciful, and besides " his mother stays," and once more he 'has found an excuse for delay. All through these scenes Herr Bandman fully developes what ap pears to be the meaning of the play. Hamktf is all indecision and distraction still, though he has no longer any doubt of the King s guilt. His mother's summons is a relief to him. She shall be punished as the King had been. And she is, but again, carried away by the excitement, Hamlet's purpose has become " almost blunted," and the apparition of his father comes to stir him with gentle reproaches — " do not forget." This is/perhaps, the most striking scene in the imper sonation, and is most powerfully wrought by the actor. In the meantime, however, it has been decided that Hamlet shall be sent to England. He resists not, yet in the eoliloquy, "how all occasions do inform against me," attempts once more to reason himself into action. The motive he draws from the expedition and energy of Portinbras, is of a similar kind to that which he had before extracted from the speech of the player about HeeuSa. Yet it all comes to nothing. He returns, having turned the devices of his treacherous friends into their own bosoms, and one begins to see that his " purpose " — so far as it wftb his own is now indeed almost hopelessly blunted. The Ghost appears to him no more, and the end which shall itself be " silence," approaches, and comes at last through sheer accident. Hamlet haB even begun to anticpiate bis own death, and when challenged to the duel with Laertes, declares that " he will win for the King if he can." So, after all, wo see that be would never, of himself, rouse him self to decisive action. But the duel precipitates events ; the tragedy embraces the deaths not only of the King and Queen, but of Laertes and Hamlet himself ; and when Fortinbras enters he exclaims, in those magnificent lines which Car- lyle quotes on the death of the Girondists, " O proud death, "What feast is toward in th ne eternal cell. That thou so many Drinces at a shot So bloodily hast struck ?" Horatio gives us the only, and the true clue to these dismal events ; we have to hear " Of carnal, bloody, and unnatur il acts, Of accidental judements, casual slaughters, Of deaths put on by cunning and forced cause, And, in this upshot, purposes mistook Fall on th' inventors' heads." Now, it is manifest, that to embody such a character as Hamlet, in such a play, we must have something like a complete man. Mera elocution can never be a substitute for great mental and physical power. These last, and excellent elocution too, Herr Baudmann possesses. I have been able only to indicate a small portion of his merits. His Hamlet is by far, in my opinion, the best we have ever witnessed on the Melbourne boaids, for broad intellectual power, massive handling, and depth and variety of colouring ; and the performance is an even and sustained one throughout. Of Miss Evans's Ophelia I cannot speak at length to-day. It is an unfinished sketch, but of great promise, and is not the cold, passionless automaton which Ophelia is often made, but living and breathing. Her final exit was a most pathetic piece of acting, and she looks the character a merocille. The Queen of Miss Bowring is in the well- sustained style this lady seldom fails to exhibit. Mr. Harword, as Polonius, is less humorous than some actors would be ; but I like his rendering generally. Mr. Ireland gave the soliloquy of the King most intelligently. Mr. Leathes is a good Horatio. Mr. Greville's Oravedigger was " ab solute " and unequivocal in its hard-headed logic ; and Miss Carry George's Osric was quite success ful. Mr. Steele gave the speeches of the Ohost very effectively. It is hardly necessary to add that Herr Band mann is greatly applauded, and recalled at the close of every act. Miss Rose Evans was honoured with a special call at the end of the fourth act. FIGARO. 