TALES AND SKETCHES. THE WONDERFUL ADVENTURE OF CAPTAIN POTTS. [FROM TEMPLE BAR.] I was fishing the V—— one cold day in March. To stand up to one's hips in water on such a day, wielding one's rod with be- numbed fingers, shows one an enthusiastic lover of the gentle art. And such I was, and for once had got hold of a good time. The water was just the right height and color, the wind was cold, but not too cold for trout, and blow- ing down the stream, raising a nice curl on the water, but not strong enough to prevent my throwing my fly right in the teeth of it. I was ! fishing up the river from Glandwy, and at every other cast I rose a good fish and generally brought him to basket. After three o'clock they rose no more, and whip as I would I could not stir a fin. I was not sorry, then, when the next reach of the river brought me in view of the handsome stone bridge which spanned the V——, and which I knew carried the high road which led to the market town of Llanwym. Thereupon I emerged on to dry land, and taking off my wading boots and flinging them over my shoulder, lit my pipe and started at a smart pace on my way to LIanwym. I was very tired but very happy, for I had a good basket of fish, and my opportunities of fishing being rare, I appreciated my luck accordingly. After walking about a mile the gloom of even- ing drawing on and the hills seeming to close in upon me in mysterious shadows, I heard be- hind me the beat of hoofs and the rattle of wheels, and presently overtook me a spanking mare, drawing a dog-cart, wherein was seated a jolly-looking man, with broad good-humored face, wearing a brown great-coat. He pulled the mare up sharp and shouted out, "If you are going to Llanwym I'll give you a lift." Nothing loth, I scrabbled into the dog-cart, whilst the mare executed a pas seul on her hind legs, and away we went. We were soon at Llanywm, a neutral- tinted Welsh village, consisting of a long straggling street of hovels, a big hotel, the Prince Llewellyn, jotting oat into the middle thereof,, a rugged little ohuroh, a dozen pablic hoases, and half a dozen dia senting chapels. At the Prince Llewellyn my. friend pulled up. ' Come and have some beer.?; The homo-brewed is capital;'' ' Dau glaseiaa Ida owrw, Annie, darling,' to the pretty Cain brian waitress. The beer 'really, was good :' ?we drank1 to ouf respective hoalths after the kindly Celtic fashion, arid struck up a fr?end 'ehip oemented by other two glasses, of ' owrw.' 'We .agreed to dine together ..at six, and. whilst my friend, whose name: I-.found was Boberts, went to transact i his businesB, I took a stroll |ronnd the town arid called upon the local fly maker, fisherman, and barber, to talkover the fiahing and lay in a stock- of flies. I found myself at six with, an excellent appetite at the Tj;ince Llewellyn.- Mr Roberts was punctual, and we did justice to the boiled trout, saddle ol Welsh mutton, and grilled chicken, whioh fpimed our repast, washed down by famous 'hbme.brewed ale. Dinner over, there being! no other guests in the coffee room, we lit our pipes, brewed some whiskey punoh and began to talk of fish over the fire. Eoborls I found waa a thorongh fisherman and naturalist, and keen sportsman. We dis ouBHod the merits of 'all the otreama which flow in Wales, of all the flies whioh cook their tails,' till we .finished sundry tumblers of punoh. 'Do you know,' said Eoberts, ' you remind me of a friend of mine so mnon, I really thought you were the; very man when I came up to you on the road. : Potts his name was— Captain Potts — ho was a London man ; ' perhaps you know him ?' ' No, I didn't know hiim' ' Ah ! ho was oae of tho Potnoo who emaahed eo awfully somo years ago,' said my friend, indulging himself with a lond guffaw at his joke. ' You remomberjthe,greatrfailuro of Potts, Pampkirisi and Cbpe,; the; bankers, of oburae? Wellj this Potts was a nephew of old Potts— 'Sir Tin' Potta, you ; know. I knew | nothing of this thbughiwhen I first met young Pottff. I methiiri' on the river fishing; He waa a good fisherman; but you Englishmen don!t of ten do much on our rive'irs, arid then you go home and say there are no fish in them. Well, I gave him some wrinkles, which he pro fited by, and we got to be fast friends. We've nothing to do, so draw up to the fire, and I'll tell you a story about Potts and myself. I always call it ' the merciful dealing of Provi dence with John Roberts.' You shall hear: ; ; i 'I lived in this town some ten years ago. I' had just married, and had' 'lately commenced practice &b; a sblipitor. I had been artibled here,' spending the last year of my time in LbndorTt with Fudge and Frizzleum, of Lin coin's Inn— a great Charioery and agency firm,, as I dare Hay you know. .My old '.masters-John Jones, was just dead, and I thought there waa a good opening here. Bat I didn't find busi ness come in fast. You see there j iBn't much' litigation in these, parts. The .big swells are in the hands of their London lawyers, and if a poor freeholder wants ;a. bit of money, he'll borrow it on :-- a, note of hand from a neighbor, withput'a regular irnortgageTdeedi and it isn't: often that any land changes hands ; and then I was the only lawyer in the place, and that was against me. Still I had- all there was to be got. I was olerk tb tho magistrates, clerk to the highway, clerk to the commissioners of this' : or that ; but these things, although they sound large, don't bring .in', much. Well, what' with furnishing my house arid pffioe, arid so on, I'd spent the little' money I'd. got and had to, borrow some, still I- knew I;shoald come right in: time,'and my wife, though ; young, was a capital manager, and would make a crown go as far aa a pound. ::???.-???? ?; ;??' ? ??.?' ' However, I was very maoh pleased when my eighteenth bouain.Watkins Williams Watkins,! a man who had mways been very friendly to rije j.iria.' haughty, distant . Bort of way, com manded iny 'attendance' at .Wyddyllum Castle., He told irie that [her Majesty had insisted on his accepting the onerous but dignified post of High Sheriff of the county, and that be, W. iW. Wi, had graciously determined to ap point me his under sheriff. He was also pleased to. invite me to luncheon, arid ainongat the (MaticiguiBhed party at the Castle I found an acijrikiritanoe, Captain Potts, who, with lady Laura, Potts, his wife, was on a visit there. P'ottsViWas' not one of those fellows who are devilifih friendly by the river- side, and deuced cold in society. He came, forward at once to claim my acquaintance, and introduced me to Lady Laura, a delightful little woman, a regu lar little fairy, with such tiny hands and feet, and- little ' nez retrousse; im& sparkling eyes, and saoh^a smile ! She made a slavo.of me 'at ' bribe (of 'course subject to'. my . allegiance to Mary- Jane). I Went home much ..' pleased ai' my reception and at the apppintment I had re ceived ; not that it, was worth very inuch ,in. itselfri.but it gave '(pne a sort of standing.and was:an,iopeningi' rMy relative didn't, however,1 forget to call upon me to find two sureties in a thouBand pounds eaoh, to indemnify him against 'any action that might be brought, against him. j[t was the, psual thing. One of my sureties Was 'my poor old iather, who waa then living in 'a little cottago near Llandolmen. He hadn't muph more than fifty pounds a year to live upon, sp you may judge that the loss.of a ithpuaand pounds would have made: a pretty' good hole in his income. The other surety' was an old gentleman who had always been very kind to me/ and who had 'acoumalated a'lifctle money in a long life of thrift, and industry'; he'd travelled ' for Jories and . Brpwri of Man ??', olieater for thirty years. ; I never dreamed^ol such1 a thing as their being oalled upon to pay' anything for me — never., It was a mere form, I thought, and so I told them. I'd not much to do as urider-Hheriff for some time. There were only a ;few levies | which were/ paid out, and whioh put a few pounds into my pocket ;. but I was in great force at the assizes. I waa in much request amongst the ladies to get them places in court; : and when the judge, Whom I reoolleoted as a leading Q. C. when - 1 was. finishing in London, aud whom I had met at consultations sometimes,, condescended to have a chat with rite drid'asked to be presented to Mary Jane, I fait as if I had attained a con siderable elevation. '. ;;. , .'.,'.,,'.? ; After the Spring Assizes I' bad a little lei sure. , It was one of the' best fishing seasons I ever remember, and I used to be on the river every dao, and every day I would meet Potts. ! often come up to my house and have a smoke and; a glass of grog. . ; I ; waB muoh annoyad : then, when one Tuesday morning's post brought down a ca. sa. from my agents, endorsed by the firm of Moses and Mosheim, commanding me to take the body of one Bellingham Bil lingdgate Potts and. bring him before Her Mijesty's Court of Exohequer. ; And I was to have met Potts this very;afterrioon ! Daty ia j duty, arid I couldn't think of giving poor Potts i any warning of tke danger whioh threatened ; him. 1 sent' for the two bambailiffs who did ! the fow joba that oocurred in our part of the ! oonntry. I explained to them what they had ; : tb do, and they seemed ploasod with the work. Had it been one of their own; countrymen who was in the mess, they would have undertaken the busineiB. with reluctance',', 'bat, the victim' being an Englishman,' they seemed to like it. I \ i felt like a despicable ' soouridrel as I sent these , men out to track and make ., a prisoner of a 1 man whom I bad come to look upon aa a friend. ; ? To my horror, five minutes after I had dis- / missed the men, Potta himself put in his head through my ofilce doorway. ' Hullo, Roberts 1' j he cried; 'busy as usual, old fellow 1 May I - come in?' ? My presence of mind forsook I me : I could only gasp for breath and point to , tho door. Pottn came in, alarmed — 'What on earth is the matter ?' Just then the two bums, Who had traced Potts to my offloe, bounced in , and soized Potta on each .side very roughly, 'almost tearing the coat off his baok. But Potts waa aa nimble as an eel. -He drove his elbow j i into the long man's stomach and doubled him | up in an instant, and he let fly his right into / the faoe of little Jones, sending him spinning / across the room. There wero two doors open- j |ing into my ofiioe : one led to the outer or : IclorlTa offioo, tho other, opposite, opened / direotly into a little baok street. This latter : was usually kept locked, and the key hung eu ? a nail close, to my desk. By this door Potts f apd I had often made our way to the Prince f Llewellyn for our morning beer. Potta couso- j quently knew well where the key was to be | found, and saw in a moment the way of escape. The saine idea flnahod into my [mind at the game instant. Oaght I to have remained pas H tivo and let him escape? Shouldn't I have H acted negligently and dishonestly in my office i| had I done so ? I don't know now what I H ought to have done ; and although all the pros §1 and oona darted through my brain whilst Potts [H took a single step across the room, yet I don't ||! think it was from any conscious sense ol right H cr wrong, bat from a sort of professional in g& etinct, a kind of spiderish feeling, that I seized H the key and pat it in my pocket. Potts gave m me a look of soorn and reproach, and then, Is patting his hands into his pookets, leaned M baok against the mantelshelf and laughed. I M . * Are yoa all gone mad ? What's the meaning !§! of thin.' ' It means, Captain Potts,' said I, HJ ' looking smaller than I had ever done in my || life before, ' that these men have a warrant for H ' your apprehension for a debt of— how much ? n a bnndred and twenty pounds . and costs.' h ' Why didn't yon say bo before,' said the Cap m ? tain, ' instead of setting your ban dogs upon M me ? It would have saved your red-headed friend || ' a pain in his inside. Well, of course it's your jig ' business to do such dirty work. I'm sorry, |H though, I've hurt these men of yours. Here!: H ' take half a crown apiece, you fellows !' m ' ? Well, indeed,' said Jones, ' I like you very m maoh 1 Diolch yawr 1' 'Williams ceased to M rab his damaged breadbasket, and looked ana M pioiously at the ooui, o.ud then pocketed it with M a grant.' 'So it's Moses and Moaheim who've B put me in this hole. Well, I haven't the money if and I don't know how to get it ; how long caa ? yoa give me?' 'Well, yoa can atop at the H Prinoe Llewellyn to-night ; you'd hotter go on H there now with these men, and I'll come up H and talk matters over by-and-bye.' . n 'Potts went out attended by his keepers, U and he'd hardly left the offca beef ore I received If - ' a card— 'Mr Braham, Mosob aad Mosheun.' B ' A sallow young man, much bejewelled, and H with very dirty hands, was shown intonate. H He had oomo up by the night mail to Chester, h ' and posted on. I fancy ho came to see that m tbe ca. sa. was properly exeonted. Ho oncer B tained that the capture had been mide, and H lodged detainers to the amount of fit teen; hun H l dred and twenty pounds eighteen shillings and § ' sixpence. I recollect the figures wall; never i l shall I forget them. I cent the brateoiF, and U ' lad scarcely got rid of him before Lidy Liaura 1 Patts was announced. Poor little thing ! how lovely she looked ! But in ouch distress ! She'd brought all her jewels, bracelets, ringa, gold watch, diamond neoklaoe, lots of things, we rth two or three hundred pounds, I dare say. ' Ob, Mr Roberts,' she said, ' can't yon take those things aa seourity and lot my dear husband go?' 'Lady Laura,' I said, 'if it were only for a few hundred pounds I'd take his under taking for it in a minute, and arrange for his re ease, but I'm sorry to say here are detainers for fifteen hundred pounds or more.' Tiuon, ' poor lady, Bhe began to cry. Couldn't I et»ter into some compromise? sue'd £J.5.0.a,year of hsr oun; wouldn't I take the money in fifteen ?- yearly instalments of £10 J? I explained to .., her that I had no power to make any arrarige ' ' ment, Bhe must go to the creditors; bat I ad vised her strongly not to alienate or dis3ipato her own property in any way, but to let : her husband 'take the) benefit of the act.' ; . She was a sensible little woman, and saw my advice was good; she dried her eyes, ' packgd up her jewels, and I was just opening ; the door for her when I , was almost knocked down by John Jones, who ruohed into thu office ? 'looking like a ghost. 'He's gone,' ho cried .' in Welsh. ? We've lost him.' . '! c': ' Leaving her ladyship to find her own way out, I ran bare-headed into the street and on '''?? to the Prinoe Llewellyn. The bird had flown ? indeed. Bad-headed William stood at tho UUU& gtt£flUg tUXIA DUBllUg Mb IUD 1UUI CIO A* UO thought Potts were a bird. The me a had left him in his own room for a minute, mounting guard with the door half open, and when they \- entered it again he was gone. The window . was open, and there was an iron water-pipe running down the wall close by. He mast have slid down this and got away. No one had 1 seen him ; not a trace of him, not a vestige, not a fragment of a clae coald we find. I set .'.?' the police to work. They had no business to interfere, of course, as it wasn't a criminal ease, but I was Clerk to the Magistrates, and in the country the powers of the police are elastic Potts had lodged in a cottage near the river half-a-mila from the town, he might have found i is way there. I set a man to watch the House at a distance, sent off a policeman on Jorseback to the station, some oix miles off, to watch every train. But I had little hope of finding him again. He knew the country well, had a good start, and would probably strike i crosa the mountains to WigwiUem, in the ad j ining county, wuere uu uuigut laugu uu uiy beard. No sooner did this thought strike me than I determined to follow that track myself, and I started off at the rate of about six miles : . au hour. It was a hot breezeless May day, the i first day of oamtnor; what with the heatand tue turbalonce of mind in which I was, I arrived at the top of the pass, eoma 1500 f eot above the sea-level, quite exhausted. I flung myself down on the top of a rook, the highest point over-hanging the footpath below, and followed with my eye the track whioh I could ftraoe for milep, to where it crossed the border ! of tho oounty. There wasn't a living eoul upon it. In the great hush and hum of that sultry summer afternoon, as I lay amongst thu heather, my soul cried oat with the bitterness of death upon it. I was ruined, root and branch. For every penny of those sixteen hun ' drod odd pounds I was personally liable. No matter that Polts wasn't worth a penny, and ',:..'. that he had only been captured as a means of extorting money from his friends. That made ? no difference in the eye of the law ; I had done no wrong, had hardly boen imprudent, and yet I was ruinod, and all my people My poor old ? father would probably end his days in the workhouse. My friend, who had lent me hia name, would have to take to the road again for bare aubaistoneo. I might beoome bankrupt and get a clerkship afterwards, bat had I the ' heart to begin life again with such a load upon jno ? Wouldn't it' be better for me to end my misery and perplexity by rolling off this slop ing bank into the groat chasm below ? ? ' Then I thought of Mary Jane, and how she would wait and wait, and how gradually, from ? impationoe she would oome to uneasiness, and from unekBines3 ahe would come to terror ; and how she would spend the night in terror, ; and the morning would bring no joy ; and how the whisper would go round the town, ' They've 'found tho body 1' and oh, how hard on ttho poor oreatnro, only six months a wife, and in a way 1 to beoomo a mother I No, I could never be euBh a coward | God knows I couldn't have dune it, but in great trouble strange thoughts aurge in your brain. ? I felt bettor after awhile, and a gentle breeze aprnng up and cooled my burning temples, and I heard the bloating of the lambs, and the bark of the ohepb,erd'B dog, and the call of his master far away on the hill side. At all events I hadn't to pay the sixteen hundred pounds that night ; I would crawl home that night, and perhaps I could think of some, plan for staving off rain to-morrow. Well, I got home, and ; rember that Mary Jane pitched into me awfully because I was an hour late for dinner, and everything was spoilt, sho eaid. I took a couple of glasses of brandy after dinner, and that steadied my nerves, and I could think. I would go up. to-morrow to London and try to compromise with my credi tors. I could, perhaps, by the sale of all I | had, and by borrowing on my life policy, make ?up £500. I Oiiuld offar this, and as it was five hundred times as much as they would have got out of Potts, surely they would take it and cry, quit3? Of course, Mary Jane had heard of Potts' esoape, and sha mada me very eavage by expressing her delight at the event. She I didn't know ho -v nearly it concerned her, poor thing 1 and I didn't tell hor. I only said I had [business in London next day, and asked hor to | pack, my travelling bag. I went up by tbe I night train, and a wretched journey I had. I ' Next morning. I went to tind Mobos and | Mosheim, who had chambers somewhere up a I little court or square oat of Biskopsgate Btreot. ? Mr Mosea wasn't in,' the clerk said. 'Didn't know if Mr. Moaheim were, would take my card and see.'— 'Yes; he was . in, and would soe me bv-and bve.' I sat down and waited in the dingy office, feeling the in dignity of my poaitioa in having to wait et all for Bach a man. Professional pride made: me look upon Mosheim with tho feeling a Brahmin might have for a Pariah. There are lawyers and lawyers, you know. I had graduated with a high- oast e firm. Fudge would never have acknowledged the existence of - such a firm as Moses and Co. Frizzleum, who would some times have to meet such creatures on behalf of some of his great clients' sons or relatives, would treat them with the coldest insolence of which he was capable. There I was, however, a suppliant before these Shy locks 1 Mosheim was a dark, rather gentlemanly man, very neatly dressed. But for his ourly hair and big nose yeu'd havp thought him a Christian. : He pretended to be busy writing when I entered, and looked up, and motioned me with tho butt end of his pen to a chair, bat I walked up to the fireplaoe and stood there. ' Mr Moaheim ?' ' That is my name.' ' Mine is Jfoberts, and I'mUnder-Sheriffof Caorleonahire.' 'Happy to have the opportunity of making tbe aa quaintanoa' of Mr Under- Sheriff,' sail Mes heim, showing his white teeth. , ' I don't oome to make your . acquaintance, Mr Mosheim, but to make some some arrangements with you as to an unfortunate aooident which has happened to ma in my oflioial oapacity.' Moshsim bowed grimly. ' 3f6a are, I believe, acting on behalf of the creditors of Ciptiin Potts?' 'Certain clients of mine have claims against that gentleman. Well?' l Aca.ua. taken out by your firm has been with me for execution.' ? Precisely^' ' Well, Potts haa esoaped.' 'What an exoeosively diaagreeablo incidfent for you!' Again gleamed the white teeth. 'Now what I propose to do is this: I under take to pay you five hundred pounds in a week if yoa will give me a full release.' ' I think, . Mr— Jonea did you say ? that the total of the detainers is rather more than that. Y.-m know the exaot figare perhaps?' 'You know the figure as well as X do, Mr Mosheiai. bix shilling* in the pound, or thereabouts, my ofin would give your 'clients. '. You wouldn't have got. 6d in the pound out of Potts.' 'Yen appeal to know m-sre of Mr Potts than I do. In reply to your proposal we decline it. Your sheriff is good for the whole amount.' 'You abBolately deoune it r ' uecidedly.' 'As I, walked down Bishopagate Street I felt more comfortable. I knew the worst. After all rain is not so bad in reality as it is in autioipa tion. I had plenty of money in my pooket, and it didn't matter now how I spent K I would stay in town (hat night, and go to hear Robaon, who was then in great force : ho might make me forget my troubles. In tho mean time I would go and get a steak at a place I knew in Fleet-street where I aeel to diae when I was serving out my time in London. As I walked through the oity I changed my mind again ; the roar of London troubled me. I would get home as speedily as poaaib'e, home among tho quiet hills and hide my tioablos. Bat as I paused the narrow court in Fleet street, accustomed but long forgotten habit — or was it the hand of Pro.videnoe whioh turned me? — drew me up the oourt and into1 tho well-known precincts of tha ' Stilton.' I went into a box, and ordered a ramp steak and a pint of stoat. You know the old fashioned room, I daresay —its sanded floor and wooden benches, its great fireplaces and immense kettle ? One oidu of the room is divided into boxes. In the cor ner of. the farthest box from the door, where I was invisible, except to a person standing by the fireplaoe, I took my seat, and Bitting thero waiting for my steak, I heard a number of men enter the room. They made inuoh more olat ter and noise than the quiet legal men who formed the rest of the oompany, who talked mysteriously in half whispers an though within the oaored preoinots of the Court of Chancery. The voioes of the newcomers rose in load and cheery tones above all the noises of the chop house. I guessed that the two loadeat talkera were military men, probably returned from India and tho Mutiny War jast ended. The third, who spoke with milder drawl, I judged to bo a Templar. Tho two heroes were asking about lots of friends, but I didn't pay any at tention to their conversation till I heard the name qf Potts. Then indeed I listened with bated breath, every nerve ou tho strttoli. ' Where'a Billy Potta now ? I hear he cams to grief.' 'Qh, Billy's down ia Wales, hard up, as usual. I have just heard from him. ' Such fun 1 The Jews found him ou*. He was at Clan something, a nice little seoluded Welsh town. A ca. sa, waa issued, and poor Billy waa nobbled, and tho bums took him to on hotel. You know what a nimble ? *' Here the waiter aldmmad down my dishes and tankards with a tremendous clattor, drowning tho meliifluouu voice of the Templar. I ground my teeth in despair; 'trapdoor' was tho only word I could oat oh, and the next moment a loud guf faw from the military told me the story was ended, ' Capital ? capital 1 and he's iu the same house still ?' ' Yob ; bat he'll slip away as soon as the coast id clear.' ? Devilis'i good 1 Jove 1 Billy's a match for Mosoah or Taffy.' ' I hal heard enough. I kadiho clao. I re membered tunt there was a trap-door in the room at tho Prince Llewellyn, opening pro bably into a loft. It was too high for any or diaary man to roach without assistance ; Lut, of course, .Potts was in the highoat favor with all the lassies at tho hotel. Nothing would be easier than to open tho trap from abovo and let down a rope or ladder, and he might be there still! I looked at the clock; it was 2 30. I had barely time to catch tho 3 express from Paddington, bat it might be done. I left my Dtoak and stout untasted — unpaid for, had not the .vigilant bead- waiter intercepted me. I. filing down half- a-crown, and wUuout waiting for change bolted into Fleet- street. A hansom waa passing, I jumped in, tolling tho drivwr ho should have a (sovereign if he got me in. time for the trcia. Fortune favored me; fortune, dp I say? Let me humbly and gratefnlly thank a kind Providence for swing me and mine from rain. As w.e reached Paddington station the clock was on the |stroko of throe. One of the big doors had been olummed to. and the porter was closing tho second. With a bowl that frightened the stolid porter I threw myaelf against the closing door. I dashed through tho ticket office on to the . platform. Tne guard had juet blown his whistle, the train was gently awuy. Policeman and porters barred my way in vain. ' Lifo or death !' I hoarsely roared ; graaping a, passing handle I flung myself into a iirat-cluss carriage. The cabman, unpaid, was ruv.ning along tho platform after his. receding faro. I threw him a sovereign, wuichhe cnught, and bis face asaumed a beatific j expresDion, 8a Paddington station passed from my g-ize. By oue o'oiock in the morning I had reacaed Llauywm. , The moon was shining brightly, and Lianytvra was in quiet repose. I stoppod''the''ci»r jtiBt onislde the town, and walked ta the poliue-etatiou. I roused Iiisueo' tor Williams, and asked Lin to send two con stables to watch the Piince Llewellyn, and also. to wake the two bailiffs and set them on guard. I walked to the Prince Llewellyn and took my stand on tho dooratep till my reinforcements should arrive. I had hardly reached the top of the flight of steps when I saw a light ovor the fanlight, and heard the door-chain rattle. Presently the door was opened cautiously, and emerged into the moonlight — Captain Pottg. ' He had clotted the door befarehe saw me, and we stood together ou the topmost step of the high stone flight glaring ai one another. A fight seemed imminent ; we were well matched. I was the taller and heavier, bat Potts wa3 more nimble on h s pins. At ranning. however, I cjuld boat him 'hollow, and Potts Knew it, and know tut r.;f ore that flisht would be useless, unless he could previously disable me. But he was a man of presence of mind, and preferred to negotiate before fighting. ' Look here,' be said rapidly; 'I'm in an aivfal hole! We've alwaya been good friends, aad I don't gee that it can harm you to keep your eyes shut for a minute while I get away.' 'I had taken him by tbe arm as he spoke, aud held him with a grip so firm that he didn't need an answer. He drew himself together for a daub at me, but wailod for an instant 99 I spoke. ' Potta !' I said, 'your escape would be my rain ; and I'll not let yoa go till I'm dead.' Pot's looked at me amazed. ' What are the odds to you, if I get out of the clutchoa of a lot of Jew swindlers?' ? Simply I shall have to pay jour debts-, and be sold up stick and branoti.' ' ' On tout honor, is it so ?' ' On my honor, it is.' ' Eoberts, I had no idea of this. I'll cave in. Don't hold me so tight. I give you my word I'll not bolt.' I took his word, and wa walked up and down the street for half an hour, talking over his affairs. Presently the car arrived, and the bailifld ; and I saw him safely Btarted for the county gaol. Next day I resigned my office. After that I acted aa Potts' solicitor, and had the pleasure of offering Moses and Moeheim sixpence in the pound, which they accepted and released Potts. I don't tbink they lost by him either ; they had plucked him pretty well before. He's ooming down' this week for the fishing ; if you're here, you'll be glad to know him, for you don't often oome across a better fellow or better fisherman than Captain Potts.' 