NOTES ON THE INTERCOLONIAL MATCH. BY A MEMBER OF THE B.C.C. The following well-written notes on the late cricket match appeared in the Ballarat Star of March 15:— I have come to two deliberate and decided conclusions from witnessing this match, and don't intend to more from them unless for strong and special reasons. The first is that there isn't such a very wide difference between good men and duffers in the matter of funking when it comes to the pinch, and the second is that reputation often does a great deal more than bond fide play. Individually, I've taken heart of grace from this display. I innocently thought that shaking of nerves, and fear and trembling at the eight of a crowd, were confined to raw material—colts in fact; but when one sees old and should be seasoned veterans going in pale as ghosts, playing any how, and coming out with infinitesimal scores, even muffs may take courage and duffers rejoice. Never was there an intercolonial match In which so many great guns in the batting department so completely missed fire. Wardill, Kelly, Eggleston, Wills, and notably Goldsmith, all went off with the feeblest pop conceivable. Wills, however, had real hard luck in the second innings, being splendidly taken by a side running catch by Hewitt, off a fine hit—one of the Oldham family of slogs —worth a good four any day of the week. The others were nibbled very soft, and I am firmly convinced that if a strict investigation had been made for Goldsmith's heart, it would have been found somewhere in the region of his boots. I never saw a man in such a helpless state of funk. He seemed to put out his bat, trusting Providence for the ball to hit it, and not it the ball, and the result was a pair of those aids to sight that cricketers most hate. On the Sydney side it was a case of miss fire nearly all round, for, with the exception of Sheridan, Gregory, Coatee, and Park, none of the rest did anything worth mentioning, nor were the last two anything marvellous. Caffyn, Thompson, and Hewitt greatly disappointed the public, the two former especially playing very flukily in the second innings; in fact, had an easy chance given by Caffyn to Allan been taken, the Surrey don would have retired with is modest unit. As it was, lack favoured him a little longer, while Thompson, after playing nervously for a few overs, retired clean bowled for eight, in which was one really fine hit off Sam Cosstick to square leg. I can't say I was overwhelmed with admira- tion at Carter's sixty-three. Apart from his stiff and by no means elegant style, he gave a couple of chances which, had they been taken, would have reduced his score materially; but what I object to most is to see runs got from fluky nicks in the slips off the edge of the bat. To me it looks more like luck than cricket. Still there is no doubt he is a good man, and can play a defensive game of the toughest. He has a good eye, can hit hard, has unlimited - well, I'll say confidence, and if he hasn't style he has got effectiveness, of the two, I think, somewhat the more preferable; while as a field he is A1. As an innings, both for de- fence and hitting, give me Gibson's. The way he walked into Coates was worth looking at, whilst Hewitt's slows got particular pepper in the way slows about to be peppered - all along the ground and good for a fourer if the field let them go by. Sam. Cosstick's twenty-seven were got in Sam.'s own style -- good hard, clean no-mistake-about-it hitting, peculiarly gratify- ing to the public and stirring time for the scorers. Noyes made seven and thirteen, to everybody's (who knows him) astonishment. Well got they were, too, and if only one-half of his exquisitely scientific and elaborate play to leg would come off, a tremendous score would be the result, but unfortunately it doesn't. Sheridan's thirty-seven for New South wales were well-earned, in view of the splen- did bowling he had to face. He was given out "leg before," off a screaming shooter of Tommy's - as fair a case as ever called for any umpire's decision. As I was right in a line with the bowler. I could judge, but, like all men so bad, he must needs protest, and in the grossest bad taste kept his foot down, gesticu- lating vehemently. Of course. all this was intended for the crowd, and it had the desired effect. you should have heard them, but particularly you should have seem them, after the innings closed. They rushed round our eleven, followed them to the tent, groaning, hooting, and calling out in the most insulting manner. I remember " Longstop's" descript- tion of a Sydney crowd, in The Australasian, some two yean or so back, anent the row about Jones and Marshall, and I reoognised it at once as a faithful picture of lots present this time. I got into the very centre of the crowd to see and hear as much as possible, and a dirtier, greasier, or more blackguardly- looking lot than the most of them, especially the young ones, it would be hard to find. Still I must do. the Sydney people justice to say that the major portion of the spectators took no part in this demonstration, whilst a few in the crowd took the umpire's part. Yet it was very disgusting, and I shouldn't wonder if Mr. Smith objects slightly to go to Sydney again. In the bowling department Hewitt and Coates did the trick for Sydney in the first innings. Hewitt's analysis was something wonderful for such a match—46 balls, 6 runs, 3 wickets, not got by flukes either, but honest good bowling. Coates, to my mind, is about the greatest sham I ever saw attempt to trundle in a first-class match, and were it only right hand instead of left, I would book the Buninyong eleven to give it particular beans. Not. very swift, about four balls out of seven off the wicket, no break worth special notice, I confess it was a mystery to me how it took the wickets it did, except upon the reputation theory. If his is intercolonial bowling, I'm half inclined to recommend two official mem- bers of the B.C.C. to offer their services next year, and if they are not accepted, all I can say is, talent won't be appreciated then as it is now. Allan's bowling filled me with astonishment. Tame in every way, without break, pace, get up, or shoot, I could scarcely believe it was the same Allan I had seen in Victoria bowl as no other left- hander bowled before. The only really meritorious thing about it was its per- fect accuracy, always on, but very often over- pitched—the sweetest things in the world for laying into—but the Sydney men, apparently overawed by name and fame, played as cannily at full pitchers (bar Coates) as the best lengthy balls he gave. Kellick got one well up, a ball that should have got a travelling ticket to Jericho, made a great slash at it, and got bowled clean—about the softest thing I have looked at for some time. Tommy Wills also astonished me, but it was the other way. I haven't seen such bowling for many a day. It was simply magnificent. Hereafter I'll pin my faith to Tommy as the best man in the colony at a pinch. The N.S.W. men were completely stuck up; the pitch and pace were capital, for, unlike his usual prac- tice, Tommy dodged very little, but kept fast with a tremendous break nearly all the time. The way he bumped them was "some caution" to nervous batsmen, nearly every ball bail high, or higher (possibly the state of the ground assisted him somewhat); the only shooter he gave the whole time was the one Sheridan got out with. I am fully convinced that if Tommy had not played, N.S.W. would have won the match easily, as Allan was com- pletely collared, and Sam Cosstick wasn't doing anything remarkable, nor wouldn't have done at the rate he was going on. Of the fielding it may be said that the Victorians fielded admirably all round. I never saw less mistakes made, or cleaner picking up and good returns. The Sydney fielding was unequal. Hewitt, Fairweather, Oatley, and Thompson did well, the others were only so-so; Kellick in particular reminding me of some B.C.C. members, who shall be nameless, who, when they have to follow a ball, do so as if they were going for an afternoon's saunter instead of running. The captainship on both sides was first-class, j although I thought Allan should have been taken off a little earlier in for second innings, I never saw a crowd at a cricket match to compare for a moment with the crowd assembled to witness this one, although I have no doubt there here been greater in times past It was immensely amusing to listen to the re- marks upon the game by those near me. They are tremendous partisans—I would almost say bigoted partisans—for their side. Every little hit, even for a solitary run, no matter how made, met with a round of applause, until I grew positively savage at them applaud- ing for absolutely nothing at all. On Friday, when Gregory and Sheridan were in, it was laughable to hear the raptures of the crowd over the smallest trifles. It was a long time before they scored, maiden after maiden following until I suppose ten or twelve overs had been bowled. I heard one elderly gentle- man at this point way, in tones of foe intensest satisfaction, "Five-runs and no wicket down; capital." I plead guilty to bursting out into a loud laugh at this extreme instance of thank- fulness for very smell mercies. . As I expect I have exhausted your space and patience, although I have several more notes, I will close by saying that, as a display of batting, this match seemed to me far in- ferior to last year ; in fact, Robertson's fifty- three, and Nat. Thompson's thirty-five, on the Melbourne ground, were worth the whole lot put together this time. In fielding and bowl- ing I think there was an improvement all round, says Allen's second innings display. I hear Caffyn intends to give up cricket, but whether this is true or not. I don't particularly know. I hope it is not. 