Answer to Electors. Newcastle. — We are sorry we cannot supply you with a candidate. Why not be satisfied with G. A. Lloyd ? Have you asked Sir J. Martin or the Flying Pieman ? Kiama. — We should think that Mr. Henry Parkes has not the g host of a chance in that electorate. It is, moreover, doubtful if he will have the cheek to offer himself personally as a candidate, after the delicious way in which he sold you all. By the way, did you ever see the ghost ? Why not ask the respectable bricklayer to take Parkes' place. Hartley. — We never heard before of your plan for estimating the value of a candidate by his might. You have a rare chance now only it is to be feared that if Mr. Lucas is put into the scales he will be found wanting. Macquarrie. — No ; Will Cummings does not represent " Collective Wisdom " in the Assembly, and he ought not to represent you. Yass. — Da. Buchanan is not, as far as we can learn, any relation to the mighty Sampson of Sacred history, who slew divers Philistines with the jaw bone of an ass ; he is, however, well skilled in the use of that weapon — Yass, that he is. Northumberland. — Its a knotty point whether Tighe will stand for your electorate or not. We hope he will as he is a straightforward sensible fellow. Eden.— We hope this will not prove a Paradise Lost to the Post master-General. He must look to his letters and mind his P's and Q's if he would keep his post. Hawkesbury. — The " learned Pid." is not a trump card. Don't play it. If he promises another flood, don't trust him. The only flood at his disposal will be a flood of tears at his rejection if you are tensible, He's a great talker — a very little doer — and an awful bore. Illawarra. — We have never attempted to measure the impudence of John Stewart. It has taken us all our time to look after his ignorance. West Sydney. — 1. Yes. We believe Geoffrey, alias Betsey Eagar, or Handy Andy, as he is now styled, did, on Tuesday last, shake hands with 999 electors. He regards it as a handy (and cheap) way of currying favor and obtaining votes. 2. No ; he didn't eat roast pig on Sunday, nor did he go down the Parramatta River in a hand some cab with his friend John Davis. Penrith. — No ; Tobias Ryan is not Editor of the Herald. But he's a very good fellow for all that, and not a bad shot when he likes. Re turn him if you please. St. Patricks Plains. — You might do worse than let that cabbage- loving candidate, J. B. Wilson, cabbage your votes. He's a great man, and throws cold water on all measures, his own in cluded. Lachlan. — We are not surprised that the electors of your district cannot swallow Martin. He is, however, not likely to trouble you, as it seems he will solicit the votes of those who know better how to appreciate good stuff. East Sydney. — Yes ; Charlie Cowper is going to stand. The right man in the right place, if he doesn't allow votes to influence him quite so much as in former times. Try him again — put him in flying. 