MISCELLANY. A Bar gain—A barrister's fee. A Crystal Ghost.—A glass shade. A Book all Title Pages.—The Peerage. A Sentence in the Language of Flowebs. —If you wish for "Heart's esse," never 'look to " Marry gold." His Other Name.—"Boy, what Is your name?"Robert, air," "Tea, bnt I mean yoor other name."—" Bob, air." A Common Complaint.—A man in Man cheater baa got eo deep into debt that not one of hie creditors haa been able to aee him for month a. The Fashions.—Lowe dresses are not likely to go out until the present Chancellor of the Ex chequer does. Relations between England and America —Yonr mother-in-law and deeoaaed wife's sister on their way to New York. A Golden T hought.—Children in their cndleaare sometim. a said to be "aa good as gold," bnt Australian diggers generally prefer the gold in their cradles. . Fashionable Habit.—Le Follet announces that "Open bodies are very fashionable." This is a healthy fashion, a' any rate. Heehaw !—That idiot Jones, who always " will bare his jokV terms the panniers in which his children aide on the iamily donkey, the " Wicker of Bray."—"Punch." A betcrned Australian found the baby he left at home a mica iof Ave summers. One day be ofleadedhefr and she fietfully exclaimed, "Iwiahyon bad sever inarried into the family." Mbs. Ramsbotham Junior.—An Eton boy, her nephew, told her that when mythological pagans died they ware turned into stars, aa for example, Orion. " Ah," said lira. Bamsbotham, junior, "it moat have been a great constellation to the survivors." Too Severe !—A contemporary states that a patent has been taken out in America for the manu facture of waterproof paper,and adds, "It will be no mon thing by and by uncommon tiring by ana bye to cany a quart of milk home in a paper bag." It is very odd that the notion of a tenter-proof bag ahoold at once suggest to a Londoner that it will do to carry milk.—" Fun." Re-ASSURING.—Nervous old lady (band in the diatunoe)—"Oh. there are thoee dreadful volun teers, Joseph! I know the horse will take fright! Hadn't you better turn him round !" Coachman (who will have bis own way>—"Oh, let *im alone, 'm; hell turn 'iattlf round, and pretty quick, too, if he's frightened!" Hadn't Time.—An itinerant merchant, meeting one of hie own fraternity the other day, whose pony might be considered a beautiful apeoimen of a skeleton, remonstrated with the owner, and asked him if be ever fed him. " Ever fad him!—that's a good un," was the reply. " He's got a bushel and a half of oats st home now, only he ba'n't got any time to eat Hard to Please.—Grim&ldi; was once hissed at Sadler's Welle, after singing his oelebrated comic song of "Tippitywitchet," and he appealed to the audience. "He had nodd audience. "He had nodded," he said, "frowned, sneered, choked, gnped, cried, grinned, grimaced, and hiccoughed; he had done all that coula be done by brow, chin, aheeks, eyes, note, and mouth, and what more did they want?"—"Why, we want," yawned a languid voioe from the pit, " we want a new feature." The Cattle Plague Bill.—" Do they?" said Mrs. Partington, as she took up a newspaper, and her eye fell on these words. " Well, I don't wander at It, for when I've been luminating in the fields, which Cowper, the rural poet, says are all in verdant plaid, I've had bulls and oows s-fbUowing of me, and there's no denying that them cattle is plague*, especially when out walking, with nursemaid and earned children awareaming in the perambulators, almost dead with fright," The Margate Bathing-woman's Lament. ' ' (*»M« punch j It nearly broke my widowed 'art, When first I tuk the notion, That parties tiidat ha they rued, Take regular to the ooean. The hinfants, darling little soles, Still cum quite frequent, bless *em t But they is only sixpence each, Which hardly psysto diem 'em. The reason struck me all at once, Says J, "It's my opinion, ■ The grown-up folks no longer bathes Because ofthem vile Bhe^niona." The last as eupi.drest in that stylet Says, as the tuk it horf her, " Fm sure I shall not know the way To rearrange my quoffur 1" By whioh the mcnt the *ed of 'air, Which ball it wot they will, sir, Cam doubtless off a oanvlot at MUlbank or Pehtabvillet air. Tlie Parliament ahould pass a law, Which there's suifloient reason, That folks as wear the Bheeoions ahould Bath? reglar In theseaaon. Another Illusion Gone!—It is solemnly announced in the French uapwa, with ev^poetibls detail and proof In,h«^ ft kw «wV.IW. what ladles call their Mir was too often not theirs at all, but bought from tome one Also. But *t lout It ! was hair—and woman's balr, too. Vfe mlghtoven en rich our imagination* with tha thohght, that while we ■ were worshipping one Isdy we were also wing homage | to tome other fair on*, whose we**** *he wore. .No* this laat illusion most fade into nought. Industry, program, civilization advance. A eobetlt ute ha* been found for human hair. Let us sing the praises of . thread; let us sigh overall ben loch*; Jet us dream or the braided plaits of goat*' down. To real human < hali—farewelL. In tbemidit of cur disappointment v let u* note a consolatory detail; the substitute^ for hair la dheap. A chignon of thread can be had for: flfteenpenoe.. The goat*' hair and the silk one* are a litt)e dearer—not very much.—" Daily New*." Ingenious Swindle.—A German jonrwi. "Die Tribune," relate* that M. Meade, a banker of | Leipzick, received a few days back a regietered letter' from the houee of Bacbette and Masson, of Paris, for whom be had for some time past acted a* agent in Saxony, announcing that their cashier had absconded with securities rained at 200,0001 The writers added that the delinquent wasknown to have taken refuge at the H6tel de Praise, in Leipzick, and enjoined H. Mende to endeavour to reoorer the paper* without too much scandal; that in case of a voluntary restitution they had compassion on the wife and children whom. J the culprit had left behind, and were therefore willing | to advance him a sum of 20,000f. on condition he would take himself off to America.. M. Monde, thus instructed, went to breakfast at the table dhdte of the Btitel de Prusse, and observing a gentleman whose ap peaxstaoe corresponded with the deeeription sent, lost no time in making bis acquaintance. A sort of in timacy being soon established, the stranger asked M. Hende for the address of any banker that would dis- 1 oount some bills for him. " I am a banker, air, and . will do it mytell" said the other. The parties then ' proceeded to the office of the latter, when M. Hende' locked the door and said to the stranger: "Ton area rogue. You have stolen three securities from the . house of Hachette and Hasson. Your chiefs are, how ever, generous men. Ere tore all the papers, and they have commissioned me to hand you 20,0001 to enable you 1o 11; to America. Here they are—go and get . yourself hanged elsewhere." The conditions were, of. | course, aooepted, and the other left the room ap parently in great emotion. On M. Hende informing the Paris firm of what had transpired, he learned to his great annoyance that he had been played on by •ome artful bwindier*, aa Hachette and Hasaonhadnot loet any money, and had never sent him any telegram on the subject. Queen Victoria and the Indian Princess. —In hisspeeoh at the recent Cobden Club dinner, the Duke of Argyll told an interesting anecdote of Her Majesty:—"Only during the last week," he said, "I had occasion to observe a signal instance of thi*. In sending to Her Majesty some official despatches from India, I had to enclose an aooount of the death of a very remarkable person in that part of Her Majesty's dominions. The Begum of Bbopal, whoee death bias lately occurred in India, was a Princess who ruled over a native state which has been officially reported to be one of the best governed of al the native states of that oountry. During her reign she abolished many evils; the reduced taxation; she introduced improvements in every respect throughout her dominions, and she con tributed to and established during many years the hap piness of her people. On her death-bed this Prinoess sent for the British Resident at her court, and told him that the Star of India, bestowed on her by the Queen soon after the great mutiny (in which she rendered great service to our Government), was a thing she valued more than millions of treasure. When the papers went before the Queen last week Her Majesty's attention was immediately directed to that touching the death of the Princess, and two days ago she wrote a letter with her own hand commanding me to com municate to the prinoess who succeeds to the throneu her deep oondolenoe on the death of her mother, and her earnest hope that her reign would be as distin- ! guished as ben. These expressions of personal interest and affection from the Queen of England are of im mense value to that country, and 1 mention the cir cumstance as a proof of the Queen's desire to bring her persona] influence to bear wherever she thinks it will be of the slightest help to her people." A French Doctor and hib Patient.—Dr. Parrot, celebrated as a ladies' doctor, died lately in Paris. The "Gaulois" asserts that so great was his reputation, that ladies of high rank used to consult him masked. At Ktretat, whither he was summoned for a consultation, he was beset by a little old man, tire type of amaladeiiuaginaire, who offered him a fabulous sum if he would live with bitn as his private physician. Dr. Favrot peremptorily refused the offer, bet the little old man expressed such unfeigned despair et the pros pect of being separated from him, that the doctor permitted him to follow him, about in the capacity of courier. Thus, wherever Dr. Favrot went he appealed to "Jacques" to know if he had telegraphed far rooms at hotels, whether dinner had been duly ordered, dm: in reply to which the Utile eld man invariably pleaded the state of his health in excuse for the omission of his self-imposed duties. "Ah, you remember, Jacques, our agreement: each time you speak of your health, one guinea! No use talking to me about your will. Dr. Declat loet the fortune the Duke de Gremmont Caderousee left to him, bequests from the sick to their physicians being illegal in Franoe." The tittle old men instantly and invariably took out a guinea, in spite of which the doctor retorted to every possible strata gem to get rid of him. Onoe, whilst travelling, he met two of his colleagues; to them he related his misfortune, end induced them to assist him in his dilemma Accordingly, Dr. Favrot summoned them to consultation on his patient. They were unanimous, in pronouncing his health' perfect, and Congratulated . him on there being no farther necessity for the con tinuance of hie erratic life in company with Dr. Favrot.- The little old man handed his nbw advisers their fees, snd bowed them put hie room. The doctor, having on the previous evening taken leave of his patient, stole on foot from the hotel at an unearthly hour, in order to start by the earlieet train. On the steps of the railway terminus sat, awaiting his arrival, the little old man. " Ah, you thought to escape me ; but here I am, aa ill as ever, end I have taken my ticket to acoompany you." 