THE COMIC HISTORY OF AUSTRALIA. By Punch's Patent Historian. With Illustrations by Walker Chalks, R.A. Chapter IV. ; What took place after Cook took possession, with other incidents well worth Pey rouse-al. Now take the opportunity of saying "Aha !" This interjection represents the sigh of relief (which was of considerable sighs), drawn mildly by me when the last chapter was finished. I was glad, because that finis ended Cook's connection with this veracious history. The fact is, cook: has been ratner a bore. tie nas not been so pliable a subject as one could wish. The most has been made of his cocked hat and pigtail, which were undoubtedly comic, but his other qualities have not been so funny as readers of this work had a right to expect. I therefore leave Cook, merely stating that he was ultimately cooked by the natives of Tahiti (who had sworn "Ta eat he "), and who cracked his scull with a back-handed blow, which has since come very much into fashion amongst ruffians, and is from its origin usually known as a "cooker." I also wish to add that some Australian patriots are erecting Cook's effigy in Hyde Park, where a couple of granite blocks and a wooden scaffold are at present the only indications that the gallant captain is to be turned into a stony statue.' For some time after the British flag was planted on the shores of Botany Bay, the British people were in a state of quiescence. Flags were not planted every day (except by paviours, who were paid for doing it), and the planters "were fatigued with the operation. But they roused up at last. The European world tottered to its basis ; England tottered to her basest — that is, she didn't know what was to he done with her convicts. America had seceded (—Virginia found that transports paulod upon her senses, and that there were too many felonious names upon her census. The triumph of mind over matter, as evinced in the celebrated dispute upon the tea and slavery questions, had separated the American colonies from their British parent, and made the impossibility of sending any more yellow jackets to Virginia quite ap parent. What did Britain do ? In this strait (I mean, of course, St. George's Channel) she turned to Australia. She once more asked herself the question, " What are we to do with our convicts ?" and Captain Cook (hang the fellow— he will turn up .again whether we like it or not) immediately replied, " Send em out to Botany " A stony statue." Under these circumstances, and in view of the slow degrees by which Cook's memory has been honored, might not Cook's ghost say to Australia, " I'm a-stoni-sht-at-you ?" Bay." The suggestion was considered feasible. Botany Bay was a long way off ; — no one knew anything about it ; — the voyage there would be very tedious ; — the colonization of the place would be frightfully expen- sive ; — the convicts sent there would be brought into immediate contact with nature, and would probably cut each other's throats, as well as the throats of the free colonists, in the very shortest possible space of time. Under these circumstances the British Government determined to send out a batch of felons and a lot of free-men, to found a colony on these shores. The expedition, consisting of six or seven ships, full of yellow- jackets, soldiers, officers, men, women, and children, was under the command of Captain Arthur Phillip. This distinguished naval officer was a sort of Eng lish Dutchman, and was usually known as " Half and half." He was born among the pot-bellied Hollanders ; he was reared on the soil of England ; and he took to the sea with all the passionate ardour of a young fellow who had a genteel hatred of work, and who fancied himself destined for marine greatness. The only grounds for the fancy were coffee grounds — one of Arthur's lady friends having seen his fate figured at the bottom of a tea-cup, and having subsequently implored him to teak-up a sailor's life. Phillip of course distinguished himself at sea. He was always ready for his meals ; was never drunk when there was no grog on board ; was the last man to leave his bunk, and the first to go below. At reeving the rudder chains, ortakinga small pull upon the spritsail yard, he was unequalled ; and there wasn't a man in the service who was better at a reckoning when the balance was in his own favour. He served in several engagements — one with Miss Aurelia Scrogg, which terminated abruptly in consequence of his asserting that the lady wore false hair ; another with a lawyer in Lin- coln's Inn, from whom I regret to say he bolted ; and another in the cook's galley, where he had a set-to with the boatswain's mate, and first made the acquaintance of the ship's eat. Although there is no direct record of his having been very seriously wounded, still as he appears to have had many stitches in the side, we may conclude that he was sewed up more than once. He was a good sailor, was often more than half seas over, and was in every way worthy of the confidence of the British nation. In the year 1788, the little fleet, under the leader-ship of Captain Arthur Phillip (who, of course, was in the leader ship), sighted the shores of Aus- tralia. The convicts were in good spirits — in fact they came out in tran sports ; and though some people insist that they were very melancholy at leaving the land of their fathers, still there is evidence that some of them were transported with joy. They entered Botany Bay, and dropped anchor. There is a controversy -as to where this was done. History says — " The ships were moored in a "bight of the bay." Now it seems to me the bite must have been somewhat about the month. I am not, however, sure upon the point. There is every reason to believe that the mouth of a bay was the farthest point from its head. That being so, may not the bite have been a long distance from the mouth ? The anchors having been dropped at the end of a long rope so that the sailors would know where to find them again when they were wanted, several fellows went ashore to look at the country. They didn't like it. There was no place upon which they could settle without the chance of being themselves settled by fevers and agues. They searched and searched, but they found nothing but swamps and sand and poor blacks ; but at last, driven to despair (luckily with a return ticket) — they camped down upon a nice cool damp piece of land where there were lots of blue mould and a fine water supply. Here Phillip's Town was built. The style of architecture was exceeding plain. The order was eccentro-rustic- aboriginal. The building materials were mud, bark, and green leaves. I leave further explanations to the artist. The colonists soon became dissatisfied with their abodes. A few, how ever, had been established permanently in long homes (six feet by three) close by. Half the settlers were laid by the heels with rheumatism and fevers ; the other half were waiting to be healed. Captain Arthur Phillip saw that this sort of thing wouldn't do at all, so he resolved to seek out a new location. He took a couple of boats, filled them with sailors and food, went out to sea, and saw Port Jackson. This was a lucky find, and Captain Arthur Phillip shook hands with himself several times, on account of his cleverness in making it. Perhaps " the teeth of the pale " which the fleet went into more than once may have had something to do with this bight? — Author's note. (To be continued.) the grounds on which Phillip went to sea. a nice high-dear. the ship's cat— (sketched by one wo has ketched it often.) CONVICT TRANSPORTS. AN AUSTRALIAN HUT. 