THE YELLOW FLAG; Ok, HOW'S YOUR PRECIOUS HEALTH? A Tremendous Tale by a Tremendous Author. This is a tale of horror. This is a doleful tragedy. This is a narra tive which will probably freeze your blood, chill the marrow in your bones, raise your hair on end, and awaken within your bosom all sorts of fearful feelings. You'll find this a delightfully sensational story. If you read it earnestly, it will give you a capital night-mare ; and if you'll only put this present number of Punch under your pillow, you 11 very probably see the most varied and authentic collec tion of ghosts that have ever risen before the eyes of fancy, or played Bogie with the imaginations of slumbering innocence ! Ha ! ha ! ! ha ! ! ! You observed that laugh ? It was as you perceive a laugh of three syllables, and therefore in perfect keeping with the horrors which are about to be disclosed. It is the customary trisyllabic cachinnation with which stage villains accompany threats of per sonal violence towards the persecuted heroine of melodrama. Prepare then for something startling — strain your nerves to the highest tension — restrain the throbbing impetuosity of your pulse — and above all things keep your hat on. Now then. She was the only daughter of her father — the sole remaining prop of her maternal parent. She had no nonsense about her. Her beauty was great, her powers of mind greater, and her crinoline greatest. When she walked, young men were enraptured at her feat. When she stood still, no belle within a thousand miles of her had any locus standi. The brilliancy of her eyes was equal to several dozen of diamonds, an aurora borealis, and the magnesian light com bined. Her nose was the delicatest, darlingest nose that was ever turned up with red. Her lips were the color of a postman's coat, and her mouth would have made a splendid model for any artist who was engaged in designing an augur-hole. She was well-armed, and her hands were admirably adapted for striking the lyre, or any other person who offended her. When she sang, the little fishes popped up their heads to listen ; when she spoke, people forgot all about her warbling, and told her to " speak on for ever thus and when she sat silent, Society knelt before her and adored de seat. She was a nice young woman for a small tea-party. But what was she doing on board the Kaikoura, at that early hour of the morning ? How was it that all the coercion of parental control, coupled with her own natural individuality of character, had not restrained that impulsive girl from committing herself ? The question is one which admits of an immense number of surmises, and as every one of them will no doubt be wrong, they need not now be enumerated. At all events, she was there, and . But who was she ? Ah, that's another tremendous question which goes quite to the root of the whole mystery, and sends a thrill of agitation through our frame. Who was she ? A woman, of course ; there was no doubt of that. The fact was proved by her back hair, her length of tongue, her fondness for blue bonnets, and her rapturous admiration of a pair of whiskers, which energy and perseverance in the use of cosmetics had implanted on the jaws of Gustavus Adolphus Fitzfugle Smugg. He loved her to distraction. He had followed her across the briny ocean, and had kept on holding out his hand with his heart in it, every day for twelve years. He had seen her come on board the Kaikoura, had followed her, and oh, exquisite bliss ! had the felicity of being placed in quarantine with her. This created a bond of union between them ; and from the moment the yellow flag was hoisted, Gustavus Adolphus Fitzfugle Smugg began to hope. What he hoped we know not. Some say he hoped to get out of quarantine ; but we repel that insinuation as altogether base and unworthy of a British sailor. It would be difficult to say what he hoped. He didn't know himself, and how then can we analyse feelings and sentiments which might well puzzle the Socratic philosopher, and bring a blush to the cheek of injured innocence ? But there was no doubt that yellow flag had an effect upon his mind. It played the very devil with his nerves, and his temper, and his digestion. It waved through his dreams, haunted him night and day, and made him wish himself a paving-stone, or a shark, or an eagle, or a Gov ernment officer, or something equally absurd. He tried to haul it down, but was told that if he did so, it would be haul up with him self. He felt there was something demoniac about that flag, and in the sickness of his heart (the primary cause of which, perhaps, was tobacco), he said, "What a bore ! " She — the girl he adored — the sylph he idolised — the syren he wooed — the young woman he kept company with — she was by his side in a moment. She raised his drooping head, and polished his pale brow with sulphuric acid and a chamois leather, until he gave a sigh, whereupon she gave an aside, and said in tender tones, "He speaks ! " " Again we are blighted !" sobbed the wayward youth, looking up into the lucid eyes so tearfully bent upon his face. " Will you be kind enough to fumigate me for transmission to the Colonial Treasurer by the next post ?" " With pleasure," said the noble girl, tearing a couple of flounces off her dress, and burning them under her lover's nose. He coughed, sneezed, expectorated, and sat up. " Now I 'm ready," he said, as he returned her fond embrace, and drew a couple of revolvers and a double-barrelled rifle from his breast pocket. ' ' My darling Thing-a-my, it is high time we began to think about doing something. " " Precisely so," whispered the fair one. " Steal me the key of the captain's cabin at once !" said the youth. " What ?" shrieked the maiden, hopping over the binnacle in her agitation. ' ' Gustavus, what are you going to do ? Don't — don't — risk your precious life " ' ' Girl, be silent ! This is no time for feminine exclamations ; and I beg that you '11 not let down your back hair just yet. You see that flag ?" cried he, pointing to the jaundiced rag that still floated in the air above their heads. " I do — I do !" she sobbed, rocking herself to and fro in agony. "We must have it down ! D 'ye hear — down ; And there is but one way of getting it down." " And that is ?" " By washing all the linen on board this ship." She snapped at the notion. She promised to aid in the great work, and together they set forth to do it. The captain was seized and bound. He objected to having his linen washed. Such a liberty had never been taken with any shirt of his before, he said ; they should rue their conduct. Thus he continued to clamour, until the lovely maiden seized a carving-knife and spitted him like a lark. The remaining persons on board the ship were seized and overpowered — although some resisted so disgracefully that Gustavus was compelled to kill them and throw them overboard — and at last our hero's triumph was complete. He secured the ship's linen, and with it and his lovely bride repaired to the shore. There, in a secluded nook, they did the requisite washing ; and Gustavus had the pleasure of seeing the yellow flag lowered ! There was a wedding-party yesterday- a regular grand turn out. The bride was a strong-minded female, with no nonsense about her. The bridegroom signed his name with the point of a bowie-knife dipped in blood ; and it was Gustavus Adolphus Fitzfugle Smugg. » 