OPENING OF THE SYNOD OF CATHOLIC BISHOPS. One of the most imposing ceremonies in connection with the Cathuiio Church that has ever beeu witnessed in Melbouroe, or probably in any of the Australian colonies, took place on 18th ult., in St. Patrick's Cathedral. The opening of tlie Provincial Council of the Australian Catholic Hierarchy was ceiebrsied with much solemnity and magnificence o' religious ceremonial. As it is generally about once in a generation that such an event lakes place, peculiar interest attached to it, aud members of other religious denominations us well as those of the Catholic Church looked forward with pleasure to btiug profit at the proceedings. The pieseut synod nua been convoked by bis Gracv t'.io Archbishop of Sydney, Primate of Australia, to whom alone it belongs to (summon auch assemblages in, i-jese colonies. The questions to bo deu.lt with !i tv the synod daring it® session will t in brace mixed marriages, education, church discipline, aud similar matters appertaining to ecclesiastical government. The conncil will consist of two serious, tbe first of which was inaugurated on Sunday, and tbe second opening on the 22nd inst., with solemn requiem high mass and office for the repose of the souls of the bishops and clergy who have died since the last synod was held. The council will sit privately in the Bishop's Palace, East Melbourne, every day during the present W6ek; and will bring its deliberations to a close on Sunday next by a public ceremonial similar to that which took place on Sunday. Probably the result of the conference will be a joint pastoral from the prelates assembled to the clergy and laity of the Australian dioceses. Having thus explained briefly the nature of the assemblage and its peculiar functions, we procced to describe the ceremonies which were performed on Sunday by way of inauguration, and to implore the Divine blessing on its deliberations. Admission to the cathedral was bp ticket, the chnrch being divided into three portions for the reception of persons according to tbe price of the ticket procured. The entire nave contained the first seats, the eastern aisle the second, and the western aisle the third. The ceremonics of the day were announced to commence at ten a.m., but from as early as eight o'clock the precincts of the church and its immediate vicinity was crowded by persons awaiting the opening of the doors. About halfpast nine o'clock admission was accorded, and the crash then experienced was something unpleasant to many. The benches immediately in front of the high altar and in tbe vicinity of the pulpit were quickly occupied, and in less than half an hour sitting accommodation was quite out of the question for those who came in, although as ample provision aw was practicable had been made for seating the congregntiou. The members of St. Fraticis Bern-tit, Society, wearing the blue sash of l.im order, acted us stewards, aud procured seats for ladies when it w;;s possible to do so. A ti-.ii5jjor.iry platform rlsi:-g iu tiers had been erected at the. south end of the cathedral for the members of the choir, who numbered about sixty vocal aud instrumental performers, including a band, the whole being under tbe able leadership of Mr G-. R. G. Prlngie. Soon after ten o'clock the bishops and clergy having vested in tbe private chapel of the Bishop of Melbourne attached Jo the episcopal residence, a procession moved from the chapel referred to in the following order:—Tuurifer with Thurible, cross-bearer supported by an acolyte on either side, about twenty youths in surplices aud red cassocks, clergy from the various dioceses, seven suffragan bishops attired in cope and mitre, and the Archbishop of Sydney, attended by his chaplains, and followed by two youtliB bearing his train. The procession having moved through the grounds attached to the bishop's residence, entered the cathedral by the principal door, and moved up the centro of the nave to within the chancel, where tbe bishops and clergy took up seats prepared for them. Immediately on the procession entering the church, the choir buret forth its sacred music with an effect which was exceedingly fine. Each bishop had his own chaplain in attendance on him within the sanctuary. Grand pontifical high mass of the Holy Ghost was then commenced, the Archbishop of Sydney officiating as celebrant, the Rev. G. V. Barry as deacon, and the Rev. J. F. Corbett as subdeitcon. The Very Rev. Dr. Sbeehy, of Sydney, HCt< d as assistant priest, Archdeacon Rigney and Dean Moore as deacons at the throne, and the Rev. Messrs Corletti and O'Sullivan as masters of ceremonics. Mass having concluded, the procession reformed in the order as before, and passed down tbe nave of the church and round. the exterior, singing the hymn " Ave Maris stelia," and the Psalms, "Exultate Deo " "Fundamenta ejus," "Quam dilecta," " Eccc quam bonum," " Exandi nos Domine," " Exurgat Deus." Having returned to tbe chancel, and concluded the chanting of the Psalms, the Archbishop offered up prayer. After the singing of BOihe other psalms and hymns and the offering up ef further prayers, the decrees to be observed during the synod were read. All the bishops then kneeling around the altar, recited aloud the profession of faith of Pius IV., and each prelate in his turn solemnly swore to profess that faith till death, and as far as in him lay to preserve it inviolable amongst those over whom he was placed in pastoral charge. The indictionor proclamation of the second session of the synod was then made by the Archbishop's secretary, and after Dr. Pulding had imparted the benedict.oil the ecclesiastics left the church in procession as they b"' 1 entered it, and the proceedings closed at about half-pant one o'clock. In the evening, pontifical vespers were sung, all the bishops and clergy again assembling. The Very Rev. Dr. Backhaus, of Saudhurst, presided at tbe organ. At the conclusion of vespers, the Bishop of delaide ascended the pulpit and preached a well digested and eloquent sermon from St. John, 10th chapter, I6th verse, " And other sheep I bave that are not of this fold; these aho I must gather together, and there shall be onefold and one shepnerd." The cathedral was a« full in the evening as iu the forenoon, the passages being completely blocked up with persons unable to obtain seats. Benediction concluded the services of the day, and tbe opening of the council was completed. 