SYDNEY GOSSIP. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] January 27. THE defeat of Mr. Martin's vote of censure by the largest Government majority that the well-badgered ministry have been able to secure this session, has placed the latter in a position to, at any rato, report progress in financials. The supplementary estimates have passed, and tho estimates in chief are not likely now to give much further trouble, for there is no doubt that any more displays of factiousness on the part of the Opposition will tend to a still larger majority on the Government side, especially as tho Ministry state their intention of losing no time in maturing their plans, and calling the House together at the very earliest possible date most likely in June. The business of the Session is now therefore virtually over, and prorogation may bo looked for in about another fortnight, unless, as is by the way fully expected, there is a " jolly row " over the Macleay Report which is, I believe, to be tabled this (Tuesday afternoon.) The various items of the Estimates have, it is almost unnecessary to say, furnished abun- dant seed for the Parliamentary " daws " to peck at, and particularly for those most prominent " nibblers," Messrs. De Salis, Driver, Lucas, Burns and, though last not least, John Stewart, who especially dis- tinguished himself by objecting to everything on principle. This gentleman, I should imagine, has been studying Molière's amusing comedy of Les Fourberies de Scapin and bases his Parliamentary conduct on that of the hero. Dignam has returned to his Legis- lational duties, but sits quite melancholy and mum- chance, evidently feeling himself quite eclipsed by the buffooneries of this now candidate for Dr. Lang's suggested Parlia- mentary " cap and bells." By- the-way the rev. warrior thought this such a capital joke, that, on the principle that " it is impossi- ble to have too much of a good thing," he introduced it de novo on the same evening, and was rewarded by its going off as flatly as colonial champagne or a vice-regal speech. To return to our muttons—or rather Mr. John Stewart. Among his long list of " not wanteds " were all the officers of the Legisla- tive Council, policemen, volunteers, (espe- cially the Scotch Brigade), and funerals ; The hero of Illawarra did not, however, con- fine himself to the exercise of his " objective faculty" (an expression I owe to the Hon. Solicitor-General, who used it at a later stage of the debate as something than Mr. Penning- ton was very much in need of.) No ! true to the position he aspires to fill, he tortured the House with excruciating puns, of which I have great pleasure in inflicting on you the most appalling. Mr. Lackey having quietly affirmed that he considered the Hon. T. A. Mowbray was fully worthy of all his. " salt,'' the facetious John retorted : " the fact was the hon. gentleman (Mr. Lackey) had been made a lackey of." The immense time and thought necessarily bestowed in arriving at such a strikingly original bon mot, was re- compensed amply by the " laughter of the whole house," with the exception probably, " of Dr. Lang, Dignam, and the mover—of the joke ! Mr. De Salis was very fidgetty all the even- ing, but had no opportunity of fairly " going in," until a discussion arose about the salary of Mr. Alexander Oliver, late Parliamentary Draftsman, and now Examiner of Titles pro tem. The oracle of Queanbeyan pronounced this gentleman " utterly unlit and incapable " for the office, and accused him of prolixity and " bad grammar." This is rather strong language to apply to a gentleman who was pronounced by, the late Dr. Woolley to be the most accomplished student of the Sydney University—who is a graduate of the University of Oxford, and an English bar- rister—and who is known to be a man of high classical attainments and varied culture, and the compiler and editor of a recomised law book in this country. Mr. Oliver may, or may not, be a first-class Examiner of Titles, but it is highly improbable that he is " queer in his Lindley Murray." " Prolixity, too !" The idea of De Saliis objecting to that, naturally suggests the " pot and the kettle " singing out against each other. Mr. Isaacs has been more composed lately, and has wielded neither shield, sword, nor spear, offensively or defensively. He suf- fered, certainly, from a slight eruption of eccentricity during the Beeney and Jones debate. Mr. Forster having implied that if Mr. Isaacs imagined that the expression of his (Mr. Isaacs's) features bore the slightest resemblance to the smile of a human being, he was labouring under a melancholy hal- lucination. The ex-Minister took up arms in defence of his personal appearance, said if he wasn't as good-looking as he used to be it was through enjoying very bad health at present, and offered to produce a medical certificate to prove that " By Heaven ! he was not mad." He continued the old strain of vituperation, until called to "order" by Mr. Robertson, and, happily for himself and the senate, has remained in that edifying condition ever since. I can find, or recollect, no further Parliamentary " jottings " worthy of record, except the usual squabble between Dr. Lang and Mr. John Stewart, which was do same old tune ober again," sugar being the exciting cause of bitterness on this occa- sion. They also had a little " rowing match " about a gratuity to a decayed boatman, but after a gentle squall," it was abruptly put an end to. One of the most unmistakeable ornaments of the Lower House has boon removed. Do not be alarmed ; Parkes has not " given up the Ghost "—nor has Dignam manifested any intention of earning public gratitude and immortality by means of suicide—nor has John Stewart accepted an engagement as principal low comedian at the Prince of Wales Theatre—nor has Hurley been struck speechless and compelled to retire. But one of the few gentlemen of the Assembly (and the most House-of-Commons-looking swell in it) has left it. His departure will not affect parties, and will in no way occasion votes of want of confidence. And yet he was of move value to our parliamentary life than many pretentious humbugs who are supposed, by some extravagant fiction, to be his superiors. In plain language, Mr. Tompson, the Chief Cleric of the Assemble, has retired upou his superannuation allowance, and leaves the scene of his labours for many years with the affectionate admiration of his juniors, the respect and attachment of many friends in high public station, and the regrets of all. A very kindly notice of his farewell to the department appears in Tuesday's Herald. May he long be spared to enjoy his well earned otium cum dignitate. You, of course, saw the announcement of the death, en voyage, of that splendid basso Signor De Antoni, formery of the Italian Opera Company, but who left them to accom- pany the Lyster troupe to California. His disease was rheumatism at the heart. His death will be a severe blow to Lyster, who relied, and justly, on him as one of his prin- cipal attractions. It is said that the "great Impresario's " prospects do not look particu- larly bright among the San Franciscans, and that before many months are over we shall have him back here ; It was reported also that Messrs. Beaumont and Sutcliffe had both died of yellow fever immediately after landing, but this I am glad to say is authen- tically proved to be a totally groundless canard. You have had a nice little meteorological flutter in your township, but I am glad to find the Advertiser did not suffer from the prevailing epidemic, nor had cause to shed a tear, except, perhaps, over a torn-down shed. Until I read the particulars, I imagined all sorts of horrors—the office in ruins—the editor in despair—the printers knocked into " pie "—and, possibly, au pis aller, a whole issue hopelessly any amount of " sheets in the wind." We, in Sydney, however, almost envied your rainfall, for we are getting frightfully dried-up here, teetotallers in par- ticular looking woefully despondent. We had a storm the other day; " loud rolled the rattling thunder," but the rain didn't a " deluge shower," and the few drops that reached mother earth were little better than " mirage " to the parched-up traveller in the desert. The Botany Reserve looks as if it Would not much longer he able to liquidate the claims upon it, but rapidly sink into insolvency, and there is every likelihood that the pure element will shortly be, as Dr. Badham's free pupils would say, non comat- tibus in swampun. The daily supply is al- ready curtailed by the authorities, and unless we learn to drink sea-water, we shall be literally forced to " dry up," in more senses than one. All honour and recompense to the worthy individual who shall first devise some well- developed and effectual scheme for relieving us from these annually recurring dam annoyances ! Wednesday morning. The Draft Report of the Treason Com- mittee was not brought forward, after all, yesterday, the typographical work not being finished in time. This afternoon, the con- summation so devoutly to he wished is likely to be realised. There is also another draft report, which was proposed as an amend- ment to the other, by the Opposition side of the Committee, but was rejected by the casting vote of chairman Macleay. I have had the pleasure of seeing the document in question, and as it will undoubtedly he pro- duced during the debate, I strongly recom- mend its perusal to your readers, as a highly edifying production, and calculated to evoke even one more phase of astonishment out of the now almost threadbare Mystery of Kiama. The Panama steamer has just arrived, but not having transhipped her mails yet, there is no news to communicate. 