NORTHERN ARGUS FRIDAY, APRIL 23,1869. We are compelled to hold over our usual leading article through press of local matter. An accident of a very serious nature occurred on Monday last neat Donnybrook. It appears that Mr. and Mrs. Chapman, of Spring Farm, were proceeding from their residence to Clare, when on getting into the cutting a little to the south of Donnybrook they saw two horsemen riding furiously towards them, one of whom came in contact with the cart, breaking the shafts, and knocking both horses down. For- tunately, however, the occupants of the vehicle were not thrown out, and consequently sus- tained no injury beyond the fright and a severe shaking. The rider of the horse was thrown violently to the ground, where he lay in a state of insensibility for a few moments; the horse died shortly after the accident. The Clare Wesleyan Anniversary took place on Sunday, the 18th inst., when three excellent sermons were preached by the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, the newly- appointed minister, to a large congregation. A collection was made made after each service, in aid of the Trusts Fund. On Monday a public tea was given in the Town Hall, which was numerously at- tended, and all appeered to enjoy themselves very much. After tea a public meeting was held in the chapel, when addresses were ably delivered by the following gentlemen:-Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, Mr. Thos. Moyses, Mr. Kelly (from Armagh), Mr. H. Treloar (from BIyth's Plains), and Mr. Roscrow. Mr. Thos. Moyses read the treasurer's financial report, which was as follows:-Receipts, £100 13s 7d; expendi- ture, £50 15s: balance, £49 18s 7d. The present debt on the chapel is £750. The pro- ceeds of the two days, between the tea, sub- scriptions, and collections, amounted to £72 15s 3d, which with the balance on hand added amounts to £122 13s 10d. The proceedings were enlivened by the choir singing several beautiful pieces and anthems at intervals during the evening. Votes of thanks to the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith and the choir brought to a close a very interesting and successful meeting. The Daniel Family will give their popular musical and literary entertainments at the Town Hall, Clare, on Monday and Tuesday next, as announced in our business columns. A correspondent of the " Hamilton Spec- tator" writing from Heywood on the 28th ult., says;-"A wheelwright named Frederick Slater, having quarreled with his wife, pursued her up the street in the direction of the Police Station, and, overtaking her, commenced beating her in a savage manner with a shovel. He struck the unfortunate woman three times, and so violent were the blows that with the last one the shovel was broken in two places. Constable Reilly, who happened to be near, grappled with the furious man and prevented him doing further mischief, although at the time Reilly believed the woman to be dead. Dr. Brewer, of Portland, dressed the poor creature's wounds, and she still lies in a precarious state. Slater was taken to Portland on Sunday after noon, and on being brought before the Bench was remanded for seven days." There are two or three main rules for wheat sowing, which no one now a-days thinks of dis- puting. Give the land as much summer fallow- ing as possible, thus obtaining the stale furrow we advised a week or two since. Choose the best seed and insist on its being hand-thrashed, not grudging an extra shilling or so per bushel for that which suits you. Plough but once for wheat; a loose seed bed allows too great a licence to grubs and insects, and the roots are too much exposed to the attack of worms, &c.; Sow early, and as the roots of wheat penetrate deeper than those of oats or barley, a summer's drought is not nearly so severe upon it; if sown thinner than is usually the case, the individual plants are stronger, a better current of air is permitted through them, and there is less lia- bility to the attack of rust. Mr. Mechi recom- mends a bushel an acre-he dibbles wide, and uses the horse-hoe between the rows freely in the spring ; if this horse-hoeing and loosening the surface be necessary in England, it is doubly so here, but our farmers never do it, al- though our gardeners look upon it as one of their principal spring occupations. .To answer the question opening these remarks, we think the purple straw and white Tuscan the best sorts as yielders or miller's wheats.-The "Economist." The "Wallaroo Times" has the following mining intelligence :-The Poona Mine is look- ing much better then it was. Some good stones of ore are being raised at the 20 fathom level of No. 2 shaft, and a nice pile of ore will be ready to be sent off next week. There is some nice ore at No. 1 shaft, and the opinion of the Captain is that at a greater depth, valuable results may be expected.-At the Hamley Mine there is at the present time very little doing. The men are at work on what looks like a strong lode, but it is not supposed to be a continuation of Hancock's lode on the Moonta property.-The Wheal Hughes ccmoany continues to raise ore of an excellent quality at Cowling's shaft. A shaft is being sunk in a continuation of Hancock's lode from the Moonta, it is found to be four feet big, composed of iron, quartz, and steatite. The Watervale Young Mens' Mutual Im- provemen Society's entertainment came off on Wednesday in Mr. Cole's schoolroom, Water- vale ; the room was by far too small to contain the large number of persons assembled. The doors were opened at half-past seven p.m., when a general rush took place, and in a very short time all the seats were occupied. Fresh seats were brought in, and by dint of cramming and squeezing, a few more managed to get in. A large number of persons were still outside, and there they had to remain, and content themselves by looking through the windows during the evening. Mr. J. W. Cole occupied the chair. The entertainment opened with a solo on the pianoforte by a lady, which was followed in quick succession by songs, solos, duets, and recitations. The closing piece of the first, part was Dr. Bewicke's exhibition of the magnesium light, accompanied with an ex- planation. The light was so powerful that it totally eclipsed the lamps and candles in the room. After the Doctor's exhibition, there was an interval of 15 minutes. The second part of the performance was opened with a duet on the pianoforte by lady amateurs. The pro- gramme, which was a long one, ran in the fol- lowing order:-Part 1. Solo on pianoforte by lady amateur. The Chairman then delivered his opening address, remarking that he felt very much gratified at seeing such a large number present ; and as the performers were all ama- teur, he hoped the company would make a little allowance and not criticise them too much. The programme was a long one, and he considered it well got up. The only mistake they had made was in not appointing a better man to occupy the chair. (Cries of No, no.) He then called upon Mr. C. Conway to give a prologue, which he did in a masterly manner. A company of lady and gentlemen amateurs then sang " Forgive, Blest Shade and was followed by a recitation from Mr. John Gillies, entitled " Pitt on being taunted by Walpole." The next part of the performance was a duet on the pianoforte, entitled, " Jaunita," by lady amateurs, followed with a dialogue by Messrs. Elliott and G. Badcock, entitled " Patent and Dowlas," which was delivered in a style that drew forth great applause from the audience. The amateur company then sang, "Sweet, sweet is our Rest" -given with great effect. A recitation followed by Mr. J. Milnes, entitled, "The Alarm" The beautiful pianoforte solo, "Just before the Battle, Mother," was then played by a lady amateur, accompanied with a literary illustration by Dr. Bewicke. The Dr. then exhibited the magnesium light, giving at the same time a short lecture, explaining its origin and uses. The light was very brilliant, and the flame of a blueish color. Interval of 15 minutes. Part 2 began with the pianoforte duet " The Agnes Sorrell Quadrille" by lady amateurs, which was rendered in a very touch ing and excellent manner, and drew great ap- plause from the audience. A dialogue, " Bru- tus and Cassius," by Messrs. H. Badcock and J. Milnes, was next on the list, after which Mr. Williams gave the beautiful song "Kathleen Mavourneen," Dr. Bain playing the accompani- ment. Dr. Bewicke then gave a reading entitled " Chowla," a romance of the Darling, edited by Saunders McTavish; which was de- livered with great effect, and caused a great deal of merriment. A solo entitled, "The Dream," was then played on the pianoforte, in a very pathetic manner, by a lady amateur; after which came a recitation, "The Arab's Farewell to his steed," given by Mr. J. Milnes. Dr. Bain then played on the pianoforte a solo entitled, "Mabel," with a thrilling effect, and which elicited great applause. The next on the programme was a reading by Mr. Badcock, entitled "Tim Rafferty and the Old Cow's Ghost ; it was delivered in such an enthusiastic and comical style, that it completely upset the gravest face among the audience. Mr. Badcock retired amidst loud and continued applause. The Amateur Company then sang ** Sleep, Gentle Lady," which was encored. The chairman then called upon Messrs. Gillies and Conway to give the last piece, in the form of a dialogue entitled "Prince Henry and Sir John Falstaff." Votes of thanks were given to the amateurs and chairman ; the entertainment was then closed by the Amateur Company singing the national anthem, and the company separated, having spent a very pleasant evening. We have ascertained that the proceeds of the entertainment are to go towards establishing a public library in Watervale. 