TRUNKEY GOLD-FIELDS. By Electric Telegraph. [From the Herald's Special Reporter.] Bathurst. Thuesday. I have just returned from Trunkey Creek, where I saw all the reefs — of which the five on Crooked Tree Creek are the chief. The stone looks very well, but nothing specially astonish ing ; indeed it is not so good locking as the top stone at Emu Creek. The best claims will go perhaps from three to four ounces to the ton. The country has a decidedly auriferous look. Crooked Tree Creek runs into Trunkey Creek, and alluvial gold is found in both, with good surfacing. Similar reefs, all shewing gold in the stone, on cap, on ridges, are to be found in all directions within a circuit of twenty miles. There is very little work doing, only some four or five parties having opened out their reefs or claims. All the country is taken up along the line of reefs for ten miles, in five, ten, twenty, and even fifty- acre leases ; men come on to the ground, find it all taken up, and having nothing lo do, go away again. Speculation is likely to destroy a very valuable gold-field, as thirty or forty persons arrive every day, and the same number leave or go prospecting. The alluvial ground is even taken up on lease. MEETING OF PARLIAMENT.— It is understood that Parliament will meet for dispatch of business on the 22nd September next Richmond Park, &c.; — A deputation from the Rich mond Park Committee, consisting of Mr. George Bowman (the president, and also a trusts), Mr. Sloper Cox (the hon. treasurer), and Mr. C. R. Bedwell (the hon. secretary), had an interview, on Thursday, with the hon, the Colonial Secretary, with the object of obtaining assistance from the Government in improving the Park. Mr. Bowman stated that the improvements required necessitated an outlay beyond the small means at the command of the people of Richmond. The Government being in the habit of assisting poor people, and as the traffic on the line was likely to be increased by the grounds being made more attractive (the Park lying adjacent to the railway station), the committee had thought proper to depute them to request the appropriation of some small amount of funds for the work. Mr. Robertson : We do not recognise you as poor people. Mr. Bowman : Look at the floods, sir. Mr. Bedwell said the residents had sub scribed £150 to the fund, and had improved the ground by fencing and laying out. It was pointed out by Mr. Cox that the work sought to be effected would be a great im provement, not only to the town but to the railway station. The money raised by the residents (Mr. Bedwell said) was subscribed in amounts varying from 5s. to £5. Mr. Bow man observed that the object of the deputation was to procure the means for further improvements. Mr. Robertson : I suppose the Park was granted by the Crown. Mr. Bowman : Yes ; I think it was granted when Mr. Cowper was in office ; I would remind the Colonial Secretary that sums have been granted for Parramatta Park. Mr. Robertson : Paramatta Park was given to that town when it was greatly improved, and it was equal to giving the people of Parramatta a sum of money. I will bring the matter before my colleagues, But I do not know that there is any precedent in point. Mr. Bedwell : Parramatta has received several sums for the Park there. Our object now is to avail ourselves of the season for planting trees, and we thought we could get a donation at once. Mr. Robertson : You are rather late to talk of doing it this season ; and, besides, you will not be able to get anything this year that you may rely upon. We can only accede to your request by the sanction of Parliament, even supposing my colleagues and I agree to propose the appropriation of funds for the purpose. Mr. Cox : Owing to their limited-means we could not* get more from the people of Richmond. Mr. Robertson : The only warrant for spending public money without Parliamentary sanction, is that there is an emergency and the necessity for expenditure has not been foreseen. I am sure my colleagues would not consent to give the mosey without Parliamentary sanction. I will bring the matter before them,, and that to-day, but I do not say how they may, decide. Whatever we propose to do it will have to be submitted to Parliament.. Mr. Bedwell trusted the Colonial Secretary would use his influence in promoting this benefit to the town of Richmond ; there were precedents established and the outlay was necessary. Since the commencement of Responsible Government- thousands of pounds of public money had been spent upon Parramatta Park. Mr. Cox pointed out that such improvements as those proposed to be effected in the Park at Richmond would draw people in that direction, and thus tend to increase the revenue of the railway department ; and Mr. Bedwell stated that there was Government land lying round the Park which would also be increased in value. Another matter, the sanctioning and making pro vision for the formation of a Volunteer corps at Richmond, was brought under the notice of the Colonial Secretary by Mr. Bedwell. Mr. Robertson observed that there had been some papers on the subject, and he questioned whether Colonel Richardson had come to the conclusion that it ought to be proceeded with, at any rate he scarcely agreed with it for some time. Mr. Bedwell : But his last letter states that he recommended it. Mr. Robertson : A sum has been voted. Mr. Bowman : We want to give the young men in our district something to do. Mr. Bedwell: The movement is favourably taken up now by the inhabitants, and we would ask you to further the formation of the corps by granting as much money as you can. Mr. Robertson promised to bring both these matters before his colleagues, not suggesting what the result might be ; but it was out of the question to seek to get money this year. Mr. Bowman : But if the committee of trustees borrow money, may they be reimbursed by the grant? Mr. Robertson: No doubt sufficient money wonld be advanced by the banks on personal security given by either of yon gentlemen. The deputation then retired. DEATH BY SCALDS.— Captain Scott, P.M., acting coroner for the district of Sydney, held an inquiry on Thurs day forenoon, at the Pier Hotel, Manly Beach, on the body of a child, named Margaret Fraser. David Fraser stated that he was a stonemason, and resided with his family at Manly Beach ; the deceased was his child ; she was about one year and eight months old : he was not present when she received the injuries which caused her death ; She died on Wednesday evening ; no medical man saw his daughter during her illness ; whiting, wadding, and oil were applied to the scalded parts. David Fraser, a little brother of deceased, gave the following evidence relative to the accident : — About half-past 2 o'clock on Monday last he was present when his sister got scalded ; they were together and alone in the front room of the house; there was a basinful of hot water on the hearthstone, and his sister fell into it ; he picked her up ; his mother was lying down on the sofa in the same room ; she got three platefuls of flour and put the contents over deceased, and then got oil, which she also mixed and put on her ; his sister got worse, and died on Wednesday at 5 o'clock ; his sister fell into the water accidentally ; he did not put her in. William Shaw, M,D., stated that on examining the deceased he found marks of extensive injuries over the chest, arms, and thighs, evidently the result of severe scalding; the body was rigid and the feet arched as if death had been the re sult of convulsions; the injuries visible on the body were quite sufficient to account for death by the shock to the nervous system. The jury found that the deceased died from the effects of scalds accidentally received. ORANGE INSTITUTION DINNER AND BALL.— The an nual dinner and ball of the Loyal Orange Institutions of New South Wales took place on Thursday, at the Masonic Hall, which was beautifully decorated with flags and festoons of evergreens— this part of the programme being ably carried out under the superintendence of Messrs. Macfarlane and Gordon. Shortly after 8 o'clock the Worshipful Grand Master took the chair, and grace hav ing been said, the dinner — which was served up to about 600 persons, in Compagnoni's best style— was proceeded with, and was followed by a number of toasts, amongst which were ' Her Majesty, the Queen,' ' Royal Family,' ' His Excellency the Governor.' ' The Memory of King William the Third,' and ' The Countess of Belmore,'— each of which was accompanied by the City Band playing appropriate airs. The tables were then cleared away, and the programme, comprising twenty dances, was opened, and continued to an early hour in the morning. ST MICHAEL'S SCHOOL.— In order to add to the fund which is being raised for providing new desks, forms, &c;, for the above school, the Rev. H. S. King, incumbent of St. Michael's Church, has arranged to have a series of lectures, delivered fortnightly in the schoolhouse, Fitzroy-street, Surry Hills. The first lecture of the series was given on Thursday, by the Rev. Joseph H. Barnier, of St. Barnabas, in the presence of a numerous audience. The subject chosen as the theme of discourse was ' The buried cities of the East,' and, as might be supposed, the lecture was ex ceedingly interesting and instructive. EXCITING NEWS.— It is very certain we must go abroad to hear news of home. According to the West Coast Times, a terrible railway collision has occurred in New South Wales, of which we have yet not heard one word. The telegram of Sydney news in the above journal contains the following item: — ' A fearful railway collision has taken place at Elcho. Fifteen carriages were smashed, and eight persons were killed, and a large number wounded.' THE ROCKHAMPTON MURDER. — A telegram in the Brisbane Courier states that Sub- inspector Lloyd has found Halligan's revolver, and. a parcel containing 18 ounces gold, concealed in a tree in the scrub near where Palmer was arrested. DEATH UNDER SUSPICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES. — Our Rydal correspondent writes: — A magisterial inquiry was held on Monday last, by Mr. Andrew McAuley J.P., into the death of a man named Michael Monaghan, about 20 years of age, who was a labourer on No. 6 Contract, G.W.R. It appears from evidence the deceased was at work, in good health and strength, up to 4 o'clock p.m. last Saturday, after which, during the evening, he went into a hut kept by Mrs. Sheehan, where he partook of some rum with some of his mates, after which, when he went out, he and another man vomited, but Monaghan returned and subsequently died there during the night. Dr. O'Hara made a post mortem examination, and found all the intestines, &c.;, sound and healthy, and some rum in the stomach, but could not tell the precise cause of death. The police found rum, some turpentine, and a bottle of liquid in it like red ink. The inquiry will be resumed next Friday, and the stomach will be sent to Sydney for analysis. FIRE. — About one o'clock on Sunday morning it was dis covered that the wool-washing establishment of Mr. Henry Hays, situated at Waterloo, and near St. Silas, was on fire. The premises which consist of a number of sheds contained a large quantity of wood. The fire was first observed by one of the men living on the premises, who immediately gave the alarm to some men employed in the neighbouring wool-washing establishment of Mr. Ebs worth. They succeeded in getting out some of the burn ing bales of wool, but finding the fire had got beyond their control, one of them rode into Sydney, and gave the alarm to the stations. A couple of engines were immediately dis patched, that of No. 2 Volunteer Company, being first on the ground, closely followed by that of the Insur ance Brigade, the latter being delayed on the road by a mishap near the Wesleyan Church, Chippendale. By the time the engines arrived on the spot the buildings were completely enveloped in flames. A quantity of the wool was shortly after the breaking out of the fire, removed to a place of safety - though it formed but a small propor tion to that destroyed. Some of the wool escaped from any damage save that caused by the water of the engines - one of which was at work for over a couple of hours, and the other for a much longer period. It is not known how the fire originated. By some it is believed to have broken out in the centre of the large shed and by others at the end. The damage done was considerable, being estimated be tween £2000 and £2500. A wool press of large dimensions was almost completely destroyed. Neither the buildings nor the wool are insured. Mr. C?b and several members of the No. 2 company returned to the ground some thir teen or fourteen hours, their engine leaving at 3 o'clock on Sunday aflernoon. ARRIVAL OF THE BARB AT MORPETH— This splendid stallion (says the Mercury), who enjoys an unequalled re putation as a prodigy of the Australian turf, and who has brought his late owner by his performances something more tangible than golden opinions, arrived in Morpeth yesterday forenoon, by the Coonenbara.' A. S. N. Co's steamer, in first-rate fettle, and apparently not at all affected by the voyage. His arrival created quite a com motion in the neighbourhood of the wharf, and some thirty or forty persons had collected to have a glimpse of the wonder, who was greeted with a round of cheering as soon as he was led up from the wharf yard to the street, where he was stripped for an instant, that the bystanders might have their curiosity gratified. Mr. Tait accompa nies his beautiful little animal, to deliver him at Tocal to the purchaser, Mr. Reynolds. We were much struck with the Barb's symmetry and compactness; he is wonderfully clean of limb; and every part of him is beautifully propor tioned. THE PROPOSED POLICE REDUCTIONS. — Among the number of proposed reductions, says the Bathurst Times, one appears in the case of the clerk of Petty Sessions at Bathurst. This matter found a subject of discussion at the meeting of magistrates held on Monday afternoon last, when, by the unanimous request of the meeting, Mr. Marsh consented to communicate to the Government the views of the Bench, viz. : — 'That the proposed reduction of Mr. Hales's salary would leave that gentleman with a remuneration very inadequate to the services he performed; for, while the clerks of petty sessions in other districts re ceived salaries and perquisites for other duties connected with the Government, Mr. Hales was deprived of these means of supplementing his income. In most districts the clerks of petty sessions acted as the registrars of births, deaths, and marriages — as land agents— deputy registrars of the District Court— and mining registrars ; but, in Bathurst all these duties were performed by persons specially ap pointed for the purpose. For the importance of the posi- tion he held, and the amount of labour required at his hands, the Bench thought that Mr. Hales did not receive a proper equivalent in salary. He was a painstaking, zealous, and efficient officer, and the Bench hoped that the Government would, in this case, not make the pro posed reduction. CUSTOMS SEIZURE AT NEWCASTLE. — On Monday nigh last (says the Chronicle) , about 12 o'clock, Mr. Nihill, tide surveyor of this port, proceeded on board the barque Leonidas, from New Caledonia, and seized a quantity of tobacco not reported at the Customs. The same officer also seized the vessel: On the following morning he researched the barque, and discovered a quantity of brandy and tea that had not been reported, and which, together with the tobacco seized on the previous day, he deposited in her Majesty's Bonded Warehouse. We believe the matter is now pending, awaiting instructions from head quarters. DR. MANNING'S REPORT ON LUNATIC ASYLUMS.— An American newspaper — the Springfield Daily Republican of April 21st, 1869— has the following paragraph in refer- ence to Dr. Manning's Report on Lunatic Asylums : — 'It seems odd that the most comprehensive recent work on the Lunatic Asylums of Europe and America should come to us frem the other side of the world, yet such is the fact. We have received Dr. Frederic Norton Manning's 'Report on Lunatic Asylums,' printed at Sydney, in Australia, and issued by the Government of New South Wales, for whose benefit and tinder whose direction the work was prepared. It is a blue book of some 300 octavo pages, with many plans annexed, and is written after visits made by Dr. Manning in 1867 and 1868, to twenty-five asylums in England, nine in Scotland; fourteen in the United States, nine in France, six in Belgium, four in Germany, and one in Holland, ' besides many lunatic wards in British poorhouses. The information thus obtained in regard to the treatment of lunatics, their diet, employment, &c;, ; the architecture of asylums, their inspection, and general regulation, is here set forth concisely and conveniently. Dr. Manning visited our Northampton hospital, and was much pleased with it ; he also visited Dr. Howe's and Dr. Wilbur's Idiot Schools, and Dr. Day's Inebriate Asylum at Binghampton, which impressed him favourably. He reports that restraint is much more common in the American than the English asylums, and still more frequent in France than here. He visited Gheel, and bears testimony to the general good management of the insane there ; he also speaks of the Scotch practice of boarding the insane in private houses, and finds much to commend in it. The book is of high value to those interested in its subject. Should any of our readers wish to procure it, they can order it of Thomas Richards, Government Printer at Sydney, where its price is 7s. 6d., or 1 dollar 87 cents in gold. DEATH FROM SCALDS— The Newcastle Pilot reports that the Police Magistrate held an inquiry at Waratah, touching the death of a child four years of age, named Norah Coleman, who was scalded on the previous day. From the evidence it appeared that deceased struck her eldest sister, and while walking backwards to avoid a return blow, she fell into a boiler full of clothes and boiling water, which her mother had left for a few minutes. Mrs. Coleman at once took the child out, placed it in cold water, and afterwards applied soothing remedies in the shape of oil and flour. Drs. Costerton and Freeman were also called in, but the deceased gradually sank until Saturday morning, when she expired. She was fearfully scalded about the body and thighs, and from the first no hopes were enter tained of her recovery. CONVICTIONS FOR ATTEMPT TO COMMIT SUICIDE.— At the Wellington Quarter Sessions, on the 1st instant (as reported in the Bathurst Free Press), Peter Bradley was indicted for having, in March last, at Timberabungie, near Dubbo, attempted to commit suicide by cutting the veins and arteries of his arms. The evidence in the case went to prove that at the time of the commission of the crime the prisoner was at Mr. McKay's, Timberabungie Inn ; that he was suffering from delirium tremens accompanied by a strange hallucination to the effect that some persons had spoken to the prisoner informing him of their intention to take the lives of Mr. McKay and all his family, unless some human sacrifice were offered ; that upon prisoner intimating his willingness to suffer in the stead of the intended victims he was offered the choice of three various kinds of death, viz.,— hanging, drowning, or bleeding to death — and choosing the latter, he procured a razor and severed the veins and arteries of either arm at the elbow, cutting some frightful gashes. He was afterwards found lying in a state of insensibility not far from the inn. His Honor, in summing up, spoke strongly on the evils of drunkenness, and said the jury had to consider whether it was insanity produced by some constitutional affection, or temporary in sanity caused by an indulgence in intoxicating liquors ; if the latter, drunkenness would not excuse the prisoner in the commission of his crime. Dr. Tibbets, being recalled by the foreman of the jury, said he believed the prisoner to be perfectly sane, except when under the influence of drink. To the prisoner : I do not know what the feelings of a man are when under the influence of drink ; I never experienced them ; have known you for eight or ten years, and know of nothing against your character. Verdict, guilty ; but recommended to mercy on the ground of temporary in sanity. As the prisoner had already been several months in custody, his Honor passed the light sentence of one week's imprisonment in Wellington gaol. — Timothy Hickey was also indicted for having, at Monteflores, on the 7th April, 1869, attempted to commit suicide by cutting the veins and arteries of his arms. Prisoner pleaded guilty. Mr. Joseph Aaron, J.P., being called by the prisoner, bore testimony to the effect that the prisoner had been in his employ as shepherd for a number of years ; that he believed him to be honest and trustworthy, but occasionally addicted to drink. The prisoner, who looked sadly out of health, begged the merciful considera tion of the Courts on the plea of permanent constitutional affliction, stating that he suffered from severe rheumatic pains, and also a chronic affection of the throat, caused by repeated attacks cf diphtheria, ending in ossification of the windpipe, and that for some time past he desired the benefit of medical attendance in Sydney, but had been unable to go there, for want of means. Sentence, one month in Dar linghurst gaol ; his Honor kindly remarking that the pri soner would thus he enabled to procure the necessary medical treatment. THE POLYNESIAN LABOUR QUESTION. — A long corre spondence of a recriminatory character appears in the Brisbane Courier of Saturday last, from Mr. George Raff, in which he attacks the statements of the Rev. Mr. Sutherland that appeared a few weeks ago in the Herald. HYDE PARK ASYLUM. —On Tuesday afternoon his Excel lency the Governor paid a visit of inspection to the above- mentioned institution and a treat in the shape of a bountiful feast followed by music and dancing, was given to the old women who are inmates of the asylum. Great prepa rations were made for the festivities. The dining-hall was decorated with ? flags, evergreens, cornstalks, &c.;, and a plentiful supply of cakes, tarts, fruit, and tea was set out upon the tables. A table at the upper end of the room, and ornamented with flowers, &c.;, was set apart for teh visit. About 4 o'clock his Excellency, accompanied by Lady Belmore, Miss Gladstone, Mrs. Beresford, Mrs. Lambert, and Mr. and Mrs. Touimin, arrived at the asylum, and was received by Mr. Rolleston, the chairman of the committee of the institution, and Mrs. Applewhaite, the matron. Among the visitors were also Mrs. Allwood, Mrs. Wilshire, Mrs. Williams, Miss Korff and Mr. C. E. Horsley. The upper portion of the building, in which are situated the dormitories and the hospital ward, &c.;, was visited and the party spoke in great praise of the cleanliness which was everywhere apparent. Having gone over the upper story, they descended to the dining-hall, in which there were about 166? old women seated at the tables and waiting to begin their feast. Upon the entrance of his Excellency and party, all stood up and sang a verse of the National Anthem; and, after grace was said, proceeded to devote their energies to the consumption of the good things provided for their refreshment. In the midst of the least an old woman rose up and made a very sensible speech, in which she thanked his Excellency and Lady Belmore for coming among them, and the matron and other person connected with the institution for their kindness. Soon afterwards they all adjourned to another large room on the same floor, where, to the music of the pianoforte played by Mr. C. E. Horsley, the old people danced jigs and reels with untiring zeal and very evident enjoyment. The Governor and Lady Belmore remained with them for some time and seemed well pleased with the orderly and comfort able appearance of the institution and those whom it shel tered. The fete was kept up for some hours, and each old woman was at its close presented with a fig of tobacco and a small modicum of rum. There are present 176 of those poor creatures in the asylum, which is now under the charge of Mrs. Applewhaite, who seems to perform the duties of her onerous office with painstaking zeal, and who is ably seconded in her efforts by her daughter, who is her principal assistant. PRESENTATION OF AN ADDRESS. — On Monday last, Dr. Palmer, late Police Magistrate of Bathurst, was presented with an address from the Bench of Magistrates on his retirement from his official duties. A public meeting was afterwards held in the Court-house, at which it was resolved to present Dr. Palmer with an address and testimonial. THE GILBERT. — The Rockhampton Bulletin of the 8th instant says: - The accounts from the Gilbert do not bear out the first reports of that gold-field. That there are ex tensive deposits of gold there, cannot be disputed, but the absence of water is a fatal drawback, and a continuance of the rush there must prove disastrous. There are now some 2000 people on the ground, and it is to be feared that great privations will be endured until the advent of the rainy season. The Gilbert gold-field will, there is every reason to believe, support a large population, but to go there now, whilst so little is known of it and whilst no great returns have yet come down, would be tempting fate. Had we discouraged a rush at the commencement, our motives would have been misinterpreted, and those whom we advised to wait and learn would have been urged to start at once. There is nothing to warrant a great rush, and the diggers are finding this out. We give all the information we get about the new gold-field. As yet there is nothing wonderful. It is like our other northern fields, patchy, and a rush must bring disappointment to many. The rush appears to have ceased ; and before long we may expect to see some of our diggers back again to their old quarters — at Morinish, Ca warral, or the Crocodile. The excitement caused by these rushes does no good to the colony. A few storekeepers and the steamships may make a profit by them, but the country loses money which could be better spent. Additional police and commissioners must be provided, even before there is any certainty of the permanency of a new gold-field ; trade is disturbed, and the population is kept unsettled and rest less. We would advise the diggers to wait for certain in formation regarding the prospects at the Gilbert and the con ditions of living there before they throw up their claims here. EXTRAORDINARY OCCURRENCES. — We take the follow- ing from the Burrangong Argus of Saturday: it reads remarkably "sensational," but it is treated of seriously by the journalist :— In these enlightened times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the following statement of what has befallen three re spectable men residing near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men referred to are splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old Duffer Rush, The first time they saw anything ' unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush near their hut, a white object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary-looking object suddenly before their eyes sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and one another. On another occasion they retired to bed at the usual hour on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one waking up during the night, he was much sur prised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about and they are all quite sure that neither on this or the former occasion was it either a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumb founded them. Another night they were much surprised at seeing a strange, unearthly-looking animal some what resembling a dog, with a long chain attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning at them, but made no noise, either by barking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As the animal would not go away, one of the men (who was a good shot) loaded a gun, and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no effect upon it. The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they heard the rattling of a chain and a noise like what a dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate which had been left there was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they could, while looking, distinctly hear the some noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plate wae being licked by some animal. On Sunday last these men came into Young, and upon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been pulled down and its contents brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd told these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one killed the other with an axe, and afterwards fell a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appearance. The men will most probably be in town to-night, when we shall hear farther particulars, which we shall not fail to give in our next issue. DEATH BY DROWNING AT MORUYA. — The correspond- ent of the Braidwood Dispatch reports the death of Samuel Brown, a fisherman, under the following circum- stances :— On Saturday night, the 10th instant, he and his wife left the town about 11 o'clock, very tipsy, and went to their boat to go home, their residence being about four miles down the river. Nothing more was heard of them until about 12 o'clock, or rather on Sunday morning, when a cry was heard in the river. A few of the inhabi tants reached the boat and found Mrs. Brown alone, to all appearance having just awoke. Brown was not in the boat. She gave the alarm not knowing where she was. Had it not been that she awoke at the time she did she might have drifted out to sea. Search was made for the body of the unfortunate man on Sunday morning, when it was found near the bank abreast of the town swamp. It was carried to the Adelaide Hotel, where an inquest was held upon it to-day. Brown leaves a large family, all of whom were dependent on his earnings for their livelihood. PRESERVED MEAT. —The Melbourne Argus gives the following extract from a letter received by a correspondent relative to Australian preserved meat, which may be worth the attention of those engaged in the meat-preserving industry in the colony : — ' I have made inquiries repeatedly among my workmen as to their use of Australian meat, and I am nearly always told that at 6d. per lb. the meat is dearer than English meat at 11d., owing to the large quantity of salt it contains, and, as a consequence, that your meat is rarely asked for.' THE REPORTED FAILURE AT LAUNCESTON. — As to the reported failure of Mr. Lewis Cohen, of Launceston, which turns out to be incorrect, the Melbourne Argus Saturday last says : — 'With respect to a telegram which appeared in our issue of the 19th ultimo, stating that Mr. Lewis Cohen has likewise intimated that he has failed, we have to express our regret that such a statement should have appeared in our columns. We contradicted it as soon as we became acquainted with its untruth ; and we have no hesitation in apologising to Mr. Lewis Cohen for its publi cation, which was attributable to the mistake of our cor respondent. — Ed. A.' MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT. — The Western Post states that a very serious accident befel the eldest son of Mr. E. Ryan, C.P.S., on Monday evening, 5th July. The poor lad, who is between 10 and 12 years of age, had mounted a pony of a rather frisky nature, and the animal becoming restive and starting off at a smart gallop, he lost his control of it, and threw himself off. In so doing he fell with some violence to the ground, and, sad to relate, his face come in contact with a jagged stump, which inflicted such serious injuries as to cut the flesh in a most frightful manner. His thigh was also broken by the fall, and the injuries themselves generally were of such a serious character as to raise very grave apprehensions as to whether they would not prove fatal. Dr. Rowling was at once called in, who set the broken limb, and sewed up the frightful gashes on the face. Under his treatment the poor child is improving, but as to the ultimate effects of the injuries sustained no opinion can at present be formed. Some time ago the child suffered from a paralytic stroke, which crippled one side of the body, and most unfortunately the thigh bone on the opposite side is now broken. TEMPERANCE MEETING. — The usual weekly meeting under the auspices of the Association for the Suppression of Intemperance, was held on Wednesday, in the Temper ance Hall. The chair was taken by Mr. Armstrong. Addresses were delivered by the chairman, Messrs. Adelaide and Whately. A recitation was given by Mr. Sinclair. Several persons came forward and took the pledge, FLOATING BREAKWATER. —A contrivance for resisting the violence of the seas at the entrance to ports and harbours was exhibited on 9th instant, near Fort Denison, in the presence of a number of gentlemen officially and otherwise interested in our internal navigation, and its chief features makes the title of "Floating Breakwater" not inappro priate. It is a raft of transversed timbers, those on the upper sides lying at right angles to the set of the sea. The idea is said to have originated in the resistance offered by large spars to heavy seas, and the shelter obtained in the smooth water on their lee. Thus it is narrated that in severe hurricanes in mid-ocean large vessels have at times been lashed to spars to enable them more safely to withstand the violence of sea and wind; and small craft in the Ganges seek shelter by the side of logs floating in the stream. Mr. John Evelyn-Liarder, of this city, is the in ventor of the raft break-water, but it is not a new device, as he initiated it in 1851, and since then has brought it under the notice of successive Governments in the colony. He had some encouragement in developing his plan from the late Mr. Robert Campbell, then Colonial Tresurer but it remained in suspension up to the time of the gentleman's death. Colonel Barney reported upon it favourably in 1852, yet he urged the delay of its trial until the works then in progress at Newcastle for the formation of a breakwater uniting Nobby's Island with the mainland had been fairly tested. The present Minister for Public Works having the subject brought under his notice, gave it some attention, and assisted Mr. Evelyn-Liardet in getting a small model con structed. This was moored off the western side of Fort Denison for inspection. The raft measures 12 feet square, and is constructed of 4 inch by 6 inch timbers, four beams being fixed at equal intervals — transversely upon three, and projecting 3 inches above the water surface. A party of gentlemen, among whom were the Hon. the Minister for Works, Captain Palmer, and several officers of H. M. S. Rosario, Mr. E. O. Moriarty, (Chief Engineer of Harbours and Rivers', Captain Hixson (Superintendent of Pilots, &c.;), Mr. Barnet, (Colonial Architect) and Mr. Evelyn-Liardet visited the place where the model was stationed, to examine its effec when afloat. The weather was not very favourable for the exhibition, no wind stirring, and the water being nearly dead. There was, however, a ripple of about 12-inch rise, sufficicnt to indicate the mode in which the raft wards off the sea, which is arrested by contact with the first beam, and lessened as it is met successively by the others, so that the water becomes perfectly smooth on the lee side. The trial would have been much more interesting had there been a heavy sea running, so as to show whether waves breaking well over the raft would be reduced with equal success. Of this the inventor expressed full confidence. He proposes that, for permanent use, the raft should be formed of galvanized iron cylinders. The visitors seemed to be impressed with the effectiveness of the invention, as a sea barrier leaving smooth water on its lee ; and the only difficulty suggested was as to the practica bility ot safely mooring it when constructed on a large scale. The inventor maintained that this could be done with out much trouble, and be would use coir hawser for the pur pose. The Minister for Works has so far favoured the de velopment of the design as to ask Mr. Evelyn-Liardet for a plan end estimate of a raft on a moderately large scale, so that he may bring the matter under the notice of his colleagues. Should this form of breakwater ultimately prove successful in effecting the object of any such work, there is undoubtedly that advantage in the simplicity of construction and general adaptability to the varying cir cumstances in which the protection it promises may be required as to render it applicable to a number of exposed ports and harbours of refuge on our coast. BOGGED DRAYS. —When drays are bogged (remarks the Maryborough Chronicle), instead of unloading them, our carriers prefer, as being the least trouble, to what is called dig them out. The plan would not be so objectionable if they would fill up again the pitfalls thus made, for the loose earth would at any rate carry horses and light vehicles safely across, whilst left open the holes are very liable to occasion accident. A few weeks ago a very nasty accident did occur from this cause. A lady was thrown out of a buggy, and narrowly escaped being crushed under the wheels. Carriers may leave these places open that others following them with loaded drays may avoid them, or for political reasons, that the roads may appear as they are, and not better than they are, in the hope that they may the sooner be put under repair. There is something in this, but on the whole we think the practice has more to be said against than for it. ARSON AT BURROWA. —The stables attached to Mrs. Hurley's Royal Hotel, Burrowa (the Yass Courier reports), had a narrow escape from being totally destroyed by fire during last Saturday night. A groom who slept in the stables was awoke between 12 and 1 o'clock by one of the horses becoming restive, and on getting up observed smoke issuing from the hay-loft over head. He went to where a ladder was usually placed, but found it had been removed; he, however, entered the loft by the opening over one of the racks, and succeeded in putting out the fire which had kindled amongst the hay. Fortunately there was only a small quantity of this in the loft at the time, or the conse quences might have been most disastrous. About three yards in extent of the wood work was charred and burned, and from which circumstance it is supposed that the in cendiary had pushed in a lighted match and left it, expect ing that it would communicate with sufficient hay to ac complish his diabolical purpose. THE ROAD TO TRUNKEY CREEK. —Persons from Syd ney intending to visit the new gold- field at Trunkey Creek (says the Goulbum Herald would do well to remember that they have their choice of two routes, either via Goul burn or via Bathurst. The new field is said to be twelve miles from Tuena; and Tuena is about half- way between Bathurst and Goulburn, but from the superiority of the road to the latter place it has always had the greater, gene rally the entire, share of the Tuena trade. Trunkey Creek in point of mileage is, therefore, not so far from Bathurst as from Goulbum ; but the intending visitor from Sydney will do well to remember that he can reach Goulburn by train. The Bathurst papers have certainly had more than the Goulburn papers to say about the new gold-field ; but this does not affect the matter of reaching there from Sydney. TASMANIA.— The subjoined telegrams have been received in Melbourne: - Goodall's report relative to the prospects of the Tower-hill quartz reefs is most satisfactory. There are three reefs on the land. He has put in four-cross cuts in No. 1. The reef averaged from 3 feet to 8 feet thick. The deepest cross-cut is 10 feet in the solid reef. The gold is better and rougher the deeper the cut goes. The grain of the stone is said to be similar to that at Clunes, with all accompanying indications. He considers the prospect ex traordinary, The place is a complete network of reefs, and there ore fifty miles of country to the north all as likely, which has never yet been prospected. Reefs No. 2 and 3 have yielded rich specimens on the surface, but have not yet been tested.— Mr. James Scott has been returned un opposed as member of the Legislative Assembly for George town.— A murder was committed near Deloraine on Wed nesday afternoon. Patrick Coiley cut his wife's throat, and then gave himself up to the police. At the inquest a verdict of 'Wilful Murder' was returned.— Arrived : Tasmania, from Melbourne ; Isabella, from Bird Island.— The Rob Roy sails at noon to-morrow ; the Tasmania on Monday. TRUNKEY CREEK. —The Bathurst Free Press says: — We have received a communication from a correspondent at Trunkey who furnishes us with the following items of information : — Lander and Co. are getting out first-class stone, and will have a trial crushing of picked stone ready for transmission to an engine In a few days. Edington and Co. are raising- stone equal in richness ; and consider able excitement exists between them as to which party will have the greatest return per ton. Cromie, and all the others on his line, are getting on well, and express every satisfaction at the present appearance, and confidence in the quality of their quartz, which they believe will pay handsomely. Wright's reef has been attracting more notice during the past week, from the fact that a number of shares have changed hands at very satisfactory prices. On Wilson's reef nothing has been done by the prospectors, but they intend to set to work without farther delay, in good earnest, to prove the value of their stone ; shares in this reef are not to be had, holders decline to part even with the smallest interest as the show is considered very good. On No. 4, Kennedy's, south from the prospector's claim, payable gold has been struck. Barretts still maintains its fair fame. A few shares have changed hands. It is rather out of the way, and there is, therefore, less fear of its being cracked up beyond its deserts. A new rush set in this morning to a place about a mile westward of the surveyed township, I am not aware of particulars, but will send them, if possible, by the next mail. Reid and Co. have parted with a share or two during the week, in their two acre block claim, south of the prospector's, Chard and Co., at good prices. A CHARITABLE ACT.— We copy the following paragraph from the Yass Courier , as showing an act for commendation by all parties concerned : — A short time ago, a married woman, named Watson, was brought before the Police Magistrate at Young, charged with failing to give a reason able account as to the possession of a quantity of fresh killed beef, and was sentenced to four months' imprison ment. At the time of sentence the woman was near confinement, and on reaching the Yass gaol, where there is no provision made for such unexpected events amongst the female prisoners, the officials, high and low, became sadly troubled as to the course to be pursued. The matter was represented to the authorities in Sydney, and a telegram was shortly after received ordering the poor woman's discharge, and stating that the proper authority would reach the gaoler in course of post. The poor creature was consequently discharged from the gaol on Monday last. She immediately hurried on the road to wards her home, and on that night put up at the inn of either Mr. McGrath, or Mr. Gallagher, where she was charitably supplied with something to eat and a bed. Next morning she continued her journey, and when near Bina long most fortunately met Dr. O'Connor, who was proceed ing in the direction of Bendinine, having the evening previously been professionally engaged in the neighbourhood of Binalong. As the doctor is visiting surgeon to the Yass gaol he was cognisant of the woman's condition. This meeting in too bush was a most providential one for the poor woman. At Dr. O'Connor's request, Mr. and Mrs. Murray, of the Dim deraligo Inn, humanely and with a degree of kindness that should not be forgotten, consented to provide for the unfor tunate woman, who had scarcely been admitted to the place ere the doctor's services were called into requisition. There had, of course, been no provision made for the event, but Mrs. Murray generously provided all that she could, and the mother and infant must necessarily remain where they are for some time to come. From inquiries instituted by Dr. O'Connor, we believe that it has been ascertained that Mrs. Watson bears a good character, notwithstanding her recent conviction, and he is interesting himself in procuring a small sum of money to assist the poor creature when she is able to resume her journey. 