AMATEUR ENTHRTA AlTET By TILBE .ALA CRIUCKET CLUB. Sthe programme provided last night by the members of the Sale Cricket Club attracted a goodly audience to the Mechanics' Institute. Every available -space in the hall of the building was filled to overflowing, and numbers of ticket holders had to content themselry outside, or make their way back to their homes. The proceedings which wenr divided into two parts, commenced witl the literary portion. 1Mr Foster, P.M actinig as clhairman. The President o, the Club, AMr Patten, led off in his usual spirited style with a humorous selection from the Pickwick papers which he read with good intonation and emphasis, pro voking much hearty laughter and nmerri mont. 'hlo pieceo which admirablysuited the occasion was the wonderful account of the celebrated cricket match between " All Muggleton" and " the Dingley Dell Club," containing the extraordinary version given by Mr Theophilus Jingl. Mr Sutcliffe :followed with the comic song " My dear old wife and I." l1ih gait,' make-up and ensenmble were admi. rable, and the applause that greeted the repetition of this song was not tile less hearty, though it must be somewhat familiar to the Sale people by this time Ho was suaceeded by Mr Sadleir, who read very correctly-though not perhaps witlhasmuch broad emphasis ontthe brogua as usual, Barny Macguires account of the coronation. This piece on the whole, passed off very well, notwithstanding that close attention to the patois was wantin,. Mr.Maclean's. song. " Rome, Lome. thou art no more !" was given with some ceao'eand attention, though if we may be permitted to say so, it was scarcely in keeping with even the niscel. laneous character of the entertainsment. Tlis, however, if an error at all was osly an error of choice; and the part allotted to the singer was none the less creditably performed. The trio by Messrs. Peck, ?Taylor and Simmons was omitted, in con sequence of the absence of the last named gentleman. * Amenities of the Sale court house, tenyyears ago," an original paper by Dr. English, camo in for a very hearty share of. applause, the numerous capital :hits -and sketches of character, especially in one notable instance eliciting sliduts of laughter. Two mor0 very effective comnio' songs well, and cleverly suing'by Mr. Sutcliffe, entitled '"Flannigan's wedding"(in character),and "Peppers' Ghost" concluded the first part. After a brief interval, during which, Mr. Dunno enlivened the proceedings with a 'selection of piano forte music. Mr.' Hodge introduced- the farce with d olever prologue from his'own pen, admir. ably read as follows PROLOGUE. To "'.PARIS ANDasACK Foa £5," ais art. BnR OF THE SALE CIICaKET CLUD, IN WANT SoF FUNDS. Why go to Paris? Echo answers "why!" You'd better go to Bath, some would reply. For L5 too--why yonder should we roam, Wheih twenty times th' amount we can pick i up at home ? z Aye 1I We,. such muffs as we, (in cricketing parlance) Need not, to raise the wind,go o'er to France We'd better stop at home ; and here's the proof 1 On such short notice, crowded to the roof ! With beauty and with fashion--our house shows Which way the feeling and the money geos Wo?ewant the money-that's the honest fact- And very glad we are to be so back'd In this our purpose, by such loy.d friends: To whom I fear, we ne'er can make aments. If Morton Mashlison can please you here, Where Foster, Staveley, Allester appear, Whero Jimmy Peck (another Horse Marine) Will fret his funny humour o'er the scene. And Johnny Coulsons' modest ~ here I pause, For lack of wit, not want of your applause. The play " To Paris and Back for Fire Pounds" is an original farce in onesectby John Maddison Morton,Esq. Our nmateur cricketers placed it upon the stage last night very creditably inl all its appoint. ments with the following caste of charac tors :-Samuel Snozzlo, Mr Allester; Mr Spriggins, Mr Foster; Markham, Mr Staveley ; Lieut. Spike, R.M., Mr Peck; Pounce (n detective officer), Mr W. Bryant ; Joseph (a waiter), Air 11. S. Taylor ; Superintendent, Mr King Hedloy; Telegraphic clerk, Mr Bock; Guard, - ; Miss Fanny Spriggins, Ilr John Coulson. A detailed outline of the plot appeared in our last issue, and we regret that we hlave naither the time nor the space to notice it at full here. Thile principal character with excellent taste and correct judgmont,was,of courso,nlloted to Mr Allester, who as Mr Samuel Snozzlo well surtained the interest of the piece thlrouglout. Thie part of Spriggins by Mr Foster was nrot less well chosce or less correctly played. The dress and nakeo-up of thle vencrallc.looking paterfinnilias, thle " pa0"1 of the interesting heroine of thebo pice, .ra5 very cleverly done anid with ia lans taking attention to detail, nriot by nny ilreans coissmseonly met with it alnateur performances. As anl anmnteurclbrt, thie part of Mlurklham one of the principal chlaracters of thse picie it sceiedi tois, was about as ipeirfct 's it couls well Ie. The audience evidently thought so too, judging from the applinsec and othler 4lemonstrations of approbation. The same remarks s apply to Mr. Peck, Lieutenant Spike, RL.. M t., and to the part of Josen. the 'aitor, by Mr. . S. .Taylor. 'Both vereirresistibly cffoetive in thleirplay, aisd well up ii theie'part.. Theo minor picecs allborded little opportunity for any great displiny of flicincey. Sullico it to sey thlat all lid well, and contributed threir full share to tile general success of the farce. Mr. John Coulson's miakie ipi as Miss Sprig' gins, was reall vexcellent, rinl thie arranrgmrlnt bf tie dross,-and of thle anir, nrd fashionnablo :bonnet with its necomi layilng' cig;lO', displayod both aend skill, and.lhad i€tklently not been cn. trusted to tIo,rude hnnl's of thie stern-lr sex, alberit tlir weaciir wa of that gs urs. Thebo. details and stago managerenst were ably ?carricd ,out by Mh Bock ~ ,by whoom, theo piece was. put truporn the stage. On -thre fall of tre curtniai, intimaition wans given that thre Cn tortninmeoit-would be repeated te.nicht, in consequecnc of many of thIe ticket holders not being able to obtain adiit trince. Thie readings aun songs will Ie varied, but the farco will be rpe?nlted with the same caste of chlaracters. Thel oeoninig's nmusenswnt resulted in a very handsome sum being added tothe fuuds of the club. It -is notified in the Goernbmrnt.ra:cttis that the followitvg gentlemon have been aptpointed by the Board .of Education, mbmberai' of tle local comtnitteo of the Commos School at Port Albeorb, No 190, viz: Henry J. Willlams and Bamuol Griflithse. 