OUR LATE SESSION. There may be certain circumstances at times arising which they make coalition ministries necessities, but they are not often useful or popular. The conflicting elements that hold them together suffice to show reasoning men that they are not to be rolled on. They rarely pall together, and only exist on aufTcranco. Thoy represent, neither ono defined party or another— tbey bavo no political principlos which act in common conoert, bat struggle on likotho mooting tides at an estuary, now salt, now frosh, They arc palatablo to very few, and thoroughly enjoyed by.nono. Wo aro not going to ignoro altogether even tho commonest axiom " that It is easier to find fault than to mend," but wo do say that tho Premier might havo hriuglit forth a better hatoh of states men (?) from the Queensland orcn, than ho has somehow very mysteriously drawn togotbor. It is evidently in no senso cosmopolitan; it cannot bo said to represent the varied interests that Queensland now exhibits. Ono class alono is paramount, nod that is most un questionably a squattocrney to all intents and purposes. Even the Promior, although ho may not show tho crook in hand, bos cvidout loanings to Wool and Hides. Tho Minister of hands has bcon, from almost his boyhood, raised a rauger of tho forest wilds, and an ar dent admirer of the Merino und Durham. Tho Minister of Works' affections float in tho satna dircotion ; and tho Honourablo tho Postmaster- General, almost from his colonial existence, has indulged in squatting proclivities. Tho Ilonourablo A. IIonasON, every ono knows has amassed his imnionso wealth from no other sotlroo than breeding shcop nnd cattlo. TIiub, then, we see that three mimsttrs out of flvo aro actual squattors, nnd a fourth whoso in terests, as wo have heforo hinted, aro so closely allied to thorn, that wo mny fairly style tho IjItLEY-cum-TAYLOtt cabinet a squattiag co- terio. Notwithstanding this soif-ovidcut fact, wo uo not acom it right to launch out so strongly against them, and donounoo their political programme, as many of our contem poraries havo ilono. Wo aro more inclined to. express our astonishment (looking at tho in nate ' cacoethes loqueDdi of tho member for Maryborough, nnd tho opposition of his con freres in tho Assembly) at tho number and usefulness of tho Bills that tho iillley coali tion ministry havo been able to carry through. Thoy aro as follow Tbo Pastoral Leases Act, by which an extonded and more secure tenure has been granted to tho Crown lessees for tho eocourngeinont of pastoral cnterpriso. An Act to Kcvive European Immigration (which, wo hardly ngreo with in tho present plethora of labour). An Aot for Promoting Native Industries nnd Manufactures by grants of money and land to persons disposed to establish them. Tho Civil Sorvico Itopcal Act; and tho Hoped of tbo Trustees of Publio Lands Aot. Nor must we omit to meDtion that tho laborious services instigated by tho Govern ment into tho management of tho Woo. garoo Asylum do thom infinite credit. Although wo have just tendered this modicum of praise, which wo boliovo to ho duo to the present administration for the passiug of tho ubovo Bills, wo roust not bo understood to admit our satisfaction with tho general busi ness of tho session. The oloven foot of jealousy has too frequently pooped out on both sides of the House. Much wishy-washy stuff that has nnncecssarily filled tho columns of ' Hansard,' and tried out tho pationco of re porters, had far bettor havo been suppressed, and the limo of tbo nouse might havo been far more usefully occupied. Tho irrepressible tongao of tho Mcmbor for 'Maryborough, to nso a homely expression, has too often "run ninotcen to tho dozen," and in his attempted hursts of indignation he, as woli as other mem bers — ministerialists as well as oppositionists— havo ..mistaken '.declamation for argument, blustering and dogmatical assertions for reasoning, and porsooal and aolflsb- pretensions and aspirations for their duty to their country. Tho love of placo has driven' them "to! review plain matters of foot too frequently in ' green' spcotoclcs, nnd their boasted power and position havo prompted jaundiced reflections that should never havo entered tho breasts of poiiticions who tako their seats sworn to do their duty to thair country. Looking through tho IIouso tlicro arc no visible signs of a ny sufficient tody, of members in it rising to that ' acmfi' of legis lative intellect and experience necessary to dis pense wiso law's to a pcoplo.' Wo' look in vain amongst thom ovod for tho shadow of a WiL- DEItFORCE to appear and assert tho rights of freo labour and tho just denunointionipf a ro- nowed Polynesian slavo trade,;' countenanced sololy for tho porsoml interests of b-omo fite'or six individuals, and whoso onjy.plca for it is to bo found in their palpiiblo'. worship i of Mam mon — a god onco obtained, they melt for his worth to spend in foreign countries to the evident injury of Queensland. " Neither can wo catch a glimpse of even the ghost'of a Brougiiam, or a Bextley in jurisprudence reform, or observe the faintest sign of a real Joe Hume appearing as a financial reformer. Tho utmost attempts and largo promises of so important a porsonngo havo up to tho present been moro empty words. Nor can wo 'say much for tho nunetunl ntlendnnne nf nnr> fbn.n- sontatives. Tbroughoot tho session several of them havo bcon frequently absent from their posts, and towards its closo, beyond tho Spoakcr's rending prayers, nothing moro has been done in tbo nouso than n counting out night after night. Pkompt Punishment ron Steamko Fowls A .Chinaman, with the euphonious cognomen of "All Sam Sing Song," was caught on Sunday evening last in the act of preparing a delicious repast at tho back of Sir. M'Innery's house in Stephen- street— n savoury meal ho hnd not como honestly' by, nnd which ha wan not destined to enjoy. On being spoken to by Jl'lnneiy and a neighbour named M'Donald, the Chinaman ran away, nnd M'Imftry appears to linvo thought no thing further of. tho circumstance nt tlm lime. M'Donnld, however, went to a tiro tho Chlnmnnn had just left, nnd found three fowls pnrtlv cooked. Ho informed M'lnnery of tho fact, and the latter on going to his fowl-house, .ascertained ttint four Spanish fowls had been stolen. They returned to tho lire, discovered tho fourth fowl, npprehonded tho delinquent, nnd gnvo him in charge of a police, man, by whom ho was accommodated with lodg ings in tbo lock-up. John, shortly after tho dis covery, believing in the old adago of "No'-catclice no havee," made a holt of it, but.waa very quickly captured, and taken caro of as- nhovd described. On Monday morning John found himself in -tho box for criminals, nnd notwithstanding his to- pooled nssorvntious of innoconco, and Ids opinion hat thoso who captured him were dangerous enemies of society, and likely from the fierceness of their languago towards him to do bodily injury to others, tho facts of his guilt wcro too plain to admit of these excuses, and John svns onlered to tnko up his residence for three months in her Majesty's Toowoomba mansion— known as Murphy's Holcl — " during which he will most likely he allowed to amuse himself in getting fodder for the iron hnrso that travels to arid fro between Ipswich nnd Toowoomba. Unlawfully Usino Nojr-TnANsFxnAiiLE IUtL- way Tickets— Tho first enso "of this kind thnt has boon before tho local- Bench wns hoard yester day. Tho defendant, acting under legal advice, plgadod guilty, but wns stated to have not been nwaro of its illegality. The station-master having stated that his principal object in bringing tho caso before tbo Court wns to inform tho public that no ono was entitled to tho benefit of a ticket1 but the person in whoso name It was issued,, tho defendant wns fined In tho nominal amount of Is. with 3s. Cd. costs— tho Bench intimating thnt 'any infraction of tho rules in future- would bo followed by a much higher penalty. Tho maximum fine thai can bo inflicted Id such cases for & first ofTenco is £5. The Civil Service Acts of 1863.— Theso Act6, so far as regards future operations, havo bccu repealed. Those officers of tho Civil Service who havo vested interests therein, nrc, however, very equitably provided for— they. having the pri vilege of continuing in the same position they aro now in — (in which event tho rcpcnl of said Acts, ns far' as regards their interest, remains a dead letter), or they may on application being made to the heads of their departments, scttmo forth the sums they havo paid towards tho Retiring Allow, nnco Fund, nnd expressing a desire to withdraw from tho obligations and privileges accorded to them by said Acts, havo such sums, together with flvo per cent, per annum, refunded to them. Mn. John Uyan'3 tender of £100 for logging a part of the C'ambooya road, where it lies low nnd in rainy weather becomes almost impassable, has been accepted. Wo understand that in addition to the foregoing, n gang of men aro to ba employed by the Government to effect other repairs on'tbe samo line of rond, between Drayton rind 'Cam. booya, by cuttiug sido drains and making. other improvements— tho whole expense of .which is not to exceed £300— thnt is, £200 la addition to Rynn s contract. Hints to Bonifaces in Queensland.— A new Licensed Victualler's Bill has been introduced by tho Attorney-General of South Australia. It pro vides that the annual license fee of Adelaides pub- licans shall ba £15; of country Bonifaces, £7 JOs.J of storekeepers, £5 ; and of wincshop-kcejiera, £2. in corporate towns, no wineshop is to bo allowed except at a certain distance from n licensed public house. Tho occupiers of vineyards mny jell wine, but aro not allowed to hawk it about. It appears that tho consumption of colonial-mudo wino In South Australia is very considerable. Tho hill provides that it must not be retailed when less than one year old, nor contain moro than 30 percent, of alcohol. Samuel Penny, who was remanded to Ipswich by tho Toowoomba Bench on Friday Inst, to answer to a charge of altering a cheque from £3 6s fid. to £5 ob. fid. (received by him from Mr. Gcorgo Ihoro) has been acquitted and discnargcd. Sale op tiif. Dai.uy Railway Plant. Tho sale of tho plant recently employed in tho con struction of tho Dalby Railway took place nt the Railway Station on Monday last, Mr. \Vm II. Groom officiating ns auctioneer. There was a very largo tUtendace, much larger thau usually congre gates at auction sales. Tho competition in manv instances was very great, and tho goods appoare'd j to realise very high prices. 