THE WEEKS KKWS. ] Streaky Eat Church. — A contract has been j taken by Messrs. Campbell & Son, of Streaky Bay, for building the new church in that distant locality, i They have commenced operations, the foundations j being dug and a quantity of scone, &c.;, carted to the ground. The framework of the roof is finished : and put t- igether ready for use as soon as the walls are raisid, The building is to be completed by April 1 _The CRors at Sooth Bhtne. — A correspon clent. writing from Salt Creek, South Bhine, on January IS, says—"This and the neighbourhoods are sadly deficient in the quantity of grain that was looked forward to a little time back. Some crops ] are scarceiy worth reaping, whilst a great many are | not yielding about one-third of what we antici\x=req-\ -cipated. all owing to the effects of the red rust." Bapid CoMMDNiCAnojr with Great Britain. —We notice that the London papers of December 1 publish a telegram dated Adelaide, November 10, and forw arded via Galle. This gives only 29 clear 4ays between the two places. Latest Kews of the Galatea.—The Times «f December 3 contains a later account of the Galatea than that already received via the Cape. The paragraph is as follows:—" Her Majesty's ship Galatea, Captain His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, arrived at St. Vincent on the 22ad of November, at 6 p.m., and was coaling when the City of E o de Janeiro leit" The Far Uorth.—Advices received in Adelaide on Wednesday, from Umberatana (January 15) and the Blinman (January 16) state that the weather at those places still continues hot and dry. A letter from Paratoo, dated January 18, mentions that a little rain had fallen, but not enough to do any gooii. Accid tKT.—On Wednesday afternoon, January 20, a liclle boy, son of Mr. G. M. Euthford, of Lowe street, was accidentally run over by a horse and cait driven by a man named Michael Colvert, of Springbank. Dr. Campbell was called in and fouud that one of the child's thighs was broken. Fibs Heels.—A correspondent suggests that a reel should be stationed nearer the centre of the town than Messrs. Barlow's at the end of Bundle\x=req-\ street and Messrs. Ellis and Chittleborougli's at the end of Hindley-street. The Weather at Post Augusta.—Our letter of January 18 says:—"We had a light thunderstorm o:i Wednesday, the 13th, at noon, attended with a littie rain; and on Saturday a nice 6hower fell for about one hour, which cooled the atmosphere considerably, and made the weather very pleasant." Uaptist Chapel, Alberton.—The anniversary services; of the Alberton Baptist Chapel took place on Sunday, January 17, when the Bev. J. L. Parsons, of Angaston, delivered impressive sermons morning and evening. On Tuesday, January 10. tea and public meetings were also held; u;e attendance at the former was large, and at the public meeting the chapel was crowded: the Eev. 37. H. Hodge (Consresrationalist) nre sided. On the platform there also were the Bevs J. Price, the pastor; J. Henderson (PresbyteriaD) II. J. Lambert (Baptist), 1'. S. Caseley (VFesleyan), and Mr. A. 8. Aieill. 1 be Chairman.took occasion to remark that it afforded him much pleasure to not:ce the good feeling existing amongst the minivers of the various denominations. 3Ir. A. s>. 2s eiii read a report of the proceedings of the pa-t >ear. It stated that during 186S the admissions to membership had been 16, and the losses by death ami removals 7, leaving the present number . at the services had been regular, and the Welsh services at the Port had secured more interest than foru.erly. At the Pastor'6 Bible Clans there was an average num'oei of 30 present. The Simday\x=req-\ school had increased to 215 on the books, with an average of 92 in the mowing and 12S in the afternoon, but more teachers were desired. Tract distribution over a large area had been regularly conducted, and was productive of lic-neir to many outside the regular congregation. The financial statement showed that the total receipts were £219 3s. 3d., and payments £25S 13s. :{ii. In addition to the above receipts, a considerable si:ui was raised for missions, and £12 as a first amount by the ladies towards a new schoolroom, which was much required. The meeting was theu addressed by the Kevs. Henderson, Lambert, and Caseley; and the He v. J. Price delivered an interesting lecture, entitled "Hotes of a Mouth's Visit to Melbourne." The proceeds of the anniversary amounted to £40. Than ksgivixg.—The definition of gratitude, that it often means thankfulness for future favours, has been exemplified at Gambierton, where special thankpyiviiig services have been held, though the South-Eastern harvest has scarcely commenced. Fiiu: KKAR Cr.AiiE —A fire tcok place recently at a cottage in Doncybrook, inhabited by William had gone home to be confined, and whiist Mrs. Gray had gone into another room, the curtain of the window ignited and set five to the roof, which iieing of thatch and dry, was sooa in a con* flagration. The neighbours promptly attended, and the p-'or woman was got out to the next j house. Yery little of the building was saved, but most of the furniture and clothing was got out. : The rnea must have worked well to have succeeded as they which were of timber. The Resignation of Db. Rees.—It was in. timated on Wednesday by telegram from Adelaide that Dr. llees had resigned his appointment in connection vrith the Hospital there. We understand that it is the intention of Dr. Eees to attend the examination to be held in the February term at the Melbourne University for the degree of M.D. He intends to visit England afterwards for 12 months, and thus lias deemed it right to intimate to the Board of Adelaide Hospital that he will be under the necessity of resigning his appointment of House ciurgeou at the eud of February nest.— Argus. The Fes. Archdeacox Twopeny.—We (Mouat Gambicr Standard) were misinformed as to the date of the removal of this gentleman to his new sphere of labour. We understand that he will preach at Christ Church on Sunday, the £Jth inst., and leave for Adelaide on or about the 23th. The following appears in the Border Watch as a telegram from Pcnola: —" A most pleasing episode took place to-day (January 15) as evincing the very excellent feelings always existing between the clergy and their congregations in the South-East. The Veil. Arohde.con Twopeny. being about to leave the district, the English Church cougregation of Penola presented to the rev. gentleman a very handsome purse containing twenty (20) sovereigns as a slight mark of their esteem. The amount would have been j»uch larger but for the extraordinary conduct of HOtue person who had been collecting for the same purpose, and who, contrary to promise, had forwarded t!ic amount he collected in Penola to Mount Gambier. Not very complimentary to either the Archdeacon or his congregation here. The rev. gentleman responded to the presentation in a very feeling manner, and evidently regretted leaving so many friends. The absence of our S.M. from the presentation was much remarked and regretted/' The Piiixce Alfred Wisleyax College.— By the Ktsex, SL days out from London, which arrived at Melbourne on Friday, January 15, arrived Mr. Samuel Fiddiau, B.A., Principal of the Princc Alfred Weslcyau College. The duties of this institution commenced on Monday last, when the members of the Committee and Mr. G-. W. Cotton, Secretary, attended at the Pine-street Lecture Hall, which is temporarily set apart for the purposes of the College, in order to receive the boys. The Kevs. Messrs. Patchell and Uigg wiil undertake the superintendence until Mr. Fiddian arrives. The Pi'.iuce Ai.vred 'College.—In accordance with previous announcements, the Prince Alfred College was opened in the Pirie-street Lecture-Hail on Monday morning, January 18, where it will be continued until the College itself is so far completed as to admit of its being trans\x=req-\ fered to its future quarters. Through the non\x=req-\ arriral of Mr. S. Fiddian, B.A., from England, via Melbourne, the Committee appointed the Eevs. G-. W. Patchell and A. Higg to superintend the College du'.ies. Mr. A. Scott, we understand, has been cngagc-d as one of the Junior Masters. Mr. James Ilobin being at present in Adelaide enjoying a vacation from the Melbourne University, has undertaken the duties of Second Master in the College until «he services of another gentleman to act in that capacity have been obtained. The •number of scholars enrolled on Monday morning was 28. Mr. Fiddian is expected to sail from Melbourne on Tuesday by the Aldinga, and therefore will be here probably by the end of the week. New Hull ah Singesg Class.—The eighth Elementary llullah Singing Class in connection with the South Australian Institute will be opened on Monday evening nest, the conductor being Mr. Henry Francis Price. Mr. Price has laboured for several years past in Adelaide, chiefly in connection with the Institute, to foster a taste for vocal music, and to spread a knowledge of the principles of HuUah's system of teaching, and the undisputed abilities of the conductor for the task will, it is to be hoped, induce many to avail themselves of this opportunity of going through a course j of elementary lessons. Supposed Wbeck off Cape NoBTHUMBEBtAHD. —Captain Ritchie, of the barque Celestia, which arrived on Wednesday night from Newcastle\x=req-\ reports that 30 miles off Cape Northumberland he eaw astern two bodies floating, one of a man with black hair, and wearing Wellington boots, the other \- of a woman with a light dress on. He thinks it probable that some vessel has foundered. Semaphore Keg ATTA.-The arrangements for this event for the 6th February are in active progress, • and at a Committe meetinp, to pe held on Friday ■night, it is to be proposed that the prizes stand at similar amounts to those of the late Port Begatta. There are 6everal energetic members of Committee, bat none more so t han W. H. B. of yachting fame- | who has already almost sufficient to pay the firs sailing prize on his own list. : | Mining at the BreiTeb.—The Bremer Mine ] keeps steadily at work, and the S3 end north continues to open up new ground of a payable character. As soon as the rise from the 83 to the S3 is completed, it is expected that a large quantity of payable ground will be available for sloping. With this and the prospect of the 93 level being reached in a couple of months, the number of miners is likely to be considerably increased. Any good practical miners would therefore find steady employment at remunerative rates. Mr. Singleton1 s silver mine is said to be opening very well. Four or five tons of rich antimonial silver ore have been raised, and it is reported to yield 250 ozs. of silver per ton of ore. Mr. Singleton has spent s good amount of money on the property, and deserves the success which residents in the district desire for him. The New South Wales Harvest. —A cone spondent of the MailUand Mercury saysWe have been blessed with a splendid harvest of everything. Providence has done all it can for man. We have now, i believe, one of the heaviest wheat crops ever reaped in New England—everywhere you so is either wheat or hay, and of the latter there is an over-abundance everywhere. Exciting.—In a programme of sports published in the Auckland Evening Jfcics, appears the fol\x=req-\ lowing:—"fiace for Aged Ladies; prize, chest tea, ex Waverly. No walk over. Six entries or no raoe. " Adelaide Punch.1 '—No. 4 of Adelaide Punch contains a cartoon representing the Attorney\x=req-\ General as a woodman, busily engaged in demolishing the volunteer force. He has made the ncision, and is just in the act of driving in the reductions wedge to complete the overthrow, when his arm is arrested by a BIyth in uniform. The likeness of Mr. Strangways, at all events, is excellent. Among the smaller cuts is one representing the Mayor of Adelaide visited in his slumbers by the ghosts of unilluminated lamp-posts, bells on impossibly thin legs, and discharged bobbies with muskets and extraordinary disconsolate looks; over bim stands a coffin, and near his bed a bag, presumably of money, with 15'J per cent, inscribed on it. The number altogether seems a very good one. Railway Traffic.—The traffic on the South Australian Eailways for the week ended January 9 was -.—Port Line—Passengers, 5,437; fares, £231 lis. Sd.; goods, £192 4s. 4d. North Line—Pas\x=req-\ sengers. 2,019; fares, £415 10s. Id.; goods, £1,075 17s.';Sd. Total, £1,915 3s. 9d. The SourH-EAsr Agitation.—On Wednesday night a meeting of the Committee appointed to draw up a programme for a monster meeting to be held for the purpose of bringing the grievances of the district before Parliament, and to appoint a day when such a meeting will be held, took place in the Gamliier West Council Chamber. Present—Messrs. G. D. Wyatt (in the chair), E. H. Derrington, E. B. Mfjsey, (J. Hollo way, and W. \V. Watson; Mr. H. A'U. Bloxam was added to the Committee. The statistics relative to the receipts and expenditure of the district since its foundation had not been received. A Sub- Committee was appointed and authorized to obtain the amount which had accrued from land sales in the district, Port and Customs receipts, and all other sources of rerenue, -from the South-Easteru district, and to call a meeting when prepared with the same. The prorogation of Parliament shortly taking place, it was deemed | advisable that the mouster meeting should remain in abeyance. Mr. Derringion "was empowered to write to Mr. EL iC Hushes to obtain such information as was possible, having reference to the 1 subject matter of the meeting. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the meeting.—Watch. The Poet Adelaide Regatta.—The Committee of the Port Adelaide Regatta met at the Ship Inn on the 14tli for tlie purpose of balancing accounts and paying the prizes. A protest had been entered against Miller, the winuer of the Youth's Pair-oar Race, on the ground that he was over age. Mr. King stated that he had known the youth for several years, and did not believe he was above the age stated. In the absence of any evidence to the contrary, the Committee awarded him the prize. A considerable amount of discussion took place with reference to the Amateur Four\x=req-\ oar liace for the ladies1 bag. Messrs. Stewart aud Brock, on behalf of the Falcon crew, stated that a misunderstanding had occurred in the matter, and that they did not agree that the boats should be handicapped. The Secretary, Starter, and Umpire stated that they were of opinion that the two crews were agreeable to the buats being handicapped. It was ultimately decided by the Committee (both crews agreeing) that the race should be rowed again on Saturday next at 5 o'clock on the same conditions, namely, the Prince Aifred to allow the Falcon 31 seconds. The Secretary stated that the subscriptions would enable the Committee to pay the advertised prizes in full, and after payment of all other expenses leave a small balance in hand. The prizes were then distributed to the winners as follows:—First- class Bailing Race—first prize, Alternative, K. Woolnougli, £::,0: second do., Xanthe. H. Quin, £10. Second-class Race—First prize, Isabella, W. Cristie, £15: second do., Ariel, J. Blauch, £5. Youths' Pair Oars—First prize, Starlight, R. Miller, £4; second do., Lily. <1. Walker, £110s. Ships' Gigs—First prize, Flinders, C. McLadilau, £10: second do., St. .Leonards, Goodsail, £'2 10s. Champion Fours — Prince Alfred, A. Quin {coxswain), £23. Scullers—First prize, J. Blafeey, £7: second, S. Bright, £2 10s. Duck Hunt—W. H. Miller, £3- Open Pairs—TV. F. Clarke and J. Hart, jun,, £10. Sculling over Stern—S. Buck, £2. Married v. Single—Prince Alfred, Gibson and crew, pewter cups. Second Duck Hunt—W. H. fililler, £2. The Port Kegatta—Eace foe the Ladies Bag.—It will be recollected that on the occasion of the Regatta at the Port the amateur four-oared race for the Ladies' Bag did not come off; and the Judges awarded the prize to the crew of the Prince Alfred, which was the only boat which put in an appearance at the time for starting. The prize was, however, disputed by the crew of the Falcon, on the ground that they were in attendance at the time fixed for the start, aud afterwards pulled round the course. The question having been submitted to the Committee it was ultimately agreed by all concerned that the race should be rowed again, and the event accordingly came of}' on Saturday afternoon. The race, as originally advertised, was for amateurs in four-cared inrigged gigs, but owing to some difficulty in procuring more than one of that description of boat, an arrangement was made to admit of outrigged gigs being used subject to handicapping. The Falcon (inrigged) was therefore allowed 34 seconds in competing with the PriiKe Alfred (outrigged.) The crews were as follows: —Falcon—W. McKenzie (bow), T, A. Brock, T. Stuart, W. B. Rayley (stroke), and G. Stevens (cosswain); Prince Alfred—R. Playfair (bow). D. Gibson, W. B, Hopkins, J. Playfair (stroke), and A. Quin (coxswain. The event attracted a considerable number of spectators, and notwithstanding the allowanceof time to the Falcon, the Prince Alfred, owing to her superiority of build, was readily backed at con siderable oilils. lne crew of the latter was also considered to be superior. Mr. H. Quin kindly officiated as starter si:<] judge. The course, said to lie one and a half miles, wasxrom the Government steps round a buoy moored near the red buoy spit and back to the starting- point. Precise'}" at the time appointed—5 o'clock—the boats were in readiness, and a very few minutes sufficed to bring them itito position, When a good start was effected, the Falcon having a slight advantage through having secured the inside place. The crew of the Prince Alfred did not fail into tlie stroke at first, and thus gave their opponents a decided lead, which they maintained for some time, and svhen passing Levi's Wharf were a length and a half ahead. The Prince then began to draw upon them, and gained so much that on reaching the j buoy they had the advantage of half a length, and | in making the turn this was increased to a length. Throughout the return the Prince's crew continued to gain ground; but the Falcon's crew pulled well, ' and reached the winning-post 11 seconds after the Prince Alfred, thus winning the race with 23 scconds to spare. The time occupied by the race v/rs i;} minutes. Mtlitaby CouKT-lLuiTiAL.—A General Court - Martial, consisting of Major Glaucey (President) Captain Eoss, D.A.C.G., Captain Fyler, Captain Clarke, Assistant-Surgeon Owen, Lieui. Fletiry, and Ensign Taunton, was held at the Military Barracks on Saturday, January 16, on Private John Green for desertion, &c.; Lieutenaut Turner acted as Deputy Judge Advocate, and Lieutenant Allardice as prosecutor. The commissions, signed by Major\x=req-\ Greneral Chute, Commander of Hec Majesty's forces in Australia and New Zealand, authorizing Major Glancey to hold the Court, ana appointing Lieutenant Turner Deputy Judge Advocate, and Lieutenant Allardice prosecutor, were read, after which the members of the Court were sworn. The prisoner was then arraigned, the following charges being preferred against him—First, with desertion at Adelaide on the 20th December last; secondly, ! with making away with part of his kit and necessaries; thiidly, with insubordination in using improper and insulting language towards a sergeant, his superior officer; and fourthly, with insubordination in throwing his cap at Ensign Considine, and U3ing threatening language towards liim. The prisoner pleaded guilty to the first charge, and not guilty to the remaining ones. Evidence was then adduced in support of the charges. The witnesses who were examined were Lance-Corporal Miller, Detective I Keegan, Sergeant Buckley, Lance-corporal Smith, Sergeant Keirnan. Sergeant Dougherty, and Ensign Considine. The Court adjourned for three-quarters of an hour to hear the evio'ence in reply. The prisoner subsequentiy uiade a statement denying that he had made away with any of his necessaries. He also eaid that the sergeant could not swear that the language complained of was addressed to hial, as there were several others of bis comrades sear the spot at the time, and that when he threw his cap at .Ensign Considine he did not use threatening words towards him. He called only one witness—Private Brenton. who corroborated the former evidence as to the prisoner throwing his cap at Eusign Considine, although he confirmed the pri\x=req-\ soner^ assertion that the act was not accompanied by threatening language. After a 20 minutes' intermission the Deputy Judge-Advocate summed up. Tlie prosecutor produced a record-book, from which it appeared that the prisoner, who is 32 years of age, enlisted in 1851. since which time he has been four times convicted by court-martial for various offences, forfeiting additional pay, and the pension that would otherwise come to him on his retirement from the service. The Court, after a short delibeiation, found the prisoner guilty; but the sentence, in accordance with the rules of the service, will not be made known until it has been confirmed by Majnr-tteneral Chute, ?riio is at present sn New Zealand. I Accident to the Bev. Me. Goodwin, of ' Mount Baexeb. — The Rev. Mr. Goodwin," Primitive Methodist minister, lias just met with an accident, caused by his horse having bolted, resulting in the almost total destruction of the buggy occupied by the rev. gentleman, who has ' been very Beriously injured by the violent kicking of the horse. Changes at Chbistchcbch, Mount Gambier. —It is understood that the Ven Archdeacon Two\x=req-\ peny willleave Mount Gambier (says the Standard!) about the 22nd or 23rd instant; his successor. Air. W. B. Andrews, being expected to arrive at about the same date. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide, during the week ended Saturday, the ICth of January, wereBirths—19 males, 29 females; deaths—15males, 10 females; total—48 births, 25 deaths. Excess of births. 23. The Nobth Tbain.—The midday train from Gawler to Kapunda was somewhat delayed yesterday afternoon by an accident which oecurred to the engine two miles north of Freeling, one of the small tubes having burst. This train is due at Kapunda at about 2.45, but did not arrive until shortly after 5 o'clock.—Kapunda Herald. The Mount Gambieb Hospital.—It appears we {Border Watch) we re misinformed as to the speedy opening of the Hospital. We now learn that it is not likely to be opened for another month, many of the fittings being yet uncompleted. The delay in the opening of the Hospital is rather incomprehensible. It was almost in as forward a state as now three months ago. W hose fault is it the work is not completed 1 Broken Pole.—On Friday morning as a cab belonging to Mr. Buttle was coming away from the Government Offices, where it had taken His Ex cellency, and when opposite the Clarence, Mr. J. M. Driver, of St. Bernard's, Magill, in a vehicle occupied by himself and a lad, managed to come into collision, the result being that the pole of the cab was broken, but happily no other injury was sustained. It seems that by some means Air. Driver's reins had got crossed, and before he could pui tbem right his horse had run the vehicle into the cab. Cbicket Match.—We have been supplied with the score of a match between the Paradise, and Payneham and Marden Cricket Clubs (date not given). From, this it appears that the Paradise eleven were victors, with six or seven wickets to falL The totals were—Paradise, first innings, 117; second, 14; Payneham and Marden, 42 and 4S. The best scores were as follows:—Paradise, first inuings—Kd. Emery, 25; \V. H. Ind, i); G. Ellis 33\. notour; W. Kiigsmill, 2). Second innings— G. Eliie, 5, not out. Payneham and Marden Club, first innings—1£. Gwynne, 14. Second innings— E. Gwynne, 56, not out; H. Copas, 10. The Ssagboat.—It is interesting to note that at the last meeting of the Marine Board the President intimated, -whilst the subject of the Snagboat was under consideration, that so satisfactorily had she been performing her work under the control of the Board, that masters of Murray steamers had ventured the opinion that the whole of the river was likely to be cleared within six months Truly this is a consummation devoutly to be wished. The Spabeow.—This bird must be exceedingly prolific. On Wednesday morniag considerably over 30 might have been seen disporting themselves in the yard of the Commercial Millj and as they are to be found in various other portions of j district, and only some 29 were enlarged within the last 12 months, it is tolerably clear that the Mount [ is found congenial to their habits and increase,— t Border Watvh. \ AN Istucdeh.—As the watchman in the employ of Messrs. J. Dunn Ac Co., at tbeir Port Mills, was taking his rounds on Sunday afternoon, he met a suspicious-looking individual minus his ■" understandings,"' who, oa being interrogated as to his busiae6S there, said he was merely taking a look rouud the building. The watchman had not the courage to attempt the arrest of the intruder, but left the building to procure assistance, turning the key upon him. He had not, however, proceeded far before he ascertained that his prisoner bad discovered and availed himself of another place of exit, and was making off at the top of his speed. The Pbxxce's Expected Visit.— A correspondent, writing from Tungkiilo, suggests that H.E.H. the Duke of Edinburgh should be invited to visit the Murray at Mannum. lie urges as inducements the beauty of the scenery, and the ample facilities the country presents for kangaroo hunting and opossum shooting. We have no doubt that the settlers in various directions would welcome the Prince among them, and do their utmost to make his visit agreeable to him; but they must remember that His Royal Highnesses stay will be very short, and that no sort of official programme is likely to be made for country trips. The Yictobiax New Eoll of J.P.'s.—We find the following names in the form in which we present them in the new roll of Magistrates to act for the Portland General Sessions District. Some 1 of the gentlemen would require to travel considerable distances, if disposed, to sit on the Portland Bench, and there are indications in the list that our neighbours are not well ^posted up in South Australian changesSamuel Beddotne, Adelaide; Charles Philip Brewer, Guichen Bay; John Stewart Browne, Mount Gambier; George Frederick Dashwood, Adelaide, South Australia; (reorge Hamiltop, J. P., and Commissioner of Police, Adelaide, South Australia; James Oaris\x=req-\ brooke Lyon, Mount Gambler, South Australia; Matthew Moorhouse, Adelaide, South Australia; Kichard Francis Newland, Pore Adelaide, South Australia; Alexander Tolmer, llobe, South Australia: Peter iigerton Warburton (Major), Commissioner of Police. Adelaide, South Australia. The Dabli>"G Couxxet.—The Southern, Argus Wilcaunia correspondent writes on January 7:— " Ihe river rose up to Sunday last 2 feet 10 inches. It has now fallen again about nine inches, and my last advices from Bourke gave no hopes of more water to back it up. It has been sufficient to cleanse the liver a little of weeds, aud that's all. The country is in a wretched state for want of rain. The sheep are all turned out loose on the runs, and dying by hundreds in all directions for want of feed and water. If this state of affairs continues much longer, half the stock on the Darling will die of starvation, for all the back waters are dried up, and on the water frontages tbe;e is not a particle of fee J, so they must perish. I am afraid it will be a very serious thing for many of our squatters, and we all stand atiected in their prosperity more 1 or less. The consequence is that business in Wil\x=req-\ cannia may be reported as at a standstill, and everybody looking cross and gloomy, whilst the weather continues as hot as ever. Retail Dhakss' Assistants' Association.— Ou Monday evening, January IS, the annual meeting of this Society was held in one of White's Rooms, when tbeie was a moderate attendance. Mr. Mitchell occupied the chair. The report read was adopted, and we present it some what condensed: —" The Committee of the Cctail Drapers' Assistants' Association, in presenting their annual report, wish to make a few statements with reference to the condition of the Society, and also its want of success in some of its operations during the past year. It will be remembered that at the last annual meeting it was resolved that the Secretary should wait on Mrs. Hamley, and solicit her co-opsration iu order to obtain the consent of employers to close their establishments at 6 o'clock all the year round. Mrs. Hamley formed the Ladies' Committee, and waited on some of the employers, but without success. In connection with the same movement, so that greater interest mixht be taken, it was decided that a grand soiree should be held, to be carried out by the Committee. Ttie result was i that, through a chain of circumstances it proved a failure, 3s will be seen from the loss which was made, and perhaps one of the strongest reasons why it was so was the want of sympathy displayed by many of the assistants. Your Committee, in referring to the financial state of affairs, wish to state that according to the number of assistants there are, our Society ought to be better supported tlian it is. We find there are 130 in the trade, and if each gave 1 s. per quarter we should have annually I from them the sum of £26; but instead of such I being the case our total proceeds from members amount to the small sum of £9 3s. It will at once then be seen that one of the reasons why the Society has not proved successful has been the want of support from its members. There aie scores who do hot contribute one penny towards the working of the Society. They receive the same benefit asthose who do, and yet they will not aid the movement. The total liabilities when the present Committee took office were £2 15s. 6d., and added to this there was the cost of the soiree—advertising, printing bills, programmes, &c.;—which brings the total ! expenditure to .£3918s.; against this we have the proceeds of soiree, £1619s.; a balance from last 1 year, £1 18s. 6d.; and the amount of quarterly subscriptions from members, £9 3s.—making the sum of £28 Os. 6d. Present liabilities, £1117s. 6d. If the 130 members had paid their subscriptions we should have a balance in favour of the Association. The actual loss on the soiree alone was £12 Is. \ our Committee would wish to press upon the attention of the assistants, that as sore as the Society is allowed to lapse through want of I support, so sure shall we lose thoEe holidays ' which have cost so much to procure; therefore it becomes each, one to attend its meetings, to i sympathize in its movements, and to contribute J towards its support. In conclusion, your Com- ] mittee beg to thank those gentlemen who have | stood by the Society in the past, and would express ! a hope that the Association will be more successful in its operations during the present year." A vote of thanks was tendered to Messrs. Robin and Birks for their kinkness in providing a Committee-room during the past year. The following were elected to serve on the new Committee:— Chairman, Mr. C. T. Lovell; Treasurer, Mr. J. J. Lafikn; Hon. Secretary, Mr. A. H. Mumme; and Messrs. Short. Pearson, Pearce, and Pepper. It was resolved, that the usual annual subscription of 4s. should for the present year be paid in advance, and not in quarterly instalments, as heretofore, in order that accounts might be immediately settled. The subject of early closing was discussed: but no resolutions on the subject were arrived at. The proceedings then closed in the usual manner. The Land Bill.—The Waste Lands Bill lias passed the Legislative CounciL The Gulnare.—We believe that the sum to be paid by the Government for the Gulnare is £1,700. This is a hundred or two less than the cost of the Sea Ripple. The Stockade Enquiry.—Mr. John Williams has been appointed a jnember of the Commission of Enquiry into the alleged ill-treatment of prisoners at the Stockade. The names of the Commissioners are—Dr. Moore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Beddome, and Mr. Williams. The Torrens Dam Committee.—The Torrens Dam Committee was to have held a meeting on Monday, January IS, at the Mayor's Boom. Messrs. A.Wight, 1). Gall, and the Secretary (Mr. F. & Bucknall) were in attendance^ but through a quorum not being obtained the meeting had to be postponed. The Mingbool Land.—The Border Watch understands that " a movement is on foot for getting the land in the Hundred of Mingbool included in one of the proposed agricultural areas or declared a separate area. Unless this is acceded to, the land will be offered for sale by auction at Mount Gambier immediately after the coming into operation of the new Land Bill.'" The Almanda.—Mr. Bailey, lately Manager of the Pioneer Silver Mine at St. Arnaud, in this colony, who recently paid a visit of inspection to the mining properties in the neighbourhood of Scott's Creek, South Australia, returned to Adelaide last week. Mr. Bailey will take the manage ment of several new silver mines near the Almanda. A quantity of machinery followed him by succeeding steamers for these silver mines.— Argus. The Victoria Mill, Mount Gambier.—These fine premises, which are well known as the property of Dr. Webl, were submitted to auction by Mr. H. E. Wells, at McKay's Hotel. The hammer fell at £2,300, at which price Mr. William Wehl was declared the purchaser.—Standard. The Ministry op Victoria.—A rumour, says the Argus, was very current on Wednesday afternoon to the effect that in consequence of a disagreement in the Cabinet Messrs. Jones and Vale had resigned the offices respectively held by them. There may have been some misunderstanding between the members of the Ministry, but we are authorized to state that there is no truth the report referred to. Sooth-Eastern Wool Export.—It is grati\x=req-\ frying to know that the export of wool via Port MacDonnell has this season already exceeded 6,000 bales.—Standard. Pbice of Wheat at Poet MacDonnell.— Mr. H. E. Wells reports the 6aie of 400 bushels of new wheat, to be delivered at MacDonnell Bay, at 4s. per bushel, to a cash buyer. Where .Next?—Our late distinguished visitor, Mr. Hichens Gedye, has been honouring Hamilton with his presence, lecturing on Plirenology. From the local correspondent of the Western Times it appears that he left somewhat suddenly. He has done this sort of thing before. Jclia Percy Island Guano.—Mr. T. Anderson, j of Portland, says the Guardian, has recently taken out a Government licence, authorizing the removal of guano from the Julia Percy Island, and we understand that operations will be commenced at once. An enterprise of this kind, involving as it does increased employment of labour, deserves success. Queensland Cotton Crop.—The Queensland Times says:—"As the whole of last season's Ipswich cotton crop has now been shipped, we "have to place on record that the p-oduce of this district for 1S57-S was 4,227 bales, weighing net 1,297,923 lbs. of clean cotton." SogaH Manufacture.—The quantity of sugar manufactured at the Alexandra Works up to the present time amounts (says the Queensland Hackay Mercury) to 80 tons; and since operaiions have commenced in the turn-making department of the factory 3.0U0 gallons of spirits have been distilled. Clean Youb Wheat.—The Standard writes "The character of the Mount Gambler wheat suffered last year very considerably from the careless manner in which it was sent to market. We hope that this will act as a caution to our farmers, and that they will see that it is to their own personal interest to take especial care in cleaning the bulk, so that it shall in all cases realize the highest market price. Northern Crops.—From Marrabel on January 15 our letter says:—"The harvest operations wil soou be completed, and this week the reaping machine will retire to rest for another year. .From the accounts I have received the harvest has been very good, and the estimate I gave you has I think been more than reached. Better grain surely could not be desired. It is splendidly filled out. I have seen larger grain, but never better quality. What reaches England from this district will command a good price. Trade has been rather dull of late; but when the wheat comes in there will be more money circulating, and business will brighten up. The weather has been changeable-one day very hot, the next delightfully cool, perhaps with rain, much against the wishes of the farmers." Case of Church Breaking.—Early on Friday morning the person who has charge of the Stow ! Church, Flinders-street, was informed that one of I the doors was found wide open, with the portion j of the lock into which the bolt fastens wrenched j off. On an examination of the building nothing i was missing, so that it is to be presumed something j alarmed the depredator so as to prevent him ! accomplishing his purpose; unless, as can hardly be imagined, the door was forced out of sheer mischief. j Severe Accident to a Little Child.—On I Friday evening a child two years old, belonging to i Mr. Jocey, storekeeper, of Angas-street, was playing ; in an enclosure at the back of the house, where a : horse belonging to Mr. Waterman was feeding, j The child approaching too close, the horse kicked j him in the face, cutting the face from the eye to | the mouth, and breaking the jawbone. The child ! was immediately attended by Dr. Spicer, who sewed up and dressed the wound. Upon enquiry I this morning, it was ascertained that the child was I progressing favourably. j Fatal Accedent at Currency Creek —The j Southern Argus reports that an accident, which I terminated fatally, occurred at Currency Creek township on Monday evening last. The deceased, named Frank Johnstone (who had been a considerable time in the employ of Mr. D. T. Jones | as shepherd), had recently purchased a horse, which lie had ridden to the Creek to drink, and on I returning from the bridge to the hotel, galloped furiously up against the comer-post of the newly\x=req-\ fenced enclosure opposite the Post-Office, and I against which he was thrown with great violence. I The injuries sustained were chiefly confined to the head, and from which immediately afterwards a I profuse hoemorrhage proceeded from the mouth and j ears. Several people were witnesses of the acci\x=req-\ j dent, and immediately conveyed deceased to the I hotel, where every attention was bestowed, and, | after lingering some hours, he died early next : morning. During the day an inquest was held j before Mr. Laurie, S.M., and arespectable Jury, of l whom Mr. K. Sunman was chosen Foreman. The ! evidence of the witnesses clearly pointed to the i accidental character of the death, and a verdict was given accordingly. Doke op EddvBOegh Ka.ce Meeting. —A meeting of the Central Committee for carrying out the proposed race meeting on the Old Adelaide Course in honour of the expected visit of His fioyal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, was held at the Globe Hotel on Saturday morning, the 16th January. There were present Sir | J. £L Fisher (in the chair), the Hons. J. Morphett, J. Baker, Messrs. W. K. Simms, M .P., E. M. Bagot, J. Formby. J. Harvey, J. H, Parr, C. Main, P. Levi, H. C. Gleeson, J. Darwent, J. Chambers, Dr. Bath a and others. It was moved by Mr. Simms, seconded by the Hon. J. Baker, and carried, " That it is desirable to have a day's Tacing on the Old' Adelaide Course, in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh's visit." A programme of seven races was laid before the Committee, and after several amendments, proposed by Dr. Bathe, had been ! agreed to, one of them being the introduction of a j novel Xriai Bace for horses that have never started for any advertised race, the list was adopted, on the motion of Air. Simms, seconded by Mr. Parr. A number of gentlemen were added ] to the Committee, and the question of a race ball having been deferred to a future meeting, the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Liability fob Grass Ignited bt Locomotives. —It may be remembered (says the Bunyip) that one of the first fires this season caused by the locomotive iunited the grass in a paddock between Salisbury and Dry Creek, the property of Mr. Barnet, sen. An application was made to the Government for compensation, we believe, to the amount of £20. In that case the reply was made that the charge was too high; but this implied an acknowledgment of liability. A few weeks since a similar application was made by Mr. Edward Lane, for Mr. Duffield, for the sum of £2B 4s. 6d. for grass and fences destroyed. The following reply lias just been received:—"Public Works Office, Adelaide, I2th January, 1869. Sir— With reference to your claim of £28 4s. 6d. for damage done tc grass paddock through fire from the engines burning the feed on the 9th, 10th, and 11th ult., I am directed by the Commissioner to inform yoa that, as no negligence has been shown by the Bail way authorities, but, on the contrary, every possible precaution taken to prevent damage from sparks from the engines, the Commissioner is advised that the Government are not liable.—I have. &c;„ M. Dutton, Secretary." We believe other claims have arisen, and we expect one at least of the eases will be tried in Court to establish the principle. If we mistake not the Government have paid compensation in similar cases. If the railways be- ' longed to private Companies instead of the 1 Government, there would not be the slightest { doubt about their liability, and they would generally | be made to pay pretty heavy damages in case of ■ accidents. Sib James Feegcsson's Brother.—The Times : of December 4, in iis list of members elected to the new House of Commons, thus gives the name of Sir James Fergusson's brother:—Oabrmple.(Bute\x=req-\ shire). Mr. Charles Dalrymple, of Hailes. the new Conservative member for Buteshire, is the second son of the late Sir C. Dalrymple Fergusson, and took tbe name of Dalrymple on succeeding to the estate of Hailes. He is next brother of Sir James Fergusson, late M.P. for Ayrshire, and now Governor of South Australia. He was born ur 1839\. and was educated at Harrow and at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he took his B. A degree in honours in lb6& He has been called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn, and goes tbe Northern Circuit; and is also a Deputy- Lieutenant for Haddington\x=req-\ shire, and Captain in the Prince Kegent's iiegi\x=req-\ meut ot Ayr and Wigton Militia. Costs be Amotion of- Mb. Justice Eoothbt. —The following is a return to an order of the Legislative Council giving particulars of the expenditure of £500 paid to Mr. Way on 3ist December, 1867, on account, stating also by what authority such amount was paid:—'"The total amount of Mr. Way's costs in re the amotion of Mr. Justice Boothby, up to April 25th, I§68, was £2,0713s. 7d.' This Bill was referred for taction to the Crown Solicitor, who allowed the sum of £2,0412s. 7d. An overpayment of £10 to Mr. H. L. Galbraith was deducted, and on the 22nd July! 1668, £2,0312s. 7d.„ less a previous advance of £500 was paid to Mr. Way's cashier, by order of Mr.' Way. On the 31st December, 1867, £500 was paid to Mr. Way on account of costs re amotion of Mr. Justice boothby. This amount was at first, as above stated, deducted from the amount of £2,031 2s. 7d., but afterwards, on Mr. Way representing that he had transmitted the sum of £500 to his London agents in December, 1867, and had paid £5 premium on such remittance, a further sum of £50o was, on the 4th August, 1868, paid to Mr. Way's cashier, making the total amount actually paid to Mr. \Vay to this date, in re the amotion of Mr. Justice Boothby, £2.536 2s. 7d. Further sums are etill due to Mr. Way, but the amounts are not yet known. The payment of these amounts was approved by the then Attorney\x=req-\ tieneral, the Hon. E. B. Andrews." This return was called for by the Hon. Mr. Baker, but its scanty details were not sufficient to appease the hon. members thirst for information. Further particulars have been demanded, and we believe the bill of costs is to be laid before the Council for the perusal of its members. Police and Cbijiinai. LocalCobbt Statistics. —The following is a return of the number of cases heard in the Po-ice Court, Adelaide, during the ' year 1868Summary jurisdiction—Convictions, 2,068: dismissals, 288; withdrawn, 264; total, 2.620. Preliminary investigations—Committed toSupreme Court, 107; to Local Cour t, 30; dismissed, 69; total, 206\. Local Court (Criminal)—Convicted. £7; dismissed, 4; o al, 1. Total cases heard, 2.857. Sooth Atjstbalian Wine in London.—The following is an extract from a London letter just received by a mercantile firm here" Mr. Auld has established himself at the back of the Mansion\x=req-\ House, in a nice little cellar, and 1 must say that he has got such wine as I never tasted, especially the light. It i§ worth any figure he likes to ask. and I am sure the best Continental- made cannot be better if at all equal. He will sell all the light at once, and if he continues to import such quality as he has now its success is perfectly certain. His son must be very careful iu getting up the wines, especially about the cleanliness of casks, &c.; The wine now here, so far as I have tested, is entirely free from all earthy or disagreeable taste, and is like a bunch of flowers for fragrance. His fortune is made if lie keeps such quality." Judgments.—The Full Court sat on Tuesday January 19, for the purpose of delivering judgments in the remainder of the cases tfhich had stood over for that purpose. In Smith v. Bowman and Palmer v. Heggie the rules were discharged. In the case of Cherry v. National Bank (Mr. Justice Wearing taking no part, and the remaining two members of the Court being of different opinions) the rule to set aside the nonsuit dropped. In the special case of theYelta Mining Company v. Assessor of Police Kate (Moonta) the Court decided in favour of the Assessor, that the mine was liable to be rated as other property in the district. The Court adjourned till the beginning of next term. Eechabixe Festival.—On Monday evening, January IS, the brethren of the Southern Star Tent, of the South Australian District, sat down to a repast provided in Jones's Room, Wakcfield\x=req-\ street. The gathering was for the purpose of welcoming Air. E. L. Bedggood, a member of the Victorian District of Eechabites, who is at present on a visit to this colony. The chair was occupied by Mr. Jas. Hosking, and the vice-chair by Mr. J. M. Powie. After refreshments, the meeting was opened by the Chairman and "Vice, when Brother Khodes, in a few complimentary remarks, introduced the guest to the assemblage, who received him with applause. Mr. Bedggood, in returning thanks for the kind welcome accorded, sa.'d that the District which he represented had 1,786 members and 58 Tents two years ago. Now the number had increased to over 3,COO, and they had Tents, w ith a JFuneral Fund of over £4,000. lie alluded to the labours of Mr. ftlathew Burnett^ who had enrolled between 4,000 and 5,000 members in 16 weeks. He further stated that through that gentleman's exertions over 8,000 persons had signed the pledge in Geelong and Ballarat. lie concluded by giving several instances of the good done by the temperance cause. Brother Maley proposed the S.A. District. Brother D.S. Alcock, in responding, stated that the number of members on the District roll was 8i9, and the amouut of funds £3,700 4s. 9d. In the Southern Star Tent 23 had been initiated during the past year, and there were 119 members on the roll. The funds amounted to £49216s. lOd. The remaining sentiments disposed of were the Victorian District, the Southern Star Tent, and the r'ress, after which the meeting, which had been enlivened with singing and recitations, closed. The Ixstitute.—A correspondent calls attention to the filthy state of a small recess at the back part of the Institute wall, near the entrance to the Destitute Asylum. It is certainly a disgrace to whatever person (he supposes the Sanitary Inspector) whose duty it is to look after such matters. We presume it is within the power of the Governors of the Institute to close the place up altogether, and this they had far better do tliau suffer it to remain in its present condition. The Galatea, at Madeira.—Our Cape news (.via Galle) contains au intimation of the arrival of the Galatea at Madeira, all well, on the 14th November. The Gossamer —The agents for the Gossamer, inform us that they have received no iotimatioa of her being wrecked in the Channel. Our special telegram is, however, confirmed by a private one, to which reference is made elsewhere. "Wheat foe England.—London wheat buyers in their letters by the present mail have reduced their limits about 61L per bushel. This is the more unfortuuate, as freights have been fully 20 per cent, higher than in former years. We hear, however, that they are already falling, first-class vessels being open at 55s. per ton. The Inorteern Territory Attachment. - The Government have received a telegram from the Agent-General, dated December 17, notifying; that the attachment cut of the Lord Mayor's Court issued at the suit of the Northern Territory Com pany has been dissolved. The New Governor,— "We hear on reliable authority that Sir James Fergusson will not come to Adelaide by the next mail, but will so on to Melbourne to spend a week or two with the Governor of Victoria. It is not even absolutely known whether Sir James will come on from India by the next oceau steamer. At all events His Excellency is not likely to arrive in this colony till March. Mb. W. J. Browne.—"We have seen a letter from Mr. W. J. Browne to a friend here, in which he says that he is preparing to leave London for Adelaide by the January mail. He may therefore be expected next month. The Rev. J. Jefferis.—A rumour obtained currency on Tuesday that the Eev. J. Jefferis was among the sufferers by the wreck of the Gossamer bound from London to Adelaide. We are happy to contradict this on the authority of a telegram received by Messrs. G. & E. Wills and Co. from their head partner in London. The Eev. J. Jefferis had taken his passage by the Gossamer, but, through some accidental circumstance, was prevented joining her, and thus happily escaped the catastrophe. The Late Accident at Gumebacha.— Mr. Menglesdorf, of North Gumeracha, the accident to whom we lately reported, has been successfully treated byDr. Wilkinson, and is now considered out of da^srer. MR. ANTHONY FORSTER.—Private letters from London lead us to think it not unlikely that Mr. Anthony Forster may arrive here by the next mail or the next but one. The Mining Companies and Police Rates.— The Supreme Court, by a judgment delivered on Tuesday in the case of the Yelta Mining Company v. Assessor of Police Rate (Moonta), decided that mining properties are liable to be rated the same as other property. This will settle several appeals which have been made against assessments on various mines. The Waste Lands Act (1857) Amendment Bill.—We have been requested to correct an error in the report of a speech of the Hon. J. H. Barrow on Monday, January I8, with regard to the Bill. He is reported to have said that "three days would be quite sufficient" to enable a squatter to obtain and furnish information with regard to sheep travelling on his run. The last word of the sentence should be "insufficient." Accident.—On Tuesday, January 19, as Mr. Culver, of Darlington, was exercising a young horse harnessed to a cart, at the back of the Flagstaff Hotel, South- road, the horse backed the cart over a bridge, broke the shafts, and was killed. Mr. Culver, who escaped unhurt, attributes the accident to the neglect of the District Council in not putting wheel-guards to the bridge. "VVesteex AcsraALiA.—Ve learn from the Parti Inquirer that in the northern districts the red rust has completely destroyed the wheat crops. About 12,000 acres' bad been reaped, which only yielded in the aggregate 10,000 bushels-^-an average of less than one bushel to the acre.. The new\x=req-\ Governor. sir Benjamin Fine, is expected to arrive by the next mail steamer.. The P. & O. Company.—We believe it- is the. intention of the P. & O. Company to transfer most of the officers on the Australian line to other branches of the service. Some of these changes have been already made, and others will speedily ■ follow. The office of purser will at the same time be abolished, the duties being transferred to a "steward in charge," who will belong to a lower grade in the service. | Accident in Rcndle-stbeet.—On Wednesday ; morning, January 20, an accident occurred which resulted in the death of a valuable horse. Mr. j Anderson, Manager of the Gas Company, was i riding westwards along Bundle- street. between the kerbstone and an omnibus which had just started for Norwood —a dray being on the other side of the road—when his horse was run into by a spring-cart belonging to Mrs. Pitt, and driven by a man named Taylor. One of the shafts entered the horse's chest to the depth of aboat 15 inches severing i the windpipe, but Mr. Anderson escaped injury by jumping into the gutter. The horse was attended to, but as it was evident that he would soon bleed to death he was killed. Blame is only attachable, we are informed, to the driver of the dray. Fobgery.—At the Angaston Police Court on Tuesday, January 19, Paul Max Bedslop, alias Paul M&ttie;, was committed for trial by Mr. K. Keynes, J. P.. on a charge ef altering a cheque signed by Mr. J. H. Angas from £1 10s. to £S 10s. The forgery was sufficiently well executed to have ' passed muster at the Branch National Bank, J where it was changed for the person to whom the prisoner bad paid it. ] Moorings at Pout MacDonnell. — The Flinders has been engaged for some days in ( putting to rights the moorings at MacDonnell Bay, which, as appeared recently by our telegram from there, had gone adrift. Columnar Basalt.—A specimen of this kind of basaltic formation has been sent to the office of this paper from Itlawadna, 300 miles north-east from Port Augusta. In the horizontal fracture it has some appearance of coal, but the specific gravity is much greater than that of any known production of this kind, English or foreign. The Giant's Causeway, in Ireland, or the Island of Staffa, in Scotland, might probably furnish specimens similar to the one brought fromUlawadna. Streaky Bay Court.—A petition to the House of Assembly has been prepared and signed, setting forth the loss and inconvenience sustained by the inhabitants of the Streaky Bay District from the want of any Court having civil jurisdiction nearer than Port Lincoln, a distance of 200 miles from the township, and nearly double that distance from Fowler's Bay. EirrcBATioi.- to Queekslakd.—It is stated by the Home News that the Emigration Agent for Queensland has received instructions to renew the granting of assisted passage certificates. These are by the Queensland regulations restricted to i shepherds, ploughmen, skilled and agricultural j labourers, mechanics, and other eligible persons. Free passages are granted to female domestic servants of good character. .No Smokesg Allowed.—Passengers by the ] Victorian railways are not to be permitted, as formerly, reports the Argus, to indulge in smoking ! when no travelling companion objected, as the Commissioner has just issued fresh instructions to all the employes on the line that smoking is to be strictly prohibited, except in the compartment allotted for that purpose. Vxan's Mabdte Composition.—A discovery has been made by Messrs. Vian & Co., of Marseilles, in their Patent Ferro-Manganesic Composition, which, it is asserted, possesses valuable properties. It is scarcely necessary to state to any person conversant with shipping matters that a serious item of a shipowner's expenditure is the constantly recurring fouling of ships' bottoms, involving frequent dry docking and cleansing, with corresponding delay and expense, besides an evil of still greater importance—the material diminution of the speed of tlie vessel at sea. For years past the ship-building science has been directed to the discovery of some contrivance which should prevent or deciease this fouling, but until a very recent period with but little success. The compositions which, previous to M. Vian's discovery, have been accepted as the best are red lead paint, and the mixtures of Messrs. Peacock & Buchan, and Mr, Mclnnef, which up to the present time are most generally u-ed for first-class shipping. The composition of M. Vian was first discovered by him in 1861, since which time, however, it has undergone considerable improvements. Its use has gained ground in France, and within a more recent period it has been extensively used in England also. Messrs. Bazin & Co. gave it a trial in 1861, and have ever since used it, to the exclusion of all other compositions for the same purpose. It has been tried, and is becoming more extensively adopted in the Messageries Imperiales and in the French Imperial navy, and it has lately been used with the most perfect success in the case of several ships belonging to tbe Peninsula and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. The Kelpie, a small steamer of this Company, was first coated by way of experiment, and the result being eminently satisfactory, the composition was applied to a larger vessel, the Massillia, of 1,900 tons, in March, 1S56. This vessel was exam sued in August, 1837, and her bottom was then found so clean that it was unnecessary to renew the coating, and the ship remained afloat without cleansing until January 23,1S6S—over a period of 22 months—when her bottom was still found smooth and free from corrosion, though the naint bad here and there peeled off.—Standard, October 2S, ISgS. Bullet-Pboof Cloth.—We (United Seri-ice Gazette) hear of a perfectly flexible clotb, which is said, to be absolutely impenetrable to bullets. We have not yet seen the article, but are disposed to think that, though the bullet may not be able to get inside the cloth, broken bones and other consequences of a bullet-wound will. In our young days we remember that broadcloth was quite impervious to the bodily substance of the rattan; but we had proof positive that it admitted a very large amount of its most disagreeable properties. Though the schoolboy's armour may not be penetrated by the cane, he quickly becomes aware that something "awfully disgusting"' has got inside. The Victorian Lajsd Laws.—The Argus informs its readers that " One of the subjects now under the earnest discussion of the Cabinet at its frequent meetings is the proposed alterations in the Land Law. The action to be taken is, it is stated, to be based 011 a desire to harmonise the conditions of the I2th and 42nd clauses in relation to selection and the rates to be paid as rental. Calculations of an elaborate bind are being made by the officers in the Lands Department, and some important amendments in the existing Acts may be expected." We observe that the same paper ha commenced the publication of a series of articles upon the operations of the 42nd clause. South Australian Advices in "The Times. ' —The following is the digest of the South Australian news of October 14, given by the City Editor of the Times:—"The dates from South Australia by the present mail are to the 14th of October. The crops had a splendid appearance. There vras also a prospect of a good clip of wool, and shipments had commenced at the outports. The land question, judging from the articles in the various journals, seemed in an almost chaotic condition from the number of political 'crises,' as well as from the variety of * schemes' constantly put forth without any decision having been yet arrived at either by Government or Legislature. The Northern Territory Bill had not passed the Council, and nothing had transpired as to future intentions. Tenders had been received for the survey, but they had not been made public. Gold-mining was on the increase. At Jupiter Creek a nugjret weighing over a pound had been found four feet from the surface, and several hundred men were at work there. At Yatta Creek and Barossa West further discoveries liad been made, and 960 licences granted. Still it was an impression in many quarters that the gold workings will not prove remunerative.to a greater extent than other and ordinary labour, and that the general prospects of the colony will be little altered. All other mining was likewise more active than usual. Most favourable reports come from the older mines. The Biirra Burra is to be worked on the 'quarrying5 principle; the.Moonta and Wallaroo are yielding profitable results; the Almanda Mine had yielded 1,200 ounces of silver, which had been shipped to England, but the shares had ceased to afford room for speculation. The Yudanamutana telegram continued to be severely commented on by the Adelaide journals as a shameful ruse on the London Stock Exchange Wheat was 5s. 3d. per bushel; flour, JE14 to £15 per too. The Banks sold drafts on London, at 60 days' sight, at 1 per cent, premium, and were purchasers at 1 per cent, discount." Nabbovt Escape at Gawleb.—The Bunyip reports that " on .Friday a colt was being 'handled' at Mr. Pile's, and had a long rope attached to his neck. The gardener, who was assisting, was asked to hold the rope while the rough rider got something he wanted from the stable. While he was gone the colt began to plunge, and the gardener could not bold him. The animal dragged the rope through his hands, and he was forced to let go, but as the colt gallopped off the end of the rope twisted round the man's leg, and he was dragged for 60 yards along the ground at a terrible speed, sustaining a good deal of scratching and bruising, but fortunately no serious injury. Probably what saved Abe man's life was the fact of the horse dashing against a tree'With such force as to throw himself down, otherwise the man would most likely have come into contact with the tree, and been very seriously injured, if not killed." The Legislative Council.—Mr. Duryeahas just completed his photographic album, containing the portraits of the IS present members of the Legislative Council, with a brief biographical sketch of each member. The photographs are on toned paper, 11 inches by 81 inches, extremely life-like and distinct. The album, -which is doable foolscap in size, is bound in half morocco, with gilt lettering, and will form a handsome appendage to the drawing-room or library table. The Chief Jpsxbde.—We. understand thai His Honor the Chief Justice will probably leave by the next mail steamer on his visit to England. Beceot Fatal Accideht at Mookta.—Mr. T Penhatl, of Moonta, lias called at our office to requegtna to state that the little boy Dennis, upon whom the inquest was held at Moonta on theSih instn did not fall into the open , tank attached to his premises,'but into a wooden box or tank under his kitchea-wiudow, which is abundantly protected. Before the child could fall in he muBthave climbed up the side of the box, and therefore, he considers tbe strictures of the Jury upon *■"" lmrHly justified by the facts, Dahtardly act of Ikcendiabxsm at Mount Babksb.—The residents of uawier-street, Mount Barker, were rather startled on the motming of Wednesday, the 20th, to find that they had had a narrow escape during the night, some scoundrel having poured kerosine tinder tbe office door .of Messrs. Cornelius & Stone, agents and bill brokers, and ignited it. Fortunately the floor was stringfbark, and no damage was done beyond tbe burning of a portion of the door. The only reason to be assigned for the act wonld be a desire to burn papers, but such hopes would be disappointed, as all papers and securities for money are placed entirely beyond reach of destruction every night before closing. There are few punishments which would be too severe to inflict upon the villain, whoever he is, who could make the attempt above reported to us. for had the fire spread it is impossible to estimate the amount of loss to property and life whichjmightjhave resulted, as the premises are by no means isolated, bnt in the very heart of the business portion of the town. Vessels fob the jnobthern Tebbitoby.— We find, from a return submitted to the House of Assembly, that 31vessels in all have been offered to the Government for the service of the Northern Territory, and with respect to the tonnage, description, and selling price of these there is a charming variety. The capacities graduate from 1,250 to four or five tons, the descriptions embrace almost all known kinds of steaming and sailing craft, and the estimated values range from £25.000 to £160. The Sea Kipple was the tender of H. A. Coffey, of Melbourne, the price asked being £1,675, without copper, and £200 more if Che coppering was attended to. The Government paid the highest alternative price, £1,875. The Gulnare, a schooner of 131 tons, wis offered at £1,500. Gold and Silver at Sellick's Bill. -Some trials made on a section not far from the township of Sellick's Hill have brought out the fact that stone containing both gold and silver may be obtained. Some pieces of surface stone have been assayed by Mr. James, of Adelaide, and the presence of gold and silver is unmistakable. The pieces picked out by visitors .have not yet shown a payable percentage, bat a shaft is now being sunk, and favourable reports are expected. Some good silver-lead specimens have also been found on another property, and in fact there can be no doubt that the mineral resources of the neighbourhood are very important if they were a little further developed. Bevenue fbom South-Eastebn Land Salfs. —The Hon. Thomas Beynolds and the South\x=req-\ Easterns are both engaged in seeking information as to the amounts derived from and expended in the South-Eastern District; but with the expectation of arriving at very different results. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has produced a first instalment of the information sought by the two parties in the shape of a return showing the receipts from land sales in the territory beyond the Murray. The first gives the sales in the Hundreds of Grey and Kobe, distinguishing the contributions of each hundred. The totals are as underGrey, 36S,5?3i acres, sold for £447,000 10a.; Kobe, 123,722 acres, sold for £136,917183. Total, 492,3t)5£ acres; value, £553,948 8s. The second table gives the amount realizsci from the sales of Crown lands in the dual District Council of Mount Gambler. The figures are as under:—East Gambier, 49,887 acres; amount, £62,681 10s.; West Gambier, 36,491 acres; amount, .£57,266 5s. Total, 86,378; amount, £119,947 15s. Gigantic Fossils.—The Newcastle Chronicle says"Mr. Robert Breckenridge, timber merchant and auctioneer, of this city, brought to this office for our inspection a portion of some huge fossil remains, recently discovered by his brother at Kiama, in the shape of a bone some two feet aud a half in length, by about 16 or 18 inches in circumference. It was found by Mr. Breckenridge's brother under a fig-tree, supposed to be at least 200 years old. Not being well up in the science of anatomy we cannot pretend to say with precision what this bone is, but it appears to us to be the lower joint of the leg of some colossal quadruped of the elephant species, long since defunct The bone, which is a good deal bleached and partially petrified, is in a fair state of preservation, and evidently beloDged to an animal which must hare stood from 14 to 16 feet in height. The fossil was shown to several people before leaving Kiama, hut no one there was able to form any opinion as to the genus or name of the animal of which this extraordinary bone once formed a part." Pgbt Augusta Boiling-Down "Wobks.—The boiling-down works atiPort Augusta are going on in style, and yielding capital returns of tallow. It is understood to be the intention, of the proprietor to commence meat- preserving in a short time—a step which will be beneficial to many. The Cbops ojt the Bkemes.—The farmers on the Bremer now busy cleaning up their wheat and carting. Most of those near CaUington are storing, and do not Eeem disposed to take present rates. The grain is generally first-class, being plump and well filled, though not quite so heavy per acre as was first expected. Still, all seem to have a fair crop. The new land to the east of the Bremer Range is turning out remarkably well. Borne of the scrub lessees have also good crops, and the land cleared and broken up is looking very promising. A Gloomy Picture.—A correspondent of the Western Post writes" A trip down the Castle\x=req-\ reagh .River now, to one who has not visited it for 10 years, is really appalling. Then it was wonderful to behold the richness of the vegetation that everywhere abounded; but now it must be really seen to appreciate the terrible effects of the drought, and the sufferings and losses to run\x=req-\ holders attendant thereon. From Mundooran to Coonamble it is one unbroken desert waste; how sheep and cattle live at all seems a wonder even to their owners. On either side of the road, as far as the eye can reach, there is no more feed than is to be found on a metalled road, and yet thousands of travelling sheep are constantly moving up and down, tbeir tracks being marked by hundreds of stragglers and dead. I saw literally no cattle until I got to Gelargambone, at which place the whips were going constantly until long after midnight, there being some 200 head of cattle at the troughs, and it is astonishing the number of gallons a thirsty beast can drink. Gelargambone is a capital place to reach, after traversing the arid plains about Armatree. A first-class hotel, well kept, is here, and the writer enjoyed agood Christmas dinner with Host Skewiiiorpe, with the thermometer at 122° in the shade. Christmas Eve exceeded in its intense heat anything I ever felt before, and the clouds of impalpable black dust that accompanied the hot winds rendered it almost horrible. Hear Ulundry I was informed the duststorms were so heavy as to darken the air. One old friend seriously informed me he thought it was the last day." A Cool Reception.—We (Argus) observe that a new journal has entered the field, under the name of the Victorian Mcdical Gazette. Our impression, from a pretty close examination of the first number of the new candidate for public favour, is that it will be much more amusing than instructive. It is a satire on the medical men of the city that a publication so ridiculous should pietend to the character of a journal of science. K EWSPAPER-CONBOCTTNG UNDEE DxFFICDLTIES. —The Pleasant Creek Mews says:—"Our little brother, the Landsborough Times, it would appear has almost been brought to a dead-lock through the unfortunate blindness of a very important member of its staf£ viz , the compositor. We rejoice to learn, from the paragraph annexed, that the enterprising and indernitable proprietor feels himself equal to the emergency, and that even in so unprecedented a crisis as the loss has beeD, he can keep his light shining among the inhabitants of Landsborough''In consequence of our assistant having become nearly blind we have had to do all the work connected with the office ourseives. Not having been brought up to the compositor's branch of the business, we are naturally slow in setting type, and therefore trust that we may be excused for any faults that, in our position, cannot be helped. A week or two of practice will make us more perfect.'" Live Fences and Fboit-Tbees Bordering Koads.—At the monthly meetiag of the Fiuniss Vale Institute on Monday evening—the President, Mr. E. J. Catlow, in the chair—an interesting debate was opened upon the subject of "Substituting Live Fences for the present system of Post and Kail," by Mr. J. Leonard, J.P., who spoke forcibly upon the great advantage that would result to the colony from the change. He also recommended that fruit-trees should be planted at intervals on the public roads of the colony, both for ornamental and shady purposes, and to afford a pleasant refiesbment to the weary and parched traveller. A very interesting debate ensued, in which the value and desirability of the system recommended were unanimously recognised, tut some difficulties were pointed out. It was admitted that at first there would be a necessity to erect a double post-and-rail fence to protect the young live fence until it attained a sufficient growth to protect itself; but it was urged that when once matured the live fence would require little further attention, and would amply pay for the first outlay. Mr. Benkenstein mentioned that in Prussia-fruit-trees, chiefly cherries, were planted along the roads: the produce, however, of which was farmed out and went towards the maintenance of the roads. Much discussion took place with regard to the best description of live fence— the merits of hawthorn, prickly peair. sweetbriar &c;„ being advocated—ana Mr. J. Wicks remarked, as a singular circumstance, that in a case he mentioned the honey of a number of hives had been rendered offensive and utterly useless by the proximity of caBtor-oil plants, which the bees frequented. The following resolution, proposed by Mr. J. C. Leonard, and seconded by Mr. F. Leak, was unanimously adopted" That it would be advisable for the colony, as a whole, to substitute live fences for the present system, and also to plant fruit-trees at intervals. aloBg the public and private roads.'" There w&sa; huge attendance of members, and great interest waatasen in the dissussioa* Alm.vnda. Ores.—This morning several fine , lumps of Almanda ore, sprinkled in places with pure native silver, were exhibited on 'Change. They were obtained jost below the water level in Bagot's lode, and were brought to town last night The Late Sis D. Daly.—The Southern Cross and Catholic Herald writes:—'"It will be a pleasure to Uatholics in South Australia to know that; when our beloved Bishop was at Borne, in an interview which his Holiness gave to his Lordship, the Holy Father testified his remembrance of the faithful in this distant land by banding to bis . Xiordship a gift in the shane of a beautiful caineo ; medallion of the Blessed Virgin, set in gold, to be > presented to the late lamented Governor. As the j late Sir D. Daly's lite was not spared until the i time of his Lordship's arrival, this memento of His Holiness has been handed by the Bishop to'one j of the members of the late Governor's family i resident in south Australia. j Mobsikg Mail to Stea.tha.lbtn. — Some ; months aao the inhabitants of Strathalbyn and i townships en route were very desirous of securing a j morning mail from Adelaide, especially as at that j time Oobb & Co. were running a "bus" which left town early. The Postmaster- General did not; however, feel at liberty then to grant greater postal facilities, bat with the prospective opening -of the Railway to Middleton there may be greater probability of a similar request meeting with more lavour. There remains the fact that the residents of \V illunga and townships on the seaboard are disposed very properly to strongly resist the entire disuse of the South-road for the carriage of the Port Elliot mails, and the authorities mav see their way to retain the present afternoon mails by the established route; also sending additional morning mails as proposed. On this subject, as showing what are the views of the Strath\x=req-\ albyn residents we cannot do better than add -what our local correspondent writes on the 21st:— *' The arrival of our mail from Adelaide at 8 p.m. has long been a grievance, and I believe I am correct in saying tljiat the unanimous opinion and feelinp here on this-subject now is that the . time has arrived when we .are- entitled to a midday n^ail. If the authorities feel that they cannot concede so desirable an object without our fust making some public demonstration—sending in a memorial with j a tedious list of signatures and crosses, influential j deputations, &c.;—why it is only lor us to begin, and we can do all this; but at the same time we feel that BUch a course ought to be needless, and that the boon repeatedly sought should now be conferred -upon us as a right. Many good and valid reasons might be tflduced in favour of a midday mail, but they are so long and well-known that a repetition O* them here is, I think, unnecessary." Stbathalbyn Agbicultcbal Society. — A general meeting of the Committee of the local Agricultura Society took place on Monday at the Terminus Hotel, strathalbyn, when the Vice\x=req-\ President, Mr. John Cheriton, M.P., occupied the j chair, and the time for holding the fourth annual ' Show was fixeJ. it was further resolved that the coming Sho.v be held on the grounds of tie Terminus Hotel, and it was suggested by the members present that the Shows be held alternately ou each side of the river—i.e., one year in ; East and the next in West Ward. Twelve members of the General Committee were then chosen as a Sub-Committee to revise prize- list and make all other necessary arrangements. Air. Uosifto, the Secretary, was requested to write to the Secretary of the Gawler and Willunga Agricultural Societies, stating the time agreed upon, with a view to haviag a separate date for each Show. Parliamentary Privilege.—The following extract, from i he English Spectator, is of interest, as eliowing that, more enlightened and reasonable views are being entertained in legal circles with regard to the privileges of the Press than were wont to obtain:—"Wason v. Walter.—Tne Court of Queen's ftench decided on Wednesday in the case of ' Wason v. Walter,' that a newspaper publishing a report of Parliamentary proceedings is, even if it contain defamatory matter, privileged ag&iust; an action for libeL This decision overrules the cel-brated opinion of Mr. Justice Little dale in 'Stockdale v. Hansard,'and conside.ing that the House in theory forbids the presence of reporters, is considered by some lawyers rather a strong specimen uf judge- made law. Tiie Lord Chief Justice, however, in delivering ju-Jgment, aid great btress on the necessity of interpreting laws in accordance with the civilization of the age, and of preserving that adaptability to circumstances which is the credit of the English common law." The Evas Testimonial.—We understand that a gentleman residing in the North, who desires his name to b<; kept secret, has contributed £50 towards the testimonial to the Kev. C. \V. Evan. Squeamish. - Mr. Charles Brache has sent in to this office for our (Argus) inspection a ring shaped like a wedding-ring, which was found in the stomach of a fish of the flathead specks, which our correspondent ate for supper the other evening. Mr. Brache thinks that his ring is of gold, in which we regret to difier from him, and-speculates on irs "perhaps forming the only remains of some poor person droWncd"—a consideration which to the eater of the tish would, we should fancy, occasion some curious reflections as to what became of the moie Ui •drownsd." — • Glue Compact.—It is stated by the Argus that a movement has been mooted in Geel mg for the establishment of a Company to manufacture glue, a person skilled in the process of making this article having stated his ability to supply it by a Company at a price considerably less than it can be manufactured f< I in England. FaEUING and FfiOlT-GrBOWING AT MACLAREN Vale.—Now that harvest is nearly completed, a pretty fair calculation can be made as to tue yield; and, from ail that can be gathered, the crops at Maclaren Yate will not come up to expectations. Many sections that seemed to promise 18 or 20 bushels to the acre have only produced from 1J to 14, and one piece that had the appearance of about 10 bushels yielded a little over 5. The grain is very fine and unusually heavy. Our correspondent -does not think his former calculation respecting the average will he realized. It is more likely to be from l'J to 12 per acre, instead of 12 to* 14. Farmers are complaining about the low price. Some have sold privately at 4s. Id. The millers are not, however, giving quite so much. Messrs. Galloway & Cla:k are purchasing heavily, lousiness remains very dull at present, but with an upward tendency. 1 here are great c jmplaints at the small amount placed in the hands of the Central Koad Board for expenditure during the 3*ear, and the general opinion in the district is that the Govern\x=req-\ menc is penny wise and pound foolish in the matter. Stv. ral showeis have fallen of late, accompanied by thunder, the nights and mornings being unusually cold, causing a govd deal of coughing ai d sneezing. The yield from the vineyards will ha quite up to, if not over, the average; but the berries are rather small. Other fruit crops are most abundant, especially apples. Nearly all the diggers who left the Vale have returned. Jupiter dots not pay quite so well as at first, and the novelty is wearing off; some are about to trv north, when*, it.is hoped, they will succeed better, as work for labourers is very scarce in the district just now, and will be for two or three months. The potato ciup will not be heavy. Railway Traffic.—The traflSc on the South Australian Railways for the week ended January 16 was:—Poit line—Passengers, 5,fares, £253 9s,; gocJs, £159 18s. 9J. North line— Passengers, 2,054; fares. £405 6a. 10d.; goods, £1,012 18s. 3d. T.'ial, £2,731 12s. lOd. The Accidxnt to Mb. Stabk, Jun.—Young Mr. Stark, whose serious accident was reported on > the 14th, is now progressing favourably, and is able to Git up. Opening of Strathalbtx Tbamwat.—The Corporation of Stratliaibyn are proposing to have a public demnnst3tion on the opening of the tramway, the works of which, under the superintendence of Mr. Macjeorge, are being vigorously pushed fouvard by night and day corps of men. Da. Cake.—jlr. Outline Carr— Doctor, Professor, or Kcvtrend, as he indifferently styles himself—has agrn been getting into hot water. After his acquittal from the charge brought against him by a married woman in Sydney, he took his departure for New Zealand on a starring tour in his professional capacity; and the latest we hear of him is at liotitika, where on the 7th January last he appeared before the local Magistracy to resist a claim for wages made against him by one of his satellite"! named Kerr, who while under his mysterious ir,fl teuce astonished the public with fits of praying, siiinin;r, crying, or laughing, at the all potent will of the operator. The medium sued Dr. Carr for services rendered in this way at so much per week, and in part proof of his case showed that the professor had already recognised a portion of his claim. Carr affirmed that it was a conspiracy to ruin him—all the blacker since he had given the medium the suras alluded to out of pure charity. The Bench dismissed the case on the simple ground that the plaint iff could not recover after admitting that he was a party to the fraud. The professor still continues his performances in Hokitika for the benefit; of his admirers, while the ]ess wathetic portion of the public who frequent the music-halls, nightly applaud to the echo metrical versions ef the great case, Kerr v. Carr.—Argus. Jordan and Jerusalem in Tasmania.—The story goes that numerous places in Tasmania were early in the history of the settlement visited by two runaway sailors, who having for safety penetrated the interior decided the names of streams and hills met with in their journey. It is alleged that getting short of appellations, they had ' resource to the only two books they possessed—a Bible and ihe Arabian Nights'1 Entertainment— and from these they took alternately titles wherewith to depurate prominent objects on their route, the result being an odd mingling and singular instinces of juxtaposition worthy of JPasquin. Some similar process must still later have been adopted, judging from the subjoined f extract fmm the report of the engineers on the proposedTasmanian Railway. It begins with the following suggestions as to a route from Jordan to Jerusalem: -"After a careful examination of the " country between the Kiver Jordan and the Eastern Marshes, in the course of which the valley of the Jordan and that of the Coal River were closely examined, we have adopted a line which, commencing at a point on the York rivulet, about four miles to the eastward of t^atlands, and going south passes along the eastern shore of Lake Tiberias, thence through Hunter's Swamp, and along the side of Flat-topped Hill into Jerusalem.'' Death of Mbs. Evan.—It is with very deep | regret that we have to announce the death of the wife of the Bev, C. W. Evan, B.A., which took ; place at half- past 6 o'elock on Thursday evening, : January 21. The deceased lady pave birth to a daughter on the 2nd of January, and no apprehen sions were entertained as to her until Wednesday | evening, when Mr. Evan was caHed away from the ! valedictory meeting which was being held at the i Stow Church to bid him farewell prior to his : intended departure for England. His unexpected , bereavement may. of course, alter all his plans. ! We are sure he will bare the sincere sympathy t,[ a large circle of friends outside as wed as within his own Church and congregation. Mrs. Evan was the daughter of a retired Independent minister in Guernsey, and a sister ot Mr. E. \V. Pearce, of the Savings Bank. A Cbimean Offices.—Our obituary contains a notice of the death of Colonel Isaac Moore, of the 13th Battalion, Commandant of Pembroke Oock Garrison. We see from an English paper that the gallant Colonel, who was brother-in-law of Mr. BichardGoss, of Mount Torrens. had seen much active service. The black charger which bad carried him through the whole of tbe Crimean campaign was led in sroce&sion; at his f uneraL The death of the deceased was very sudden, arising from the rupture of a blood-vessel. Accidekt at Gt/enelg. —On Tuesday evening a serious accident happened to Mrs. Sains, an old resident at the Bay. When out in the evening walking, she missed her footing, fell heavily, and fractured her arm just at the wrist. She is under the care of Dr. Gordon, and considering her advanced age and the serious nature of the injury, is do ng as well as can be expected. Gawler Wesley an Chapel.—The roof of the new Wesleyan Chapel is now finished, and the "completion of the whole structure is fast approaching. The building, which will be a very handsome one, is quite a credit to Gawler. Galbraith v. Hughes.—The information that reached us (Argus) o ? Saturday from Adelaide "to the effect that Mr. Michie, Q.C., had been retained in the case of Galbraith v. Hughes was premature. Whatever may be the intention of the plaintiffs solicitor, no retainer has reached Mr. Michie as yet. Our Colonial Fleet.—It seems a pity (says the Wallaroo Times) that the Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. Goyder, or the Government (nobody seems to know who manages tbe buBi ness) should have sent to Melbourne for the Sea Bipple for the Northern Territory sfrvice, when an equally suitable vessel was to be found at their own doors, as it were. Had Port Wallaroo been enquired at, we could have supplied one that, at all events, would be likely to be as good in two years time as she is now, that is certainly better adapted for coasting than ocean service; and by this means, if a job had to be perpetrated by a Commissioner who knows so little, or a surveyor who knows so much, a South Australian might have reaped the benefit. There is the old Rebecca, floating coal hulk, lying at Port Wallaroo, that we ■ fee! convinced Mr. .Simpson would have-spared to the Governmentfor a'consideration had she been j pplied for; and, to judge from all accounts, she j would be considered quite a smart craft in com- { parison with the Sea Bipple, which the Govern- i ment bad to send to a neighbouring colony for. A ' shipping surveyor m:ght have been found who ; would have passed the vessel in the same manner i that the dealer in marine stores induced a kui veyor to pass the Sea Ripple at Williamstown. We obiect to these profitable little transactions going out of the colony. Freights to a>*d Tkade of Wallaroo.— Daring the pa6t few days the jetty at Port Wal\x=req-\ laroo has piesented quite an animated appearance. The Times reports:—On Saturday, cargi> was being discharged from the ship Kadina, from the barque Bosphorus, and from the schooner Cynthia; whilst the Kangaroo and the Lubra, steamships, were busy receiving freight for Adelaide. An evidence of the returning prosperity of the port and the more inland townshins is afforded by the capital j cargoes which the Kangaroo is weekly bunging I round, supplemented as they are by those of the J several coasting vessels which ply between the Peninsula and the metropolis. When a ponula\x=req-\ tion is enabled to increase its purchases week by week, the fact may be considered reliable proof that matters are neither retrograding nor at a standstill. IS or is the increase in the shipping trade confined to imports. The past week the ! Kangaroo had more cargo on offer for freight to j Adelaide than she could convey, and the Lubra | was consequently ordered round. The Royal-1 Shepherd s.s. has also commenced to make a weekly ! call at Port Wallaroo, finding it, we suppose, her ■ interest to do so. A Lucky Escape—A man from the North was ! picked up by the police early on Thursday morning [ drunk on East-terrace. On searching him at the ] station £59 in notes were found in his possession ; with some silver. The individual, whoever he was, may congratulate himself on not heirs found iu ; some parts of the town, for it is more than pro- , bible he might then have been relieved of bis cash ! before being discovered by the police. | The Darlisc BcsnaAXGEas.— Our Veninuiecor- ! respondent on Jan. 12 writes:—"The bushranger j Redford is quietly enjoying himself upon the spoil j taken from the mails—breakfasting, dining, and having tea all m one day at places 20 miles apart. He visits stations, coolly showing the revolver, and telling the inmates who he is; stops travellers in the same way, and exchanges horses with them, i So careless is he that in the presence of one such person he laid down his revolver on a log while he went to the river to drink. Kutherfo: mate, was taken by Sergeant Clearv cn the ranges south of Melambo, Kay & Butchart's station, after a three days" chase, haviug to succumb for want of i water. Many robberies have been committed, but i the thieves are allowed to roam at large, as the 1 settlers prefer submitting to the loss rather than j travel to Deniliquin for the purpose of prosecuting. : But the police are out looking for Kedford. Mr. i I Ee , having, according to the latest news, taken the i Winder, a horse which ran at the local races, and ' was the winner of the Publicans'Purse. Last year i Eedford was the owner of Twilight, the winner of i the Town Plate and Publicans' Purse at Menindie, | and which was trained by himself. He went to I Wentworth Races, and rode Twilight, but unsuc- j cessfully there: and now, when recognised, he is ] spoken of as riding a 6plendid horse, and when in j the Tolarno back country he and his mate Ruther- j ford selected the two best horses in the mob.'" | Our corresnondent adds:—"Having seen in the j Pastoral Tir.i'S, dated December i3, a paragraph from Hay, siating that Eedford and his mate received assistance frum an overseer of a station not 100 miles from the Darling, and asking would i such a state of things exist in Victoria, I will j admit thit it would not exist long in any of the ; colonies except in New South Wales, but this is on j a pir with all our other Government arrangements. • L however, deny emphatically that Redford and ; his mate were assisted where it is rumoured they were, as can be proved." The Circus.—Stebbing's Circus performed in Gawler on Monday and Tuesday evenings. The attendance was not good, owing to the dullness of the times and the lowness of the price of farmers' produce. The State of the Rivers.—Our Men in die letter of January 12 reports tliat the Darling is rising, and is stated to have reached as low down as Weinteriga, the rise being one of about three feet, caused by a flood in the Mainoo. No additional rise to baclc it up and admit of steamers taking advantage of it has been heard of, so that for purposes of navigation it is probably comparatively useless. There was no sign of rain, and heat was excessive, standing at 106" within doors. Advices from Wentworth, received in Adelaide on on Tbuisuay, state that there is every prospect of i the river remaining low for a long season. One correspondent mentions that the river is rapidly Rett!u most of his clip could not he brought down this season. Gates Acrsoss Scsvited Public Roads.—The following is the copy of a letter sent to a respectable tradesman near Port Eiliot, who is in the habit of travelling with a hawker's van in the vicinity of Ijzke Albert and the Peninsula:—"iSir —1 understand you are in the habit of travelling with stores. &c.;, on the Peninsula, aud hear you leave the gates open. You will be more careful in future, or you will get into trouble. —Yours, &c.;" As it appears that there is a great want of knowledge among persons who indulge in breaking the law in country districts by placing gates across public roads vested in the name of Her Majesty, and set apart for public use, it may be well to state that iu Act No. 9 of 1S53 the law is very express as to any obstructions being placed to hinder the pro- i grass or passage of any of Her Majesty's subjects, and a penalty ' f from £2 to £10 may be enforced in addition to the cost of removal. j Supplying Aborigines with Dbisk. — On Thursday, January 14, before Mr. E. C. Hughes, I S. M-, at V ellington, an aboriginal known under I the sobriquet of Captain Death, was charged by Robert May, of Meningee, with using threatening ; language. The plaintiff, on being sworn, said that on Friday last he went to water cattle, and walked uo alongside the blacks' wurley with thel intention of buying fish from them. The prisoner was in the wurley very merry, and said " Why not give us flour, tobacco, and grog." Told him he would not. Prisoner then called him a miserable cockatoo. Lelf the wurley and walked away. Prisoner shouted for him to stav, and said he wanted to make it up with him. The prisoner then pulled off his clothing to fight, and again ran back to his wurley bringing an open knife, and used threats. Got away, however, and threatened to get the police. By the Banch—There was a fire at Miningee a few days before: believed the prisoner was ibere. but did not see him. The prisoner was drunk at thetime of the assault. Found colonial-.vine the same day iu a bottle which had bee« dropped by a blac! fellow. He had nothing iu his hauds when assaulted. The wine found had been drpj.ped by another blackfellow, not the prisoner. Got a stick andBwungit round his head; drove liiin and the other blacks out of the wurley. The blacks camped close by his place. Not a week passes but they are drunk. On Mr. Captain JJeath being asked I what he hail to say in defem.-e, he replied that May i offered to fight him. and put hia hand iuto his pocket to get his knife, ana he then returned to j his wurley for liis knife. He admitted being a , little merry by partaking of stronger potations than allowed by law- but firmly informed the special that he wouid sooner go to "chokey' than let the police know who had given him the grog. The prisoner was then cautioned and dismissed. | liECTDits.—On Thursday evening, January 21, a I meeting of the Flinders- street Presbyterian Young Men's Association was held in the large schoolroom at the rear of the Church. There was a very J large attendance. Mr. G. B. Skethaway presiding. | A lecture was delivered by Mr. David Murray, en- ; titled "Human Migrations,'" and a number of i recitations given by members of the Society. The proceedings closed at an early hour ia the cus- i tomary manner. The Lath accident in Eokdle street.—We have been requested by Mr. Taylor to state with respect to the accident in Rundle-street, noticed by us on Thursday, by which a horse ridden by Mr. Anderson, Manager of tbe Gas Company, was killed, that no blame was attachable to himself. He states that he had pulled his horse to the side of the street to avoid an omnibus wbieh had just started from the stand in front of the Bed Lion, when he saw Mr. Anderson riding towards him. He instantly pulled up, but was uuabie to prevent Mr. Anderson's horse impaling itself upon the shaft of his vehicle. The Goihabe.—The survey of the schooner Gulnare has been completed, and the the utterances of the nautical oracle who had charge of the work are highly favourable as to the soundness and seaworthiness of the schooner. The reports respecting the presence of dry-rot and other imperfections hate been completely negatived; but it is recommended that a new set of masts should be procured. Mr. Darwent, we believe, has agreed to a rebate of a little over £101). to meet the expense of tarrying out the recommendation, and the vessel is n&w; Government property. Of course every effort will now be put forth to make up for lost time. Gold.—The diggings will do something, if not a great deal, to help matters in the prevalent dullness at Gawler. Messrs. J. & G. Wilcox purcha- ed last week from Hamlin's rush j£37 worth of gold, and between £17 and £18 worth from the Barossa. Messrs. Witt & Wehrstedt also bought 53 ounces, . the produce of the Barossa diggings. The Yelta.—Captain Anthony, who has just taken charge of the Yelta Aline, reports very favourably, 6ays the Wallaroo Times, upon the property of the Company. A fine pile of blac k ore has been raised at the new workings since he assumed the management, and he states that the appearances presented warrant expectations being formed that the mine, when developed, will take rank in the first class. Menindie Hospital.—There is said to be a large amount of illness on the Darling, and the usefulness of the Hospital has been fully prored. It is a large and commodious building, well ventilated, kept extremely clean, and superintended by an able and experienced surgeon, so that the institution is deserving of the support which has been liberally accorded to it; but its operations could be still farther extended with increased assistance. Ordination.—At the Welsh Chapel, Wallaroo, on the ISth, the Kev. J. .Lloyd was ordained minister of the Church meeting there. The Bevs. Wilson (Congregational), Michie (Presbyterian), Baslon (Wesleyan), and Jarrett (Primitive Methodist), were present, and engaged in the service. Centbal Road Boakd Commissioners.—Thurs\x=req-\ day, January 21, was tbe last day for receiving the District Council nominations of Commissioners for the Board for 1869. We understand that the return of the present elected Commissioners, Messrs. A. Halietr, J.P., fL E. Blight, M.P., li. S. Kelly, J.P., and H. Warren, J.P., is considered certain. Farming Notes feom Gawles.—Wheat is being brought into Gawler pretty freely; the general impression, however, seems to be that the yield i3 not turning out quite as Rood as was expected, at least in the immediate neighbourhood, Still there is a large amountof grain in the farmers' hands, and if the price were higher they would dovery'welL At the present price the burden of two years' bad seasons presses rather heavily. Business is still dull. Mancfactcue of Fauuta.—At VTarrnamhooI the manufacture of farina of excellent quality, equal if not superior to the best imported, has been begun by the firm of Aitkin. & Paterson. Fabhisg Affairs at Stocktobt. - The un\x=req-\ favourable news regarding the price of wheat has somewhat damped the expectations of the farmers. Some farmers at Stockport complain bitterly that their crops are not turuing out so well as first appearances led them to expect, and it is feared many will have a hard struggle before them still. Business is comparatively dull, especially at this time of the year, when it is expected to be so very brisk; the mill and the com stores are the only busy places at present. The railway will not apparently be opeued further than Pinkerton's Plains, near the Hamley Bridge, this season. The question cf railway carriage rebate seems rather perplexing to many of the local agriculturists, who think it is surely time enough to pay when the work is performed, and not before. The Provincial Ga-5 Compass's Opebations. —On "Wednesday morning we (Kapunda Herald) paid a •visit of.-inspection to the works of the Provincial Gas Company, now in progress for the manufacture of the gas for lighting Kapunda. We need hardly inform our readers that the site secured by the Company is a most eligible one, being about an acre aud a quarter in extent, and situate in immediate contiguity to the railway station. The first portion of the work undertaken was the excavation of tbe tank, which was commenced on the 17th September. There have been delays irom various causes, but all the works are now pretty well advanced. Immediately adjoining the railway, so that coals may be unloaded therein from the trucks, is the coal-house, which is 2) feet square, adjoining which is the retort-house, 25 feet by 20, the next building being the condensing and purifying shed, 25 feet 6 inches by 12. The meter-house, 12 feet by 11 feet, is also included in the same block of buildings, which is rapidly approaching completion. At a short distance west\x=req-\ waid is the gasometer tank, which is very strongly and well built, the diameter being :{l feet 6 by 11 feet deep. There is also on the ground a neat two\x=req-\ roomed cottage, intended as a dwelling for the man in charge of tbe works. This is already completed, and will scon be tenanted, it is intended that the whole of the site shall eventually be enclosed byjt wall seven feet in height. We might mention that the works are being carried on under the local supervision of Mr. L. F. Hanson, Mr. P. McLaren being the c ntractor, and we believe that when they are completed it will be found that the cost will have been within the estimated amount. In the coui-se of about a fortnight the works forthis township will he completed as far as practicable before the arrival of the plant from home, which has already been ordered some months, so that by June we may have gas available. Cotton v. Wool.—The condition and prospects of the cotton crop in America have no doubt a perceptible influence on the value of wool in the English market. It may, therefore, be of some importance to notice the latest New York reports on the prospects of the cotton-planters. We observe from our New York files that the actual crop for 1867-8 was 2,576.293 bales. The crop this season, after making allowance for losses by disease, is estimated atonly 2,OI5,iiO& bales. This is a very large defi\x=req-\ ciency.— Argus. Prospective Evasions of the New Land Bill.—We (Wallaroo Times) have repeatedly expressed our conviction that the evils complained of as subsisting in the auction room cannot be cured by any direct legislation. If ic is the interest of both a bona fide fanner and a' money-lender to combine and defeat the clause of the new Act specially intended to militate against such a combination; if these two agree between themselves to set at naught the Frauds at Auction BiU, they will do so. Lottery, landsharking, ami all the rest of the patent nuisances will exist, but in another form. This opinion of ours has been curiously confirmed to us by the best evidence during the past week. It is known that a sale of suburban allotments of land is shortly to take place at Kadina. The agents of Adelaide land brokers have been heie inspecting the blocks to be offered, in order to ascertain wliich would be most eligible for purchase. These land brokers know, as well as we do, what law is likely to be in force when the sale will take place, and tbey lay their plans accordingly. We have not a word to say about their plans; personally we can have no objection to their purchasing all the land that will be offered; But we cannot refrain from calling attention to the probable utility of one portion of our new Land Act, and the innocence which people display. when they affect to believe that the Augean stable of the auction room is to be cleansed in so exceedingly simple a manner. But there are persons who are so constituted as to regard an Act of Parliament, or a Select Committee, or an appeal to the "G-overnment," as the one panacea for all the ills, communities, colonies, and countries are heir to. Complimentary. — On Thursday evening, 14th January, after the usual business of the Albert Tent. No. 5, A.D., was concluded, the brethren sat down in the Cechabite Hall, Beverley, to a spread, liberally provided by the C.B. of the Tent and D.D.R. (Mr. J. T. Headdey). The gathering was for the purpose of welcoming Mr. J£. L. Bedggood, a member of the Victorian District of ftechabites. now on a visit here. Air. Headdey presided, and P.D.C.B. McKinlay occupied the vice-chair. After a substantial repast had been cleared off. and washed down with some excellent coffee, in lieu of stronger beverages, the various loyal and patriotic toasts were duly honoured, after which " The Health r-f Brother Bedggood, and success to the | Victorian District"'was proposed by Brother Willis, supposed by Secretary J. H. Bisely, and heartily j received. Mr. Bedggood, in response, thanked the : brethren for their warm welcome, and gave an ' outline of the progress of the district he repre\x=req-\ : seated. Two veal's ago they numbered 1,72(5 members; now the number was about 3,000, whilst ! they had 82 Tents in a flourishing condition, the | principal one in Ballarat having 300 members on the books. He also alluded to the labours of Mr. Burnett in Victoria, through whose instrumentality over 8,000 persons had been led to join the temperance army. Various other sentiments were honoured, including the " Albert District and Albert Tent," "Kindred Societies,"' and "The Ladies," including the "Female Recliabites;'' and the meeting, which had been enlivened by recitations and singing, closed with a hearty vote of j thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Headdey for their kind! ness. Bisaop Sbiel.—The G&tholic; Herald says:— " His Lorilship the Bishop sailed by the Xldingafor Melbourne on Tuesday, fibs 12th, His departure was somewhat unexpected, but was rendered necessary by the wish of Archbishop Polding to meet his suffragans in his- present visit to Victoria, where he is travelling on account, we regret to say, of itl-health. Dr.S&iel; will not be absent long. He proposes to make the visitation of the South- Eastern District on, his return, and to be home in Adelaide early in February." Appeals.—We understand a number of cases are being prepared for the .Local Court of Appeals, but it is not likely it will sit until after the arrival of Sir James Fergusson. It is understood notices have been given in the West Kanmantoo Mining Company v. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, .National Bank v. Cherry, Elder and Others v. Adelaide Marine and Fire Insurance Company, and -probably there may be appeals in Sutherland v. Clark and Another, and in Saville v. Clarke. Accident neab. Virginia. — As Mr. Brine, farmer, of the firm of Baker & Brine, Gawler Eiver, was returning home from town, when near Mr. Maloney's, close to Virginia, his horse stumbled, probably in one of the large holes with which this road abounds, and which require filling up. Mr. Brine was throws out of the front of the cart, broke three of his ribs, and received a severe cut on the head. Under the treatment of Dr. Popham, of Gawler, he is progressing favourably. The Wesley an Confekence.—The Conference of the Australian Wesleyan ministers is now being held in Sydney, the fcouth Australian District being represented by the Kevs. W. L. Bmks and J\x=req-\ G. Millard. We have seen a telegram mentioning some of the principal changes which are likely to' be made in stations in this colony, but as these are simply extracted from the draft programme, which has to be read three times before being filially settled, we think it better not to publish the names at "present. Tub I4ev. N. J". Hoke, of Lynbock.—The Eev. N. J. Hone, of Lyndoch Valley, has accepted an invitation from the Baptist Church at Mount Gambier, the pastotate of which will shortly be vacant by the removal of the JKev. J. M. Day to Kapunda. The exchange takes place in February. The Town Hall at Clabe.—On Tuesday a meeting of the ratepayers of Clare was convened by the Mayor $nd Council to consider an offer made by the proprietors of theMUlare Hall for its -gale to the Corporation. The meeting was convened for half-past 7. At a quarter past S Mr. Powell proposed that the Mayor preside, which was carried unanimously. His Worship said an offer had been made to the Council, and ih y did not consider themselves justified in taking auy step3 without consulting tne wish of the ratepayers. They had tberefore instructed the Town Clerk to call that meeting, when they would hear from some Directors the terms of the proposition, which were favourable as. far as the ma ter ot business went. Mr. faterson said he was one of a deputation to wait on the Corporation, and expected that Mr. Kimber would have been present to explain. He then shortly recapitulated the terms of the offer made. A question was put by a ratepayer, which was satisfactorily answered. Dr. Webb considered the Corporation two young, being only six months old, to become purchasers of property and entail a debt on the town, and concluded by moving that the meeting be adjourned until that day six months. This was seconded. Air. Paterson moved as an amendment that the proposition made by the Directors of the Clare Hall Company be not entertained. The amendment was carried. Thanks were voted to His Worship, aud the meeting closed. The Stockade Enquibt.—Tiie Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into alleged ill-treatment of prisoners in the Stockide, by advertisement appearing in another column invites persons who wish to give evidence before the Commission to communicate their names and addtesses to hi n. The first meeting of the Commission was lieid at the Stockade on Friday, January 22. The Pooxa Minikg Company.—'The otdinary geueral meeting of shaieholders of the Poona Mining Company, Limited, was held at the office of the Company, Gilbert- place, on Friday, Jan. £2, at 12 o'clock- Mr. George Young (Chairman of the Company) presided, and there was a small attendance of shareholders. The notice calling the meeting, and the minutes of the previous ordinary general meeting having been read, and the laiter duly confirmed, the Directors' repoit was read; also Captain Cowling's letter of the 2uth instant. It was unanimously resolved that the report and statement of accounts (as printed) be adopted. The retiring Directors (aiessrs. l'oung and ijtuckey) and the Auditors (Messrs. Wicksteed and Giles) were re-elected, and the amount of remuneration to be paid to the Directors in iuture and to the Auditors for past services was agreed to- Two applications for the reinstate-joeut of shares, already declared forfeited, were not complied with. •Sailors' Home.—Captain Louttit, cf the St. Vincent, has kindly consented to give an entertainment in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in aid of the Sailors' Home Fund. It will consist of a lecture on the "Law of Storms," illustrated by diagrams shownby the aid of a phantasmagoria. Post Adelaide Eegatta—The Ladles' Bag. —A meeting of the Regatta Committee was held at the bhip Inn, Port, on Thursday evening, for the purpose of settling for the amateur four-oared race for the Ladies' Bag, which, owing to a mis\x=req-\ understandiug on the day of the icgatta, was competed for a second time on Saturday last. A letier was rtad from Mr. W. H. Hopkins, one of the crew of the Prince Alfred, which was defeated on that occasion, forwarding a formal protest against the prize being handed to the crew of the Falcon on the grouud that the latter fouled tire Prince Alfred whilst rounding the buoy. The protest being unsupported by evidence, the committee declined to entertain it, and handed the bag to the crew of the Falcon. Air. iSucknall. in speaking of the alleged foul, expressed his opiuion that the Prince Alfred was to a great extent responsible for the occurrence, and stated that the custom in the Thames and elsewhere was that all protests should be made to the umpire at the time of the race. He also took occasion to remark that the practice of writing anonymous letters in the Press, criticising the pulling of different persons, was calculated to discourage amateurs, especially when it was evident the knowledge of such matters possessed by the writers waB veiy limited. He thought such a proceeding likely to create ill-feeling, and tended to have an injurious effect on the pi act ice of boating. A vote of thanks was recoiued to tLe Committee for their exertions during the regatta. Railway Employes.—The annual dinner in connection with the carriage department of the •South Australian Railway took place at the White Hart Hotel, Hindley- street, on Friday evening, January 15. The dinner was the first in connection with the amalgamation of the Adelaide and Bowden sections of the carriage department. There were between 30 and 40 employes present. Mr. J. D. Alexander occupied the chair; the vice-chair being filled by Mr. W. W. Sorrell. The company sat down, at about 8 o'clock, to a first-rate dinner, provided by Host White in capital style. On the removal of the cloth, the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were given and honoured in quick succession. "The Parliament" was proposed in temperate terms by Mr. A. tj. Devenish. Drank with cheering. Mr. JPascoe responded, eulogizing their free Constitution, to which many of the beueiits enjoyed by colonists were due. Mr. James James theu gave "The Army, Kavy, and Volunteers1' in martial terms. Mr. J. W liittel proposed the sentiment "I'lieiSngineer-in-Chief and Kail way Staff" in a few eulogistic remarks. Drunk with "Forthey are jolly good fellows." The Vice-Cbairman responded. Mr. Sumpsion gave in brief terms "The Land we Liive in." Air. H. Cox responded. The remaining toasts were "The Press,-" "Host and Hostess," "Oilairman," aud " Vice-Chairman," which were received with enthusiasm and cordially responded to. The proceedings, which were enlivened with a number of excellent songs. concluded at a reasonable hour, af-.er a very pleasant evening had been spent. Supposed Incendiaby Fjbe.—We (Kapunda Herald) regret to hear that on Wednesday evening a fire took place in Mr. Geyer's (of near Greenock) paddock. We understand that Mr, Geyer (who will be remembered as the plaintiff in the casa of Geyer v. Jorgenson) believes the fire to be the work of an incendiary. The paddock where tlie fire occurred is some three or four sections fiom Sir. Geyer's residence, and before lie heard of it the fire had been extinguished by some of his neighbours, who had fortunately noticed it before any great headway had been obtained. Western Austbalia.—We find the following in the last West Australian papers to hand:— "FromNicol Bay we have a fortnight's later intelligence, but there is little news, except that all the pearl-shell gatherers were doing well. The banks fished last season were yielding again a plentiful harvest. The two Sydney vessels with their * Kanaka' crews were said to have between them about 30 tons of shells. The master of one of the fishing craft has brought down a magnificent pearl about the size of a boy's marble, and as nearly perfect in lustre and 6hape as possible, and worth, it is said, some fabulous price. Two boxes of tortoiseshell have been sent down." Immigration.—A Queensland paper says:— "The necessity for the presence of a Queensland emigration agent in Great Britain is becoming every day more and more apparent. Colonel Blackall is quite right when he says that the best kind of population is that which springs from the soil and is planted in the soil; and the baby prize Erinciple is good, but the homestead clauses are etter. They offer a prize to every baby. That, as an investment, is profitable to the State; and we hope ere long to see tho=e clauses further improved by the removal of the petty but vexatious and ill\x=req-\ sounding conditions of payment which disfigure that particular portion of our new Land Act. It is true that a person may obtain the fee- simple of eighty acres of land by paying £2 per annum for it for fire years, but it would be much better to give it for nothing, the only condition being residence and improvement. That would be a good cry for our immigration agent to go to the old country I with, and we trust he will be empowered to ' raise it." 