, FORT V SHI LLINGS_ AND COSTS7" .1 bail boon all day trying to got from' Avo- minster to CholchoBtor by a oountry line, a London lino, mid a branclt line of railway. In the first pliioo, as the country lino only ran throo trains ti day, passenger and goods togpthor, necessitating weary shuutings at every station, wo could hardly bo said to liavo made a good start. Irithe next plabo, the strategic arrangement whoroby the London -liuomanaged-invarinbly-toatartitstraina-fivol minutes before the arrive! of tho " up" country I train, making us wait for two lioursat Marl- bnry Junction, to spite tho country company, scarooly landed to rapid progress. In tlio third place, as it always happens to bo tbo aim of a traffio-managor to eudcuvour to driva pas sengers on tho main line, and to visit with all possiblo retributive dolays tho hostilo British public-whon- it-will travel on a branch, wo could not be considered to havo made up for lost timo on the branch. In tho fourth plaoe, it didn't holp us forward to bo oompollcd to travel ono huudrod and twoDty-soven miles roundabout in a parabola, in order to reach Chelcbester, which, at starting, wbs only fifty- oiglit miles from Avominstor. In the fifth nmt last place, we wero not got to Chelohcster yot ; and it would havo boon money in my poekot iff I never bad. " Swinbro' — Swinbro.' Clrango hero for Marchmont and Nutohley. Clrango hero 1" Almost timo for a change, I reflected, con sidering I hod . boon nine hours out on a journoy of fifty-eight miles, aud was still far off from my destination. Looking - out from my window of a first-oloss compartment, I saw it was a cheerless drizzling oiglitpand the rail- way porters wero steaming in tue mtsty air as thoy hurried tp "and fro past the gleam of the lamps. Remonstrating with the guard respeating our train being nearly an hour late, and the time past oleron at night, he soothed my irritation by telling me gruffly I had no business on a branch line, if I wanted to go anywhere ; and if I would go to out of tho way places like Chelcbester, I must bo very thank ful if the company put themselves-to the ex pense of taking ma thoro at all, aonsideriog branches didn't pay to work as n rule. A solitary., passenger- thon entered- my -car riage, or, rather, was banged into it by the guard. Another minute, and tbo gnard had banged himself into his van, emitting the growl, " Change here 1" Our fiery and restivo iron steed, no doubt weary with its headlong career of full twolve miles an hour/ gave a heroic neigh of triumph, resombliug a feeble crow, in emulation of past exploits, in days long before it was oondomncd to transportation on a branch, and dragged us off into the bleak night. ' I My companion was a tall, thin, middle-aged man, with a, face Iran and withered like a shrivelled apple, concluded below tho chin by a stiff satin cravat. In a dross, tight-fitting, and of onoiont and faded black, he looked altogether like a man who bad run- very much I to seed, whiob perhaps aooountod for the luxu- 1 riant growth of bis arms and legs, Observing I -his -clothes, steaming with tho damp air, I began to rcaliso it was very chilly. It ocr- I tuinly was. I " Quite a ohango in the weather," I re- I marked. " Very cold to-night, is it not ?" vuu b leui oum . luyfleir, feriiaps you i would like to change places fpith me? There is no draught hero." I replied" I should be very pleased to do so, if not to bis fnoonveniencej and accordingly we changed seats- It was cold, and no mistake. I must have taken n chill, for I folt the cold creoping over mo in a most' unaccountable manner. Looking at my companion on tlto opposilo scat, on whom tho lamp-light now shone full, I saw that his face was not so thin, nor his features so withered, as I had at first supposed ; and I must have inado a mistake as to Ids age, -for-lio-was-by-no-means-rso-old-as-l- ltad-pro-- viou8ly judged. IIuw cclJ it-was to bo euro ! As I continued to look at him, . I noticed his aspect changed momently— that ho was grow ing younger; that tho wrinklos in - his face were filling out, and smoothing down ; and that he was gradually becoming like sorao one -Lhiid soon before. As his cheoks grew round . and ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown before my very eyes, I beoame in such a state of nor.vous agitation, I endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I was paralysed with the cold— cold that seemed to mako my limbs rigid, and numb my vitals; for I saw tho man sitting before mo was no longer a stranger- no mero friend or acquaintance : he had bo- oorae me ! _ I held up my hands to try and shut out the RIITnt,. on/1 na T /)i/1 On on m then men- !!.. 1 — B-; WIU UW| oraw tlinjf CTUIC WltlltilUUy and thin, and old. I pressed them ou my brow, to soo ifl were dreaming ; but I found -it-ehriyeiledj-and-soamed. and puckered. And I knew that this man, this fiend, had stolen my body, and given me his. Maddened with the discovery, I roso to my. feet — his feet — whioh swayed beneath me, and I slruok wildly at the vision of myself on the other seat. But I found my arras light as vapour, for they passed over his body, whioh wont through them, giving me the impression of pain. It was a body of shade. that had ..been "given - me for my own body, of flesh and blood, which this wretch had stolen. By some sorcery or other, we had indeed changed places. " Sorcerer, demon I" I oried out, only to hear myself speaking with bis sharp, oraoked voice. When I saw myself sitting opposite to mo, coolly addressing mo in my own voice, I could no longer credit my senses, if indeed I had any of them at all loft of my own. . "Daresay you think you aro spooking loud now," he said, . I answorod by calling the guard as loudly as I could halloo. . " Ah, you might coll a good deal loudor than that, -if -the carriage wero full of passengers, and tboy could nonioro hear you than thoy -could seo you," ho continued chuckling nnd' screwing up my "features -into a hideously knowing Knn, such as I could oovor bavo rondo thorn assume. " You seo my friend, yotus is a body of-nir, ofahadow, insensible, impalpable to all but myself, just as it was to all but you when 1 entered the carriage. You wish, .per-" hops, to know who I am ? Woll,_ two years ago to-night, I was ' a passenger by' this very up-mail. _T-lier8 was a collision with a stupid down- goads, you seo, aud the result was that scvoral passengers were injurod. One of them was— well, it's no use mincing matters — killed on the spot. Quite so : it ivas I. Yos, I am what you call a ghost,' though we consider tho word rather infra dig. amongst ourselves, nnd linvo a better term fur it. Now I have told you "wiiut I am, you will like to know what I want? Vory good. You shall soe." The ghost in my body then logon to fcol in my pookols, from whiolt ho drow out my meer schaum, loadod it from my pouch, and lightod it with ouo of my Vosuvians. "Ah," ho proceeded, whiffing the weed rapidly, " you Bmoko vory good stuff — Golden Leaf and Roturns : not a bad mixture, though I profer a littlo Latokia with it myeolf. Not at all a bad body yours oltber," ho went on, eyeing the form in which ho was sitting— "not at ail a bad body ; and it fits me to a T, only I a little short in the arms. By the nay, I find ono of your front teoth a little loose, so don't say T aid that, when you come to yoursolf again; and your noso is a little long for me, but I darosay it blow9 nono tbe worso for that." I I shuddered asl saw-him take out my band- kerchief, and use it on that ohorishod organ of mine. " Yes, I darosay now you feel the cold a I littlo ; I did at first ; but it's nothing when you are used to it. I find your body very' hot — being heavier than l am accustomed tonoar ; but it won't bo for long?.' I require it ' poai- -tivcly-for-tliis-pight-cnly,' asyou-say— in-your- ptnybilis; and will return -it uninjured by tho timo wo gat to Oheiohester. By-tlie-bye, let mo beg you to be a littlo careful haw you throw your arms about so. much as you did just now, for my body is of a mora delicate construction than yours; and being so thin in substanoo lam afraid you will scag it tiudcr tho arm-pito. You will observe, ladle's and gentlemen," he went, on in a lecturer's style, "that ifl take alighted Vcsuvian; and insert it in the cornor of the patient's eyo, ho will foci no paiu," Saying this, ray dreadful com- panion proceeded to- illustrate- his romark by making a diva at ray shadowy eye with a burn ing match. I felt no paiu as the matoh burned in my head, certainly. " You will allow, after all you see, that my shapa has its advantages," tho ghost proooeded, "but it. also -has its disadvantages. Try tho pipe now." I tried to toko the pipe ; it dropped through my vapoury fingers. He I placed it in my mouth r I oould not hold it nor get a whiff from it. " Precisely so," said the ghost. " Now, this is just what haa brought me hero to Dightr-Agr'eat smoker-all my-lifo'p doing my six pipes a day regularly, I have been defunct these two years — and during all that time I haven't had a smoke 1 not a blessed draw I I miss my 'bacco dreadful. 'There is provision made for smokers, down- with us, you will understand ; but wo are. governed by a Board of Directors, ' whoso incapacity quite equals that of our City Boards. . There isa slock of bodies kept on purpose for smokofe, so that, if you want a pipe, you-muBt go into one of the bodies to enjoy it." Bdt if you will believe me, the supply is so notoriously in sufficient to meet the demand, that there is no chance whatever for a how ghost ' to get a smoke." When I entered, the society all the bodies_wora out in uso, and booked for three years in advance. My name has been down on the books for two years, and there is no likeli hood o'f my getting a body for 'the next twelve month. Fancy two years without a smoke 1 Why, sir, tbo incompetcuco of our board is positively wooden. I can only explain the reason why we put up with suoh gross mis management in the other world, because we bavo become so UBcd to it in'this. Our consti tutions,- however, are facing undormined to that oxtent, that the Board has at last boen coeroed by popular fooling into passing a mea sure empowering ghosts to render themselveB visible to single individuals at a a timo, in order that they may effeot an exohango of bodies, for short periods, always with the consent of tho person in question, for the pur pose of indulging in a habit whiob tho direc tors 1 cannot, however, but ohardotei-iso as per nicious and iujurious.' Uador this new act I obtained your body . , "You never had my consent, fitnd !" I oried. 1 " It is vulgar to call nomos, my friend," the ghost replied, smoothing my moustacho with my fingers-; " but you aro trifling. I asked- you to change places with me, and you agreed, as you must be well aware -But,:dcar me, here we are at Oholchester; however, I must finish my pipe — think of two years, and not a blessed draw, my friend I" Tho train was pulling up. My companion leaned out of a window, pulling fast and furious. Plenty of time to change bodies," ho' Baid;. "it shall be dooo in an instant, as soon as tho. train stops." And he continuod loaning out and whiffing away great clouds of smoke, till wo came to tho platform. He hurriedly uiiwuacu uui, Uiu usui-a ot iuo iodscco, on tlie door-rail, as the guard oried, " Change here — change here ; all change here, if you please." A" sudden glow of warmth eoemcd to pass over me as I rubbed my eyes, and found, to my delight, my own smooth hands against my vory own unwrinklod cheeks. I looked up for my companion— he was gone— I was alone in the carriage. I was greatly surprised, when I got on tho platform, at being asked for my card by a very officious person ; still more so, on receiving a magistrate's summcqi In the morning. The officious person deposed that he was tho Secre tary of the Anti-tobacco Alllanco, and applied for a conviotion against the undersigned, undor oue of the by-laws of the cr mpany, for smoking in a railway carriage, tho property of the D. E. F. G. Company, contrary to their regula tions. Ho deolared to havo seen - me (only think !) — me loaning out of tho carriogo as it came into tho Chclaheater stath n, smoking a meerschaum pipe. The gnurd pave ovidenco that tho carriage certainly smellod very strongly qf tobaooo qn jirriviDg at Cholchester, sad that I was the only first-oloss passenger. A meorsohaum pipe answ/eting the officious person's description, wos found on my porson. Case wbs oloar." Fined forty shillings and costs. Nay, more— the cc.po of smoking in a railway oarriago has boon gibbetted at all the stations on tho -brunch line as a caution and warning to tbo British publio, in a solemn hlaok frame with my name and addi'ess and the amount of penalty enforced, at full length. It would have been usoless to attempt todis puts the caso beforo tbo magistrates. It it something? to have sat miA'R.HAlf ...tit. it- . public-— Chamber A mumo has sprung up 0f latofWT;- oyoio voluotpodu. This , a an nwkivar, „ j dangerous-looking machine, with fore wheels requiring to all appearance the udL of a Blondtu to ovoid an upset : and :„ .a of foot, nooidouts in tho streets, from il.1"""1 of tho "bl-cyolo," uro couslantlynm"."'.0 Sorao advonturous spirts went to tho Deri this way, and very naturally oamo to it'? Upon smooth ground a page of aoven or S! ' miloo an hour may be made without much dim oulty ; upon grass or on rough prouud ti aro of little use, and they onn hardlv hn », 1 up.hllL-Thei,eneh'Prifesserai:altX the ohtef prizes In the "Velooipodo Dorb J and other raoas at the Crystal Palace. ' 