THE PATRIARCH OF CONSTANTINOPLE AND THE POPE. (Translated in the Guardian from the Eastern Star.) AT the discussion at the Patriavoli's Palace concerning the invitation to the Council to be held in Home on Thursday in last week (Octo- ber 3rd), two priests of the company of Monsignor Bruno, the Envoy of His Holiness the Pope of Rome at Constantinople, came to the Protoayncellium and requested an audience with the Most Holy Patriarch, the part of Dom Tests, as agent of M. Brunoni, now absent at Rome. The time appointed for the interview was between 9 and 10 on Saturday, October 5. About 10 o'clock on Saturday, Dom Tests arrived, accompanied by three other priests, of whom one spoke Greek a little ; all, however, spoke French. After interchange of salutation at the Protosyncollium they were conducted by the ProtosyncclluB to His Holiness. Having entered the presence of His Holiness and kissed his hands, they took their seats at the kindly invitation of the Patriarch, who embraced them. While His Holiness was proceed- ing with the customary expressions of kindness and goodwill, they all rose, and Dom Toatas took from his bosom a letter, tied with with gold cord, and in a purple cover, and handed it to the Patriarch, while the priest next to him BOY 1 in Greek :-" In the absence of Brunei to come to invite your Holiness to the Ecumenical Council to be held at Rome in the next year, on the 8th December, and therefore we call on you to accept this present written summons." His Holiness, having indicated by a motion of the hand that the gold fastened epistle which Dom Tests brought should be laid on the desk, and that they should be seated, addressed them in an earnest tone, indicative of paternal love and kindness. " If the daily papers of Rome, and others deriving information from them, had not published the letter of summons of His Holiness to the as yo call it, Ecumenical Council at Rome, and, consequently, if vi of had not known the object and contents of the letter, and the principles (platform or stand- point of His Holiness, we would thankfully have received the letter sent from the Patriarch of Old Rome, expecting thence to obtain some information. Since, however, the letter of summons already published in the newspapers has. revealed the principles of His Holiness principles utterly abhorrent from those of the Orthodox Eastern Church on this account at once sorrowfully and straightforwardly we tell your Holiness that we cannot receive either such a summons or such a document from His Holiness assuming as he does the same principles as have always been assumed by Rome-principles antagonistic to the spirit of the Gospel and to the teaching of the Ecumenical Councils and of the Holy Fathers. His Holiness having taken the same step also in 1818, summoned the Orthodox Eastern Church to make answer, by an encyclical letter, showing distinctly and clearly the opposite of the principles of Rome to the traditional and Apostolic ones the answer to which not only did not please, but also gave offence to His Holiness and that His Holiness was really offended the counter reply from him clearly showed and since His Holiness evidently will in nowise deviate from his own position, neither (by Divine grace) do we mean to deviate from our. Wherefore we do not wish to occasion to him fresh offence to no purpose, nor can we endure to reopen old wounds and stir up again extinct hatreds by questions and disputing of words which and, for the most part, in broadness and ill will whereas rather each of us has need at this time, if ever, of evangelical and common love and sympathy, on account of the many and various dangers and trials which surround the Church of Christ, Nor, again, is any mutual understanding or discussion in Council possible unless there exist first the common basis of the same principles acknowledged by both. And further, our opinion is that the most successful and least irritating method of solving such questions is the historical method. Since it is manifest that there was a Church in existence ten centuries back which held the same doctrines in the East as in the West, in the Old as in the Now Rome, let us each recur to that and see which of us has added night, which has died nighod aught therefrom and for all that may have been added be struck off, if any there be, and wherever it be i and for all that has been diminished therefrom be re-added, if any there be, and whatever it be and then we shall all unawares find ourselves united in the same symbol of Catholic Orthodoxy from which Rome, in the latter centuries having strayed, takes pleasure in widening the breach by over now doctrines and institutions at variance with holy tradition." First Priest, Dom Tests : What opinions dis- cordant with tradition does your Holiness a band? The Patriarch To omit details, we cannot (so long as the Church of the Saviour is on the earth) admits. That there is in the Universal Church of Christ any bishop, supreme ruler, and head other than the Lord. 2. That there is any patriarch infallible and unerring, speaking ex cathedra, and above Ecumenical Councils, in which latter is infallibility when they are in accordance with Scripture and Apostolic tradi- tion. 3. That the Apostles were, unequal (in contempt of the Holy Ghost, who enlightened them all equally) e, or 4, that this or that Patriarch or Pope had pre-eminence of so at, not by human and Synodical arrangement, but (as you assert) by Divine right and other similar points. The Second Priest: It is not proposed that Rome should change her principles. The Third Priest : Since the Council of Florence having examined such points united the two Churches, but still some individuals were left out of that union, those it is whom the Holy Father invites to the approaching Ooumoni cal Council, that those who may be perfectly united. The Patriarch : None but an uneducated man (and your Holiness belongs not certainly to this class) can by possibility be ignorant how many things have been spoken and written against the Council of Florence. And, disputes having arisen immediately after the last Session of that compulsory assembly, the forced union died in its swaddling clothes. An assemblage collected on political grounds, on grounds purely of worldly interest, and which ended in a decision imposed for a time on some few of our Church by dint of starvation and every kind of violence and threat by him who was then Pope such an assembly is not even worthy of the sacred name of Council. According to an Ecumenical Council-Ooumcnicul Church and true Catholicity is, and is defined to be, that holy and undefiled body in which findon dently of its material extent) the BUILT of the pure teaching of the Apostles in hold, and the faith of the whole Church on earth, as it was established and thoroughly tried for the first eight centuries after the foundation of the Church, during which period the father, both of the East and West, and the seven and only Ooumcnicul and most holy and inspired Councils speak one and the same heavenly utterance of the Gospel. Lot those Councils, and those reverend authors, whose writings are familiar to all, be the safe and unerring guide of every Christian and bishop of the West who honestly longs and socks for Gospel truth, They are the highest touchstone of Christian truth. They are the safe path on which we can meet with the holy kiss of unity of doctrine. But every one who travels outside of that path will be regarded by us as incapable of forming the centre around which to gather the members of the orthodox Catholic Church. But if haply any of the Western bishops have doubts regarding any of their doctrines, and wish to meet, let them meet and discuss them every day if they please. We have no BIICII doubts regarding the traditional and unalterable doctrines of religion and moreover, reverend Fathers, it being a question of an QDouinonicul Council, it surely does not escape your memory that the Ecumenical Councils were convened in other fashion than as His Holiness has convened this. If His Holiness the Pope of Rome had respect to Apostolic equality and brotherhood, it were fitting that (as an equal among equals in point of dignity, but first by canonical right in rank of his age), he should have directed a separate letter to each of the Patriarchs and Synods of the East, not in encyclical and dictatorial form to impose it as though he were lord and master of nil, but as a brother to brethren equal in honor and station, to ask them if, how, where, and under what conditions they would agree to the assembling of n Holy Council. This being so, either do so, too, recur to history and the General Council in order that on historical grounds may be restored the much longed for true and Christian unity or we will again content ourselves with continued prayers and supplications for the peace of the whole world, the security of the Churches of God, and the union of all Christendom ; but, under such circumstances, we assure you with sorrow, that we consider the convening of the Council ruin and fruitless, and also this document which you have brought. Fourth Priest he prayer alone, then, able to restore unity? If a man is sick, even while we expect the hearing to come from God, and for this end offer earnest prayers and supplica- tions, yet we neglect not to provide for him physicians and remedies. The Patriarch : Speaking of healing in comparison with spiritual things, only the Omnis- cient founder and performer of his own Church, Christ the Lord, knows of a certainty who it is that sick-how grievously sickness is-what in the form of the disease, and what the corresponding remedy. Wherefore we again repeat there is great need of prayer, fervent and un causing prayer, to our Lord, who is love itself, that He will inspire all with love to God and all that leads to salvation. having thus spoken, His Holiness ordered the Protosyncollui (who had sat next him and interpreted his words in French-to take the document from the dock and give it back to the agent of the Monsignor Brunei who had delivered it is and BO rising up they pave the due reverence, and having received a kind farewell from His Holiness, they left the room and departed, accompanied as far as the stairs by the Protoayncollua.-Extracted from the Official Account of the Prolosyncellium. 