DRAPER MEMORIAL CaURCH. The very elegant and commodious Draper Memorial Church, Gilbert-street, has so far approach d completion that the opening services were conducted <>n Sunday, December 27. Unlike other parts of Adelaide, the south side Is strikingly deficient in ecclesiastical edifices, and it was to provide greater facilities for public worship than had previously existed that this church was built. The denoraiuation with which it is connected is sanguine of its being .sufficiently well situate! and convenient to ensure- the regular attendance of a large congregation. Its lofty spire and general proportions inake it a very conspicuous object in this quarter of the city, and although the scaffolding is still up, enough can be seen of the exterior to judge favourably of the appearance of the structure, its durability and adaptability to the purposed >r which it is intended. As we have already intimated, it has not yet left the builder's hands, a considerable amount of work having still to be finished outside. In consequence of this, the usual tea and public meeting in connection with the opening will not take place till after the aunual Wesleyan Gonference in February next. The in terior of the building, first exposed to the public gazs on Sunday, will p iss criticism uuscathed, it being lofty, roomy, and well lighted through stained windows by day and with gas at night. The acoustic properties were found unexception able, the voice easily filling all parts of the edifice, even to the gallery, devoted to the choir and Sun day-school children. Subjoined is the description of the building given by us on the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone, which, it may be remembered, took place on October 15, lSb'7:— " The general style of the building is first pointed or early English carried out in hard stone rubble, with freestone dressings. The main entrance is in the centre of the front, and through the tower, which is within the line of the front. Above the roof the tower is diminished by weatherings to the bellchamber. to which there is a large triplet louvred opening on each of the four faces of the tower, surmounted by a gablet. Above the bellchamber the building is finished by an octa gonal spire rising to a height of 120 feet from the street level. The front and flanks are enriched by buttresses, pinnacles, and engaged shafts, with foliated capitals and corbels. The front doorway and large centre window over are enriched with shafts, mouldings, and toothed ornament. There is a large schoolroom at present close to the rear of the site, which influenced the arrange ment of the building so far as the adapting of the space on the ground floor on each sine of the tower for rooms to be used for a time as vestries, while the spaces in the gallery over these rooms are seated for children of the Sunday, school. The gallery projects three pews beyond the inner face of the tower, and the centre portion of this part will _ be occupied oy the choir. The ceiling, which is flat in the ceutre and sloped a little at the sides, is divided into compartments by moulded ribs, with bosses at the intersections, and has a cornice at the side wails. The middle compartments have each a large perforated flower in the centre, opening to a shaft communicating with dormers on each side of the roof, and the ventilation can be regulated at pleasure from one of the vestry rooms. The fronts of the pulpit, plat form, and gallery will be iron work of Gothic design. The fittings are of cedar, and the church will he seated to accommodate 576 persons. The whole of the work, exclusive of the fence, is con tracted for by Mr. W. Bundey, of North Ade laide, at £4.237. The architect is Mr. James Cumming." The Kev. J. G. Millard (First Adelaide Circuit) preached in the morning from the Slth Psalm, 1st and 10th verses—"How amiable are Thy tabernacles, O JLord of Hosts. For a day in thy courts is better than a thousand. I had rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my God than to dwell in the tents of wickedness." There was a large attendance. Mr. Millard, at the commencement of his address, remarked that it must be a matter of deep interest to many that such a promising addition to the public places of worship in Adelaide bad been made. The puhiic sanctuary was an important appendage to religious worship, and from a very early date much was said in the iuspired writings concerning it. Wise men and kings hail taken part in ceremonials appertaining to the public sanctuary, and thought the honour more than legal. On the dedication of these sanctuaries to their holy purpose, God vouchsafed His presence by sending down fire from heaven to consume the sacrifice on the altar, and filling it with His visible glory. He rejoiced in the goodness of His Holy Temple, which was known to be the place of His presence, where He met with His people. The old dispensation was the anti-type of the later cue, in wbich a correspon dence with the type was throughout observable, The material house was not absolutely necessary for the worship of God. which might with equal efficacy be conducted uuder the blue cauopy of Heaven. The public sanctuary was, however, as desirable and useful under the Christian economy as under the Mosaic dispensation. Christians possessed the same feelings now as the apostles and niartys, prophets and patriarchs. They could therefore cherish the same sentiments as the "sweet singer of Israel" when he said "1 would rather lie a doorkeeper in the house of my God than to dwell in the tents of wickedness." The text, he said, suggested the three following distinct heads:— First, the public sanctuary considered as the material house of God; secondly, its uses and excellency; and, thirdly, the sentiments and feelings with which it should fee regarded. To show the magnificence and splendour of ancient sanctuaries, he need only cite the instance of Solomon's Temple, in the erection of which 700,000 men were employed day and night for seven years, and millions upon millions of pounds expended on it. The entire expense of this vast undertaking was borne by the people, by whose free-will offerings the enormous cost was defrayed. The ancient tabernacles were always raised by the contributions of the people. God did not reserve anything on earth for Himself, hut left it to His creatures to devote a portion to His service. The great use of the sanctuary was prayer and the gratification afforded to beli -ving hearts. Hence the hypo critical were guilty of an invasion upon divine rights when in the public sancturary. He hoped that the building in which they were assembled would be known as a place where prayer was wont to be made, and that it would frequently resound with the prayer of the publican, "God be merciful to me a sinner." He trusted that the congregation would not neglect to pray for their ministers. Even St. Paul, with his gigantic mind, required the prayers of the Church. He advised them never to be late in their attendance, hut to be regular, and never to act in any way oth.-r than that befitting the houss of God. The edifice had been named after the Eev. Mr. Draper, but it was not to he supposed that anything was in tended bordering on mere ministerial idolatry. Those who bad enjoyed the inestimable advantage of hearing and knowing Mr. Draper woul-1 have predicted that he was capable of meeting with the glorious end which he experienced. The only parallel to the glorious death of Mr. Draper that he had been able to find was that of Lord MoleBworth, described in Dr. Smith's "History of Methodism." Those who were acquainted with Mr. Draper would see that a fitting memorial had been erected to his memory. Id conclusion, he appealed to those present to give liberally towards the Building Fund; and to furnish some idea as to what was required of them in this Tespecthe mentioned that the contract amounted to £4,237, to which had to be added about £150 for extras, raising the total sum to £4,387, Towards this they had raised, by subscriptions promised last year and nearly all paid, £!,<I5U; by collections at the opening, £120; and by the two bazaars, £1,200—making a total of £2,370; leaving a debit balance of about £2,000, which he hoped they would energetically try to reduce. The Bev. F. W. (Jos (Hindraarsh-square Con gregational Church) discoursed in the afternoon to a somewhat smaller audience from Second Chronicles, 6th chapter and 18th verse: — " But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth? Behold, heaven and the heaven of h ovens cannot contain Thee; how much less this house which I have built." In commencing his address, Mr. Cox dwelt upon the circumstances which had called forth the prayer of Solomon, of which the text formed a part. . The temple of Jerusalem, which was one of the wonders of the world, was then nearly completed. Ail religions had the prevailing desire for some manifestation of the Deity—some recognition of His dwelling-place. Thisdesire was evidence ! by the temples of India and Egypt, the vast edifices of the East, and the meaner structures of the South Sea Islanders. The sentiment in the , text respecting the insufficiency of heaven to con- ' tain God reminded them of the instinct to look upward in search of the Throne of the Almighty Here too they obeyed this instinctive feeling, and viewed the cerulean expanse with the solemn -awe excited by the belief of its being the seat of the majesty of God. The prayer of Solomon was offered up on the occasion of the consecration of the Temple. That structure was the most beau tiful and the costliest that had ever been erected. The devices of art were lavished uuon it, at d the finest principles of architecture were employed in its design. Everything in connection with it was upon a scale of the utmost grandeur and magnifi cence. As the temple was gorgeous in its appoint ments, so it wcs glorious in its spiritual signifi cance. Its temporal grandeur was upon a scale approaching to its sacred object. The ceremonies which then obtained were now entirely changed. God bad come to His people much nearer than through the Temple. Under the old dispen sation the Geutiles were excluded from God. Now, the whole world had an equal share in the holy privileges of the sanctuary. In conclusion, he reminded those present that in the erection of thiB church they were invited to give their hearts to Christ, and lie warned them not to defile it by passion, lust, avarice, falsehood, or malice. The _ Rev, William L. Binks (Chairman of ! the District) officiated in the evening. There was a crowded congregation, all parts of the building, including the gallery, being densely thronged. Mr. Biuks chose as his text 1 Thess. i., part of the 5th verse—"For our Gospel came not unto you in word only, but also in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance." In the first place, he directed attention to the way in which the Word was preached to theThessalonians; and. secondly, the manner in which they received it. In the course of a powerful and eloquent dis course, Mr. Binks gave an exhaustive account of the facts, and then proceeded to improve the occa sion by a practical application of them to his hearers. The collections throughout the day amounted in the aggregate to £37 4s. 2d. 