A rERiiAJient supply of water for tho district \- v J r f - ^ s , - , ,, - uj. o.ui^, luu-jis, ana. larraers aaxo periodically suffer from drought, where the whole water supply for the year is dependent upon the natural storage of the streams descending the Pyrenees. Brawling torrents in winter, conveying many million gallons of water to be evaporated to profitless purpose, in summer the streams that water the Avoca valley become dried up; sheep cattle, and horses die of thirst; mining as an industry becomes paralysed, sometimes for months, and yet these evils are in a great measure preventable. The Government has apparently determined to leave this and other districts similarly situated—for a time at least — as regards water supply, to their own resources. Want of money, and perhaps a prudent desire to know the result of the first attempts of the kind made on a large scale in the Castlemaine and Sandhurst districts, have doubtless influenced the Government in this decision; it remains therefore for the inhabitants, in the matter to adopt what temporary measures of relief they best may. What can be done in the shape of water storage has been repeatedly shewn within the last few years in various portions of the colony of Victoria, as also in New South Wales. In the last named colony, the waterless plains of the Riverine District —in former years practically uninhabitable during the summer months—are now through the expenditure of a little patient industry rendered profitable to the occupants during the whole year. There is scarcely any portion of Victoria entirely destitute of water during the winter season; indeed, in many districts, more especially in our own, the water-shed is most extensive ; but the great object hitherto appears to have been, instead of storing the surplus water, to facilitate its course to the lagoons and marshes in the vicinity of the Murray, where it speedily becomes evaporated. Nothing, we believe, would be more conducive to the fertility of the district than the construction of a number of small reservoirs by the owners or occupiers of land where facilities for water storage naturally exist. These and damming back the smaller watercourses, would ensure in seasons like the present, if not abundant supplies of the needful element, at least sufficient to render impossible the loss of stock from drought so often and so loudly complained of. We are aware that many farmers and stockowners have adopted the system we now advocate, but that the great majority of those directly interested in securing a permanent and local water supply, neglect this great adjunct of prosperity, is equally true. Low-lying lands, in the winter season, in the vicinity of Avoca, are often so flooded as-to render drainage indisputable; but the water so obtained, instead of being carefully stored, fac is allowed to run to wasiS t > 18 S ot n d of as a nuisance- Accident, Of chance, in he formation of our main roads and highays, has repeatedly furnished valuable xamples of water storage ; the raising of n embankment has often served a purpose nlocked for by the presiding engineer. In any portions of the colony dams have thus been formed that in the summer season have proved invaluable. It is really pitiable to see, all over the colony, the beds of streams over which, in winter, many million gallons of water b.Sve flowed, incapable of supplying, iri summer, the wants of a thirsty traveller. Roads and bridges are, of course, of prime necessity, but due regard should be had by our Shire Councils and other local bodies to secure permanent supplies of water, especially in districts where the effects of drought are so often and so disagreeably experienced. Efforts of this kind cannot, we are aware, compare with works of a similar nature undertaken by the State for the purpose of irrigation on a large scale, but private enterprise can effect a eat deal more in this way than at i mid seem credible. The Government e disposal and drainage of swamps lakes in various portions of the colony, has, we believe, committed itself to a most suicidal policy ; the number of these reservoirs instead of being lessened should be increased by artificial means as far as possible. Some few years ago the want of available water for stock of all kinds was the source of incalculable loss to many hundreds of industrious men in the Avoca district. The water supply has certainly improved of late years through the enterprise and forethought of private individuals ; but where a fey/ are to be found manfully putting their shoulders to the wheel, at least ten times the number look on with folded hands, depending upon frequent rainfalls for supplies of water which they could permanently secure at very little outlay to themselves. Irrigation, on an extensive scale, we need not look for—perhaps for years ; we would, therefore, advocate in the meantime the construction of reservoirs, which, however small, will bo found at all seasons and more especially in one of drought, to do more than repay the attend- ing outlay. A bountiful supply of water at Avoca. for domestic purposes, laid on by pipes at the door of every householder, is a matter that sooner or later must command attention. The experience of the mining companies now employed in working the underlying strata of the Avoca valley, proves that in the drift some 80 feet below the surface, water of the purest quality is obtainable, and in almost unlimited quantity. Some scheme to supply the wants of the j I town of Avoca with the needful element without recourse to water carts or cth°r clumsy contrivances, we look upon as likely consideration. Thrashing forms at the present time, the cir'e occupation of farmers and selectors ; The continua dry weather proving very favourable, for sucl operations in the open air. From all quarters we hear great complaints of the drought, grass and water have become so scarce to the north and west, that it is feared the s: ock on many stations will have to be removed to more favored regions. Market gardens and vineyards are suffering very much from lack of moisture, and the grape crop promises to be far less abundant this season than last. The head teacher and the committee of the Avoca Common School have issued the following circular to parents. The object sought to be attained is so important that we give the circular publicity in our news columns :—With the view of increasing the efficiency of the school, as a means of raising the average attendance, the Committee and the head teacher desire to impress upon parents the great importance of sending their children regularly to school. Intermittent attendance is injurious alike to the teacher and to the taught ; unfair to the former, and renders the satisfactory progress of the latter all but unattainable. To encourage greater regularity it has been determined to give a number of prizes for attendance only, which prizes will be open to every boy or girl, without reference to age or scholarship. Prizes will also be given for proficiency, to be decided by the aggregate number of marks obtained at quarterly examinations. The prizes, both for attendance and proficiency, will be publicly awarded, at the annual speech day which it is proposed to hold in the Shire Hall at Christmas. By the adoption of the above means, the committee and the head teacher hope, with the assistance of the parents interested, to increase the present average attendance (103) to the number (125) requisite before the teaching power at present employed in the school can be ii.creased." So soon as the requisite number in average attendance shall have been permanently attained, we believe it is the intention to secure the services of a second female teacher of mature years, with first-class certificates and metropolitan experience for the tuition of the eldest girls. The contemplated arrangement must so commend itself to mothers of families that they will doubtless be only too glad to assist the committee by using every exertion to bring about so desirable a result. There are but few causes set down for hearing at the County Court, Avoca, on Wednesday next. The list is as follows :—Snell v Nicholls, Same v Leonard, Same v Golden Lake Gold Mining Company. An alteration has been made in the issue of the Government Gazette ; in the future it will be published on Fridays only, instead of Tuesdays and Fridays as heretofore. In another column will be found the evidence adduced at a magisterial inquiry held upon the remains of Mr Amos Cheale, mining manager of the Friburg Mining Company, who was murdered on Tuesday last at St Arnaud. With reference to this terrible crime and its perpetrator, who remains still at large, considerable excitement has been occasioned throughout the district, the police having been employed several days scouring the bush, in the hope of securing the murderer, but without success. On Thursday night it was very generally supposed that Vair (the murderer) had succeeded in making his escape to another portion of the colony. At the same time it was feared by some that he still remained concealed in the bush in the neighborhood of St Arnaud or Avoca, at the latter place more especially, as two intimate friends of Mr Cheale resided here, against whom Vere had uttered threats of a similar fate to that of Mr Cheal. Yesterday morning the police were startled by intelligence brought in by the mailman driving the coach between St Arnaud and Moonambel, that at about half-past three o'clock on the same morning, on the road between St Arnaud and Stuart Mill, he had been stuck up by Vair himself, who, armed to the teeth, requested him to forward four letters which he gave him, one addressed to the " Lord Justice," the others to residents of St. Arnaud. Vair stated that he had not finished yet, and that there were more he would serve like Cheale, of whose death he expressed himself glad to learn. The moment this intelligence, which was telegraphed to the Superintendent of Police, arrived at Avoca, the local constables, horse and foot, started off to scour the scrub, whilst from other stations troopers were ordered to assemble ; a telegram was also forwarded to St Arnaud requesting the authorities there to organize a body of mounted volunteers to assist in Vair's capture, who, there can be no doubt, lies concealed in the dense scrub between Stuart Mill and St Arnaud. The letters given to the mailman were of a very rambling and unintelligible kind, and appear to have been concocted by Vair for the purpose of bringing forward for his defence the plea of insanity. The mailman who met Vair, it may be mentioned, has known him personally for upwards of twenty years. Up to a late hour last night we were without intelligence as to the success of the efforts made to secure the person of the murderer. The funeral of Mr Cheale took place on Wednesday, the remains of the unfortunate gentleman being followed to their last resting place by about 300 friends. We are in receipt of an esteemed correspondent's letter, urging public thankgivings for the late bounful harvest, and we regret that through the manuscript being mislaid, it does not appear in this issue. It will appear in our next. The mining manager at the Golden Lake Company reports that the whole of the plant has been removed to the new shaft, with the exception of the puddling machines. The water from the new shaft has been bailed out, the shaft cleaned up ; and sinking will be resumed to-day. The mining manager proposes to sink the shaft with buckets, which he thinks will be all sufficient to deal with the water. The present depth of the shaft is 112½ feet. The depth at which bottom is likely to be touched is uncertain, and may range from 120 to 130 feet. No particular difficulty is anticipated from the water. The engines were started on Saturday last, and were found to work smoothly and satisfactorily. The Ararat Advertiser of Tuesday last informs us that a few days since two or three boys went out hunting opossums and discovered the skeleton of a human body in a large tree situated near to the Eaglehawk claim. The position of the remains and other circumstances connected with them, lead directly to the belief that they are those of an aboriginal. One of the men at work upon the claim gave the skull to Mr Swan, who submitted it to Dr Galbraith, of this town, and that gentleman at once pronounced it to be that of a blackfellow. The other portions of the frame are described as nearly perfect, but owing to the fright which the boys experienced when the skull first came to light, some difficulty was found in discovering the tree and examining the rest of the remains. The head had evidently been wrapped in some description of coarse canvass, portions of which were still adhering to the skull. A fatal accident occurred on Friday last, at the farm of Mr Gann, Kiora, to one of the men named Buckwortb, who was loading a bullock dray with corn sheaves at the time. Buekworth came too far beyond the frame of the dray, and owing to the slipperiness of the lading the upper sheaves slid off and precipitated him upon the pole of the dray and thence to the ground, when the wheels of the waggon passed over his head. Duckworth never gave the slightest sign of life after his fail. He was taken up and such remedies as were available were tried unsuccessfully. The coroner gave an order for the burial of the deceased on Saturday, as the accident was witnessed by others who were there and the cause of death was plain. From the Ararat Advertiser we learn that some cruel very and cowardly person has tried to revenge himself upon an owner of cattle residing at Opossum Gully, by stabbing one of his cows. The unfortunate beast was missed from the herd when driven home on the evening of Friday, and on search being promptly made she was found in a gully about a quarter of a mile away from the stockyard, with a shear blade driven far in between the short ribs, which was evidently inflicting intense pain upon the animal. For a crime of this sort there is scarcely a name severe enough ; murder is committed some times under extenuating circumstances, but there are no surroundings to an act of this nature which could in any degree be regarded as reducing the atrocity of the crime. A man named James Stewart, sixty years old, employed by the Meat-Preserving Company, at Maribyrnong, was found on the plains between the Guiding Star Hotel and Truganina, on Sunday last, in a state of exhaustion. It appears that about a week ago he was placed in charge of a flock of sheep, and three or four days afterwards information was received at the company's works that the shepherd was seen drunk near the Kororoit Creek. A stockdriver was sent in search of Stewart, but could not find him ; and seeing his dog alone at the tent he suspected that the old man was drowned, and at once reported what he knew to the police. Yesterday morning a constable was despatched from Wiliiamstown with drags to search the creeks and waterholes. He arrived at a spot near Truganina about eight o'clock, and discovered that Stewart had been found a few minutes before by a stockdriver named Ballantine, lying upon his back, on the open plain, in an exhausted state. Some port wine was given him, and as he appeared to rally a conveyance was obtained for the purpose of carrying him to the Melbourne Hospital, but on reaching the Guiding Star Hotel the constable observed that the man was dead. The corpse was then brought on to Wiliiamstown, and placed in the morgue. Under the heading of "A Ghostly Pig" the Pleasant Creel News gives the following highly colored narrative of a ludicrous scene in the local Cemetery :—" On a beautiful calm moonlight night, not long ago, a young lady, little embarrassed with that timidity which is supposed to be an attribute of the gentler sex, fancied an excursion to our Cemetery, She strolled about among the tombs, perusing the inscriptions, and meditating upon the grand themes of which such a place is so suggestive to a reflective mind, the slight feeling of nervousness which had oppressed her—that uneasy sensation, the natural consequence of a ghost-story education, which only herculean minds are free from when entering an enclosure dedicated to the burial of the dead—having now almost entirely disappeared. Suddenly the funeral stillness and quietude rudely broken—a shrill, discordant, quavering scream filled the air, making her very blood curdle and her cheek blanch. She felt her hair stiffening with affright as the welkin again rang with the hideous noise. But what did she do ? Did she flee from the place, shrieking with terror, as some under such circumstances would have done ? No ! Our young lady friend, with determined courage, advanced boldly in the direction whence the sound proceeded. She arrived at the fence without having met with anything to explain the mystery, and climbing up in order to look around, her mind was not only relieved, but a revulsion of feeling set in, and she burst into a hearty cachination at the sight which presented itself. Not far from the fence a man was driving a m> before him. with a rope affixed to its leg, and But funniest of all, the man, on hearing the young lady laugh and seeing her peering over the fence, immagined he saw an apparition, dropped the pig, and ran for his life, leaving the young lady mistress of the field. Mr and Mrs Ducane proceeded to Tasmania on Monday by the steamship of the same name. They will land at Launceston and proceed overland to Hobart Town. The Victorian recruits lately landed at Wellington, are thus spoken of by the New Zealand papers :—."The constabulary recruits who arrived here by the Aihambra and Airedale left for Wanganui on Saturday. They looked a very fine body of men as they marched up to the militia office in the forenoon, but they gave ample proof of their rowdy character before they left in the evening. They had been billeted at the Empire Hotel, and apparently aware that there are no grog rations at the front, they were determined to have a good Miunk' before leaving. This laudable intention they fully carried out, and when the hour of embarkat ion approached very few of them were in a condition to traverse unaided the short distance between the Empire and the wharf. The scene in the vicinity of the hotel was extraordinary. There must have been at least 110 men in various stages of intoxication. Some were perfectly helpless, some inclined to maudlin sentimentality, but the majority inclined to be combative. Free fights seemed to be popular, but, as few of the patrons of that species of amusement were physically able to do much harm, the results were more ridiculous than dangerous. There were, however, several serious casualties in the clothing line, but this did not much matter, as there was of course a new suit of uniform ready to be donned when once landed in Wanganui. No one in particular seemed to be In command, not a single officer was present. Several cabs were called into requisition to convey our gallant defenders to the wharf, and on these .,r, ill thf> mist surpp'-'ner manner IVJtljOI e * ^ v.. w c wa:- • l ion, and it was well that he was there, for one of the men, either less drunk or more vicious than his comrades, or else fancying that he had actually arrived on the field where they no doubt burn to distinguish themselves, drew his knife, and was about using it in an unpleasantly energetic manner on those around them, when he was pinned by Major M'Barnett. the knife wrested from him, and he himself transferred to the care of the police." The man Alfred Moore, charged with having with malice aforethought fired at John Glover alias Vorkey at Rochester, on the 24 of December last, with intent to murder him, was brought up at the Echuca [Police Court on Tuesday. After hearing the evidence the bench committed the prisoner to take his trial at the next Circuit Court, to be holden at Sandhurst. A special correspondent of the Argus has been appointed to report upon the working of the 42nd, section of the Land Act, 1865, throughout the colony. His first experiences of the working of the Act in the Castlemaine district, full of interest to the country at large, were published in the Argus of Thursday last* A cowardly and unprovoked assault was committed by three soldiers of the 14th Regiment on constable James Hogan, about three o'clock on Tuesday morning. The constable on meeting the men in Little Collins street civilly accosted them, and observed that it was almost time they were at home, They replied that it would take all the police in Melbourne to take them home. They then rushed at the constable, beat him about the head and face, and having knocked him down, kicked him violently in the ribs and various parts of the body. On hearing the disturbance another policeman came up, and after a struggle, one of the soldiers, named Magin, was secured and conveyed to the watchhouse, but the other two escaped. The following specimen of servantgalism may perhaps interest and amuse our readers :—" To the Editor of the Argus.—Sir,—having lived in England as a servant, and being induced to come to Victoria about twelve years ago, I have lived as a servant in this country, I would ask you Why the Lawyrs and Merchants of Melbourne are allowed to turn servants off their Premises without Paing there wayges. It was ity misforfortuan in last winter to be engaged to serve Mr — as cook, and when I ask for my wayges he ordered me off his Place. It was about half past ten o'clock on A Sat urday night, and he assured me as I threthend to take procedings against him that his men would sware to anything—for as I hear he allows his men servants to sware falsely—I would like to know through the Press his it simpley because I am an unmaried woman and A protestant and therefore not a Dummy. Hoping you will excuse the badness of the Writing or Spelling as I was broat up in the days when English women payed for there schooling." At a time when so many small ventures are being launched, says the Argus, an Antimony Export Company, which has just been started, deserves some notice, its purpose being to procure and export antimony to the London market. The company has by way of commencement secured a very likely mine, at Lower Costerfield, which was abandoned some years ago, when the price of labour was very high, and crushing expensive. It is intended to begin work in a shaft already sunk to the dcptl" of seventy feet, the lade of the antimony org being there eighteen inches to three feet and a hat wide, and improving as the sinking progressed The promoters of the company, however, have also promising samples from another quarter. The latest account-sales from London returned a high priee for the antimony ore, and the supply, we learn, is now almost exclusively obtained from Australia, the mines of Borneo, whence large quantities used to be exported, having given out. A market in England is at all times open for any quantity of Australian antimony, and the company seems to enter on its work with a favorable prospect of steady returns. 