SOUTH AUSTKA.LIAN EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. I ! The adiourned meeting for the formation of an Alliance of Evangelical ChurcheB in South Aus- &uiance; 01 ri, oTr AlliniKt oo i n the tralia took place<m MondayAug!«, vestry to the Presbyterian Church, Fimaers street,. There was a large attendance of ministers, ana 01 members of Churches who were present in accor- • dance with the invitation founded on the resolu-; tian of the previous meeting of the ministers. The uonoi ine previous iiiccwLiB ; proceedings were opened with pwet. | The Eev. M. H. HODGE was voted to the chair, and stated that the meeting was assembled for the • purpose of considering a draft constitution which, . if worked out according to the principles laid down, i would, he believed, be a benefit both to individual the nhnrp.hpR mnn^ with members and the Churches connected with the S Abetter was read from the Eev. W. Nicholls, of Brighton, who was unable to be present, expressing his hearty concurrence with the movement. CONSTITUTION OF THE AM- IANCE. The draft constitution, embodied in the report of he Committee, was then taken into consideration lause by clause. The first clause, which was as follows, was, on the motion of the Bev. H. CHEETHAM, seconded by the Bev. C. HALL, agreed to without discussion: - "That this Alliance is not to be considered an alliance of denominations, or branches of the Church, but of individual Christians, each acting on his own responsibility.''' In reference to the second clause, declaring that no compromise of the views of a member of the Alliance was required or expected, Mr. W. H. Burford made some observations in favour of friendly discussion of poiuts of difference, which, however, it was pointed out did not come within the contemplated objects of the Alliance. After remarks by the Be vs. J. Henderson, E. S. Casely, and J. Stoyel, Dr. Campbell, and Messrs. G. W. Cotton and J. Cumming, it was deemed advisable to postpone the final consideration of the clause till after that fixing the terms of membership, which was accordingly done. BASIS OF MEMBERSHIP.. On the clause as to membership being proposed, as follows— "That the persons who compose the Alliance shall be members of Evangelical Churches, or those who are recommended by the minister of the congregation with which they statedly worship"— the Bev. J. G. MILLARD said the Evangelical Alliance at home had a doctrinal basis, and had defined prettv clearly what he thought they generally understood as evangelical views. The SECRE- TARY having read the resolutions of the British Evangelical Alliance fixing the basis of membership. the Eev. Mr. MILLARD proposed that they should be adopted as the basis of the South Australian Evangelical Alliance. (Applause.) Unless they adopted such a basis he feared they would go sadly astray. They would all feel great difficulty— an insuperable difficulty, he imagined—in considering any Church evangelical which denied the proper Deity of our Lord,and they wouldfeel some difficulty in considering a Church evangelical whose members entertained defective views with regard to the Deity or the personality of the Holy Ghost, or the cardinal doctrine of justification by faith alone. He therefore begged to move that they take what had been read as the basis of the Alliance. The basis of membership of the British Evangelical Alliance is as under:— "1. That the parties composing the Alliance shall be such persons only as hold and maintain what are usually understood to be evangelical views in regard to the matters of doctrines understated, namely: - L The Divine inspiration, authority, and sufficiency of the Holy Scriptures. 2. The right and duty of private judgment in the interpretation of the Holy Scriptures. 3. The Unity of the Godhead, and the Trinity of Persons therein. 4. The utter depravity of human nature, in consequence of the FalL 5. The incarnation of the Son of God, His work of atonement for sinners of mankind, and His mediatoiial intercession and reign. 6. The justification of the sinner by faith alone. 7. The •work of the Holy Spirit in the conversion and Banctification of the sinner. 8. The immortality of the soul the resurrection of the bodv, the judgment of the world by our Lord Jesu* Christ, with the eternal blessedness of the riahteous. and the eternal punishment of the wicked, fl. The Divine institution of the Christian ministry, and the obligation and perpetuity of the ordinances of baptism and the Lord's Supper. It is, however, distinctly declared—First, that this brief summary is not to be regarded, in any formal or ecclesiastical sense, as a creed or confession, nor the adoption of it as involving an assumption of the right authoritatively to define the limits of Christian brotherhood; but simply as an indication of the class of persons whom it is desirable to embrace within the Alliance; second, that the election of certain tenets, with the omission of others, is not to be held as implying that the former constitutes the whole body of important truth, or that the latter are unimportant." The Eev. W, L. BINKS had great pleasure m seconding the proposition, especially considering so much talent and such a length of time had been employed in the construction of that basis. It was evident that it had been framed, after due consideration. with a view of meeting the opinions of an extended class of individuals, because there were certain doctrines held by what were called Evangelical Churches not included in that basis. (Hear, hear.) It was apparent that there had been great forbearance manifested, and When they looked at the great good accomplished by the Alliance in England, he thought they should have a similar doctrinal basis. (Applause.) Mr. JAMFE CUMMINO supported the proposition, which he thought a great improvement on the clause proposed bv the Committee. (Hear, hear.) The Eev. J. JEFFEBIS would point out the difficulty there might be in persons becoming members of the Alliance if the proposed basis were adopted. Were they expected to subscribe to that creed before they were admitted? He belonged to a Church which did not like putting its hand to creeds of human devising, and fie thought the membership would be narrowed if they required a distinct declaration or subscription to the whole of the creed proposed. Mr- G. SHAW said there was one article in those which had been read that would certainly preclude him—that was as to the immortality of the soul. Christ was the giver of life and immortality, and therefore it was His gift alone. He believed in the eternity of the soul as strongly as any man, but he objected to the term "immortality of the souL" The Eev. J. ASHTON suggested that if that were understood to be the doctrinal basis of the Alliance all those applying for membership, who would know that to be the case, might be received without their making any declaration. The Bev. J. JEFFEBIS pointed out that the articles of the British Alliance were declared by a resolution following as not to be regarded as a creed, or as an assumption of the right to define the limits of Christian brotherhood, but simply as a definition of the class of persons whom it was desirable should form the Alliance. Nevertheless, he felt that in saying a person should either openly or tacitly subscribe to that creed, they would be narrowing the Alliance more than they ° U TheBev. Mr. BINES thought the last paragraph was a conclusive answer to the objection. Mr. YV, H. BUBFOBD proposed th$t the fjrst paragraph—"The Divine inspiration, authority, and sufficiency of the Holy Scriptures 1 '-should be accepted alone as the basis of the Alliance. The Bev. F. W. Cox would second that, with the addition of the second article, affirming the right of private judgment and interpretation. . Mr. H. S. EABL was convinced, with his fnend Mr. Jefferis. that if they undertook to make a creed, to which each member was compelled to subscribe, it would lead to considerable difficulty in ^ carmng out the Alliance with success. If they _ took the first clwse' as proposed, it appeared to him that was sufficient. If they attempted to j make a creed it was as much as saying the Scrip- ; tures were not sufficient—(No)—for if those doc-1 trines were contained in the Scriptures there : could be no necessity for a human creed. He saw ; no necessity whatever for any form of human i creed when they had a Divine one. I The Bev. G. VV. PATCHELL questioned whether if they did not adopt a doctrinal basis they would have an evangelipal alliance at all, and he was 1 " not prepared to unite with men who would deny any cardinal points of the Gospel. But if they , adopted a basis which did not include those truths they might have men connecting themselves with , them whose views would be as diverse " as the poles, making themselves a laughing-stock for their inconsistency. The Bev. J. G. WRIGHT said if the amendment were carried it would .admit Unitarians, and he Would sooner unite with a Boman Catholic than with one who would deny the divinity and work of Christ and the divinity and work of the Holy Spirit i in the conversion of souls. ' Mr. G. W. COTTON could accept the* Bible with the right of private judgment; but how it was to be received without that he could not understand. It | might be that in Young Australia he was too con-1 servative, or paid too much respect to those of all denominations whom he esteemed his fathers in 1 the Gospel; but he could not feel at liberty to join Sny Evangelical Alliance unless they had some maui understanding a§ to how they were to intepret, the Holy Word. • ; Dr. CAMPBELL believed an Alliance really on a doctnnal basis could not exist, and the fact that the Evangehail Alliance at home had prospered Showed that there was some machinery behind the doctrinal basis. The Bev. J. JEFFERIS pointed out the difficulty there would be in inducing persons to subscribe to d creed while the object they had in view was to Include in the Alliance all those who held what were with a fair amount of distinctness understood to be evangelical views. If they could only arrive at some means of defaning what were Evangelical Churches without the adoption 0f any peculiar views, they would then secure all their objects and pvoid all their dangers, (ttear, hear.) The Bev. J. HENDERSON approved of the adoption of the creed or tenets of faith; and the last clause very judiciously provided that no one was bound in su scribing to it to accept it as a complete creed, or to say that he did not believe m anything which was left out. MR. BUEFOBD attested that the Alliance should be open tQ pg^g who chose to preBent them. Bej ves f or membership. The Eev. J. PBica, like the Rev. Mr. Jefferis, belonged to a community who did not like to put their hands to creeds. At the same time, they had a general understanding as to the proper views, an(1 oa ^ ^ membership in fife Church , who ljoked t0 anythinK but the at£ neme nt 0 f the Lird Jesus Curist for salvation, he should advise to wait until he obtained clearer views, question of an Alliance was different ™™ u ^ ^ A t plough in the Church to which he belonged they professed to setk what was termed purity ot communion, he might once in six months or in twelve months be willing to sit down to the Lord's table with any who chose to partake without subscribing to any creed or profession, but simply as belonging to the Evangelical Alliance. Mr. T. J. GORE, if they were all agreed upon the fundamental point of the inspiration and authority of the Scriptures, could see no necessity for a creed; but if they were agreed so as to attach their names to certain articles, 6uch as a creed, they were highly responsible to God for not forming one single Church. As far as he was concerned it seemed to him the right course was .-imply, as they all could, to endorse the proposition before tliem. to take the Scriptures as their rule of faith and practice. , The Eev. H. CHEETHAM urged the adoption of the basis of the British Evangelical Alliance in its entirety, observing that if they wanted to have a substantial building they must have a good foundation, and there was a good foundation laid on which they could erect the superstructure. (Hear, hear.) The Bev. J. HENDERSON would not subscribe to it as his creed, but he would subscribe to it as the basis of an Evangelical Alliance. The Bev. Mr. BINKS presumed, though they had not all creeds, they all believed the views set forth in the resolutions. The Bev. J. LTALL. as one of the Committee, should have liked, if his brethren could have seen their way to it, for them to have adopted the report. At the same time he had no objection to a creed being adopted. The effect of it would simply be that gentlemen, knowing those were the views on which the Alliance was founded, would never, if these were not their views, think of' seeking admission to it (Hear, hear.) Mr. EARL, though he might endorse every word of it. would not associate with an Alliance that would adopt a human creed in place of a Divine one. If they took the words of Scripture, he was prepared to subscribe to them; but he was not to a creed couched in human language. The Uev. J. L. PARSONS said it would be impossible to expound a creed in the text of Scripture without first settling whether they were acting upon the authorized version or not. It seemed impossible to arrive at any real union unless they in some degree defined what they believed in. To leave it as proposed would, he thought, only lead to confusion. Mr. EABL pointed out what he held to be the distinction between matters of faith and matters of opinion. What he held to be a matter of faith, as that Christ died for our sins, might be clearly expressed in the language of sacred Scripture. But he objected to deductions from statements, which were matters of opinion, being introduced. The Bev. F. W. Cox, in supporting Mr, Burford's proposition, said he had a great objection to creeds, and never swore to one in his life.. When before the elders he gave a general statement of what he believed to be Scripture teaching; and more than that he should never undertake to do. Another reason for objecting to the articles proposed was that it would exclude the Society of Friends—a body of Christians amongst whom a good deal of his earliest life had been spent, and who for holiness, integrity, and zeal of Christian character were second to none—(Hear, hear)--some of the finest specimens of Christian character he ever had the pleasure of knowing were among the Society of Friends, and this creed would exclude them, because it made a formula of the perpetuity of the Lord's Supper. On that mainly he should support Mr. Burford'8 proposition. A motion that the articles be considered seriatim having been lost, Mr. Burford's amendment was put and negatived. The motion adopting the basis of British Alliance was carried nem. con. Subsequently, on the motion of the Bev. J. L. PARSONS, seconded by Mr. G. W. COTTON, the clause proposed by the Committee was agreed to as an addition. GENERAL PRINCIPLES. The following clauses, under the head of general principles, were agreed to unanimously:—" That in this Alliance it is distinctly declared that no compromise of the views of any member, or sanction of those of others on the points wherein they differ, is either required or expected, but that all are held as free as before to maintain and advocate their religious convictions, with due forbearance and brotherly love. That it is not contemplated that this Alliance should assume or aim at the character of a new ecclesiastical organization, claiming and exercising the functions of a Christian Church. Its simple and comprehensive object, it is strongly felt, may be successfully promoted without interfering with or disturbing the order of any brauch of the Christian Church to which its members may respectively belong." OBJECTS OF THE ALLIANCE. The Bev. H. CHEETHAM moved that the following paragraph be adopted :— " That the objects of this Alliance be the promotion of brotherly love among the members of Evangelical Churches, the defence of Christian truth against prevailing errors, and the preservation of the sanctity of the Lord's day." Carried. MEANS. The Eev. J. G. MILLARD moved the adoption of the following clause: - " That, in order to carry out these objects, there shall be meetings for united prayer, united communion at the Lord's table, meetings for conference, publie meetings, and such methods of evangelistic labour as may be deemed desirable." Mr. BDRFOKD took exception to t'-e proposed united communion, on the ground that, as proposed, it would not be in accordance with Scripture, and proposed that the words referring to it be left out. The amendment was not seconded, and the clause was agreed to. MEMBEBSHFP. The Bev. J. L. PARSONS moved, and the Eev. J. LTALL seconded, that the following paragraph be agreed to :— " All persons desirous of becoming members of the Alliance (o make application to the Secretary by means of a printed form, to be obtained of him or of ministerial members of the Alliance." Carried. The Bev. P, MEAD proposed a new clause in the following terms: —" That it be within the power of the Committee to declare any particular member ineligible for membership on ground satisfactory to the Committee." The Bev. Mr. CHEETHAM seconded, and the motion was carried. ORGANIZATION. It was resolved, on the motion of the Bev. J. G. MILLARD, seconded by the Bev. H. J. LAMBERT— " That there be a President, Treasurer, Corresponding and Finance Secretaries, all of whom shall be elected annually by ballot; and a Committee, consisting of besides the above officers, four of whom shall retire annually, but be eligible for re-election." MEETINGS. It was resolved, on the motion of the Bev. Mr. LTALL, seconded by the Eev. Mr. PBIOE— "Tnat there be an annual meeting for the , transaction of the business of the Alliance, to be ; held every year in May, to elect the Committee and officers, to receive a report of the year's proijeedings, and to discuss subjects of general interest suggested by the Committee. That the Committee have power to call special meetings for conference whenever it may be deemed necessary, That general meetings for prayer be held once a quarter in Adelaide and elsewhere as the Committee may determine, on Monday evenings at half-past 7. That ministerial meetings for prayer be held monthly, on the first Monday, at half-past 9\. That meetings for united communion at the Lord's tgbTe be held _ once a year at sucty church or churches as the Committee may appoint. In harmony with the above it is suggested that in May there be a week of special meetings in the following order:—Monday, general prayer meeting; Tuesday, business and public meeting; Wednesday, united communion; Thursday, general prayer meeting; Friday, general prayer meeting." FINANCE. It was resolved- « That the sum of 2s. 6d. annually be expected of each member, and t|^t subscriptions and donations be invited in aid of the objects pf the Alliance.'" _ FORMATION. „ Mr. A. DowiE moved, and the Bev. U. CHEET- HAM seconded, that those present form the bociety. The motion was earned, and a number of names were enrolled. . . On the motion of the Eev. JAMES WAY, seconaea by the Kev. J. G. MILLARD. the Bev- J «nes LYAU was appointed President of the Alliance. i Messrs. J. G. Millard and J. Jeflm? were appointed Corresponding and Mr. W. i nomas Finance Secretaries, and Mr. David Murray Treasurer. The following ministers and gentlemen were appointed to act as Standing Committee:-The Eevs. W. L. Binks. Silas Mead, J. G. Wright, D. J. H. Ibbetson. James Way, and J. Henderson. Messrs. G. W. Cotton. J. B. Hack, Di. Campbell, Mr James Smith, Mr. A. Dowie, and Mr. George Hance. This closed the business of the meeting,, which extended over three hours; and the benediction was pronounced by the Bev. Mr. Binks, who during the latter part of the meeting filled the ciuur. 