SHOOTING. the atrAn season. bt Cabtbidge. ' for the ; hopes of (he sportsman! ,N^ver, I believe, \v$a the Ripening of the quail season looked forward to more confidently as likely to be a prbpltiousjone than ihis time in yictoria. Ifor. weeks, months, prior to the $Dtfc, evidence on all sides had been oqn 'fetai itly coming to handj>f the presence of the hht s in numbers almost every where, and the b&ty; summer and consequent eakiy nesting caused a common agd net unreasonable bplffif that this year the young broods would be forward enoughby "the day." Great Wei 3 the prepazotions,. JRpsler and his subs are nearly worlml to death gun selling aud cleaning, and powder- and shot disburnngii Browji, Jones, and, Robinson studiously w juld haye^m^ou^ to take a prize . bt kh6w*,)'"m oVdfer'that nothing thbuTd Wnl tate agiifisfca good bag. Howoan I tellthe endtngQf.ttytt^dfy! htwtloqhfew which .Ewd and ^tb (hp couoution fshoMwgsWareto thuMNftely S] . , , „ 'Ol 1i^' d6ihthehbeih'eh't: c. "«brious bratUMa of life/' My poorlriedl^i Ho v many brace was it I heard that you had' — nisedtbthiaand . that quwirappiOoiatiug: _ on&>ielyingon the atrength of mr last ipafc's tD^growjl we,wpmtoyi^t? ed to the getting of my teh of ^welte tSt»—this a Tow oompnttdbn^eaaily1 and Mg tlariy, Withdht* '"basting"! uself or dogs, ov< r that snug, oonTOoient, Utile hit of country. • Behold us, then, on the ground. It's grey dawn on thatlucklessMonday, scarcely light enough to shoot,a quail yet, as we put our guns together.; but even as I glance around, per. the Well-remembered paddocks, there is light enough to see what sends a chill into me., Is it the close-shaven stubble? (Bah! -there's no stubble now)—no, of course, I Mow all about that. 'But those lovely grass- ■ fields, that fifle bit down by the creek below the; oats; where of yore, in the thickly ; Blowing tufts and thistles among the stones, 1 old;'Sancho" never ranged in vain—where are fhey,.! say, now? .Scorched, burnt up, like, the ' last rose of summer," " faded and gone!" We "work hard, as do our dogs, across paddock after paddock, up hill and . .down dale, visiting each well- remembered nook and gully, butalmest utterly rewardless. An Odd bird or two (very odd ones), and then, sullenly fetid'* morosely,' we' wend our way homewards, blessing and praising (?) every thing. ~ Towards evening next day.I saunter down Collins-street. Hulloa! here come J— and H—, and 0*F—, chatting gaily. I know they ve fell been out, and probably they- -have ■ made good bags—sha'nt I get a.chaffing? ,^pw then," sayiB O'F—, "hononr bright, old boy, what s your tally ?" But the tale of each was "much of a muchness." One had a brace, and a half, another a brace or two more, and a third had formed one of -a trio who had never encountered the ghost of a Quail at all! And from most quarters the story was just the. same. A lucky, few. had got " the line," and stuck to the -Cranbourue district,# and from there and from Lilydfele some fair bags were reported; but all agreed that the season was likely to prove a most exceptionably bad one. , One of the most, singular circumstances, has been the sudden and very sapient "sked addling'' of the birds just prior to the opening day from the neighbourhoods where they had been reported most plentiful. At Colac, for instance, a gentleman in town assured me he bad been pre-ad vised they were exceedingly numerous only two or three weeks back, but on the last day. of the close season he go.t a message from thence telling him that a general emigration had taken place, and that if he came np he would scarcely get a bird. r Says everybody, of course, now " What's the reason of this ? Here last year every one was singing out, you yourself Mr. Cartridge included, about the crying sin and shame it was,to have the opening day so early, when half the young quail were unfledged, and the other, half inside their egg-shells; and now. this year, when the season commences, the birds are all reared up and gone?" Well, indeed, it is uncommonly puzzling to know what should and should not be the season. Certainly, this, has t been a most unusually early summer—early and ruinously dry. The , majority of the quail, I take it, reared but one, and that a very early brood, and then, finding so little moisture, took themselves and their progeny off without waiting for further breeding.! freallyand honestlydo think that if we are ever to get the quail season satis factorily fixed and determined, it will have to be done afresh each year, the proclamation'of the opening day (of conrse, under the hand of the Governor in Council) being left to a com petent committee, to be decided by them in. accordance with the ascertained facts and evidences of the state of the breeding. Other wise we shall always be getting these annoy ances—either the *' slaughtering of rite inno cent unfledged," as some gentleman so touch ingly put it, or the disappointment of finding the birds fell departed wheh the anxiously awaited 20th of December arrives. \- Ahd here let me refer to what has already bee'tt taken some notice of in your columns, viz., the performances of "the Northcote sportsmen." The charge (a very well founded one| I believe, too) against the gentlemen alluded to is, that they shot up all the birds in that neighbourhood a week or ten dajjs before the season opened. Now I consider this simply disgraceful. Law is law, and should be respected, no matter if its action be sometimes unfortunate; and I think it should be as much a point of hononr, also, as of law, among men calling themselves sportsmen, to keep the close season inviolate. I heard of another well authenticated in stance in which! two gentlemen, as long ago as October, when ont" snipe-shooting" in the Dandenong country very coolly agreedbetween themselves, because they happened to find the " long-bills" scarce and the quail plentiful, to suspend the Game Statute as regarded the latter in their own particular favour for one hoar by the watch, in which period they bagged sixteen bracesnd a half! Comment on conduct like this would be superfluous., Say I, in common with many others, where are the police? My only other day (also a blank one) as yet this season, was up At Gisbome, where I was * in a measure consoled, however, for my empty bag by the following little episode:— We had walked, my companion fend J, J behind > three excellent dogs over a uvpsi; extent of variable covert, without a ccept; and were just about beginning to getjpreclous sick of ic. T had been asking,' fes I tonally do, at each farm for permission to shoot,' ] which penntssiDhhfed been-most kindly ac corded, but accompanied in almost every in-:■ stance by the melancholy information that wa* °to^l^h^^mktes^^eTentered upon feptne Vjeif^aleeirfeble'ground., Clover! I believe you, my boy. up to your, knees t waterifeby amount, and grass fend- thistles to boot! " IfthereVaUy birds in the country" quoth my mate, "it's heVe we'll find'em." And vety soon after entering it my .yoking therms setter "Scamp" shewed "sign," feathering and working to> thehotscent glorionsly. ^ A oast or two, hither and thither, and there ^he, was down, beautifully rigid,, with the h^ad jerked ahhrtiy fend Aaiply round, averv pic ture to dream about. ITp you 'go, JP— fend tfeke fiiist^ shot " Whirr! " fey the - pipers, for goodness'Sake, hold hard, noyt" : and the guns were fortunately lowered undis-' cbartbd' as agloriousold cede phhuantt to my hiearty delight, sailfed away brfevely, call* - ing to his hens to (follow him. Itfqirly. made .me , toss my jhat fep- I know.xt, y*8 JW& m. .beauty, j and; X. mfervelled not. at the etromtiocfe of Vetirdaltin ,$nth Which boy' tremblingly excltedytfung dog,' steady" down rWitfial; regarded: me' ' fend' any lowered pom Ml want'home bappyfor ifem Jut > Sftek findingthese; birds, yn vanssetrhyi the proprietor, nfiee looking «4d geqtlemunr quest and indeed for tbosake of all true . sjw^'TttefeTOts opportunity of beseeching '] gentlemen sbootto* in that neighbourhood to»<j be venr-oarafnliiofc to molest raena. lt w«s! ven^joUydto eaetfre biria^ri^|, n^oUlMefpi: n^mudkwitii mes«e|irs thequfeiL fe»«(pr#aed that ths remains mofe's -fiord, where $qr /dill rw caresses of other less distingulab the eqube raoe, festering iu the tun lutbg the atmosphere around I 