THE MELBOURNE PRESS ON THE PRO-1 POrED CUSTOMS UNION- j It was tho intention of tho Melbourne and Adelaide Ohambers of Comrnorco to nend delegates to Sydnoy t . confor with the Sydney Cliamb»r on the subject of tho propos d Customs Union. Yesterday was tho day fixed for thoir departure, but on the receipt of tho nows that the Sydney merchants bad disapproved of the whole scheme, the minion of tho delegates was countermanded, and thoro will bo no conforonoe. The committeo of the Holbourne Chamber met on Thurs day last to confider the telegrams which had been_ re- ceived from Sydney. They rocoived their setting down with ' great me kness, and Sydney crowe its loudest. Wo gave the Melbourne Chamber timely warning of tho ioovitablo failure of thoir crudo projeot, and it is really too bad that thoy should have gono ' on wasting time, and bringing disgraco upon tho colony, by tho advooaoy of a scheme which could not possibly bs a sicco!e., evan if tho approval of tito several colonies could have been secured for it. It is a melancholy satisfaction to find, from the full report whioh has reached UB of the proceedings in the Sydney Ohamber, that tho argu- ments we advanced against the project when it was first broached have been mado good use of by our com- mercial rivals. It will bo remembered that one of the absurd croohots of oar own Chamber was that, by making the duties payable at tho first port of entry, the whole of the expenses qf the bonding system would be saved. We pointed out tho suicidal folly of suoh a course, and expressed our wonder how the proposition could have emanated from a body of men calling themselves merohante. We pointed out that on the reshipment of goods, the insuranco would have to cover. tho amount of duty as well as tho value of tho goods ; that intercolonial trado would be fettered ¡ to a greater degroe under such a system than it is at present ; and that by extending rather than restricting bonding facilities, the actual consumers would pay the duty, and Tinder tho clumsy dovico of dividing tho 1 revenue according to tho census unnecessary. All theso points ware fatten up and cleverly handled by tho Sydnoy Ohamber, with tho addition of tho obvious argument that, if Afr. Campbell's resolution for tho abolition of all package and ad valorem dutio3 wore adopted, tho necoirity for a union would disappear. Tho tariff of the Zollverein includes, it eoems, nearly 2000 item*, BO that tho resolution referred to was not at ail called for, or.d t ho pr.itr-ctionist proclivities of Victoria'OK not the real obv.iclo that tas to be over- come. Mr. Campbell, the í-ydney advoeato of a union, took caro li ke its Melbourne propoundors, io avoid details, but ho had tho honesty to admit that insurmountable difficulties might bo encountered in reducing thom to praoticä. " They were not now," he said, " dealing with details. When they came to consider thom, if they could not agree, the matter must bo given up." This way of dealing with tho subject is mere tri fl i u g. It might as well be said that a man could easily put himself into a pint bot tlo il it wore not for the details. It U a gravo ratification of tho children's proposition that ono straw, if long onough, would reach to tho moon. To adopt a sch em o and leave the details out of ' consideration, cannot but lead to an impotent con oluBion. An absurd beginning must havo a foolish ending, and every ono who takes up tho advocacy of an j ill-considered preposition places himtolf so that it is ton , to one be will stultify himself. It will.be rememb'red that when tho subj'ot was first mooted in the Melbourne Ohamber of Commorco all allusion Lo colonial products was avoided, and in that sbapo tho Boheme was promptly, almost con- temptuously condonmed by tho Adelaide Chamber. The Melbourne Ohamber then amended their proposi- tion in this particular, and the Adelaide Cham! er then gave in their adhérence. Tho tact is, however, that Adelaide cares for nothing OIBO than the freo exchango of colonial products, and Melbourne stan ls absolutely alone in its manifesto ia favour of the Union. Even tho authors of the scheme must cow admit that it has become a total failure, from tho abeonco of any element in it of a practical kind. ¡Tho Sydnoy mer- chants who made fus of it described it as an " Arcadian1' idea-a designation which aptly states tho fact that it is utterly unbusinesslike.-Ago, March 0. THE DUKE OP Enmnnnon.-His Royal Highness, accompanied by. his equerries, drovo out yesterday, four in-hind: The Dake proceeded along his favourite drive, down South Hoad Road towards Rose Bay. The party at dinner last evening at Government House consisted of his Royal Highness, his Excellency tho Governor, Lord Chirles Beresford, R.N., Lieutenant Adolphus Fitzgaorgo, RH., the Right It-rvorcnd Dr. Barker, Molropolitan; tho Chief Justice, Sir W. Man- ning, 0,0 , Sir James Martin, Q C , the Hon. E. Deas Thomson, O.B., Mr. R.H. J. Burty, Captain Rasault, H.LMS Guichen; Captain Beresford, Mr. Toulmin, end Mr. Parkes, M.L. A. H.M.S- GALATEA..-We are informed that H.M.S. Galatea, after leaving this port, will procood to Wellington and Auckland, and his Royal Highness purposes also to -visit Lyttelton, Christchurch, and Hokitika. Arrangements have been made by the General Government of Now Zealand for an inspection hy their royal visitor of tho country in the vicinity of tho Waikato, Tauranga, and tho lakes. It is probable thit tho Galatea will call at Norfolk Island ; but it is not certain wh ether ho will v¡BÍt Tahiti, whero it is said tho inhabitants aro lookigg forward with anxiety for bia arrival. It is intonded to visit Japan, and the Vissel will probably touch also at Petropaulevaki and the Russian settlements on the Amoor River, reaching Obina about the month of Soptembor, and Calcutta in Novembor next, It is stated that tho Duke will romain in India during the cool season, taking his departuro thence in February or March, 1870, Ceylon and Mauritius will be visited on tho homeward voyage, and tho Galatea will pay another visit to the Capo of Good Hopo, probably roaching homo in August, 1870. "AB bis Royal Highness WQB driving out to tho raoos on Thursday," reports the Geelong Advertiser, "he lost a very valuable gold ring Bet with six diamonds and rubies, and much valued by his Royal Highness, as it was a present from his Bietor. Tho ring wBB picked up by aa honest man about » quarter of a mile below the Georgo and Dragon Hotel, and by him handed over to Mr, Superintendent Booksy, who, on Saturday, forwarded it to Toorak, whero tho Brinco was staying. Tho ring was rather damaged, tho wheal of a vehiole having runovor.it; none of tho stones, however, were missing. It is a wondor that it was found eo quickly, and a rather straugo coincidence that the finder should be named Vial, and first cousin to Mr. Vial, of Sydney, who BO courageously arrested O'EarroU when attempting to assassinate the Brinco." -A blackfellow, known as Kin» Jerry, of Geelong, had a sovereign given to him ' by tho Duke of Edin, burgh, but it was stolon from him a few minutes afterwards by somo clever thief, who out tho pocket out of his trousors. ROYAL DONATIONS-Wo perceivo from the Mel- bourne papers that his Royal Highness the Duke'of Edinburgh has transmitted through his Excellency Sir H. Manners-Button, Governor of Viotoria, tho sum of £150, to bs divided equally among the fol- lowing Melbourne intitulions-the Sailors' Homo, tho Prince Alfred Memorial Hospital, and tho Society for tho Relief of (he Edacatod Poor. TUE CotrsT VON ? ATTEMS,-A Batavian paper of November 29 states that aa attompt was made by the "Count Von Alteme," whoso real namo is Kurt Schmalz, to escapo from tho gaol at Sourabaya ; ho was disquisedin tho olothieg of his servant, and had got as far aa tho outer gato of the prison, when a Javanesa watchman 1»id hold of him,'and with tho aesistanco of (bo military guard brought him back to his placo of confinement. It is oleo stated in another paptr that tho Hamlet's Ghost was sold at publia auotion on December 4, for 2500 guildors, whioh ÍB about £208, FBEE SELICTOHS' RIO TITS.-In answer to tho ques- tion whother tho Government intended to bring in thia session a bill to define the rights of freo selectors, Mr. Forster said ycs'ordoy, that as recent decisions in tho courts of law had removed, tbo pressing necessity for ¡inmediato legislation on tho subject, no bill would bi introduced this session. Tho free eolcotora grazing light has boen established by tho Supremo Court. Sr PATRICK'S DAT PICNIC. - Last night a full » mooting of tho commition of tho nbovo -was hold at E>arnoy'a Oolonnado Hotol, JCing-itroet, Mr. W. Dolman ocoupied tho chair. SirT, A. Murray stator! that in consequnneo of tho serious indisposition of the Countess of Belmore, it waa impossible that the Gover- nor could attend, and aa ths Piincc was tho guest of tho Governor, it would, he thought, bo better if thoy did not ask the Princo and Governor, ospcchlly as tho Prinoa did not wish to attend any pionios. Mr. Hourigan then movod-" That so much of the resolution passed on the 3rd of aTircli, inviting H.R. H. tho Duke of Edinburgh and his Ercolkney tho Governor," to bo present on tho ocoasion of tho picnic on St. Patrick's Day, bo roscindod. Ho quito agrood with all that had fallen from Sir T. A, Murray. Mr. Garvsn aocondod tho resolution which was aupportod by Mr, Butler, and carried. Tho Secretary roportod that he had received notes accepting tho invitation of the com» mittco, from Sir William Manning, ilessrs. E., Owen MD C., W. Forstor, J. F. Josephson, J. Sutherland, D. Egon, J.Robortson, and S. Samuol, nil of whom had signified their intention of being present. The steamer Thetis will bo used by the Governmonton that day to convoy tho Ministry back to Sydney ia time for tho mooting of Parliament, Tho secretaries Ira ported that upwards of 300 tickots had neon Bold, tho limitod number being dOO, so that oarly application will have to be made in older to secure tickots. ,,Tho tender of M. Compagnoni for tho luncheon was ac ccpted by the committee; A brass band - the City Band -has been engaged for the day. Tho mooting was : then adjourned until Monday evening at the same time and place. ' Coori STATUE COMMITTEE,-A meeting of the Cook Statue Committee was.hold yesterday afternoon at the Judges Chambers, Supremo Court. His Honor Sir Alfred Stepben, O B., occupied tho choir. The miautcs of the meeting on Tuesday wera rend and con firmotl. Tho hon. secretary (Mr. It. B. Smithiread a letter which he had recaive'd from A. Hordern, Esq., enclosing a subscription of £10; and aleo lettes from soveral porsans who tendered to make the mallet and trowel to bo used when tho foundation-stono is laid, Af ter some discussion, Messrs. Blacket, Hagar, Alger, and Oaptnin-WatEoo wera appointed a sub committee to consider' the toaders, and aocept the ono they deemed most suitable, it being decido 1 that tho cost of tho mallet and trowel is not to ueeod £20. It was also decided that Messrs. Burns and Hiding's off-r to erect a grand stand cap aldo of a.commoJa ting ten thousand penólo on the occasion of tho foundation-stone bejng laid, and to allow tho committeo 25 per cent, on tho monoy token on the stand, bo accepted. Mr. Blackot roportod . that ho hadsKrvoycd the ground ecleoted for tho site, and .had fixod upnn a euttnblo epot which ho had marked nut. Af tor Eomo discussion as to the necessity of conferring with tho Hydo Park Committee, and obtaining thuir consent formally to the ground selected os the sito being so appropriated, it was, upon tho motion of Mr. Bayliss, decided that the sub-committee, ho authorised to empower Mr. Blackot to proceed with tho oroetion of tho pedestal so far ai tho first plinth, and.for that purpose to ontor into tuo necessary con- tract. Mr. E. Bennett then proposod, Mr. Elgar seconded, ondit was carried unanimously, that tliedtpu talion appointed should wait upon H.H.H. the Duko of Edinburgh, and requojt him to lay tho foundation" stone of tba statue, nod to do eo if con von ¡ont to him solf on tho 27th inataut. It was decided that tho member's of tho committco should bring in their sub« scription lists at tho next mooting, when they are to be advertisod. It was stated by the troasuror that up- wards of £100 had hcon already received. Tho meet- ing then adjourned until Friday noxt. VITAL STATISTICS.-The Registrar-General's report on tho vital statistics of Sydney and suburbs for the month of February, 1869, appears in last night's Gazetto. It appoars that tho n¿mbor of births regis- tered in Sydney during February was 210-vi«., 108 males nnd 102 females-being ll above tie averago of tho previous fivo year?, and 102 in exefsa of the deaths of tho month. Tho dontbs numbered 108-viz., 53 males and 55 female] - being 24 below thj average of tho preceding quinquennial period. Local diseases woro higho;t in their fatal results, bearing a proportion of 32'dl per cent, to total deaths, the causes being con- fined lo diseases of tho nervous and respiratory sys- tems, digestive and circulatory organs ; zymotic dit-cosea bore a proportion of 28'70 per cent,- in tho xniasmatio ordor of thia class 0 deatha were attributed to typhus fovor and 8 lo diatrhoa. Five deaths wero recorded as baying resulted from violcnoj, viz.,J2 males, aged 75 and 33 years, and a fcma]ej aged 5 we°ks, from, fractures and contusions accidentally received, a femaîo, 55 years, from, drowning, and a malo, 58 years, from cutting his throat ; in both these cases tho verdict was suicide, while labouring under fits of insanity, caused by intemperance. The infantile mortality was at the rate of 50*00 per cent, to aggre ga'o deaths, and 0 00 per cont, below the average of the month of Fobruiry, in tho fivo preceding years. The highest reading of ibo thermometer in the shade, as registered at tho Sydney Observatory, during tho month of February, was 86'4 on the 25th, and the lowest Í58 3) on the 14th. Greatest range of tempér- ature (23 5) was observed on tho 25th. Prevailing direction of wind was N\E Greatest a»aount of humidity (990) on tho 10th; leal* (260) on the 22nd. Greatest rain fall (272 inches) on the 11th. Numbor of days lightning, 0. Thor o wero 27 deaths in Bourke Ward, ld of which wero registered OB occurring at the Infirmary and Hyde Park Asylum. The next highest death number was in Fitzroy Ward (18), forming a percentage of 0*16 to the population of that ward. In Phillip Ward tho deaths ( 12) exhibit a percentage of O'SO. Tho number of doaths registered during the month in each of tho registry districts forming the metropolitan division was 179-viz., 85 males and 94 females; of births, 379 -197 mah- s, nod 182 females. The highest rato of mortality was at tho Glebe, tho deaths being 13, or 0-85 per cent, of tho population ; Redfern and. Botany, with 10 deaths, show a pcicontago of 0 23 ; Paddington, where the deaths numborod 14, a percen- tage of 0'20; Newtown had 3 deaths, a percentage to tho population of 0 07, tho lowest of the month. THE MrjBDEB op THE POLYNESIANS.-An applica- tion waa made to Mr. Justico Barry, of Melbouruo, on the 5th instant, by Mr. Fellows, for tho diechargo from custody of Hugo Lovinger, who hue boen arrested on a ohargo of murdering threo South Sea natives. _ The object of the application was to prevent tho prisoner being remanded to Sydney on a warrant issued from that city. Tho return to tho writ of habeas corpus, however, set out that the prisoner was detained under a warrant from Melbourne justices, committing hint for trial in Melbourne Mr. Justice Barry therefore held that Lovinger was properly in custody, and ho deolirood to inquire into tho validity of the warrant from Sydnoy. THE LAST MALE ASOIIIOINAL OP TASMANIA.-The remains of tho last male aboriginal of Tasmania has been consigned to tho gravo. The following extraot from tho Hobart Town Mercury gives a sketch of the lifeof Billy Lanne, erroneously callod WilliamLanney, and tho particulars <>f his domieo: - He wes bom at the Coal River, about tho yoar 1829, and was partly educated in tho Quoon's Asylum. Whon resident at the Oyster Cove Station, ho was, with other blacks, frequently taken out by' the whalers, and thus acquired a partiality for a eea-faring lifo, He and his compeera wero invaluably in early days to the whaling mattors, as their great power of vision made them excellent mast- headsmen, and they wore athletio, and activo on boat sorvico. On thedoathof hlssable brethren, "King Billy" ns ho waa frequently called, did not remain long at tho station, but shipped regularly as a whaler out of this port. Ho wont soveral voyages in tho Aladdin, and was very popular among the eeamea as a good-natured, jolly fellow, and an amusing com- panion. Ho was not particularly proud of his ancestry, and when his portrait was taken by Mri Woolley, in 1806, for tho intercolonial exhibition, ha objected to tho photograph os being "too blaok for . him.'^ Ho was, however, a puro bred Tasmanian aboriginal and as black as a BIOO. Samo timo ago Billy proceeded to England ; and it was intended that be should bo presented to her Majesty, but wo aro not aware whether this intention was ever carried out. Ho wap, however, on tho Regatta ground in January, 1808, when his Royal Highmss tho Duke of Edin- burgh patronised that festival, anti, at ired in a blue suit, with a gold loco band round his oap ho was presented to tho Princo, who received him with - kindly consideration. Billy shipped for tho lost time on board tho barqua Runnymede, on tho 4th March, 1868, and having mada the voyngo in her rammed about n fortnight ago. Ho bad mada flesh vory fast whilo nt eon, and on lending was fae and unhealthy. He had an unfortunate propensity for beor and rum, and was seldom sobor whon on shoro, He was paid off on Saturday, 28th February, when ho received1 a balança of wages' and lay, amounting to £12 13s. Bi. He took up hiB rosidonco at tho Dog and Partridgo, public-house, at the corner ot! Goulburn and Barrack etreots, and died from a aovcro attack of English cholera. 