TABLE TAJLK. \- PBOMOTION IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS.—A correspondent calls our attention to the circumstance. that all the teachers who have been promoted of .late, (we presume he means Manning Biver teachers), belong to the same religious denomination as r thep"Inspector; indole goes' onto say that "not one of them has been advanced in consequence of snperior attainments, real or ' supposed, but solely on account of the excellent report which the lnspector has made of tlieconditipn of their schools." Our correspondent thinks, and we are willing to go so far with him, that we have other; instructors whosejust claims have been overlooked; that other teachers are to be met with whose merits, tested by results, would compare favourably with those of more fortunate recipients of Inspectorial commendation; and that local boards have far too little, influence in determining these matters. We must however, guard against misapprehension by distinctly remarking that oar complaint is not of what has been done, but of what is left undone. We do not call the merits of the promoted into question at all; but we should like to know something more' about the " high moral tone" which the Inspector tells us some teachers have imparted, and others have failed to establish in their schools. We cannot bring ourselves to believe that Mr. ALPASS is influenced sensibly by denominational feeling in writing his reports, but we have no objection to comply with our correspondent's request by noting the somewhat remarkable fact alluded to at the commencement of this paragraph, leaving the matter open to correction, if anyone can show that the facts have not been fairly stated. PTOBOGATION. OF PAELIAJIENT.—Parliament is furtherproroguedtothe third of August next. It is understood that the meeting will not take place until it is too late to pass the Estimates ; and that after taking a vote of credit, the House will be dissolved. We hoped better things of the present Government. SALE OF HOBSES.—The sale at Tinonee, last Saturday, was pretty well attended, and the prizes realized, satisfactory. Draught horses in low condition, ranged from six to eleven pounds. For saddle horses, unless they are something extra, there is no demand at present. WHAT DID HE WANT?—A lady in tliis district was aroused from sleep a few nights ago by hearing footsteps in lieroedroom. She instantly spoke to her husband, who jumped up and attempted to seize the intruder, but he failed, and e man escaped. As there was no money on te premises, it is difficult to imagine the purpose for which the house was broken into in the dead of the night. Perhaps this may have been the G-hinni Ghinni ghost reappearing in another part of the river. EXCELSIOE.—We have received a communication signed " EXCELSIOR," to which we would, willingly give insertion if we could see any publie object to be attained thereby. But as the whole matter has now passed into the hands of publie officers whose duty it is to determine the controversy, arid as the publication of this letter would be certain to provoke a reply, we think it best under all the circumstances to withhold it. STEAM FBOM SCOTT'S CBEEK.—The inhabitants of the lower Manning now enjoy regular communication with the metropolis, by means of Mr. BOOTH'S steamer. We are told that the Trio makes her trips more regularly than even the Fire King or the Luna, although last week she steamed around Oxley Island, gathering a cargo of corn. We are further informed tliat Mr. BOOTH intends to supply a steam drogher very shortly, when the lower part of the river will be quite independent of any other line of steamers. FLOODS.—On Wednesday last, the creeks in all directions were flooded. In consequence of this no mail was despatched to Sydney. TBLEGBAMS.—We understand all the Post Masters on the Manning are now made Telegraphic Agents; and it has becomc their duty to receive messages from persons who desire to communicate with any other station in the British dominions. These messages the Post Masters will forward to Raymond Terrace or Port Macquarie, (when that line is opened), whence they will be transmitted to their proper address. The distance, however, from any part of the Manning, to the nearest Telegraphic Station, will prevent the Post Masters from being overburdened with work of this character, and the express horses of the NEWS will continue to bring the latest intelligence to the Manning, even without the aid of the Telegraph. ACCIDENT.—A fearful accident happened to Mr. WILLIAM LEWIS of Cundle Point, last week. He was gathering corn-stalks with a harrow, and at a moment when he had placed this implement -on an end, something tripped him, he fell, and harrow also came down—one of the tines passing through the calf of his leg. He was unable to extricate himself from this painful position, until the horses had dragged liim a considerable distance. MAHBO ISLAND.—We are informed that a half-time school is to he opened on this island by Mr. JOHNSON of Pelican ; when the little children of the settlers will be placed in a more favorable position, so far as their educational requirements are concerned, than they are at present. We are somewhat surprised that this movement was not mode earlier. ANOTHEB ACCIDENT.—Mr. JAMES SMITH of the Sugar-loaf, was stung, or bitten, by some venomous reptile early in the week, and when we saw him on Tuesday, one of his feet was swollen to an enormous size. It is hoped that tho measures adopted for his relief will prevent any permanent injury to the limb. TOWNSHIP AT WOLLOMBA.—Mr. HALL has returned from the Sugar-loaf where he has been laying out a new township. It is at the foot of the nver, and will have deep water frontage. Mr. Hall tells us thcro were two or three vessels lying there when he came in. The crops look well in that quarter, and the district is evidently advancing. MB. CHABLES TUBKER.—Letters have been received by tho last mail conveying the melancholly intelligence that Mr. CHABLES TUBNEB, who went homo to procure the best professional advice in the kingdom, is pronounced incurable. The doctors say the optic nerve has totally perished, and blindness must follow at no distant period. He is now on his way back to the colony—much worse than when he left it. THE NKWS.—The public must have observed that neither money nor labor have been spared of late in an effort to render tbe NEWS worthy of the district it represents—the great Bugarproducing district of the colony—and it affords us pleasure to say that this expenditure has been followed by such an increase of patronage aB to induce its proprietor to incur a still further, and much more considerable outlay, the fruits of which will bo seen very shortly. We are now in a position to say that the NEWS is not only the best established and most widely circulated newspaper published in the electorate, but that after much trouble and anxiety, we have just secured appliances to render it the first in all matters of news and general intelligence. We trust that before the commencement of the next quarter, each of our Bgents will be able to show that he, too, is laboring successfully to push on the enterprise. Thoroughness is now tho order of the day, and we expect every body who has anything to do with the NEWS to exhibit it. Slow coaches have become out of date and must be exchanged for such as oan bo induced to move more quickly. Mr. Alfred do Valuols writeB to say that he has discovered two oil springs at the junction of the Reedy Creek with tho Murray. He believes the discovery to be a valuable one, and has taken a mineral license for tho express purpose of tcstlue ts worth. 