P 'UNCII ON BIR ALFltrD STEPIIEN. Liberty plucks justlru by (theo no. , of --Measure for MIeasuro. . Tln violence of religious publications is one of the most interesting objects of study to the more worldling. The calm of the accom* plished cynic, tho repose which is the highest characteristic of the swell-the gentlemanly toloranceo'which sits so well on the man of .*.the world, ;and fits his amiability as his morning coat fits.his graceful figure; all these things seem to be simply impossible to the conductors of, and contributors to, ,'' * "good" newspapors. Must a man whenho writes to a lholy paper necessarily beocomo vulgar nod abusive? Do the writers of saintly journals keep all their bad language 'for their leading'articles, and write down their curses instead of speaking them? Or, why is it that your mere secular scribe can r ; writo like an accomplished gentleman, while your penny.a-liners can only damn each other with ferocious fervour ? Now we have in this city three professedly religious publi c-i cations-the Australian Churchman, the ' Freeman's Journal, and the Protestant Dan nor; of the two last (which we hear, on undoubted authority, are going to be amal. gamated, and we heartily offer our con gratulations to each on the prospect) wo shall say nothing more than this, that if we wanted to make use of a journal for the purpose of ' instructing youth in the principles of honor, we should most assuredly prefer Bell's Life to either of the organs of religion mentioned, Of the Australian Churchman we desiro to speak, as far as we can, in terms of respect. :i.: It has always struck us as a nice little paper \-- in which mild young curates experimented in small:English compositions,' and so fitted 'themselves for the moro solemn duties of life.. It is a species of court journal, pub. ]lshed from a country parsonage, and is V i' 'ordinarily as well.intentioned,' harmless,' and feebly edifying, as such an publication could Sbe expected to be. * But in Christmas week S(t was published the day after Christmas .Day), it comes out with as much of the blood ,' "and shillelagh business as the Freeman, or the 'Prontloo boys of Derry of the Banner could desire. If the young, sweet; editorial curates'had all been pushed out, land their chairs occupied by Zachary narry, Bog, and MoGibbon, the transformati6n dould not have been moro- cominplete. Wo shall give ' onie illustration:' Our 'dear old chief.justico 1;, i is known, if he has any fault (which Mr; Punch gravely doubts) to possess the faculty .ho-of working day.nsnd.nght In:all sorts of extra.judicial causes for the benefit of his l, l fellow.creatures./ HIlis- brilliant ;intellect " (which'is to "eovery one ofu us a very. preelous possession) is, as most brilliant intellects are, a very restless one. i' The work' of the ;, , supreme court is only pastimo to it, and it .i'.~-finds occupation sometimes .in total absti zil, nenco agitations, at others in revolutionary : .. ideas in the architecture of public buildings, nod miororocently it seems to have devoted itself to a subject which is only second to .rarkes'and his ghost (and which by the way h' ias something to do with both)--tho Rere. Srdos at Christ Ohurch.r The chief is said to ' have written somo letters on this subject. I* 'We ro are not' ware whether the clhargo is true or false."' The presumption is In favour of the chargoe-for he is always prepared to ,~ writeo volumes of letters on any subject if he thinks hli can mitigate a sorrow, expose an ,: abuse, oblige a friend, uphold a good cause, -" or do anything else which good men love to do;- Mr.- Punch 'knows him well, and feels assured that if hoe (Mr. P.) wore unwell next week antd incapable of the tremendous in. t: , tollectual eeort involved; in' tho production of this journal, i1r Alfred iwould'at once volunteer to edit I-an-d very. probably write his articles while a coulo of aspiring juniors wero blackguarding each 4txher under S .his nose, for the delectation of a p,, of (' ,doubtful, attorneys. i .Wo ,shall theretoca , admit that he has written about the Reredos. ' Why should he not? le is, with but one e oxcaption/ the most distinguished member of theoChurchl of England, in this colony., r s'Hl worshippoed'at'Chitt Church for many Syears, h1 subscribed to the lReredos, and he certainly knows as much about such matters -. as any other man in the community, Why S bshould lie not have his say, and try to pro. Svent a largo number of people frorm malng egregious asses of themselves, and dishonnr. Ing religion by their noisy nonenso ? We cannot see any reaoson for his compulsory silence; but otherwiseo the Australian Churchman. On the morning after Christ mas, tlis is the way that journal permits a correspondent to write of the clhef.justico I take up my'pen to answer the two letters addressed to you on this salject by Sir Alfred Stephen (for I refuse on the present occasion to recognise the thin disguise of the signature actually appended to them.) What business has the writer to do any. thing of the kind, or the conductors of the Churchman to permit himn? Beyond the toleration of insolence to Sir Alfred Stephen what is gained by the proceeding ? * Would BMr. Fairfax or MIr. Bennett first give to the world a communication bearing a journal. Islatio signature, a nom de plume, and then permit the insertion of a letter revealing their correspondent's name? We think not. Sir Alfred is then charged " with ab. dicating of his own will the duties which his position imposes, and assutning the atti tude of an advocatoe * * with an ex hibition of weakness and bad taste * * * with ignoring the obvious and imperative obligation of impartial silence M 0 - with using language by which persons con. aider themselves outraged 0 0 0 with finally doing his very best to banish and destroy peace." Now, that is a nice little catalogue of charges against the first colo. nist in station, as he is perhaps the most eminent in kindliness of all of us. And to this gentlemanly indictment is appended the name of a practitioner in his Honor's courts, who is also a Bishop's chancellor. Alas I what with Parkes and the Reredos Kiama and chancellors-what a melancholy place of residence for Christian gentlemen this country is rapidly becoming. Ilut for the consistent and edifying plety of Toby, Mr. Punch would almost be driven to dese pair.-Sydney Punch. 