THE OFFICIAL ORGAN OF ORANGE ISM IN VICTORIA. To the Editor of the Advocate, SIB,—In last Saturday's issue of the M'.Culloch Government organ—or " Lyre " —as Mr. Fellows harmoniously describes it, I find the following :— " So far as the Melbourne body is concerned, however, we have authority for stating that the leading ORASGMIEH or THE OITI feel aggrieved at the identification of the institution with Mr. Jones, who has long since ceased to be connected with them. We understand that a meeting of the Melbourne Association will be held on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of giving formal expression to their views upon the subject, and also communicate with the Orangemen of Ballarat, so that the institution may be relieved from the odium of a connection they so dislike and distrust." Now, Sir, turning to the Laws and Ordinances of the Provincial Grand Lodge of Victoria, I find in Rule 2:— " Any person who now in, or at any time was, a Roman Catholic or is married to a Roman Catho lie cannot be admitted into this institution. Any member of this institution who shall take unto himself a Roman Catholic for a wife shall BB KXPFLLED ; and any person who has been or is a member of any "society hostile to, or at variance with, the Government of the Colony shall be i.xPKLLisn." Mr. Joucs, for being hostile and at variance with the M'Culloch-cwtf- Higinbotham Ministry, was expelled from the Orange institution. So the boast was made. Ordinance 52 declares that no person can be i-e-admitted until he makes the following solemn declaration. Has Mr. Jones obeyed the law in that respect ?— " r, Charles Edwin Jones, declare that I entertain a sincere love and VENERATION for my Almighty Maker, a firm and steadfast faith in the Saviour of the World, and a full reliance on the power and grace of the Holy Ghost. And I engage to maintain, to the utmost of my power, the doctrine and precepts of the PURE Protestant religion. And I further declare that I will, to the utmost of my power, support her Majesty Queen Victoria, the laws of this colony, and the succession to the Throne in her Majesty's illustrious house being Protestant. And 1 also further declare that I will not knowingly propose or second any person as a member of this institution whose Bentiments are not in unison with this declaration. And I will, as far as in Mr POWER lies, assist the magistrates and civil authorities of this colony in the lawful execution of their official duties when called on. I will be true and faithful to every Brother in all just actions; I will not wrong, or know him to be wronged or injured, either by word or deed, without giving him due notice thereof, if in my power: carry out the laws and ordinances, and obey the officers of this institution, and that I have not been proposed in." Why does not the official organ of Orangeism in Victoria state upon authority that Jones, in addition to his other qualifications, made the above sweeping declaration of his belief in the Trinity! and of his belief in the Hons. G. P. Smith, J. J. Casey, and James M'Culloch—the civil authorities ? To whom will -Jones be faithful ? Expelled from the Orange Lodge, from the Legislative Assembly, from the service of the Crown, is he not by the pliability of his oaths, and by the voice of Ballarat, a fit person for re-admission into the old haunts and places where his love of " mint-sauce " may be gratified ? I will ask you one question—Supposing that a secret society of any other religious denomination than the "Orange "were possible to be in existence in this country, demanding of its members such a declaration as the above, what would Mother Jl-Age and the public say ? The. Orangeman who blasphemes against the Holy Trinity, by swearing fidelity to it, and then holding up Jones— as a model representative—mustnave strange notions! I am, Sir, your obedient servant, OBSEHVEE. Ballarat, 5th May, 1869. 