« TAKING- IN THE " GREEN." (As sung by Mr. P — K — S in his Entertainment, " Half an Hour of Illusion." Air — " Wearing of the Green." Oh ! Jemmy dear, pray did you hear the news that's going round ? 'Twill set your legal intellects a-wandering, I'll be bound ; For Eobertson and bold Macleay down to the House have been, And put a final stopper on my taking in the " green." In the street I met old Betsev. and she took me bv the hand. Says she, "How goes our party now, and pray how do we stand ?" " We 're kicked from office," I replied, "not to return, I ween ; For they 've been and put a settler on our taking in the ' green.' " Chorus. 'Tis the most disgraceful shewing up we ever yet have seen, Good-bye to all our little schemes for taking in the " green ! " In vain my plans with skill I laid, and raised a precious row To bolster up our party, for the game 's exploded now ; The tale I at Kiama told I thought was all serene, And for a time succeeded well in taking in the ' ' green. " But woe is me ! the bubble much too speedily has burst ; To hoot me now the people are all rushing to be first ; I find it but a rotten prop upon my fame to lean ; Folks think each act another dodge for taking in the " green." Chorus. They 've fixed on a coipmittee to investigate the case ; The end, I fear, must Certainly result in my disgrace : The witnesses were called, and each who has examined been Deposes that he thinks my game was taking in the " green." I would I were on Crusoe's isle, or some outlandish shore Where stories of my " Patent Ghost " would harass me no more ! No more I dare to show my face at any festive scene, Lest folks observe " That 's P. — his dodge is taking in the ' green.' " Chorus. Alas ! for fame and place and pay, they've vanished from my view, My little bills at sight again the country won't renew ! Macleay confronts me in the House with a contemptuous mien, And says " I 've spoilt your little scheme for taking in the ' green.' " As down the street I sadly stroll, shopkeepers, grinning, stare, And mutter " That 'ere covey isn't quite upon the square," While dirty little Arabs dodge foot-passengers between, And yell "You're sold this time, old P — k — s, at taking in the 'green ! ' " Chorus. 