MR GLADSTONE AT WIG AN. (2 o the Editor o* t7ic Freeman 's Journal.) SlR, — Having just finished reading a speech delivered by Mr. Gladstone, at Wigan, on Friday, the 23rd October, which was sent by telegraph to' the Times, and appeared in the Columns of that paper on Saturday, the 24th, I toaa nfrrnfilr wifcTi fclifl forcible, but to Irishmen, ? '?- the very old arguments adduced, in order to ' ' ? ''' ' Show the unv; arrantable treatment the people of tteland have been obliged to put up with (as vl' ^Mr. 'Gladstone puts it) since the existence of an Established Church in Ireland. I never was an admirer of Mr. Gladstone ; for, to say the least of his policy towards Ireland heretofore, it was most destructive to the mercantile prosperity of that Country. I am slow to make friends, especially When I know a man's past career has been such &B; would cause me to look upon his proffered friendship with suspicion. Such has been my experience of Mr. Gladstone ; however, 1 am Quite willing and ready to accept even at his hands the smallest measure of grace doled out to toy unhappy but, I am thankful to be able to Add, not entirely prostrate country. K Mr. Gladstone goes in a hurricane against Orangemen and their institutions. He said, ' I hold in my hand a published pamphlet relating to the parishes in the North of Ireland ; I have &e;?er seen a contradiction of the statements it Contains, and I think they are such as will put you in a position to judge whether we are right in contending that religious animosity is in flamed, and not mitigated by the existence of the Established Church in Ireland, and by the system with which that church was connected. You will all remember that the present settle ment in Ireland was reached at a period of revo lution, not as in England, peacefully, happily, and by the spontaneous action of the mind of a free people, but in the manner of an English conquest over the inferior forces of Ireland. The battles of William III., and his forces put down what was undoubtedly the sense and will of the mass of the Irish people. I am' finding no fault with that at thia moment—it is a ques tion of historical discussion, but I think you will agree with 'me, .that after a civil war of that nature was over, it was an odious and a dreadful thing to keep alive by periodical processions, by . constant party dinner and celebrations, and by flags floated in the face of the general population of Ireland, the memory of the blood shed, by which the will and voice of the majority had; been put down.' ..;,.? ... Mr. Gladstone then speaks, of the Gunpowder, Treason, commemoration -being a totally differ ent matter, and that there was np man but felt pleased the celebration of that- day was, done away 'as an act .of kindness and justice to' to, our Roman Catholic fellow-countrymen. But. in Ireland where it is a question of, civil war, of ? which the Orange flag is the emblem, .... the wretched memory of; former; feuda. is kept up year after year, by men .banded together for the purpose — sincere men', I doubt not, but, mis guided men.. Bub how misguided? They are: misguided to a great extent by that which gives countenance to a system of ascendancy,- keeping . them in the blindness and delusion under which they are labouring. , (Cheers;) But where do ; you suppose there is a favourable receptacle for the Orange flag ? In s.one other than the house and temple of God. In .the North of Ireland, within the very walls where . men meet to lay aside their passions, and: confess their sins, and give thanks for their mercies ; .even there this unhappy flag is hung. (Shame.) Tue pamphlet to which I refer is written by the Rev. John Robert Green* incumbent of Ivuderton in the diocese oi Armagh. Me speaks as man who was on the best terms with his parishoners — until he differed from them on the matter of the orange flag. He does not say that they did a thing without example, but, on the contrary, he says Kilderton Church, was the only church in his neighbourhood where the law had not been previously defied.' Rev. Mr. Green goes onto say. 'You as representa tives of the principal families, did against my express wishes and request, and well knowing my determination that 1 would, not go with the multitude to do evil, by officiating . in my church while such emblems were upon it, You did secretly and in the dead of ni^ht, dese* crate my church, and profane its precincts, by indulging there in strong drink and revelry, while attaching over its very walls, and even actually over the Lord's Table, these unholy emblems of strife.' The foregoing, Sir, is well worthy of the at tention of the P.P. A., and the foul mouthed men calling themselves Ministers of Christ, who seem to glory in their shame by being attached to such an unholy alliance. Oh, 'Alter Ago,' at the end of this year, do I beseech of you, wash your hands and rinse your mouth, for both have become foul ; your haacla from writing such filthy productions as are to be found in that Orange paper, a true type of the ' Kiama Ghost ;' and your mouth, good Sir, from utter ing the polluted sentiments of a thoroughly de proved mind, I will say nothing about the heart, more than 1 imagine it must be a regular eess^ pool of iniquity. But there are other men call ing themselves Ministers besides the liver co loured1' Alter Ego,' who woalddo welHto think of what they are doing, before they become in evitably lost — let them learn a lesson from the Rev. John Robert Green, incumbent of Kilder ton, in the; diocese of Armagh, whose church the ruffianly Orangemen of that part of the North of Ireland desecrated and profaned. These, Mr. Editor, are the sort of people that are striven to be .encouraged in this colony— these are the pests of society that are striven to-. be swept, out of both England and Ireland; and some - men here, ; who are either, foola or designing knaves have introduced this plague spot into1 this fair land— if they have done so, bad au act through ignorancej I say in the most, eharifc able manner, may. the Almighty be pleased to enlighten their simple '. mind, if .they. have. done it to spread dissension amongst the differenti ' classes of ; society they fjustly ? deserve punish ment, and they are unsafe amongst the comma ? riity'. Mr. 'Gladstone'' in hisiSp'eeeh! proves' their disloyalty, ioi- a- 'iriember of-' their T8ociety,'i/a ' Trinity College ;man in Ireland openly Stated, ' that if the .Established Church .was meddled with, the Orangemen would immediately take up arms. For what purpose? to resist the Go vernment in putting their act of law in force. Here are our loyal Orangemen for you. I said in the onset of this letter I had no faith in Mr. Gladstone's great love for Ireland. However, in my next letter, I will try, from Mr. Gladstone's speech, to show that it matters very little whether it be Mr. Gladstone or Lord Stanley. The time is not far off when England will feel it not only a right, but a necessity, as she, did in 1829, when granting the Roman Catholic Emancipation Act, to do something, and so thai; something speedily, in order to reconcile the people o! Ireland. — I am, Sir, yours, &e.;, ? ? ], PATRICK . SHAMROCK. Sydney, December 30, 1868. 