CHARGE OF MANSLAUGHTER. THE inquest on the body of Thomas Fearnley was resumed before the City Coroner, at his office, yesterday morning, when the following further evidence was elicited. Thomas Carrick said that he was a carter, employed by the Corporation, and resided in Little Gipps-street, Surry Hills. A little after 6 o'clock on last Thursday evening he was sitting in his cart in Botany-street, near Moore Park. He saw a safety cab coming along, and a child crossing the street. He subsequently saw the number of the cab, which was 73. The man he now saw before the court was the driver of the safety. It was quite light at the time the accident. The cab was alone, and there were no other cabs immediately behind him the road being clear of vehicles before a safety: The driver was going at a good half trot—he meant that he was going as hard as he could without galloping,—and appeared to have the horse under his control. He could not see whether the driver was sitting or standing. There were plenty of people about, for it at the time that they were returning from races. He did not observe three or four abreast raring, or endeavouring to pass each other. He was ahead of cab 73. When the child he saw was attempting to cross the road he was called out to to "look out or he would be run over," and when about the middle of the street he fell, and the wheel of the cab went over him. The child was not struck by the horse, but was close-under it when he fell. As soon as the child had fallen the wheel went over him, and he did not see the driver attempt to pull up. When the child went to cross the street he was about twenty yards in front of the cab. Witness called out to the driver to pull up, or he would go over the child. He could not say positively whether the driver at- tempted to pull up or not, as his attention was drawn to the child. After he had passed over the child the driver went on at the same as he had approached. He was neither c furiously, whipping his horse, nor galloping. The child was lying face downwards when run over. By the foreman: The driver was 1 ahead of him at the time of the accident. By a juror: From kerb to kerb of Botany- street, where the accident occurred, tnhe dis- tance would be about forty feet. The child, when called to to " look out," hesitated, turned round, and fell. By Mr. Greer, on behalf of Samuel M'Au- ghey : If the child bad not hesitated and fallen he could have passed clear of the cab. He could not say what pace the cab was going at, nor could he say whether the horse could go faster. There was a man in the cab, and when it was brought back he got out. By the coroner: He thought the horse was trotting as fast as he could go. John M'Caffrey, clerk, residing at 74, Prince- street, stated that about 5 o'clock on last Thurs- day evening, he was in Botany-street, on horseback, returning from the races ; when about thirty yards behind a cab, he saw a child leave the left hand side of the street ; he saw the child stop when he got to the middle of the street; when the child stopped the driver of the cab pulled the right-hand rein, which would have been to go on the right hand side of road, so as to avoid the child ; he saw the wheel pass over the back of the child's head, and the driver pass on, seeming to take no notice of what had happened. .Witness first went up to the child, and then went on after the cabman and called upon him to stop, or he would give him in charge. He was asked by the driver " What for ?" and witness answered, " to apol- gise," but he did not say for what. The driver returned with him some distance, and he a got the cabman's number, which he left at the house where the child had been taken. When he asked the cabman to apologise, he meant to the parents of the child. He did not see three or four cabs racing abreast, endeavouring to pass each other. He could not say whether the cabman was sitting or standing at the time of the occurrence; he saw that he was going pretty smart, but whether cantering or galloping he could not say; witness was cantering, and the driver kept ahead of him. The cabman did not increase the distance between them, nor did witness gain on him. He could not say how many mile per hour he was going at, for he was no judge of pace, but he thought the speed would be about a medium canter, he could not say whether the wheel struck the child before he fell or not, but he thought he saw the ? strike the child, causing it to fall, and the near side wheel go over it. By Mr. Greer: He could not say whether the child stumbled and fell down before the wheel touched him, but he would swear that neither the horse's head nor the shaft struck the child and knocked him down. He did not sec the child leave the side of street to cross, but he appeared to come from the left side. When witness first saw the child he was on the left hand side of the road. He was about thirty yards behind the cab when the child appeared to hesitate. The jury, after due consideration, returned a verdict of manslaughter against Samuel M'Aughey, the driver of the cab, for causing the injuries which resulted in the death of the boy Fearnley. M'Aughey was committed to take his trial on the charge of manslaughter at the next sitting of the Central Criminal Court, to be held on the 17th of the present month. Prisoner was admitted to bail, himself in £100 and two sureties of £50 each.—S. M. Herald • THE JUKEE BEEFS.—The crushing of 1 first large lot of stone from these reefs was 1; ' week concluded by Mr. Kirkpatrick's machi The amount operated upon being forty to taken from the Eaglehawk claim. The yiel' gold scarcely .came up to the anticipations <:.:. had been formed above 26 ounccs, • or about 13dwts. to the'. The stone from this reef has, however, c shown any tiling like as well as that raised - ' Wallett's, and notwithstanding tiie compar. poorness of tbe return, the mmers are b- : means discouraged, and are as confident as that other crushings in Jun'ee will exhibit . < much better results than the first. The 1- <• within the past fortnight'have been visited - great number ofmiuers, and.others from G - fell, Burrangong, and adjacent diggings, the population has not very much increi - and until the result of the'first crushing: Wallet's is known, it .is uot probable that it » THB DUEB OF EDIKBUBGH AND HIS EX "' LBKCT.—A paragraph has gone the round o' ' country:papers to the effect that a misun : standing had occurred between Prince A and Lord Belmore with regard to an invi" ( winch his Boyal jHighness wished the Govo -' toisaue to Madame Carandini- and her da^ ' ters to be present at a dirtier party at Go* ' - ment-House. With referebco to the state- . : therein made, which reflect on the ladit r on Jour -late illustrious visitor, we have authorised to state that no misunderstar;. ever occurred : betwee'n his Excellency ar-1 :b' Duke, and, moreover, 'the rumour is uUci'. without foundation. The facts of the case, as follows:—" His lioyal Highness was des : 1 of haviug the Carandinis at a musical party " Government House, nind asked Lord Belrn TI.. if he liad no objection to invite 'these ladirv , a his lioyal Higbuess had heard they were ir fibers of a refugee family of gopd position their own country. As professional singers m-i frequently invited to private concerts in i don, and as his Exccllency knew of no featu c in their reputation which should exclude tue- Carandinis, no objection was offered, aud th< y were accordingly invited. .This was the only occasion 1 wliou :tho Prince expressed his wish that these ladies, who have been made the subject of paiuful innuendo, should be the guests of the Governor. With reference to tbe reported cooluv>ss between his lioyal Highness aud fi»"d Belmore arising out of a refusal on the par! of the Governor ut the ddbire of the Prince i" i' 1- vite tht! Caraudiiiis'a seeon I time, J.IV informed it is uttcHv-'fulsc. His lioyal . M. Herald —W. W. Express, - -ni from ahy hy' rfiiniW' pi$P\vhcn I oen juvitcd to pt him. The ccllcuo .. "c £.on^,iJ&l;>nck trarJs- -si ••«*«' ia#I. i•••• «• IWJW"^ pWt-liV "il.aepari ^^, . Breed. - i .^ ''moMi! 1 gndiii: r<, tUattTtera, iMiga 1,1. fekfe- Li • ernorto%&Wf;%ut Jus previously ' atnie . . to • and" ^ •shori' • '•-•'' •.' ; «.!•» Tu CtJPi—3?iie !ArRns.-©f. Enday ERVB- 'O!<.>•• excitemeht»wau Manifested-hi, ilelb. rm ,'esterdny Uver tho rafe'for the 8yd-r ncv ( nnd long before the time', for receiving X ,f the races tho-WttdrfW ttttfa. Gove if.) < leolaud ^ throned with excited >rs'; v-, anxious to obUinUw slightest jnfoi inn concerning the events of the day, Wbe. 1 it 'injiouuccraent auiJeared tliat Ilie Earl ••.", dented Gasworjts jn the Maiden Pluto, adherents of Mr.^aita./avomte, The j b, ("'ho liud bepn advertised .and ,re- 'porlci • in impossible winiier), ;^erp.in ecsta- W : bceamo more^nine. than ever;that the '! k wonder' would pull through successfully. .'he result fully justifies their anticipa- the r. 1 : publi.- tion,, Wo.«tt hall-past four 'Mr. \ioydcr apr hu» liie message ion his> hjiudj, tond, ,-iniii!. loud cheers, anuouueed-that . fliedeinioii 'mli iOst. 8lbs. upon in* back, had wpn tliei'i '. ...ih oturapy sbcond; and Tim Wliiffler tlrird The performance is ctrtainly the jjrea- :teiit ,. r a (.liieved in the southern hemispheroi and J Teit and his trai.helr Ashweirth'deserve even' viise for the manner in' wlufchtbey' Jiuyo liroi;;, ihc victor through the" 'frying ordeal of bvi au immense favourite. To the oxvcU lent i iiirgof Ashworth and. the .clever-man- ajremr of Air. Tuit, and not to more .'luck,'is It attributable; and the thanks of, tho wlio, on the whole, have stuck manfully to the iJaut black, notwithstanding the steepleeliim' i ci.u'ht he was called upon to carr^ lire due to joth owaer and trainer for this splendid victo.-. Tiic Barb has now won the principal prizes both colonics, including tho A.JiC. tlie Melbourne Cup, the Champion ? l'ort Phillip Stakes.(twice), t|te jJMe- l)erbj liaco, iropo.i HO tile ' hlafV moiijv Tuit,"; lieu'- I'or'n. '.•Jonj- Tim, tfreal to lie n stakes, and tlte Sydney Cup (twice), •je lias well earned tlio wtme of, the ondcr.' A tremendous amount' of !ii8 been won hy the follbWers of Sir. th in Sydney and Alelbournc; /fhe lire, however, falling ti'ihe lot' of'the •itv, where tho wiriu'er lias' jbpofa all i-.rded us inviueible. Mr. Do Mcstrc's also had numerous adherents, ran the •se he has at oll times proved himself d, as was tlic case injthe same:race;last year, v >: close to the winner at the'.finish. The same J ses/iuisliod in cKactly the same places liist J'-M ." • -.' Mm - "!D or Mn. HAUIOAS the GOLDDCVEB. —Lit i 1 doubt, remains as to the fate .pfj^v Itallij;- the i?old-huyer. It is all liut pertain J Tint 1\ iias hsen murdered. y«ste.rdj»y,.Uis hat wliij-." portion of an alpaca coat, and .a shirt butt . were found close to the scruh 6h the Agr. ,ural lieserve, about eight miles from lowi Traces of a Btiuggle on-thc road, ahd dec- i:npressions of horses' feet, apparently froi liiii,; gallojiinK, were also discovered'. To- a bullet-mark was found on a iree close lo • icro the hat had been foilnd.' Ajiparently Jtl j i LnlJigaii must hare been met, on thp 'roaa hy ISC who committed Ihc crime.'ttnd dirfcetly he - nttaeked lib dashed 'forward toget flear and . i.i tlien shot at. The body has liofyet bwii h u: 1 .-', but .inspectors Murriiy tiud Jilliot an- li'A- tho-lracks leaditig to -the river, wlii>.. . -lbout a milo distant, nnd where the; bod' supposed to lie concealcd. Suspicion: has . (ached to a well-kuown . Jiorse-stealer uanii 1 l.Mmer, who was lately scon in the IIIMJ;!' ourhood in company with, thojno.torjous Tliuii, iM'bolt the bushranKor. A man w ho A ad been arrested on suspicion was afterwards diseJj -ged, ha\'iug .proved an alibi.— Nr Art;. use'' il Jiiv.. sad. lov-: . am.. .... 'Juurica the s( r up immediately an oblique b«.-' ard j-i-ossuie is lirought to bear upbtt'it: Tip. • Ivi.M.ugo of tiiis- is that .when a ridet is tin • n, his Coot being at the same time retained in i luilKl" th tlio " il ei inl. has .,-ii • Tin' .>11' is rv.iv <1U: . V «R. J J'. Maroii. •TE.N'T.—A small invention, says tlio • 'lit one which promises to he extremely and may bo the means of .saving many' 'ia.1 just beon jiatonlcd by Mr. Iio]yoakn, Jiourke-strcCt Alelbournc. It is ti' bar, tlin Je'visr of which gives wiiy ; st.ir-np-iron, the lever'falls back nnd re-' th ; tirrup, so that tce^e is no danger of '.jrlunite, equestrian being dragged along' 3 i ILCATIOMS TN QnunNRLAKn.—Tlio Couu 30th April states :^-An examination jr-oimts of the Supreme Court ollices ' ilie dismissal of Mr.-Gilbert Wright; : hi t of the defalcations in these ofliccs trtially known, b'ut they aro very seri- H. Stafford, late. ,cWcf clerk, ija the . I-' leklmmpton, has boon a'Saiii henrd departed for California on the 21st 1 i.e has defrauded tho revenue of over £-2o:). wc-nrr ii the IJiv Forri-st. Clark.-,' been nri KEH .) discoveries worp!piajl8 jes.l|£dajr", a iig! •arc. df nny fr6s1i "cases of plunder* in Service dopartmfet})^: but Samuel •ookkeeper In the'Employ of Messrs &«sod, and Go./of IpsWjcl}; jjitis also ^cd for emGezztemeut. .'ji:ALAND.--By tliA arrived at u> early hour on .Friday' iiibrniug' J lrom Uunedin, wc have our fileBfrbln tbat pOrt'to tho 22nd iiiHiaut. A. telegram from Wcllinfetoyi; of the previous days dttc, : "says :—'"' HenaWi"' a le i f^in g -iN'api<r: clrief, who^aiuohere with Mrj" M'Dean to ser ac'Pfiucft lias, promised, on liis rc^rn +9 K pusr,. to anako .enijuiries,-.itt'n(|f:iP l' 0 ""''^" f«ci rt>iu ijio truth.;rpga«]itiftHho'Cw-i porterl uuatli otTo Jtooti. .^;TJie oiSTfctlw'SfewW' Uir7rf^»iv n d H-Uilo^pa^iJrpiu^apiertp-duy, pf Mr* ^nv^w.^'.rfafti death of i^i j .ooti co.n0rme<J, Jjy'fUoiMoUkiv peo|)le. TTe was shot d^.^aiuteoP. Heu^ iojno.il.. tay* 1 mtelegram, - ^ t fdatod V MNapier, W t ^" April, l f i brokenup; UP: - Iforty'ofth^rtt V^'NTMIFIMII aWtti'tfaT'dis. ARTFTSTUAJMJ^'JW' 1 ' pPted hcyoed fi:duramia(at.itlieitroatmont ltiey m^coeu cd. ahouldehid thoirrifleiand'retur^Bd to taim..'-'i'lwySBy/that!tDn^ayi84fi'i!a»#d^iifc' nothing was-as--mu<^vv«l«^iliM4tjuitttil-t wonght pfiiunp jpn ..tUo folf- iHiliaiifte.^oliby;. afflte raoiij^ sw^rcd s with shoutsiof derision^nnd ieaid , •, * ,a ero, vvilling to fight if ooboBSory,^ -but m to be tnmb^L^ S G/lo^ ltoBiiEuV.—A robbery of a horee. buggy T $ m i a km,m theteio&'Hot' out of the itablo and harnc^ed m'Mthen ; „ « L Wa , 8 ^fred away, lloviug done tliis ARIL, uud with'rf valuable coiioer- 0 L E , RHAWMTAKCII^ROM^OTONBFFJ «f ho house, iot dispprfiped- ? • v^Jiuums'Hu ~ ORNNINO or THE U.AIR,W*T TO GOUMIURN.— On the occasipn.ol'lly) opening of the railway ti Goulburn, the Government intend to issue at s.tation j-eturri lifkets ntthc redtfoed itipfflinf per,raiio, makini;^tho small sum. of lis. 3d. for tlio trip from-Sydiiey to Goul-. ^ugn^ndi.lJBfllf. ,5.1ie tickets are to be available from Thur ,iW«ndi)y*n—GOKWUHI Herald. -•-''S l AVitt/Accii?ijNT. : 7-A New England corre- ^pdndontlbf^lio^iiitland Mdrcu'ry states that on Satur4pir -m^ing,?ith A|>ril, about half-past 'ft&o;'^'cloifK,' lipjEjjpf,,Oie most melaiiiiholy'aeci- ^nt over'occurred' inlscw England took .place at the liqniegtefid of Mr. Walter Craigie, t'nofl'h^ais. the Bos Hill Estate. About a'fortnight ago, Air.,Craigie's brother, from Victoria, jiaid Jiim a visit, prior to Iiis leaving for Seotiond, At thoi^time iof his .arrival in Armidale, Mr. Craigie was getting a well sunk at his place, by a practical' well-sinker, who kept constantly at %'ork until last Monday evening, the 19th April, 1 when he complained of being rather unwell, "and he went into Armidale for medical aid, promising tb rcturn the following day. The following day canie, and 110 sign of tjin man was forthcoming, so Sir: Cfciigie, being a practical ininer for fourteen or fifteen years in A'ictoria, said to his brother he would take the well down a few feet tmtil the man's return. Although somewhat against Mr. Craigic's will, bo went down last Wednesday morning to sink a few feet, being anxious to get the well down btforc tho weather h^oke j itho'inan not returning, lie kept sinking, •occasionally finding .rather foul air in the well. His brother told him, if thero was the slightest datigcrhe ought to get a windsail, but. he said there was not the slightest danger as yet. Oil .Eriday afternoon, the air, lie said, was rather foul,, but' nothing serious apprehended. On Saturday morning, after breakfast., he went with two of-Mr. Craiqic's sons to the well; one of the sons advocated trying the weij before going down, for fear of danger, but he said lie thought theri was no donger. He prepared himself, and netting into the buekct, took hold of the rope. When .about twenty feet down, he cried out to lower'hini quickly as thero was foul air. When lie got to the bottom the lads heard him groan, and- one of them proposed to go down to see what Was the matter. 15y this time Mr. Craigie's eldest son, Walter, came down, and ltobert, the Sbcond eldest, -was tied and let down. When lie got about lifteen feet down he cried out also to let him down quickly, because there was foul air, no his brothers let him down as' soon as they could. !!Wheh.-he 'had: got down within a few feet of the bottom, one 01 the brothers looked down and saw that'he had fainted away with his head falling backwards, so they set to work and wound, him up as soon as they could. In coming up ho was very much bruised about tho faco.: !When..he reached the top lie was perfectly unconscious; he was untied and laid on the. hank-j breathing was then hardly perceplible, but. with good attention and pure air he was got round in about half an hour. I believe it wais the Most narrow escape from death that ever occurred in this world. Mr. Craigie was soon on the ground, and it was with difficulty that lie could be kept from going down to rescue his poor brother, who was dead, I believe, in a minute,after he.got to the botlom. Here was a melancholy sight. No one dare go, for there is no doubt you could have filled up the well with dead-men. A wiiid sail was made; and Mr. Walter Craigie, junr., with great courage, •went in a bucket, well tied 011 to the ropo, iu caie of upoidont, and readied tho bottom, when he cnnounced that lifo in his uucle's body, was extindt. With difficulty he succeeded 111 getting- tlio body well strapped on lo the ropo; lie then came up, and afterwards the corpse was broughtup. Air. Craigie was only twenty-eight years of age not married. Ho was a very deeply read young ,mau, aud promised to be very clever in miniug, matters, of which he had great experience ; he was a large shareholder of quartz claims at Victoria. ' SPICJ.DE. ,OF A BOOKMAKER.—Tho^ turf has sustained a loss iu the person of A1 r. Stevenson, (lie great bookmaker, who committed suicide lately by cutting his throat, lie hud for some time been in n desponding frame of mind, and it was thought necessary to remove his razors, but he contrived to (.'fleet his purpose with his jjockcfc-knife. The life of constaut excitemcut lie led was no doubt tho cause of it, as he was a most oxciteable man, and when a race was being run in which he was interested ho was wont to behave more like a lunilic than a sensible human being ; and at the end of a day's racing, lie had frequently lost his voi<-e entirely by shouting.' Ho had a £40,000 book on tho Derby, it was (stated, and it was anything but a good one ; still, his gains had been very large indeed, and he jJiras under 110 apprehension of pecuniary difficulties. His death has caused a good deal of consternation amongst a large circle,of-bptting acquaintances, whose accounts it will probably sadly derange.— A IIIBEDAL licsiuND.—Tlio ideas which soiueiiien in this country entertain of the duties of 6 husband seem to lie of a very obscure and imperfect character. To this class, undoubtedly belongs "Charles H Knight. That individual was brought up at the Police-court on Tuesday, fpr wife desertion, nnd in the evidence it transpired that he deserted his,wife anil four children iirl80i, uud had contributed nothing since to their support; Knight, who described hinisrlf as an uctor, and who looked like a very shabby super, in a transpontine,theatre, treated mallei's very,:eoplly while the case was going'on, and with arms folded, 6tood iu a liidicrouslv stagey attitude, • .scowling at everybody. 'When his wife came to slate, however, that he. liad. given liprnftthing sinco 1861, all the indignation, of his higU-souled nature was Stirred,'and'ho e'Scfelaimed, ' IVotliink, did you 1 Say ! Didn't I give you 'arf ,a sovereign-on the Melbourne Cricket Grpwudiduring the matqh,of tho /hall ^nglish EhrenJY'—^f^- , v - . J iDlYUOiiiT 'BOBBERY!—.On Thursday, while Mr, and Mrs. iiobinson, of |lio Pitjsroy Hpfcpl, AYilUata-rtrijet, tyre ai^hv,> the'raises, a robbery was committed oh their premises. . It ap- •peaft'thait o : sou and daughter of Mr. llpbinspn vrcre left in charge of the libuse, and between la o'clorfcnoori niid 2 p:in. tho- chest of drawers in Sirs. Robinson's bedroom was broken into ; one ,pf;th'e;drawera*coiitaining<»iioneywtt8wrcnehed opon/.ioud) aboiit,'£30 .besides -Somfc jewellery wire stolen. A11 old woman; : A\"ho'Was «iigug<*"l inj8pi;uUMig put ithe rooms bf .the house,,was on. 13)} premises during the duyiv 5 •»><•'- *"••'' • YF I LIVE GHOST.—WO havo^omothing sonsallijnplj to ^epprd'iab Jast hlA lii-e^host-m'. milting noeturnal visitations iri the .poighb<Jur-> liood i, oX.WyagiJpo.iiSheiBPfctro haunfcs a parti- i 6i4ar trbo, ii phosphorescent, aad makes the air. resound with frightfuL shrieke. yells, nndi grfaaps:' ''il^brses ehVi a(: ,t|io,, apparition, end oveifyVotf viirtho 'neigubourhpodis niore orJess ppdred. Jjt is aaid ji pftrly jal' gentleman ^ept (Wit tf night' dr 'ivrp iigb", ' armed, wi^ijjaaguii,; to malf^ 'the iicquDintahdd of the gliostly viator, hut tkw fapesifalMmJqardftf.situie,!, Whether our '{nfo^mani tnoftttli that horli&d; not heard of |tlie rps^ift qf,their .expedition, or that they have clisappflprftcliiiiliroiiBhi aupe»atural «ieianB, ,*« do. uot fcttoiy.:! W.o give theitale tts told to'^is, and our Loaders can put their own construotaoh' iSjpOU li^ THIS FEIIAIOQINP I'AUFIKS ,ON. inn. JJ4J.11BW-, -BtDQ^itl—rho^^Wiigga^states .that- owing to tho approach of winter and the coiitiouodJinfcrrojition^'tf ibto ^fk* tiWso^ by the rise iu tlio waters of tWMurruuibidgee, the Bnaggingiiiarties, 1 under:Mr.• unaer.mr.»'Uttuoaw/ 'Labbatt/have nave for ror the season, concluded their operations. D uruig '*He < past l sc'{ls'6n ; 'c6mtnenMhg frppi'a jySnt.aJjout' midday' l»gtwe'6n ^U^da^ikud® Wl^gga 1 Wa^ga, about iPntoilerabbve^arni'ddfe'fa, abbut"iS4 miles ih length of the river's oourfie has been cleared; and between these: two.points no less than 3498 logs and snags have been removed; very many of them indeed having .been of extrembly fa^ge. dimensions. Bpsides these, an^ other large but'iinoouiitedj tiuuber of logs l^ing on the <! baiiks tbat ^re likely to be fr'iiBhed into tho stireim upoh the risipg of the witbrs Live beeji cut up arid destroyed by fire, arid the river during this portion of its course may now be safely .pronounced for all. navigable purposes to be thojrpughly clear and ireo from danger.: Last year, thb' work jyas proceedejl-,with, much.lpter than it has been in the. present one, but it.was then disposered that, what" with the shortness of the dbys, the eolUneBSTdf the water, andlthe frequency of the. little 'frfeshes that usually accompany, the approach of winter,'BO little progress was made'tlfeiitiwas considered advisable! not ag^in.to repeat tlie expcriinent. and this resolution we have not thp slightest idoubt lias been very wisdy arrived at. The :men ha ye no w all been paid off, and the punts and boats bave been for the time laid up, but with the return of spring the work will be renewed with increased vigour, and as by that time tlie sebcihd steam winch now building at - Guil'dngai 'will have been completed, the progreKS taade will be very much faster,than it has hitherto been. This winch, as tho waters fall, will -drop down the stream, removing as she, proceeds, any obstructions that may have. been missed, or have been swept in by the floods during the winter ana will then join the Krairi body of,the fleet above Narrandera, and' continue during the next summer the clearing work downwards to the junction with the Murray. With four feet of water upon our gauge the river-will now'be easily navigable by light-draught steamers to the bridge and as the first freshes have already passed down, the permanent rising of the waters and tho arrival of the pion'ber steamer of the 'season, 'are events that we may shortly be expected to have the pleasure of chronicling. The formation of the projected Strain Navigation Company is still being proceeded with, but no definite arrangements^ in connection with the opening of tlie navigation have yet been dcterininedupon. : , DISGBACEFUL SCENE.—-On Sunday morning last, just as the second bell'of "St. Clement's Church was ringing for Divine service, a ms'n named Ford, • labouring ^either under the influence of strong drink, or from tlie efiects of it, wa? ill-using , hib . wife who apparently left her home near the church aud directed her,steps to the vicarage, followed by . her .infuriatedhusband, who was prevented from acts of violence by the interposition of a.respectable young man on his wny to church.' The Venerable Archdeacon Lillingston happening to be passing from his,gate to the church at the time^interposed, and kindly placed the female with her inf4nt in safety. Ford then indulged in vile and blasphemous epithets, to tho Archdeacon, rendering the presence of a constable necessary. However, the man retired to his home, and the matter is. likely to be investigated to-morrow before the Police CoUrt. We understand that Ford was put in the loth-tip for drunkenness last niglit. The want of gratitude in this in fentc deacon, is a prominent feature in his case,' as when lie, on a previous occasion, could find.no employment, the Bev. Mr. Lillingston inter- ested lijrjsclf greatly on account of his large family 011 his behalf, and employed him about the vicarage.— Cuitious CHABQE OF CoKSMBAcy.-—The Australasian reports that a remarkable case of conspiracy to defraud was heard at Mount Gambier ])olice court on Saturday week. Four persons, viz., Mary Tolmie {widow of Murdoch Tolinie), Alexander M'Hae (her brother), Mary Buchan, and her daughter Marian Buchan, were brought up on the charge of conspiring to defraud William .Tolmie and others by representing'that a certain male child was bo'rri of the body of Mary Tolmie. The deceased, Murdoch Tolmie, died in J une last, leaving several sections of land besides personal property. The quantity of tho the land was about l SO icrer, worth £4. au acrc. W. Tolmie, the brother, was heir-at-law, and was treated as such by Mrs,, Tolmie till October, when a surgeon, Mr. Graham, was sent for to attend her in hbr confinement. -Before this she had said to a neighbour-she woul give anything to have a child to share her husband's property. When the surgeon attended 'h<jr, -he' tound the child already born, Airs. Buchan being ill attendance. Although there was the appearance of 1 colineincut having taken place, he was.satisfied that Mrs. Tolmie had not beeu confined, and that the child was not licrs. Mrs. Buchan afterwards said that the child was her married daughter's. Some of tlie evidence raised.the suspicion that the child was ' Marian Buchan's, but this was not b'orne out. - Sonie weeks before the birth of the child Mrs. Tolmie presented some appearance.of being enceinte. Afterwards she made affidavit that the child was hers, but refused lo submit to a iriedieal examination. Her statements seem to havo.been very inconsistent, for to one witness she admitted that the child was adopted by her. Attempts wbremade on behalf ot tlie defence touexplain this by saying that she did not know any difference between '* posthumous" and ".adopted." ; The llencli considering .that there was no evidence agaiust Marian Buchan, discharged her, and committed the other prisoners for trial. PATENT SHEET-WASH.—The Border Post states that a trial of MuiiroY self- acting sheep wash, which .proved to be highly. 8 satisfaetdry, was made on ,last Wednesday, at the Saltwater River." Six sheep were passed through hot water and soap ; They warp .then spouted ivith* cold water: ajid the,wool shorn, afteran interyal of two days 'is 'beautifully, clean opd-bright. Ten men can. By this process, Avash: 8000 .sUepp per day. Tho Mieep are mot handlW. TJip. quantity of cold water used for Bpou$ihg:"fivp sheep was contained in a 400 gallon' ir6n tank. Wester)) squatters commonly use 900 gallons of \ cold water to.spout each sheep: vl'he estimated: expense of spout washing by the pld.prooessiis one penny halfpenny a .head, employing .4ib»nt 20 nten for 1500 sheep. "Tho jUew prpce^s^4pes not'Actually require over ibne-'tontii of the water, or labour, but allow tliat it costs one halifor. jnuchftttiguonudiia'ury tt».thej8hfcBp,nbbeB8aiily; causod by the baud profifrb. . fTJiei patentee, undertakes to find plant, lab^r t ind. Joapn^fpr washiilg 40,000 sWp and upwart|8,,^ho,first year, for a chargo of 3d. a head. The plant and the future free nge bf the patent'to he given to the station. 'Jhe"carriage,of tho.planti^&c.i;'tjB be paid by squatter, and means found for. rais-. [iiig about I0p0',fi«Ilo?8 1 .«f irtttoa.a^SH^-to^ iheight of.fourteen fcei. ,.'".*...,. . A ' PAMIEY IN ! TEORELE.—Thomas, -p^idget, and Jumes Hayes, 'father, mother; tarmers on the Masquarie; were brouglitijefbw the Dubbo Bench on Tuesday fend Wednosda^, on a charge of having stolen property in=<dieir possession. Aftora longtiy.<BsaBiinati<)n (i thfey were remanded for eigivt daya. ,. While the inquiry ^'pifiic^iny.^aUamir^yef^ anipUiejrj son, was arrested and committed for trial.' It^^ appears, that. William liad allowed hi8 ; 'filial' iiffeotioh'to 16aa •him to make overtures of;«ompMiiise -biiteide the court with the prosecutor, 1 &nd; ; thus.fell int6 .the arm6. of .the law,. HewasiaUowedbnil: ;IDhe aUcgcA robbery, was of . ; sopip stores^ frdm ia waggon, caiiipea on tlie banks of the Macquarie Triply, itt this case, one trouble has'not come alone.— .••jVi't* v'f-*.- ''"' ; . ajipp Belmore a p o k e ^ ^ a t i t h e s d m : }m;ai'4& v Biver A^ifeStarirfeocietj.,. There is notliing in the bpeefli .wi^ 'Un^id our readers. ' It treats chiefly of the best mode of secoritagliSupply'df/(rat£r for sheep tind cattle, ^fr-life '«il»B«on'' of railways. There Bre also a few general observations re- Um- pire. ••• V^u^..^ ? sday, 27 th May; till the following Audralasian. -itotikB^ ^WJeSiyfv-c/. »<:! -Yass Courier. , . : , . Diilho Dispatch. lating to the iitility, »T,Agricultural Exhibitions. 