A COUNTY FAMILY. IjFHOM CHAMBEns'S JOUBSAL.] (Concluded ) CilAPTEH XLI.— 'WHICH PLACES OUH FBIENDS'. Herbert Stanhope had not exnargerated the matter when he said thaS Mr Waller blamed himself exceedingly for hid late obstinacy in resisting Ddntou'a appeal?, and was deeply touched by tho fat il consequences arising from it. Bat in a duy or two, and by the time the public inquiry was commenced, the quick-witted but had pors-uided himself that if he hid not ttbso'utely acted for the beef, he had ouly com mitted an error in judgment after all. By the time the inqr- eit wad concluded, Lucy, who re membered with a sharp bat secret pang her fttther'n statement with respect to the depreoin tisn of the reservoir sharer, was perhaps the only one not brought over to his osvn convic tion, bo earnest and plausible were his explana tions. Had he not Mr Flywheet'd letter, upon whioh, laying his hand upon it in the solemuest manner, he showed that the engineer, whose reputation was European, ha-l had no misgiving of the embankment's stability, ani had ridi culed those eutertainad, only a few mouths bo fore,, upon apparently aiiailar grouudi-, by Mr Denton ? It was true that tho lntter gentlem »n had proved' himself to be in the riqht, a^id thereby won a place for himaelf in his profds eisn, elevated indeed for one so young; but was he, Mr Waller, to be biased for takiug his views from the master and not tho pupil ? A* to interested motive?, of' which, thank H^aveu, he had, however, not heard a whisper, it was evident tbat he was the very last man to be accused in that respect. The expenses of such an official inspection as. Mr Danton had demauded would have been trifling, though it was true, as oue of the chief shareholders, ho (Me Wnller) would have had a considerable portiou of it; but even a? a matter of insuranco to his property at Mos'3'dale, it would have been worth his while to disburse a fo*v pounds, if ho had really thought there was occasion for it; whereas, what' hai actually happened to him, in conse quence of his unfortunate though not wilful neglect to, do so, was total and irremediable rain. Yes, he stood before that court a ruined man ; since, even if the result of that inquiry should not be to compel the reservoir company to repay the enormous ptcuaiary 1o9bcb whioh had been incurred by the catastrophe, let only the price of the shires at present becom pired with what it hai been a few days ago — but he did not care to enter into that subject. Wbafj was liability or pecuniary loss, that it wus to be mentioned at such a timo as that, whan Rachel was weeping for her children, aad would n?t be coinfortod becaass they were not!, .Aad what wa3 ruin or poverty to hits, compared with tha sting of that roraorne which woald never coise to torture him for having, however innocently — however much ia accordance with the highest ssiaulitic authority — neglected precautions by which this great calamity, whioh hid not spared even thosa who were nearest and dearest to him and hia, might ka7e been averted! S- ineffiniona and eloquent, indeoJ, was the ex M P 'd defencp, that, next to the immediate . sufferers by the oatuntrophe, there was 110 one who attracted bo much public pity an the chair man of that Board which at first was looked upon as having been the culpable cau3e of all that had happened. Even John Deuton, to 'whose sagacity Mr Waller paid so many com nlimanta n-. t.}lO BYnnnSil oflli8Q.Vn. felt half convinced and his evidence cettxinly bore less hardly upon the latter than might reasmably havo been expeoteil. Indeed, so far in his pe can:ary affairs were concerned (if one left out of the qajstioa the expectations ha had cherished respecting a rich son-ia law), Mr Waller was upon the whole exceedingly bene fited by the bursting of the embankuiont, since, undtr shelter of it, he was able to beooma bank i apt himself — whioh muat have happened at all events looner or later — ia a mast honorable and gratifying manner, a3 he always spoko of ic (and houeotly believed it to be), though he only paid threepence in the pound. There was no suoh exoaae for Herbert Stan hope, who wao greatly blamed in the coaaty for disposing first of the great Firgrovo. and iiamediately afterwards of the whole Curlew HaII estate, whioh was purchased by a commer cial person of no familiar family, and, it waa greatly feared, with an eye to dispose of it on building-leises. He paid, howevar, a mnoh larger price for it than had been expected ; so. that, after tho mortgages were discharged, there was sufficient to pay all Statihbpo'd turf debt», and yet loave him a thou-anci or two to begin the world afresh with. A 1 vipers wore not wanting as to the most jadioiciu invest ment of his little pioporty. Sporting Diwlidh, who had bean rather ' hit,' on the kit Djrby, pressed his frieni very much to l»y it out ou a 'perfoot oertain'y' for the ensuing Legor — no gammon about an animal that oauV be beaten, lika your Vignette\ but a really foregone conclusion — a secret t so valuable and momentous that it ooald not to be trusted to ink aul pipar. Novar Binoa lords beoame blaokl'gi had there been Buoh an opportunity, upon hia honor. Bat Herbert, with many thanks far that aud for a past kindness, which, he said, aad traly, he should never forget, declined this templing off jr. Ho had ' a perfect ceitiintj,'1 ho wrota as far as a promise could go, of hia own, whioh was quite sufficient for him ; in paint of fact he was eusjagod to be married to.Mi'S Lacy Waller. ' Thoa Horby iu diatauoml, aud that fellbtv Bentou has taUen up tlie mnuing with the other filly,'* e\:oJ/;imed Dasliah whon ho reached that part of the letter; and v?j, who have had such opportunities of observing for ourselves, may easily imagine that the sj gacions young mnn waa right. '? A second ustuta counsellor an to the disposal of tho relic3 of Starihope'a property offered himself in the person of Mr Waller, who had consented, in the handaoinest and most agree able manner ((.hough not till ho bad found op position uaeh-es), to Sanhopo's marriage wii.li his daughter. Thosa two or three thousand pounds of his, he assured him; could he quadrupled in a year or two, by investing it iu the Babmar.ine tunnel about. to be oonstrncted between Weymouth nnd S-( HHliars, in which adventure he could, by fuvor, still'procuro for him a fow shares. Bat SUnhopa declined even this glittering bait. ? Jj.m Danton, on whose jiidgarnt he had ? had such good cans 3 to rely, nud Who Ecvnr expreoaoil hims-elf upon Hny subject of which ho had not oUained'conu.lerable. mastery, h«d oouimunicated to him Sdina fucla received fro»n a sure baud concc-ruing a c;jrt.Hin property 011 the Murray, near Sandhurst, iu Victoria, and ho made np his mind tw emigrate thither, uud if posiible purchase it. He knew something of Btoclt farming ; ho was strong and active, nnd impatient for wo/k for its oivu sake, even if he. htid not the strongest iuecutive to it in Lucy, who herself in nowii-o shrauk from tbo pro spect of a new life which, if somewhat hard uud rough, should be at least neither hollow nor diahonebt. She longed io leave Mosedale, with all its bitter association?, and where she could not persuade herself that her father was. regarded by his neighbor* a* he believed him self to be ; and lbs greater distance that was placed betw^eu them aud it, even though it were half the world, the hatterl But uufor tuaattly, the relics of Siai.h-pe'8 fortune only just sufficed for the purobaise of the stock and land iuques'.ion aud for passage-money, leaving ' nothing for outfit, and tue necessary expenses of aettiug up uu an establisamout ? in the bu«h. ' You shouul have an additional five hundred pounds,' said Denton thoughtfully. ' That, at all events, makes my decision easy,' an swered Stauhope, with the ghost of his old careksi iaugh, ' for it's plain1 1 can't take the farm. ' ' If you are not too proud to barrow the money from me,' said Denton simply, 'I shall havo a real pleasure ia lending it to you.' . Stanhope colored to his very temples. ' No, I could not think of that,' said he decisively. At thi«, Denton turned as red as he. ' I am sorry,' taid he stiffly. ' I was ia hopes that our relations with oue another w^uld have ad mitted of that at leasS even if I had offered it as a favor, and not aa I houestly meant it— as au eligible investment.' ' There is no mau'a money whioh I would borrow — nay, if you come to that, accept as a 'gift— s- readily, aud witli so little sense of humiliation, tn yo'irs, Bir,' said SUnhope warmly. 'Dj.not let us misunderstand euch othei- again, my friend.' ' Oa, I see,' exclaimed Deuton; 'you da not give ma credit for having so large a '-private parse. You faucy I should be obliged to apply elsewhere.' ' Y-s, to some one whom I re spect and esteem abovo measure, but to whom' I could not be pecuniarily indeLted.' ?' Well, she would not like to hear that, I know,' said Diiiton softly. 'But perhaps you are right. It is a delicaoy, at all events, which does you honor. But, a* I was about, to.say, this money is my own, worked pretty hard for, I flitter myself, and yoa will much oblige me. by taking it. It is as good au investment as caa be found, in my opinion, aimvhere : so take it. aud no thanks.' And this ia the man whom I have been idiot enough to call ' no geutle mau,' thought Stanhope, as he shook hands over that bargain. . We may- say here that Stanhope and his bride went oat to Sandhurst accordingly, and prospered fairly for some years. .,; We trust even the fair stx will forgive Miss Lucy for not immolating herself, after the' . fushitn of suttee, oa tho funeral, pyre of a husband in posse. She frankly iuformod Herbert that she could never love him exactly us she bud- loved young Richard; bathe quietly acquiesced in that arrangement, acknowledging bluntly, Tartuffe that he was, that he had not 'merited Bach adoration. He had no doubt Bhe had sufficient capabilities for affection left for the utBarts ot a vagabond hke him; which indued proved to be the case. She had always liked him ; and when, after her lover's death had softened her, aud made her sensitive to all such matters, she siw her onco playmate aud neighbor about to commit a baaoneeo in en deavoring to win a hand that ho knew had been promised to another, she took him soundly to task, rnoeived the confession of his enormous liabilities, and begun to pity him immensely. Facilis descensws amoris. They inirried, as we have uaid ; aud- when they sailed across the world, Mr Waller ac companied them. He was not a man to bury hio talents iu the wilderness — good wine needs no bush, he was won't, rather -egotistically, to observe— but established himself in ex cellent quarters at Melbourne, where he be came a great social sacoeaa; entered the legisla ture, and is not without good grounds for balioving that, on the next change of ministry, ha mav be entrnated with tha lnnnnonmniif, of the colonial nuance?, '' A'lvarioe Australia,' will then,' he epigrammatically observes, '' be indeed its motto;' for he has Beveral specu lations on hand, whioh only need a little help from tha Gjveromaut to turn out Eliorados, and they shall have it. ? Of course we are much anticipating matters ; but after some years of that fair prosperity to which wa have referred as having been Stan hope's lot, the information whioh Danton had rocoived from a scientific friend respecting the probable valao of the Suidhurat property at length bore fcait. , The very kht gold diacoveiy, kaowa as 'the Spring Creek Ka*h,' took piaoe upon Suuhopo'd own land, and ha sold that portiou for what bis fathor- in-law, with soma exaggeration, cou sidoring tbat it was huudreds of acres of the U3ual tbickneaa, describes as ' its weight iu gold.' At all events, Mr and Mrs Stanhope woro among the arrivals from Melbourne . in oue of the Australian stoamera this very year; aud it is 'understood' by tha chroniclers of such local pieoes of information^ ' that, thanks Ui a lucky bnt'-well-'losorved stroke of Fortune's piolr,' tho estate of Curlew' Hill is soon about to pasB back into tbo hands of tho suno family that have held it for many centuries. , Iu tho. meantime, the ' wealthy and reBpeoted pair' are staying at Blaokburu Manor, the seat of John D^mou, Ejq , 11. P. It is also annouaced by tho same authority, that the whole of the debts of ' oar late tnleuted Wlow-townBman, Mr Waller,' havo been discharged, notwith standing there being no legul necessity for auoh an act, in full. John Denton, although a wealthy man, by no inenns owes his prosperity to t}}9 fa'ot that ho has. married an heiress. He. is a magn*te of the;world of cogs and wheels, a prince ia hi* own right of the powers of vteam and iron ; idleness, albeit of course he hifs no need (in the vu'ear senee) to toil, is imposHiblo with him. Bat nobody grudges him litber money or iufluence, sinco he uses both for good. Every man nhotva nigcs of promise, no matter what his calling, yet lacks means, finds a; friend, not a patrsn, i-i Jahn Denton. His landed neighbors, who looked on him at fi'-st with con (?il'-ral.ltj au'picion, and lvpea.ted to themselves! thtir favorito sliibboletb that ' it Jalten three generations to make a gentleman' — aaif thirteen did not as often as not produce a t-omndrel — have made up their minds thatnotnuhhtanding thoae infernal radical notions of his, there ig nothing very dangerous about him after all. But in their secret hearts they aro afraid of Ma). Mrs Dentou herself, it is acknowledged ou all hands, ia one of the sweetest of gentle women ; sn;l no' withstanding that early experi ence of hers — ' dhe wus quite poor, my dear, at one time ; indeed, abjectly poor; worked at [lillow-lace for a livelihood ; in fact itV too ubooking to talk about '7— with manners not inferior to those of the lord lieutenant's wife. 'But then she comes of a good old stock, aud her children at least, of whom nhe has Heveral, nny bo held to be members of a Couaty Family. ' CHAPTER XLI^., AND LAST. Though Stanhope and Lucy had married and quilted Eagland within six months, at least a year elapse-d before John Donton was wedded to his Ellec In Mrs Blackburn thev founJl no obitaclo ta their engagement, now that her Willy had been snatched away from her : she never had any real objection to it, except in se far as it seemed to militate against her son's prospects ; aud iudeed the young engineer had, . but for that, been always a favorite with her. And he deserved to bo eo ;. though she never knew how deeply she was in debted to him, ehe felt grateful for the ten der solicitude with whioh he endeavored to soothe her declining days, and perhaps even for the reticence whi3h his courteous delicacy used with, respect to those weary eighteen months of unjust exile he had' suffered nortlv at her hands ; but she never guessed that, for her sal:e, he had hidden a secret in his own breast, and k-*pt it t© the end, a secret a hint of, which woald have brought her grey hairs with more than sorrow to the grave. At pre sent, next to the loss of) her son's life, what grieved her most was that his body was not recovered, or rather, that it had formed one ef that score of indistinguishable victims of the catastrophe whom not even their own mothers could have known. She had not even the sad consolation of. feeling that her boy lay in the neighboring vault with the rest of hia long Hue of ancestors, and that one day, which was not far off, for *he only survived old Anthony tvo year?, she should be laid beside bira. Thanks to her grandson in-law, Bhe was spared a far more terrible woe. Dentan of course had been one of the ohief witnesses at the inquest, and among the dread ful incidents of which he had been the spec tator was the identification, or the attempt at identification, of the victims of the flood. Now, there was one body — that of a female — whicb, although totally uninjured, remained . unidentified to the end. It waa recognised by a widow in Mosedale in humble circumstanoes, who let lodgings, as having been a tenant of liera lor a lew days, bat she neither knew her name nor where ahe came from. The features were strange to all who looked npoa them — c-x- 'capt one man. Denton alone know that it was no other than Mrs William Biackbnrn — poor Baas ; and instinct, stronger even than bis sense of ju^tico, bade him hold his peace. There was much talk about this particular inci dent, for the oase waa very peculiar : this body had not been hurried down the river, like the rest, but was found iu tho reservoir itself, when .the waters had drained themselves away ; and, moreover, it waa tho opinion of the doctors that death had occurred some days before the general catastrophe. It was supposed that the unhappy woman, whoever ehe waa, had gone up to ihafc desolate moor, and there committed suicide. Aud in this idea D.nton himself had at first coincided. Ic seemed to him, who knew uer uujiu iiuiure wen, prouauty enougn, tnat, being desc-rte;! by her husband — for it was now evident that hi» story of her having died at Formosa wa8 false — Bhe had ventured to come into the neighborhood, perhaps with the hope of even yet winuiug him back to her, perhaps only with the fond desire of looking at his newly acquired greatness afar off ; and that then having heard, as she was certain tod i, of his unprin cipled courtship of Lucy Waller, wretched ness ansl despair had caused her to commit self-destracim. Bat afterwards it was his lotto hear from Mra Blackburn's own lips — how little »he knew with what horror they were filling him ! — a circumstance which convinced him that her son had been a guiltier wretch than even ho had deemed him. She was talking, as she- took that grim, pleasure in doing whioh may be notioed in all persons of her cksa, of the terrible events whiub. had deprived her of son and husband at a blow; and Ellen, striving to evade the anbject, had uaed some commonplace about the terrible unexpeotedness of the calamity, when Mrs Blackburn said: 'Nay, Ellen; it may have been unexpected.; but now that it has happpened, I may tell you both that it did not oomo : without warning — I mean without another sort of warning than that whioh John gave ub ; for I myself had a Message from the Dead.' Then she told them how she had uetm tho ghost of Bess in R-tdmoor Firgrove, and how, sinco she knew it boded ill to the BUckbarn race, she had revealed it to her Willy. ' Then that accounts,' said Ellen cravely, ' for poor Uncle William's strange behavior in that very wood when we were moving to tho cottage ;' and she nanatad — of course omitting all mention of William's brutal conduct to herself— his wild bearing daring that journey. ' Ay,' said Mrs Black burn, ' doubtless that was the cause. I know for nmuy a day after I had told him, my Willy used to go over the moor, in hopes, may bo, of Beeing hia poor Bess onco again, even though sho was no longer flash- and blood. Heaven only knows whether he did or not ; though it is now clear to me that sho oame on his account,' Once again that day, when Denton was uloue with her, the widow again re verted this Bubjeot. 'I didn't like to talk more about it before Ellen this morning,' said Bhe, 'because jast now, you know, in her delicate couditiou, it might not bo so well' ? 'Forgive me, my dear Mrs Blackburn,' interrupted the young man gravely ; ' but it is a subject that yon should not talk of to anybody, and upon whioh, if you will tfike my advice, you will for the f ntura bo silent.' ' What! it'a unlucky, is it? Well, I daresay it is ; and I am sure we have bad misfortunes e.nongh without our bringing them upon ourselves; bo I will never mention it again — only just tell me, John — you are 83 wise about everything — do you think it poseiLle that my poor dear Willy ever did see Bess on R^dmoor ?'' ' Yes, madam,' replied 'Dei. ton, f with averted faco and involuntary shudder — which Mrs Blackburn ascribed to supers lit iona fear — ' I think he did.' An AjieniCAN Advebtiser. — Mr Hambold'g raaynifict-nt four-in-hand double team of dark browa horsrs ia one of the sight* of L-jdj;; Branch, and this no newspaper man tuvirs him, for the great druggist hao obtained a for tune as the most coumgeons — some people, who do nob understand it, might say. rtckiess — advprtintr in the world. Ho commenced with 2000 dollars eighteen years ago, and row he spends 10,000 dollars a week in advertieiug a'one ; alwaja working on the plan of the more begets the more he advertise*. He has 2700 papers on his list, and he has paid to several of the leading journals from 1500 to 3000 dol lars for a single insertion of bis great adver tisement. Ha always communicates with the editor or proprietor himself, and does' Hn own; business with them. To the NtW York Herald he once offered 5000 dollars for a page, b&t; it was of the issue whioh announced the fall of Richmond, and interesting matter then so pressed on Mr Bennett that he was obliged to decline the offer. 