WEBLVSYAN OIHAPEL, GIllRINGONG. TirE Wesleyans of Gerringong have for some time past evinced a determination to build a now and suitable Churoh. We fully appreciate the spirit which ]ns lchar acterised their ollbrts and liberality in sub. scribing to so desirable an object. The laying of the foundation stone was a favor able opportunity for making an effort to add to the amount already in hand-nor was it lost sight of-and thle lev. W. Taylor was invited to conduct the service and lay the stone, which took place on Fri day last. The site selected for tlhe now Church is at the rear of the old building, on a lovely eminence at the soutlhsest corner of the allotment. A lunhelcon was provided gratuitously by the members of the Church, and served in the old Chapel, which had boeen temporarily enlargeod for the occasion. Tables were erected ench side, from end to end, afbford ing accommodation for about 200 persons at one sitting. There could nothave been less tlhan 500 partakers of lunch, as the tables were nearly filledat the third sitting. The management in this department was unex ceptional, the edibles oexcellent in quality, and profuse in qouantity. After the luncheon people ussoembled to .vitness the ceremony of laying the founda. tion stone. Under the stone a groove was made, in which was inserted a tin canister, containing the following:--" The Minutes of the last Australian Methodist Confeor. once, oplies of the SUdney Morning Herald, the Hiama Independent and the Kianma Pilot. Also, a document, showing by what body the Chuieh was erected, the dnto, by whom the stone was laid, the ofice.boearors of the Wesleyan Conference, the oflice. hoarers of the Church, and contractors for the building." The 1nv. W. Taylor took his position, accompanied by the Itove. W. Hill and R. Wilson (pastor of the Indopen. dent Church). The ceremony was opened by singing the 773rd hymn. Plrayor was then offered by the ltov. 31. Wilson. The 1ov. William Taylor sipronead the mnortar, and turned over the stoneo, saying: -" I pronounce this stone to be weII and truly laid in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Ho then proceeded to address the assembly in in the following terms : Mly Christiae Sisturs and Brethrun,--If an angel wie to ooleo down anid imakue a survey of lthi vast country, lie would find all sorts aot helis, cattle, hIlurd, inllremonts, &u.;,--ovenu ooking utOensils; and would naturally coll clude that tlhese beings could niot live without food. Ho would find plenty of flesh and fish, and would say, here is tlhe supply and here Is the demand. lIe would find, also, a traok to the spring, and conclude they ruquire water. lie would ind wood-they requih heunt.. Hle would go rouud and view the ins and outs of everything, and oonoludo that we were ia gro. garious people. But lie would fald a pculiar ki:id of distinction betweun thile supply iand the demand: anrd would say this distinatioi was an indiocation of thile dilffereoo hotweor this poplo and the people of another world: in short, they hove a spiritual inatuie, without its cravings. lie would find tllat these re quirelaouts had to do with their spiritual na. tauro; amolig the heathenus there tlhey are, venc among the Kaffirs. lie would find out the nucessaries of tlhe people, know their ro. quilrulouts; anid, ray friendrs, by various aagoneolos, God is trying to olect the dolenrds of his people. Sino halve ai deoslr for nllonluy. ionaoy, liy friends, is naturailly. rnclilh; slid those wli chieflly dusiro this, Imust be so also. Tluhere are senu wlho hae niot this do. sire, they are not racirhl. I arim Sirs there are niot many whio oplroachl the PhlariseUs in tlis eospoet. Christ says, " Comiu unto ire, and I will give you rust. It is a factl thait Christ has tohe piower to give, iand will givu if you will onrly submit to hiil, There ois proot.of testimony In this faot; but, swith man, there is no proof of tcstihnony. 1i gous throulih 'a oontinual formality, and leaves nio grllnirld re. eult,--his attioas bear no test ivhatevsr, Ir. cause io laicks the power with wlioh tile Snaviour isl possoesed. Tle miost loral mran could only, without this, say ori promise, rwith. out ally result or porlullooy; b ut the iura. bloast disolpl of Christ lhas this prower, and his notioes will be rlooomlpaaied with good re sullts. This is the only prinoipleo --to coan to OChrist. No brilding is as important as tile iouase of God; and the Ministers of His hlaose requlreo to be first converted before they eultor is i house ; for it is God's proviuco to seid forth labourersra, niot hangoers.ori. It is nrot a grand flow of oloquenice or shaow of talent that is requirod in a,rniistetr of the Gospel; for the Soripture itself confears nio great taloents uuoa its ardent soarohors: but it is thle atual risult thrhat God looks for. The Illrmony of ardent nation is only aij proof that theoseu (tho Scripturos) are thie orudentials; but every minitstor must get Iris qualificrationr frorn God hiinrself.- Thisis thie way lii whlicr manry are called of God, It is a great blessing that we are put in possession of those facts; but 1nl1 speaaks hi a foreign tongue, ruses onnecesscry oloquanoo, so that bis hlnguago becomtes il. comproholusible. Now, we don't want this; we want to hour ilim, and we wllnt to unllder. stand 1hhn. I once hoard of an old lady, who liad boon used to listen to this runnecessary oloqurenoe, omaking a strange relanrk after hearing an amiinet lministor. After thie sor. vioe, oil being interrogated as to what sihe tlought of him, siho replied, I saw nothing grald ill hun; I understood overy word ihe said I" It ought to be the aim of every minis. tor to prueaoch so that overy one eanr under. stand him, and comprhrenrd hIis manning. This wais thie churanotor of Josus; arnd, my friends, I wish to establish this prlllialple as a proeoodont,-- do depreooate all formallty and routinoe: overy hour should hu erployed to the progress of religion, The preaolir's bum. nres is to present thie truthb, and thenilIlustrate it, to work steadfastly for this one grand uend: and thoro miust boeanaice idjustliaont, and also a suritable applloation, In sverything else but. roligion lthls is tile prinoliple-wo are " dll-i golt in busiless" (and thrI'sa noi objection to that)l but our diligouoo fllsa short in nothing elso but ruligloil, we go through a formral routine and arce satisfield with tihe results, That is not what weo want, What would yeou think of a physlolan who would go round tihe wards of a hospital, examine thie patoients, ard givoe no administration? Ho would not be fulfilllng his duty: no, he oeaminelns tho pa. tiont, fools his pulse, finds out tho oauso of his diseasao, gives tile adjustmront, and finally offoote a cureo, 'So it oughrt to be with ro* Ilgion- wo wiant the soultablo nadjiuetmnt and tihe oure; anrid to aooomplisl .this there must be a living working, in whilh we requiro aleo tihe ao.oporation of the menmbeorshlip-for in " unity there is' sitrstigth :"-wo mrst all worke with one accoord for tirhe oe obbjest, If theore Is oue ,or two, out of the list, theoy may by their mischief pull down all the worhse whichr have oeoupnod yeare to oreot ; so tlat if you find one d lasontlnt among ylou, talco my ad vice, just disseat him and bolil him down, for onno sinnor oan do a great deal In prullirg down, I wll just give you a briof doesorlption of thie way they work:in Afrloan, While Iwas engaged in Africa we lad a groat many con. verosions in large rnumrbers--400, 800, 200, and sonon, In various airoulits wheno I loft. tohey followed up tile work themseolvos, and in tihe noxt year theore were 500 more added to the number. That was'a resilutr worlirng with no anooord-it was thie combinled power, Thoro was not an old oroakor loft. T'hey havo gone on over hlnoo I oven thie little boys and grls find plenty to do. I will narrato rn Iidln t wshioh hlappnead in Afrliona, arbout eighty miles from tire Airnniaw mlsmornary statlion, hloh - ig tBh agonies God rises to draw solrs unto lim, Twvo yong oiildron hlad attoendda revival mouting, anrd raecived Jesus, and 'as they wentl tripping along to their ihomeno, telloy slng thie ihyins tiey rhad heard at the moot. Irg; and their sinllng waited up ltho'ir old grintudfitiur: they told him rhow thely lind re. uoliveril tile SosiorrI', anld hi was osi SIlpi iseld at tlhlr Joy tllat htie ilk I " Well, I nnlrtgrlo thoiro, to," Thais old uian had two, slves, sunlld he loarned from tho children tlhat it was a siln; so he. got his two sticks (for ho was a do. crepit old follow), andl hohblod off inmn. diately to thelo station. Hle reached his dcsti. nation iahout day.lhroak in the miorning, while tho morning.prayer was heing conduCted in the chapel, and thour tlhe 'sucrots of his ihart were 0mad3 manifest;:" he fell down amnnng the otlher converts, and confesse0d his sins. I1U told tie m3issio0nary he had two wirves, and he had leoarud that it was against God's law; he said, "I will kop1 tlh old one, for I lovo her, s0lo was my frot wife, and slhe loves me. I love tle y0ung 33n3, too, but I will give lher op, for I love the old onu better.. But I don't know Ilow to get rid of tlhe young o3o. I'll bring thoum to you, an3d you can oxplahi3 it to them." Late in thle afternoon he came with thie won3en, and tlhe children 'fllowing after them; tlhey marched up the aisle of the church1 . Brotlheor Latnp. Ilough, the mlissiunaryv explineid thle nmattcr to tihe women, who, it appunerod, diid not know what tloy wore broiught there for; an3d 1when he aunou0ced his decision, the old 0wo0l0nn cried ont with3 joy, "01h, I a1n so glad of tlhat, I will have him as all 3ny own now." Tha young o0e cried bitterly; and ovoryono seemenod sorry for liher, and woreo surprised that she took it to iheairt so m3uch; but thle roat thing slo said was, " I than3k God tleat I n0mI free from this old man" (laughter). Silo was thankfuil thait slie was convllloed of her sil; aho recoived the Savioulr. Sihe Craved for hlier childron; and thie old 3man allowed her'to take themn, althoughl, aeoording to Kaffir law, he could have kopt them. Siho piromisad to go 0home to her plaroents and live riglhtously. I hiave rolntcd this, my fiiands, to show whlat agenoies God uses for ail this was noooomlisihed hy tile little chilldrono' singing 0on their wray homo from tohe iniioiinry mooeeting, I wish the inillistors of thie Gospel could onlly nppro0 oiato my talolts, natural taloents, anld becomo iuseful; for they will Ihave no cihanc of being useful if tlhey aspire to Iigh oloquence. And not only mnllisters, but tile m3nbe3rs may hoe co0me useful in tile OlChurchl by trying to con. vort sinners. Don't try to ride in first.cliass carriages, for theoy aro fll enouglh ailreudy; but tile hobest thing for yeo to do is to properly develope your toloits, i3nd not to hobe too) haty. If you are 0ot too hasty, and be oanutious, you lire Ar to got op. We minest not be afraid to work. Soim think whooi tlheoy got into olice in thie lChurlch, all they hIave to do Is to put on their gloves and loeek on0; but this is not wihat wo want. I will rolito a story totl hy Go nioral Washilngtol, in llustratlion of this. iha oaioo to suieo 3u3on on 0e occasioln, who wore ondoavouring to roll iioia logs whiol wurr rather lheavy for theum; a dandy little our. poral waIIs standing by as oversoeer, accoutrad, writhl sword hy Iis side, and as thle 3n0e were straining tloneselves hle would cry, " lHeava away, my.lads, lheave away." The General walked lip to tihe crorporal, and naskeld wly ho did not give thoem a ihand, as it was for tlehlr oaoutry they wore working. Thoe corporal re plied, "' I will give you to understand I am a .corporal, sir, and not sent lhero to work." "Well," said tile Goeiral, "1 am thie Com. mandor.in.Ohlof, and I do work." You should have s0on that dandy little corlporal liow small he looked. Now, thie 0Gonr3 lhnd so00 thliig of wit in hnim, and he thought he wouldi ivo thils port little oileCOr a dig. lIe told h11m lo once know of a corploral who was pirsuoad by Indians, while in a forest by IhinIsolf. 1100y woro pressinIIg 10upon0 bhi fat, ad ho did not IOow what on oanthi to do. Fortinately, hio camne across a illoiw log, and he trlied to oroep ini; but the hole wa3s iot largo oouogh. \VWhat was to be doie; he tried every dodge possible. No time was to be lost; hu mllust got in ; so ho tlhloughlt of all tihe mean notions of which he hald hoaou guilty duriig his lifo; 3nnd he boouaie that small that lit last he felt himself slide in, hIoad.foremost, appnrently without any dilliulty (Inughter 33and Iloliiuso). T'hlis is thie way with s0ei0 33n0n who they get into tile Chulrch--thoy hIl.' coni toro hlg-tley rnh againiiist vyodyol, ntld cause conteortion. Youn s000 frhnlo, 3w0 musot hlave a hearty oo-operation, or tie work will not go on well. Godl says: "I shall 1l3nr out my sirit uponi all flash, &c.;, and tloy shall lrolosy." Thlero is a pooelinr meuaning in tl--it imparts exhortation, lnot exalta 'tioi, for all shall prophlosy, and tie eoathlon shall bu rudueemed, oanld he will report. The gift is com3plete without that, it is a stallo gift, aind fromi It we are to uadouatund thlat all are on an eq0ual footing. Evorybody shoulld be employed ill thie workl of religion; we should all learn to pray aud prophosy--both moll anld womenol. Io kings if you please, but pray and prophony, TI'hor are a groat many whio have not thie ability; but thlose who have should. We mu3st also employ the ohildron: now, lot mle say a word or two 3upou this to parents. It is tihe grInd objoet of tlie Church to employ thie ohildron. We Iavu Ohlrist's toaolhings upon tlhat sobjoot in the tomples, for iostance; whluo the otl n3o30 wor0 puzzled to comiplnhoid the preauchling of tihe Saviour, and who he was, the childrei cried out, " 0Hoan3auih to the Son of David " 'lThey understood llhhn, 3nd rooognised him as tiio Sus of David, ' To Aplostles were ilclined to roulklo them, but were prevented hy tihe Saviour; ho said to tliem: "Pray. havo ye ot heard tlhat out of the inouthls of' blabs and auokllings God hath perfeoted Iiraise." HIe could not Iavo said more than3 that. Lot us try anid Ilid out what thlose babhs anld ouok lings were; hlow old were they, tllik you 0wer tIhey little uno!soaioos babus? We doni't knowi; butrwe know that tlheoy were istrooted by their Prlnoo: they saw by his words that h was the Mossilah I they could s0e that tio was tihe Savior I MIy frilnds, your 'chilroon ihould be conOvertod to God lwhile tlheoy are yet babus aind suoklings, nd omnployed il iiil work, But at what ago, you ask, arel olililron teriod "I babes and snoklings?" Ton years? Now, just imagine whl3nt a nloo 3aul0ling a3 babh at t0 years would hobl iSx yoars? No, we must come lower than that still. Amonog the Jews in aniolent tihnes a little boy was kept in the nursory at four years of ago; and whnu he lIttained the ago of ive yeonrs, he was allowed to go out3 so that from tills we Inny ,uppose those habes and suOkl3ngs to have boo nundur five years of ago. Mntheors and fathers, yon are rerponolible for the trainitng of your ohildroni; end you coat fix thie time youar selves w0hen thley an hoe oonvertod! ut it should be doeoo, for God's t1a013h1 gs and your rcanson allows tlhis to be a nocosltv. Scaroh God's law, and you will find It so; don't put off till coonvonlnt sasons,0 but secure eaorly tholr mnoorings in the Churoh of Christ. Donl't soend them into the world without a 0o0npass to guide tlhon,'but bring them to the BSlvour, and tilO will be their guldo and proteo. tor. At the conolualon of his address, Mr. Taylor urged on his hearers the wisdom of building the church without a debt. Ho thought it would bo:t grand thing-to be able to pay for it boforer thie dooond stone was laid, Only 'about' £50 moro wne ropuirodlto make.ulp.the whole amount of contractl and ho ouggested that a col oIdotion bh immediately made. This being approved by the nasembly, a considorablo amount was subscribed, About six o'clock p.m. such as intended staying to hour thie Ioture wore invited to teo in the boothi after which 'it was. arranged with seats. BJ seven o'clook it was Jonsoly crowdod,, and sloi'tl aftoer.l wards tlihe r'vorondj ooturorente'reod. ' Thoe proceeoding' commenced with singing. aliid prayer, and Mr, Taylor dolivdrod.a loo. ture on "Ohristian Adveonturos in' Sooth Afrioa," whie 'will appnar in our noext issueo, 'Theo time ocnupind in its delivoery, to use Mr. Taylor's own oxpresion, was "two mortal houirs," TPho present position of the building fund' is asfollows:- 4C a. d. Owocels of m nio 1o.0 08 0 Uollwiiol nitodnr 3ter3ms at slenu ,,..;,,,.., 0 7 0 O'rowods of lwtare ;,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.,,,,,., 0., 1'0 SuhsotlpIlo mia d ..... ,,,,. ,,,,,,,,, lim oh O . Hublorlpllt l Ilo rmla d ,, ,,,,,..... 2t "5' 0 £13 310 'Ingotilar to nlliell3i0333310 loal no os ly ed 3 .0."I 33333 relimt af loddOOhai mloks 013t3'tl of 3 3,,, 3 3,,,:,,,..,,,,,,,.,,,,,. ,,, ,,,,,,,,,? ,,?, O 10 5 The new church will be 40 feet by 25 feeot, walls of (rubble stone) 12 feet high. The contractors are Mr. J. Denning and Mr. T. Day. 