SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIPB,17th August. The importer of the jewellery lately seized by the Custom?, has been allowed to retain it on payment of a fine of L700. Lampreys have been caught in the Torrens. Howell, late superinten dent^-of the Stockade, was last evening found guilty of a charge of unlawfully wounding. He received' a1 free pardon, although only sentenced to imprisonment until the rising of the court. Jl'jtffrc >Gwyhn'e complimented him ;.as a ' private citizen for 1 tiis: courage in puttingdown insub ordination. The suear cargo of the Elizabeth has been sold at a slight reduction. Wheat very firm at 4s 10J. TIIR .Moron's BAIX is to take place to-night in the Town Hall. A. large number of invites have beep issued. TUB UKNDIGO USJTED CRICKET CLCB hold a gene al meeting to-night, at the Niagara Hotel, to consider important business,:; Ftse 'ARTS EXHIBITION-There was a very good attendance last night on the occasion of the giving of a prownade concert by the Volunteer B:hd,. who perfot ,r ed several of their favorite a'"8 in a c ioice manner, giving great pleasure to the visitr . We notice that Mr Black, the proprietor of Giha's picture?, is 'getting iip an art union for the b:autilul paintifias he is ezhibit and tb_.t the subscribers' lists contain 1 'tily :i very fair i imber of nnnes. It is in-." d well worth risking a sovereign for the cii ce of obtaining one of these splendid paint ings. By. the bye what has become of the beautifully executed picture exhibited by Mr Lansell, (he subject being L°da and the Swan, i representation of singular felicity and refined and classic in. tone and execution f If any pqiteamish ness has caused the committee to put this really pretty picture into '<ie lumber mom, for patience sake why don't they take down that hideous daub in the corner supposed to represent Venus conssled by the Loves, but being as coarse'and repulsive a. painting- as ever it was our lot to look at, and no more fit lor. comparison.with "Leda and the Swan " than Hyperion to a Satyr. As the Italians say, oro e che oro vale. I'he attendance yesterday was 305. | Samjhurst MISIHG COMPANY (Registered). !',y advertisement in. another column it will be >een that the starting of the new machinery of ibis company will lake place to-morrow, and all ?shareholders tire invited to attend.'' ? ACCIDENTS -A little half-caste girl eleven years of age named Fanny was admitted into the hospital yesterday; suffering from a fracture the thiirh, which it appeared she had sustained, on last Friday by, falling i.off. a! heap of Ptoiiea at .Mr Greene's station. Mount Hope.- A miner named, .Barrett while work ing in the Extended Hustler's Company's mine yesterday, sustained serious injury by. an accident from the explosion of acharge of gun cotton through the friction caused by being rammed, it is said, into too small a hole. His face and various parts of his body were burned, and one of hia thumbs : nearly - blown off. Dr IT. Boyd was sent for and carefully dressed the injuries. Anothkr WIIITIS TOIJAZrr\Ve were jyesterday 'shown; a large crystalo'l yellowish tinge, which was stated to be a topaz, and which,,it, appears, war found''in- the Bendigo Valley some years since It is little less in sizo than "The Great Armidale Diamond," or, as the latest telegrams say, " jvliite ;topnz," and is probably as valuable. ; LTCEUM THEATRE.-Mr Talbot appeared last night,(or ;tbe-wc'ind time as .Hamlet/And', created a very favorable impression by his representation. It was played;, if anything, better than on the first occasion. In the advice to the players he was particularly good, and met with a very heartv meed of applause. MisB Kate Warde as Ophelia excelled herself, and it was almost im possible to find fault with tho mad scene, so perfectly was it given. Miss Warde seems to | have an intuitive sense of the requirements of such'a character, and they fnimd expression with ; the'utmost ease and ernce, and with thrilling effect. Mr Edwards as (he King was satisfactory, and Miss Ada Hart as the Qneen was decidedly good. Mr .Parker as lloraiio and Mr Heawood m Polonius both deserve criilit for their careful actina, the advice of Polonius to his son being particularly well delivered. Mr Stanley was impressive as the Ghost. The performance concluded with a fivorile farce. To ni^ht Mr Talbot appears as Shyloch, and Irorn the success which greeted his former.representation of the same character there will no doubt be an excellent attendance to witness it again. PoruiMR Rbadings -It h announced in our advertising oluinns that another of the series of " popular 11 ??.dings" is to take place to-night in the Rifles' Order y room. A good programme has, we understand, b":en provided .for the occasion. "HVrD 0 Dfiiovan is to occupy the chair. E'GI.hhawk POLIOS COUKT.- Peter Marc do app'- .r'd to .show cause why lie should not pay a suiti Di' L4 7s 4d, duo to S. Clothier; and he produced a document showing that lie had put his affairs in the Insolvent Court. The case was thereupon dismisse I. Messrs J. XV. Williams and R. H. Andrews presided on the bench. TUB WHATIIBH.-The-thermometer registered ns follows at Messrs Joseph and Go's, Pall Mall, yesterday:-Nine a.m. 45°; noon, 50°; three p,HI 59°; six p.m, 47°; maximum, Gl° Mini mum during tlie previous night, 41°. Barometer, 29 010. IMPORTATION OF BI.OOD STOCK:-Two very fine brood mire.«, of the Cleveland carriage breed, arrived in llobspn's Bay on Monday, by the Black wall liner Suffolk, from London. These horses have been imported by Mr llorwood, of Sandhurst. They are in very fine condition, :notwithstanding some, very .heavy weather encountered on the voyage. THKATnrcAr,.-Among the passengers by the ship .Suffolk, which arrived in Hohson's Bay on Monday, were Miss Rose Evens and Miss Florence Huntley, two ladies engaged for the Theatre Royal by Mr Hnrwood during his-recent visit to ICnijland. Mias Evans is saiil to be excellent both in lending business and in burlesque. Both ladies have been very favorably noticed by the London and provincial preis. Mrs Heir is also in Alel li'iiu'oii niiii short visit, re'iruhiiig for her theatre at Shortlands, Thames dugingi. It is likely that she will he induced to appear for a tew uighis at the.Koyal. s 