THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEB. 3, 1869. » IT is seldom that anything can be found in that very uninteresting and little known publication the Government Gazette on which to hang a remark, but the Gazette of yesterday is an exception to the rule of general dulness. Those who delight in figures, and are of an inquisitive turn of mind as to the financial condition of some of our public institutions and bodies, may find the debtor and creditor sides of the accounts of a good many of them, and grumblers at the management of local bodies may find the means of picking out a grievance. We shall leave these attractive returns to those more immediately concerned. But there are besides those some notices that require more public notice. We propose to confine ourselves for the present to a new code of Gaol regulations that has been published. We know not on whose advice those now regulations have been adopted, nor can we perceive any object, either as to the punishment or reformation of offenders, that is to be obtained by the capricious dietary scale that is to be substituted for that now in use. The whole of the regulations, as published, bear the in- excess of having been hurriedly and inconsiderately adopted, or display utter incompetency for such a duty on the part of the framer. There is a tantalising vagueness about them too. Whether these regulations are entirely to supersede those previously existing, whether they are to be supplemental to, or restrictive of the present rules and scales, or whether the old and now are to be dovetailed into each other at the discretion of the Gaol authorities, the Gazette notice of what His EXCEL.. LENCY the Administrator of the Govern tnent-in-Council has been pleased to resolve on, does not tell us; and it is probably because ashamed of its vagueness and its many defects that, though bearing a signature which we may presume to be that of the ATTORNEY - GENERAL, that Minister omits to give it the sanction of his official authority. What have been the previous, or are the existing regulations, affected or to be affected by the new ones, is a subject on which we have found some difficulty in obtaining information. Though very cautiously declined, and a reference to another department was made with much civility, we did not feel inclined to play a game of battledore and shuttle- cock with officials, where we could easily see there was so much to be done and so little to be learned, and therefore we must treat the new regulations on their own merits. The first of the new code provides that prisoners, whether with or without hard labour, " shall for the first month, be allowed for bedding, two single blankets, and one rug, without any palliasse." There is no distinction made here between summer and winter. The prisoner does not receive in this respect, the same consideration as outside its walls is accorded to a dog, which in winter has an extra bundle of straw thrown it. " Without any palliasse." Why this refinement in cruelty ? It cannot be the expense. as hay. straw, or some of the many cheap articles used, would cost almost nothing, and the prisoners could themselves be the manufacturers. It may be said a palliasse would make the gaol too favourite a shelter for worthless vagabonds. The same principle would warrant the depriving them of other bedding, or even of food. To compel men and women to sleep on hard boards is an excess of cruelty that no custom or argument can justify, and it presses un- equally. The vagrant who seeks a fair outside carefully looks out for as soft a one as he can get. Even to him sleeping on the bare boards must form a punishment, while to the unfortunate who, in a rash moment forgets himself and forfeits the comforts of a home, it must be agony. What is to be the sleeping accommodation of prisoners after the first month is not provided for by the regulations. He may have a palliasse added, or one or both of his blankets or his rug may be taken from him. Probably he is then to be left to the discretion of the turnkeys, or be provided for under the former rules. We next find that male prisoners are not to be allowed any ration of tobacco. This may seem also unequal in its operation, as those who do not smoke outside the prison walls will not miss the weed inside, but tobacco smoking is in any view we take of it a luxury, and probably no punishment will tell more on the great majority of those who fill our prisons than the deprivation of their tobacco. The regula- tion must, we believe, have a deterring effect. Why then it is limited to male prisoners is a question more easily asked than satisfactorily answered. To many of the female Juibituá of our gaols the want of their tobacco pipe would not be without its influence in making them shun the paternal care of the Stipendiary Magistrate. We do not understand the effect of the regulation which makes no allowance for time or task work in cases of men sentenced to imprisonment for less than a year. We presume there is some object in view, but the new regulations afford no information as to what effect such a rule has on prisoners sentenced to imprisonment for a period exceeding a year, and therefore there can be no contrast. If it is an encouragement to good behaviour or industry, the prison authorities might be left to deal with the " credit" whatever the term of imprisonment, either directly or by reporting to the magistrates. The remain- ing new regulation affects the dietary scale, and is objectionable from beginning to end. It seems to have been dictated on as principle. It goes from the extreme of starva- tion to something like improper pampering. Apart from this objection to which we shall revert, it is exposed to the charge of two egregious blunders. There is no destination made between male and female prisoners, or between those who are sentenced to imprisonment only, and those who have hard labour added. All have the same allowance except in so far as affected by their length of sentence. This is the key note of the scale, and a most extraordinary one it is. Prisoners are divided into six classes, 1st, under 7 days sentence. 2nd, between 7 and 21 days. 3rd, between 3 and 6 weeks. 4th, between 6 weeks and 4 months. 5th, between 4 and 12 months. 6th, one year and upwards,, and till expiration of sentence. Light offenders are to be sentenced not only to imprisonment but to starvation. If their peccadilloes do not exceed that for which the law awards seven days seclusion, they are to be fed on li lbs. bread and two pints of gruel daily. While if they commit crime in a hardened or wholesale way, and get a sentence of a year or upwards, they are to be allowed 3 lbs, of bread, 2 pints of gruel, 1 lb. of potatoes, and 6 ozs. of meat cooked and without bone or 12 ozs. uncooked and with bone daily. The total weekly quantity of solid food is given, as if to still more thoroughly show the absurdity of the scale. The seven days prisoner gets in all 140 ozs. of food, while the one year man gets 322 ozs. in the same time, without in either case counting the 4 ozs. of oatmeal, which is allowed for the 2 pints of gruel, oatmeal being apparently not considered solid food by " His Excellency the Administrator of the Government-in-Coun cil," while flour is. 20 ozs. of bread daily is not sufficient to maintain life, and such an allowance can only be explained on the assump- tion that the framers of the scale object to the trouble of having the prison doors opened and shut for short periods. If prisoners wish to be well treated they must go in for heavy crimes. The three weeks prisoners get 4 ozs. of bread daily more than the less guilty seven days offenders, while, if they commit an offence for which they are sentenced to one day more than the three weeks, there is for some mysterious reason lib. bread taken from them, but this is certainly fully compensated by the addition of 9 ozs. of potatoes, and 4 ozs. cooked meat without bone. The next scale in the rise of crime has lb. of bread added daily, and 1 oz. of potatoes taken off. We should like to know on what principle these differences are made, if not for the sake of change. But as we proceed we are enlightened. The framers of the scale have been nice calculators The four months prisoner gets 1 Ribs, of bread daily. The lucky fellow who exceeds that period, finds his bread fixed at 1 6-lGlbs. Why the half-pound or quarter pound is thrown aside he may not know. but his practical experience in vulgar fractions is rewarded by the 8ozs. of potatoes being converted into lib., and his 4 ozs. of bread into G oís. The twelvemonth prisoner is not troubled with the necessity for so nice an observation when his bread is being weighed out to him, There are no sixteenth parts of a pound in his mess. He gets lilb.,with gruel, potatoes, and meat as before, as medical gentlemen express themselves, when desirous of saving repetition in their prescriptions. The moral is that criminals who wish to be tolerably comfortable should eschew light offences. There is little to be got either by very long ones, the happy medium is between 4 and 12 months. That is the class of customers whom " His EXCELLENCY the Administrator of the Government-in-Coun cil," seems most to desiderata for the Campbell-street establishment, and its respective branches. TOE result of the recent elections in the Mother Country must have been highly gratifying to every admirer of really Constitutional Government, whatever may be his feeling of disappointment as a partizan. We say nothing of the overwhelming majority that will rank itself on the same side of the House with Mr. GLADSTONE, but we may safely assert that in no other Country in the world could such a change have taken place in the constitution of the electoral body with so little violence or excitement, or so little change in the governing body. It is true the elections, though generally peaceable, were in some few instances dis- graced by violence, and we regret to add loss of life, but this was not attributable to the extended nature of the suffrage, but to local causes and in all probability would have happened had the elections taken place under the Reform Act of 1882. However disgraceful such rioting may have been to the places in which it occurred, and to the local cries or party tactics from which it sprang the Reform Act of 1868 was in no way responsible for it. What has been not inaptly called the " Little Revolution" has proved how sound and loyal is the British heart in whatever station of society it may beat, and has set at rest those fears that shrank from the danger of committing great political power to the lower classes. The " great unwashed" accepted their responsibilities without any extravagant expressions of triumph. They discharged them in a manner that has shed a new lustre on the British name. There were no frantic attempts to retaliate their long exclusion from power on those who had hitherto monopolised it no setting up class against class, no absurd demigods, with no higher qualification than that they belonged to the working class. On the contrary, the newly enfranchised classes, with praiseworthy self-denial, not only failed to obtrude on constituencies whose known liberalism might have been deemed sufficient to warrant it, any candidate simply because he belonged to themselves, but they either accepted or looked out for representatives of known experience and tried ability. Many timorous persons, prior to the elections, affected to believe that the son of the United Kingdom had set. They predicted that except in the case of those who were known for their extreme views, none of the former members, and no road of fame, would find a place in the new Parliament. The most gloomy forebodings were indulged in, and the House of Commons was to become a disgrace to the Country. Only brawlingdemagogues,illiteratestump orators, and frothy declaimers for the rights of the people, and against a bloated aristocracy, were to be found within St. Stephen's. The worst scenes of American rowdyism were to be excelled. The throne was not to be safe, and property not worth a five years' purchase. The elections have passed and what is the result The men who were to be guided in the exercise of their franchise by forcing into Parliament men of their own number, have been wonderfully forbearing, we might almost say too much so, for there are among the working men of England many with qualifications eminently fitting them for taking part in the deliberations of parliament, and turning these to the practical benefit of the Country, and we should not have objected to seeing a fair sprinkling of such men in the British House of Commons. But it is a remarkable fact that not one of the class has been converted into a legislator, and what is more, we can scarcely say that one of them figures as a rejected candidate. The working men seem to have felt that however useful the foremost men among them may be in their respective localities, and in giving a tone to public opinion, as well as in keeping the parliamentary man up to his duty, they would be out of their place in Parliament ; consequently no working man, truly deserving the name in its fair honest signification, sought the suffrages of any constituency, neither did this portion of any constituency seek to induce any of their class to represent them. The working classes, probably more than any other class, sank themselves and their peculiar claims in the electoral body of the Kingdom. They sought not the advancement of their class, but of the common good, and when they went to the poll it was with no exaggerated notions of their rights and privileges as working men, but under the full sense of their responsibilities as electors. The consequence is that though the glaring inconsistencies of a church establishment in Ireland have led to the return of such a number of members pledged to its abolition as may tend to the other extreme, and do that injustice to the minority which has long been done to the majority in that Country, the constitution of the new Parliament is otherwise more conservative in its tendencies, though elected by something approaching to universal suffrage, than the Parliaments that preceded this revolution in the constituency. The status of the House is apparently higher than that of its predecessors. The enlarged character of the electoral body has not only failed in bringing about those evils which were anticipated from it, but the Reform Bill of 1868 has accomplished what that of 1832 had failed to do. The House has not been lowered in character, but it has been purified of much that formerly lent an offensive complexion to its debates. The new con- stituencies, brimful as they were conceived to be revolutionary ideas, have already purged the House of the men famed for the extreme liberalism of their views. The new constituencies sought not theoretical, but practical men, and dreading the mis- chief that tinkering politicians might do, they relievedallauchfrom further attendance and watchfulness over the British Constitu- tion. They also ostracised all whose but- sooner or vituperation had detracted from the dignity of Parliament. ROEBUCK, as an instance, had, no doubt, been long the faithful servant of the working man, and was identified with them, but of late years he was more famed for his snarling and abuse of all from whom he differed, giving utterance to his opinions in language not the most gentlemanly. He had come to be recognised as the " terrier " of the House, and his services were dispensed with. Bernal OSBORNE had attained position as a fluent speaker, and was possessed of administrative capacities, but he had aged being the Wit of the House at the expense of of its dignity, and he has been left outside. The talented Stuart MILL has been rejected for reasons that niUBt please every cautious Constitu- tionalist. Others might be named. But enough has been said to show that Britons may be trusted with extensive political power without abusing it. They are more dangerous in struggling for what they deem their rights, than in the exercise of them when obtained. VACCINATION The appearance of the small- I pox in Melbourne, has excited considerable [ alarm throughout the Australian colonies, and I everywhere precautions are being taken to prevent its spread by general vaccination. The Board of Management of the General Hospital in this city, urge upon the attention of all who have not undergone vaccination, the necessity of at once doing so, and parents are especially invited to submit their children to the process. At the hospital, Dr. Stokell will vaccinate on each Friday, at 3 p.m., having now obtained a supply of lymph. Private practitioners also caution the public, and we perceive that Dr. Smart announces that he will vaccinate at MR consulting rooms, Murray-street, on Mondays and Thursdays, at 10 o'clock. It is of the highest importance that parents should have their children vaccinated, and we are glad to learn that a large number have already under- gone the operation. We trust that they will be returned to the Surgeons at the proper periods, in order that an ample supply of virus may be obtained from healthy arms. We feel assured that the good sense of the public will recognise the propriety of regarding the caution now given to them, and that the only known means of averting the spread of the "dread scourge" will be readily availed of.' SALE OF USEFUL AND FANCY ARTICLES. | The sale of useful and fancy articles in aid of the organ fund, Brisbane-street Chapel, commenced yesterday at the Alliance Rooms, Macquarie-street, at noon, when a formal opening took place by Mr. G. Salier, one of the members for the city in the House of Assembly. The different tables were adorned with a choice collection of goods, apparently of a more costly description than those at the sale for the same object in June last. There were articles of children's wearing apparel, some of them of the newest fashions, and made up in first rate style. A novel feature was a collection of ducks,rabbits,and guinea pigs, favorite objects with the juveniles. A pair of bird cages stylishly japanned, adorned one stall ; another stall was well supplied with dolls, balls, and other toys of approved descriptions. Some haudsoine)baunorets, on the stall presided over by Mrs. Robinson, worked in silk, curiously ornamented, and placed in veil finished up- rights, attracted much notice. Toilet mats, footstools, garden caps, glassware, and crochet work were among the other admired etceteras, j On a centre table were glass cases furnished with j specimens of ferns. A refreshment stall on the platform was conducted by Mrs. Woolley. The remaining stalls were presided over by Mesdames Robinson, P. Facy, Napier, Misses Ash, Farmilo, and Jackson. Some business was done in the afternoon, but in the evening there was a large attendance, and a good trade was effected. The sale will be resumed to-day. WELCOME TO THE REV. J. LONG.- Last evening a tea and public meeting was held at the Primitive Methodist Church, Collins-street, to welcome the Rev. J. Long, who has recently arrived in the circuit from Launceston, in succession to the Rev. Joshua Smith, the valedictory service to whom recently took place. After tea, prayer was offered by the Rev. B, McClc.au, when, on the motion of Mr. Long, Capt. W, Fisher was called upon to occupy the chair. Apologies for unavoidable non-attendance were road from the Revs. B. Miller, J. W. Simmons, and W. C. Robinson. The Chairman stated that the object of the meeting was to welcome Mr. Long, and wish him God speed in his work. He urged the members of the Church to stand by their minister and sustain him by their prayers, sympathy, and pecuniary help. He then called upon Mr. G. Hiddlestone, an officer of the Church, who said it afforded him pleasure to meet with Mr. Long, and he assured him he would find members there who would pray for and with him. There was plenty of work for Mr. Long, and he trusted he would find faithful, earnest, and true friends, and that he would be made a blessing to them all. (Applause) The Rev. Mr. Long expressed his acknowledgments, and spoke of some necessary expenses that would have to be provided for, and towards which it had been arranged that a special effort should be made. He would commence the movement himself by putting his own name down for £1. At a subsequent period of the evening, the list was taken round to the friends, and received some important additions. Messrs. Davidson, Allen, McCormack, and others addressed the meeting. At intervals some vocal and instrumental music was given by the choir. A TASMANIAN SCULLER IN SYDNEY At the Regatta held at Sydney on the 26th ult., to commemorate the 21st anniversary of the colony of New South Wales, the second race for scullers was won by Mr. P. O'Sullivan, a Tasmanian youth, who at one time figured creditably in our own regattas, having beaten Lynch, the champion of the Derwent, in 1865. The following are the particulars of the race. "For all gentlemen amateurs, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs, to be handicapped. Course: From Dawes' Point round Fort Denison and ship Vernon and back to the flagship. Prize, value £10. Entrance, £1 1s. Stella, 12lbs, P. O'Sullivan 1 The Barb, lOlbsf J. Harrison 2 ; Elvira, 20lbs, T. E. Willis ; Star, 4lbs, D. Garvan The Ghost, feather, J. Myers ; Adelphi did not start in this race. Garvan was the favourite. The start wusoffectedonevon terms. On rounding Fort Denison O'Sullivan was load- ing strongly by about six lengths, Harrison second, six lengths before Willis ; Myers and Garvan a long way behind. O'Sullivan won easily by about fifty yards, the same distance between Harrison and Willis, the other two were distanced. HOBART TOWN GAS COMPANY The half yearly meeting of the Hobart Town Gas Company is to be held this afternoon at 3 o'clock, to receive the report of the directors, to declare a dividend, to elect directors in the place of those retiring by effluxion of time, as provided by the 26th clause of the deed of settlement, and also one in the place of the late W, Rout, Esq., deceased. STEAM PLEASURE EXCURSION. The favourite steamer Monarch, is announced to make a pleasure excursion to Bridgewater this afternoon, leaving the Franklin Wharf at 2 o'clock, and Bridgewater, on return at Dem. A brass band is to accompany the steamer. MELTON MOWBRAY AGRICULTURAL ASSOCI- ATION The first general annual meeting of members of this Association, is to be held at Melton Mowbray to-day, when matters of importance will be submitted. LETTER postodyesterday insufficiently stamped : Mr. E. H. Ivey, Upper Huon. A HORRIBLE murder and suicide occurred at Spring Creek some time between Thursday night and yesterday morning. The few particulars which are to hand were brought down by a passenger by last night's coach, and are as follows A woman named Thompson, understood to be married personlivingapart from her husband, arrived at Spring Creek some days ago from Bullock Creek, in the Bendigo district, and established herself in a shanty. On Thursday evening, a miner from Bullock Creek, with whom the woman is supposed to have been living when there, reached Spring Creek in search of her, and succeeded in finding her house. A quarrel ensued, which lasted into the night, one chief cause of it appearing to be the alleged burning down of a hut at Bullock Creek by one of the disputants. About two or three o'clock in the morning screams were heard to issue from the shanty, and the man was soon to run out of it, but Doing observed by some persons passing by, he returned, and went inside. Suspicion having been aroused, the shanty was visited after a time, when a truly ghastly spectacle presented itself to the visitors. On one side of the shanty the woman Thompson lay with her throat out, almost to the extent of severing her head from her body, and on the other side lay the man with his throat cut also. Both wore dead, and the miserable hovel was drenched with blood. Between five and six in the morning, the news having spread along the creek, there was considerable commotion among the inhabitants, and many persons were assembled at the scene of the tragedy when the daily coach started for town. Further particulars, and some account of the antecedents of the unhappy couple, will no doubt be elicited at the inquest upon their remains. Melbourne Argus. 