JirfcinflS from IHdbattmcgttnrit. BTCTDIE3 FBOH THE DONKET8TUD. ivnat sort of sermon is a donkey's bray?—A neddy-fying discourse. W hy is adookey supposed to be astupid animal?—Because he's an ass. What ears does a donkey carry- on his back?—His pan niers. Why is a baby life a donkey's gallop?— Because it is short and sweet A Felon's Comfort.—No noose is good news. The only fast Thing that Pats.—The ran of luck. " Well, Tm dripping,'" as the kitchen stuff said to the cook. The Ayrshire Lads.—At the dinner , to Sir James Fergufeon everything is to be in character with his native county. The game will be shot with ayr-guns, there will be ayr-soup; and even the i room will be ayr-y. Several Scottish ayrs will be sung; and every native .of the county enquires of fellow-countryman, "Ayryougoingf' PIGS BEE THE WIND. The reason why the wind is visible to the porcine race is, that it is often sow-west, and if northerly of course bo(a)r-eas. There is also an air known as " Little pigs make the best of pork." Old Tunes.—A tea air—Nep-tune. A trade-air -Import-tune. A rich air —For-tune. A Milk asd-Watee Affair.—The stock-in trade of a dairyman. A Light Occupation—That of a lamp lighter. Motto fob a Hawker.—Packs vobiscunu A Nine Hays* Wonder.—A Kitten. MUSICAL QUERIES. What kind of bone is the trombone? Can you run up the gamut with slippers on? Hoes the compass of a lady's voice always point to the north? Did you ever hear a cod's sound, and is King George's a sweet one? What is musical pitch, and does it stick to the fingers? Is a good musician a man of note? l)id the harmonious blacksmith know all about bars? What are crotchets, and are musicians crotchetty people? How many sheets of music are there in a choir? Who was diapa son's mother, and was he a d(Tapper young man? Have the laws of punctuation any influence over the stops of an organ? A re the k-rns of a dilemma musical instruments? What in music would the reader now like?—A rest. SURGICAL. To find the heart of Melbourne—open the cor porate body. To find a naval patella—examine the knees of a ship. Saved by a cuticle—the man that escapes by the skin of his teeth. The educational eye—the pupil of a common school. How to remove a rib—go to the Divorce Court. : QUEER THINGS. The sittings of a standing Committee. The filings of affidavits. The scrapings of the feet. The shavings of comets. The crumbs of comfort. The particles of truth. The findings of Juries. The grounds of complaint. The bones of conten tion. The skin of the teeth. The nails of the fingers of scorn. The sleeves of the arm of the law. AN Unmixed Evil.—Neat gin. QUERIES. Who is the husband of the mother-of-pearl? When a son says, "Go father and fare worse," does the old man obey? When can a stone-step daughter be seen? Can a contractor expand? Are " whittles and drinic" Yankee refreshments? A Paradox.—A man without legs having his sneeze (knees). A Gay Sportsman. —The fortune-hunter. USEFUL INFORMATION. Gun-Cotton is worked with the needle-gun, and is often the cause of a stitch in the side. It first hems in, and then fells the enemy. The needle gun may therefore be classified as a sewing machine of war. It causes a good many to be "sewed up." Carbolic Acid is used in confectionery. It imparts a flavour to pies and tarts, and its use is recommended by the Chief Medical Officer. Which is the best Horse for a Butcheb.— The horse that carries away the steaks. SAGE REFLECTIONS. BY AN OLD FOOL. How apt we are to criticise the dress of our friends when our own vest sits execrably. Who is it that does not imagine his own works mo e clever than other folks? It is a daily running-down case in the thoroughfare of life. "Dear me, how old you are looking," is ofien remarked to me by men with the grisliest of whiskers. As there is a silver fining to every cloud, so there is the dread selvedge of grey in every beard of over 40 years' growth, disguise it as we may. Tbe ticklish part of a man is in ther region of the ribs; the locality of the pocket is not far off, and therefore it should never be touched. The caller on a Monday is an unwelcome guest, for who likes to avow that he has only cold mutton in his larder? Every man likes yon to think that he is pros perous and wealthy; but try to borrow a sovereign, and how delightfully candid heisabout his poverty, and the claims peonle have upon him. The Ladies' Pick.—A picnic. If one man is as good as another, is a racing man a better? A Buoyant Individual.—The Cove of Cork. legal. Endeavouring to steal a beli-topper is a hat rccious hat-tempt. Trying to crib a Glengary bonnet is a cap ital crime. Ordering a waistcoat is a vest-ing order, a." OLOGIES. ine nicest ojogyis tne gemal-ology. The moBt maritime is the docks-ology. The nearest allied to a comic-song is zoo-logy. The most pugnacious is at-'em- moll-egy. The school for riddles is con coliege-y. The science for deaf men is hark'ye ology. The science for smell is nose-ology. FASHIONS FOB SNOBS. Kat3.—Dufl'-boilers with wide curling rims, and red and black broad silk band. This hat is quite the cheese, and makes the wearer look like some of the younger officers of the t lalatea. Bell-toppers polished up to agonizing brilliancy, and worn slightly on one side. The wearers may imagine themselves to be bloated young aristocrats. White hat?, Prince's patterns; these can now be pro cured cheap, as the importers haves large stock on hand. Coats.—A variety of patterns for choice. Those best adapted for snobs should be sportsman-like, and the shorter the better. Bed flower of course in the Imtton-hole, and a fragment of handkerchief just showing out of breast-pocket. Vest.—tlcrsey, with scarf adorned with cheap Brummagem horseshoe pin, cheap watch-guard with sixpenny brass trinket attached, or spurious spade guinea. TiiOUSEUS— or as snobs style them—pants, fitting tightly to the legs, the iatter if bandy or bowed, as thereby shown oft'to great advantage. Gloves.—None. The Prince did not wearihem —why should they? Boots.—Slop and square-toed, made as clumsy looking as possible. Cans. — Short, with knob convenient for sucking. Besobt3.—Brighton on Sundays on hired hacks, or if credit is good, or cash not particularly scarce, in a buggy. Evenings. Bourke-street. to meet milliners' girls returning from work, with visits afterwards to contiguous public house bars. Varie ties, or some other concert-hall, at midnight. Second-rate billiard saioons are sometimes pre ferred, and occasionally some out-of-the- way gambling den. SHUT HP. Hundreds of pounds are being paid for placarding dead walls (who ever heard of a live one?}, cau tioning folks not to shop after six o'clock; and yet walk through any crowded thoroughfare at nigh", and behold the brilliantly-lighted shop window, tilled with g tu.ly merchandise alluringly ticketed at the most moderate of prices. What an anomaly to tempt one to purchase, and yet at the same time to caution against it. The success of the eariy-closiag movement depends upon the tradesman, not the cus omer. The best early closing movement is to put up the slmuers at 6 o'clock. GSTit SATISFACTION. Some old curmudgeon sends ns the following list of things that he would prefer above every thing else in the world :— 1\. To attend the funeral of an undertaker. 2\. To vi3it a sick doctor. 3\. To see his enemy suffering from the locth-ache. 4\. And the name of his rival in love amongst the list of bankrupts. d. To see a miser's pocket picked. 6\. To witness the smothering of the baby that cries at the theatre; and— 7\. The choking of the youth with a cracked voice, who shouts apples, oranges, &c;, at the same place. COLLOQUIAL. We hear of a bad cold; did anybody ever have a good one? People are sometimes fully committed for trial; was ever a prisoner only partially committed? We are often told that something is rotten in the state of Denmark; can any one give any further details? Where does the Beturning Officer goto? Bow is it that tl:e man that says least in the House is called the Speaker? What is the colour and design of the seal of con fession? CONS. Where does a soldier keep his chronometer?-In his watcii-bcx. What is the best topcoat for a ghost?-A spirit (w)iapper. - . What should frighten the ladies from going to drapers? -"Alarming"' sacrifices. What would a bird do when deprived of his beak ? - Call for bis bill. When is a servant the sweetest?—When she "finds" herself in 6ugar. When is a man most likely to be done?—When he is only "half-baked." What is never left till called for?—The right arm. What are "fancy" goods?-Often things that people don't fancy. THOUGHTS IN A BALT.E001L The mendicant at an evening party is the man who asks f rr trifle. The belle of ihe rocm is generally surrounded with would-be ringers. The dowagers that don't dance look whist-fully at the card-tables. He is a matter-of-fact fellow who, while helping the ladies to chicken, oinits to make a joke about the merry-thought. QUERIES. Who is the wife of Father Time, the daughter of Mother Chuich. the parent of the rising son, and the husband oi the housewife. What men are invariably oa the move?-Chess men. NATCBAL HISTCR7. The cat is the most useful animal in the winter, as, direcriy she tecs a mouse, she makes a "spring." The dog is va'uable, his "bail" being a pre servative. The cow {rives us the juicy steak and jher mQkis aii jidtlgr aourcg ofbeaefo lotte jhtlBWft Wft.1 • . . The horse isirivaluaWe to men. Hedoesnot yi^Id as milk, although a beast of draught The deer is hunted forpaatiroe. ricotland is very deer to the Scotch; hence the oft-quoted remark, My hart'sin the Highlands," ■ i Fishnavenot feet This is strange. «s we have, only to go to the fishmonger-to behold the sole^ the <h)eel, and the skate. . ; Bulls are not always good eating. Sib one out cook the Pope's bull, nor eat an Irish one. The rollicking-ram is not often seen oa a sheep run, although a fast anunaL VARIOUS. Curious LiMBs.^-The ann of the sea, a foot of land, the finger of scorn, a hand of pork, the elbow . of a gas-pipe, the knees of a strip, and the forearm ■ which is connected with being fore-warned. The man that devours the magazines uses a paper-knife. " ar TJsPisisesrCosvicnos.—Found guilty of felony. A Tough Liquid.—A stiff glass of grog. Trees rot often to be use wrm.-^Those beating the apple of discord, dead nuts, happy pairs, the fruits of industry, millionaire's plums, chronological dates, figs of tobacco, oceaneurxents, and statesmen's {sjpeaches. Also the boot, axle; and saddle trees. Thr Investor of Wax-obx.—1The bee. The First Thrashing-Machine.—The school master of old. Not Bad for George.—At the meeting of the Old Colonists Self-GlontLcation Society, Mr. George Coppin is reported to have said that they (the old colonists) should adverti se themselves more. This is certainly fnend George's latest move,- and most likely will turn out more successful than his Bill stickers Company. The former is a diamond, but the latter only paste. A Question Solved.—It has been stated that the Coming Alan -will arrive upon a velocipede. Ab there are numerous accidents with these machines, the Coming Man may perhaps come to grief. Wanted.—The glass used iu framing the Esti mates, the hand that grasps the salient points, the umbrella used in a shower of applause, and a tureenfull of the sauce that is as good for the gander as the goose.. The Ruling Passion.—A musical friend of o-irs eats bis meals with a tuning- fork. A draper that we deal with always eats ging hams, and builds with cam- brics. There is a man at Spring Creek that digs with a shovel hat. Our dairyman butters his bread upon both sides, and a melan choly acquaintance has been drowned in tears. Very like a Whale.—A staunch teetotaller in England is agitating for the destruction of bottle-nose whales, and in order to convert the fish from their drinking propensities, has engaged the services of a whale that spouts. The Hat for an Irritable Mar.—The pepper-castor. Inquisitive Timber.—A board of enquiry. The Mar fob TdE Fight.—An arm-y chaplain. Household Words.—" What's for dinner." The Poor Man's Muffin.—The ragamuffin. No Meat Companion.—The vaga- bone. 1 A Reflection.—The man who does not believe in colonial wine declares that in good old port there is meat and drink. First swallow the wine, and then eat the crust. Queries.—What sort of a revel is a revelation! —Is satis-faction a nice "party?"—Does depart ment mean going? or depart-mental loss of reason?—Is a congregation -of donkeys an as sembly?—And must a gun be taken into a Police Court when a prosecutor wishes to- withdraw a charce? Quite Right.—A friend who owns a valuable horse objects to turning him into a paddock for fear be should graze bis knees. A Load of G{p)h,t. —The mace of the Sergeant-at-Arms. What is next to Eating Turkey.—Drinking Sublime Porte. What a Barber mustn't do.—Lather his wife. [ Cheap Quietude.—A threepenny peace. A Large Kingdom.—Out two gold fish—they have a globe all to themselves. A Negative Movement.—Shaking the head. 