AQUATICS Anniversary Day and the Regatta. Anniversary Day is always the great holiday of the citizens of Sydney, and this Anniversary Day was no exception to the rule. - From an early hour in the morning, crowds of people were to be seen hastening in every direction where they fancied the most pleasure was to be obtained. With so many attractions offered for the approval of our Sydney folks, it must have been a very hard matter for them to make their choice. The entrepreneurs of our various places of amusement could not reasonably complain of not being well supported by the public, and we believe that every place of amuse- ment "down the harbor" was over-crowded with spectators. It is a matter of great surprise to us that people will persist in patronising these harbour excursions when the steamers are so badly managed. On Tuesday, hundreds of people had to wait in the broiling sun at the Circular Quay and Woolloomooloo Boy, until twelve o'clock, beforoethey could be conveyed to their various destinations. To make the matter still worse, they had to wait just as long before they could be brought back to Sydney, and we believe that a great many of the excursionists did not reach their homes until long after midnight. The steamers were also over-crowded in a very reckless manner, and we suppose that the Govern- ment will not step in and interfere, until some dreadful accident occurs through this cause, and a fearful loss of life takes place. Some of the boats were so over- crowded, that a great many people preferred waiting for the very last boat, fearing that the over-loaded vessels would founder with their living freight. This is a state of things that loudly calls for a remedy, and we hope before the next holiday that some means will be devised to meet this crying and increasing evil. We believe that the number of free fights and other disturbances which occurred at some of the places down the harbour was truly scandalous, and we strongly recommend the Inspector-General of Police to send a detachment of police to each of tho excursions, in order that some of our rowdy native youths may be taught how to behave themselves. If a stranger could have been suddenly dropped into our midst on Tuesday last, he would inevitably think that the people of Sydney were the most prosperous under the sun. It is indeed a puzzler for us to tell where all the money comes from that is spent on a holiday, but it must come from somewhere, and it would almost lead one to suppose that the times are not so bad as people make them out to be. The two premier attractions on Tuesday were the Anniversary Regatta, the great aquatic carnival of the year, and the Athletic Sports on the Albert Ground, on account of which latter will be found in another place. We are glad to bo able to say that this year's Regatta was on the whole a very successful affair, although from the .small amount of added money to the various prizes, it wes at one time thought that the Regatta would have been a miserable failure ; but the very fair entries that were made, doubtless induced a larger attendance of people than there otherwise would have been. On board tho Sobraon, which had been placed at tho disposal of the Committee, as flagship, by Captain Etmslie, some throo hundred of the elite of Sydnoy were assembled, and tho various points on the neighbouring shores, from whonco a good view of tho sport could be obtainod, wore crowded with some thousands of people. Tlioro was a pleasant breeze blowing from tho north-east, hardly strong enough for the sailing matches, but it wns extremely hot, which necessilatcd an extra demand for fluids of all kinds, a circumstance which wo dare say was not much regretted by Mr Underbill, tho chief steward of the flagship. Wo never remember seeing the beautiful harbour of Port Jackson appear to so much advantage as it did on Tuesday, the thousands of well drosscd spectators assembled on tho points and tho I extraordinary number of steamers, yachts, and pleasure boats also loaded with people, in search of that fleeting phantom-plousure, presented a picture that once seen cnn ne er ba forgotten. The ep'o idid band of tho COI h was on board tho flagship, and played soiro choico moreaux of musio ; but from some causo or other, the derotocs of tho terpsichorean art preferred promenading, to tripping tho light fantastic, and in that particular tho proceedings wero flat and spiritless in tho oxtromo. At 12 o'cloo'i a I royal salute was fired from Dawes Battery and in a short timo afterwards, His Excellency tho Governor and suito came on board tho Sobraon, from whence a another salute was fired, tho band playing the National Anthem. At 1 o'clock tue committee mid other ofllcials took luncheon together in tho saloon, his Excellency Lord Belmore being a guest. Tho chair was taken by S. C. Burt, Esq., treasurer to tho Regatta Committee, tho vice chair by Richard Driver, jun., Esq., M.P., starter. His Excellency sal. at tho right hand of tho ohairmau, the Hon. Mr Samuel, Colonial Treasurer, on his left ; next to tho Governor, Captain Elmslie of tho Sobraon, and tho Hon. D. Egnn, Postraastor-General. Tho luncheon was serven in tho best style, and the viands and wines ware of the choicest description. After disoussing the delicacies on the tablo, tho various toasts suitable ta the occasion, was gireu and responded to ; but as uitr space will not allow us to give a full account of the proceed- ings at tho luncheon, to which wo were courteously invited by the committee we cannot mako any further remarks upon it. Tho rnciug was not of a very high-class character, and the pulling matches did not bring forth any now aspirants for fame, barring the somewhat surprising victories of Dunnelt. Tho First-class Yacht Raco wa* an exciting affair, but unfortunately tho yachts did not return before 9 o'clock, and tho raco will liavo lo bo run over again at some futuro date. Wn regret much that it was not fii ¡shed in timo, as the result of tho race would have triumphantly borne out tho opinion of our aquatic correspondent, " Tom Bowline" who has per- sistently adhered to his opinion that tho Mistral is ibo best boat. By tho bye, wo moy remark . that the Coinmitteo mada a sad mistake in not starting the Yacht Buces an hour sooner than they did, and wo hops that at tho next Regatta tlioy will be started a littlo earlior in tho day, so that tho races may bo finished in good time. The* Second-class Yacht Race has once more demon- strated tho superiority of the Nereid, and it will be n long time before wo shall see a second-class yacht ablo to lower her colors ; tho raco of Tuesday was n complete gift to her, and we think tho handicappers will experience some difficulty in handicapping, her so as to givo the other " second-clussers ' a chanco. In the third-olusi yacht raco, tho Australian was beaten by tho Josephino, but tho " boxer" would bavo been much oloser had she been persevered with. Touohing the pulling matches wc can say very littlo, as they call for no particular comment, and indeed, if anything, we think that rowing hae degenerated within tho last year or two, instead ol improved. The victories of Duimett must have been a-, much a surpriso to himself as it was to tho aquatic world, and we aro inolined to think that noither Hickey oe Green wero beaten on thoir merits. However, wo wore glad to see so deserving and honest a puller as "Jack Dunnett" have a turn, and wu Ilona ho will be ac fortunate on futuro occasions. Of thé young aud rising i pullers wo hove a great liking for Trickett, and in tho oourse of time we believe ho will be one of our leading oarsmen. When wo mention that Mr Fi ' W.; Hill and Mr S. O. Burt acted as umpires and Mr 'Driver as Blurter, and that the Committee spared,no pains to ensure the comfort and convenience of tho visitors on board the flagship, we have "said our - say." The following is a more datoilod account of tho sport : First Race.--For all youths under sixteen .yenrs of age, pulling a pair of sculls in dingies not pxpeoding twelve toot on the keel. Course; From flagship round Fort Denison and back to flagship. First prlzo, £5 ; seoond, £2. Entrance, 7s Gd. '' Balmain-James Hughes ... 1 I'll Try-James Hayes. 2 Novice-Charles Lyons / . Spy-Boberl Brown / Hughes, Hayos, and Lyons kept very aloso together for tho first hundred yards, but HúgheX'soon went to the front and took a lead which ho kepi, to tho finish, winning his race very easily by nearly^ae'hundred yards. Hayes was second, beating EyonV'Wjry^com fortably, and Brown last, outpaced from the start. 7 '" Second Race.-For all gentlemen amateurs, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs, to be handicapped. Course : From Dawes' Point round Fort Denison and ship Vernon and baot to the flagship. Prize, value £10. Entrance, £1 ls. Stella, 16 lbs-P. O'Sullivau.,. 1 The Barb, lOIbs-J. Harrison.;..'.. ii Elvira, SSlbs-T. E. Willis ?. Star, 40 lbs-D. Garran ": Tho Ghost, loather-J. Myers Willis wu s the first to show in advance, Sullivan, Garran and Harrison being tho next. Littlo alteration occurred in tho position of the mon until reaching Foit Denison, when Sullivan, had taken tho lead, Harrison being the noxtj second. The favorite, Garran, gave up before rounding the Battery. 'When thoy oomo into sight, O'Sullivan was seen to have a strong lead, Harrison second and Willis third. These positions were never altered to the finish, O'Sullivan winning very costly, although Harrison would have beon much otosor, had ho not ran against a wator tank opposite Dawes Battery, Willis was beaten by about.'fifty yards for sojond place. Third Race.-For all bona fide pulling dingies without fins, not exceeding fifteen feet overall, under canvas. Course: From thoir own moorings, in: lavender Bay round Goat Island, then round Garden Island, thon ' round'flagship arid Fort Denison,'and back to flagship. .. First prue. £7 i.s*eoond, £2, Entrance, 10a 6d, -_-i;. Tim Whiffler-G. Holme*." The Duke-A. Whitton V. . Flying Scud-E. Williams ..................... Alice-G. Holmes "* The Barb-W. J, M Nell A middling start was effected, "the Scud" going with the lead. The Duke being second, Tim Whiffler third, Barb and Alice last. " The Scud " kept her lead for some time, but waa eventually passed by Tim Whiffler and they passed the Flagship in the following order Tim Whiffler first, Flying Scud second, The Duke third and The Barb and Alice out of sight, neither of them having the slightest chance from the start. " Tim from this out was never caught, and eventually won I three or four lengths. Some excitement was created | the struggle for second place between the Flying 3. and The Duke, and they finished a dead heat for second money. Fourth Race.-For all bona fide sailing skiffs, with eil fins or fixed centreboards, not exceeding twentj-t feet overall. Course-From their own mooring! Lavender Bay round Fort Denison,' thon round a ship and Shark Island, and back to flagship, ; ft prize, £10 1 aecond, £3. Eutrance, £1 ls. Curlew-O. s. Evans.".. Suelo-M. Dunn._*"? Kallo-H. Woolnough *! Desdemona-connor and Donnelly Friendship-A F. Venables Connor and Donnelly's now boat, Desdemona 1 the first away, holding a good lead, tho rest of tbs in being all of a cluster. The Desdemonia led in Anni round Finohgut and book to the flagship by followed (j lew and Susie. Shortly after rounding the flagabtpi Desdemona had to luff up to avoid a collision wi^ steamer which crossed her bows, and tho Curlew t Susie passed her. Those positions wero never varied tho finish, the Curlew winning very easil» ¡ dusie being second and Katie third. ' Fifth Race.-For all yachts. Course-From their g moorings in Farm Cove, round flagship, then ron light vessel, and Sow and Pigs, back round FliM then round' boat moored off Long Hoc", and bid flagship. Prize, £50. Entrance, £3 3s. Mistral 35 tons-H. C. Dangar Xarlfa, 31 tons-0. Parbury In accordance with her usual custom, the Xarifji tho first away upon the firing of the gun, and alie 1 nearly a length ahead of the Mistral passing Fort ll querio. Tho Mistral, who took the windward po<¡¡¡ soon began to overhaul her, and they were letti p iog the flagship; rounding which, the "newjid f.irged ahead. They now stood over to the North Sb Fi ry, and then went about on the port tack. Dangar's boat tacked aa soon aa aho weathered Kiri) Point, and went into Neutral Bay. Tho Xarifs wu stays off* Lady Macqunrio's Chair, and both TIC making short boards, stretched away for Shark hu the "new boat " rounded the lightship nearly 2 mini and 30 seconds ahead, and she then set her jibtop and balloonjib, the Xatifa < follón ing her exam: Shortly afterwards Mr Parbury's boat gained a little tho run up, and, as they passed the flagship (he Mil was only 2 minutes 9 aeoonds ahead ot her. Og down the harbour tho Mi-tral steadily increased lead, and passing North Head she was 4 minutes tl Tho'raco was then regarded by her crew as a cerlti for her, but, when they got outside the Heads, tba t diod away to nuttung, and tho yachts oould maka 1 or no headway. It was now ovident to tho oreti both yachts (hat they could .not finish tho race br specified time-7 o'clock-and oft" Manly, the Xi apparently retired from the contest. Tho Mistral t: tho flagboat in tow from Long Beef, and it wu (: nine o'clock before she reached her moorings. Sixth Boco.-For oil second-class yachts, to bs ht capped.-Course-From their own moorings in fi Cove round flagship, then round Shark Island, t round flagship, then round a buoy off Mani/ Bo book round flagship, then round light vessel and and Figs, and back to flagship. First prize, £ second, £10. Entrance, £2 2s. Nereid, 12 tons-A. Fairfax ana F. Lassctter. Tho Pert, 16 tons-I. J. Josephson. Peri, 18 tons-,i. Cooper Mischief, ll tons-F. J. Jackson Vivandière-ll tons-A. Oliver. Tho yachts kept very olosely together until rout, tho flagship, when the Nereid and Peri singled I: selves out by taking a strong load, they hugging northern shore whilo the othor yachts stood om Farm Covo. Tho Nereid was first round Shark Ki by a little over a minute, and she came up the hu! under jib, mainsail, square-headed gaff-topsail, sqi snil, and raffea. Tho Pori, undor the same arnon: canvas, was' second. Vivandière, with her balloo: and jib- topsail, kept third for a time, but was ovetht and passed by the Mischief before they reached Ott Island, the Port being last. Tbo_flagship was .rou; os follows : ii. st. s. Xcreldat. 1 0 15 Peri . 1 8 o Mischief. 1 « » Tort. 15 0 Vivandière. 1 5 0 Going down the harbour tho Nereid again kept the c shore, und was off Cremorne on the port tack, wira Peri was in slays near Garden Island, the Pert, vhi wonderfully iuiprored her position being third, In tho Mischief and Vivandière at every stretch. Nereid rounded the flagboat off Manley about minutes ahead of the Peri, who was two minutes sb the Pert, the latter being any distance ahead of (lit cuiof and Vivandière. Tho time of rounding the flsji was ! ii. x. i Nereid at.;. 3 19 5! Perl ..'.:.:. 3 21 M Pert. 3 21) M Mischief. .. 3 31 tl It was now apparent that, bar accidents, the >'i could not lose tho race, and she rounded tho liglititi minutes before tho Peri, and. 12 minutes 10 (tc ahead of thc Pert. Of? Shark Point tho Peri aid came in contact, and tho former carried away her ventor bobstay, tho Pert losing a reef-earing. Very 1 «Iteration occurred in the remainder of tho race, ind flagship was rounded thus : ii. x. s. Nereid winner nt. S S 15 Perl. 5 li 37 Pert."........... G 30 si Mischief.;.5 HO Soventh'Knee.--For all third-class yachts, to ba bi capped. Coursa-From their own mooringiial Cove round flagship,'round light- vessel and S;» Pigs, round flagship, back round light-vessel ind and Pigs and back to the flagship. Prize, £15. I ance, £ ITs. Josephine, 10 minutes-C. Bell-Blue with white cross-.... Australian, scratch-J. Graham-Dark blue . Torment, 21 minutes-E. Howell-Blue with white star ... Daisy, 13 minutes-J. L. Adams-Blue Maid of Australia, S3 minutes-A, and J. Donaldson-Willi The Torment took the lead at thc start, Ci Australian and Josephina being close behind lier, 1 rounding the Sobraon, the Josephine and Auiln took the leading positions, the former holding,'ker very woll with the " boxer," and it was evident th«! rosult of the race lay in the issue of the struggle bed these two. After passing Bradley's Heids, Australian gained considerably" on tho Joséphine, othors being all behind, and in returning to tbs His tho Australian waa off Garden Island «hen Josephine was passing Bradley's; Toruiont indi) being somewhere near Watson's Bay. When I roundod the flagship, the Josephine was only 7 nb 50 seconds behind, the Australian, whu it »u ovident had no chance and she was not persevered' The Josephine eventually rounded the flagship o¿ minutss 16 .minutes behind tho Australian, so thal won by 6 minutes 45 seconds. Eighth Boco.-Champion race open to nil comers, pul a pair of souita in outriggers. Course-From Sip \- round Goat leland, ' thence round Fort Denúon i -back to flagship. First prize, £15. Entrance,fl Stranger-J. Dunned...-. Star of Australia-H. Green.-?? Tho Star-W. HIckoy A good start waa effected, the three men keeping t closely together for a time, but before reaching G Island, Hickey aud Green had passed Dunnett Goat Island, tho two ox-champions fouled, and Gr« .boat touched tim rooks. Through this mishap, Dat ?uectfttifcd in obtaining a long lead, which th» o'.l t'. men wero neV-ei; obie to reduce, and ho finally 'fJ liked. Hickoy wins second passing thc ll'ywpi ' before |roaching Fori' .Donison, Greon, .Vail ¡issi»» and taken second piuco, wiiial' tpQnti'oir ho m unlaiid tho end, beating Hickey by any distance. Ninth Race.-For nil opon boa!« no', exceeding Us! two feot overall, under oanvas. Course-From o own moorings in Lavender Buy round Fort Do* round flagship, then round lighl-vrssol and 8o» J Pigs, and book to tho Airship. First priif, *' second, £5. Entrance, £1 ls. Ixion-T. Drown . Bronzewing-H. Woolnough. Foam-J. W. F. Wilshire ' Jarreaux-J. Dean . Tho Bronzewing took the load nt the start, follow« Ixion and Foam, tho "Jarro" last, being ovidentlj of hor " clement" in suoh company. They roundid flagship in that ordor, but in working down thin" the Ixion took tho lead, and abo finally won tuen« eight or nino minutes j tho Bronzewing second, i Foam third, beaten a long way. - Tenth llaoe.-For all amateurs that have never I» in any race, pulling a pair oJf sculls in light ic . .Course-Same aa No. 2. Firat\prise, £71 second,! '; Entrance, 10s 6d, j ^tMttrm^.fl»-Mey...1 ' stell»-O'Sullivan. 2 Albert-W. Dowling .M.3 Adelphi-C. H. Fltiharding« Volunteer-.!. Militant Victoria-L. Alstead Zoe-A. Lovely Ibo Barb-M. Dwyer A first-nil o 6lnrt was cffoateil, Milburn and Alstead apparently having the lead, O'Sullivan and Pashley being tbs next in attendance ; Lovely last, he having evidently mada a mistake about his capabilities. After rounding fort Denison it vena evident that tho race lay between Pashley and O'Sullivan who kept very closely together ; but one hundred yards from homo, O'Sullivan partly caught a crab, and Pashley was thoroby enabled to win by about a length. Dowling was a bad third. Eleventh Race.-For all amateurs under twenty-one years of ago, pulling a pairs of sculls in light skiffs. Course-Same as No. 2. First prize, £Q j second, £3. Entranco, 10s Cd. Tirragon-E. Trickott. 1 Albert-O. Morton .;.-.'. 2 The Barb-M. Yates ''.''.."'? The three pullors got away on very equal terms, but Trickett and Yates soon left Morton all behind. Trickett ¡a a few strokes went ahead of Yates, who not being possessed of sufficient pluck to pull a losing race, gave up when Morton had again oaught him, and retired from the contest. Notwithstanding the efforts of Morton who pulled very gamely, Trickett kept tho lead, and he won the race by three lengths without aver being asked to race. Twelfth Race.-For all men pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs, to be handicapped. Course-Same as No. 8\. First prize, £10; second £5. Entranco, £1 1s. Stranger. 30lbs - Dunnett... ... ... .1 The Star, 5olbs-W. Hickey ... ... . 2 Tarragon. 40lbs - R. Green The Barb, 20l bs-J. M'Cleer Albert, feather-P. Mulhall A capital start was effected, and Mulhall dashing away in rare style, took a strong lead, Hickey and M'Cleer being next;; Green and Dunnett last. At Goat Island Mulhall and Hickey fouled, and the former, getting his boat stove in, was thenceforth out of tho contest. Dunnett had now the lead, closely followed by Hickey, Green and M'Cleer. Before rounding Fort Denison, Green gave up, and M'Cleer' went on third. These positions were maintained to the finish, Dunnett winning very easily, Hickey second, and M'Cleer a bad third. Thirteenth Race.-For all bona fide fishermen's boats, not exceeding twenty-two feet overall, owned by fishermen, and used for fishing purposes, manned by not more than four hands; to pull or sail. Course: From their own moorings off the Cove (to be picked up at starting) round Fort Denison, then round flag- ship, then round Garden Island, back round Goat Island, and back to the flagship. Prize, £12. En- trance, 10s. Hope-James Smith . :.: ... ... ... 1 Friendship -George Slummer Namoi - John Smith The Friendship went to the front at the start, and pulling a short quick stroke, soon had a good lead ot the Hope, the Namoi having given up shortly after they started. The Friendship led right round Pinchgut, and round the flagship, but opposite Fort Macquarie they were caught and passed by the Hope and the Friend- ship's crew also giving up, the Hope had only to go the distance to be entitled to the prize. 