SUMMARY OF NEWS. Dr; Lang is reported to be recovering. The directors of the Melbourne Meat preserving Company were enabled to pre sent the shareholders the other day with a much more satisfactory repqrt than on the occasion of the last half- yearly meeting; for though they did not consider it prudent to in any way cripple the operations of the company by declaring a dividend at pre sent, yet they were in a position to announce that a credit balance of £2,045 remained on the operations of the first 10 months, although for a considerable portion of that time the factory worlcs had been entirely stopped. Such results proved' beyond a doubt, in the" opinion" of the directors, that in ordinary seasons a very large profit might be realised and handsome dividends be anticipated. The report and balance sheet were adopted, and the directors were authorised to issue the remaining 4,000 shares in such a manner and at such times as they thought best. There can be little doubt that they will be eagerly taken up, as no less than 600 were applied for within the last fear days,-Argus. On Wednesday last one of Mr. Rounse vell's wagons carting sleepers to the Rail way Station was about to cross the line just as the Kapunda train was coming in. The driver did not see the train until his leading horses had their lore feet' on the line, and the train struck the off horse on the collar, and again on the ribs. The speedj of course, was not rapid, and the horses were pushed down, one of them falling into the ashpit, which was probably the means of saving their lives. Neither of them was much hurt.-Gawler Times. Mr. George Hamilton, Commissioner of Police, has kindly favoured us (Advertiser) with an inspection of several articles manu factured by aboriginal natives resident in the neighborhood of Lake Hope. Amongst these are ropes and bags made from native j grass, and ingeniously and very curiously wrought clubs, girdle, and a description of weed used by the natives as tobacco. The ! material of which the bags and rope are made is a description of hemp of a tough nature, and well adapted for making such articles. Our Tanunda correspondent informs us that the Rev. Dr. Muecke has resigned his ministerial charge at Tanunda, and con templates leaving the colony to settle in Victoria in about two months. The Doctor is deservedly held in high repute by bis countrymen and others, and as a scientific man, he has proved himself to be a most valuable colonist. His withdrawal from the colony will be felt to be a great loss by all who have shared Dr. Muecke's friendship, or had the benefit of his scien tific knowledge and reseiuch.-Advertiser. The Argu3 of Saturday last states: " At the Convent of Mercy, in Nicholson street, yesterday morning, the ceremoney of reception was performed by the Roman Catholic liishop of Melbourne, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Fitzpatriek, the Very llcv. J. Dalton, S.J., and the Rev. D. Barry ; the Rov. J. P. 0. Sullivan officiat ing as master of the ceremonies. The pos tulant was Miss Egan, of Daylesford, who | received the white veil; and an eloquent I and impressive sermon was preached by the liev. Father Slattery, of Hawthorn. The convent choir sang the music incidental to the ceremony, which included Newaham's Mass in B flat, under the direction of Pro cessor Hughoa. In compliance with the wishes of the young lady's family, the ceremony was strictly private." The will of the late Hon. John Pascoe Fawkner has been proved. The person alty, which was sworn under £2,000, was left to Mrs. Fawkner ; the real property of the testator was also left to for her life ; after her death, principally to other mem bers of the deceascd's family. Mr. Stephens, of Belfast, h an lost two first-class draught entiivs " young Aus tralia" and " Bob Roy" vbry suddenly. They are valued at £1,000. The Government have decided that the harmoniums, and indecent watch keys, recently seized by the Custom House authorities at Port Adelaide, shall be ab sloutely forfeited. Greaves, the celobrated Victorian pro fessional crick etor, died suddenly last week of heart disease. 1 The Port Victor settlers petition that the jetty should be continued to Granite Island. They allege that the sum of £10,000 already passed for tho work would cover tho cost. This, the Govern ment, apparently, are iuclined to doubt, and intimated that they wait for the report of the Engineer-in-Chief before giving a definito answer. According to a return furnished to Parliament, the cost of constructing roads within one hundred miles of Adelaide, has been ^ £782,93'! 18s. 2d. The cost within thirty miles of Adelaide has been £511,252 Gs. 3d. The maintenance of these roads in 18G6, were $58,538 j in 1S67, £53,115} and in 1868, £39,516. It hus been decided . to increase the Moonta sharos from 3200 to 32,000. Two Chinamen had a quarrel in Ben digo, when the one caught the. other by the tail and inflicted two desperate gashes in his throat with a razor. The wounded man was not expected to sur vive. The other was apprehended, By the prospectus of the Glenelg Hall way Company it appears the promoters propose to raise a capital of £44,000. Of the 2,000 salmon ova deposited in the River Derwent, Tasmania, not more than 2 per cent, have proved bad. The young fry are reported to be in a satis factory condition, and are to be liberated in a few weeks. Another memorial has been sent home by the settlers in Fiji, praying the Home Government to annex the group to Great Britain, or establish a protectorate over it. Thoy state that there are now 2,000 British residents settled on the islands, and their exports since 1868 hava been d£30o,603-one-third of that being for cotton alone. The memorial concludes as follows:-" It is unnecessary to add argu ments based upon the national honor or pride of British settlers, but it may be permitted, in the words of Admiral Washington, to state this fact:-'Eng land has valuable possessions on either side of the Pacific, as at Vancouver's, British Columbia, and Australia, but not a rock in the 7,000 miles of ocean that separates them-no island on which to place a coaling station, and where we could find fresh supplies.' And it may hereafter be found very inconvenient that England should be shut out from any station in the Pacific, and that an enemy should have possession of Tongatabu, where there is a good harbour within a few hundred miles of the track of our homeward bound gold ships from Sydney and Melbourne. Neither forts nov bat* teries would be necessary to hold the ground; a single cruising sliij> would suffice for all the "wants of the islands } coral reefs and the hearty good- will of the natives would do the rost." Thanksgiving services were hold on Friday last in several of the Melbourne churches for the recent copious rainfall. The Port Adelaide fcesjamonial to Cap tain Grainger for his bravery in bringing the branch mail steamer Balclufha to port, is to take the shape of a purse of sove reigns. It is stated a handsome amount has been subscribed towards the testi monial. The Gatvler Times announces that two of the proprietors of that paper are to bo prosecuted by Dr. Popham, of Gawler, for publishing " a wicked and malicious libel" concerning him. Two sticking-up cases are reported as having occurred in the Mudgeo district of New South Wales. Adelaido wheat has been sold in Sydney at 7s. net. Walton, a Melbourne dealer, has been committed to gaol for seven days for pre varication in the Insolvent Court. A man, whilst in a fit of delirium tremens, jumped into the river Yarra on Monday afternoon last and was drowned. The P. & O. mail steamer Malta sailed from Sydney with £100,000 in gold. The Roman Catholio prolates were passengers by her. . Emerald Hill was in a state of siege on Saturday last. A bullock that had escaped from some mob took possession of a piece of ground almost enclosed by .houses, in Pelham-strect; and not only were all efforts to dislodge it unavailing, but it also attacked the passers by. The only injured person was a postman. Attracted by the red coat the bullock rushed the un fortunate letter carrier, and he was imme diately seen performing an evolution in the air. The police coulu do nothing, bo they hurried on to tell the town clerk. Mr. Eville acted decisively. He went to the scene of action, accompanied by a man armed with a gun, and the unruly bullock soon had his quietus, after scattering dis may on the hill for some hours. The postman, we are informed, is Beriously in jured.-Herald. The Argus narrates an exciting scene which occurred at the Theatre Royal last week in consequence of an illusory alarm of fire. Fortunately, the incident possesses much of the ludicrous and includes none of the tragic. It reminds one, somewhat, of the evening when some one bawled into Drury Lane Theatre that Mr. Smith's house was on fire; when such a multitude of Smiths arose and sought the entrances that something very fatal was near occur ring:-"Just before the last scene of u Hamlet" at the Theatre Royal a panic on a small scale appeared to seize a portiqn of the audience, in consequence of an alarm of (ire being raised by the " gods." The only foundation for the sudden surprise seems to have been that some Chinamen had been letting off crackers in Little Bourke-street, celebrating a religious cere mony, and ths smoke was seen coming from the upper part of the stage. The generality of the audience did not know what was the matter, but the noise of a rush in the gallery was quite enough to cause a number of persons in other parts of the house to make for the doors, and the exclamation that some ono was foolish enough to make that the tidal wavo was | coming perhaps had the efi'ect of increasing their speed. However, it required but a few seconds to show that the alarm was needless, though the house was some min utes in settling down to quietude again, and the ghost had once more to como from the grave with the assurance that there was not the slightest cause (or the agita tion. Ilerr Bandmann also felt called upon to remark that this glorious country was not destined to go down yet for eomu thousands of years. The audience cheered, and the piece proceeded without furthur interruption." The showery weather lately experi enced at Mount GambLr soems to liavo been general throughout the colonies, and the accounts from tho agricultural dis tricts report tho crops to bo much im proved-in some casus they aro said to bo xuoro promising than usual. The Government of New South Wales have curried the soetnul rending; of the Grazing Eights Bill. . Their Estimates have been introdueud, and show about «£o,000 decree. A now Electoral Bill has been introduced, which proposes to create eight additional electorates. A deputation from the Sydney Cham ber of Commerce had a satisfactory inter view with the Government respecting the Bataviau telegraph line, and there is every prospect of it being shortly com menced. A portion of the released Fenians return to England by tho first ship from Sydney and tho others are leaving for California. Whatever may be the ultimate effect upon the exchequer of the proprietors, remarks the Aryus, the competition at present going on between the three comic and satirio periodicals of this city is clearly advantageous to the public. Punch, Humbug, and Touchstone are all good this week ., the cartoon in Humbug especially being one of the most effective pictures of the kind we have ever seen. The read ing matter in all three of the journals is also improving, but it would be well if the conductors of the two junior periodi cals would refrain from indulgence in coarse and vulgar personalities, which cannot possibly interest the greater num ber of their readers, but which must infallibly degrade journalism ultimately to the level of an altercation between a pair of Billingsgate fishwives. The intercolonial pigeon-shooting matoh -Victoria v, Tasmania-which took place at Launceston, terminated in favor of Victoria )>y nine birds. 