O1oi i5xtr ilfsi.ta9 THE ROAD. To TRUNKEY CREEK.-rPer sons from Sydney intending to'visit the nhw, goldfield at Trunkey Creek would do well to remember that they have their choice of two routes, either via Goulburn or via Bathurst. The new field is said to be twelve miles from Tuena; and Tuena'is about half-way between Bathurst and Goulburn; but from the supe riority of the road to the latter place it has always had the greater, generally the entire, share of the Tuna 'trade. Trunkey Creek in.poilnt of mileage is ther'efore not so far from Bdithui'st as from:Goulburn ;but the intend-. ing visitor 'fromni Sydney-will' do well to're member that he can reach Goulbuirn by train. The -Bathurst papers have certainly had more than the Goulburn papers to say about the new-gold-field; but this' does not'affect the' matter of reaching there :from Sydney.- Goulburn Herald. A case, which from the position of the parties excited great interest, has been brought, before the Bathurst police court, and after a lengthened examination, William" .Burdett and Jane'Kerr'charged' with steal ing a number of articles the goods of" Mr. Samuel llobinson, have beeni 'comiitted'for .trial by R. Itotton, Esq;, Acting Police Mag.' istrate. It appears from the evidence that the prisoner ]Burdett had 'ben in the habit of serving Mrs Kerr for some time past, and upon one occasion, when £1 2s. 6d. passed over the counter between them, he gave her half a dozen chemises, two flannel petticoats four pair of drawers, and a baby's flannel, four white petticoats, four gentlemen's neck ties, and ten or eleven ladies' white pocket handkerchiefs. On another day Mrs Kerr went into the show-room, taking a female friend wvith her, who came forward as a witness against her, and the prisoner Burdett packed up about twenty feathers; some of them were black and sonme coloured. On that occasion Mrs Kerr put on an untrimmed black straw hat; two or three more feathers were put into the hat and taken into the shop. ' Mrs Kerr also got three strips of embroidery, twelve yards of white calico, also a chest preserver, a pair of white stays, and some men's collars, which were taken away.' On various other occasions -larcenies to a like amount were committed, the ar ticles neither' being paid for nor put down to the female prisoner's account. On ano ther occasion it was proved that prisoner Burdett went to" Mr Kerr's house like a stuffed turkey-very full at the lreast. He gave Mrs Kerr a small bundle, which he drew from under the breast of his poncho. He opened the parcel, and it appeared to be a erimean shirt and a coat. The coat was rolled up in the shirt. Tie said to Mrs Kerr, " This is for Johny." Afterwards he (Bur dett) pulled off his crimean shirt and took another crimean shirt from underneath and placed it on the table. It was a browriish looking shirt. After that he pulled off his trousers and took a new pair, with black stripes, from underneath. M rs Kerr was present at this time. Silks, baby linen-' in fact, every description of spoil seemed by the evidence to have been appropriated by Burdett, and a carpet-bag left by hirn at a public- house contained a number of articles for the possession of which he did not sat isfactorily account. Bail was allowed M'rs Kerr: one surety of £200, one of £100, and two in £50 each. It was also intimated to Burdett that bail would be accepted' for him in the same aionints, could-he:succeed in procuring it. The Moruya Telegraph reports that two men' who had been working at Mogo for about nine days, had taken out gold amount ingin value to £24. per man, and it has oozed out that an old digger, who had baws working in'the same locality for th'ree weeks has been rewarded for his labours by. the handsome sum of. £50. 'A movement was on *foot to get a quartz crushing -machine started. EXTRAORDINARY YIELD or GOLD.--Mr Jams' Brown, of Hawkin's Hill Tambaronra, came into town on Monday last with about £4000 worth of gold, which he had obtained from the claim that formed-the subject of a recent dispute before the Bathurst Bench. The precious metal was taken from twenty 'seven tons of quartz, 'and weighed eighty four, pounds., Mr Brown was accompanied by another man, and, being on horseback, they had to carry the gold between them in three-bushel bags, and.arrived in .Bathurst about midnight. Thefollowing morning the "'lucky digger" started for Sydney with his valuable charge.-- 3athurst Times MIssING.--.Mr Robert Hollis and his brother 'abdrit a foitnight ago, started fromi home to look after sdme cattle in the neigh bourhood of 'the heid of Happinbarra Creek near the Hasting River, arid have not:since been herd of. : Great apprehensions are en tertained for their safety, and several neigh. hours andfriends, assisted by constable King and a black trackr have beelnu out for several days making a searrchi throuh the busli; up to the present time io3tidings: have' been receivecd. It is feared that some accident must have occurred, other wise.the :brothers wcvuld have made their way to some .home stead before this because they hliave the re putation of being excellent bushmen and well acquainted with the country in their dis trict'.-- Macleay.IHerald. : A shocking occurrcnce took place ini the Alnwiek Theatre on Monday, Api il 12: Mr Charles Mathei??s performed, and the house was crowded in every part.'. Between :the pieces a young man named Turner attempted to pass from the gallery into the side-boxes. George Craster, one. of the assistants'in the theatre, endeavoured to stop him; and a "struggle took place, the people in the gallery encouraging Turner inhis resistance to the official. - At length, both men 'fell into the boxes, Craster u'ndermost, with his arms round Turner's neck. .Craster managed to rise; but Turner was unable to move and was carried home, wheie he died shortly afterwards. Ci'aster was brought before a magrstrate the following day charged with having caused'the death' of ~T'iher, and i'c mianded. :Byl a .memorandum which was finally passedi on.;Tuesday last, by the executive F council,:it appcars that the government pro posed to make such alterations in the con sititution and distribution of the police 7 force as will effect the saving of £36,000. The executive have also decided to. make certain alterations in the department of the registrar-general, and estimate a considerable ' reduction in the expenditure 'in :conncc tion with that branch of the public service. '. The scheme, whilihhas rieceived thli: assent I of the government, is, ,that. in fu;tute,: the rates of fees allowed to district registrars of births, .deaths and marriages are,to ,be con tinued as at present, up to the annual amount >a of £30.- "Beyond that the fees are to be re duced: one-half; `and where practicable! the office of district-iregistrar will be thrown upon clerks of' .petty2sessions' and police magistrates.. The saving effected'lijytlihse changes '--illamonnt to about' £600 per yetar. At present many of th'e L iegistrars ;receive considerable . iicories from the feeLs w:hich are paid. tlieii, and whici' amounrt to 3sifor each entry of. a birth, marriage,- or.death. Under- the proposed sheme :the registrirs . will be intitled. to receive the 3s. pedr entry unutil their receipts slhallhiave reached iniany one year thc sum of £30 When theyq lave, obtained that -amount,; _ thd ' :fees ?'ill 'e .rcduccd to2 s. l 6 per %entiy ad thus the emoluments of these offices ';illhbe more-equalised than at presnt.. It is ,dti. mated thatt this alteiration,,o togethei with the reductions whichl the government :have decided to make in the police departmieut;. will relieve the revenue of. an expen'se -of something like £37,000 :per yeari.' Tasmania must bena nice place to live in, and Tasmanian justices very intelligeitiin a gistrates, judging frodm the foll6owing, Hliich we take from" the IIobart Town Muercliy:of the 209th June -"Yesterday afterinoon 'abbmit half-past 2 o'clock, the attention of several bystanders abont. the Stone-building ` }as called to a young stripling, dressed in a.blue smock and felt hat, closely handcuffed; and procceding up the road in custody of- a con stable. Sights of these kind are, hbippily, now very rare in the colony, consequeitly, many'inquiries were made as t > who the felbn could be, and various' suggestions offered'as to the nature of the horrible crimehe nhiight have 'committed, while two or: three gentle men crossed towards Walch's, and . the.,fol. lowing, colloquy took place: - Inquirer : 'Pray constable what offence has, the lad committed that he is handcuffed in. this manner ?' Constable: 1Ic shot a kangaroo sir; and I am taking him to the Cascside Factory under sentence of twvo months' im prisonment..' Inquirer (to" the boy) : ' Is that true my lad ? What is 'youi' name ? WheVirewere you tried ? :'At HamIilton,. sir. I am the son of- a farmer, and my naine is James Pearce.' ' But were you; not fined ?' 'No, sir, . merely sentenced to two months' imprisoniment with hard labour for shooting a wild kangaroo oin Mir Gellibrand'siland, at ths Ouse, and now you see me handcuffed like a felon, in broad daylight, and on nmy way to prison.' . Sonime of the attractions of our Nortliern territory, says-the Brisbane Courier; of a re. ceiit date are rather of a formidable naturi ; and if Mr Gerard Krefft should some day take the Australian saurian in; hand, as he has already. thei Australian snake,,Queens lahd will hold a distinguished place.ih "his woik, and will be found 'rich'- in something more than 'harmless 'python?.. Tihese ''au 'rians are beginniing to contest rathlier fiercely the. right and title to. posscssiio to obiitNor. thorn rivers as will be seen from;:th'e follow ing paragraph. The Cleveland Bay Express of the 29th ult. says :-"The alligators that infest -the creek are growing large, and bold in proportion. - Yesterday :afternoon,: while Sergeant Iliggins was `sendig two 'horses across the -creek, a couple of alligators made their appearance, swimmin g'!direct for the animals. One of theim, Wiho'was swimniuing with his mouth wide open, is.described :by the sergeant as being about' twenity;five' feet long, the other much smallei:'. As soo i. as the.-reptiles, werei" seen, .iggians and so?im persons on. the bank of the creek commidn ced shouting at the top of their voices ;and fortunately . the noise wais successful in :ar .restingthe progress of'the' reptiles, which stopped and lay like logs on theieeifrdiof. the strehm. . There is 'little doibt 'that:but for. the 'timely assistance lent by the voices of ti?e spectators, one ;1i: both of thehoibses would have been killed or maimed fui life." F4riL ACOiEirT~ -O On PF'iday last a nian named Keclan, son of Mr Keelan at Cool; ringdon, met with an accident iwhich termii nated fatally. .-It: apears that' he,was pro-,: ceeding' homewairds withŽMr: Keniedy, who hadi some goods on a:dray:amiongst which were some axe-handles; and one of them fell off thed:dray: Tihe'young mnan iwho was on lihseback, dismounted to pick it up; and ?n remounting his horse became restive, pluiig ging violently, and, finally reared up, losing its balerince aid-' falling over with the young man .underneath.. The unfortunate fellow was:brought into the Hospital, and.notwith standing the assiduous attention he received, he sistainied from the fiull terminated fatally about 12 o'clock lhast :night.- Mercury.: THEi INSOLVtENC" 'STATUTES;-A- some- . whi? imiportanit deciision has bdei i~@i v by hisI Hoior Mr Justice Hlargiaie, in astiu:in which it was souglht to malke void?'eirtain provisions of a marriage settlemeit: unider the :following . circumstanccs·- Mr:,John (nldwell, on his marriage inJanuary, 1866. settled certain land upon his: wife for? her se perate use and afterwards for Mr Caldwell's children, on his becomiug a:"bankrupt,"- or "an insolvent within the meaning of any law for the relief or relating to insolvent debtors oi' bankrupts:" or on his assigning the said land. In September 'Mi :Caaldwall made a made a voluntaryassignment of his property to the trustees for the benefit of his creditors. A bill in equity was filed by the trustees, who sought that such trusts should bei de clared void. His Honorhowever considered that such- a voluntary assignment:had-not cotistiutctd Mr Caldivells bankrupt or an in solvient :withiin the'laws, and dismissecd~ the bill with cots,.-Empire. - EXTRAOiRDINARY .'OCCURRENCES.--Ifl these enlighteued times it seems almost an absurdity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the following statement of what has befallen three respectable men re siding near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being no hoax. The three men referred to are splitting posts and rails for fencing at a place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old Duffer Rush. The first time they saw any thing unusual was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago, when they were much startled by seeing in the bush near'their hut, a white object about the size of a cat, but of no particular form. This extraordinary-looking object suddenly before their eyes sprung up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called out to it, but could get no reply, struck it wittQ' stick, and it sounded hollow. It also cho'i r two of-thei onezway, and one another 'On another occasion they retired to bed at the '.usual hour' on a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time and, upon one :waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hut:had been removed. On looking out they saw the spectre, but no one else was about; and they are all quite sure that neither ;n' this or the former occasion was it either a man ora woman.. Its suddenly risingbe fore their eyes, from a: mere nothing :to a height of eight feet quite dumbfoiunded thcii.' .Anotber night they were much suprised at' seeing a strange, unearthly.looking' animaFl somewhat resembling a :dog,' with a':long chain attached to'it. This animal came right in front of-the, hut,!and comnmeced grinning at them, -but made' no,noise, eithei; by barking.or :otherwise, save the' occasional xattling.oi his chain. Asthe aninial would not go awayv, ,one of theti men ( who: was a good. shilt).loaded; a gun,,and fired its con-: tents direct .at the brute, but'the shot took no effect uipon it. The dog, or whatever it it was, remained foti soime corsidcrable tinie. On' another night tlihe dog seemed to:have' returned, for tLhty heaird the rattling of a chain anid a noise like :what: a dog. would make when licking a plate." Upon looking outside,' they saw that a?iplate which' had been left there Was in motion, but they could not see what caused it tobe so,i although they could, while looking, :discredibedabove. They watched it for some. time; the plate. being kept.in motion, and the noise being distinctly heeard- as if the:plate was being licked by some animal. On Sunday last these men' came into Young' and ipon one of them returning in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been: pulled down and its conteits broughit outside: and left'there., :TwoT ot of the three men are well known to us, and we feel confident that what, wehave stated.inay be relied upon as being the truth.. A shepherd told these men that some' time ago two" men who were splitting:there quarrelled, and one'killed the other with. an are, and, afterwards fell a tie: on him and that it was nothing extraordinary for the murdered nman's ghost to make its appeairance. The men will most probably be in town to night, when we shall hear further particulaurs which :we shiill not fail to give inr our next-, issue.--Burrangong Argus. . THE ROCKHAMPTON MURDER. --- At the Police Court, Gladstone, Patrick Ryan appeared in custody, charged with having stolen gold in his possession, supposed to be part that stolen from the late P. Halligan, of Rockhamp- ton. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and made a statement in substance as follows:--- The gold was given to him by a young man on the 10th or 11th May, between Rodd's Bay and Miriam Vale. In reply to the Bench he further stated he had not heard of the murder at Rock- hampton. The man who gave him the gold asked if any persons had gone along the road, and if they were police. I told him they were not police. He asked me how long I had been in the country, and if ever I had been on the diggings as it was a first rate game. Told him I had never tried the dig- gings. He then said I will show you something. He took out of his saddle bags a lump of gold like a half-moon, and cut me a piece off. He told me he had lost the other half. I did nothing for it, and did not think it strange. He asked me if I knew Mr Bell's brand, and if the horse he was riding was Mr Bell's. It was branded JB. He said he got it on the diggings. He told me he was going to the Gympie to see his wife. I was afraid to tell the constables I had the gold for fear of being put in the lock up. Constable Irwin arrested the prisoners at East Stowe on the 12th June. Prisoners said he had lost the gold, at Baffle Creek. Searched prisoner and his hut and found the gold produced in his bunk under a pillow. On finding the gold, pri- soner said that is the gold, I must have last it there. Saw the prisoner on the 11th June, and he told me he had lost the gold; but that evening I received information that the priso- ner still had the gold in his possession. I brought prisoner to the lockup, where he made a statement like the one he has just given. The Bench admonished the prisoner for withholding information the police, and fined him 5/- or three months in Rockhampton jail; the gold to be retained by the police and prisoner to be bound over to appear at Rock- hampton Circuit Court on the 28th September, if required. The gold is retorted, and cut from the top of the piece. --- Gladstone Ob- server, June 21. --- It is reported that Palmer has confessed to having committed five mur- ders on and about Gympie; and that the po- lice have found a corresponding number of human skeletons at places indicated by him. A case heard at Rosedale last week affords an instance of the results in some cases of being considerate for the interests of others. A mob of sheep (says the Gipps Land Times) were about to be impounded at Rosedale, when the poundkeeper, seeing that they were very weaki and likely to get smothered in a muddy yard, to save the owners from snfferting loss, unwisely took charge of .them outside the yard. The sheep were subsequently taken possession of by the drover, and an action brought by' the poundkeeper for their reso je. Upon the case being heard it appears that the the sheep had not been legally impounded, not having been, placed in the yards. The poundkeeper was subsequently mulct in Costs, and the satisfaction of paying for his whim. Had helet the sheep- into the yard, he would have got his fees, something over £36, and the owners would have been pro bably minus a tew hundred of their stock. Mn JUSTICE HAROaAVE.-In a leading article on Dr. Steel's case, the Melbourne Argus remarks that although the absolute innocence of that gentleman had been fully established, he was reprimanded by " Mr Justice Hargrave in a volley of undigni.. fled and vulgar abuse," and subsequently refers to the fact of Sir Alfred Steph'en having pointedly expressed his disappro bation of thesentence passed by his learr" colleague, and adds that. it wna" nate that,he had hither ' in teaching him a l!te. !-· ...e grammar, and a lit le gentle'rr ~ag.. The Argus may not be aware, or ma-1 perhaps have for,. grntten, that Mr Justice inargrave is a poli tically appointed judge, whose utter incapa. city to even decently discharge the im portant duties of the responsible post into which he was pitchforked was well know at the time of his elevation, and that, so strongly was it then felt that a gross public scandal had been perpetrated by the ap. pointment that had been made, that upon. the occasion of his first takingbis seat.upon the Bench, the bar, with one or two excep-. tions, rose and left the precincts of the Court. Sinice that time the vagaries of Mr Justice .I-ar"grave upon the Bench- have called forth frequent condemnations' in "the public!journals of the colony, and the press,; and ivervoneconunectcd 'with it-even indi rectly, like'Dr Steel-appears to have earned the' special aversion of 'his Honor. 1Dr Steel's case is not'the-fist one in connection with the press in which Mr Justice Hargrave, with reckless license of tongue,; has, shown liiinself to be possessed of but. "little law,'" and less of "gentlemanly feeling." Judges lBoothby for years sorely test?'dthe patience. of the South Australians, but:at last they could stand his judicial pranks. no longer and he was removed :trom the Bench.: The pro cedent is a good one, and if the adinijistra?: tion of. justice . ind, this colony is not to be brought into contempt; it might not-i per haps be amiss' to follow it here. In what other part of the.empire would it be, possi ble for the remarks of. one judge from, the Bench, in condemn'ation of auother, to be re-; ceived with openi mauifestatsons of. popular sympathy and feeling-? The ;Sylney mail dne in Cooma on Friday morning didinot airive till noon. .The 'causec of the - delay, we believe, was a breakage to the coach after leaving Micalago.-AMrcury, 