INQUEST AT STRATHALBYN. An inquest was held on January 15, at the Ter- minus Hotel, Strathalbyn, before Dr. Herbert J.P. (Mr. Close, Foreman), on the body of Murty McMahon. The accident has been previously de- scribed. Ann McMahon, wife of the deceased, said her husband left home at about 9 or 10 o'clock on Monday morning for Woodchester, saying he was going to Paddy Connell's. He was quite well. I next saw him on Tuesday evening at the room where the body now lies. He left home alone on his own horse, a quiet one, and which he has been in the habit of riding for a long time. He was never previously thrown from it. The horse has not yet returned. Corporal Foelsche deposed— On Tuesday last, at about 3 p.m., Mr. Staples brought the deceased to the Police-Station in his spring-cart in a state of insensibility, and his face covered with blood, saying he had found the deceased on the Wood- chester-road at 12 o'clock; that he had brought him into town in his cart, and had called at the Robin Hood Hotel to leave the man, but Mr. Warland refused to take him in. I went to the Victoria Hotel, and saw Mr. Cozens, and told him that McMahon had been found on the road nearly dead, and asked him for a room to put him in, which he refused. I then came to the Terminus Hotel, and saw Mr. Hooper, who at once admitted him, and Dr. Blue was in attendance in about ten minutes after we had got McMahon into the room where the body now lies. I have known the deceased for several years as a very steady man. Leeson Staples said— I was going to Woodchester on Tuesday last when, on driving along the track, I saw the deceased a little off the road, about half a mile or so beyond Mr. Thomas Williams's. My man was with me, with whose assistance I lifted McMahon into my cart. He was unconscious. I found his hat a little way off, with two holes in it. I examined the ground about after putting him into the cart and saw a leaning tree by the road side with some fresh bark knocked off, and a branch broken. I believe he came against this tree and branch. A few yards from where I found him I also found a stirrup-leather, and from the appearance of the ground saw that be had been dragged for some yards. There was a lot of blood near him, and I should say he must have bled a pint or more. I brought him to Mr. Warland's Hotel, and told him I wished to leave him there, but he said he would not take him in, for he had had trouble in that way, and loss too. Took him to Mr. Cozens's, but he also refused to admit him. I then took him to Mr. Hooper's, where he was at once admitted. Patrick O Connell, stationman, living at Wood- chester, said— I last saw McMahon alive on Tues- day morning. He came to my place on Monday afternoon about 3 o'clock, and we went to Mrs. Perry's, from whom he wanted to rent a cottage. On leaving Mrs. Perry's we went back to my place, and had tea. After that we got a gallon of wine and drank a half of it by about 10 o'clock, when he talked of going home; but I would not let him go, and told him he had better stay the night and I would call him at any time he liked in the morning. He slept at my place, and I called him early. He went, got his horse, and saddled it, and I got breakfast ready in the meantime. After this we drank one or two tumblers of wine. I am not sure whether it was one or two tumblers each. There were three bottles of wine left out of the gallon. He left for home at about 20 minutes past 7 in the morning, sober. On Monday night went to bed about 10 o'clock. He left my place the next morning to go straight home. The horse, I am told, is at Stirling's station. Dr. Blue, qualified medical practitioner, de- posed—On Tuesday, at about half-past 3 p.m., I was called to see a man who it was said had fallen from his horse, and was then lying at the Ter- minus Hotel. I found him with his face covered with dried blood, and evidently suffering from con- cussion, of the brain. On removing the blood from the face two wounds— one on the left eyelid, and the other on the left side of the nose— were apparent. Both nostrils were plugged with dirt. I found blood on his trousers, which must have gathered there from his rolling on the ground. The force of the blow seemed to have been ex- pended on the left temple, but there was no out- ward evidence of fracture. There were no marks of violence on any other part of the body. When raising him to examine his head he said some word in Irish, which a bystander reported to mean water. This was the only word I heard him speak. He remained insensible up to the time I last saw him, which was this morning at about half-past 2. He died from compression of the brain, supervening from concussion following a blow, at 8 o'clock this morning. The Jury, after having retired for about three quarters of an hour, returned the following ver- dict: - "That the deceased Murty McMahon was accidentally killed. His death is supposed to have been caused by his having come in violent contact with a tree whilst on horseback." The following rider was added: — "In connection with this case the Jury highly commend the action taken by Messrs. Staples and Hooper, and at the same time express their dissatisfaction with the conduct of those publicans who refused to take the man in, and request that the Coroner will communicate with the Hon. the Attorney-Generel for directions as to the proper course to be adopted in any future similar cases." The Coroner, in reply to a Juror, said that McMahon (the deceased) was in every sense of the word a traveller, and that under the Licensed Victuallers Act in his opinion, no publican could refuse to receive him when admission was sought for him. ' Adelaide Punch.'— No. 4 of Adelaide Pundi :ontains a cartoon representing the Attorney [Jeneral a3 a woodman, busily enga.-ed in demo lishing the volunteer force. He has made the incision, and is just in the act of driving in the reductions wedge to complete the overthrow, when his arm is arrested by a Blyth in uniform. The likeness of Mr. Strangwayp, at all events, is excel lent. Arnon? th' smaller cuts is one ^presenting the Mayor of Adelaide visited in his slumbers by the ghosts of unillum;n;ite-l lamp-posts, bells on impossibly thin legs, and discharged babbies with muskets and extraordinary disconsolate looks; over him stands a coffin, ami near his bed a ban, presumably of money, with 15) percent, inscribed on it The number altogether seems a very good one. Allen's ' SPECTATOR.'-We have received No. 1 of Allen's Spectator. It is of the same dimen sions as Pa$qum. 