S COLONIAL EXTRACTS. MusIoeo i, EtncTsoons.-A correspan. dent has written to inquire whether tie olficers of suburban municipalities are right in advertising that no one whose rates rce mitin unpaid will be entitled tovote at the 'eleotions for aldermen and auditors, which are to take place next month. The lat stands thus :-Ailthough every person whro is liable for rates is or ought to be enrolled, none but the actual ratepayers have a right to vote. It is ncecessary that every person claiming to vote shall sign the declaration set out in:schedule C of the Muuicipalitiesc Act.of 1867, avorring that hlie 'or sheo) is a ratapayer, and that no rates due by him :os her) are in arrear. Any person whos? .name.is on the roll, lwho answers properly the only questions which tihe law allows to be' put, and who signs this declaration, .must be allowed to.vote. ult any person who signs such declaration knowing thalt any. statement therein is untrne, will be guilty of a misdonmeanour, and liable, on convetiou, to be punisled by fine or ir. prisonment, or both, according to the dise cretioh of the court where the ease may be tried. Any person who,knowin. that he \- or esie is inot actually a ratopner, or that S]Iis or her rates are in arrear shall sign tlhis Sdeclaration will, therefore, be liable to this .. piunishment.-llerald. CoonT vo, Az'raUs.-A correspondent . writing from Batavie, under the date 10tt .. I)eeumber, says, " Count von Attems hai 'confeessad, and is'to get a severe sentence. i..,lis yacht, theo Ianmleit's Ghost, has, I biC :lieve,. booeen sold for about £200,. On his way to Java he fired into a vessel for not showing liher colours, and after his arrest he insisted upon the Austrian Consul send -ing to Singapore to intercept an Austrian frigate and order her to come to effocl his release,"-SUdydne llerahl, ... STICKING UP OFi TIIE CownAAN'D CARCOAa MAS.--This mail was on Thlursday last Sstuck up by two men, mounted anid under arms, at istzgerald's Mount, about 12 miles from Bsthurrt. Tliero were several puse songers in tio coach, including one female; but astthey were minius cash, except in one ...instanae, theo amouut of money taken wansi S.said be be only £25, which the owner was unable to secrete. The mail bags were \- taken by the ruflans, who. thon allocwed .: the driver, Jemmy Nairae, to take lcharge ;'of. his passengers and proceed towards Bathurst. On arrival ialnformation of the robbery was given to the police, who were : at oneodespatched in pursuit. One of tIho ...vagabonds .was maskeod,-Batlhurst Free ,Preas, January O .. AFsRAY WITI[ THE SOUTH SeA I?S . Lo ns..-The: schooner: Prima Donna, S. Captain Cook, arrived in porton Wedlaes. ..day.last, after rather an .unisuccessful trip n to tho: South Sea Islandsefor Polynesian . labourers, slio only-having suoceeded inob. ,taoining fiftoon.. :As willibo seon by th'fol. , 'lowing.report tho..voyago has also been at. ; ?tended with disastor, a. boat's crowv of \- ,. Kinakas have been- spenred by the Is. la Iaders, Th: e schoonerloftVMaakay for the South. Sea Ilands on the 22nd October S.'lanit,and after a tedious passage of twenty. Ssix days arrived off' Mlars Island, havieg experieonocdnothing but a succession of light airs and calns thlroti~lhout. Tlhcnc proceeded on to Tanna, arrivingi there oni the 20th November. That day one of the creaw uLccidentally shlot himselt whilst return. Sing in.the boat to the ship; the wound, a severe flesh:one in the arm,.was promptly dressed. by Captain Cook, anrid the man ra. pidl recoveored. The.schoonernext called at .hroo Hills Islands on the 2,th Novem Sher, and took on board seven natives to go round with the vessel as i'boat's crow, From that date till the :th.ll lDecember cruised among tihe various islands trading and engaging natives. On the Oth, oil the ishnd of Valha, sent thd boat ashore with a crow of five Throe Ilill.moan in lhirjgo of Sery (a native); 'at. 38.20 p.ni,. thie boat returned on board with three men severely wounded, vii.,Scery, Taf'fow sa, nd Banner, The captain extraoted, ten t arrow. points from different parts of their bodies, some of them fourinchoes in length., Sory.reported that, upon thidboat nrrivlng olo0o to the beach, the natives called to them to 'come close in as some noon wanted to go in the vessel; when seversl of the natives came down to the boat, calling out dircotly after. ,wards to the others on the beach, when im mediateoly a salover'of arrows, aore shot at ,the .boat; severely wouniding tho. sboveo ,threeoo nnmd, Sory fired a revolver at them five times, and then returned, .to the ship, The wounded men;attondodto, the " schooner,wj~ot undoraoigh' for a furtthae' ,.cruse amolotheo.ish'nds. On the 14th ..Dcomber hlaod the wounded man of the b.:qat's croanat Throo,,lills Island, and , startid,: for,: .iromang"a and, -atn, :but Sbeing unable to obtain any .loro:ielandeors i.theore mado ,snil on ta, 21stfor Port i Mackay with fifteen laborrers. ' Expcri. . c..nod fresh, broedcs from thVe S,S,I,, ind ,,mado a quick run up of eigt days., The schooneri Son Witcl, "and ,a steamer bound north,;were the only yos.. s ils sighted on the voyago? The ePrimen Donna leaves this port again to-day for Maryborough, there to load timber for Sydney.--Mackay Mercury, January 0. how WVIFIIrEaAaTEIIS AsRE TnEATID. IN BnIsnA?r?n.--Tho .ourier states thatin the Police Court on the 20th instant, Hugh Lamph, was brought up on remand, charged with having assaulted his wife. The evidence was to the effect that Lamph came homeo late one night in a state of intoxication, and began knocking things about tihe yard in front of the hIouse. His wife being alarmed ran out of the house by the back door and did not return for some time. When she got back to the hlouse A1oe looked in, aslkig if he (meaning hler Ihusband) was inside, and thereupon she got a blow on the head from some weapon or other, which rendered her insensible. Some of the children then ran to tihe neighs bours, whlo came and prevented Lamlh from fiurther mnaltreating his wife. 1a lhad, lhowever, done her so much injury tlhat she required medicsl' usssistance, and wes for some days prevented from attend. inag the .court to give evidence. Thle case wras considered fully proved, and the de fendant was sentenced to six monthls' hard labour in the gaol. Ar.LLcOcE F1NiN5AN CONSPIIIACeT.-ThOe following is a report bythe Chief Warder of Darlinghurst Gnol (fr. Bernard) of a slatemennt made to hilm by the late prisonerc O'Farrell. Altlhough the last paper printed it appears to have been thie tirst written upon tlels subject .:-"Darlinghurst Gaol, 13th Mearch,1868. Sir,r-I lhave to informn youe, that I visited the eman O'Farrell this morening in his cell; and finding that he reccognlised me--having rseen me in Victorin -I questioned him relative to the sad. effilir of yesterday. HIe communicated tile following :--Immediately after the nowss arrived hero of thie Manchester cxecutionse, a Fenian body was organised in Me(bourne, composed of some nallarat inen, under tie leadership of a person whoie came out froca Jingland for tihat lUrp'Osee, swhen it was agreed upone that Prince Alfred was to be shot. They camoover here and recruited toheir rankts, some two dozen; but losiueg caonlielonce in some of their nmembers, the b'nd was reduced to ten, who drew lIbts to whose part it would fill to assassinate the 'Prince and Earl of ]hlmoro. Imme. aiately after this, thie Earl of Ilelmoro be. came the patron of some society that was favourable to them, or ithey were favourable to it. Lots were again drawn, to know ,rho was to shoot the. Prince only, and it feloil to O'PFarrell. Ho further states,--thant ted irrangementuts for the assassination were agreed upon two moeths bacli, whuen nearly all the prominent memnbers of the benin. left for England. O'Farrell is oxpeetine, letters from ]England by this mcail, addres. sed to Victories, flsom the ]rothlerhood, but did not say how they were to be dirooted. Heo Ils sisters in Victorit, one of whom is married to at Mr, Lane, of Wilkes and Luane,' Meiolboune. Awaiting instructiaons, I heove, &o.;, I. It. ?lsncanaD, OhiofWarder." -Hlerald. AcOIDDNT o Os LhLI rcINsca.--dVeveral casualties are reportedl as occurring during the thundorstorm of the 21st instant, iwheli sppears.~ have been general, A shaph?qid and his dog were found dead aon Mr. Olement's run, about two miles from the head statiocn, and death it is eonjooterpd ,nsued from a lightning 'stroke, Three bullocks belonging to Mr. W. Kite,., of Dockairno, were in a paddock near the house and lying ddown about six or eight faot* apart fromn onoe 'anothor, when the eletrio fluid struck and killed instantaneo usly the whole three animals. A. no ly ereceted sied on the prenmisea bolonging to Mr. Jones, Durham.street,. iathurst, eras strucl without doing muesh injunry, Tao only of thle rafters were splintered to pleoes, anti tnwo.stout cornor posts niro sIattered from toa to bottom. Tho..np. perance of the lightning at the time oftle shlock is describes as a bristling dised of about 15 inches in diameter, . which ecmo and went in an instant of time, the. reort being similar to that of an army of ries. An alarming accident occurred on the mumo day to the, wife.of the lRev, Mr. Olien, Wealsyan ministeor, at Bathlurat. At thie tinee tihe stornm amo eon, early is the niorning,: Mlra.; Olden was ongaged inj do amosti'avocations, aned becoaincg alim'ed s!o' went to hier hlusband a beside and .ox. pressed her fears. Immediately aftce:tlse eloatrio fluid, attended, by a deafoninlap of thunder, camo crashing: throgt tise coiling strilking the lady inits oura"t d ronderlng her inseonsible.. Dr. Maiatti on arrival found Mrs. Olden sufferin free a great'shookl to. tihe systes, besos a sovers burn on the log.. Th lilhtnig first struck her odp tihe side, descendedt ahort distance, poenotrated the clothes an t burst the leg from tho,kneo -.downward The eiling ofthoe room was ,piorceaod i .soven 'lip'wsit llaeios, and in its course .'wards iso barth'ppeaers,to have traversed hea bed posts and shiattorod4ht o wsooden r er of thIo castors to atoms, Mrs. Oldenr pro. orcssirsgfeisourably,tlioughl tihe ?lk to thb sjstem lssboepn very great, . houses i on't'atreet'y, Sydnoey, was alsoa uk on theo simo occasion,. and. the bed lrtains and bedding, bosldles a quantity oeaaring apparol in one of the upper rooms wereo set on fire.- Western Examiner. FATAL ACCIDENT - The Western Post re ports that an inquest was held, on Wednes day, 27th ult., on the bodies of two children named Cupitt, residing at Limestone, be fore Dr King. The depositions taken at the inquest revealed such a lamentable want of intelligence on the part of the bro ther of the deceased that it was impossible to find out by what means they came to their death. The mother had left the house, and the two children, subsequently found drowned, were in the charge of her eldest boy. All that he could say was, that he saw "a head and hands floatiag in a waterhole," and he went and told his mo ther. She gave information to a man named Curran who fished the bodies out of the hole stiff and dead. The boy, it seems, did not tell any body of what he had seen till all chance of saving the lives was passed. He appeared to be a half idiot. The jury had no alternative but to bring in a verdict of ' accidentally drowned.' The depositions were exceed ingly unsatisfactory. 