SYDNEY. January 25. 1 The Hellespont, -which lately left this port, has been lost off San Francisco. All the officers and eleven of the crew are missing. The banks have raised -the rate of exchange on London to 1 per cent, premium. Last year's imports are valued at £6,850,000. lne iSulli (Joal (Jompany nave declared a dividend of 10 per cent. Letters from Batavia state that the soi disant Count von Attem has confessed to the swindles, and. will most likely receive heavy sentence. The yacht ' Hamlet's Ghost' has been sold for two hundred (?) We learn that a supplementary mail is likely to be made up by the Black Swan, which leaves this on Wednesday morning ; as Captain Hirst is confident of being in ample time to catch the ocean steamer before her departure from Sydney on Saturday. There will therefore be an additional opportunity, up to this evening, for completing correspondence for Europe. About twenty Polynesians, mostly from Rawbelle Station, have come into Mary borough, en route for Brisbane, their agree ments having been cancelled by Mr. Bligh, P.M., at Gayndah, in consequence of some dis pute about rations, &c.;, with their employer. They have taken up their quarters in two un occupied cottages, and are awaiting the depar ture of the steamer, from which it is to be inferred that they have money in their posses sion. We are informed that a late in-patient of the Hospital managed, by stating that she had ' only a few shillings,' to impose upon the good-nature of a gentleman resident in the town, who subscribed to- the funds of the insti tution so that he might be enabled to give her a ticket. This took place about three weeks ago. Since then it was ascertained beyond a doubt that the patient was possessed of money ; aud a demand was made according to the rules for payment, and this being refused, the com mittee of the hospital at their last sitting, de termined that she should either pay or leave the place. On being infoianed of this, on Tuesday last she signed a money order and handed it to the wardsman, but on the day following she managed surreptitiously to tear her signature off, and then took her departure. The following information respecting the operations carried on at the Central Sugar Mills, Upper Mary, has been placed at our dis posal for publication. The quantity of sugar made since the commencement of the season is 129 tons 10 cwt. Of rum, the pro duction has already reached 160 lihds, all 'of which has been raised 30- to 32' otp.j with the exception of some shipped to Melbourne, which was only 10' o.p. Concerning the latter, to which it refers, a recent issue of the Austral asian has the following : — ' We notice the ar rival of a shipment of twenty hogsheads of Queensland-made rum, ten per cent o.p., con signed to Messrs. Bright Brothers and Co., of this. city. The quality has been tested, and pronounced equal to some of the best imported brands ; the parcel will be offered by public sale in a day or two. Sgme interest ought to be attached to this shipment, not merely be cause of its being colonial ly made, but on ac count of its also being manufactured from Queensland grown sugar.' The distillery wil] probably continue in operation throughout the year, although the season for manufacturing sugar has gone by. Mr. Meiklejohu's rum has met witli unqualified approval at Rockkauiptoii, Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne, as being equal to the best imported brands. Our infor mant considered the usual estimate of 500 acres as tlie extent of sugar cultivation on tlie Mary, too low, and estimates it at 700, irre spective of the lands occupied by the Sugar Company, who have 200 acres under cane. The whole of this is expected to be fit for crushing next season. If instead of 900 acres, the assumed area be only 600 acres, this, on an average of two tons per acre, would give a gross annual production of 1200 tons, repre senting, at the low estimate of £30 per ton, a total value of £36,000 as the contribution of ? this new industry to the wealth of our district. The crop now in jn'ogress is likely to prove an unusually heavy one, the canes being already as far advanced as they were in April last year. Since our last Thursday's issue the only case before the Police Court has been that of Thomas Coonan v. W. Ring, on Friday last, for assault, in which great provocation having been proved, defendant was fined os. and costs ; but Mr. Lyons, who appeared on behalf of de fendant, objecting to pay costs on the ground that the summons had been issued to com plainant without the usual fee being charged, the Police Magistrate waived the costs. In the course of the proceedings a good deal of un seemly wrangling took place between the Police Magistrate and Mr. Lyons (the attorney for the defence), the latter objecting to the Police Magistrate admitting as evidence of the assault certain abusive language alleged to have been used by defendant, whereupon the Police Magistrate lost his temper, aud said he would not be dictated to, and would not be bullied ; at which Mr. Lyons got angry, aifd replied that he would do his duty, aud would not be intimidated. The re sult was a drawn battle, each party expressing a determination to maintain all the rights, privileges, and the dignity of his respective office, A late Adelaide telegram states that a des patch has been received from the Duke of Buckingham, recommending- that no further expenses be incurred by the Australian colo nies in the reception of the Duke of Edinburgh. We are not informed whether the 'prohibition extends to Queensland ; in which case it is presumed that the Duke will himself pay for a first-class ticket to Joudaryan. As an instance of the tendency of new in dustries to foster and develop others, we may mention that Messrs. Walker and Co., of the Union Foundry, have found the fire-bricks made by Mr. Julin from Maryborough clay, to stand the action of the fire better than any imported article of the same kind. As a con siderable demand is likely to arise for these bricks at the galena smelting works about to be put up at Yarrol, as weU as at the various engine-furnaces on the surrounding goldfields, Maryborough is likely to reap a substantial benefit from the possession of so useful a mate rial. Me. Feeeston has addressed the following to the editor of the Gympie Times : — ' Sir, — In looking over your paper of January 7th, especi ally the stieking-up of the Gympie mail, it is stated that on leaving the coach I made use of the following words to the man with the re volver, ' It is not me who fired, I have no re volver so far that is quite true, but as to saying, 'It was him inside,' pointing to Mr. King, 'and kept on repeating words to that effect,' a baser calumny never was uttered ; whoever said it, is neither more nor less than a downright lie. I am positive I never uttered those words, or anything like them.' Every in cident in connection with the affair respecting myself is too strongly impressed on my memory to make a mistake in this matter. Trusting to your impartiality to give this publicity, I am, Sir, yours faithfully, J. Fbeeston. George street, Sydney, January 15, 1869.' In a letter similar purport to the S. M. Herald, Mr. Freeston makes the foUowing statement: — ' When I got out of the coach the bushranger said, ' Where's the red-whiskered fellow that fired the revolver ?' I evaded the question as far as possible by replying, ' It was not me that fired, I have no revolver,' or words to that effect.' The S. A. Advertiser seems to think that Sir James Fergusson will have a pretty large establishment indeed, as many as sixteen ser vants have already arrived, exclusive of four children of his coachman. Government House will therefore be pretty full. pour or gve 0f Sir J ames' servants are now in Government House ; the remainder at an hotel in town. A Black Morgan.— The Yetman, M'lutyre River, correspondent of the Maitland Mercury has it from unquestionable authority that within the last ten or twelve days the abori ginal murderer Charley Lode has robbed seve ral huts, committed rape on two women, and shot a blackfellow in the shoulder : and to use words something like those of his informant, black or white, civilian or non-civilian, nearly every one seems to be afraid of the fellow, and those who are supposed to exert themselves most in the suppression of bushranging actu ally do the least. The following paragraph, copied from the Qourier of Tuesday, is sufficiently suggestive of the present state of commercial prosperity in the South : — Considerable excitement was observable in Queen'street yesterday, occa sioned by the contention that has been going on for the past few days between the Official Assignee in the insolvent estate of Messrs. Haughton and Co. and Mr^ S. Thompson, the holder of a bill of sale over the stock-in-trade lately held by that firm. When we wrote the paragraph which appeared in yesterday's Courier about the affair, some bailiffs en gaged by Mr. Thompson were in triumphant possession of the goods and premises, they having ejected Mr. Miskin's men on Satur day. Yesterday, however, Mr. Miskin applied for and obtained a warrant for the arrest of the four men who had been the leaders in the ejection of bis bailiffs, and the police entered the premises accordingly in the evening, and took them into custody. Their names are John Maunsell, James Cuddetry, John Gal lagher, and James O'Keefe, and they stand charged ' with receiving and obtaining pro perty belonging to the insolvent estate of Charles Haugliton, such property bavins been previously and then attached by J. E O'Brien, messenger of the Supreme Court in its insol vency jurisdiction, under a warrant issued by the said Court.' They were bailed out soon after their arrest, and the case against them will be heard by Mr. Massie at the police office this morning. Up to a late hour last night, a crowd was assembled in front of the premises whioh were the scene of the conten tion, apparently in anticipation of further dis turbance, but of course none occurred. Me. Atkin, M.L A. — It is currently re ported in Brisbane that Mr. Atkin is certain to be unseated, and that Mr. Fvfe will be the member for Clermont, that isj if he should not be disqualified, for the same reason as Mr. Atkin, namely, by his name not being on any electoral roll in the colony. We believe, however, that Mr. Fyfe's name is either on the Port Curtis or Leichardt District roll as a leaseholder under the Crown. We have tbe above upon good authority, and we hope it may be the case, because we see that so many of the Clermont electors are dissatisfied with their present representative. — N. Argus. Run Fencing. — As one proof of the advisa bility of fencing, we may mention that Mr. W. G. Walker, of Fort Cooper South, has lately fenced in his run, and divided it into several paddocks. There are at present about 40,000 sheep on the run, which formerly took from 15 to 20 shepherds to look after, whereas they are now fully guarded by some four or five South Sea Islanders, who are employed as boundary riders. The fences are composed of posts thirty feet apart, through which run seven wires, with intervening braces ; the sheep are thriving wonderfully well, and their fleeces when sborn were found to be in a great measure free from dirt. The wethers, ewes, lambs, and rams are all in different paddocks; this perfect classification, of course, acts in the moat satisfactory manner; the surroundina: squatters are about following the example set by Mr. Walker. — N. Argus. A correspondent of the Cleveland Bay Express, writing from Cardwell, on the 21st ultimo, furnishes the following account of a suicide lately noticed in our telegraphic column : — 'A most distressing case of suicide has just occurred in our quiet, humdrum, little town. Tbe unfortunate man was known by the name of Thomas Woodman, and had been in the service of Messrs. Scott Bros-, and Co. for some years, the last two or three in responsible positions. He left their employ last August, and, after spending some short time here, finding that he could get no engagement, he went to the Cape River Gold fields, from whence he returned on December 13th. For a few days previous to bis death he appeared to be very restless and low spirited ; he was in the habit of going into the bush early in the morning and remaining absent the whole day. Yesterday morning a | boy (son of Mr. J. Dallachy) was out looking for horses, when about midday be came upon the dead body of Woodman, about 150 yards from the constable's house. He was lying on his side, stretched out full length, and under one band was his revolver, with two chambers empty. One of them, however, must have been discharged some time previously, as on examination he was found to have but one wound. The bullet had entered at the left eye, and passed out behind and above the right ear. Death must have been almost in- 1 stantaneons. A half empty bottle of spirits was lying near him.' A will was found among the deceased man's papers, which left no doubt ol his determination to commit suicide. 