LEAVES FROM OUR NOTE-BOOK A pamphlet has been published in England by a Mr. William Gibb, showing bow it is prac- <*> ticable to effect a Large saving in the collection of Customs duties. Mr. Gibb's plan is in opera- tion at Manchester, where the cost of collection is only 90s. per cent ; the cost of collection throughout tbe United Kingdom averaging £3 9s. 4d. per cent. An important esse has recently occupied the attention of the lawfinni- fa- in Kn__t r nA Some ice merchants in Hull ?recently tek-gnpbed to * London 6rm offering to take a cargo of ice at 235\. per ton. The telegraph cleric in London misread the message, and copied tbe price at 275\. per ton. Tbe ice was duly shipped to Hull, where it was refused except at 235. Tbe error being that of the Telegraph Company, the shipper sued that body for tiie balance, and tbey defend tiie action on tbe ground that one of their printed conditions is that "The Com pany will not be responsible for mistakes or de lays in the transmission of or tbe son-de livery of unrepeated messages, from what ever cause arising." Tbis is resisted as con trary to the first princijilfs of fair <I?—ling The Judges have reserved tbeir decision ; but as it has been ruled in tbe cases of railway and canal companies that conditions wbich ate not "just and reasonable** cannot be enforced, it is expected that tiie Telegraph Company will bs beid responsible for the error of tbeir Ben*—at. There has been some talk in eilgineering circles of a ship canal through Ireland, bat we have not yet met with descriptive details of tfae pro ject. If practicable, such a canal would vastly benefit the Atlantic trade of Liverpool, not co much in tbe saving of distance as of time, by the avoidance of tbe delays of tbe Channel, and of risk, by escaping the rocky Welsh and Irish coasts, tbe occasion of co much loss oi property and life. It would also confer im mense mateiial benefits upon Ireland. Ou tbe Ist of April last tbe new Act came into force wbich compels all -railway trains to provide the means of instant cooimmruestioti between the whole of tbe passenger carriage! and the guards. Various plans have been pal upon trial, and tbe best will no doubt be ulti mately adopted for aU the lines, as uniformity in tbis respect is very desirable. We commend this matter to tbe notice of oar own railway authorities. One of tfae grandest It—sonic ceremonisls evor witnessed took place in April last in Lon don, on the occasion of the dedication of tba new grand hall in Great Qiieen-street by the Host Worshipful the Grand Master of *_-sot_ in England—the Earl of Zetland. Tbe pro ceedings were imposing almost beyond prece dent, the Grand Blaster, when enthroned, be-m-_ surrounded by more than 1,000 officers ol Lodges from all parts of tfae United Kingdom. The new grand hull i? — —??_??nitWra-^. t-.ilAin lb. Scott Russell, the Vice-Pnt- iaent af tix Institution of Naval Architects, has been con demning in very severe terms tne acco-uaoda tion—or, rather, tiie want ci >-?•??-?*---J^t-m— to -which passengeni between ?n__-l?*?d and France aire subjected. He say? tfae transport ci civilised human beings between Great Brit—n and France ia to the enr-iserj nations." He represents tfae traffic between Calais and Dover as frequently exettnp—f_rmf some of the wont features tbat have haon tie tared of tfae African slave trade. "A hn-rrb-e-i or a couple ot hundred t—_n and women _n huddled under decks in a pestiferous —taws phere, where tbere is neither room for cot-fort, rest, ventilation, desaliness, nor health. Fiftj delicate refined women are sometimes jamase-i into a cell where tfaey have just room to nit ea tbe floor." Tbis is a melaucholy pictuie, cer tainly. By tfae C-Ufornian Mercantile Gazette vn notice that the attention of a_ricultnrists ii being directed to tfae cultivation of a planl called tbe fi—nue, aspecies of thistle which b said to be very hardy, and easy of production. "It is susceptible of being propagated from cuttings, like the vine, is perennial, and yieldi three or four crops a year, at tbe rate of S.OTN pounds per acre, and readily 231 dollars per ton on tbe spot. Tfae threads pro duced from the plant are Itu-ger, silkier, an-i stronger than cotton, and when mixed witb cotton or wool produce a brilliant, beautiful fabric, -superior to either of the others alone, and when mttnnfartm-ed by itself resemble tin finest grades of poplin." The Sydney Morning Herald, writing upon tfae Besi Property Act of that colony, wbich ii similar to ears, expresses an opinion that tht reason tfae principle ia not more generallj adopted is to be found in tiie opposition of tht legal profession; and tbis, it is stated, basms-b tbe system, although established in ta—_?!?-?* " very nearly a dead-letter" there. .In Melbourne an effort is being made by tfae Jews to render assistance to tbe inhabitants ol Western Russia, near tfae Prussian frontier-. The condition of these people appears to be sotnething frightful—fever and f-mit,A are doing their deadly work. It is said tfaat " whole families forsake their huts in manors and wander hungry, shivering from frost, Uke walking corpses, from one place to another, until tfaey finally break down, and in many in stances gasp tbeir last on tiie public roads." Certainly; the state of these poor creatures is such as t*? call forth tfae commiseration and charity of the benevolent! Referring to the presents made by His Boyal High -nest- Prince Alfred, Melbourne Punch states tfaat tfae inscriptions upon them wfl have to be alte ed from "Presented by His Royal Highness to " Voted by tbe BritLh Par liament. '* Punch winds np with tbis observa tion—"What a hard prosaic age tbis is, and how the poetry is continually being trt^-ked out of the pretty little transactions of one's dusty life." The New Zealand papers, in cata loguing tiie Duke's presents in tbat colony, does so " for tiie information of j tiie British taxpayer !*' The Melbourne Age of a late date raproacbes Victoria for not having done something worth •speaking of to_i-_prove the navigation of tfae Murray. The!-rticle states tbat audi a depth of water 'could be —liTitainrtfl in the river as would permit of navigstion 'tiuoogbov t the year, and alleges tbat tfae money in intssnj £_. tiie purpose would be bond ao insuperable diffi culty. It wtu pointed out tfaat, UH we *#!_ -toriaos are really in ear-nest fat wishing to de velop oar -t-t-reources here is one ef tfae best of -&*-??—?—?———?————B————————___—?__?————bb—a tbem, foil of premise, and which, few aa expen diture not excessive, tatty be made a vehicle of large -traffic aad 'Use etopendous treservoir for tbe irrigation of an extensive country. We have tact to create, onhy to i-on-rave; -sot to a-iake, but perfect; aad there appears no reason wliy the initiatory steps ahould not be token for the prosecution of tbe work." Sericulture is commanding coaader-ble atten tion in New South Wales, aod what is now -requisite, it appears, to add tbat as one of tbe industries of the colony is knowledge—know ledge of tiie best kind of worm to procure and of bow to -rear-age tbe talk. We observe that tbe Scientific Committee of the Agricultural Society have directed tfae Secretary to com municate with the Sflk Supply Association for tbe purpose of obtaining inform—tion regarding the aperies of worms best adapted to tbe colony, and the proper food for tbem; to ascertain whether they would -ndertoke to find a market for cocoons and acquaint tbe Committer- witb the price such products ww—ld command ; and farther to learn if tbe Aauoeia tion w<t-uM assist by set-ling out some qualified pet-son to visit tbe districts wbeie sericulture could be carried on, and carefully explain every operation to the people advocating attention to the pursuit, ao aa to ensure success. Tbe Sydney Morning Herald, -H-^ing to theaerioas decline in the quantity of talk produced ia Europe, remarks:—"Surely Mew South Wales may pocket some prut of the pt-emiam ottered to those silk growers wbo shall set at work the now silent looms of France, England, and Italy, and afford to tboaaa-ds now tx-ggmg it the means of "-"?;"_ tbeir daily bread." In aa article entitled ''Matoematics v. Christiauil-y,*' in a recent issue of the A ustralian Churchman, the beads of the Univer-_y of Cambridge are c-t-adenuted in no measured terms for having allowed Mr. Har-tog, a gentie maa of Hebrew birth and religion, to —ttoin the position of Senior Wrangler of that University. The writer m-infa ins that tbeir action in this matter shows they-regard Mr. Hartog' s mathe matical talents as of " more -raine tbaa the char-ster for Christianity and for truth of tbe University of Cambridge.*' He points ont tha* tiie founders of tbis seat of laming bequeathed to posterity an Institution for adv-oring tbe growth of "teaming as an aid teCbristiaaity ;" that they looked upon the "faith of Christ cruci fied" as a * most holy faith." ami tbat they en deavored to use the talent entrusted to them aa tbey best might by in/w.?i-__ toe number of •sharers in that most holy faith, and this by enabling men "to give a reas-m for the hope that is in them.** The article concludes with these words.-—" While we pity Mr. Hartog, our feelings become those of mournful indigna tion when we think of those learned men wbo have been bid away by tbe * philosophy, falsely so called,' of the —nti-Christian liberalism to a breach of the solemn and important trust be queated to tbem by Christian mm of old, *in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost—God blessed for ever.'" Tbe Victorian Connty Courts Act is said to have worked so well tbat an extension of its powers bas been deemed desirable, and a Uifl which is now before Parliament proposes to grant tbe County Court an equitable jurisdic tion in claims up to £500, and in probate and administration to the extent of —'300 ; while in unison witb tbe forthcoming Insolvency Act it will make the Judges of these County Courts local Comt—issionera of Insolvency in their re spective districts. The Independence Beige contains a long article upon the Pope's letter to the Archbishop of Paris condemnatory of Freemasonry. But the pith of tbe article consists of a st—tement to the effect that Pio Nono was himself many years a_o made a Freemason. j 