ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Jaques.—'Will yon ring? , Ami6ns.—More at your request than to please myself. —Shakspeare. I snppose that you never tried to make bricks without straw,—you are above such vulgar methods of earning your bread. Yet I assure you it is fated to many of us to labour —metaphorically, of course—after this fashion. For example, on this occasion I have to turn out my legitimate tale of bricks—I am a slater by profession—and I have not a morsel of straw with which to work. There has been nothing new during the week, unless, in deed, we may accept a change of Hellerian and Wes Ionian programme for novelty. Weston's is the sort of place to which one goestobe amused. As I have said before, there are bounds to mental elevation, and though Shakspeare is very well, one may have too much of him. A man cannot live on guava jelly, and one gets tired even of elevation! 1 am snre that of late I have been elevated—mentally, I mean—so high, and so often, that I began to have grave doubts as to my ever coming down again. "Hamlet" is a wonderful work of genius, and one upon which it behoves a critic to speak with authority, and in accordance with Gervinus; but even partridge grows tiresome by repetition, mid so does " Hamlet." 1 have seen Hamlet played by little men mid big men, and short men and tall men, and whispering men and ranting men, until -I am fairly sick of him. I have seen an English Hamlet, and an Irish Hamlet, and a Fretioh Hamlet, and a Scotch Hamlet, and a German Hamlet. I have seen him played by old4hen, and young men, and middle-aged men. ^1 have seen him even played by ladies. I hMe seen him "impersonated," "eiecuied." "murdered," "delineated," and "intelli gently rendered." I have seen him with all sorts of "readings." I have seen him fall on bis knees, on his hands, and flat on his back. I have seen him do everything, in fact, but stand on his bead; and I have no doubt but that, if I live long enough, I shall see him do j that. Now, as I am an average person. arid hold average opinions, I presume that other people have been surfeited as well as I, and that I am not singular in my sickness.' I am confirmed in my impression by seeing the crowded houses obtained by Messrs. Weston and Heller. Peoplecannotbe always breathing their tragic vein—to parody Hood—and a little fbllF is refreshing. At Weston's, for instance, there is nothing to elevate you, hut you come away—at least I did—with a frantic desire to laugh madly at the most ordinary .affaire of life, and eschewing serious business fen: ever, to at once buy a pair of brass-heeled shoes and dance eternal break-downs to the music of sweet lutes. Old gentlemen with purple noses and money in the bank will sometimes fall into stertorous reminiscences after dinner about Taglioni and the "poetry of motion." I have never seen Taglioni, but I understand that she was not in the leapt like Mr. Kelly who dances ait the New Opera house. However, if there is any poetry in I am sure that Mr. Kelly must be a poet of some considerable ability,, for the way ,ia which he disjoints his limbs at will and imps the floor with an ap parently boneless toe is something mar velous. I never fully comprehended the meaning of "shaking a looseleg" until I saw Mr. Kelly. Scarcely less excellent in. thp> anatomical exposition of. mental pharie mena-^Mvdoh the phrase, I have it onlhe beet authority—is Mr. Holly, who, going everywhere but where he apparently should got always-manages, cat-like, to fall <m his feet at the fight monmntaudto catch the melody inexactlythe right place. As for the singing; that hap been criticised before. For my part, X tike the jolly bone- ratttiug, tam honrineHBpimung choruses the best. These laments for lost Nellies and departed JLfiUles are very pretty, bat they are always sung at nuehatf Impossible pitch that it becomes pain ful to listea to them, and I trust Mr. Her man will exeese me telling him that I oould not enjoy his song the least in the Worid, because I expected every moment that hewsotildbreak something high up in his fwpd jqnrf hecarried oat fainting by Bones and Tamboiirioe. By the way, the manner in wirfcfciltesre. Hussey and Kelly look at each other whim their jokesmisifire, or the nsram^ is rifther comicaL.lt may be dope op porpo6e*-a p.**t«idBd quarrel is , what, is texmrid'"gpbd 1 believe—hat if so, it to weiy riiefufto done indeed. I . thought as I looked at them of a negro story, the plot of which should torn upon the existence of a 1 T deadly feud between the Bones and the {Tambourine. M. Victor Hugo, with his craze for analogy, would make something out of it. "Ghosts this Time," a new song by Mr. Hussey, did not affect me much. But Mr. Hussey is a born comedian, and yon must laugh at him. Mr. Bainford's song of Death "Gathering them in" was power ful, and was encored. "The Black Statue" is the old ballet story of the lover taking the place of a statue in order to win his mistress, burlesqued by means of burnt cork. Hussey and Kelly were very much alike in excellence, especially Hussey, and Mr, Campbell as the old wife was most ludicrous. Mr. Heller still draws crowded houses, and he deserves all the success he gets. His tricks ' are not always new, but they are all so neatly executed that tbey come upon one with all the charm of novelty. Moreover, he possesses in a great degree the happy faculty of inter weaving his illusions, so that before you have recovered from the effect produced by one deception, another grows out of it, and Pelion is piled upon Ossa. The second sight business, about which so much wild argument has arisen, is as open to argu ment as ever. The ingenious theories of highly cultivated memory, clever knack of taking presented objects of a common kind in pre-arranged order, and conveyance of a clue by means of specially-worded ques tions, 'all fail to solve the mystery. Per haps Mr. Heller happily blends the three methods together, or, perhaps, the ex planation is so simple that if it was pven you would laugh it to scorn. Con juring tricks are all as simple as possible— when you know them, and I suspect that the acute theorists on the ** Heller mystery" are on as wrong a tack as was Edgar Poe's de tective when he made his elaborate search for the pnrloined letter, instead of going to the card-rack and taking it out. If you put your hat on your head, you kuow, you put it exactly where you can't see it, and the safest refuge for au escaped prisoner is in the gaoler s own house, for wiseacres never dream of lookng there. Mr. Heller's piano forte playing did not strike me as anything wonderful; perhaps he is keep ing his best point to finish his with. A good " exit" is as important as a good entrance." Speaking of exit and entrances reminds me that Mr. Heller is a very excellent actor. The piano practice of a boarding school girl, was a very pretty piece of panto mime indeed. The latest novelty is the speaking head, that is tosay, a sculptured head which talks after the fashion of the physician Doubain in the "Arabian Nights." The i head of Miss Heller appears on a table, ! underneath which the audience imagine they j can see, and talks. By and by it is covered j with abrown-paper bag, and lo! it is gone. The entertainment, as a whole, is better than any thing of the kind I have seen here. At the Royal the Duvalli sisters constitute I no small part of the attraction, and their dancing is received with undiminished ap plause. The burlesque has been improved by *ome introduced localisms. Burlesques written for a London audience need some such adventitious aid, for the music-hall songs which would be instantly recognised by the patrons of Messrs. Brongh and Byron, are unknown to as of the antipodes; and. as somebody said of the Surrey melodrama, a successful burlesque should "Come 'ome to the 'arts and 'omee of hall of us." However, I have no doubt bnt that Joan of Arc will serve its turn, and, by force of Stewart and Harwood, tide over the management until Christmas, when the "House that Jack Built,'' by the iwpyhana«nu Akburst, willbeproduced.Mr. Akhnretismlso theauthorof" JackSheppard, "the Haymarket pantomime, in which, as I understand, Mfoq Bentley will take the principal part This lady has been somewhat hardly d«alt with by the critics, whether justly or not I don't know, as I have only seen her play a very small part in Joan, in which she was rather good than otherwise, bnt I hope that she will mend her ways, if they need mending, and make the most of her chance at the Hay Bast night that very deserving actor, Mr. Ireland, took his benefit The first piece was "The Jealous Wife," in which Mrs. Vincent by deaire, played Lady Oakley. "The Jealous Wife" is one of those charming old-school pieces which are brimful of wit and «pftrfri;»g with_ epigram, are the glory of actors, the dw*bfc of critics, mod—don't draw a PfinnJr- I j® afraid that hag-wig comedy fr « dead as Queen Anne or Harry WHdmr. I am glad to say, however, wot there was an excellent house, and Wat the Principal performers' were called before the curtain at the end of eachact uMtt. VIn cent has made a success in Lady&kJey; 8o often here, that praise would fluous. She was as excelfon^ jls nsuaL and if she bad not spoUt Tare Hlusion of a whole score by wearing a modem hah would hare been more excellent still. Her burets of jealousy and spleen, alternated py fits of tenderness and genuine pfwafon kept the audience in a simmer of de «gbt, and she bore off more than half the honours when the curtain fell, Mr- Iwlflod, as Oakley, was shove contempt and toade the most of the situations. He was specially good in the scene with Harriet Basset and his sudden breakage from bond age In the last act was rendered with a strong sense of humour. For the rest-as is usually the case on benefit nights-nobody knew more of their parte than they could convo nientifhelp, apd the blank verse sadly halted for it Miss Jnno played Lady Freeloye (in the Absence of Mrs, Wooldridge) with spirit and Mr. Stewart made the tpopt of Trinket After the conclusion of the piece, Mr. Ireland thanked the audience for their patronage in a very neat and sensible speech and Wen .reqited:."Parrbadpa" I detest recitations,: especially onthe stage, but I must admit that Mr. Ireland recites with such elegance, and accuracy -of intonation, taafi iut almost reconciled its u> the practice, find 1 could bear him "speakapiece" again with much pleasure. As for the "piece "itself, it is written by that agreeable twaddler, N. P. Willis, and bears outward and visible signs of that in ward and spiritual grace which distinguished the American Tnpper. Parrhasius was painter who—according to Lempriere—had some useless old man put to the torture for the purpose of painting his dying agonies, and the " piece" describes the sensa tions of the artist while the old gen tleman is expiring. Parrhasius seemed to think that the end justifies the means, and that his victim should be as delighted as was De La Fontaine's goose, when it was plucked alive in order to glorify the chief cook. There is some sense in the notion, I confess, for to be killed by a genius is more glorious than to be saved by a fool. Calzac murdered a good many respectable dotards, but then he embalmed them. The mischief of it is that in these days of uni versal scribbling one may get morally slaugh tered by some literary booby who can't em balm. Some folks have just wit enough to I knock out other people's brains. It may be grand to be flayed by Apollo, but fancy being j skinned by N. P. Willis. However, I sup- J pose my business is with the actor, not the i auihor, and I have great pleasure in congratu- I la ting Mr. Ireland on a benefit which I trust ! was as satisfactory to him as it was to the audience. AMIENS. 