News of the Week. reports of the Gilbert River gold-fields, " that it is very extensive—men making from £10 to £20 a week." We may safely conclude, there fore, that the Gilbert is a really rich and ex tensive field. The hon. member for Maryborough certainly gave the Government and the Speaker a lesson on June 2, when he succeeded in proving that the Gold-Fields Bill had not been introduced in accordance with constitutional usage, and caused it to be discharged from the paper. Legislation on a very important subject is in consequence postponed, but it ought to do such an " old stager" as Mr. Macalister some good to be thus drilled into a knowledge of Parliamen tary procedure which he should long ago have learned. It was a pity, for Mr. Walsh's credit sake for astuteness, that he should, the very same day, have pushed the same tactics to such an entire failure, when he tried to get rid of the Immigration Bill in the same way, and persuaded the Speaker to agree with him. He made a mistake that nothing but the elation of his victory in the early part of the day could have driven him into. The House and the Speaker, too, after hearing Mr. Lilley's very forcible explana tion on this subject, was oblicged to admit that the Immigration Bill was not open to the technical objection which got rid of the Gold fields Bill. When Mr. Walsh, or any other member, stands up for the observance of Con stitutional and Parliamentary practice, good service is done, and though we do not regret the defeat in the latter instance of the hon. member for Maryborough, we hope he will coiv tinue to look closely after the privileges of the Parliament, and, in the absence of a second lawyer from the House, take care that Mr. Lilley and his colleagues do not violate the Constitution. BelVs Life in Sydney says that Mr. T. King has sailed for China, in the Scythia, taking with htm the racehorses North Australian and Karoola. There will, consequently, be some difficulty of bringing home the charge against Bond, committed for sticking-up the mail-coach between Gympie and Brisbane, a month or two ago, aud wounding one of the passengers—Mr. King being the only one who could give direot evidence of the identity of the prisoner. At the departure of the Balclutha, ss., for the northern ports on June 1, a large crowd assembled to see their friends off. Besides the saloon passengers, 48 tickets for the steerage were issued in Brisbane, which, with those shipped in Sydney, made 121 in all, and in 1 order that none should go on board without 1 first having obtained tickets, the ship was \ cleared and none admitted without producing ] their ticket. One individual, who is known to the police as a " magsman," Anglice " card sharper," was very pertinacious in his endea vours to get on board. Though he had been thrust back several times, ho made a rush on board as soon aB the stage was cleared prepara tory to being drawn ashore. His attempt was, however, frustrated by the chief officer, who collared him as soon as he stepped on board, and forced him on shore again. The " mags* man " made some resistance, but the presence 1 of several of the steamer's crew put an effectual stop to anything like a fight. With the ex ception of the person alluded to, the crowd were very orderly, and seemed rather to regard the ejectment from the steamer as a joke than otherwise. We have received a sample of paper from the Liverpool Paper Company, New South Wales, and have much pleasure in finding that bo ex cellent an article is manufactured in these colonies. It is rather heavier than the English paper we are at present using, but it is equally well dressed, and possesses as much toughness. We believe the Sydney Mail and Herald are 1 at present being printed on this colonial-made paper. It is most gratifying to find new in dustries and manufactures taking hold in these colonies, and pushing out of the market, as they should do, the foreign article. We shall be glad to see the Liverpool Paper Company, New South Wales, go ahead. A German named Edward Winter, other wise known as Henry Berghoffer, was arrested at Boggo, on June 2, on a warrant charged with shooting at one John Gaynor. It seems that the two parties are neighbors, but not neigh borly, and on Sunday last Berghoffer and Gaynor met and quarrelled. Berghoffer had a gun with him, which he fired at Gaynor. After the discharge of the gun Gaynor attacked Berghoffer, and seemingly gave him rather the worst of the encounter, as he wounded him in two or three places about the face and head. A special general meeting of the members of the Brisbane Volunteer Fire Brigade was held on June 3, at the Town Hall, His Worship the Mayor in the chair. There were twenty-three members who attended. A letter was read by Captain Verney, which he had received from the various Fire Insurance Companies, stating their unwillingness to provide the money to pay the expenses of the recent action, " Byrne v. Verney," out of the funds voted for the main tenance of the brigade. Mr. Forrest, as the representative of several Fire Insurance Com panies, stated that the funds had been voted for the express purpose of maintaining the brigade, and were not intended in «ny way to defray the cost of law proceedings. A resolution by Cap tain Verney, to the following effect, was passed, —" That, having heard the opinions of the In surance Companies in a full meeting of the brigade, His Worship the Mayor be requested to bring before the Town Council the following notice: —' That this Council do pay the expenses of the late action, and also hand over to the brigade the sum of £100, as already voted to it as this year's contribution.' " The following figures show the traffic on the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending May 29: —Passengers, £273 15s. 6d.; parcels, £12 12s. lid.; miscellaneous, £25 89. 10d.; goods, £1116 lls. 5d.; total, £1428 Bs. Bd. Tbs following is a return of the out-door relief for the week ending May 27:—Widows 48, children 129; infirm through old age, men 7, women 16 ; deserted wives 11, children 28; families relieved on account of sickness, men 25, women 28, children 98; families relieved — father seeking work up country, women 9, children 28. Total, men 32, women 112, children 283. The Taroom correspondent of the Burnett Argus says—•' A man named John Nicholas O'Brien has been swept away in the prime of life by " colonial fever,*' which seems so attached to our district that within the last three months it has taken from our midst no less than six or seven people, all of whom were single men. O'Brien, who had been lately employed on Mr. Yaldwyn's station, and was much respected by his employer, was taken bad three or four weeks ago while on the station, and was there after sent into town in a cart and left in an un occupied hut, as our publicans declined to " take him in" for fear his disease might be contagious. But sergeant Hill, not knowing, whether the unfortunate had a penny or not, very humanely took the matter in his own hands, and provided the poor fellow with medi cal attendance and necessaries. Next day Mr. Dunn sent the sufferer a cheque for about £40 for work performed. The cheque *as handed over to the sergeant, and after the expenses in curred had been deducted the balance will go the Curator of Intestate Estates. Deceased was born iv Limerick, and was about 20 or 25 years of age." Ah Tono was charged before the Police Ma gistrate, at Gympie, on May 31, with being a rogue and a vagabond.—Benjamin Rit'enberg deposed that he conducted the business of Messrs'. Wendt and Hollander, watchmakers and jewellers, of Gybrpie^ pVisoner came to the shop at 7 o'clock on Saturday evening, and afterwards at 9 o'clock; on the latter occasion prisoner said, " I want to buy two ounces of gold;" after further conversation witness weighed the gold, and placed it in prisoner's chamois leather bag, and received £6 14s. in payment for it; directly afterwards Inspector Lloyd came in and arrested the prisoner; th". gold was afterwards weighed, and it was found that the amount (supposed to be two ounces) weighed, in the same scales, about two ounces and ten pennyweights; a piece of lead and wax which the prisoner had used to Btick on to the weight scale was then added to the weights, and it exactly balanced the quan tity of gold; the prisoner was in the habit of coming to deal in gold, and generally pur chased a watch-key or some other trifling arti cle, for the purpose of distracting witness' attention; in a transaction about a fortnight previously witness noticed that there was some thing wrong with the gold scales, but could not actually detect anything; of late the gold account and the cash would not balance, the gold being short of the amount sup posed to have been purchased.—lnspec tor Lloyd deposed that on the evening in question he was outside Wendt and Hollander's shop; he saw prisoner go inside and present last witness with an apple ; prisoner appeared to be wiping one of the scales with a cloth; whilst in the act he took something from the under side of the scales (witness could not see what and put it in his pocket); witness went in, closed the door, and arrested him ; the piece of cobbler's wax and lead was found in his pocket; he was taken to the lock-up ; the gold was afterwards weighed, found to be in excess of two ounces ; the marks of wax were found at the bottom of one of the scales. Prisoner was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, with hard labor, in Brisbane Gaol. We are informed that one or two of our storekeepers who at first considered the audacious fraud, of which Messrs. Wendt and Hollander were the victims, " a capital joke," have lately viewed the matter in a more serious light. This may be accounted for by the fact that, on a suggestion being made to them yesterday morn ing, they examined their gold scales, and found the marks of cobbler's wax on them. It cer tainly appears very probable that this rogue, Ah Tong, after purchasing gold from Messrs. Wendt and Hollander, thereby makiag a splen did though fraudulent profit, doubled his gains by selling his gold to other dealerj, and practis ing the now " celebrated wax trick " upon their gold scales. DESPATCHES from the Inspector of Police, Cape River, and from Mr. Daintree, the Government Geologist, were sent us late last night —too late for publication. They give glowing Magistrates, like other men, sometitnes need ' a gentle hint to pay attention to their duties. In the banco sitting of the Supreme Court, on j May 31, the Attorney-General obtained a rule I nisi, calling upon Messrs. R. M. Hunter, P. F. Macdonald, and T. S. Hall, Justices of the Peace in the Rockhampton district, to " show I cause" why they should not be fined in the > sum of £10 each for neglecting to attend to i summonses, requesting them to attend the last } Revision Court for the jury lists in that town. The forty-fourth section of the Jury Act of 1867, requires magistrates, when summoned, either to attend or to give a reasonable excuse for absence. Neither of these alternatives was adopted by the gentlemen named, and unless they can give some satisfactory excuse for their | neglect of the summonses, they will possibly be | called on for subscriptions to the fund for carry ing on the Government of Queensland. This is the first case yet brought under that Act, so we have no doubt that the Attorney-General will j be lenient this time. The case of the Bank of New South Wales v. Alexander and others, shareholders in the Queensland Steam Navigation Company, was commenced on May 31. There were about forty defendants, and nearly all the legal talent in the place was engaged on one side or other. At the Friday's sitting, the cases were concluded, and their Honors discharged the rule against all the defendants, with costs to those who appeared. In the case Palmer v. the Pacific Insurance Company, a verdict of £404 17s. 3d. has been awarded to the plaintiff. An addition to the Church of St. Andrew, Lutwychc, in the form of a baptistery, has just been completed. Some time ago a working stonemason intimated his intention of present* ing a stone font to the church, and after a lapse of nearly two years his labor of love, which occupied his leisure hours, was brought to a con clusion. The font, which is elaborately carved, is four feet and a half high, and is estimated to weigh about two tons. The churchwardens, therefore, determined not to place it in the body of the church, but to erect a baptistery at the west end of the church for its reception, and having obtained the requisite permission from the Bishop, a contract was entered into with Messrs. Beeston and Hall, by whom the designs of the architect, Mr. R. G. Suter, were faithfully and rapidly carried into effect. The baptistery, like the font, is octagonal, in shape, and adds greatly to the architectural merits of the church when looked at from the high road. But the effect of the interior is still more impressive, and will amply reward a visit from any lover of church architecture. The base of the font bean the following in scription :—" Presented to St. Andrew's church, Lutwyche, by George Paddle." The cost of the new building —about £35 —will be defrayed from a balance of £55 odd in the hands of the treasurer on the 31st March last. We under stand that the font will be used, for the first time, on Sunday, the 13th June next, at after noon service, which commences at half-past 3 o'clock, and parents who wish to have their children baptised on that occasion will do well by giving two or three days' notice beforehand to the churchwardens. The favorite steamship Havilah, Captain Harley, arrived at this port early on Sunday morning from Sydney, having made the passage considerably under sixty hours. The Havilah had on board a large number of passengers for the newly discovered gold-fields on the Gilbert, and started hence for Cleveland Bay—the place of debarkation —on May 31, calling at the intermediate ports. The voyageurs per Havilah are fine specimens of the material that builds up the prosperity of new countries. It is well known that travellers to the Northern Ports have been indebted to the owners of the Havilah for the comparatively moderate rates at present charged, and for this reason, the courtesy and skill of the captain, and the general good arrangements of the vessel, there is no doubt she will be largely patronised during the rush now commencing, by passengers proceeding to the diggings. A Confirmation service was held at St. John's Church on the afternoon of May 30, by the Bishop of Brisbane, the Right Rev. Dr. Tuf nell, assisted by the Venerable Archdeacon Glennie, the Rev. Mr. Sutton (St. John's), the Rev. J. Matthews (Fortitude Valley), the Rev. J.Hart (South Brisbane), the Rev. R. Moffatt (Kangaroo Point), the Rev. Thos. Jones (Wick ham-terrace), and the Rev. Mr. Clayton (War wick). The sacred rite was administered to ninety young persons, and a very eloquent and impressive address was delivered by His Lord ship on the occasion. The congregation was very large, there being about a thousand persons present to witness the interesting ceremony. The Venerable Archdeacon Glennie preached at the morning service, from the 16th chapter of St. Luke, 31st verge; in the evening the sermon was preached by the Rev. Mr. Clayton, the text being 12th chapter of Genesis, 11th and 12th verses. The congregation at both services was very large. The ball in aid of the funds of the Brisbane Grammar School has been arranged to take place on the 15th of July next. It will be given in the large hall of the institution. The price of the tickets, we are informed, will be fifteen shillings. A " rearend " dinner was given at the Prince Consort Hotel, on May 31, to the artisans and laborers employed on Mr. Hemmant's new house on Loudon's-bill. Between fifty and sixty sat down to the dinner, which was of a substantial character, and we believe (having no invitation) a very enjoyable evening was spent, WOEBE ghost stories than the following (which has the advantage of being true) have gone the rounds of the newspapers : —A family recently residing in North Brisbane were about to remove to the south side of the river, when an old matron, living not a hundred miles from the North Quay, and whose accent unmistak ably proves her to have hailed from the Eme rald Isle, cautioned one of the servants from accompanying the family, alleging that the new house was haunted. The first night in the new house passed over without the appearance of the spectre ; but in the middle of the second night, jußt "at the hoar when ghost's walk," the girl was awakened by a soft noise in the room, and the old woman's caution at once re curred to her. On opening her eyes, there, by the meagre light, she saw, to her horror, the phantom, clad, like Amina, " in robes of snowy white," stealing noiselessly across the room. The agony of mind of the poor girl may be better imagined than described. Unable to move a limb, or call for assistance, she lay in breathless terror, watching the ghost's move ments. Her fear was still further intensified, if that were possible, on perceiving the ghost steal I to her bedside, fold down the bed clothes, and I ensconce itself under the blankets. On finding j that the sprite was not ethereal, but a thing of flesh and blood, she gradually recovered her senses, when a few words explained the whole matter. It appears that her fellow-servant is a somnambulist, and had been walking about in her sleep, until the chilliness of the night sug gested the propriety of " turning in " again. A coebespondent, residing on the North Quay writes to inform us that on Saturday night, or rather between 1 and 2 o'clock on Sunday morning, he was awoke by three ,' drunken men cursing and swearing in a fearful maaner at the top of their voices. Two of them seemed to be rather more Bober than the third one, and from their keguage it was pretty cvi- j dent that these two were trying to get the > other one home. After a little time they left him to find his way as best he could, and at parting assured him that they hoped he would get drowned in the river. Our correspondent, although suffering from rheumatism, rose and | got to the river bank just in time to see the ' man roll down into the water. He jumped in ! after him, and after a great effort managed to ! get him out, but is firmly convinced that , had the man been a little soberer, both of them would have been drowned. The North Quay ■ road is said to have become rather notorious of I late for brawls and fights, and no policeman has j been seen there after nightfall for the last fire ' or six weeks. i 