THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL IN r TOOLEY-STREET. I From the Evening Journal.'] Mr. btrangways is consoled for the un timely fate of his three-and- twenty sug gestions.. The commercial travellers have comforted him for the recent emeute of the j uauueo. a.v iiaa gut a ueputauuu hi auupb bis scheme of licensing reform, and to discuss it appreciatively with him. His new friends have restored his jocularity, and brought back to his bosom the glow of universal complaisance, which can look charitably even upon, the policeman who married the publican's daughter. If only the commercial travellers had been invested with legislative authority, how pleasant it would have been to have settled the whole difficulty there and then; to have ex tinguished the unruly Justices ; determined the number of licences to be issued in each district; and appointed an Inspector to start at once on his new duties. But the commercial travellers were not legislators any more than the Justices, and as this is likely to turn out a legislative question, their opinions will only be so much more pabulum for the Legislature. As such the public is indebted to them for the trouble they have taken in waiting upon the Attorney-General It owes their suggestions a candid consideration — that is, should anything original be found in them. They have, however, no great show of originality on the surface. The half dozen resolutions which were passed at the commercial travellers' meeting in the Hamburg are mere variations on the Attorney-General's own scheme, sup plemented with a hint from Mr. Tomkinson about inspection. The pro clivities of the commercial travellers are toward a Central Bench, elected from among the Justices, specially appointed Inspectors unconnected with the police, evidence by affidavit where personal attendance is im practicable, limiting the number of licensed houses, and increasing the licence-fees. This scheme was assumed by its adapters to be essentially different from that of the Justices, and the Attorney-General encouraged them in the idea that they had greatly improved on the result of the Donnybrook discussion of the 25th May. Doubtless they had under stood the Attorney-General better, and shown more respect for his suggestions, but we cannot perceive the gulf of separation which is supposed to exist between the two policies. The Justices on the 25th May did not assume an intentionally hostile attitude toward the Attorney- General's own scheme, of which the commercial travellers' is an echo. They may not have gone through the suggestions seriatim, but that was hardly necessary. They selected its main principles, and the most important of them they adopted by implication, namely, the conversion of the Licensing Bench into a legal tribunal. The judicial process will lose none of its inherent virtue through being localized. As to the composition of the tribunal, the Justices ventured to differ from the Attorney GeneraL They decided that his reduced number of Magistrates — twelve — was still too large, that the elective principle was inapplicable, and that local Benches would be more convenient than a comtinuation o the existing centralized system. On all these points they certainly did differ from the head of their department, but Mr. Strangways has a higher appeal open to him than the commercial travellers. He may carry the question to Parliament, where, as most people now perceive, it ought to have commenced. The Licensing Magistrates' were— whether from cynical or ingenious motives it is hard to decide — invited to commit felo de se, and on refusing, they were straightway accused of mutinous designs. Mr. Strangways had 'seen by the report of the meeting held on the 25th May that the local Magistrates were in favour of having all the power transferred to them,' whereupon Mr. Strang ways had inwardly resolved that they should not have the opportunity of constituting themselves 'little gods' among the local publicans. His heart was rejoiced and his resolution strengthened when the commercial travellers came and revealed, to him their opinion that 'it was not desirable to entrust the licensing of any public-houses to Special Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, in consequence of the local influence which may be brought to bear upon them.' Mark you how indefinably vague is the terror of this sinister 'influence.' It is something to.be dreaded by all public men,. especially Magisterial persons. But how are they to be protected from it? They are exposed to local influence everyday of their lives, and in every judicial action they perform. If they cannot be trusted to issue licences judicially, how are they to be trusted on the Bench at all? Mr. Strangways has overlooked his own fundamental principle, that the Licensing Bench should in future be a legal tribunal. The Special Magistrates are credited with the ability to administer law fairly among private citizens, and what should prevent their doing as much for publicans? — or if they be distrusted, what is to prevent the usual legal checks being applied to them? And Mr. Strangways overlooks another thing— that it is not proposed to let the Special Magistrates sit alone on any licensing Bench. The local Justices would be associated with them, and would share their responsibility. A third oversight may be pointed out to the commercial travellers and their patron. These Magistrates and Justices who are suspected of being so susceptible of local influence are the very men who issue licenses now — the men who -would have to be employed on any Central Board — the men from whom Mr. Strangways proposed to select his immaculate dozen. They are, in short, the only clas3 available for the purpose, unless the Attorney-General will undertake the whole responsibility himself, and employ all his commercial friends as inspectors. The commercial travellers lay great stress on inspection, and perhaps the Justices ought to have been less summary in disposing of i that question. But their voting against it j did not imply any abstract objection to it. They assumed that with Local Benches it would be superfluous, and they may also have apprehended that the Legislature would refuse the funds for providing it. There is no incom patibility between inspection and localization. The two may still be Combined if it is thought necessary and worth the money. If men of sufficient standing and ability could be obtained, they would be valuable repre sentatives of the Government. . They could exercise a more intelligent and impartial supervision than police troopers. They could assist the local administration, and perhaps also exercise a check on the local influence, of which the commercial travellers are so suspicious. It is no question of principle whether they should be employed or not, but a question of money, and to some extent of men. . \ Notwithstanding that they preferred local Benches to the Attorney-General's immacu late dozen, and also voted down Mr. Tomkin son's inspection proviso, the Justices are not utterly at variance with the other licensing reformers. Their only absolute stipulation was for local Benches ; and apart from that, there were very few points on which har mony may not be ultimately achieved. Mb Mais.— A paragraph in ye terday morning's Begaler conveyed the erroneous impression that Mr. Mais had resigned his office of Engineerin Uhief. A glance, however, at the Gazette notice, which appeared in another part of the paper, would show that he has only resigned the General Managership of Eailways-a fact which we had already announced, and stated that Mr. C. Bonney had been appointed to the vacant post. The Railway Tabiff. - We understand it is probable the railway tarin; as published in Friday's Rtgitter, will be altered by the abolition of special class distinction in track rates, so that there will be only two rates for the U& of trucks-one for the Port, the other for the North Line— irrespective of the class of goods placed in them. Theatre Royal.— So after all it is the weather which has been to blame for the very poor houses there have recently been at the Royal. Now that it has begun to improve the show of theatre-goers follows suit. On Friday then) was such a genuine crowd as entitles us to speak again of grand fashionable nights. Mr. Musgiave, for whose benefit it had been got up, is an attraction in him self- a versatile, original, and most careful actor, individualizing everything he undertakes. 'The Octoroon,' which was made the principal part of the entertainment, uanoUier irresistible attraction. It appealed to the public on this occasion with special force, never having before been produced in the new Theatre. The delay is somewhat singular, for we never remember seeing it played to a bad house, and many is the bumper it has drawn in the times of Jefferson and Hall. The new management have been singularly chary of the Boucicault drama— possibly from a prudent regard to questionsjof copyright with Mr. Coppin. ' The Octoroon' on its first performance has proved a valuable addition to their repertoire, and should en courage them to venture a little further on the track of sensationalized history. The company is fairly adapted for it. Though it cannot make many very strong points, it bungles none, and the general effect it produces is respectable. Yesterday ' The Octoroon' had more than one drawback of a first representation. It went heavily, and wore an air of uncertainty, as if everybody was feeling bis way more or less. All had their patts well prepared, but they had not fitted themselves so thoroughly into the Yankee style as actors practised in such characters naturally do. Mr. Lawrence's Salem ~ Scudder would have been excellent had there been no clasiieal Salem to whom we all unconsciously refer for a model. It had not the Jeffersonian ?flavour, but it was as good as it could possibly be without that Mr. Musgrave made Uncle Pete the most prominent character in the cast, overshadowing even Salem and Zoe. It was a rare old nigger, brimming over with Ethiopian humour and .self- importance. It was Sambo with his widest gnn, his shiniest ebony, his broadest gufl'aw, and his most tender heart. It was the 'coloured brother' that Eng lishmen are supposed to love best; the faithful old slave who has been brought up on a planta tion, and hopes to die upon it; who adores his master, bullies his fellow-slaves, and despises all the rest of the world. The Ked Indian VVahnotee was taken in hand by Mr. Bellair him self, and, strange to say, it was not overdone in any single particular. \Y e have seen much more gesticulation wasted on ths wild son of nature, and more strain put upon his lungs. In the death hunt of McClqskey great agility was displayed, and the scalping was scientifically done. Mr. 8treeton as McCloskey, and Mr. Beeves as Captain Batts, aped Cousin Jonathan the most success fully of all. Both parts were effectively played. On the female side there was almost uniform merit. Miss Juno as Zoe, Miss George as Dora, and Mrs. Stoneham as Mrs. Peyton made a creditable display of their respective styles, all of which have been sufficiently analyzed before. The scenery was not much out of the ordinary course, the only novelty being Captain Hatts1 steamer at the wharf. In the burning scene the mechanical effects were, as usual, a little disjointed. They are the weakest part of the management, and afford least pleasure to the public Happily there is much on the other side to compensate for them, aud people have learned to be tolerant Yesterday they were em phatically appreeu.tive, and applauded not only warmly, but with discretion. The piece deserved praise, and it ought to draw another good house to night Another Mining Vesture.— We understand a new Company has been formed, called the 'Augusta Mining Company,' for working some property supposed to contain copper lodes near to the Prince Alfred, east of Port Augusta. The 2,000 shares offered to the public out of 3,506, the remainder being reserved to the promoters, were, we are informed, all taken up the same day as they were offered. Melancholy Case.— Recently at Kaounda a Mr. Ryan died from the effects of a thigh wound accidentally' received. He left a widow with seven or eight children, all young, and now the mother has gone out of her mind, leaving the family in a sad condition. Provincial Gas Company.— The gasholder is now ready at Gawler, and pipe-laying has been commenced there. Roman Catholic Education Council.— The lengthened account of His Excellency the Gover nor's visit to Mount Gambier compels us still to hold over a two-column report of the latest meeting of the above Board. Juvenile Missionaby Meeting.— A meeting of Sunday scholars and other young people in terested in (he Missionary cause took place at the Stow Congregational Church, Flinders- street, on Friday, June 11, in connection with the London Missionary Society. There was a moderate at tendance, including several Sunday-schools of different denominations. The Rev. F. VV. Cox presided, and after the Missionary hymn, 'From Greenland's Icy Mountains,' had been sung, he briefly offered prayer. The fiev. J. P. Sunderland, the Agent of the London Missionary Society, after another hymn, commenced his address descriptive of the work of the London Missionary Society. He first shortly referred to the origin of the Society, and tiien passed on to notice the work being earned on m the various Mouth Sea Islands, interspersing his narrative with a number of entertaining anecdotes concerning the life and character of the different islanders. The reverend gentleman succeeded by his pleasing manner in keeping the close attention of his young audience during the course of his address, which he concluded by appealing to them to assist the Mission work by their prayers and by then contributions. A collection was then made on behalf of the Society's funds, and amounted to £1 12s. 4d. The new Missionary ship, which arrived in Sydney in March last, is now on a voyage among the islands, and her return is expected about Christmas time. It may be interesting to note that there are now three Missionary vessels employed in the South Seas-the John Wesley, the Dayspriog, and the John Williams. Lost in the Bush.— A letter from Venus Bay to the Southern Argus contains the following :— "The inhabitants of this place and Bramfield were thrown into a state of great excitement on Sunday, May 24, on account of a woman getting lost in the bush. Mrs. Fergusson, with her children, one two years of age, and the other ten months, living in a hut on the Bramfield run, on Sunday, May 23 went to see another woman living at Rocky Valley, on the Talia run. After staying some time, she left at 3 p.m. to return to her own hut, situated about three miles S.S.W. of Rocky Valley. But as the country is very scrubby she lost her way, and was in the bush from 3 p m, on Sunday till 5 p.m. on Monday, when she managed to get to the Mount Wedge Station, very much exhausted, and with only one child, having left the other in the bush. As soon as the poor woman had made Mr. R. Love aware of this fact, he and Mr. W. Linklater imme diately started in search of the missing child; and they managed to find it at 9 30. p.m., lying quite stiff with cold. It is the opinion of all who saw the child that if it had not been found that night it would have died before morning, as the weather was both wet and cold. Although Mrs. Fergusson arrived at Mount Wedge Station on Monday night, her husband was in ignorance of it until 3 a.m. on Wednesday. Great praise is due to Mr. J. Denni son, of Talia, and Mr. J. Dow, of Bramfield. Both of these gentlemen were searching for the lost woman from Monday morning till Tuesday evening, having been out all through the night. The police were also very persevering in the search. Mrs. Fereusson must have travelled about 25 miles, although the Wedge Station is only 15 from where she got astray; but the bewildered woman appears to have gone all round the Mount as her child was found in quite a different direction from that from which she came her-self; the poor little child was picked up on the north side of the station, while its mother came in by the Capa wanta-road, which lies south." Government Tenders.— The following tenders have been accepted in the departments specified :- Marine Board Department— Discharging Kilt from No. 2 dredge, 4Jd. to 9}1. per tor. according to locality, J. Kamsey ; transporting pontoons from .No. 1 dredge, Is. 5d. per ton, C. Lange; Semaphore boat service (for three years), £90 per annum, and XI 10s. per day eitra work, K. Jagoe; supply of iron castings, Us. 6d. ; do. braiis. Is. 4^]., E. Ellis Engineer -in -Chief's Department — Erection of station buildings, Eoseworthy and Forresters Railway, £7(30, W. Nicholson. Architect's Depart ment—Additions and repairs to Victor Harbour Police Station, £152 St., W. Edwards. Colonial Industry.— We have seen at the workshop of Mr. Carl Schultza, Bundle- street, a landsome pair of silver claret jugs, and the accompanying salvers, which he has just com pleted for shipment to England. The jugs are of plain silver; the handles represent twisted vine tendrils, and are surrounded by imitations of the leaves and fruit of the vine. Alwut BOozs. of Bilver have been used in their manufacture. Cbicket Match,— We understand the Theatre Royal Company have engaged to play a game of cricket with 11 gentlemen of the city to-day at 1 o'clock, on the South Australian Cricket Ground, Schroder's Band is to be in attendance. - ? Drainage Wobks.— We (Border Watch) un derstand that Mr. I). Sutherland, at the request of a large number of intending settlers In this district, has been appointed to report on various nutten,' especially as to the quality and value of the land in the agricultural area of the drainage worki. Clerical Change. -It is understood the Rev. Mr. Byrne, who has been stationed at Kapunda, is about to remove to Salisbury. I From yesterday VJFrentnp Journal.] Mr. Michie, the Victorian Barrister.— An application was made to the Court by Mr. Ingleby this morning, acting on behalf of Mr. EL L. Galbraith, for the admission of Mr. A. Michie, of Melbourne, to appear in the case of Galbraith v. Hughes. The application was based on an order of the Court in 1863 that he be admitted on pre senting himself, and taking the usual oaths. This, however, had never been drawn up, and the Court was of opinion that, not having been acted upon at the time, it was not available after such a lapse of ti me. Both the Judges also expressed their dissent from the decision then arrived at. though Mr. Justice (twynne concurred with it at the time, and their disinclination to favour any relaxation of the short rules of admission in favour of Mr. Michie unless there were some general reciprocity of action among the colonies in reference to the 'inter- change ef legal talent.' Their Honors referred to the recent Intercolonial Commercial Conference at Sydney, and suggested that the principle of free trade might be extended to the commodity above alluded to, in which case they would be happy to see gentlemen of eminence from Victoria and elsewhere practising before them. The Railway. Goods Tariff.— Messrs. Neales and Boucaut, member* for ihe district, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works this morning, and presented the memorial adopted at a public meeting held at the Burnt on June 7 win reference to the proposed railway tariff. In reply to the deputation, the Commissioner pointed out. and the members agreed, that the amended tariff published in that day's papers met most of their objections. He also assured them that it was the desire of the Executive to make the tariff as perfect as possible, and if weak points were found they would be immediately remedied. The Burra Railway.— The Commissioner of Public Works has stated that the line to the Burra will be opened as far as the Mintaro Station, in all probability, before the end of the year, and to Kooringa about March following. Prince Alfred Mine.— Mr. William Roberts, who has just arrived from Port Augusta, has left at our office a number of samples of copper ore obtained from the Prince Alfred Mine, some of them of considerable richness, including yellow and peacock ores, green and blue carbonates. There have been three shafts sunk on the property, and the deepest of these is now between 16 and1 17 fathoms. There are 23 hands employed beside the captain, who manage to turn out on the average 12 tons of ore per week, which is carted to fort Augusta by means of bullock teams— the cost on cartage being £i per ton. The last assay was 'Ji per cent, which, we understand, is above the average of what is now being sent to port. The situation of the mine is 90 miles from Port Augusta in an easterly direction, and there must be good roads to enable the carting to be done for the price specified. Mr. Kobeits also had a number of specimens from the surrounding country, which he informs us, abounds in copper ore of a more oi less valuable character. ' Coppeb Mining Notes.— There is no news of importance from the Hamley Mine. The South Bowers Company still continues costeening in the hope of finding surface ore. At the claim of the Parrara Mining Company a well-defined lode, con sisting of steatite and soft mica, has been traced for a distance of eight fathoms. The Moonta Prospecting Company has men costeening on the back of a very large lode. In the stone raised there is an abundance of large blocks of mundic found, and specs of copper are visible throughout. A new mining Company, designated the 'Prince of Wales,' has recently been formed here with the object of operating upon some sections adjacent to the Parrara property. Sinking was commenced on Monday last. The promoters confidently antici pate cutting a payable lode. The Wheal Hughes Company is raising its usual amount of ore weekly at Cowling's Shaft. At the trial shaft, on what is supposed to be a continuation of Hancock's lode, a whip has been erected, and some men have also been employed timbering up. Other men are still employed costeening on the property. At the Euko Mine the men have recently been employed timbering up the shaft. A portion of thu lode which was lost when the mine was previously worked, but has now been again found, is to be sunk upon. At the discovery made by Messrs. Assheton and party on some sections near to the Poona property, 10 men will commence to work this week, on what is supposed to be a continuation of the Poona lode. At the new shaft lately commenced to be sunk on the Moonta property, the favourable anticipations proved are being quite realized. Where some men found some green Btones and afterwards sunk in hopes of getting the Company's bonus, they found the undertaking too heavy, and now a shaft is being put down by the Company, the place being considered well worthy of a trial, .hlsewhere the mine is lojking as usual— well. It is said that there is a scarcity of skilled mining labour in the market, but numbers of surface labourers offer themselves. At the Poona Mine six men are employed sinkinn below the 20-fathom level, in a lode in the No. 1 ot Western shaft, which is three feet wide and composed of quartz and iron intermixed with stones of grey ore. At No. 2 Shaft a course has been driven from the 30-fathom level towards the west, under the railway. Strong hopes are entertained of a payable lode being met with at an early date. The bulk of the Urge pocket of oie so successfully worked for some time on the Wheal Hughes property has been found by the Paramatta Mining Company to be about now worked out. At the No. 2 shaft of the Paramatta Company men are employed actively driving and stoping. At No. 3 shaft, or the engine shaft, there ib a magnificent lode, which is found to be going towards No. 4 shaft at the 22-fathom level From this shaft immense blocks of high quality ore are raised daily. At the No. 4 shaft the men are driving both ways, and occasional patches of black ore are met with, but the lode cannot be said to be found productive at this shaft at present. About 100 tons of ore are raised on the mine weekly; and last week 400 tons were sold to the Port Adelaide Smelting Works. It is expected that the engine, for erecting which the foundations are already dug out, will he on the ground in the course of a week or two.— Wallaroo Times, June 9. The Northern Territory.— So happy has the news from the Northern Territory made &ome; of the land-order holders and their friends, that one gentleman, who took rather a prominent part on the dissatisfied side, now writes to us in the fol lowing merry strain, under the signature ol ' Jickling'8 Ghost' :— 'The prevailing, passionate, all-absorbing, and ruling idea in tbe new settle ment at the Northern Territory seems to be ' Eating a Christmas dinner in Adelaide.' Title dinner business was talked about before the party staited from Adelaide; but the notion has spread to a ludicrous and alarming extent. All the letters contain some allusion to it; in fact, in the absence of more exciting topics, this one subject has come pre-eminently to the foregrouud.' The Commercial Club. -We understand that the South Australian Commercia Club, which is composed of trades' assistants, now number* about 80 members in addition to 20 honorary members, consisting of employers, &c.;, and the funds in hand, including donations and receipt* from other sources, amount to alwut £100. It was hoped that the late entertainment in White's Boom would have yielded a handsome surplus, but the deterring effect of the weather on the atten dance caused it to be less profitable that was anti cipated. We believe negotiations are in progress to secure the building m King William- street known as the Gymnasium for the use of the Club. Chamber of Manufactures.— The promoters of the Chamber of Manufactures have succeeded in obtaining about 50 members. It u probable .that steps will be taken at an early date to more thoroughly organize the Chamber on its intended basis, so that it can be made to subserve its ends with as little delay as possible, . South Australian Jockey Clur— A circular has now been issued by the Secretary (Mr. £. M. Bajzot) to all the members of the above Club con. taining the following resolution, which was passed at the late meeting at the Globe-' That this meeting is of opinion that the present liability of the Committee should be liquidated by a call of £25 on each of the numbers of the Club, payable ok the 1st July next' Tm Union Club. -The above Club now numbers 130 members. It will be seen by re ference to our business columns that the dab still invite applications for suitable premises. . National Building Boomtt.— The thirteenth half-yearly meeting of the above Society was held on Wednesday. June 9; Mr. G. Smith in the chair. Nine shares were sold, at a premium of £8 each. The balance-sheet for the half-year wai presented, showing a profit ot Is. 4d. in the pound, which was alloted in the shape of premiums vary ing from 7s. on shares six months old to £4 4s. for shares six years old. The number of invested share* on the 10th of May, If 69. was 869 invested and 472 borrowed; the value of securities held by the Society, £41,478; amount due on the same, £27,597; average premium for the thirteenth half year, LI 4s. 7-l. Messrs. M. Walsh and W. Holland were re-elected Directors, an \ a special vote of thanks to the Trustees, Directors, and Secretary (Mr. Oawthornt) closed the meeting. GLABS-BLOWiNG.-Mr. Peyton has opened hit exhibition of glass-blowing, spinning, and working in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, as per advertisement YORKE'S PENINSULA ABORIGINAL MISSION.— At the Baptist Chapel, Moonta, the quarterly com- mittee meeting of the above institution was lately held; Captain Hancock, Manager of the Moonta Mines, presiding. Mr. G. N. Birks, of Kadina, the Secretary, presented the financial report and other documents, stating the progress made at Point Pearce. Among other sums recently received towards the Mission was a donation of £50 from Mr. G. F. Angas and £25 from the London Mis- sionary Society; £9, a collection at Flinders-street Presbyterian Church, Adelaide ; and over£6, realized by a soiree at Wallaroo Bay. Various improve- ments were decided to be effected in the accommo- dation at the Mission Station, and the suggestion was thrown out and approved to raise the stipend of that indefatigable labourer, the Rev. Mr. Kuhn. 