OUR LONDON LETTERS. 1 LITERATUIl FOR THE MONTH. (From our own Correspondent.) August, 1869. The industry of the Premier, Mr, Glad- stone, is very remarkable, he has not only had the labor and anxiety entailed upon him as head of the Governmunt during a consti- tutional crisis in connection with the passage of the Irish Church Bill, but he has found time and thought to see through the press a work of scholarship on a subject that he has 1 made hisown. Its title is "Juventus Mundi, the Gods and Men of the Herorio Age " (10s 6d, Macmillan). It is styled by its author "a homely production," And is stated to be "mainly the production of the two recesses of 1867 and 1868." But it evinces scholar- ship, research, originality. He claims for Homer the authorship of both the Iliad and the Odessey, andl expresses the opinion that Homer was contemporaneous with the Trojan war. He pays great homage to the old his- torian, affirming that he has 'saupplied us with a more complete picture of the Greek, or as he would probably say Achaian, people of his time than any other author - it might almost be said than any number of authors have supplied with reference to any other ago and people. Mr. Gladstone also finds in Homer not only a poet but a prophet, who gives a religion, and a poetic and pure cul- ture tohis countrymen. Moreover, "he was not only the glory and delight, but he was in a great degree the maker of his nation," In- deed, Mr. Gladstone refers at considerable length to the moral and religious teaching of Homer, drawing illustrations front the Iliad then the Odyssey, showing himself a compeer of Max Miller. A companion volume to the last is Dr. Raslcin's now volume entitled "The Queen of the Air," being a study of the Greek myths of Cloud and Storm tos, Smith and Elder). It consists partly of lectures given in University College, and is divided into three sections-" Athena in the Heavens," " Athena in the Earth," and " Athena in the Heart," or the Worker in the Imagination and the Will. Dr. Ruskin discusses the ethical nature of the works of Homer, and deals with all the myths of Estres and wind deities, of harpies and sirens, of Hermes and cloud deities, &c.; He complains that " his days and strength have lately been much broken," and that he never yet felt so acutely the labor of composition. The new volume of Macmillan's Golden Treasury Series (4s Od) is " A Book of Worthies," gathered from the old histories, and now written anew by the author of "The Heir of Roclift" (Miss Yonge). A capital library book - especially for those who are interested in Central America, or in mining adventures, is " Dottings on the Roadside in Panama, Nicaragua, and Mos- quito," by Bedford Pim, Capt. R N., and Berthold Seeman, Ph. D, illustrated with plates and maps (38s, Chapman and Hull). The doctor contributes the first part, the captain the second; the naturalist is strongest in his department, the adventurer in his; the former discusses facts and theories, the latter opens up a river which is the highway to the Javali Gold Mine, in the very heart of Nicaragua. Macmillan and Co. have just published a half-guinea book on " Woman's Work and Woman's Culture." Mrs. Butler, the editor, is not a novice in literature, and in her charming introductory essay, claims in com- mon with her co-essayists that women shall be educated in the highest and best methods, so as to enable them to become in all respects the very best of whatever they are created capable of being. Miss Cobbe writes on " The Final Cause of Woman; or to change a question in the larger catechism, what is the chief end for which women weore cre- ated 1" The Rev. G. Butler contributes a paper on " Education as a Profession for Women." Miss Jox-Blake writes similarly respecting medicine. Mlr. Pearson points out "Some Historical Aspects of Family Life;" and besides other well-known contributors Miss Wedgwood contributes an essay on " Female Suflrage, with regard to its Indirect Results." Messrs. Longman and Co. have published an exceedingly interesting and popular work compiled by the Rev. J. G. Wood,. M.A., ,F.L.S., author of ' Homes without Hands.' The title is " Bible Animals;" being a de- scription of every living creature mentioned in the Scriptures from the ape to the coral. It has one hundred illustrations, is a hanci some 8vo vol. of 652 pages, and should rank with Kitto and Smith's Dictionary. The re suits of the learned labor of Biblical students and the discoveries of modern science, are here presented for popular information. From the same house we have an edition for the people of (1) The Works of Sydney Smith; (2) Wit and Wisdomn of Sydney Smith; (3) Memoir of Sydney Smith. So here are the brilliant articles, the witty say- ings, and the life story of this great jman ac- cessible to almost all readers. Here are his essays and speeches, the former contributed during a period of 25 years to the Edinburgh Review. ' Peter Plymley's Letters,' the authorship of which was such a mystery to the Government and the people of the day his pungent and epigrammatic sentences, which constitute a repertoire of useful infor- mation and suggestive thllought. Macmillan & Co. have just issued a single volume (7s Od)-" The Russo-Indian Ques tion"; considered Historically, Strategically, and Politically; with a sketch of Central Asiatic Politics, and a Map of Central Asia; by Capt. P. Trench, F.R.G.S., 20th Hussars The side he takes on this question may be gathered from the following extract; but that is not the side taken by public opinion in this country, as may be inferred from reference to it in other parts of this letter. Popular fear is not likely to be aroused about the advance of Russia, when there is some dificulty in passing the vote in the House of Commons for completing our own fortifica- tions on the south coast of England. "Notes on Un-Natural History"; being a Selection of Fictions accounting for Facts; by the author of Notes of the Months (Ward and Co). Here is an amusing collection of legends, in which birds and beasts are the chief actors. Certainly many of the myths are very curious. " T'i Life of Lord-Admiral Colchrane," 10th Earl of Dundonald, O .B., &e.; (2 vols., Bentley), is really a supplement to the Earl's i autobiography published some years ago. Apart from this drawback, giving it some measure of incompletenes, it is full of accounts of clever inventions and romantic feats of daring. The Earl was fond of scientific pur- suits, and gave practicil direction to hIis dis- coveries, some of which would be so mur- derously disastrous in their application that he thought they would put an end to war, He offered his secrets to the English Govern- ment, but they declined to avail themselves of them. As a book of adventure it s worth reading. The ,'l t shmum his good news for the (i lovers of old Scotch literature ; not only that Mr. David Laing's edition of Lyndesay's 1 Works will be ready in the autumn, but that I when it is off the stocks its conscientious and a learned writer will at once undertake a fresh edition of his "Select letliuns of the Ancient Popular Poetry of Scotland" - a col- lection of the rarest gems of the literature, unequalled in value by any like gatheringIg. It is strange that so admirable a set of pieces should not have been reproduced since 1822, when 108 copies only were printed. Then can follow a new edition of the " Early Metrical Tales" and the other pieces that Mr. Laing in 1860 announced his intention of adding to the " Select Icllulhns." Mr Hep- worth Dixon is working with increased vigor, preparatory to his departure for Russia, upon which country he contemplates a work of observation and travel. The Daily Teleqraph informs us that on the return of Mr. Dixon he will not resume the editorship of the Atheostaum. It has been reported on what seems to be good authority that Punch had passed into new hands. But Messrs. Bradbury and Evans, the present proprietors, who have held it from the first, have written to say that they retain it in their own possession. On Friday, 9th July, Mr. Thomas Duffus Hardy, Deputy-Keeper of tihe Rolls, was pre- sented to her Majesty, and received from her hands the honor of knighthood. Sir Thomas Hardy has worked well for many years at the Rolls Oflice, and has succeeded in reducing the mass of MSS and printed records of our history into order and arrangement, which have been of invaluable service to modern historians. It is understood that in the person of Sir Thomas her Majesty wished to convey the sense she entertains of the services rendered by literature during her Majesty's long and happy reign. The recent obituary notices include 'the names of two Oriental travellers of dis- tinction-Lady Daul Gordon, whose oharm. ing letters from Egypt. many readers will re member, and Dr. Waddington, Dean of Durham, who visited nod publisehod works on Etlliopia, Egypt, and Greece ; but who is better known as a Church Historian.V.Jordan, too, is gone at the ripe ago of 88, working to the last, contributine articles to monthly magazines. From 1817 to 1850 lie was I editor of the Literary Gazette, a rival of the Athlewtnum, and 10 or 12 years ago he pub- lished his autobioaraphy in several vols. He will be remembered also as the person whllo seized Belliogham, the assaosin, in the lobby of the House of Commons. It is said that Mr. YVm. Morris has de tormined on publishing a further portion of Ills poem " The Earthly Paradise" in Nov., I instead of delaying it till the whole of the I work is completed. The volume to be pub lished in November will comprise the tales for autumn, and the final volume of tales for winter may follow in course of next May. The two last volumes of the Bayall series publislhed by Low and Co. at 2e Od, and Sir Thomas Browne's "Piligro Medioi, &o;," and f The Lyrical and Imaginative Poems of Cole ridge, arranged by Algeruon Swinburno. Mr. Swinburno says of Coleridge:-"Ot his l best verses I venturo to affirm that the world has nothing like them, and sever can r have; that they are of the highest kind, and of their own. They ara jewels of the dia. l moods' price, flowers of roses' rank, but un i like any rose or diamond known" (Ii. In the wars with tile first Napoleon gold played quite an important a part as the sword, and one Iof the agents employed to keep the allies of 0 England in a fit state of cohesion was the SHn. Wmin, WVikham, whose diary will be published in the autumn.. A great a deal of gilt will be rubbed off the r herolo and patriotio gingerbread , thereby. Y An advertisement, wlicllh is at once amusing it and depressing to all literary contributors and caterera, appeared the other day in the ' At/henmulm. A second.hand bookseller offers a to supply several hundredweight of magazines t and reviews at so much a pound. 'lThus of the Quarterly, le offers " 2 cwt. lqr. 81bs. at 2d per lb.": a statement whichll is, alnost I enough to wake the ghost of Mr. Crolker, though it might be laid again on being told that there was more than it hundredweight of the ~ldinburgh to be disposed of at the same rate. The British and _Foreign Aledical and the British: and Foreign Quarterly are also estimated at 2d per Ib.," but tlhe North I British, the Wflestminster, &e.;, are valued at 4d per lb. The highest price is 0d, per lb., at which tariff you may secure some hundred c weight of .h'brtnightly, Fraser, Blactleood, tornl/ill, TenmpleBar, &c.; SMr. Stanford announces, on Sdpt. I, and to be continued annually, crown 8vo., " Our Ocean Highways," a condensed' Alphabetical Gazeteer alnd Travellers' Handbook, by rail and sea, for all chief cities and noted 'places throughout the world, giving also the latest statistical and commercial information about the various ports of departure .and of call connected with theo great ocean steam lines of Europe and America, with tabular lists of I chief offices, rates of passage, dates of sailing, together with telegraphic, ,monetary, and other tables. The Quest of the San Groal, or Holy Graal, is the subject of Mr. Tennysoni's now poem. . Ihe San Greal is a cup said to hIave been made of a singlo 'emerald, out of which the Saviour drank at the Last Supper, and whichl was filled withl His blood at Hisl crucifixion. The derivation of this word is as puzzling as that of euculmber; it is from oretana, Latin, a cup; tllhence in mid. Latin, oradalin, pn. grazal, old French grasal, 9real, graal. Sir Walter Scott refers to it In the lines A sinful elan and unconfessed, He too the asongreals holy qoest. Miss Martinean is busy on whlat' Mrs. Malaprop migllht call her own autobiographlly. Report says that this life.study will be ad-' mirable. The now number of the 'British Quarterly is one of unusual excellence; and with the N?orth Britishl is in every way worthy of the literary aspirations of Nonconformity in thllis country. Again and again I have said that they take equal rank with thlirolder contemporaries in scholarship, breadth, and fitness for the times. And now the former has reached its 99th number, the latter its 100th; and both are fresh and vigorous, do serving general and Ihearty support. The first article in the British Qluarlerl' is on Lord, Laurence," and sketches with con sideorablo 'detail thle features of his admaini stration.' Tile writer attributes his suscess to "indomitable 'perseverance and the tho roughnaes's with1 which he performed his work," fow he roseotrom am inferir ovil position in 1830 to the most exalted; position which the Indian emphiro can offer ,in 1803, T the polioy he aidopted towardsL thlio natives, his goverunment of the lPuunjub, his work during the mutiny, his proceedings in reila-. tion to the Bhootan mission, his policy in ii Afll~hnistan, and his social reforms are care-. fuilly natrraod The anarm ofa lRussian in. a vnsion is treated as "one of the bugbcarsof tf the age. It takes the place, at an humble o distance, of the old fear of a French invasion d of England." The next is an antiquarian t paper-" The Condition of Englishwomen in n the Middle Ages "-chiolly copnlipii, from Ii the works of the Recoyd Commission. The c slperior position and higher estimation of o women among the Saxons is placed in con trast with the lower estimate in which slhe was held among the Colts. Following this is a scholarly article on "The Latest Phase of the Utilitarian Controversy," Herein Mr. John Stuart Mill and Mr. Morley (theo editor of thie h'ortnightlly Reviewo ) are keenly criti cised on account of their caustic remarks on Mr. Lecky's new work, The History of Euro peen Morals. The writer points out the changes that are coming over the views of the utilitarian philosophers, showing that they do not now rest moral obligation on the happiness of the agent, and that there is a reaction from the selfish system. The fallacies and inconsistencies of this school are ably discussed, and thoutgh Mr. Lecky is vindicated from the charges which have been brought against him, it, is shown that he has weakened his position as an advocate of moral principles, "for the sake of talking with that air of mild, worldly superiority to the impracticable teachings of theologians, now so much in vogue with even the best and noblest of our rationalistic thinkers." A paper on "The Language of r Light" is marked by great ability. It is an 3 interesting sketch of the results of Spectrum. u Analysis, drawn with great clearness, liveli a ness, and graphic power, and gives a most complete and reliable account of some of the most remarkable discoveries of modern science. Other papers are on " Noncon formity in Lancashire (it is said by the author of "The Eclipse of Faith") " Rossini," and "- " Contemporary Literature." ' But the f strongest and most searching article is the s political one on " Mlr. Gladstone's Statesman a ship and the House of Lords." There is an i, original and acute criticism of Mr. Disraeli, o and another of Mr. Gladstone, who are thus contrasted. Thle relation of the House of Lords to the general government of the a country is pointed out, and the power of . Nonconformists in the Liberal party asserted. The article bears trace of having been written o not far from the Library of the House of y Commons. 