JACK ASHORE ; Ok, THE PIRATES, THE PEELERS, AND THE PEOPLE. a Sensation, to be produced as soon as possible after the dissolution of Parliament. DRAMATIS PERSON.®. Jack Trueblue (a tar who pitches into his foes) Mr. R — berts — n. Bill Bowline (a heart of oak, a little cross-grained) Mr. P — st— r. Sam Skyscraper (a purser's mate, with a keen eye to the reckoning) ... ... ... ... Mr. S — M — L. Bill Belay (a shipmate — a rum un to tackle) ... Mr. M — CL — y. Myers10 j (crimps, in the pay of Yarn) ... Supers. Yarn (a melodramatic card, a la '' Vic.'' ... ... Mr. P — rk — s. Betsey Cabbage (who must be seen not to be believed) Mr. E— G — R. The Ghost (with blue lire, " Farewell, remember me," &c.;) A Myth. Citizens, Policemen, &c.;, &c.; Scene 1. — The Pirates' Cave, off the Coast of Kiama. Enter Captain Tarn. Yarn — Ha, ha ! Once more my foot is on the shore Where oft I've beat the enemy before : These simple villagers — poor stupid fools — Are but my dupes — my unsuspecting tools. Where are my myrmidons 1 They should be here. Have they been tracked ? Hence, paralysing fear. What ho ! old Betsey, show your ugly phiz, 'Tis time that Fenian ghost at last is riz ! Enter Betsey and Pirate Crew. Betsey — Look sharp, my lads, and lend a hand to make A ghost that shall cause these 'long- shore muffs to quake. (Slow music. — They construct an effigy from the simple materials of a holloio turnip), a lighted candle, die., the. Blue fire all round. Enter 1 villagers. ) Yarn — Behold, my friends, yon grim and ghastly foe, By this bold arm but recently laid low ; For you I spend my nights in anxious toil, On you I squander all the public spoil ; Down on your knees, ye dampei -eating host, And shout for me, and for my patent Ghost. (Shouting all round. Exeunt Yarn and crew, singing, " Have you seen the Ghost ? ") Scene 2. — On board the ship > of state — Jack Trueblue at the helm, Bowline , Skyscraper, and Belay, handing, reefing, dec., Jack sings. Air — " Tom Bowline ." To a sheer hulk this craft was bowling Through snarling of its crew ; No more on board the muffs are howling, For I have broached 'em to. Some thought the lubbers each a beauty (Folks are so precious soft), But if I'd done what was my duty, I'd run them up aloft. Chorus : We'd run them up aloft. A Voice — Ship ahoy ! Jack — Ay, ay, my lads, look out, Some boat is hailing us without a doubt ! See, here they come, the crimps have brought us men To try a cruise beneath our flag again. (Enter crimps , with Yarn and crew disguised as able seamen. ) What ugly swabs ! Lads, mind what you 're about, For of this precious gang I have a doubt, I've heard of chaps like these who, once before, The ship of state contrived to run on shore. Yarn — And will again, if once we get a chance. Now then, my cut-throat band, to work advance ! (Desperate struggle. Bill Belay knocks down Yam, but is over powered by the gang, who attempt to scuttle the ship, and then skedaddle. ) Jack — Well done, my lads, but all's not over yet, Some honest hands to aid us we must get, I'll go ashore and rouse the country — well I know they'll ne'er permit this precious sell. Our ship's shorthanded, and must come to grief If from the country we get no relief : Take to your boats, my boys, and pull ashore, And soon this buccaneering band we'll floor. Scene |3. — The country. An excited mob, Yarn addressing them. Yam — My tale is true — though both my crimps have fled — Of Trueblue and his myrmidons in dread — He is your enemy, who seeks to smash Your country in an universal crash ! He is (Enter Betsey, weeping. Tremendous uproar outside.) Ha ! what ? Unwelcome sounds arise. "Down with the schemer and his hireling spies ! " Can they mean me ? Betsey — Alas, bold chief, they do. The folks are cheering Trueblue and his crew. And swear they'll lynch us if our gang they catch. Oh fly, great captain — Yarn — Never, puling wretch ! I have not lived to set them by the ears, To cower now beneath such paltry fears. No ! as the wounded scorpion turns upon Himself his poison— thus do I — I'm done ! (Swallows affidavits, and dies. Enter Jack and his shipmates, cheered on by the crowd, who drag Betsey off to Tarban Creek. ) Jack — I thank you all, good friends, for your applause, I knew you ever backed a righteous cause — For many months this artful, scheming mob Have sought to work your ruin by a job. But now our good ship— fully manned once more, Within the port of safety rides secure, Be ours the task our duty well to do, In ev'ry storm to steer her safely through. God Save the Queen. 