AN AUSTRALIAN REPUBLIC. BY the last mail from England we re-<*> ceived a sort of circular, or small pamphlet, headed, "The Australian Republic." It consists of sixteen propositions in favor of the " federation" of the six colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, South Aus tralia, Queensland, Tasmania, and New Zealand, into an independent Australian Republic. The writer is a Charles F. Hursthouse, and signs himself, " ex colonist and visitor to America, Canada, Cape Colony, Australia, and New Zealand.' 9 From an advertisement at the end of the paper Mr. Hursthouse appears to have written several books about New Zealand, and a pamphlet entitled " The incorporation of Britain's colonial into her home empire," so that he ought to be an authority on the subject. From the style and tone of the pamphlet one would be led to conclude that Mr. Charles F/ Hurst house was a Yankee who has persuaded himself that he has " a mission" to teach Britishers in the Australian colonies a " notion or two." Some of the " proposi tions" are decidedly amusing, on account of their strongly-marked " spread-eagle" style, and give one the impression that Mr. Hursthouse must have ori ginally prepared them as resolutions to be submitted to some indignation meeting of colonists who were preparing to throw off the British yoke. Take the second proposition, for instance, which is to the following effect;—" That the citi zens of a British Australasian Republic, like the citizens of the American Republic, would enjoy far higher political and social rank and status in the world than Austral asian colonists, and would, at the same time, have an equal share and ownership in ' national glories'— Cressy, Trafalgar, Waterloo; Bacon, Shakspeare, Milton, Burke, Burns; with those of their race who dwell in the British Isles." Such a grandiloquent resolve would no doubt be received with thunders of applause by an American audience; but Britishers, as a rule, are more stolid and matter-of-fact in their deliberations, and would be most likely to laugh at it, or exclaim with Scrooge, when haunted by Marley's ghost—" Don't be hard upon me ! Don't be flowery, Jacob, pray!" . Divested of extravagances of style and language, Mr. Hursthouse's propositions simply amount to this —that no country ever becomes nationally great so long as it remains a colony or dependency of another. An independent Republic is always more attractive to immigrants than a colony or dependency, as is proved by the number of immigrants to the United States of America each year in proportion to those going to Canada. An independent Australian Re public could borrow money in the London market on easier terms than now. Aus tralia would be more free from foreign aggression as an independent Republic. English statesmen of the present day are not in favor of colonisation, are indifferent to the welfare of the colonies, and their sole aim is to get all they can out of them without giving anything in return. The colonists are not represented in the Im perial Parliament when questions vitally affecting their interests are under dis cussion. This ought not to be the case, seeing that indirectly they contribute to the wealth of the empire in a greater ratio than the residents of the United Kingdom. Aus tralia cannot always remain subject to a nation the seat of Government of which is 15,000 miles away. Australia at the pre sent time possesses more real power and resources that the thirteen states of America did at the declaration of indepen dence, and finally, that it would be politic on the part of England, by which we sup pose the writer means English statesmen, to see that neglect and unjust treatment of her Australian colonies does not engender the same bitter feeling against her which has never died out in America, and still constitutes it "an unfriendly and me nacing power." Some of these propositions are so self evident as to need no argument to prove them, others are more than doubtful, while the remainder are mere assumptions founded on slight superficial knowledge of the subject—such knowledge in fact, as a mere temporary " visitor" would be likely to acquire. Therefore whatever weight may be attached to Mr. Charles F. Hursthouse's utterances on colonial questions in the old country, it is only a very small section, and those mostly hit own countrymen, who would endorse them on this side the Pacific. Admitting that the time will come when Australia will no longer be a dependency of Great Britain, and that for some years past these colonies have not received that consideration from the Imperial Government which they have a just right to demand, yet it by no meao3 follows as a logical sequence that the time has already arrived for federation, and de claring an independent republic here, and the example of the thirteen American States in 1776 is not a parallel case. Neither is it so clear that the credit and borrowing power of the new Republic would be increased in the old world money markets, or that the country would be more attractive to immigrants. In the majority of cases the very contrary would be the case. Disaffected Irishmen might possibly look with more favor on Australia as a field for emigration if these colo nies were released from what they designate " the hated yoke of England;" but that the English, Scotch, or Germans would be animated by the same feelings, is a mere groundless assumption. As for any aspirations after national greatness— distinct from that of the mother country— the sentiment has not had time to take root in Australia as yet. As a matter of fact, there is no place in the world where less genuine public spirit and less love of the country animates the great bulk of the community, than in Australia. A very large majority of the settlers here are so recently from the old world, and are in the habit of casting so many lingering looks behind to what they call " home," that they are unwilling to believe they have left it for good and all, never to return. The consequence is, that they merely regard themselves as strangers and sojourners here, whose chief aim ought to be to make as much money as possible in the shortest time, in order to return and end their days in peace and plenty in the old land. Politics, ia the true sense of the word, they never trouble themselves with, thinking it is not worth while for the short time they have to stay. The most that they will interest themselves in is some local question which directly I affects their personal interests. Of coarse, there are exceptions here and there, but any one who has been resident in an Aus tralian colony for any length of time will at once admit that this is the rule. Mr. Hursthouse, like a good many of our advisers and would-be benefactors on the other side, assumes to know our affairs a great deal better than we know them ourselves, otherwise he would see at once that for another generation or so there is not the remotest chance of a federation of the Australian colonies into an independent Republic, unless some very extraordintf* and improbable events should occur to bring it about; and until circumstances alter, and public opinion undergoes an entire change, federation is undesirable. 