THE ENGI13H CAPTIVE3 AND WAR IN ABYSSINIA. On Friday evening. October 29. Dr. Tucker, well known as the representative of the Bible Society, delivered a lecture on the above subject in White s Rooms, the uroceeds of which arc to be uevotea to tne tunds ot that society, loere was a Large attendance of ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Alexander Hay, M.P., occupied the chiir, and by way of introduction briefly alluded to the interest which had besu excited m Abyssinia through the event* of the last few years. Dr. Tucker said about 100 years ago, in the year 1769\. an enterprising traveller passed throush Abyssinia, and afterwards published a book con taining a graphic description of the country and people, entitled 'Travels in Search of the Source of the Nile, by James Bruce'— a book that had passed through more editions than any other book of modern travel. Previously to this, perhaps, no country was bo little known or so fabulously described. During the middle ages it was known as the land of ' Prester John.' where the marvel* of Nature, like the mines of gold, were exhaustiess. and it was said the men had tails and the women two heads, and the children played wi h diamonds. Lu.lolphus, who wiote a history of this country about the middle of the 17th century, had mingled a good deal of fable with tiuth in his narrative. He gave a map, in which the position of several districts and towns were given accurately; but on the same sheet he gave a drawing of a flying monster, and in another place four monkeys, who were represented as making a stand against two ferocious lions by simply throwing sand in their faces; and he also said that the celebrated unicorn, so continuously sought for in all corners of the world, was to be found there. Everybody was familiar with ' Rasselas, the Prince of Abyssinia'— a beautiful fiction by Dr. Samuel Johnson, founded on certain Portuguese chronicles that were chiefly imaginary. At the present time, however, they were abun dantly supplied with information of Abyssinia, for 207 successive books had been issued Iroui the Press One of tne most interesting and popular was a volume published by the Illustrated London News Company, in which the narra tive had been derived from authentic sources, and tbe pictorial iilustrutioru from sketches of artists who accompanied the army. The story of the captivity in Abyssiuk had been bo fully told in the newspapers and so generally read that he thought it must be familiar to all ; but the oiigin of the war and captivity were not so generally, and it might be worth while reviewing the facts connected with them. The captives (who were represented by a bold water- colour sketch) con sisted of the Rev. Mr. Sterne, Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Rosenthal, missionaries of tbe Church of England ; Consul Cameron, Dr. EL Blane, Pietro, an Italian ; Consul Kasaam, Lieutenant Dridieux. and Kearn, an Irishman, who had been Private Secretary to Captain Speedy. The lectuier having pointed out the geographical position and boundaries of the country gave an interesting description of its character, remarking that a tract of country forming the seaboard belonged to Turkey, while Abyssinia proper, 400 miles in length and 200 in breadth, was a mountainous district broken up by deep cavern?, with mountain peaks 14.000 and 15,000 feet high, covered continually with snow and ice, some of the banks of the rivers eoinir down nreciDitously more than 2.C0O feet. Ihe population were generally of the Caucasian race, of a fine frame, an olive colour, and some intellectual power when cultivated. There were ain .ing them negroes who had been introduced in a state of captivity, and who were quite distinct from the real Abyssinians or Gheez. Almost all the chief families claimed a Jewish descent The chief language was the Gheez or Ethiopian, which is mixed with Hebrew and Arabic words; but this was now a dead tongue. The living language, of which there were four dialects- the Amharic, Tigre, Shoa, and Yejous-was derived from it, and anybody who was lamiliar with one would be understood pretty well in any part of the country. Dr. Hecke collected some 13 vocabularies. The country was divided into a good many princi palities, ihe principal of which were Tigie and Ainhara. These two, although of one nation and uuder the same Government, were always in a state of hostility one with the other, sometimes the chie. of one and sometimes the chief of the other being Eupeiior, and then all the other sta es paid tribute to him. There was another race of people— the Falashaa— a class of Jews, who were the artisans of the country, not the merchants and bankers as in other countries; and, according to Bishop Gobat, who visited them in 183;, expected the Messiah 'in the character of a great conqueror called Theodorus, who must soon appear;' but the poor t'alaslias did not know ' whether he would be a Christian or a Jew.' The Falashas were the only artificers in the country, and made what rude implements were used ii agriculture. The dress of tne Abyssinians was very peculiar, hats and bonnets being dis pensed with, and the long black hair done up in locks and kept wet with butter. It had been said by Bruce that when driving cattle they would cut slices out of the living annuals; but though other travellers suppoited Bruce to some extent, it wm pretty certain that the practice w s only rare. The religion of the people was Christian, but it was of a very peculiar kind. There was a tradition prevalent that Christianity wan introduced by the eunuch of Queen Candace, or ny St. Matthew and at. Bartholomew. It appeared clear that the Christian Church iu Abyisima was founded in the time of Constantino, for Frumentius was consecrated Bishop of Ethiopia when Athana sius was the Patriarch ut Alexandria. From thai time to the present they had received their A buna or Bishop from the See of Alexandria. When the Greek merchant Cosmas visited Abyssinia, ad. 520, it was comparatively a Chris tian country, and well nrovided with monasteries and churches. The rling of Abyssinia. Zirah. Jacob, in 1443 sent an Ambassador to the Council of Florence, wheu nothing was then known in Europe of the country. Neither the Portuguese inilrary adventurers who visited the country in the fifteenth and sixteenth century, nor the Jesuits of a later date, could induce the Abyssinians to acknowledge the supremacy of the Pope of Koine. Thev had alwavs received their Abuna or Bishop from tne mnarcn ot Alexandria, vv nn tne unns tian redgion the Abyssinians received the Holy Scriptures, which they now possess in the Amharic and Kthiopic versions. Bruce brought with him from the country a complete copy of the Ethiopic Scriptures, and also a set of Abyssinian Chronicles. The religion was a remarkable mingling of Christianity and Judaism. Tbe children were circumcised when eight days old; but they were baptized when they were forty days old. They would not allow a Bishop to marry, but they insisted upon the priests being married. In their places of worship they had not only a chancel, but a place called the Holy of Holies, where the priests made the wine for the communion service by pouring water on raisins, and the bread by mixing flour and water, and then placed it on tbe mouth of each communicant They attached a good deal of importance to the absolution of the priests, but did not ask any blessing upon their marriages, which were only a kind of civil con trac s of a very loose kind. The lecturer having traced the early career of ynung Kassi and his education, stated that having become first chief of Tigre, and afterwards conquered Arnhara, he was crowned under the name of Theodurus. King of Abyssinia, in 1855-6, and seemed to have been bent upon endeavouring, as far as possible, to put down the prevailing immorality, and do all he could for the elevation of the country. He was very friendly with the ifcgliBh people, aud with the two gentlemen who were then at his Court, Mr. Bell and Consul Plowden, who had been sen: for the purpose of negotiating for the suppression of the slave trade, and to induce the seuding of an Ambassador from Tigre f-o England. Soon after this the Gallas, a wild savage race from the South, in a state of insubordination, murdered Mr. flowden as he was passing along the country, and Mr. Bell was killed in tbe same way, after shoot ing down a Galla, who was about to stab King Theodore, in punishment for which he had about fifteen hundred of the Gallas tortured and put to death. Consul Plowden was replaced by Consul Cameron, to whom the King entrusted a letter to Queen Victoria, and it was to the not answering of this letter, and the designs of the two men— Sameul, a Jew, and Bardel, a Frenchman— who had represented to Theodore that the English Government were unfriendly to him, that the lecturer ? attributed the altered tone and action of King Theodore. They showed how, by an unfortunate circumstance, a present in the shape or a handsome turkey bore a design which, to Theodore's mind, betokened the destruction of his kingdom, and how all efforts we e fruitless to appease the anger and indignation which the Ethiopian Sovereign felt at receiving no reply to his letter, resulting in his imprisonment and torture of Mr. Cameron and the other captives, and the demand from the British Government for their release, which, being not complied with, led to the war. Dr. Tucker expressed his belief that King Theodore, while driven to dissipation by the -disappointment of his ambition, was intent upon the welfare and elevation of his people. The letter had been allowed tu remain in the Foreign Office without reply, and the consequence was Theodore felt his amoition humbled, and, giving himself to hatiita of intoxication, became the cruel tyrant of whom they had read, with perhaps the greatest indignation. But he believed Theodore was not properly treated, and that if there was blame, and that if his letter had been answered he would not have come to the lamentable end he did. The Ueyerend Doctor gave a short but graphic description of the successful campaign which ended in the destruc tion of Mag'lala and the liberation of the captive^, having alluded also to the steps which had been taken fur the spiritual benefit of the Abyssinians in 'the measures organ zed by the Bible Society and the Society for the Conversion of the Jewg, to the former of which, Mr. Hopkins, o{ Tasmania, well known in connection with religious efforts in the colonies, was an early and liberal contributor. What might be the future of Abyssinia they did not know, hut he trusted they miuht yet see iu a true and spiritual nunner Ethiopia streroh out her bauds unto God. The letter to the Q leen, which the lecturer observed had- been very erroneously reported as being an insult to her in the shape of proposal of marriage, ran thus:— ''November L 186?. ' In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost— one God in Trinity, chosen of God, King of Kings- Theodorus, of Ethiopia, to Her Majesty Victoria, Queen of England.— 1 hope your Majes y is in good health. By the power of God I am well. My fathers, th,e Emperor?, having forgotten our Creator, they handed over the kingdom to the Gillat and Turks. But God created me -lifted me out of tbe dust, and restored this empire to my rule. He endowed me with power, and enabled me to stand in the place of my fathers. By His power I drove away the Gallas. But for the Turks, I have told them to leave the land of my ancestors. They refuse. I am now going to wrestle with them. Mr. Plowden, and my late Grand Chamberlain, the Eneltehman Bell, used to tell me that there is a crest Christian Queen, who loves all Christians. When they told me thu, ' we are able to make you known to her, and to establish friendship between you,' then in those times I was very elad. 1 have given the.ra my love, thinking that I had found your Majesty's goodwill. All men are subject to death, and my enemies; thinking to injure me. killed these my friends, but by the power of God I have extermi nated those enemies, not leavinz one alive, though they were of my own familv. that I may get by the power of God your friendship. I wait we vented by the Turks occupying the »ea-ooa»t from tending you an embassy when I was in difficulty. Consul Cameron arrived with a letter and presents of friendship by the power of God. I was very glad hearing of your welfare, ai d be ng assured of your amity. I have received your presents, and thank you much. I fear if I send ambassador! wi'h presents of amity by Consul Camewn th^y may be arrested by tbe Turks, and now I wbb, that you may wranee for the safe pa- sage of rnyam husadors eveiy where on the roads. I wish to have answer to this iettet by Consul Cameron, and that he njaf conduct my. emhu.«y to KnghuML ^hwthclaUmoppreMtlieChnitianjB!'^ The Rev. Canon Fabb proposed, and the Rev. James Ltaix seconded, a vote of thanks to Dr. ] Tucker for his interesting lecture, aud to the Chairman for presiding, which was carried with acclamation. _ Dr. Tookeb expressed his thanks, and said it had Riven him pleasure to meet those whom he had addressed, and afibrd them what information was within his power on a subject in which he felt a great interest, because the Key. Mr. Sterne and the Lev. Mr. Rosenthal were his personal friends, as jell as Captain Speedy, whom he had met in New Zealand, and gained considerable knowledge from. The Chairman having also acknowledged the compliment, the proceedings closed. 