DIOCESAN SYNOD. Third Day: Thursday. Apjil 29. The attendance on this the third day of the Synod included a large number of clergymen and lay members. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide pre sided. CALL OP SYNOD. Mr. R. B. Colley moved — "That a call of Synod be made for Tuesday, the 25th May." His Lordship explained that the call was necessary to secure a large attendance, in order to have certain regulations not fundamental placed amongst the fundamental regulations. Carried. COMMITTEE OF EDIT. On the motion of Mr. Wicksteed, seconded by the Rev. J. Pollitt, is was resolved to appoint a Committee to edit and publish the report. The gentlemen elected to constitute is were:— Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. N. Blyth, R. B. Colley, C. H. Young, and E. Wicksteed. DOCTRINES OF THE ENGLISH REFORMATION. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, pursuant to notice, rose to move— "That in view of the efforts which have of late been made in England to introduce into our Church a mode of public worship and a system of doctrines usually known by the name of Ritualism, and which it has been attempted to introduce into certain of our Churches in this colony, this Synod desires to express its deep-rooted and unabated attachment to the principles of the English Refor mation, and its determination to oppose to the utmost any attempts on the part of Ritualists or others to indoctrinate the Church with tenets opposed to those principles." The Lord Bishop—I must beg before you pro ceed to make one or two observations upon this. It appears to me the resolution contains what may be described as a bill of attainder against certain of your brother clergymen, for having introduced a particular form of worship which has been intro duced into England, and which has there been pronounced by the Courts of Law to be illegal. You refer first of all "to the efforts lately made in England to introduce into our Church a mode of public worship and a system of doctrines usually known by the name of 'Ritualism,' " I say that term Ritualism includes a great deal more than apparency you mean to signify by it. My first objection, then, is to that term as very indefinite. I have during the last 30 years seen great improve ments made in our ritual, and unhappily I have seen what I conceive to be Ritualism opposed to truth and opposed to law. I say, then, under this term you lodge a bill of attainder against some of your brother clergy, because you say, "which it has been attempted to introduce into certain of our Churches in the colony." If you know of that attempt it must be through some outward act or sermons preached, and in that case it is your bounden duly, and the duty of every Synodsman here possessing such knowledge, to adopt the course laid down in the fundamental provisions of the Church. I allude to No. 19, which says:— "Any accusation against a clergyman of the Diocese"—(and I say this is an accusation affecting the character of clergymen, and probably leading —or, at all events, which may eventually lead to the loss of their living—and that is a most serious thing)—"shall be made to the Bishop in writing, and signed by the party or parties preferring it." I object, then, to this bill of attainder, because it does not name the clergy, and it does not name the places in which such practices are carried out, so that the accusation might he tried under the machinery—the means provided by the funda mental provisions for dealing fairly and equitably with all such cases. My second ground is this. Should the result of any proceedings in to- day's Synod be to lead to charges being made against any clergyman, is if possible that I who will have been sitting hearing these charges discussed now, will be able to decide with the impartiality of a Judge, for that is my proper position; or is it possible that some of you clergy and laity, sitting as assessors—(Hear, hear)—can act impartially as a Jury sworn to uphold the truth as Christian men in the fear of God! I ask you, I say, whether with our minds heated and our feelings excited by debate ee shall be able to sit as Judge and Jury to decide upon a question which will have been virtually prejudged. I notice this particularly, because within the last few days it has been stated to me—and I have no hesitation in repeating it as the statement of a lawyer of note in this city, Mr. Boucaut—that passing over the constitution of our clergy and laity—a judicature in existence during the last fourteen, now nearly fifteen years, having been established in 1855, and having worked satisfactorily, as I trust, ever since, on the ground that it cannot be impartial—the gentleman I have alluded to has threatened that if in the Church of St. Luke any clergyman preached doctrines which he conceived to be illegal, or did any act which he believed to be illegal, he would, as I have already mentioned, decline to bring the subject before the Bishop and five of the clergy and five of the laity as assessors, and would file a bill and involve the defendants in an expense of perhaps £500; for even if he failed the defendants would not be able to recover all their costs. On these two grounds, then, I would put it to you, Mr. Ibbetson, as a matter of equity and fair dealing, whether this is the right course to pursue. I think you should define what is Ritualism—what you mean by it in this implied charge against your brother clergymen. Then if you wish an expression of opinion on your resolution, although it is vague, and I hate vague abstract resolutions which can lead to no good, the Synod would be able to meet any charge of improper practices in the way of Ritualism that you like to bring. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson—My Lord, I beg to say it was with a view of obviating the necessity —the painful necessity—of bringing any specific charge against any brother clergyman that I worded the resolution as I have done. I had no intention to mention the name of any clergyman in the diocese, or to deal with the subject in any other than a general way. Although, as your Lordship says, the right course for any specific charge is to bring it forward as printed out by the fundamental provisions, there is no absolute charge made here, and I feel is not necessary to forego a discussion on the general subject on account of this rule for specific cases. It is a difficult thing to define Ritualism, and in your charge your Lordship has said as much. It is rather hard upon me, there- fore, to ask me to give a definition for the term. His Lordship—You have defined it by implica tion. There have been certain illegal efforts made in England which you say have been introduced here. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson—I have said efforts "usually known by the name of Ritualism." His Lordship—I want to know what it is you call Ritualism. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson—Well, my Lord, it does seem to me—begging your Lordship's pardon, and with all due respect—a strange thing that, as a member of Synod, I am not to be permitted to bring forward a very simple resolution, calling upon the Church, of which we are the represen- tative body, to express an opinion upon this error . His Lordship—I beg your pardon; I must correct you. What I draw your attention to are the words "Which it has been attempted to introduce into certain of our Churches in the colony." That is not an abstract question; it is a matter of fact —it is an assertion which I believe is not true—(Hear, hear)—as far as the Ritualism condemned in the Law Courts of England is concerned. That is the point on which I object. This may result in charges being made against particular Churches; and could I as judge, and you as assessors, sit impartially on what we have already prejudged? Archbishop Tait took the course which I intend to take if this resolution is pressed. In the case of Bishop Colenso I think it was he that withdrew from Convention because the question might come before the Privy Council, of which he was a Judge. If this is pressed, I cannot be a party to the discussion, because I may have to be a judge, and I hope an impartial judge, I shall therefore have to retire, leaviug a commis- ary in my place. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson—My Lord, I must beg leave to express my astonishment that gentle men here present, who appropriated to themselves the references of your Lordship to Ritualism in your Charge, should have just now denied that Ritualism has been introduced into this colony. When the vote of thanks to your Lordship for your address was before the House one gentleman publicly declared the utter impossibility of his joining in that vote, Now his name had not been mentioned in the Charge. He simply took the remarks to himself, I presume, as one of the Ritualists, or one of the Ritualistic clergy. He spoke of the reference as I being felt severely by himself and others, who were labouring earnestly in the colony; and to hear those who thus objected say that there is no such thing as Ritualism being attempted to be in- troduced here astonishes me. The Rev. G. Dove—No one has said such a thing, my Lord. His Lordship—I can remove your misapprehen sion, Mr. Ibbetson. I believe the gentleman you allude to as not having thanked me took the course he did because I ought to have made prefe rence to the violation of the Rubric in defect as well as in excess—(Hear, hear)—that the address was therefore partial, not untrue; that I should have observed upon the other; and I do not know that I was quite just in that matter. We know what Ritualism is in England, because there have been decisions of the Courts of law; and what is done by the Ritualistic Commission now sitting, we will be bound by, as we are bound by the doctrines of the Church as practised in the mother-country. The Synod has thanked me for the address, in which I think I have taken sufficient care to show what my opinions are, and my readiness to administer even handed justice. (Hear, hear.) I object again, therefore, to this part of your resolution, referring to Churches in this colony. I think the abstract proposition unnecessary after that vote of thanks, but still, if it is the wish of the Synod to express its opinion, pray do so. In that case, as a Judge who may have to try the case, I shall object to be present, as I wish to keep my mind clear. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson—I have not the slightest doubt, after the expression on two occa sions—the noble and manly expression of your opinions on this subject—that when the thing has to be properly and officially dealt with, your Lord ship will act according to the principles you have expressed; but I would say, when 1 used the term Ritualism, as it exists here, and express my desire to protest against it. I do not refer to what your Lordship calls illegal Ritualism, or that which the Law Courts in England have decided to be illegal—I would guard myself in this—I allude to the whole system of Ritualism as being one against which, as a member of Synod, I wish to protest, and upon which I am anxious to get the opinion of the Synod. I do not wish to confine myself to a pro- test against the introduction into this colony of one or two points prohibited by the Law Courts in England—for there are some points not prohibited by the Law Courts—which I object to; what I wish to get the views of Synod on includes all the practices with Romanizing tendencies introduced into the Church. (Hear, hear.) His Lordship—Very well, then, I have again to take this other exception. You have distinctly stated that you do not mean to confine yourself to a certain course, but express your opinion on I know not what. Then I say that I have no power to go beyond the law, or alter the law; and I could not award punishment if the charges were proved. If what you call Ritualism were proved, it would he impossible to sustain a judgment in the Civil Courts here, because any decision here would be overridden by the decision of the Privy Council; you would be going against the preamble which forms one of the fundamental principles of our Church. I say, then, that this resolution being a general bill of attainder against certain persons and certain Churches, which are not specified, I cannot as a Judge sit here; and whether gentlemen who will have to act as assessors can do so and yet act with impartiality, I leave it to them to say. Unless the motion is altered or takes some other shape—which I believe is done in the case with another motion on the paper—I for one cannot feel it to be either just or equitable, or consonant with the principles of fair dealing, to sit here while it is debated. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson—I should be sorry, my Lord, to press a motion against which your Lordship has spoken so decidedly. (Hear, hear.) If it will in any way render your Lordship's course difficult I shall withdraw it, for it has not been seconded as yet. But before doing so I would say that I could not strike out the clause in which it is stated that Ritualism has been attempted to be intro duced into Chmches in this colony, as that is the only connecting link between Ritualism as it exists in England and the necessity for action against it here. If it had appeared in England only and not here, it would indeed be arguing on a broad and bare question to judge of its merits now; but as many of us feel, whether rightly or wrongly, that Ritualism has been attempted to be introduced into some of our Churches here, it is just that clause which enables me to bring the subject before Synod. Without that I could not easily have done so. The whole tendency of the motion is an ex pression of our unabated attachment to the prin ciples of the English Reformation, and a determi nation to oppose the spread of doctrines opposed to that Reformation. Under the circumstances, as it appears I cannot move this without rendering it difficult for His Lordship to act in future, and as it is quite possible that the necessity may be felt to deal with this subject in another way. I shall, not wishing in any way to prejudice your Lordsliip or the ascessors, beg leave to withdraw the motion. His Lordship— I think it worthy of Mr. Ibbetson's character that, having pointed out the real ground of objection, he should withdraw the motion. No doubt the question will be raised in a different way; nut the best way is to bring it to the test of charge and trial. (Cheers.) That is the best course; and then, in discharge of our duty to God and our neighbour, we shall do the best we can to act faithfully and impartially. (Hear, hear.) Mr. F. Wicksteed moved, and the Rev. Canon Farr seconded, that Mr. Ibbetson have leave to withdraw his motion. Mr. Thrupp wished on this motion to say a few words. He regretted deeply the withdrawal of the motion. He was fully conscious of the feelings which operated upon His Lordship's mind; but he believed he had misapprehended the course which he trusted the debate would have taken. In making the suggestion to Mr. Ibbetson, which he was sorry had been acceded to, he had removed a better remedy than the one he had proposed for the evil which they all felt—(cheers)—and had thrown them back upon that eourse of action, which, whilst it would not obviate any of the bickering or ill-feeling which must east where there was a strong party feeling, or antagonistic feeling, would at the same time involve the Church here in all the difficulties which the Church at home was encompassed with. The expression of opinion conteroplaud by Mr. Ibbetson might have accomplished the entire cure of that evil. Had the opinion of Synod been almost unanimously expressed against what was called Ritualism—a term which all perfectly under stood, although they might not be able to define it —(Cries of "No" and "Yes")—it would have had the effect of nipping the evil in the bud, and of rendering unnecessary all those proceedings which might hereafter be called persecution, besides enabling the clergy, instead of pursuing the course they had been pursuing, to fall back again to their former courses, as some had done at home after accusations had been made against tliem. The Rev. Canon Farr—My Lord, I rise to a point of order. Mr. Thrupp has no right to charge the whole of the clergy with being Ritualists. I have done nothing which any one can object to. Mr. Thrupp—God forbid that I should do so. I referred only to some. The Rev. Canon Farr—You said the clergy as a body. I am very zealous of the reputation of our Order. (Cheers.) Mr. Thrupp—I am delighted to hear that state ment, and the disavowal of the Rev. Mr. Farr. The Rev. Mr. Dove—Will you be so kind as to name some of the clergy you refer to. Then they may be able to answer you. His Lordship —No; the names had better be reserved. That is one of the objections I took. Mr. Thrupp—If a discussion of this character is to be stifled—(Order, order, and Hear)—I say to be stifled. The Rev. Mr. Webb—I rise to order. Mr. Thrupp has no right to impute motives. Mr. Thrupp—I have imputed no motives. The Rev. Mr. Webb—You have in using the word stifled. (Order, order.) Mr. Thrupp—I repeat, if this discussion is to be stifled His Lordship—I say, and I wish it to be taken down, that I deny any intention to stifle discussion. Dr. Duncan—Would your Lordship rule that the word must be withdrawn; His Lordship—I would leave that to Mr. Thrupp's good sense. Mr. Thrupp was ready to withdraw the word. The Rev. J. Pollitt—I would not withdraw the word. There is an attempt to stifle discussion. (Order.) Mr. Thrupp said the idea appeared to be that the Synod would be placed in a false position by coming to a decision on this motion: but he would point out that the preamble, which formed a most important part of their Constitution, said— "Whereas the Bishop, clergy, and laity of the Diocese of Adelaide, in South Australia, are ex posed to divers inconveniences by reason of the want of local regulation to meet the special circumstances and requirements of their position in this colony, insomuch that if a remedy for such inconveniences be not provided, the wholesome discipline of the Church may be relaxed, errors of doctrine creep in, and other grievances afflict the brethren." (Hear, hear.) One of their leading functions as a Synod was to assist His Lordship to maintain the truth and the principles of the Church in their integrity, and to devise such remedies as might be necessary from time to time to correct the errors which crept in amongst them. He knew of no better or more effectual remedy than for some general and strong expression of feeling to be given against the evils that had exhibited themselves in the mother country, and the seeds of which had already been sown in this diocese. (Hear, hear.) And he would put it to His Lordship whether the carrying of the resolution would do more to prejudice their minds than the Charge which lie in the conscientious discharge of his duty this year and last year he had delivered was calculated to produce. He had stated his opinion veiy strongly as to some of the practices of the clergy, and surely he would allow a like freedom of speech to them, in order that they might refer to such points as he might have passed over. (His Lord ship—"State them.") It was not competent for him to do so now, as he was simply speaking to the motion for withdrawal. His Lordship had stated that the motion was opposed to the declara tion of Synod, but its last words strictly limited it His Lordship—If you will permit me to explain, I would say that the words bracketed in the motion are all I objected to. Mr. Thrupp was ready to go for a modification of the motion, but he should regret deeply if the meeting passed over without their expressing an opinion on the subject of Ritualism. He did not wish to fight for particular words, but Mr. Ibbetson had been careful to keep within the declaration of their synodal compact. It avowed a strong anxiety for the maintenance of the faith as the Church in the mother-country upheld it, and he could only once more express his deep regret at its withdrawal, if the word "stifled" was objected to he was ready to use auy other that could he suggested; but certainly in his judgment the Synod had never had a subject brought before it more essential to the welfare of the Church in this Diocese than the present one. (Hear, hear.) He for one should vote against Mr. Wicksteed's motion. His Lordship had not asked Mr. Ibbetson to withdraw the motion, but only that particular part of it which charged his brother clergymen with certain acts. (Hear.) He agreed with much that Mr. Thrupp had said, but he had no desire to stifle enquiry. He had in his last two Charges brought the subject prominently forward, and he might say that, until within the last two years, by reason of the quietness which had prevailed in the English Church, he had never gone into and mastered this subject to his own satisfaction. He believed many of the clergy and laity were in that position now. These questions had remained in abeyance for nearly 300 years, and a great deal of thought and reading and prayer were necessary to enable any one to come to a proper and candid decision upon the subject. He had done what he believed to be right in the matter, but he could not fix the law. Different persons put different constructions on particular acts and words. All he asked was that an expression—a bill of attainer should not be brought against certain clergymen or the Diocese now, when hemight be called upon to sit on the judgment-seat to decide upon their case. To prejudge the matter now would be opposed to natural justice, natural equity, and the principles of English law. He asked that this motion should be withdrawn with the less reluctance from the fact that there was another on the paper on the same subject; and seeing that this was the fact: he could not be said to wish to stifle discussion. (Hear, hear.) He was surprised that the Rev. Mr. Pollitt should have reiterated that painful word which Mr. Thrupp had withdrawn. Mr. Thrupp—I never meant to imply anything against your lordship, for I felt confident you would deal properly with the subject when it came on for legal determination. I merely wished to save your lordship from being placed in the un fortunate position of a Judge on such a question by obtaining from Synod a declaration of its opinion. His Lordship—The particular part I alluded to could be struck out. The Rev. J. Pollitt—Any remark I made might be taken in the same sense as the remark of Mr. Thrupp. His Lordship—You mean that I did wish to stifle discussion. The Rev. J. Pollitt—I never intended to refer to your Lordship, but to those noisy persons who said " Hear, hear, hear" to drown every one else in the room. (Laughter.) The Rev. Archdeacon Twopeny suggested that the Rev. Mr. Pollitt's motion should be taken immediately upon this one being with drawn. He wished, as one of the older clergymen of the Diocese, to warn the younger clergy that they should be very careful to see that any action taken was taken for the glory of God and the good of their fellow-creatures, and was not simply the result of holdings opinions differing from those of others. They were not judges of their brethren, and before bringing charges against them they shouli offer earnest prayer for divine guidance. The rev. Incumbent of St. John's had spoken of his wish to pronounce a judgment founded upon the principles of the Reformation; but he would like to ask what be meant by the principles, practices, and doctrines oi the Reformed Church. He did not think his reverend brother would wish to follow in the footsteps of the very early Reformers, for their practices and principles were more objectionable than those to which he now so strongly objected. (Hear, hear.) Or did he wish them to revert to the practices of the 17th and 18th centuries? For his own part, be thanked God that they had been delivered from those dead and lifeless times. The Rev. Canon Farr rose to order, and sub mitted that the Archdeacon was not speaking to the question. The Yen. Archdeacon Twopeny maintained that he was; but leaving that subject, he warned the members of Synod that this motion was nothing but a scheme to hand over the Church bound hand and foot to one particular party. Mr. Pollitt objected to such an accusation being brought against the mover. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny protested, as an Englishman and a Protestant against the dictation of the Incumbent of St. John's. He claimed com plete liberty of conscience in all things. The Church taught him that his salvation depended not upon tie truths as taught by that rev. brother or any one else, but upon the truths of the Bible, and therefore it was that he protested against the motion. The Lord Bishop said the question was whether the motion should be withdrawn. (Cheers.) He understood the Archdeacon to have suggested that Mr. Pollitt's should be taken instead. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny replied in the affirmative, and repeated that he felt his liberty, as a Christian clergyman, as an Englishman, and as a Protestant, interfered with by the motion. He cautioned all against being led away by any—he would not say Protestant—(Hear, hear)—because that was an unpleasant word which was differently interpreted—but by any party feeling. He pleaded for that freedom which they should be allowed to exercise without restriction, so long as they kept within the bounds of the English Church, to which they had sworn their allegiance. His Lobdship—These matters had better be discussed on the general question. The point now was whether this motion should be withdrawn and Mr. Pollitt's he proceeded with. He imagined that would raise the whole question without offence—(Hear, hear)—and that was why he wished it gone on with in preference to the other. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbstson—Does not the diffi culry of defining Ritualism present itself in Mr. Pollitt's resolution as well as mine? His Lordship—I have decided that already; I cannot argue it again. The motion that Mr. Ibbetson have leave to withdraw his proposition was carried, there being 27 for and 9 against. The Rev. James Pollitt then moved— "That in the opinion of this Synod it is of the highest importance to the unity and well-being of the members of the United Church of England and Ireland in the Diocese of Adelaide that the Lord Bishop of the Diocese be earnestly requested to use his influence for the correction and preven tion of such evils as are known by the terms Ritualistic or Romanizing in keeping with the tenor of his address at the opening of Synod, and that the ceremonies of the Church of England should be strictly carried out in accordance with the directions of the Book of Common Prayer." The question for consideration was plainly this— do the members of the Church of England in this diocese feel that there is anything of the sort referred to in the motion actually existing here If not, whence the rumours which had been cir culated, and whence the anxiety felt and expressed ? Had they taken alarm without cause? He knew nothing of it; he had seen nothing of the sort, and he felt nothing of it; but had heard others state that they had been very much pained and alarmed at the existeuee of practices known as Ritualistic. But then it was the duty of those who were acquainted with instances of the kind to present the clergyman complained of to the Bishop. (Hear, hear.) There had been nothing of that kind done, but he had brought forward his motion in order that the Synod might have an opportunity of expressing an opinion upon the subject, and thereby of strengthening and supporting him in the course he might be called upon to pursue. The duty devolved upon them of expressing their adherence to the principles of their forefathers; of being saved by the sacrifice and death of Christ, and not to be led away by mere matters of form or adornment which approximated to Romanism. He had heard it stated that the practice of the elevation of the Host had been witnessed in the colony; but those who saw them should have brought the matter under the notice of the Bishop. (Hear, hear.) He would not say more upon the subject beyond remarking that if there were instances of prostration, genuflexions, or other Ritualistic practices observed in the churches, it was the duty of those who witnessed them to take the proper action, so that the charges against the clergyman so offending might be investigated. The Rev. Canon Farr seconded the motion. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny remarked that the Rev. Mr. Pollitt had asked if there were any instances of genuflexions practised here. He did it himself; he always did it; and he felt that he only did that which was due to Him upon whom his salvation depended. Mr. R. B. Colley suggested that each speaker should preserve strict order in addressing the Bishop and speaking to the question before them. Mr. C. B. Young remarked that with regard to what was called Ritualism, there had been a great deal said about it, and but very little proved. He could not help thinking that His Lordship correctly stated the case when he remarked that the present movement was a great tidal wave which had reached the Church in every place and which would soon pass away. Still it was but natural that those who were attached to the Church should take the alarm. He had heard some wonderful stories respecting what was said to be done in the churches, but he believed that three-quarters of what was said was utterly untrue, and the rest highly coloured. (Hear, hear.) If he were to ask where the practices complained of actually oc curred, he should probably he referred to the Church at Walkerville, which he represented. And what was there at Walkerville Church to complain of? He knew that there had been those who went there to spy out their ways. (Hear, hear.) But they had gone away disappointed. (Hear and laughter.) The adornments of which they had heard so much consisted simply of the decorations put up by the ladies and children at Christmas and Easter, at which his own children assisted; and he did not know that there was anything Humanizing in that. (Hear, hear.) Then again they had the daily service and the administration of the Holy Com munion at the unusual time of half-past 7 in the morning. But surely if their clergyman and his congregation were sufficiently zealous and in earnest to attend to such services there could be no objection, and there ought not to be on the part of those who were too indifferent to attend to such matters. It was said by Mr. Formby the previous day that a man who had done a hard day's work would not be inclined to attend the evening services. But it was net so very difficult to say their prayers after a day's hard work, and at any rate the practice hail been found to be very successful at Walkerville. where many of the inhabitants had such little accommodation for worship in their own houses. He knew that he was "letting the cat out of the bag,' for doing which he hoped the Rev. Mr. Dove would forgive him: but in truth thev were only conforming to the Praver-Book. The only remedy, therefore, would be a revision of the Book of Common Prayer, which he, however, would be very sorry to see. He did not stand up as the champion of Ritualism, for his sympathies were all in the other direction. He could say his prayers as well in the plainest possible church as in one that was elegantly adorned; but he did not blame others who felt differently from himself. He, however, did stand up to defend his minister, who had been vilified, and of whom things had been said which, if true, would prove him to be a traitor to the Church. The charges laid against him were untrue, and as the reverend gentleman was the minister of the Church he represented, he felt it to be his duty to stand up and vindicate his character. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe there was a more earnest and conscientious minister in the diocese. (Hear, hear.) He did not say that zeal could compensate tor true doctrine; but he had never heard from his minister anything con- trary to sound doctrine; and further, he had heard him declare that if anything was done in the Church which wounded the conscience of any one of the members it should be discontinued. Con sequently, if auricular confession, transubstantia tion, or anything else tending to Romanism were to be practised or taught, be himself would object to it as offensive, and it would be put an end to. If, then, all that had been said respecting some other churches had no better foundation than that which was reported respecting Walkerville, there was very little cause for com plaint. It was because he believed the rumours to have been circulated without any just cause that be wished to see the subject investigated. (Ap plause.) His Lordship remarked that the Rev. Mr. Pollitt had not brought forward his motion because he was in possession of any facts upon which to base a charge against any of the clergy, but the contrary. Why, he had himself been informed within the last few days, by a respectable person, that when he was at Curistchurch, Yankalilla, four years ago, he crossed himself several times; and this was related upon the authority of an old Scotch woman, who saw it. (Laughter.) Some thing had been said about letting the cat out of the bag. Now, he remembered Reverdy Johnson having said that the worst pur pose to which they could put a bag was to put a cat into it. (laughter.) It was much better to let it out, and that reminded him that the Rev. Mr. Pollitt invited him to attend at the opening of his church after it had been repaired, and certainly of all the Ritualistic churches in the colony, both in regard to its archi tecture and adornments and the arrangements for the opening services, that was the worst. (Laughter.) It only required one or two other things to give it the character of full-blown Ritualism. And yet who was more free from Ritualism than the Rev. Mr. Pollitt himself? His font and the chancel of the church were all very Ritualistic in their form and adornments of blue, red, and gold; but what of that? He only men tioned this to show how much might be made of a very little, and he believed that nine-tenths of what was rumoured abroad was untrue. Mr. G. W. Hawkes moved the following amend ment:— "That this Synod desires to record the opinion that the forms and ceremonies of the Church of England should be strictly carried out in accord ance with the directions of the Book of Common Prayer." In doing so he wished to express his desire that the speeches delivered during that important debate would be characterized by the same spirit as was showa by Mr. Young, who was a member of one of the churches the minister of which had been slandered as a Ritualist. He had frequently attended his ministry, because he esteemed him as a faithful minister, and he had also often attended St. Paul's, but he had never witnessed anything at either to which the least objection could be taken. If there had been anything of the kind, such as the elevation of the host, or any other Romish practices, he would have been the first to have brought it under the notice of the Bishop. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Duncan seconded the amendment. He had heard a great deal at Port Adelaide about Ritualism; but what did it all mean? He remem bered many years ago that the service of the Church of England consisted in the performance of a duet between the parson and the clerk, and that the congregation merely went to look on, and see what was being done. Any person who allowed his voice to be heard in the responses was looked upon as somebody who had not been pro perly brought up, and it was not considered re spectable to be heard in the singing. (Hear and laughter.) But it was not so now. His Lordship had expressed an opinion that a great tidal wave had passed over the minds of men: and it was certain that this upheaval had produced important results in regard to religion, science, aud literary criticism; and further, that any attempt to stop its progress would be like trying to stop the onward progress of the tide. It would go on, do what they might to arrest it. ft was a movement which might be guided, but could not be successfully resisted. In regard to religion, this impulse had induced earnest men to devote their energies to the service of the Church, and the laity who had the love of God burning in their hearts felt that they also had their parts to take in the services of the Church as well as the parson and the clerk. Another result of this movement was aesthetic in its character. Men of taste felt that the old church music was not beautiful enough, and that the architecture of the churches was susceptible of great improvement. These things, however, were of but comparatively small importance. The greatest and the most dangerous effect produced by the general upheaval to which he had referred was the wide-spread infi delity which characterized the age. It was a fact that religion was very extensively ignored by men of learning and scientific attainments. His Lordship asked how this was connected with the subject before the Synod. Dr. Duncan said his object was to show that Ritualism was a mere bugbear, and that infidelity was the great evil that threatened the Church. The practices of the Church might he called Ritualistic, but they were not Romanizing in their tendency, but merely matters of taste. Why, a clergyman of the Church of Scotland informed him that he had put a harmonium in his church, and he was told in consequence that he was going directly to Rome. (Laughter.) What were the errors against which the Reformers protested? The sale of indulgences was one of those errors; but he had not heard of any clergyman being charged with that. Then, again, they protested against the doctrine of the trausubstantiation of the elements of the Holy Communion, in which, however, no person in his right mind could believe. There might he some abstract belief in the subjective real presence; but they must judge of others by their actions, and unless the elements themselves were adored, the doctrine of transubstantiation could not be believed. In the case of Martin v. Mackonochie, the Privy Council determined that the lighting of candles during the daytime and ether matters of that kind were only ceremonials. So in some of the churches the clergyman was accused of stand ing with his back to the people and his face to the altar during the consecration of the elements, and in a case brought before His Lordship it was ruled by him that the clergyman should stand on the north side of the altar, and not in front of it, con trary to the decision of the Privy Council. His Lordship said that there was no judgment in the latter case. The question was left undecided. But in the other instance he was called upon to give judgment, and he did so in accordance with his own opinion upon the subject, and to the best of his ability. Dr. Duncan— No doubt: but the Privy Council appeared to have taken a ditfereut view. He could assure His Lordship that he had no sympathy with anything having a Romanistic tendency, and that he regretted very much that there should be such a popular outcry against men who were zealous and earnest in the performance of their duties. The accusations were brought in such a vague manner that they could not be met. Thus, in the church he attended himself a report was circulated on the Monday after the administration of the sacrament that the clergyman elevated the host, but the report was afterwards traced to a person who never saw the host elevated, and did not know what it meant. He only spread the report by way of producing a little excitement, without re- flecting that it was calculated to militate against the usefulness as well as the character of the clergyman. There were some persons who objected to the practice of bowing at the name of Jesus, but he could not see that there was any thing of a Romanizing tendency in that. There fore they who objected to the practice themselves ought not to carry their objections so far as to complain that others did it. He did not believe in the doctrines of the Romish Church, but he was not prepared to cast aspersions on those who upon aesthetic principles renounced the mere formalism which was so much more prevalent 30 years ago. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny, at the request of His Lordship, and with permission of the Synod, again addressed the meeting. He sup ported the amendment, because he believed they would not have heard anything about the resolution if it had not been for the defective teaching of those who had not fully investigated the subject. With regard to Ritualism, he believed there were many who did not understand it. He was himself brought up under the care and ministration of his revered grandfather, who was a minister of the Church for 50 years, and who died in 1843; and he could only say that the practices which were now considered as innovations were those in common use by the earnest men of his day. He was taught to repeat the morning and evening prayers daily, and he only regretted that the practice had fallen into disuse. His grandfather performed the daily services in his church, and in that respect he only followed the practice of his predecessor. Objections had been taken to genuflections. He did not exactly know what was meant, but he was taught to bow to the holy name of Jesus, and he could not see that there was anything Romanizing in paying homage to the name of the great author of their salvation. He wished that the practices of their Church were better understood and more faithfully followed. He believed that in this colony their catechism was in many instances entirely neglected in their schools. (Hear, hear.) It ought not to be so. They did not find such to be the case amongst other denominations. The Presbyterians and Wesleyans, for instance, taught their cate chisms; and if they were not ashamed of their principles, neither should the members of the Church of England be ashamed to teach the truths in which they as a Reformed Church gloried. (Applause.) He believed that they had all been neglectful more or less in upholding the principles iu which they believed—and he was guilty in that particular as well as others—but he thought that many of them were alarmed without cause upon other matters. He asked them as Christian men not to brand a number of the clergy as traitors merely because they were trying to carry out what was taught in the Book of Common Prayer, to which they had all at their ordination promised to comply. (Hear, hear.) He believed that in doing this they were using one of the means of bringing souls to Christ. He was 50 years of age, and had been 21 years in the ministry, and they would therefore, he hoped, allow htm to urge upon them the necessity of more earnestness, and a greater determination to see if there was not some- thing wrong in their own teaching before they took upon themselves to censure their brethren. The zeal of such men, though it might be mingled with some amount of formalism, was less offensive to the Almighty, and less to be deprecated, than that amount of indifference and utter neglect which was so prevalent. He had taken part of the service for the Rev. Mr. Dove on one occasion, and he had been extremely gratified to see the large and devout congregation of working men which were assembled within the church, although he was informed that the number present was, if anything, lees than usual. He could not stand by and see his brother clergymen branded as Romanists. The Rev. J. Pollitt—Who has found fault with Mr. Dove? Has anybody? Mr. C. B. Young—Yes; hundreds of people. (Laughter and Hear, hear.) His Lordship—If you read the motion you will find that it makes no specific charges. The Rev. Mr. Dove—I am quite willing to be accused. (A laugh.) The Rev. Mr. Pollitt—I would ask Mr. Twopeny what he means by my defective teaching. Mr. N. Blyth rose to order, and submitted that the rev. gentleman could only speak in reply. The Rev. J. Pollitt—I have a right to ask an explanation. His Lordship—You can refer to that in sum ming up. Dr. Gosse should have no objection to go for the amendment, although it was not in antagonism to the motion. (Hear, hear.) He should like to know, however, by what standard these Ritualistic and Romanizing practices were to be judged; what were the particular errors excepted under those terms. When at school he had been compelled to turn-his face to the east when repeating the Creed, and he continued to do so now quite instinctively. If that was a Ritual istic practice he must plead guilty to it. He should like to have the Ritualistic tendencies defined before he gave his vote. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson considered that the action of what might be termed the Anti-Ritual istic party had been misunderstood. He had been to some extent identified, with the movement against Ritualism, and for himself and those whom he had been brought into contact with, he believed he could say that if the matter ended with mere acts of external worship not a voice would be raised with regard to it. It was not because the cup might be elevated, or even the host—if such a thing was done; it was not because the minister might go into the pulpit and cross himself three times before he commenced his sermon, or turned his back when he concluded; it was not these things that caused, alarm, but it was from their being viewed as indications of what was to follow. (Cheers.) It was from looking upon these things as a system of interpretation which would lead the souls of the people away from the Saviour—lead them to trust in the Church, and sacrament, and priesthood. (Hear, hear.) He was anxious to give every man credit for the best intentions, but it was an apprehension of what these things would tend to in the way of the publication of manuals and devotions and instructions for the young, and so forth and other acts of a Romanizing character, which led them to call upon His Lordship to take steps to check the spread of Ritualism. Nothing could be more painful to him, especially as for some time past he had been in weak health, than to be called upon to say any- thing in opposition to his brother clergy He repudiated the idea of taking a pleasure in such things; but he had taken the ordination vow, and it called upon him to be ready with faithful diligence to banish and drive away strange doctrine contrary to God's Word—(Cheers)— and he felt that he would not be acting up to that vow if he did not, however ineffectually, enter his decided protest against the things he had touched upon, simply as being an indication of a system the tendencies of which he had been familiar with for years. He for years had had as his bosom friend the Chancellor of Lincoln Cathedral, the Rev. Charles Smith Reid, a gentleman whose writings against all doctrines of a Romanizing character were well known, and he had been early embued with the utmost abhorrence of any- thing approaching such doctrines. He therefore felt very anxious that whatever latitude was allowed to the ministers of the Church, great care should be exercised to avoid these grave errors. A definition of Ritualism had been asked for; but it was one of those matters in which a definition was needless, unless it was called for in a Court of Law. It was well understood what was meant by it. It con- sisted in external acts implying certain doctrines, and but for the implication the acts would never be objected to. Did the doctrine, not lead to usurpation by the priesthood and the undue exaltation for it had an authority which all Christian men should submit to—it would no be condemned. But there had been an exaltation of the Church winch they could not consistently with their liberty as Christian men assent to. The tendency of this was to place the minister—the presbyter in the place of a sacrificing priest; and as a consequence, to make him a necessary mediator between the sinner and his Saviour. (Hear hear) Auricular confession, too, was insisted upon and with regard to the sacrament of the Lord's Supper so many regulations and instructions were issued for the guidance of those who should worthily par take of it, that it became a cumbrous and super- stitious system, approaching as nearly as the Church of England service would allow to the Romanist doctrine of the mass. For instance, he had seen quoted in one of Dr. Cummings's lec tures an extract from a sermon delivered in St. Alban's Church, in which it was stated that the communicant should be careful as to the way he passed out his hand to receive the Lord God. Now in the didactic portion of the system there might be no reference to consubstantiation, to say nothing of transubstantiation, but what could be the object of these rules, regulations, and instruc- tions? Did not such language as he had quoted, if not in so many words, yet virtually imply the doctrine of consubstantiation? He alluded to the system alone in the remarks he made, and not to any particular clergyman. He had never in any part he had taken in this Ritualistic movement brought charges against any individual. The object of his resolution had been to avoid such charges, as it was not the duty of a clergyman to bring accusations against another unless his conduct amounted to a dreadful heresy. His Lordship—That is a very dreadful heresy that you have alluded to. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson—No clergyman in this Diocese has been guilty of it. (Cheers.) Still, those who adopted and answered to the name of Ritualists identified themselves with the system, and he and others might be excused some little alarm lest those who thus adopted the designation were led n to adopt the practices of Ritualism as they existed in England. (Hear, hear.) It was this jealousy against Popery in any shape and form which had been characteristic of him all his life which induced him to take the action he had taken. A great deal too much had been made of the subject of zeal. He had lately come across an extract, giving words ascribed to the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, in which a firm conviction was expressed that a great many of the errors of the Church in the present day had been due to a feverish restlessness on the part of the clergy to be always doing. He did not wish at all to deprecate activity; but if this took the place of calm study, thoughtfulness, meditation, the reading of God's Word, and the prayerful reading of God's Word—and he could inform the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny that he never read the Bible and never came to the meetings of Synod without first earnestly supplicating the Divine guidance—it became an evil. There were others besides those who paid a close regard to externals who felt a burning zeal for souls. It was not a right test of ministers or men to discriminate between them according to their outward zeal. They knew well that one man might tell the truth and not care to impress it on his hearers, whilst another might move heaven and earth to make them believe a falsehood. (Hear, hear.) It was not those who, like the Pharisee, went into the corners of the streets to be seen of men, or who visited houses which there was no occasion to visit, who were to be regarded as model ministers. He did not care how meri torious in the eyes of men a clergyman might be if he did not make the cross of Christ, not the material cross, but the crucifixion of the Saviour, the sum and centre of his work and preaching; that man was not doing the work of Christ, and was not a faithful minister of the Church. He spoke this, because in the remarks made there seemed to have been a disposition to draw off the mind of Synod from the doctrinal view to the mere external view associated with it. He strongly urged the necessity of guarding themselves against being brought back to the tangible and material at the expense of the spiritual. (Hear, hear.) He was one who felt great gratification in beautiful church architecture, in sweet, soft, and solemn music, vocal and instrumental. He felt delight in hearing the congregation join as one man in the responses, and he would yield to none in his love for the Liturgy and the service of the Church; but he could have no sympathy with this Ritualistic movement. It admitted the doctrine of prayers being offered for the dead—a doc- trine which implied the existence of pur- gatory. (No, no.) The teaching of the Church was that at death the soul went to heaven or hell. (No, no, and Yes.) If to the latter, as a place of endless torment, prayers were useless; if to the former, they were needless. There was implied in the offering of prayers for the dead the existence of a middle state. The Ritualism recognised invo cation of the Saints and the Virgin Mary. His Lordship—I believe you are quite correct. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson continued—And there could not be a doubt, as was admitted by its organ, the Church Times, that the cele bration of Mass was permitted. There might not be a great deal in this, but as Protestants they did not like any approach to the old system. (Hear, hear) Then the frequent administration of the sacrament—seven times a week, he believed, was the practice at St Albans—came very near to the masses of the Roman Catholic Church, and to the recommenda tion of Archdeacon Wilberforce in his book on the Eucharist, which the Rev. Chas. Smith Reid criti cised, in favour of daily communion in the Church of England with or without a congregation. His Lordship—That contradicts the rubric, which says there must be two or three present, The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson next alluded to auricular confession and priestly absolution, speaking of the partial warrant for these things in the Prayer- book as being the remnants of the Romish doctrines which it was the object and aim of the Reformation to expunge. The tendency of the present ritualistic movement was to advance the interests or sacerdotalism, and recognise the necessity of priests to act as mediators between God and the sinner; and against this he felt bound solemnly to protest. With regard to the Reforma tion, he had had no intention of reverting to the history of that event, but merely to rely upon its principles as expressed by the Church Articles, the Church Liturgy, and the Homilies. (Cheers.) He was but little conversant with the history of the Reformed Church; but he had intended to discharge his conscience by placing the matter before the Synod on the basis he had mentioned. He had allowed the first day's meet ing to pass without taking action, hoping some one else would have introduced the subject; but he felt that it would have been dereliction of duty on his part had he allowed the question to go unnoticed. He supported the motion. The Rev. Mr. Dove said although he had a very great deal of sympathy with Ritualism he made it his daily study to try to under stand the principles of the Reformation. He could say most heartily that he protested against the Papal supremacy—(Hear, hear)—he protested against the worship of the Blessed Virgin—(Hear, hear)—against the sacrifice of masses—(Hear, hear)—against enforced confession. (Hear, hear.) And there, unless in a few minor details, his Protestantism ended. Yet he hoped he was a member and a priest of the Holy Catholic Church, and as such he subscribed to the Prayer Book, and made it his daily endeavour to try to understand what it taught, and to set acccrding to it. He had a weekly celebration of the holy com munion, and in this practice he believed he was acting in accordance with Goi's Holy Word, and in a way which would tend to increase the holiness of life of those who communicated. They could not from time to time hear the words "Who soever eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not dis cerning the Lord's body," without fear, and this fear would lead them to crucify the flesh with its lusts. It would lead them to look to the Cross of Christ, and enable them to see how much Christ loved them. The Saviour did not intend that the effort of a logical mind should be required prior to the proper reception of the sacra ment, but only earnest, faithful hearts. With regard to the definition of doctrines, he was altogether at a loss in regard to them; but it was sufficient for him to say—"My Lord said, 'Take, eat, this is My body; take, drink, this is My blood.' " (Hear, hear.) If be could only lead people to see the great benefit of the Holy Sacra ment, the weekly communion would not have been established in vain. Then, the Church had supplied a general confession of sin instead of the private confessions which before the Reformation had been made to the priest; and it was only in extreme cases that private con fessions were ordered to be made. He did not think, however, that he would be teaching the doctrines of the Church of England if he did not exhort people to came to him or some other dis creet and learned minister of God's Word, and make confession, if they could not quiet their consciences in any other way. (Hear, hear.) That he did both in public and private. When he was first ordained he was not even aware that it was enjoined on clergymen to say matins and evensong; but he had now made his practice accord with that injunction. The reason why he practised it in public was that he found he could always get two or three to say prayers with him, and when the lessons were said aloud in God's house one under stood them much better, and they appeared much more solemn. He should support Mr. Hawkes's amendment. He thanked Mr. Young and others for the credit they had given him in respect to the congregation at St Paul's, but the main part of it was due to the Rev. Mr. Howitt. (Cheers.) The Rev. Canon Farr a said the whole question resolved itself into two distinct parts—Ritualism at home and Ritualism here—and everyone who had heard the discussion would be able to leave with the satisfactory feeling that a great many ex aggerated stories had been afloat, and much unnecessary alarm excited in respect to its develop ment in the colony. He should support the resolution, because he felt although the necessity for it after His Lordship's Charge was not very apparent, yet that if it was rejected after the Synod had thanked the Bishop for his address, it would appear as if they declined to confirm the sentiments enunciated in it. (Hear.) He intended also to vote for the amendment of Mr. Hawkes' as a rider to the motion. He maintained that it was the duty of a clergyman in this diocese to look after the work which lay before him in all directions, and not simply to give attention either to writing, or preaching, or visitation. Per sons had been lost to their Church through the neglect of house-to-house visitation—a duty im posed upon the clergy by their ordination vows. The reason for his having said "No, no" when the last speaker alluded to prayers for the dead was because it had been distinctly decided in the Law Courts at home that such prayers were allowed by the Service of the Church. The doctrine was not as stated by Mr. Ibbetson, for it was taught that there was an intermediate state in which the souls of the departed rested for a while. Archbishop Whately, on this subject, took a view different from that of Mr. Ibbetson; and in the Holy Scrip tures there was warrant for prayers for the dead in the expressions, "Thy kingdome come," and "Lord, how long?" There was a certain kind of Ritualism, which God forbid he should live to see introduced into this colony. It found its exponents in a number of clergy who addressed a memorial to the Archbishop of Canterbury on the 30th of May, 1867. This was published in the Atlantic Monthly, and contained the following declaration of faith:—"We believe that Christ himself really and truly, but spiritually and in effably present in the Sacrament, is therein to be adored." In opposition to that he placed the state- ment of Dr. Hooker—"The real presence of Christ's most blessed body and blood is not, therefore, to be sought for in the Sacrament, but in the worthy receiver of the Sacra ment." These two doctrines were diametrically opposed to each other, and if Rititualism meant that, which it was said there to mean, they could not do better than by passing this resolution. Let men at home know that this was not the Ritualism they meant to have; let them have the Ritualism zeal and work; let them say daily prayers in their churches; let all be filled with energy like Mr. Dove; but let them try to preserve intact the doctrine of the Reformation—the true old Catholic doctrine, not defaced by Romish error. The Rev. Mr. Webb could not, accepting as he did in its entirety the teaching of the Book of Common Prayer as contained in its articles and liturgy, agree to the motion, because he stood there as a friend to one of those gentlemen who had signed the memorial which Mr. Farr had read, and he unhesitatingly, and with the greatest bold ness possible, affirmed that he really and truly believed that the views put forward by these clergy men, although not binding on him or his conscience, were his belief, and were the teaching of the Church of England. (Oh, oh.) He might be damaging his cause and himself by making an avowal like that, but in these days of trimming, in these days of excess and defect, he could not quietly repudiate that which he believed to be the doctrine of the Church of England, because they were told that the body and blood of Christ were truly and indeed taken and received by the faithful (the Latin was fideles) in the Last Supper; and also, he believed that this holy Communion was not only the com memoration of the death of Christ—not only the showing forth of the Lord's death until he came— but that it was, as the Prayer-Book told them, their spiritual food and sustenance. He believed, also, that, in the words of humble access made use of, there was a recognition of the present Invisible Spiritual, and Ineffable; and with this agreed the 28th Article of their Church, which told them that the body and blood of Christ were given, taken, and received after a spiritual and heavenly manner, that the means whereby that ineffable mystery was received was not de pendent upon the faith of the communicant, but that their Lord was really and truly ever present after a spiritual and heavenly fashion, and in this interpretation the author of the article con curred, as appeared from a letter of his, pub lished in the charge of the Bishop of Gloucester. He deemed it his duty as a minister of the Church so to teach. It was said that there was great fear of this leading to the usurpation of power by the priesthood, (h ear, hear.) He did not believe that for a moment, for it must be the people who put themselves into the hands of the priesthood. He protested against priestcraft in every form; but he solemnly, as a priest of the Church, stood up for the rights of his order, for the spiritual nature of the mark and character that was impressed upon him when the hands of the Bishop were laid on his head, and when solemnly, before the face of all the earth, not once as it happened but every time a priest was ordained there was a power communicated as expressed by the Saviour, "whosesoever sins ye remit they are remitted, and whosesoever sins ye retain they are retained." As Dr. Hooker put it, words were to be taken in their plain literal and grammatical sense, unless there was something repulsive in such an inter- pretation being put upon them—(Hear, hear)—and he believed the delegated power of the priesthood was derivable not by the will of man, but of God. As often as they showed forth the precious death of Christ they were doing on earth what he was doing in Heaven. He protested, as a good Pro testant was bound to, although he sometimes said he was not a Protestant—(Cheers)—against the fact that there was any new sacrifice, he pro tested against the sacrifice of the masses. He should ever maintain that as a priest of the Church of England he had received from the hands of the Bishop, the successor of the Apostles, the power and the gift not only to remit sins upon true repentance—of course the sentence must be ratified in Heaven—not only so, but to give absolution to the poor penitent who came burdened with his sins, and laid them before him as a spiritual physician. This doctrine he should uphold as long as God gave him power to do it on earth. He believed further that when he was ordained he was bound to listen to any complaints brought to him, and to commu nicate ghostly counsel and advice to those who came to him burdened in their consciences. They were bound to visit from house to house, to search out not only the sick but the whole, and he faithful to their ordination vows in endeavouring to banish error of whatever form it was—(Hear, hear)—whether it came as latitudinarianism or any other guise. They were not called upon to pitch into the Romauists alone, but into the others as well. (Laughter.) They occupied a position be tween Romanism on the one hand, and Pro testant dissent on the other—to tell the latter of their errors as well as seek the conversion of the poor ignorant Roman Catholics as they were generally called, although, as far as his experience went, they were far better educated in the articles of their faith than the highly-educated Protestants. (Oh, oh.) They were bound in their capacity of priests to minister con tinually, and to devote themselves heart and soul, time and talent, money and everything else to the service of God. He did not wish to see this assembly turned into a debating class as to whether the doctrine of the Real Presence was taught in the English Church or not. He had stated what he believed to be the true doctrine, and he stood by and was ready to subscribe to the declaration headed by Wm. John Butler, near of Wantage. Mr. N. Blyth was much gratified at the tone which the discussion had taken throughout; but he must vote against the resolution on the ground so well put by Mr. Young. The time had not come for passing such a motion; although if any thing could have induced him to change his view on that point it would have been the remarks of the last speaker. He congratulated Mr. Pollitt in having obtained so stanch an ally. (A laugh.) If he thought his views were general he would sup port the resolution; but he did not think so. Personally be was as strongly hostile to Ritualism as it was possible to be; but he did not deem it necessary to go at length into his own views. In the Church of Eng- land were collected men of a variety of different schools of thought—men who. while agreeing on the vital doctrines of Christianity, agreed to almost nothing else, and he believed he was speaking the views of His Lordship when he held that the limits within which the ministers of the Church should be confined in doctrinal matters ought not to be drawn too close. (The Bishop—"Hear, hear.) The same differences would be found in other Churches, so that their case was not a singular one. It was impossible that a faith moulded and tied down not only to run in one groove, but to have merely one form of expression, could be worthy of the name. With regard to the memorial which had been sent round for signature, he maintained that numbers of those who signed it did not at all under stand it—(Hear, hear)—and that it was quite a false step to adopt this course until the machinery provided for dealing with such matters had been availed of. It was very gratifying to him that they were able to discuss these topics in the spirit in which they had been discussed; and, with regard to the Rev. Mr. Dove, he would say that if he did not derive improvement from all his sermons, the fault was in himself, and not in the rev. gentle man. Be could only say that if his doctrines and practices in the Church were Ritualistic, hehoped they might be greatly extended throughout the land. The Rev. Mr. Green expressed his pleasure that his own little difficulties with his parishioners had been settled privately. He was not a Ritualist in the proper sense of the word, although called so by those who did not know better. Coming as he did from a Dissenting family, he felt the full benefit of belonging to the Church which included within its boundaries men belonging to so many different rchools of thought. The human mind was many-sided, and it must he approached through many different channels. He believed the views of Mr. Webb had been misunderstood, because the paragraph read by Mr. Farr was very different in its interpretation from what it was taken in con nection with the preceding paragraph, which ran thus:—"We repudiate all 'adoration' of the sacra mental bread and wine which would be idolatry, regarding them with the reverence due to them because of their sacramental relation to the bodv and blood of our Lord. We repudiate also all adoration of a 'corporeal presence of Christ's natu ral flesh and blood'—that is to say of the presence of His body and blood as they 'are in heaven.' " He believed there was not a member of Synod who would not give in his adhesion to the doctrine as thus extended. The adoration that was intended was an adoration neither of the elements them selves, nor of the corporeal presence, but of Christ present after a heavenly and spiritual manner, and therefore he did most heartily acquiesce in that expression of faith. With regard to the feverish restlessness which existed in England, he was delighted that some of it had come over the seas, and had manifested itself in the diocese. In reference to the forgiveness of sins, it could not he supposed for a moment that there was any inherent virtue in the priest, for the virtue was in the office. He should not hesitate to administer the power committed to him in this respect at his ordination, He intended for the future to have daily prayer in his church, and in regard to this resolution, he woudl say that it was impossible for Synod to bind the clergy by it. He hoped the resolution of Mr. Hawkes would be carried, as he would be able then to point to it as a means of quieting the con sciences of any who might be offended by the establishment of daily prayer in his church. He repeated the statement that the clergymen who were called Ritualistic here were second to none in their principles of loyalty to the Reformed Church, and the desire to make the people not only Christians, but Churchmen, for a true Churchman was a true Christian. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt remarked that the motion had been misunderstood. It was not levelled against the practices of any in the diocese, but had been introduced by reason of the present aspect of affairs in England, and the fear lest such practices as prevailed there were introduced here. He believed there was nothing in South Australia which could be called Ritualism, and for himself he had kept clear of the memorial that had been sent round for signature, thinking the members of the Churches might be better employed. (Cheers.) His Lordship—That memorial is not before the Synod as far as I know. The Rev. H. M. Pollitt would not further allude to it, but must express his gratification that in the ministry and laity of the Church of England there were men who did not pronounce their shibolleth exactly alike. So long as the clergy could teach according to the Articles and Liturgy, it was amatter for rejoicing that they were not all of the same school. He believed, if the Synod were to affirm the motion that the rubrics of the Prayer-book should be strictly ad hered to, it would be an easy way out of bickering and strife. (Cheers.) If all were prohibited from going beyond the Prayer Book the great source of quarrel would be removed. Their differences would only then be concerning things of minor importance. He should gladly support both propositions. Mr. Thrupp regretted the discussion had been made to assume such a personal aspect, and that many of the speeches should consist of the defence of individual clergymen and self-accusa tion on the part of others. He should have liked greatly to have had the debate confined to a protest against Ritualism itself. It had been alleged that there was a difficulty in defining the term; but hardly one man had risen who had not shown clearly that in his own mind he had a well-defined idea of what it meant. It might be said that Ritualism was nothing else but the practices and and doctrines of those who had dubbed themselves Ritualists. (Laughter.) For his own part, to give a concise definition of what he understood by the name, he should call it "infant Popery"—(Hear hear.)—and that was what was meant by the vast body of those antagonistic to Ritualism. To suppose that any one would object to daily services or weekly communions was simply preposterous. In England Ritualism, as regarded the laity, had been no doubt the result and reflex of the sensationalism of the period. That had displayed itself in almost every walk in life, and this was nothing but the sensationalism of religion. It was no use saying that it was not dangerous, for they had had abundant instances of those who practised Rititualism having gone over to Rome. (Hear, hear.) In its early development it was objectionable in two ways. First of all, through it matters which ought to be viewed as of little or no moment had been brought into prominence at the cost of things of vastly greater importance. When their minds were drawn away from the all-essential truths of the Gospel and the all-essential points of their wor ship by insignificant matters, such as vestments and the way they should stand and turn under different circumstances, it became a serious con sideration. (Hear hear.) But that was only half the evil, for those who had brought forward these small innovations at the be ginning had made them the stepping stone to introduce other doctrines, and had based those doctrines on the formularies which in themselves were so trivial. Once having inserted the tine end of the wedge, the minds of the people were led away into the erroneous doctrines of the Roman Church. The ceremonies became to be viewed as symbols of these erroneous doctrines. He was an indifferent ecclesiastical historian, but it was a fact that one of the objects in issuing the Prayer-Book was to suppress many of the cere monies and tendencies of the age in which it was written similar in their character to these now brought into notice. In the preface under the heading "Of ceremonies, why some be abolished and some retained," appeared these words:—"Of such ceremonies to be used in the Church, and have had their beginning by the institution of man, some at the first were of godly intend and purpose divine, yet at length turned to vanity and superstition; some entered into the Church by indiscreet devotion and such a zeal as was without knowledge; and for because they were winked at from the beginning they grew daily to more and more abuses, which not only for their unprofitableness, but also because they have much blinded the people and obscured the glory of God, are worthy to be cut away and clean rejected; others there be which although they have been devised by man, yet it is thought good to reserve them still, as well for a decent order in the Church (for the which they were first devised), as because they pertain to edifi ation, whereunto all things done in the Church (as the Apostle teacheth) ought to be referred." And regarding the ceremonies it was said:—"Some are put away because the great excess and multitude of them hath so increased in those latter days that the burden of them was intolerable; whereof St Augustine in his time complained that they were grown to such a number that the estate of Christian people was in worse case concerning that matter than were the Jews. And he coun selled that such yoke and burden should be taken away as time would serve quietly to do it. But what would St. Augustine have said if he had the ceremonies of late days used among us where unto the multitude used in his time was not to be compared. This, our excessive mul titude of ceremonies was so great, and many of them so dark, that they did more confound and darken than declare and set forth Christ's benefits unto us. And besides this, Christ's gospel is not a ceremonial law (as much of Moses' law was), but it is a religion to serve God, not in bondage of the figure or shadow, but in the freedom of the spirit; being content only with those ceremonies which do serve to a decent order and godly discipline, and such as be apt to stir up the dull mind of man to the remembrance of his duty to God by some notable and special significa tion whereby he might be edified. Furthermore the most weighty cause of the abolishment of cer tain ceremonies was they they were so far abused, and partly by the insatiable avarice of such as sought more their own lucre than the glory of God, that the abuses could not well be taken away, the thing remaining still." He felt, under the circumstances, that it was their duty to echo the Bishop's Charge, and not to allow this, the second Synod since His Lordship had first referred to the matter, to pass without some dis tinct resolution expressive of disavowal and disap probation of the Ritualistic tendencies of a portion of the English Church at the present day. What he had feared when he spoke previously was that His Lordship and those who thought with him would try to put a stop to the discussion of Mr. Pollitt's motion, which practically differed little from that of Mr. Ibbetson. He did not quite coincide with the wording of the motion, but it would be well to carry it, for he believed it would check the spread of Ritualism, which, judging by one speech that evening, at all events, seemed to have made its appearance in the diocese. (Hear, hear.) It would also strengthen His Lordship's hands, and the hands of these who worked with him, in endeavouring to suppress these erroneous doctrines in any hole or corner in which they might have exhibited themselves. Of course, Ritualism did not hang upon one particular act, but as instances of the extravagances to which it would lead he might say that in one church in England a procession of ministers came all up the aisle to the communion table walking on their knees. (Laughter, and "Where?") He was not prepared to say where, but be believed this had actually occurred, and although the narra tion might create laughter at first, the true earnest Christian on reflection would entertain a very different feeling. At another church, during the peiformance of the communion, the leading minister stood with his back to the congregation and his hands spread out in the shape of a cross. On that occasion through some slight mishap a small portion of the bread fell to the ground, and thereupon one of the clergymen went flat on his face and picked it up with his mouth. That was a fact, for his uncle had seen the occurrence. Preachers like these were calculated to drag the Church through the dirt, to lead to the abuse of religion, to bring it into contempt and ridicule —(Hear, hear)—and altogether to destroy the effect and intention of public worship. Throughout this Diocese there was a strong earnest feeling on the part of the laity against the intro duction of such practices, and a determination to oppose them in every possible way. Recently in the Church at Mitcham there was a vacancy, and the congregation with one voice declared that they would not have at Ritualist member's stole, and that if a Ritualist was appointed they would instantly leave the Church. He had been in formed of cases in which persons had gone out of certain churches on account of the Ritualistic practices observed in them, and so feverishly excited were the laity on this point that they took alarm at the first symptons of this form of error. They were wise, too, for inch by inch it would grow. If winked at, as the Prayer-Book had it, it would, step by step, advance, and bring in all those abases which were productive of so much evil. (Cheers.) Mr. Toms had been in doubt with regard to this resolution, as he had been in reference to the memorial, whether it would be right to subscribe to the sweeping charges contained in it, but in the main he could endorse it. He was deeply sorry that after the remarks of Canon Farr, and the clear definition he had given of real Ritualism, that one gentleman should have claimed to be a Ritualist and not a Protestant. Were they not Protestants as well as Churchmen? He believed there were grave grounds for alarm. Within the last Sunday or two even persons had come to Trinity and asked that accommodation should be found them, stating that they had come be lieving that sound doctrine was preached there, whereas in places they had before attended some of the doctrines were not according to the teaching of the Church. In clear, forcible language one gentleman had that night stated his views, and claimed to be a Ritualist. The Rev. G. Dove—I claimed sympathy with Ritualism only—what you call Ritualism. Mr. Toms—I understood him to take the name of Ritualist. The Rev. Mr. Dove—No; I did not. His Lordship—At all events he has disclaimed it now. Mr. Toms—Then another has, with a great deal of bombast, expressed his views. The Rev Mr. Webb—I rise to order. His Lordship—I am afraid we are departing from that quiet calm tone which has characterized the debate. Mr. Toms was only a young member of Synod, and hoped to be excused; but from his position he knew that members were leaving other churches owing to what they conceived to be Ritualistic practices, and were asking to have sittings allotted them in Trinity Church, which was now quite full. Mr. W. A. Hawthorne said there seemed no doubt at all that Ritualistic tendencies existed in the colony. When Mr. Young spoke he felt dis posed to regard Ritualism as something implying enlarged zeal, a pleasing sort of ceremonial; but the remarks made by three of the clergymen had opened his eyes somewhat. One rev. gentleman said he had sympathy with Ritualism. If so, he would soon love it and marry it forthwith. (Laughter and Hear.) When one clergyman said he regarded the doctrine contained in a certain paragraph with the greatest horror, and another was ready to subscribe to it, he wished to know where was truth and where was certitude. He felt inclined to go with Ritualism as mildly ex plained by Mr. Young; he detested it as explained by the Rey. Mr. Dove. He informed such clergy- men that they had better form their own churches, and leave the Church of England. No man had a right to come into their Church, teach strange doctrine, endeavour to indoctrinate others with their views, and yet eat their bread and butter. He could not say who was right and who was wrong, but let these innovators build churches for themselves. How was it that these practices had arisen now? What had the Church been doing the last two or three centuries? (Rev. Mr. Dove— "Asleep.") And her awaking was to ecclesiastical finery and formularies, which had been unknown before. He protested against the Ritualistic doc trines being maintained as doctrines of the Church of England. He hoped the motion would be carried, and that this great heresy would be checked. The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat remarked that Mr. Cawthorne appeared altogether to have over- looked Mr. Blyth's eulogium on Mr. Dove. He had refrained from speaking so far, because he considered it was the laity who should express their sentiments, the clergy having other opportunities of expresing theirs. He thought, however, some of the statements made, and especially these of the Rev. Mr. Webb, ought not to be unnoticed. He had stated that Christ in the elements was to be adored, and that the reception of the sacrament was not dependent upon the faith of the receiver. He would simply in reply to that read from the 28th Article—"And the means whereby the body of Chiist is received and eaten in the Supper is faith." (Hear, hear.) Then, again, it was said "The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was not by Christ's ordinance reserved, carried about, lifted up, or worshipped." He knew that a quibble had been raised upon the words "by Christ's ordi- nance," with a view of showing that it was still right that the sacrament should be reserved, and so forth, but that was merely a quibble. Then the 29th Article said, "The wicked, and such as be void of a dively faith, although they do carnally and visibly press with their teeth (as St. Augustine saith), the sacrament of the body and blood of Christ, yet in no wise are they partakers of Christ: but rather, to their condemnation do eat and drink the sign or sacrament of so great a thing." He did not think anything that the Rev. Mr. Green had said at all altered the position of the Rev. Mr. Webb. The question was whether Christ was locally present. If He was, why should He not be worshipped? But the Article qualified the statement of His being present by the words "by faith." No Charge was more full of fallacies than that of the Bishop of Exeter, from which the Rev. Mr. Webb had quoted. From the words " Do this" and the con- nection of the Greek word "Poieio," he made out that "perform this sacrificc" was meant an inter- pretation which the term would not at all justify. Then with regard to the position of the three orders in the Apostolical Church, priests, pres- byters, and deacons, it was important to note that the Greek word for sacrificing priest, " Tereus," was not used—(Hear, hear) - so that it was im- posing on the ignorance of the public to say that he occupied a sacrificial position. (Cheers.) He believed this discussion would be productive of great unanimity of sentiment, and would give them some insight into what Ritualism was. To a large extent the disenssion of the subject was needless by reason of the Mackonochie judgment, by which it was decided that any gesture or genuflexion, cere mony or ordinance, other than was authorized by the Prayer-Book, was illegal; and therefore if any of these practices were introduced here, the matter might be brought before His Lordship. With regard to the memorial which had been signed, he would point out that there were two modes of pro cedure to adopt before memorializing the Bishop. The first was to bring a charge against a particular clergyman, and try the question; the next was to debate the subject in Synod. It was unquestionable that matters had gone to a great length at home. Even the Romish phraseology — "Masses," "natural elements," and so on, were used; and the reason why the clergymen knelt and stood in a certain way received a peculiar significance when it wastaughtthat the Real Presence in the elements was to be adored. (Hear, hear.) It only needed a little more time and a little more courage for the Ritualists to go the whole length. (Cheers.) Then in England the success of Ritualism was due to the admission of "agreed parishioners." The churches were not properly parish churches, filled by people living around, but by those from a distance taking a delight in such services. This put the churches in a very different position from those where no regard at all was paid to the wishes of the cougre- gations. The Bishop of Exeter and others exa mined before the Ritualistic Commission all de clared that the utmost deference should he paid to the feelings of the people; and it was a known fact that most of the rectors and vicars still retained the old forms of service, the observances of Ritualism being chiefly confined to the district churches. The Church of England, it was to be remembered, was established under great difficul ties, and since its formation it had gone through two great revivals—the first in the time of Wesley, when the evangelical spirit which went abroad taught Churchmen how to preach; and the Second at the time when Tractarianism took its rise, when Churchmen were taught how to pray. He had suffered too much from the duet between the clergyman and clerk system not to feel an interest in the onward movement which had taken its rise some time back; and although he had no sympathy with mediteval dilettanteism, he felt a great interest in the spread of education amongst the young, the increase of the services, the exercise of greater diligence in regard to parochial work, and the per formance of all things decently and in order. There was no Ritualism in these things, but the people had become suspicious of change because of the numbers who had gone over to the Church of Rome. He must express his bitter disappointment at the attempts which were being made to bridge over all distinctions between the English and Romish Churches; and he should vote for this resolution, believing that it would have a good effect, not only here, but at home, in showing extreme men that it was no use their coming to this diocese. (Hear, hear.) If the laity were true to their duty there was no reason for fear. The Rev. H. Read expressed his strong approval of the resolution, and remarked that in two words it could not be better defined than Mr. Thrupp had defined it. He was in the habit of reading the English papers, and he believed Ritualism to be a Jesuitical attempt to pervert and disturb the doctrines of the Church of England by introducing the doctrine of the Real Presence. This was the real gist of the whole matter. If they believed in this doctrine they were Papists, they were idolaters, and they were cursed. These were his views. Mr. Wiles wished to know whether the Synod were to vote on the doctrinal question, and whether it was so constituted as appropriately to pass a vote upon doctrinal points. His Lordship could only put the resolution as it stood. Each must judge of it for himself. The Rev. E. K. Miller supported the motion, but suggested, in order to obtain unanimity, the words "should such be introduced" be inserted after "tendencies." (No.) It was highly important that there should be unity in this matter. He advised the younger brethren in the ministry, who were disposed to introduce changes into the service, to look well at local results, and if they found that they caused the people to leave, to pause before insisting upon those changes. The Rev. J. Pollitt, in reply, said he had been exceedingly hurt at a remark of the Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, implying that on the part of the mover of the resolution there had been defective teaching. He had been four times as long in the colony as that gentleman, and had never before had such a charge brought against him. The necessity for carrying this resolution had been abundantly shown. He strongly pro tested against the doctrine of the Real Presence being taught in Churches which he had striven hard in helping to raise. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny should be sorry to hurt the feelings of any one, but be maintained there would have been no cause for this resolution had those who entertained the same views as the mover not been defective in their teaching. They had discarded the Catechism of the Church because it did not accord with their views. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt—So far as I am concerned you are entirely wrong. His Lordship was deeply thankful that this discussion had taken place, and he assured Mr. Thrupp that he had been anxious to have it de bated. Had the Rev. Mr. Ibbetson commenced with some specification of Ritualism, and intro duced the subject in something the same shape as the present motion, the question might have been dealt with, on his resolution. He hoped the Synod would affirm this motion. He believed it would do good and would tend to check anything that was contrary to the doctrines of the Church in the teachings of any of the clergy. He hoped also that it would tend to prove that by Ritualism was not meant a de termination to carry out the daily use of prayer, and the more frequent commemoration of the Lord's Supper. (Hear, hear.) The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat had anticipated much of what he had in tended to say, and he was glad that he had called attention to the 28th and 29th Articles, which, showed that there was no "real presence" in the bread, because it departed the moment there was a want of faith. Therefore it must be taken by faith alone, not given by the priest, but by the Great High Priest. (Cheers.) If the doctrine of the 28th Article was adhered to no harm could arise, but for a clergyman to go on his face to pick up a scrap of bread was an evidence of an erroneous and superstitious Ritualism, which was therefore abominable. It was well known with regard to the 29th. Article that Queen Elizabeth refused her assent to it for six years; but at last she had the wisdom to give way, and carry out the wishes of Parliament, it was upon that Article that a dignitary of the Church was found guilty by the Archbishop of Canterbury and a body of assessors, and but for some legal flaw the sentence would have been carried out. Something had been said about absolution; but the magniloquent grandiloquence made use of when tested amounted to very little. He had listened to the Rev. Mr. Webb's words very attentively, and he believed he did little more than other clergymen in that particular. It was strange, however, that servants of the God of Truth should make such a difficulty about words for it seemed that they would drive a coach and six through the Articles. The doctrine of absolution he believed was very often misrepresented and misunderstood. This was the form of absolution, which might be used if the person dying, being desirous of quieting his conscience, wished it. "Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left powerto his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in him, of his great mercy forgive thee thine offences." (Mr. Webb—"Of course I never thought the priest did it.") After this preamble, alter the forgiveness of Christ had been granted, it was a very safe thing for the priest to say—"And by his authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins—in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." It was declaratory and not judicial. (Hear.) He repu diated any idea of sitting as a judge in this instance, Mr. Thrupp had alluded to a certain position in administering the sacrament as being super stitious, but reality it was illegal. It was well known that there had been two Liturgies. The first was instituted in the time of Edward V., when it was directed that the priest should stand at the south of the altar. By the second—the Liturgy of Queen Elizabeth's time—the north side was fixed upon; and the Act of Uniformity de cided that any other ceremonies than the Prayer Book enjoined were illegal. He thus gave his opinion on what was the true meaning of the Prayer-Bock. He prayed God they would go out of that meeting with an earnest desire for God's glory and the welfare of their fellow-men. and with a determination to be united together within those limits of truth—large and comprehensive, but not latitudinarian; not embracing Romish error on the one side, or ultra Protestantism on the other—which were prescribed. Within this comprehensive sphere were embraced men of the greatest piety and learning, and he trusted that they would still go on as they had done —that they would still speak the truth in brotherly, love, and he prayed that God would lead them into all truth, and would make them of one heart and mind. The resolution, with the amendment added as a rider, with Mr. Pollitt's consent, was then put. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson called for a vote by orders. The Rev. Mr. Dove withdrew, and on the names being taken the votes were found to stans thus:— Clerical members.—For—The Lord Bishop, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryatat, Revs. Messrs. Farr, Green, Howitt, Miller, J. Pollitt, Field, R. Reid, Williams, H. Read, H. M. Pollitt, Ibbetson. Against—Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny, Rev. Mr. Webb. Lay members—Messrs. Thrupp, Birrell, Bath, Pope, Pritchard, Viney, Hoggins, Bellhouse, W. W. Blyth, Meredith, Hawkes, Sherring, Toms, DeMole, Heathcote, Cooper, Howell, Thomas, Minchin, Douglas, Cawthorne, Burton, Young, Fullarton, and Dr. Duncan, Against—Nil. The Synod adjourned until next day at 3 o'clock. 