OUR STREET. Iith much regret I find myself obliged this week to ¡ tito serious instead of tho lively tono in passing in v the affairs of " Our Street," seeing that early on lay a fearful accident happened in George- street, ; »ent very near tho saorifioe of no fewer than raluablo lives. Your readers havo already learned irticulars of the falling in of Mr. Theme's grocery isnment,-of the burying beneath tho ruinB of Mr. e, Dr. Anderson, Mr. Moses, Mr. Bobinson, and rimine'a assistants-Messrs. Lucas, Pepper, ana ihead, and their subsequent extrication ; and grieving over the hoavy loss sustained by Mr. e, and Mr. Brownlow, the owner of tho premises, ire they have all, with me, rejoiced that thero is » of life-that no wives with helpless families, havo iiiddcnly deprived of their bread-winnors-and no 'hearths been made oheerless - by the loss of nils, fathors, or brothers. The calamity was a ' one-for much of Mr. Thaine's stock must be red useless ; but only those who wore present can sny idea of the narrow escapo from sudden death i persons who wero in tho house when it foll, and .emendous exertions by whioh alone they were rcs Uappily, the injuries sustained are not as serious 3 at Bret feared ; and it is almost miraculous how >dy could havo bean taken out alive, after being for r half an hour smothered under such a suffocating of limo and rubbish, to say nothing of tho ;r incurred from tho beams and heavy packages t fell with tho upper story. The exertions of all erione who assisted in removing the debris from lioso who were underneath were almost super n ; and never saw I any one work so fearlessly-so ly regardless of self, as did Mr Camb ; who, is so mown as the acting superintendent of No. 1 Fire ide. Without wishing to make any invidious dis- ons, I can't help mentioning Mr Camb ¡-for, after i all over, and tho lookers-on breathed freely on ; tho injured persons in safety, his nama was in ono's mouth. I'm glad to see Mr. Tharne is re ing, though he is severely bruised. The many ns of Iiis establishment can still IIOTO their ardors led to in tho usual faultless stylo, as his business is ird in tho premises formerly ocoupied F. N. Bussell 'o., next door to the Boyal Hotel, In " Our Street" orge, lld any ono have bolieved that his Excellency Lord oro, either with or without tho advice end consent Executive Council, would suppress the letter of s Alfred, interceding for tho lifo of O'Farrell ? I i nui ¡ in my experience j. never cunio across suou ct of injustice. I do not hesitate to say that had I ono of tho Governor's rosponsiblo advisers, I should I likelihood, have done as they did, aa regards the ution of O'Farrell ¡ but I cannot understand the ce, or oven tho policy, of allowing tho part taken by Prince to romain for all those months unknown, ty, his Royal Highness deserved that the people of colony should know how he had sought to save his d-bo assassin from an ignominious death ; and this ho mora nccossary when it bocamo known that the 1 Captain of tho Galatea was about to visit our i again. Who has boen at the bottom of this very «celui pioco of work, I am not awaro s though I pie it will como ont someday ; but at present I seem ¡Bk that thc hoaviost blame falls naturally onto the mor. I am anxious not to be misunderstood. I K arguing that the Ministors ought to ha. o com »¡th the Prince's request ; though by not doing so xrtainiy paid him rather a bad compliment ; but I ok, and I'm quite euro' all good people aro with mo, hink it monstrous that this kindly notion of His Highness should be koptinthodark, instead of being 1 »broad, so that all might know how good and true io heart of of tho Sailor Prince. That tho fact of 1 i letter oxisting has boon made known, is duo to a .ccident moro than to any good raanagomont. Ko i ire duo to tho Martin Ministry ; and tho late 1 er, when ho assumes his title, and walks "Sir j i" will hare littlo satisfaction in tbiuking over his ' treatment of the Prince's request, after ho was gone, however muoh credit he may tako to himself for the im* pressire nature of the Koyal Visitor's reception. It's well the knowledge hos been arrived st, no matter by what means. The colonists of New South Wales, end of all the Australia* are made awaro that in holding out tho right hand of friendship to tho Duke of Edinburgh, they are offering hospitality to a true man ; and I'm quito sure they will show a just appreciation of his conduct, under very trying circumstances, when he comes among us again. Parliament, has been at work j and on "Wednesday night, the "FaithfulCommons" immortalised themselves for the hundredth time ot least, by refusing to voto a paltry Two 'Jiousand Pounds for the entertainment ol the Prince. Not that " Front do Bouf looks upon two thousand as a paltry sum ; far from it ; but than I set such ducks and drakes made of many larger amounts, in Our Street, that I can't understand the niggard notions that could prompt the opposition, to either make Lord Belmore entertain H. K. H., or condemn our visitor to live during his stay among us upon ship's stores. Well, at any rate, as I before said the Commons did waste all Wednesday night in stopping all business, while they effected what they will dignify by the name of a saning ol A thousand pounds-one half of what the Government asked for. Its very bad ; and only shows how necessary it is that we should have a new lot in the Parliament House as soon as possible. Tho Captain Cook Committee don't Boora to get on comfortably ; or rather, perhaps I ought to say that the Patriotio Association is not altogether well pleased with tho makings of the Committee. This matter has been long enough talked about in all conscience ; but talk has been everything. As yet thero is nothing very tangible in the shape of doings; and the great círcam-navigotor is not much nearer having a statue than hewas years agono. However, as I was about to say, there aro some good men and true now on the Committeo, and I do look for- ward to Boeing something done, if the gentlemen who have the businoss in hand, can only ngreo among them- selves. We had on Monday the worst Erickjlelier of this summer ; and, as usual on great occasions of tho son. there wasn't a diop of water in " Our Street." "Charle» tho Bold " had decreed that the streets should not be watered ; the usual Corporation hydrant men kept high holiday, although the dust clouds were terriflo; and tin poople who had goods exposed either in their shops or outside, must have had quantities spoiled. With plenty of water the day would have been pleasant enough, for there was a nice cool breeze ; but as thing» were nothing could be much worse. Bis Worship does Ckrry everything w)th an alarmingly high hnntl indeed, and I'm continually wondering how hts subject put up with so much from the Prince of Levellers. Ht takes care to make people dub up tho rates and laxes, whether or not they get anything in return ; and, as tin lingliau Peerage does already contain a " Waterpark " «nd a " Waterford," I suggest that when Our Charlen is elevated, as of course he will be when that Austra- lian Peerage comes out, ho shall take tho title of Lord " Waterrato." There will be something novel about that. As for the knighting business wo have read of, I cai understand why Mr Mr Martin should receive the coin pliment, though I think Mr Cowper has done thre. times as muoh to deserve it ; but for the life of mo 1 don't understand how Mr T. A. Murray can lay run claim to anything of the sort. I'm sure it's very much to bo hoped that he won't be able to pay the fees, whici I hear amount to something more than a century each. ive James Martin will mako a portly Knight, indeed ; and, moreover- he will play well tho part. It's a great blessing Parkes didn't bo recognised in tho same way. t ho tille would admirably suit him, and I should like to know who could look the ohuractor moro perfectly than the high-born aristocratie looking Sir Henry Panjuggler. He'll bo the man for Galway then. Do you know, Dear " Bell," I'm dog-sick of the Ghost business, of Parkes, and the Mystery, and tin» \- New Crime, and all connected therowith, and so I believe everybody else must bo. I hope your Detective friend " DOUCHE " has done with it, for I'm suro your readers must havo had nbout enough ; and we don't want to ?ict tho whole affair over again just when His Boyal Highness is among us, I must here give n slight hint to the Ministers of this our day. Although tho stingy members of Parliament won't let them havo money to get a carriego and horses for the Prince, there must be propor amount of travelling convenience provided by hook or by crook for ye " literary staff"" of yo Sydney Morning Herald. Then must be carried about in the ¡inmediato etepa of H. H. H. ; and tlioro mus>. bo Ute chair behind the door for tho convenience of " Tho ohiel a takin notes." It will never do that, because the Robertsons and tho Forsters have succeeded the Parkers and the Martins ; wo should bo deprived of all the little tit bits of secret scandal, wherewith the latter lot of statesmen so studiously provided us during the last Royal visit. Without joking, however, I'm given to think that Messrs Robertson and Company will nt least treat tho Prince os a gontleman, without trying to turn any old Lady's literary staff"into a Detectiro agency. Tito eldorly lady of " Our Street " of Huntor is gen- erally wonderful in her information, vouchsafed each morning to the publio of Sydney, whoso largely support her. I have seen many immense things stated in her " brond shoot," but tho following bents everything: " Tho evening was ono very well suited for a parade night, and tho men could not have been far short of GOO. So little Incon- venience was caused hy tho coming np of a 'southerly duster,' which blew the dust about In a rathol unpleasant manner. There was also a large detachment of tho Naval Brigade on tho ground during tho evening." Now, I ara quite at a loss to know how tho evening oould bo "one very well suited for a midnight parade," when the 100 men were blessed with the presence of a southerly buster, and "there was also a large detachment of the Naval Brigade on the ground." Would S. M. H. kindly oxplain her moaning. To-day (Friday) has been a nico cool day in " Our Street," and as a natural consequence, tho Corporation hydrant men wore wonderfully colive. His Worship had considerately commanded that the streets should be I watered, and watored they were accordingly ; but aa is usual in all tho Municipal amusements, our excellent chief magistrate had began at tho wrong end. When water was wanted to lay the dust that an adverse wind blew into tho shops and houses oarly in tho week, no mater teas to be found ¡ when the dust would not naturally have been blown anywhero, the hydrants did the business ; and tho shopkeepers, on either sida of the watered streets, had a rare dose of dirty water and dust sent in upon them and their goods. Your readers know that it isn't a good thing to Btand on one side of the street when a hydrant man is playing on the other. FONT DE BOUF. 