ENTERTAIN MINTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; " Give me leave To speak my mind."—Shakspeabe. The season at the Theatre Royal came to an end last Saturday night, and until to nighty or is it Monday night* or is it next Saturday night? the business of cleansing and deco ration is to go on. Nobody seems precisely to know how far the cleansing and decorating process is to extend, or whether it is to include rearrangement of seats. The general impres sion is that it will not include rearrangement, but that the garnishing will be the old story over again of a little paper and Dutch metal If the proverb be true about the blessedness enjoyed by those who expect nothing, then is there at this moment a large amount of blessedness prevalent This is just now fortunate, for to be blessed argues considerable mental tranquillity, and as, according to a new light at Sandhurst theatrical people, and especially theatrical critics in Melbourne, are in a " parlous state," we need consolation to prevent our falling into utter despair at the degeneracy this prophet says we both share and encourage. I speak only from hearsay, for I have not read the anethema this fulminator has flung at us. But, according to what I am told, the Sandhurst prophet shows conclusively—to himself—that the poetic drama is extinct because Weston's Opera-house is popular. Burnt cork has banished Shakspeare, and Garrick, Kemble, Kean, Macready, Brooke, and Montgomery, are all forgotten, because Mr. Hussey makes us laugh. It is quite true that some people have, at various periods of the world's history, gone on committing crimes in the purest ignor ance, and when suddenly made aware of their dreadful sins, have gone mad with the terrible conviction of the wrongs they have in flicted upon society. When, therefore, I heard that a Sandhurst prophet had charged me—for I was considered to be included in his denunciations—with kicking Shakspeare and all the other poetic dramatists into the street, I began seriously to consider whether I also ought not to go mad with remorse. After pondering for at least ten seconds I con cluded that I would not go mad, that is to say no madder than my normal madness, for I have long been considered monomaniacally mad, one superannuated star who left us about a twelvemonth ago having industriously propagated the belief that I labour under a special form of mania, expressing itself in a craving for the adoption of common-sense principles by public performers. This mad ness, however, does not arise from remorse. I decided that I would not be remorseful, and I rather gloried in my sin of havingheard Mr. Hussey sing " Tobias and Biancas " fourteen times, and of having laughed as much at the fourteenth time as on the first occasion. For if Weston's minstrels degrade the legiti mate drama, what shall be said of the analogous degradation of all art by the encouragement of its different degrees? Do yon think John Leech degraded pictorial art because he did not choose the same subjects and adopt the same style as Michael Angclo ? Did Thomas Hood degrade poetry because he did not write "Paradise Lost?" Has Henry Russell dragged music in the mire because " The Ship on Fire" does not in the least resemble "The Creation"of Haydn? Were the £ ve orders of classicarchitecture abolished when Joseph Paxton reared his palace of glass in Hyde-park? Is Wedgwood to be condemned to everlasting infamy because he was riot Phidias? Have Aeschylus and tjophocles been discarded because Punch has squeaked his nasal utterances in the sjtreetB these centnries past ? Has pantomime lulled Melpomene? Was not Gritnaldi con temporary with John Kemble, arid did they not tread the same boards? Will any reason able person maintain, because' it is' 'the wont of writers of this day to be pointed and ijrilliant, if now and then superficial, that Locke, Johnson, 'Hume, Adam Smith, Bishop Butler, Blair, Blacks tone, and a host <jf others; who were solid rather than brilliant, aire forgotten? I think, indeed, the tendency it rather therither way. The world laughs at that which amuses it, and straightwayforgets ip, ungratefully refusing to remember that ' to be Mnnsing ls often iiiore difficult than to be itemed and dull For examjile, I knowof no reading-more readable, inasmuch as it fs light, sparkling, and witty, "than the IVbcfes ' 4ri6rb«fu»u& df^htfstophte North. When' the Nocitt appeared m Blackivbod, llo&y; read thtnri, and there were croakers i I see tbemnow side tiy tnde on my Shelf 'with Macauhqfa Bewyk, ririiten iririch .tfboutthe' same date. I am the last man in the world to disparage Macaulay, whom I admire with a reverent enthusiasm, but the Nocks are qpite as readable as the Essays, yet hardly anybody now-a-days reads the Nodes, while everybody who reads at all reads the Essays. The degradation that was to come to literature because literary matters were treated in the form of convivial conversa tions has not followed. Serious criticism is yet in request. Let us hope, therefore, that the poetic drama will survive, even though "The Ghost in a Pawn-shop" and "Les Miserables',' from a negroic point ,of view, make one laugh till one cries. A long history indeed might be written on the origin, progress, and influence of negro minstrelsy. It represents a certain degree both in the dramatic and lyric scale. It originated, I do not doubt, in an attempt to imitate the peculiarities of negro—or, as we have it more familiarly, nigger—life. At first it was essentially low-comedy, and the songs were necessarily of a buffo character. I should think "Jim Crow" may be taken as the prototype, and like most popular entertainments, it has grown in progressing. It could hardly have been foreseen that songs of a sentimental character would come to form part of the performances of "minstrels," for the black face up to a certain point was inevitably associated with frolic and fun. But at this day one listens to sentimental songs sung by tenors and baritones with burnt-corked faces, without being conscious of any in congruity. In truth there is no incon gruity. It was found necessary to in crease the variety of these performances by combining with the humorous portions, por tions which had no necessary connexion with blackfaces; but in order that tbe homogene ousness of the entertainment should not be destroyed, a certain livery was determined upon. Saving the burnt cork, the same principle is adopted at all concerts. The singers are dressed in black, but the faces are not corked. The corking produces a concreteness of effect not entirely un pleasing. Nobody ever thinks of laughing when Mr. Rainford sings "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep," or declaims that im pressive hymn of which I made mention a week or two ago. When Mr. Herman and Mr. Ack land sing Mr. Benjamin's new song, " Wilt Thon Be Mine," they , are received just as white-faced tenors would he received, and when Mr. Feuillade plays one of his clever solos on the violin, it is taken with as much serious earnestness as a performance by Mr. Simonsen. The functions of a troupe of ministrels are widely different, but, as they wear the same sort of livery, one becomes un consciously aware of a kind of connexion between the parts' composing the whole. Some people have asked why the faces of anybody in the troupe should be black ened, save those of the " end-men "—Bones and Tambourine—since they only! represent niggerism, and I believe the experiment has been tried of limiting the cork to these mem bers of the company. But the effect was pro nounced unsatisfactory; the performance lost its oneness; and it seems generally to be agreed that minstrelsy would lose its definite ness if it gave up its cork. I do not know if it ever occurred to anybody to get up white faced minstrels on the same principle, the corner-men being, say, a low comedy Irishman and a Yorkshire bumpkin respectively. Such an experiment might succeed, and if anybody chooses to take the hint I make them a pre sent of it. But after a careful consideration of the principle of black minstrelsy, I cannot but admit that carbonised cork is part of the system. But the system stands by itself, and though, as I have said, it represents degrees in the lyric anddramatic scale, it has so com pletely its specialty, that it may be considered quite apart from any of the other degrees. Thus, then, I do not fear that its influence will be to corrupt or to mislead public taste. Mr. Ruskin admires both George Crnikshank and Turner, who, I take it represent quite opposite poles of art, the one being a humourist and a philosopher, the other a picture-poet. All that is demanded is, that nigger minstrelsy shall be the best of its kind. I have seen nigger minstrelsy which was very wearisome; and herein consists the point of the objections taken against music hall minstrelsy in general, whim is without humour, Wit, or music. Music-hall per formances need not necessarily be objected to. and they are objected to bemuse the songs sung are either stupid or vulgar, and the ringers accomplished only in expressionless gesticulation. Bat inasmuch as the bad taste of the time -has accustomed itself to go into paroxysms of driight at the stupidity, the vulgarity, and the contortions, music-halls are filleo,music-hall singers make fortunes, and music-hall proprietors are conspicuous members of polite society. I need not say how readily a stupid thing becomes popular or fashionable—chignons, to wit—which ori ginated, I do not doubt, in some lady leader of fashion having a, tumour on the top ofher head, and concealing it by wrapping her hair about it For negro minstrelsy of the best kind, however, I claim a recogni tion due to its having merits which need no explanation such as is necessary to account for Ihe success of a self- evident folly. I think, therefore^ we may safely continue to langh at Mr. Hussey, and that Kerr Band maun, who arrived on Monday, need not fear that because we can so heartily enjoy the humour of rids genuine comedian, we shall be any the less disposed to tender to him the approval .he is erid to merit as an exponent or the poetic drama. The weather has been cold, and the plaoe has somehow lost its prestige, so that the limited attendance at the concerts given doling the week at the Princess's by Madame Garandini and her accomplished daughters is easily accounted for.' On the score of merit, these performances onght to■ have drawn largely; but merit, unaided by favouring cir cumstances, has but little chance in this city, no matter what the form in which it presents itself. , i There ran a rnmohr a'Week or two ago, that the Haymairket waBaboutbeingra- opened fpr.regular performances,-but I am told that so many constellations are coming out ' tb the managerial association in whose hands " tbe theatres now are, that It will require 