NOTES BY BUGGINS. Come to a gossip's feast And come with me. — Shakespeare. At the present time when enquiries are being rigidly instituted into the treatment of our young 'Castaway's' on board her Majesty's . training ship the 'Vernon,' when our blood boils with indignation and our hearts swell with horror at the idea of children, mere babies of the tender age of two years and n-half being subject to the discipline of a man of war, called out of their hammocks by the shrill notes of the Boat swain's whistle, and ordered to wash their own linen ; compelled to eat bad meat (who is, or was the contractor, let me know his name ? and I'll give him a bit of my mind) subject to all sorts of mismanagement and seeming cruelty, which, in tbe published evidence, appears impos sible, and throws an air ol! Police Court literature and wild romance about the whole affair. Show me the child, aged only two years and arhalf, that can stand at any sized washtub and scrafe ;; his shirt, or amalgamate the entire Vernon?e complement of baby passengers, or pupils, ce whatever you think proper to call them, into a very laundry of babies, and tell me the gnue amount of tiny petticoats and socks the crew could send out in good condition, properly washed and ironed in a twelvemonth ? Now is the old country there really is something to laugh at, (provided you are of Mark Taple/g disposition,) in the manner in which the pro perly 'constituted authorities' take care of tin© starving miserable little children and rob (rob's a hard word but a true one) the rate payers, aaM. what is worse, the widow aad the orphan* Saint Lukes' is a celebrated parish for this sorfe of a thing. I note that in the Workhouse, there are about (taking an average) twenty babies aJJI the year round, and there are two attendants to look after them. One is a pauper of the mature age of seventy- six with a wooden leg, and the other a girl eighteen years of aqe, a confirmed! lunatic. Now this lunatic young woman, is £a the habit of running about the ward screaming and shouting, which must tend to make the children cheerful. The babies, for every chil-! of a year old is taken from its mother's breaefe and put into this ward (Oh ! England you may well be proud of your laws, and boast and brag; of them, especially those relating; to the poor, they are cold-blooded in their monstrous injug' tice, heartless, cruel and selfish) well these babies left to the care of such competent nurses are washed every day, and then dried in a man ner which probably the lunatic nurse invented, by being put in a row naked before the fire. Babies we all know will die and these St. Luke's infants are no exceptions to the rule but die off (according to the evidence of the nui'se with the wooden leg) like 'one o'clock,' much to the re lief of the ratepayers, who might be otherwise put to expense on their behalf, and perhaps to the great delight of the lunatic, who probably does a little extra shouting whenever a baby dies. Considered as institutions of my country. Saint Lukes' Workhouse and the Vernon, Sydney training ship, can you wonder at my feeling proud of my connection with that land whose sons ? ' Never, never, never, shall be slaves ?' Mr. Montgomery has been successful in draw* ing good houses to the Prince of Wales Opera House, and during the past week has appeared in various repetitions of his most favorite characters. ' Hamlet' was performed en. Mon day, with the star in his best admired part of the Prince' of Denmark. Universal praise, em dorsed by the play-goers of these colonies, pro nounces this effort of Mr. Walter Montgomery a masterpiece of histrionic art. We have alE seen Mr. Jame3 Anderson in the part and are not likely to forget him, it was a merciful deli verance when the curtain fell, and we went homo to dream of the roaring Dane, who in very truth had terrified by his blusteringa the pooe Ophelia in to madness. What a relief it was whem the eyes rolled no longer and the convulsive kicks of the closing scene were over and 'The rest was silence.' With Mr. Montgomery there ia more intelligence displayed,— thoughl must confessl haveseenhim play the part better than he played it last Mon day. He represents the character as Beverei from all human hopes and joys — vowed and dedi cated to other work than courtship and dalliance. . Yet with an inconstancy as natural as it is un reasonable, he clings to what he has renounced, ' arid sorely feels the reluctant repulse which Ophelia's obedience presents to his lingering ad dresses. Lovers, even if they have seen no ? -: ghosts, and have no uncles to slay, when circum stances oblige them to discontinue their suitfe can ill endure to be anticipated in the breach. It is a sorrow that cannot bear the slightest show of unkindness. His first words are ?' courteous and full of tenderness, till he begins to suspect that she. too, is set on to pluck out :.-.. the heart of his mystery ; and then, actually ?? maddened by his self-imposed necessity of per- : soaating madness, he discharges on her the bit terness of blasted love, the agony of a lover's anger as if determined to extinguish in himself the last feeling that harmonised not with bis fell purpose of revengeful justice. This idea is plainly worked out by Mr. Montgomery, and ft finely drawn picture of the poets meaning given to the spectators. Miss Kate Corcoran is a pro mising young actress, but she scarcely seemed at home in Ophelia. In the great scene with Hamlet she lacked feeling, and appeared ' il£ at ease. The wild snatches of song were most effectively given, and well received by the audience. Mr. Holloway was painsbaking (as he always is) in the role of Claudius, the celebra ted prayer was feelingly delivered, but I think ifc far better to omit it from the acting edition altogether. Mr. Hoskins' Ghost, is too well known to require notice, and the same applies.t© the Grave Digger of Mr. Andrews, the other characters were moat respectably rendered. When the pieces are changed so often, it be tomes an utter impossibility to notice each at length. ' Romeo and Juliet,' was performed on Tuesday, and on Wednesday we had the seldom acted comedy of 'As you Like It,' well placed upon the stage and perfectly rendered. Miss Rosa Cooper's Rosalind is a very chaste and Charming embodiment, it would be impossible to imagine a more poetic realization of the authors . intention, the epilogue was spoken with mar vellous effect, and drew down repeated plaudits from the audience, Mr. Hoskins' Touchstone, was -« .at,«i,Aonai.0an oflrn of the first water, and the Jaques of Mr. Barfclett a1 well sustained perfor mance,gthe speech 'All the World's a stage' was so well given, that it fairly took the house by storm. Mr. Walter Montgomery played Orlando, he was enthusiastically received. King John with a fair cast was produced for Mr. Walter Montgomery's benefit on Thursday, and SB may be supposed drew a fine attendance. It is so carefully placed upon the boards, as regards Scenery, dresses and properties that it should at any rate run for a week. It is a great mistake io be constantly changing pieces ; the public Buffer^ in witnessing imperfect representations, and the managers suffer in the long run, because the public stay away from the theatre. I under stand that 'Antony and Cleopatra' is in active preparation and will be shortly produced. I see by the London papers that Mrs. Howard Paul has been playing at Drury Lane Theatre and on the opening night of the season doubled (to use a theatrical expression) the parts of Lady Macbeth and Hecate, the former character Was evidently not good enough for the fair per former, —she wanted a larger field for her genius to have full scope in and she satisfied her own ambition and disgusted the audience by her im pertinent assumption. There are a certain class of music hall female artistes (self- called; who turn head over heels and take flying leaps a la Leotard and disgrace their sex. The woman who would insult Shakspeare by attempting to double Lady Macbeth and Hecate is beneath contempt, she should apply for an engagement at the Cyder Cellars— or become a witness at the Judge and Jury under the successor of the late Baron | Nicholson. And is Samuel Phelps, who was once SO much respected in literary circles becoming a dotard and an imbecile that he allows the Classic boards of old Drury to be thus prosti tuted. He is the manager and as such respon sible to the public. I. am very glad to see that all the first-class journals castigate this presump tious lady in a manner she richly deserves. 