NOTES OF THE WEEK. THOM STIC OCTOBER TO 15TH OCTOBER. LAST Saturday morning, the Roman Catholic Arch- ! bishop, the Most Rev. John Bede Folding left Sydney, by the mail steamer Malta, on his way to Rome. On the previous evening there was a great valedictory Meeting at St. Mary's, at which 4000 persons were present. An effort is being made to open up a market in 5? rr7 for the Sale of the VtiUn setters water and the Hepburn mineral water, which are procured from springs in Victoria. The annual meeting of the New South Wales Deaf and Dumb and Blind Institution took place at Paddington, on the 11th instant; his Excellency in the chair. Fine specimens of quartz, impregnated with gold, have been recently sent to Sydney from Crummie's Reef, Trunkey Creek. On Saturday last, T. A. Blain, clerk in the Bank of Australasia at Maitland, was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the late bank robbery. O others "have since been arrested. All the money has been recovered except £25. The Rev. Mr. Walsh, formerly the Incumbent of Christ Church in this city, now Prebendary of Lich- field, has recently been made Vicar of Air was, in England. There was on excellent and varied programme of athletic sports at the Albert Cricket Ground on Saturday last. On Saturday morning last, the Minister for Works the Hon. John Sutherland) held on inquiry, at the Redfern Railway Terminus, into the cause of the collision which took place at the Parramatta Station, on the 2nd instant. The estimated population of New South Wales on the 30th June last was 475,574-2G5.510 males, and S10,134 females. In the House of Assembly, on the 8th instant, Mr. Eckford, the member for the Wollombi, defended him self at great length from certain aspersions which had been cast upon him. At Kangaloon, near Goulburn, on the 4th instant, a man, named William Savell, died from the effects of a pistol shot. He was wounded about six years ago by a robber who was hung for that crime. Mr. A. Neilson has been appointed Clerk and Librarian in the office of the Director of the Botanical Gardens. On Monday last, the anniversary of the opening of the Waverley Wesleyan church was commemorated Joya tea meeting, in the schoolroom adjacent to the edifice. It was followed by a public meeting in the church. During the past week it has been a subject of regret to many to hear that from an increasing indrtnity of *çoico the Rev. Mr. Voller has been compelled to resign the pastorate of the Baptist Church in this city. A public meeting was held last Monday evening, at the Lady of the Lake, Bay- street, Glebe, for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of petitioning Parliament for a further division of that electorate. Mr. G. Wigram Allen, the Mayor of the Glebe, presided. At present it is joined to Balmain. A deputation concerned in the same matter waited on the Colonial Secretary on Tuesday last. The usual weekly meeting of the Australian Patriotic Association was held, last Monday night, at the New Temperance Hall, Bathurst and Pitt streets, Mr. R, B. Smith, president of the society, being in the chair. The members of the society afterwards had a debate upon the question of Capital Punishment. A ghost story is current in the neighbourhood of Gundagai. The unearthly visitant has rather appropriately chosen, OB the place of his manifestation, a dull and disagreeable spot called Bennet's Folly. Last Wednesday week, a concert took place at the Hospital for the Insane at Gladesville, in one of the large dormitories which had been cleared and deep rated for the occasion. The inmates were much pleased at the humane attempts to amuse them. Last Saturday evening, a public meeting, in connection with the New South Wales Political Association for the Suppression of Intemperance, was held in the Congregational schoolroom, Piper-street, Woollahra, at half-past 7 o'clock. There was (considering the very unfavourable nature of the weather a numerous and influential attendance. The Rev. C. Hardie presided. The Newtown Cricket Club, and their friends, spent a very pleasant day on Monday last, at Clontarf, is celebrating the opening of the cricket season. Dr. Barker, the Metropolitan Bishop, consecrated the new Anglican Church at Grenfell, on Sunday last. The residents of the Cathedral District of St. , Andrew's, on Monday last, presented 113 sovereigns to the Rev. Canon O'Reilly, late in charge of that district as their sole pastor. On the 11th instant, a seaman, named Samuel Battersby, belonging to the Helpmeet, died suddenly on heard that vessel of disease of the heart. A tea meeting was, last Tuesday evening, held in the schoolrooms of the Centenary Chapel, York-street, and followed by a public meeting in aid of the Church funds. A deputation of gentlemen interested in the carriage of coal on the Great Western Railway waited on the Minister for Works. A preliminary meeting of representatives from various Schools of Arts was held last Tuesday morning, in the committee room of the Sydney School of Arts, for the purpose of making arrangements for a ' series of lectures to be delivered at each institution. Mr. John Chadwick Woore has been appointed Police Magistrate at Wilcannia. The probate of the will of the late Dr. Mitchell was granted on Wednesday last. This, it will be remembered, was the will set up by Dr. Mitchell's family against that of which Mr. Wolfskehl sought pro bate. The Impounding Bill was read a second time in the Legislative Council last Wednesday afternoon. On Wednesday, a meeting of the people of Balmain was held at Balmain, with a view to bring about the further division of that electorate. Last Wednesday evening, a public meeting, on behalf of the Sydney City Mission, was held in the schoolroom adjoining the Congregational Church, Bourke-street, Surry Hills, the Rev. T. Johnson, the pastor of the said church, being in the chair. Advices have been received from the Milora Lead Hine of a character satisfactory to the owners. The annual excursion of St. Barnabas's schools took place on Wednesday last, at the recreation grounds of Balmoral Middle Harbour, and was, as usual, a very successful affair. ' "I - The Snail's Bay regatta took place last Saturday afternoon. Last Sunday evening, there was a heavy fall of hail stones at Yass. Mr. Samuel made his financial statement in the Assembly, on Thursday last. On the same evening there was an important debate on the Assisted Immi " gration Bill. On the 14th instant, a young man, named Thomas Fleming, committed suicide in Sussex-street South,' by shooting himself. A meeting in connection with the Juvenile Temperance Association took place on the 13th instant, in the Congregational school-room, Pitt-street j the Rev. J. Graham in the chair. The annual excursion of St. James's schools was held at Pearl Bay, Middle Harbour, on Thursday last. On the 14th instant, the annual festival of the children attending day and Sunday schools in connection with St. John's Church, Bishopthorpe, Glebe, was held in the grounds adjoining the new church, which is pleasantly situated at the junction of Glebe | Road with St. John's Road. ' A few days since, a young man, named Peter Seras, was killed by an accident in the Lambton Colliery, near Newcastle. 