A PROPOSAL1 OF MARRIAGE TO PRINCE ALFRED. This following extremely humorous account of a proposal of marriage made to Prince Alfred ia from the Melbourne TSvening Star ; — :??? ? Although 'not leap year, our. illustrious visitor has' received a proposal of marriage from one of Victoria's daughters. Yesterday, a female of pre possessing appearance culled at the metropolitan haunt of the wealth, fashion, and intelligence of the colony, and requested tosee the Prince. Slvc was shown into the strangers' rooms, already oc cupied by ' the eminent tragedian.!' TheJIonour able Eliott York- was soou in attendance. Quoth the damsel, 'Are you the Honourable Eliott ?Yorke?' Upon an affirmative answer, being given, she requested a private interview. A sig nifionnt hint was given, and the tragedian left thn room with tbe measured tread of Hamlet's father's ghost. When alone with tho eqnorry tho inter esting fnir one announced, in faltering tones, that she wished to. contract a matrimonial alliunco with the Duke, of Edinburgh. The equerry was dumbfoundered — vox/aucibus Jicastt' — and it was somo time before ho could fal lor out tho polito expression for the expressive vernacular tff ' tho how' much.' Again the lariy spoke—' I wish to marry the Prinoo.' Mr. Yorko. thinking that all wns not right, 'deemed it advisable to recall the banished deputy purveyor for Molly's comfirts. He entered -with the light fantastic trip of Bone-, dick.'. When. ho hoard the strange request that had been made his natural iiRtutonosa told him that thn female was non comvos. Ilia natural instinct fortmfety caused him to cast ono hnrried glnnco to the door, but iiis duty and friendship for his exalted friend bade him stay. Tnkint; the atfti'tnde of Coriolanus, putting on tho chamber-'. Bceno look of Hamlet, and with tin vnico of tho Hunchback King, he dacUimcd : ' Woman, dost th'ow love him lor his mother, or — ' 'f'he maide.n quickly replied, ' 1 love him for himself. Ohn'rmeri by his prepossoR-ing appoararico and winning ways 1 have given my heart where I would fain give my hand. I must marry him.' Hero spoke the tra gedian in the' winning tones of Romeo: 'There are moro sods of Albion quito as fair, and perhaps more suited for thy mate. Look on this ' picture' (tapping at the same timo his manly breast.) The lady deolined to take such notice of the ' picture,' and told him. that on the stage be was all well enough, but he did not comb up to her standard of manly beauty. Sho declined the implied offer of his band, stilting once moro she could not woJ but with the youthful Prince. ' Get theo to a nunnery,' exolaimed the rebuffud centaur, in his severest -Gil.es Overreach intonatioD, and rushed forth to seek assistance Tho persuasive eloquence of Eliott Yorke, who no doubt explained that royal alliances could not be contracted without a number of formal preliminaries, induced the larly to depart for the nonce. At a later period of the dayBhis again presented herself, loudly demanding the Prince for her spouse. She was again got rid of, and will no donSt soon profor her claim boforo Mr. Sturt in his official capacity. ? The iron sand of Taranaki, which like the phormium tenax, appears to come up poriod ieally for discussion, is again attracting notice in Wellington. The ' Evening Post' says : — Wo have been shown some specimens of tne ore in all its different stages. First, a por tion of the sand itself taken at random from the beach, which adheres to a magnot most tenaciously L: next, tho .crude metal ?; then some small pieces of steol, exhibiting a fine silvery grain, so hard that a file makes no impression on them, and whioh' cut glass like a diamond y and a bar of manufactured stool, bearing a high polish on ono side. In tibo finished speoimen, small specks of titanium. are dotted over 'the surfaco, the value which is well 'known by all practical scientific men. Theso specimens will, we understand, bo sub mitted to Dr. Hector on his return to the pro vince. ' Smelter^' writing to the same journal, saysi-^If there was only a substantial furnace built, a water* wheel put in ono of those beautiful streams, and as much sandproparcd as wonld smelt 10 tons, the charcoal burnt &c.;, and tho steel sent to raarkot, it would decide its fate. But I am sorry to say, there is not that union amongst the people to carry it out. iVomjeSOO to dSSOOJwould cover, all expenses and tost its paying capabilities. Mr. D. Atkinson and Mr. B. M. Smith have manufactured springs, chisels, drills, bttr cast ing, &c.;, and will be ready to send specimens to any scientific man or praotioal mechanic. And if this should meet tho eye of any porson willing to test the paying capabilities of this process, they can do bo on tho most reasonable terms by applying to Mr. Atkinson, Taranaki. Shares in the Now North dunes. Company, Dunnolly, have advanced to £100 ouch, tho number in tho cpmpany boing two thousand and fifty odd. This, bear in mind, in a mino averaging undor an ounce per ton. Shares in tho Last Chance Company, Tarnagulla, whoro the prospects are from ono to two ouncos per ton, are quoted sellers at 8s. Sojnuoh for the comparison betweon the mining markot at Melbourne and at Clunes and Ballarat. 