STRANGE CASE OF ALLEGED PDTCnv ING. Our Sandhurst correspondent reports th» following details of a strange case nf all eE»rt poisoning, which was tried in the Sandburg Circuit Court, on Tuesday. Jane Morrisou ^ charged with administering poison (strychnin^ to one Jane Perry, wife of Frederick p et~ ; superintendent of Baal Baal Station, Terane' Serpentine, with intent to murder tbe said Jane Perry. No apparent reason was alleged. Th* following ovidence was taken: — Constable Brown, stationed at Terang, deposed that ths case having been placed in his hands, be srrtsttd the prisoner on the charge of adminieterinir poison to Mrs? Perry. Prisoner said, on belne arrested, It isstrange that they should eosnect me, seeing that I waa on such friendly terms with her. Jane Perry's evidence was to the effect that tbe prisoner was a housemaid in her employ. Mr Perry kept Btrychnine in his bedroom, to which no one had access excent witness. Mr Perry himself, and the prisoner Tbe drawer where the strychnine was kept was not locked, as tbe lock was injured. On the evening of the 5th July last witness partook of a piece of bread and honey given her by tbe prisoner. Whilst eating the bread and honey she felt as if there were small crystals in it, and it had a bitter taste. In about ten minutes after this she retired to bed, and was seized with nervous twitchings all over the body which continued all night Prisoner refused to take any honey that night, although she had been previously in the habit of doing so Witness had had honey out of the jar on the previous Saturday, ana it had not hurt her On the previous Friday prisoner had made a cop of tea for witness, and on drinking it witness noticed it was bitter. On speaking of this to the prisoner, she replied that she had put bad sugar into it, and she threw the tea away. Witness had some tooth-powder on bet toilet table. She noticed at this time that tbe powder was bitter, and left off using it. Witness was seriously ill for some time afterwards. Qa the conclusion of the witness's examination prisoner asked her if they had not al ways been on the best terms. Prisoner then asked Mrs Pen; if she (Mrs Perry) had not told her (prisoner) that she intended to give Mr Perry a fright soma day, and that ehe carried in her bosom a phiil which she told her (prisoner) contained poison, and that on the day of her marriage she hid sealed it np and thrown it into a wsterhole - and that on her (prisoner) asking why she dii so, Bhe replied that yonng people had queer notion. Mrs Perry denied that she bad ever said anything of tbe kind. James Booth, Salathial Booth (proprietor of Baal Baal), and Mr Frederick Perry, proved that Mrs Peny had exhibited symptoms of poisoning by strychnine, the arching of the back and the starting of tbe eyes being particularly noticed. An important part of Mr Perry's evidence was that the prisoner had, previous to his marriage, been housekeeper, and had fnll control of the house ; after bis marriage Mrs Perry had control of the house, and prisoner was only a servant. Some of the tooth powder was given to a dog, and it died in 55 minntes. Mr Buotb, on examining the honey, found crystals of strychnine in it, and he also found crystals of strychnine in the tooth powder, nearly half of it being crystals. Some of the honey was given to a dog, and it died. Dr Edward Barker deposed that Mrs Perry's case presented all the appearances of poisoning by strychnine. Tetanus alone would present similar symptoms, but tetsnfts conkl not have been the cause of the first symptoms. The prisoner made an address to tbe juiy, in which she dwelt earnestly npon the want of motive for the committal of the deed. " Whf," said she, " should I have tried to poison Mrs Perry, and deprive myself of a good home, when I had always lived with Mr and Mrs Perry on the best of termB?" She pathetically appealed to the jury. His -Honour the Chief Justice summed op somewhat Unfavorably towards the prisoner, butthejury, without retiring, returned a verdict of " Not Guilty," adding a rider to the effect that they thought the allowing of strychnine about a house in a careless manner was highly reprehensible. The prisoner was discharged. —Argut. The Prince Alfred Hospital is now getting out of the ground ; there has been some little delay owing to the difficulty in getting the right kind of bricks. The journeymen butchers at Geelong, are agitating for shorter hours of labor. CATTLE STE&IXKQ.;—A new phase of the crimB of cattle stealiug was made known to the uninitiated at the Goulbourn Sessions lest week. A woman well advanced in years, named Slaves, whose husband was represented to a very infirm old man, was charged with stealing three hides. The owner of the Masts from which these were taken deposed to be the owner of some hundred and odd cattle, several of which were in a very poor and weakly condition, that he found some of them hamstrung and with their heads battered in by some blunt instrument, and their hides taken off He recognised tbe beasts as his property by the head and ear mark?, and had missed them from amongst his herd. When the police went to the prisoner's place she denied having any hides, but on search being made six were fonnd concealed, including the three that were the subject of tbe trial, and which bore the brands of the prosecutor. The defence set np was that the animals fromwhich they had been taken were found dead in ths bush, a defence which, were it even proved to be true, would not avail the prisoner. Bat the examination of the carcases determined that death had been a violent one. Tbe prisoner was convicted, and sentenced to three years imprisonment in the Darlinghurst GaoL A HEM OF FIRE AT THE .THEATRE ROYAL— Just before the last scene of "Hamlet," at the Theatre Royal, last night, a panic on a small scale appeared to seize a portion of the audience, in consequence of an alarm of fire being raised by the "gods." The only foundation for the sudden surprise seems to have been that some Chinamen had been letting off crackers in Little Bourk-street, in celebrating a religious ceremony, and the smoke was seen coming fromthe npper part of the stage. The generality of the andlence did not know what was the matter, but the noise of a rush in the gallary was quite enoogn to cause a number of persons in other puts ot the house to make for the doors, and the exclamation that some one was foolish enongb to make that the tidal wave was coming, bad tbe effect of increasing their speed. However, it required but a tew seconds to shew that tne alarm was needless, thongh the house was some minutes in settling down to quietude again, and the ghost had once more to come from tbe grave with the assurance that there was not tne slightest cause for the agitation. Heir Brofr mann also felt called npon to remark that tcis glorious country was not destined to go down yet lor some thousands of years, The andienM cheered, and the piece proceeded without ther interruption. Might we venture tosnggesi to the police the desirability of restraining Celestial euthusiam when it is calculated w work harm to other persons? Rumors relative to the cause of the alarm differing from here assigned, were In general circulation night, which it would be well for the management of,the theatre to inquire into, dear up as Boon as possible.—.Argus, Thursday. A man named Osbaldiston, who was charged with stealing the Duke of Edinburgh jeweUei^ when in Adelaide, appeared before tbeAlbuiy bench on Friday, says the Banner cbsn^ with stealing a horse, saddle, and bndle,BO™ n hotel at the Tumut The pnsoner dentified by a person who had seen him on n» trial at Adelaide, but he denied the affair, ana aid it was a relation of his who hsd been «» cerned in the ft jewel iaorsl robbery, rnhherv. He was reman" 0 to Tumut. 