SQUATTERS RELIEF BILL. a puouc mceuug was nctu on Wednesday cvoning last at tlio Billiard Rooms, adjoining Phillip's Queens Arms Hotel. On tho motion of Mr. J. 0. White, seconded by Mr. Lord, tho Mayor was voted to»tho chair. lnafc gontleraan read tho advertisement convening tho meeting; after whioh, ho requested any ouo who felt an interest in tho subject before them to address tho audicuco. Mr. Pec ii by tlion rose, and said bo was 'almost disheartened at again scciug so small an attendance to discuss such an important measuro as tho Squatters' Reliof Rill. Five / resolutions had b.-cu discussod at tho meeting held tho other night at tho Sovereign Hotel; and ho hoped ho should bo assisted by some .of the committee, for he, as a solitary indivi dual, could not be expected— nor was it desir able that be should— tako the responsibility of the wholo proceedings cooncctcd with tho movement set on foot. Mr. Pcchey then rcud tho following address: — " Tho threo Bills now before tho House, viz , tho Squatters Relief Bill, the Immigration Bill, and theCivil Service Bill— must bo considered togothor, .as they ., must bo worked collaterally. What is the use ' to Queenslandcrs of passing such a Bill as tho " Bill to Cousolidato and Amend the Law rolating to Grown Lands in tho Unsettled Districts"? This Bill is supposed to offer K relief to tho pastoral tenants in tho outside relieved ? You may, for argument's sake, divide 'the real holders of runs in these (so- . called) unsettled districts, under tho following beads:— 1st. The holder of first-class runs in the Western Darling Downs, tho Maranoa, tho Leichhnrdt, Port Curtis, Clermont, and Kennedy Districts, who could (supposing they wore the original holders) sell out at splendid , .profit .on tlictf investments — They do not require relief.- 2nd. The holders oMirst-class runs on tho Darling Downs proper, who ..have v Bent out thoir brothers, brothcrs- in-daw, cou sins— 'et boo genus omno"— with their sur- #;plnsatock to "pastures new," and who can make their 30 per cent, per annum on tho . homo rum.— Thoy do not requiro relief. 3rJ. . Tho twenty-nino Sydney merchants, who , 8'goed the petition, and some of whom took . security for their own or the bank's money, which, they have since found, by tho general depreciation in the value of property, is not worth the money and modorato interest they ; bnvo" charged, and haro foreclosed; somo of whom have found the same thing,-, and aro only koeping thoir unfortunato victims on a supporting string until thoy can get tho pro- I . posed twobty-one years' lease, to.duly dotbo | ; . ditto — Tbeso pooplo may require relief ; but f: why should they have it? Thoy aro shrewd men of business : they know all ubout interest, Lb commission on sales, ditto on purchase, for- warding agencies, interest on advanccs,andcom- f missions for obtaining accommodation; per- L bops eodio of tbero have heard of such a thing \ as a salted invoice. Well, are these tho men V. to ask tho people of Queensland to givo up L . their property in the public lands of tho ji f:' colony .to absentee mortgagees or proprietors. I - Capital, no doubt, wo want in Queensland ; I but have these gentlemen shown themselves f disposed to oxpend capital? Look at tho shepherds' huts on the Nogoa, tho Comet, or 'any other rivor on which tbeso merchants I liotu— uircctty or . indirectly— an interest, aua you will have nn answer. A big fallen gum treo and a few sheets of- galvanised iron, under o tropical sun, is- tho extent of the cxpondituro of their. capital. . How much thoy pay to wards the resuscitation of baked brains of shepherds in Woogoroo would be nn interesting Inquiry. If these well-informed Sydney mer chants aro to receive relief, because they find t that,tho security on which they advanced their I mouey is not now worth the advances, why I should not tho poor agriculturist, tho small capitalist, the man who purchased laud a few y years ago at fivo and ten. pounds an acre, and A lias sinco laid out tho labour of himsolf and family on it — and now finds that lie has made jj a bad' bargain— end who has all along paid tho j grinding' taxes ofQuccnsland — why febould not \ 1 Ojrecei.vo relief also? 4th. .There 1003 .bo a S very small class of outside pastoral tenants; i meu who have nobly performed tlio 'worlr of $ pioneers; and who, by their cn.orgy ar»d' d t pcrsoveranee, havo managed to stick to their IS runs without accommodation. And, if -such I- there bo, they certainly deservo reliof to its; jf;, fullest extent. But the greater portion of tho Lr original piooeors aro either doing a stroke ; p. or, havo long since, sunk into tho positioo-of fo . litlla betlpp than overseers for the banks or ft . their middle men (Anglico/ sharks "), Now, |S to such as thc>c, I would wish to open a road '.S to rolief. And it is to be done in tho follow- ffl ing way:— Lot all tho present leases run until A 1st January, 1S72. Meanwhile, go into tlio English Money Market and get up a bauking oompuny, with a capital of— say 4-2,01)0, 000 ; let tho Government guarantee to tho share rs holders interest at the rate of 5 per cent. Let a proper charter bo granted to this bank 'fl under, efficient inspection. Let all the una- S? liennted lauds and supposed reproductive works m of tho colony bo handed over to this bauk, under S| ; r certain rules and restrictions, and do oway jgt; with the presont Departments of Lands ond of ® "Works and all -thcir expensive paraphernalia 9|: of lazy clerks and parasites— a private corn el' pany would manage our Lunds and Works 3 much bettor than they will ever bo managed 5a under Government putronogo— and glvo'tho V subscribers to the hank fund a certain per cenbgc on the nctt revenue derived from tho |\4- - Lands and Works handed over to their man- i /£ ngement. Let Litis National Bauk havo the // full arid sole benefit of tho circulation on v paper money in the colony ; and if any body K. else required the convenience let them lodge Ip .: bullion or security to the omount of their cir- r culation in tho National Bank, ond let the j Chief Inspector countersign all their notes. "J Say— let tho lands of tho colony bo divided into three classes — tho present settled dis- 'V-3 triets, in which any man could tako up 320 ''/J acres on paying survey and deed fees, and la receive a title deed after having resided 3 thereon for fivd years and improved his selee- « tion; and, after an eighth part of any one 8 district bad been selected iu this way, let this |j system cease in that district, aud let the a remainder of tho lands bo sold by publio auc- n tion at anupset price of ,£1 per acre; lettingtho i; j present lessees iiold the lands until thus dis- I Apsed oe. 2nd. Intermediate districts— in- I Buding the remainder of tho Darling Downs, J tIo Maranoa, the Leiehhardt, Clermont, Bur- r>v nett, and tho remainder of the Port Curtis and Kennedy Districts, in which an iudefeasiblo nod uDinortgageal le lease for fifteen ycarB should be granted to tho present holders. 3rd. Tho Unsottlcd districts, including tho remainder of the colony, in whioh leases should be granted as above for — say — twenty- fivo years Provided always that the Governor have the powor to proclaim towo reserves in both intermediate ond unsottlcd distriots, that all lands within 6ve miles of cither sido of any railway in course of construction should im mediately become ond be treated as a part of tho settled districts. Let tho National Bank, with its two millions, take up any mortgages that , woro' worth taking up, on stock or unexpired; leases, when tho present banks grow sulky mid tried to withdraw their capital. I imagine that the reduced expense of managing the Lands and Works— and increased incotno of thoso departments,1 when in the hands of a semi-private company — would crentc such ao addition to tho revenue ns would afFord funds not only for tho construction of a net-work of railways through tho colony, hut, also, that —in time— a coniplcto system of irrigation could bo carried out, without which any attempt at agriculture on tho western water shed of the colony will always provo a failure in dry seasons. I also itnagiuo that by form ing largo reservoirs of water amongst tho ranges at the heads of all tho principal creeks (this will, doubtless, bo au expensive under taking) tho climate of tho country would uot only bccoiuo much more moist, but also that tho seasons would hecomo much moro regular. And that, in time, what aro now mcro sheep walks would bccomo splendid ogricauurai aismcis rurmea oy icnaum ui uiu now insolvent squatters, thon independent resident landlords. It is rather a take-down of tho bo£tcd civilization of the nineteenth ceotury that wo find ourselves now at tho latter end of it, and yet attempting to carry on.agricuUuro in a manner which tlio Hiudoos and Chinese (whom wo have' been taught from infancy to look upon as heathoos ond blacka moors) would doridc ; and if tbo ghost of Nitn- rod could riso from its grave, be would smile, with . contempt, on the degeneracy of the human race, which was hblc, juft after tho almost ontire destruction of our species, to carry out a system of irrigation in tho valleys of tho Euphrates and Tigris which was the fonder of ono of the most intelligent of our mbilern savants, and yet, after sovcrnl thou sand years of progress, attempts to grow crops withouLaoy moisture— in a climuto where the only wonder is that the periodical dryness of tho ntmospbero docs not absorb tho blood out of our very arteries. 'To return to the more immcdiato subject, I cousider that tho plan I propose is fcnsiblo, and that instead of bene fitting a few foreign pawnbrokers, it will be of really solid benefit to tho residents of the colony. Tho details of it, no doubt, require filling in; ond some of tho provisions may require modifying; but if I have only drawn attention to the subject, I shull not consider that I havo spoken— or you listened— in vain. Evory man has an interest in tbo question- as, although wo cannot sell tho lands of tho colony to divide tho proceeds— yet the rovenue dcrirod from thorn goes to reduce the enor mous taxation wo are now grumbling under. I would wish to bo informed what is tbo nso of bringing iu an Immigration Bill at tbo samo time thot it is proposed to look up tho lands of tho colony for twenty-ono years?" Ho then proposed tho first resolution, &b; follows:—" Io tho opinion of thin mcoting, the Bill now befrro the Legislative Assembly to consolidate and amend tbo laws relating to Crown lands— mora generally known as the Pastoral Relief Bill— is moro calculated to afford relief to a very small portion of tho community, and confer moro .bonefit on nbseo- toe- mortgagcos than upon tho rosidout popu lation of Qucoosland " Seconded by Mr. Heeney. Carried. Dr. Sachsb moved tho seoond resolution, viz.—" That the establishment of a Coloniul Government Bank, with. a proper charter aud management, would bonctit all classes of tlio comniuuity, and would afford tho best reliof to tho.outsido squatters; and would furnish means for carrying out very cxtcosivo works of internal communication .'and irrigation." In speaking to tho resolution, Dr. Sachse, in a very animated maunor, insisted that nothing but radical moans would cvei. briug tho couo- .try again to prosperity. . Half and half mea sures were of no use; the people must all exert themselves to tho utmost if they wished to sco lite Crown Lauds. of the colony fairly 1 oeoupied for. pastoral us. well ns agricultural porsultB. If wisely disposed of, he calculated tbero worth, ut least, 150 millions sterling. Thev should be boucbt of the- Government at fair valuation— for which the equutters should pay interest to tho Government instead of annual rentals as nt presont. They could sell and dispose of them just the same oh now This Government capital would establish a sound provincial bank, infinitely preferable, in every re.spect, to tho present private banking institutions. Ho contended that tho country was our own, and wo ought to buvo the solo claim to it. Looking so far forward for our children— and maintaining all tho extrava gant opimons on tho claims for posterity— was all nonsense. Our children could look out for themselves. Both squatters and agriculturists conld prosper together If tho Crown lunds wero only honestly disposed of. Wo should havo fuuds enough for a railroad northward all tbo way from the Gulf of Carpentaria, and for a complete net- work of them throughout the whole of tho interior. History would tell tliotn that Frederick tho Great— at ono time seeing his country almost rutnod- founded a provincial bauk 011 a largo 6cale, by which ho bought up Pomcrauia, a magnificent district, and, by the assistance of the funds of bis bank, the wholo oouotry flourished as it bad nevor done before. Through bis indefatigable exer tions, ho also established a Provincial Govern ment on a sound and solid basis, which lasted for generations. Ho thought Queensland very similarly situutcd to tho stato ho hod alluded to. Government could afford to lend money at a fair working iutercst of 5 or G por cent., which would bo infinitely preferable to the Fquattcrs and others borrowing money at exor bitant rates of interest, as they wcro forced to do now from private banks. The Crown lands being in possession of tho Government, thoy would always havo good security for advooces, on which thoy would hold mortgages instead of tho private banks. n© was not financier enough to cxplniu thoroughly tho whole working of the system be had alluded to; but it was an undoubted fact tbot Pomc rauia had flourished uoder it, all her peoplo being prosperous and happy. Tbo paper mooey cf that stato was still in circulation, and was held in tho bigbo&t; estimation. What hod been done tbero by Frederick the Great could be done here. Wby might not tho squattors pay interest on money advanced by a Govern ment on mortg&go; as well as by a privato bank ? Ho sincerely believed tbat if tbo lands wcro 60 disposed of tho presont squatters in Queensland could pay off ths whole. of tho pro- sent liabilities of the colony. Thoy could not havo any more popular institution than a Cen tral National Bnuk based on tho solid founda tion of the value of tho publio lands — safely mortgaged and securely held by the Govern ment. It would be in possession of tho wholo of them, and ho could not imogino any safer or more splendid estate to found u bank upon. Tho present Parliament would uover represent the peoplo of tho country honestly and fairly. Members must bo paid, nt leant, ,£500 a year caeb. No gentleman of ability aud education would throw away his time for nothing. Without fair and adequate reward, it was un reasonable to expect men to attend Parliament day after day, They would go when it suited them, and hold office only to suit tbomsclvcs and their interests — for somo cause or other. Ho would repeat that tho stetesman- liko con duct of Frederick tlio Great was worthy of imitation. As. he founded a bank and dis posed of Pomorania so could tho millions of aercs bo disposed of in this colony. There wore not, perhaps, throughout tho wholo of Queensland moro than 2,000 squatters and farmers. Thore was plenty of land already surveyed, if it could only bo had undor wise and liberal regulations. Thon — and not till iuea— suouiu we see uotu tea agriculturalist and pastoralisfflourisbing together. (Hear, hear, and applause) In Poinerania tho settlers wcro allowed to tako up 320 nores, froo of all costs wbatover. They had nothing to pay, except a few taxes and local ratos for schools for their children. They bad to work but a few days in thccoursoof the year on the main roads of tho country to keep them in proper repair; and no- peoplo were more happy. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Harvey seconded the second resolution —which was carried 'nem. con. Mr. Barry moved the third resolution, as follows: — "That in tho opinion of this meet ing, tho proposal to grant twenty ono years leases to tho squatters in tho unsettled dis tricts, without any reservation for future classification, is unjust in principle, and cal culated to seriously interfere with the financial prosperity of tho colony, aud to prevent tho settlement of. a most- desirablo cIrsb of emi grants. Ho said ho did not come prepared to take any part in tho proceedings of tho even ing. Ho was fully sensillo that relief must be given to tho squatters in the outside dis tricts in somo Bbapo or other ; while agricul turists, also, needed every consideration tbat could bo afforded thorn by the Government. Mr. Pitts seconded Mr. Barry's resolution, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Pecuey proposed the fourth resolution, viz,—" That tho committco bo rcquostod to draw up a petition to tho Assembly, embody ing tho foregoing resolutions, and communi cate with the loading men in tho othor towns of tho oolony, requesting their co-opcration ; and that a subscription list ho opened for printing prospcotuses, setting forth tbo objcot of tho memorialists." Mr. Pecuey thought that, by unanimous action, no, Government could resist tho prayer of tbo pctitioo. With rcforonco to banks, bo begged to say that bo bad just read an extract from tbo 'Loudon limes, wnicu launcnou out in a most censorious stylo on the impropriety of banking institutions speculating in exports nod imports— a proceeding qaito opposed to tho gonoral business of banking. It censured ibo manager of tbo banks, and insisted that it ought to be discontinued, for it was & system of trading which tho sharoholderB nevor could havo contemplated. Ho (Mtf. Pccboy) repeated that be felt suro, by united aotion, the move ment already commenced agaiust tho Squat ters Reliof Bill would bo of benefit to tho colony at largo. (Hear, hear.) A vuto of thanks having been passed aud conveyed to tho Chairman, for his patient attontion to tho business of tho evening, tho meotiug separated about half-past nino o'clock, A bare-faced case of obtaining money undor falso pretences occurred on Fridoy last. Two meu wcro recently discharged — ouo from tlio gaol, tho other from St. llolcnn, their nmnes being Matthow Bripgs.f alias -Matthew Brings Scotson 'alias' Matthow Gibson, nod Mack 'alias' Francis Mnguifc. They stopped for a time ot a public houso in Albert-street ; and on Friday Gibson went to Mr. Michael Flonnery's Assembly Hotel, Kdward-stroet, ana gavo 11 10 ue uuucrsiooa uiai 110 was u publican from Dalby, just como down the country. Ho asked Flaoncry whether ho could find stabling accommodation for his horses there, and Flaonory said tho stable was full, Tho country gentleman 6aid, however, that whether room was found thoro for his horses or not, he would himself stop with Fiannory, as bo was not at all satisfied with tho houso whero ho had left his horses. A ' conversation followed, and Mr. Gibson entered into a gkwing descriptiffn of tho stato of things at Dalby, and urged his host to set up business tbero for himself, assuring him tbat I therowas yet room left for a man in his lioo of business. After a time, Maguiro turned up, and was addressed by Mr. Uih6on as his "tnon." "How wero the horses getting on ?" "Oh, all right," said Maguiro, and tho country gen tleman was satisfied. After tea Mr. Gibson thought of going to the concert and taking his " man " with him ; but all the mouey ho had was a ohequo for jCBO, and having couio in Into ho lind not time to cash it. Would Mr. Flunnery tako tho cheque, and lot him have £10 to-night ? Mr. Flaonory glanced at it, it s&emod; all right, and could he havo any doubt respecting the ohequo of Mr. Gibson, of Dalby ? Mr. Gibson accordingly got £10, and accom panied by bis man, sauntered towards tho School of Arts, first of oil telling his host to have a first-rnto supper ready for him by the tiino he catno back. Not long nficr thoy had gone, Mr. Flaonory looked at tbo chcquo'und found that tbero was no signaturo to it, but that tho words "eighty pounds" had bccu written in the place which should havo been graced by by tho bold Roman band of "Mr. Gibson, of Dalby." Tho doioctive polico wero at once consulted, and, ere the evening had much further advanced, Mr. Gibson and his man worn found iu tlio Sportomna's Arms, Queen-street, spending the timovcry plcasautly in tho parlour. Most of tho money that had been obtained from Flanncry was recovered. — 'Queensland Times. C. H. Stafford, late chief clerk in the Cus- tomtr Bockliaropton, has again been heard of. Ho departed for California on the 21st March. Ho has defrauded tho revenue of over £200. — Yoterctay'i Courier . . S 