NEWS AND NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. XXVII. Tuesdnv, December Mr last communication was on tho 10th No- vember?nearly a month ugo?nnd if I woro to attempt to summariso all that has since occurred hero, of a public nature, the attempt would bo a misorable failure. Your readers aro nwaro that tho Parliament was prorogued in haste, and that tho writs for the now elections wero issued in an unusually short spuco of timo afterwards. They aro all made returnable on tho 24th January next, which would moko tho full spaoo of five years sineo the return of the writs for tho last Parliament. Tho first nomi- nation was for East Sydney, and took place on tho Sud instant. Up to ulmost tho lust day it wus uot certain that Martin or Parkes would como out for this constituency,' as Parkes had oddressed his old constituents at Kiama, and Martin wos up for Newcastle, hoing opposed thero by Mr. Lloyd j and ns Mr. Charles Cowper hod consented to como forward into political lifo again, ond stand for East Sydney, thero seemed very littlo doubt, in most quarters, thut tho Ministeriul party would be triumphant. But nevor, so far as my experi- ence goes here?aud it extends ovor tho whole period sinco Responsible Government has been established?wos any expectation doomed to greater disappointment. Eleven candidates wore nominated for East Sydnoy, and tho palling took place on tho 4th stunt. Thero were then in the field Mr. Cowper, Slr. Parkes, Sir James Martin, Mr. Neille (ono of tho Into members), Mr. David Buchanan,Mr. King (a highly respectable Sydney merchunt), Mr. Salomons (barrister), Mr. R. A. Hunt (formerly of the Post-office), Mr. Alderman Steel, and two " duffers," of whom it is uot necessary to tako auy further notice. During the whole of the polling day the activity of the various committees was in- tense j but before the close it became quite ap- parent to keen observers that the organisation on the part of thc Martin- Parkes party was by far the most efficient. The elec- tion evidently turned upon the Fenian and anti-Fenian erie?, and Parkes was now making play for the prize which he had all along had in view ever since he stimulated that " ghost" panic of which your readers have no doubt heard so much. He had on his side the Orangemen (of whom I understand that there are seven lodges in Sydney), the "Pro- testant Political Associition," and, I am told, the Political Temperance Society. It was all a gross humbug, no doubt; for many of the leading persons denounced by these parties know to be, like myself, thoroughly English and Protestant, and thoroughly loyal to the Queen and to British institutions, while, on the other hand, Parkes had fraternised with the incipient Feoianiam of Gavan Duffy, aud Buchanan had, little more than two years ago, delivered in Sydnoy a lecture on " The Wrongs of Ireland," rampant with treason and the most violent language against tho rule of England. As tho polling day grew to a close, tho interest became most intense. A telegram brought the intelligence from Newcastlo that Lloyd had beaten Martin thero by a mojority of 83, but still tho jeport gathered strength that the Alartin party would bo found victorious in East Sydney. It had been expected that the state of the poll would be declared ot half-post 6 o'clock, but up to half- past 8 it wos still a matter of speculation. At that time all the space in Hydo-Park from the hustings, near the Prince Consort's statue, to Market-street, was one dense sea of human heads. The Eerald thinks thot there were twenty thousand present i but although I don't think there were so many, the crowd wos not for short of that number. The people behaved very well, and wero singing good-humored songs?only two or threo single combats occur- ring ; but I fancy the reason of this waa thot both porties thought they would win. At leDgth, ot nearly 9 o'clock, tbeRetuniiDg-oflicer, Mr. Archibold Thompson, como up on the hustings hurriedly, and, after a brief consulta- tion with the Inspector-General of Police, Captain M'Lerie, announced that the whole of the returns were not yet examined, and the poll would not be declared until next morning. I and others guessed at once that the Parkes party were victorious, and that this postponement had been judiciously made to avoid a riot. I certainly think thot if the true state of affairs had been declared then nnd there, and especially if Buchanan had broken out into tho furious abuse of the Catholics and their clergy which he indulged in uext doy, there would have boen fearful work amongst the eighteen or twenty thousand excited men present. In fact, so much apprehension was entertained on this score that the troops were kept under ormB in ease of necossity, though I don't think that such a necessity as that could ho likely, as we have a rather formidable polico force in Sydney. However, the crowd quietly dispersed, and w ere not suffered to remain long in suspense. They wero addressed by Parkes and his friends from the balcony of their com- mittee rooms, at Punch and M'Grath's Hotel, and at once informed that Martin and Parkes were triumphant, whilo Mr. Cowper was defeated altogether. Many wero utterly incredulous, but the statement proved quite true. The following wero the numbers, as declared next day:?Parkes, 3397 ; Martin, 3158; Buchanan, 2705; King, 2682. These four, therefore, were tho. successful candidates. Tbe others, wero t?Cowper, 2548; Salomons, 2100 ; Neale, 2071; Steel, 759 j Hunt, 742. The excitement during tho wholo of Thurs- day night, was tremendous. Parkes und his friends got the German bund and accompanied Martin's carriage to the whurf, to meet him on his return from Newcustlo, which occurred at about 1 in tho morning. Tho news was of course very welcome to Sir James Martin, and his party, afcer ho and Parkes had harangued them, escorted them' with the band playing, to his residence at Potts' Point. Tho official declaration of the poll passed off very quietly uext day?in fact tho postpone- ment hod, so to speak, broken the fall; but Buchanan delivered such o speech os I never before heard in my life, so vile, insulting, and gratuitous was it in its insults to the Roman Catholics and tho priests. And yet this very mon, three or four yeors ago, published a pamphlet at Maitland, in which he eulogised the Catholic priesthood in tho mOBt fulsomo manner, describing tbe late Father Therry as something barely below an angel; denouncing tho " robberies " committed by tho Protestants upon the Catholics, nnd designating hie present loader (Sir James Martin) a " shal low-putod pretender." Of a verity, we hove a "rum lot" to govern us! I hear, ond can very woll understand, that Mr, Cowper was deoply wounded by his defeat; but not more than Mr. Robertson was, for he had urged Mr. Cowper to como forward. The election for Paddington took place on Friday, when tho Secretary for Works, Mr. Sutherlund, u most worthy, honest mon, was returned with- out opposition. To-day the nomination for West Sydney has taken place. It was expected that Dr. Lung would have como for word, or at leaEt been nominated, as (in reply to a largo requisition) he had intimated his willingness to sit if elected. I must tell you I had heard that tho Doctor, if he did go into Parliament again, would have pre- ferred going in for Mr. Robertson's lute district of the Clarence, and thou going homo to-Eng lond to advocate tho erection of the Claronco district into a separate colony! Bo thia as it moy, however, thc authorities of tho Presby- terian Church were, I know, opposed to Dr. Lang, or any of their clergy, going into Parliament again, und tho result is that Dr. Lang hos again withdrawn. Mr. Bowden hos been elected for the Clurenccto-doy, unopposed. j The nominations for West Sydney to-doy were, Messrs. \V. R. Campbell and" J. Robertson, on I thc Ministi rial side j Mr. A. H. Richardson, formerly Manager of tho Joint Stock Bank, on his own hook; nnd Messrs. J. Wearne, W. 0. Windeyer, G. Eagar, and. W. Spoor, os the Opposition " bunch." Tho polling takes pliieo next Thursday, and I beliovo tho balance of opinion ia to tho effeot that tho Mnrtiu-Purkcs porty will goiu nnothor victory. I have much to sny which I must postpoue until Tuesday next. In the menutimo I give you the results of tho Mackinlay trials, in which sentences wero pronounced this dny, I quote from this afternoon's Evening News .? " Beforo Mr. Juatico Ohoeko. "Denis Mackinlay, Putrick Mackinlay, James Rogers, Georgo O'Briou, nnd Alexander Shuw, convicted of conspiracy to defraud, were brought up at tho Central Criminal Oourt for sentence " Donis Mockinlay said ho never intended to defraud his creditors. If he had liked ho might huvo sont £20,000 worth bf goods away und then mudo his escape. All ho did was to endeavor to raise money, in order to meet his liabilities. Ho was only sorry that through anything ho had dono thoso other men had been brought into trouble. Ho nover hud uny fruudulont iutout. " Patrick Mackinlay sent a written statement up to His Honor, in which ho sloted thot ho had nothing whatever to do with tho action of his brothor. Ho heard nothing of hi3 brother's speculation until tho thing was completed. Ho (Putriok Mackinlay) was currying on business in Brisbane. He had by honesty, perseverance, aud industry, established one of tho best busi- nesses in the city, clearing £1500 a year. While iu Brisbnuo, ho hoard of his brother having bought a vessol, and thinking tho specu- lation involved too much risk, resolved to como to Sydney, and seo about it. Ho did so, but when he arrived here ho found that the goods hud all been bought, and that the Snowbird was nearly luden. Ho, therefore, consented, nnd according to instructions proceeded to Cleveland Boy, and thence overland to tho Gulf of Carpen- taria, where, shortly aftor his arrivul, ho was in- formed of the failure of tho firm. He then returned to Sydnoy. He hud not tho slightest intention to defraud any of his creditors, or in any wny to uct dishonestly. "Janies Rogers also handed a statement to His Honor, iu which ho said ho waa a perfect stranger to Mackiulay, but waa employed by him us an agent to get a vessel to go to New Zealand. He procured the Welcome Home, and at Maekinlay's request superintended tho loading of her. fie hod no guilty knowledgo of any of the dealings of Mackinlay. All ho did in the matter was under instructions from Mackinlay, as his agent. He nover committed or intended to commit any froud. " George O'Brien said he was an utter stronger to Mackinlay until the timo of the present transaction. Mackinlay told him that ho was going to send a vessel and cargo to Sneer's Island, and that he wanted him (O'Brien) to take charge of tho store there. Ho consented to do so. He wns afterwards told by Mac- kinlay that Mr. Soyers and Captain Smith had told him that ho would not bo acting wisely to send the goods to so narrow a market as Sweer's Island, and ho therefore determined to send some of tho goods to New Zealand. He, however, found out on inquiry that drapery goods would not find a market in New Zenlnnd. He then sent them to Melbourne und employed him (O'Brien) to take charge of thom and sell them, for which he was to havo 5 per cent, commission. He did so, and Rogers nccoin punied him. He had not done o single thing in the mutter thot he would not do again to- morrow wero ho ot liberty. " Aloxonder Show sold he wos employed by Denis Mackinlay, at the rate of £14 per month, to command tho Snowbird, which was then about to soil for Sweer's Island. Ho signed for tho goods, but afterwords told Mackinlay that ho believed he had signed for moro goods thon he wus able to corry. Denis Mackinluy told him not to mind, that ho would send tho rest of the goods on to Sweer's Island by tho next vessel. Ho (Shaw) started awuy from Sydnoy, und reached Olovoland Boy, whero he sent o telegram to Mackinlay in Sydnoy that ho had orrired. Patrick Mackinluy ufterwards carno up from Sydney, and ho (Shaw) went away for | Sweer's Island. Ho proceeded on his course all right till the unfortunate occurrence of tho burn- ing of the ship. Ho then came back to Olcvo lnud Bny, und telegraphed to Mackinluy that the ship had been burnt, but received no answer.' Shortly afterwords ho was arrested. " His Honor said the jury hod found all the prisoners guilty of this conspiracy, ond ho had no alternative but to pass sentence upon them. He then sonteuccd each of tho prisoners to bo imprisoned in Sydney Gaol for the period of two years. " Denis Mackinlay, convicted of fraudulent in- solvency, was then brought up, and sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Sydney gool, the sentence to commence at tho expiration of the former sentence. "James Rogers ond George O'Brien, convicted of a breach of tho 7th section of the Insolvent Act?viz., fraudulently assisting to remove and conceal certain goods with intent to defraud the creditors iu tho estate of Mackinlay Brothers, were ulso. sentenced to threo years' imprison- ment in Sydney gaol. " His Honor suid the points reserved by the counsel for tho prisoners would bo argued beforo the full Court, hut ho was bound to puss sentence. " Beforo HiB Honor Mr. Justico Fnucott. "Alexander Show, convicted of burning the ship Snowbird, was brought up for sentence. Prisonor repeated the statement ho had previ- ously made before Mr. Justice Cheeke. " His Honor sentenced the prisoner to two years' hurd labor in Sydney gaol. '¦' Mr. Butler, Crown Prosecutor, asked His Honor if the sentenco was to commence at tho expiration of tho sentence pronounced by Judge Cheeke. " His Honor said tho sontonco was to com- mence at the present time, it is therefore con- current with tho former sentence. QUEKN V. BOUBKE. " James Bourke, charged with concealing and removing portion of certain goods with intent to defraud the creditors in the estate of Mac- kinlay Brothers, was remanded on bail, himself in £600 und two sureties in £300 euch, until the noxt sitting of the Central Criminal Court." 