THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. " Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas, Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." —JUVENAL. With that affectation of cynicism which is so noticeable a feature of the literary hack of the present day, I have often told yon that I despise amusements. You will understand that all persons who, like myself, are forced to scribble inanities for a livelihood, pretend to be utterly blasés and prematurely experienced. The first time that a young man writes an article for a newspaper he assumes that he is at least fifty years old, and that he has seen everything, done everything, and is loaded to the muzzle with compressed information on every possible topic. He affects to have seen the vanity of everything, and to be profoundly impressed with the viciousness of virtue. He does wrong merely be cause other people do right, and. would sell his soul (could he bring himself to confess to a belief in its existence) for an antithesis. But where your literary genius is peculiarly great is on the subject of woman. To read his effusions you would imagine that Solomon was a dunce and Bruyère an ignorant charlatan, while you would also imagine that he himself was compounded of equal parts of Beaumarchais and Jacques de Cassanova, shaken up in a bottle with double-distilled essence of Swin- burne. As in duty bound I also affect the calm cynicism which becomes a philosopher who has set the Decalogue to dance-music, and improvised variations on every offence in the statute book. Now, the other night, I was torn from my peaceful pipe to accompany a friend of mine to the theatre. I gently suggested that I had already been surfeited with panto- mimicry, and did not care about it. " But," said he, " the three Governors will be there!" Being a Briton and a snob, I hired my customary dress-coat from Clee- land's and went. I was not profoundly amused—in fact, the place was rather hot than otherwise—and had I not fallen in with some agreeable people who could talk sensibly, I should have been sorry for coming. It is a curious feature in colonial society that people always go to the theatre for some other purpose than the ostensible one of seeing the performance. Talking of amusements reminds me of the race-day. It is curious that so many people fall ill about that time. A gentleman of my. acquaintance—he lives, luxurious dog, in a neighbouring coal-shed—came up to me as I was ruefully contemplating the last atom of the last plug of Barrett's twist that hard fate had left me, and sat himself down on a con- venient door-step. He began to laugh im- moderately. "What is the matter ?" I asked. " I was coming up Collins-street just now," said he, "and I saw a man at one of the doors asking 'if the doctor was in ?' 'No,' said the servant, 'he has gone to a consultation in the country.' ' I have been to four others,' said the applicant, 'and they have all gone to consultations in the country too.' ' But he'll be back at six,' said the domestic, the ghost of a smile hovering about his lips. ' Oh yes,' re- turned the patient with a contemptuous laugh, ' they'll all be back at six !'" I looked at my friend and silently pressed the tobacco into his hand. He had made a social discovery. " Misery makes us acquainted with strange bedfellows." Those who like myself stray, mental Gringoires, into a literary Cour des Miracles, are apt to meet with adventures in the kingdom of Argot. We—the chosen of Bohemia, the slaves of the lamp, the burners of dawn, and drinkers of midnight—see some strange sights occasionally. For instance, to the wanderer on the pavements, the little story of Mr. Keneally, shoemaker, possesses interest. This gentleman indulges in the midnight amusement of beating his own child, an infant nine months old, and nearly killing the same. The mother had previously escaped. over the roof through a window. Upon assist- ance being obtained, the ingenuous Keneally locked himself into the house, and refused to be disturbed. A conscientious constable, how- ever, waited outside until one o'clock, and captured the ruffian as he came out. Here is a pleasant little domestic drama ! Quite an interesting tale might be made out of this little incident. Also let us turn our attention to the contemplation of the life and death of Thomas Young, of Taradale, resident, "drowned on Christmas Eve,on his way home from the township." This man's life, as represented by the local journal, contains material enough for three novels of the modern type. He was well versed in Hebrew, Greek, and Latin. He was originally an engraver, then reporter on an English newspaper, then a school- master. A disappointment in a love affair caused him to leave England for this colony, where he became a shepherd, and then a digger. Poor Thomas Young ! You may have been a black sheep ; your love affairs may have been vulgar and common-place ; your knowledge of Greek, Latin and Hebrew confined to the smallest limits ; but still I cannot help feeling a maudlin sentiment of pity for your wasted life and unhappy death. There is no sight which is to degrading to human nature as that of a man of ability sinking lower day by day in the social scale, losing each day some finer feeling, and looking back each night upon a wasted and useless life. I am not going to moralise ; but how many men are there in this colony who have come here with high hopes, ardent expectations, and good relations, and who have sunk into the nameless, homeless, "shep- herd " or "swagman" ? All men who have lived much up the country have stumbled. across these waifs and strays of shattered re- spectability, and the contemplation of them is not cheering though it cannot but be admonitory. I think that in a about time the ranks of swagmen will be materially increased. What are the civil servants to do ? On all sides we hear of dismissions without warning, and re- ductions without reason. Our Ministry—in the shape of M'Culloch—has pledged itself to bring a clean balance-sheet before the House. Having involved the country in as much diffi- culty as their abilities would permit them, they now attempt to set themselves right with their constituents by saving money at all risks. From north, south, east, west, goes up the cry of the victims, To preserve his ill-gotten throne M'Culloch, like Herod of old, orders a general slaughter of the innocents. Perhaps, like Herod, his desperate policy will be un- availing. The abolition of "departments" is always attended with danger, and is a step which a prudent popular Ministry would think twice before attempting. Civil servants have, by popular opinion, considered them- selves the peculiar people of the state. " Come death, come rack, they at all events will die with harness on their back!" Ad- mitting that reduction is needed, admitting even that it is urgent, the present method of departmental tyranny is a crying evil, and what is more a political error. The civil service is a powerful portion of the body politic, only it is ignorant of its strength. Its interests are twofold. They not only incline to support the Government of the day, but they influence largely the action of the major portion of the educated public. There is scarcely a middle- class family in Victoria which does not number a civil servant among its members. The result of the ill- judged action of the M'Culloch Government will be to raise up a deadly enemy in each household iu the colony. It has chosen its side. It has deli- berately proclaimed itself the patron of the mob, and committed itself to the waver- ing and fickle breeze of popular favour. Ignorance is a negative quality, and the persons who have crept by the back-stairs to the Cabinet have hitherto possessed all the power of non-resistance ; now that they have become aggressive they have become weak, and they will be gently ejected from the high places they have so long dishonoured. * * * * * "A word or two before you go." I had not intended to refer agent to Mr. Henderson. At his request—expressed in no very courteous terms—I last week wrote to this paper a letter, —not again accusing the rev. gentleman of plagiarism, but putting dispassionately before the public, by whom he demanded to be judged, the grounds on which I based my first assertion, and leaving the question in their hands. I think that I have no reason to be dissatisfied with the result. Had, however, tbe rev. gentleman temperately attempted to explain how the similarities I pointed out could be accounted for, I would have argued with him, and if convinced that I had been in error, would willingly have apologised. I re- gret to find that he has wittingly placed himself out or the pale of logical recognition. Inso- lence cannot take the place, of logic, nor in- vective of argument, and to Mr. Henderson's pitiful exhibition of injured vanity I shall not lower myself to reply. The spectacle of an intemperate man goaded by the sarcasms of a journalist into forgetfulness of his own position as a gentle- man and a minister, cannot but give the deepest pain to all right-thinking persons,—more especially to that congregation which owns him as a guide in things spiritual, and as an example in things temporal. I do not shrink from argument, as Mr. Henderson and the public have found, but I must decline to bandy Billingsgate with any man,—even though he be the recognised minister of a Christian Church. Q. 