THE TWIN SISTERS, AGRICULTURE AND ZG HORTICULTURE. By MK3. Lydia If.. SioounxEY. 'fThey leavohp stirig in the heart of memory— rid'siain" <iii the wing ot time."— The Hon. Marshall ' Pi Wilder.- \ . ,.!: f'Brown Cere3 one day with Pomona was meeting , .'Neath .autumu's inspiriting smile ; , , ; : . ; So civine eaori other. a sisterly greeting, They sat down to, gossip a while. ; :.. . t' l-hope you're quite well, dear, this , elegant weather."' .. " . " Hbvv ciiarmirig the epiintry,'' they s-iit'. ' 'And, how do you prosper both speaking ton getber — . "With regard to your business and trade?" . "Look" Where" the rede thorn bush and bramble \- : ; were springing, \- With-fruitage tho apple tree beuds ; T ie scythe of the mower at sunrise is swinging, / And the song of the reaper ascends. .'.'.Let us walk hand in hand, for no obstacle caring, =ItFSuitfJ|feeU'TT3lvfe'trtha'EKwnh'eatlfhfrW"earirigJ- , 7And deserts with plenty o'trflow. f:, The gold in its mine; with excitement and wonder j - May summon an , emigrant band,. ; And the chariot of Mars trample on in its thunder,. But we're the true strength of the land. " For us, no-lorn wife in her cottage is grieving, Earth welcomes us both iu her prime. . No stirig in the bosom of memory we're leaving, 7j'jNo Bting : on the pinion of time." The CAFUcniir's Sebmon at the Oathedbal of St. Stefhen, -at Vienna.— A Capuchiu, preaching n Lent lecture : at the great cathedral of St. Stephen,, at Vienna, is.said to have startled his audience by a fearful- narration, somewhat to the following effect: — « There waB once a huge and wealthy monastery in this duebv. Its Tineyards produced rich and -well, flavoured wine. Its barns wore filled with all manner of store. Fat beeves chewed the cud in its meadows: Carp by thousands were leaping its fisli- pohds. The neighbouring trout stream was the pride '!bf the monks and the envy of every other reli gious -house -in Germany. Well! the reverend : frthsrsrate, -.drank, und were merry. They -never : kept a Lenten fast. rThey were utterly unconscious ! of the pangs of hunger or tho humiliations of penury, so, they never fed the famishing or clothed the naked. ; They, had more wine than they required for the Massj arid , not enough to turn their mills with, so they- caroused from night till morning, and from morriirig'till night. One solemn day, a day of peni tence and/prayer according to the rules of:. their "Ovder," they were indulging in wild uproar. and re- yelry.: —The rofeotory eohoed with snatbhes of lioen- tious song and laughter following some double-edged gibe,; Suddenly a load knock was heard at the outer door, 'knock, knock,- knock ! The janitor went to opeD it, and was startled by the apparition of a thin, tall man—his skull- bones scarcely covered with the parchment-skin stretched over them. He was at tired in the. frook of the Order, but the shape was antiquated, tbe material scarcely to be recognised ; it was, moreover, threadbare and moth-eaten. He asked, in hollow -and sepulchral tones, for admit tance. The" janitor woS.alarhied, and shutting the gate/on tlie. stranger, went to seek instructions from tho'.'BtipBribr.; '.There stands at the gate an odd queer inanj who risks for admittance. He wears the ftoclt of-oiir Order, but '— — No huts,' -said the Ab- bot ; ' let him in. We must show hospitality to the brethrbn "; . p)aci> liim n clnur by my Bide, fill him "o goblfet bf wine/and fetoU forthwith knife, platter, and pasty. " The strange monk was introduced ; he bowed ; he took his scat, but his head was covered with hiB cowl, and he ate not a morsel, he drank not a drop! In a few minutes more knocks were heard at the gate ; knock, knock, knock! ' Again the janitor approached, trembling, and faltered forth, ' Oh, 'Sir, there are hundreds arid hundreds of these . ' thiu monks before the gate, demanding admittance 1' . 'Let them all in !' We've wine enough to last till the Millennium !' So iu they came, orowding the refectory. The- hail, was crammed ; the .vestibule, 7 Hiristeps of the. pulpit, whore the reader edified the brethren while they dined; the pulpit itself, and ;! many-stood on the bookboard half poised in the air. . Then -/there , arose a distant sound as of orackling, oraokling ; .a deadly odour as of flesh burning, mingled with sulphurous steam. The liviug monks were" filled with consternation. Their knees smote together, and their tongues clave to the roofs of their mouths, for they felt that they were in the r presence; of the dead. Then up rose the first ghost tliat had appeared, and said, 'Brethren, I was once the Abbot of this anciout and venerable house. I ate, I drank, I caroused, I never worshipped. In r my heart ! never feared God nor regarded man ; and now I am tormented in the flames. These wero my companions ; they led a similar life of gluttony and lust, and they aro in like manner tormented. But we must glorify the Lord oren iu the fire 1 So sing, brethren, Gloria Patri et Pilio, el Spirilui Sancto. The spectres hissed out an awful Gregorian tono, concluding with Ameu. A loud clap of thunder ac companied the strain, nnd when it n as finished the strange guests had disappeared— the refectory con tained only tho living monks. They ropentcd ; tlioy did work meot for repentance. Tlioy sold their : collar .of wine, and rebuilt thoir church with great . . lhagnificonce. They founded an hospital. They fed the poor.- They nursed tho plague-stricken in tbe year of the great peBtilenoo. They died in the odour : of sanotitv, and lot us hope that thoy will find mercy in .that day." — Curiosities of the Pulpit and Pulpit Literature. By Thomas Jackson, M.A. 