I j AN AS8A6BIN IN BERLIN CATHEDRAL. I IFroÀ the Twit? Oorraponttnt.") I Carlin. August.ll. ' ' " I believe lb God tbe Father, God tbe Soo, and God tbe Holy Gbeit." i » Ton He I" ' A ebot, a ory, a general commotion, . On Sondar, August 8, in the'présenos of a numerous congregation this sacrilegious scene waa eaaotod in the Cathedral Ohuroh of Berlin. The Ber. H. Heinrioi waa standing before the altar reoiting the Belief, when a young man, rieing from a front seat and interrupting the clergyman, gave him the lie, and at enoe discharged a pistol at his breast. The next moment he was in the banda of the sexton, and quietly Buffered himself *) be led away to the vestry. A portion of the congregation, Bested at a distance, having only heard the report and seen the ourling smoke, without any definite notion of what was going on, immediately began to move towards the door, and ercating considerable tumult ; but those near the altar, who had been witnesses of the daring attempt, retained their seats. In preserving their oomposure they bnt imitated the noble example of the olergyman whose life-bad just been pieced in snob, jeopardy. The Kev, H. Heinrioi was unhurt; nor had the moral firmness of the mah whose body the ball had missed been shaken, No ioonerhad the trying interlude, tbe details of whioh seem to have been observed with ter- rible distinctnsei by those near, oomie to an end than the intended victim calmly resumed reading the Creed, and with redoubled fervour, proclaimed that Belief the utterance of wbioh had imperilled bis life. _ After this the cervioe was oontinutu in Bcoerdanoe with tbe pre- scribed ritual. Tho Bev. H. Heinrioi left the altar, when tho Bev. Br. Kogel ascended the pulpit and preached a sermon, ; in which he introduced a passage expressive of.hia thanks to God for the miraculous escape bf bis clerical brother. Quiet had been speedily restored, and tho greater portion of the congregation, agitated as they were by the moat powerful emotions, left the church only after the final benediction, In the. meantime the criminal had been conduoted by a policeman tc tbe .nearest station, and examined by a superior officer. To all the questions put to him he replied wsth the ntmost frankness and composure, Ho said: "My Banoo is Blland. I am 19 years of age, a Protestant, and the son of a blacksmith, in the village of Lank, county of Lowor Barnim, a few miles from Berlin. My parents sent me to as gramrnar-scboel, wishing me to become a candidate for the ministry in the established Church. But my oyes were soon opened to the falsehood of the creed I was expeoted some day to teaeb, and my dislike was increased to disgust when I perceived.that many of those professing to believe it were liais at heart, I reined to pursue a career whioh had become so hateful to me, and resisted all attempts of ray parents to force me to persevere. Eventually I saw myself left by them to my own devices, and began tb study ort- the dramatio art, I mean. I wished to beoome an actor and to preaoh to the pnblio in my own way; but thc religious mendacity rampant around me gave me no rest riotne I saw uttering deliberate un. truths, while others, knowing them to be suoh, listened with' contemptuous indifference. Gradually I taught myself that eome striking deed WBB indispensable to rouse the publio mind from its apathy and chase away the mists of superstition, I, therefore determined to seize tho first favonrable opportunity that'offered for shooting a olergyman*wbile in the act of nttoring his oocused perjurio». I bave dene it. I havo myself cast the ball and done my bea\ to render tho shot fatal. I am sound in body and mind, and scorn the suggestion that I haue acted under the disturbing influence of temporary insanity. I pcrfeotly knew what I was abont, and am convinced there are many abie to comprehend tbe disinterestedness of my purpose, though they may, Serhaps, not approve the method chc;on to oompaes it. ly design was to shoot Mr. Heinrioi, and I was pre- pared to pay the penalty ol the deed."' Suoh in substancs was the étalement pf the reokleBS, misguided young man. Inquiries seem fully toronfirm his words. His having misai d ata distance of three paoes at Brat gave rise to tho surmise that he had fired 1 with blauk oariridgo ; but it is only too true tbat thero was a ball in the barrel. The conrse of tho ball bas boen exactly traoed. Passing within an Inoh of the clergyman's bead, it penetrated the open balustrade of tho gallery, in whioh tho Dom Chor- celebrated for its vocal performances-was' stationed, and grazed the oheekof one of the choristers, a boy of 12, The little fellow, although his oh eek Instantly began to swell, did not havo the ohnrch, but saog his allotted part to tbe end. Tho Prince Admiral Adalbert, the only member of the royal family present, when the service waa over, hastened to exprtss his sympathy to the two clorgjmen and the little onorister boy. The event throws a light npon the Bad stato of re- ligion ia this country. I am afraid. the prisoner was right in supposing that many will appreciate bis mo- tive, though they will abhor the deed. 1 have previously stated in these. oolumna that threr-fonrthB of all educated men in Germany are estranged lromthe dog» matta teaohingof tho Christian creed- estranged from it to tbs extent of diatolieviog tho sineerity of many of the olergy. ~ Only a email fraction of the nation attends Divine service ; the educated men, more es- pecially, j oumeet in church oa a Snnday are few and tar between. 