THE THEATRE ROYAL MR. TALBOT AS RICHARD THE THIRD. An actor who can give to the public such a realisation of Shakspeare's "Richard" as was exhibited by Mr. Henry Talbot on Saturday night is worth a cordial welcome to the Vic- torian stage. He is an actor whoso imper- sonations will always bear the stamp of intelli gence, whose conceptions will ever be found ingenious if not truthful, and whose physical advantages will enable him to paint the vary ing emotions of the mind with force and vigour. His voice and eye oro effective, and his bearing" graceful. He is oxcellent, too, not so much by what he does, as by what he leave» un- done. His impersonation of Richard waa » triumph of self-control no less than ot histrionic art ; for in the early scones of the play ho was so natural, so thoroughly identi- fied with his part, so impregnated with the cold snrcastic subtloty of the wily Glostor, that the major portion of the audience evidently thought him tedious. His opening soliloquy was spoken in a porfectly eas£ and inartificial manner, and from the first his downcast looks seemed the index of his evil soul. In tho scone with King Henry, all the Shakspearian traits of the character were finoly brought out ; and, in- deed, up to the end of the third act, effec wos entirely subordinated to truth. Glostor was a man of ice. His breast was imperme- able as adamant to anything moro tonder than tho avenging steel which at lost let out his life. All human weaknesses, passions, -virtues, feelings, seemed in his case to have been swallowed up in that insatiablo ambition which, like a hungry and romorsoless sea, engulphed tho lives of half his kinsfolk. His hypocritical apathy was tho convenient cloak under which ho concealed his great de- signs. The intorviow with tho Lord Mayor of London, in which ho affects roluotance to assumo the sovereign power, is a key to the character up to that point. Mr. Talbot carried out his conception with the most caroful accuracy, never attempting to pro- duce any effect upon the audionco by over- acting what his good taste and his reading told him should bo subdued. Ho had his re- ward for this restraint. The burst of exulting joy with which ho hailed the realisation of hi* ambitious dreams was rendered irresistible by contrast, and the applauso which rang through the honso told how woll tho actor's ability was appreciated. From tho time that the worthy mayor and his civic comrades who unliko their representatives of the pro sent day seem to havo been vory foolish solf important follows-offer him the crown-, Richard's whole bearing is changed. Ho be- comes as remarkable by bia brilliancy and rapidity of action as ho was previously by his cautious sullenness. Ho delights in excitement and celority of motion, as if his exuberant heart were bent upon repaying itself for long years of diplomatic patience. Thoro is, porhops, a deeper reason for this chango. When Richard's end is gained when the glittoring bauble for which ho has sinned so heavily encircles his hoad-the tcrrois of remorso begin to fasten on his soul. Ho seeks to quoll the "busy devil'* that torments his thoughts by rovolling in magnificenco and rushing into turmoil. Whenever he is alono sickening doubts and fears crcop upon him, and ho linds himself regretting what ho has done. This was finely expressed by Mr. Talbot, whoso acting in tho scene whero ho is waiting in the tower for news of the murder of tho princes would alono havo been sufficient to proclaim him a master of his art. Tho subsequent scones of the play wero repleto with brilliant passages and poetic beauties. The last act was given with a rapidity and an eager intensity of passion which wero really excellent. Tho characteristic of Mr. Talbot's acting is forco and truthful adherence to his primary conception. Ho is consistent from first to last ; but, at the samo time, thcro ara defects which, though sufficiently observable in his Richard, will be, if wo mistako not, seen with unpleasant prominçnco in othor Shakspearian characters. He plays Richard well because it is full of action, re- pleto with striking situations, and quick- ened with ever-shifting lights and shadows. But thoro is no pathos in tho charac- ter ; and one feols that if thero wore, Air. Tal- bot's assumption of it would not be nearly so effective. To the last it is hard, cold, selfish, and ropollant. Even in the tent scene, when tho ghosts of tho murdored dead upbraid him in his Bleep, ho wakes quivering with a ghastly agony, but without one re- pentant fooling. Mr. Talbot did not succeed in giving full effect to the sceno with Buck- ingham and Stanley after his coronation; and his manner of casting away his baton when the messongors bring him tho news of Buckingham's capturo was altogether arti- ficial. Throughout the wholo porformanco thero wero continual reminisconccs of Koan, and it must he owned that the defects of that actor wero copied almost as often as his oxcollences. The " Off with his head" exclamation was uttered quite in the Kean manner, with the right hand tug- ging at the glove, and the strido across the stago, which most playgoers remember. In tho last act Kean was closoly imitatedi although there wero passages lo which Mr. Talbot imparted a beauty which they nevoi obtained from his model. Although Kichard is among tho most difficult of Shakspearian characters, wo think Mr. Talbot exercised a wise discretion in solecting this play for his début. It is the play in which ho is best qualified to succeed, and wo doubt whether, ho will represent Macbeth, or Hamlet, with anything libo the power he has oxhibited in Richard. Mr. Talbot's conceptions aro dic- tated by the hoad, not tho heart. His por- formanco is a work of art, but is not marked by those natural touches of oxquisito tender- ness which givo such beauty to Macbeth. II was perceptiblo throughout that Mr. Talbol was oxecssively norvous, and, wo may add, thnt ho was very badly supported-the minor charactors being acted in a mnnnor whicl justly oxcited tho derision of tho audionco, Mr. Talbot appears to-night as Sir Pertinax Macsycophant, m Macklin s comody of " Th( Man of tho "World," 