THE PASTORAL LETTER Of the Archbishop and Bishops of the Pro vince, Assembled in the Second Provin cial Council of Australia, held at St. Patrick's Cathedral. Melbourne, in the year of our lord, 1869. To the Faithful Clergy and Laity under our Jurisdiction : Mixed Marriages.— Seven years ago, the Archbishop and the Bishops who were then m this province addressed an earnest and affection- ate warning, to the faithful laity on the subject of mixed marriages. We are sorry to be obliged to confess that the admonition has not had the ef fect, the full effect, which we hoped for, and which it ought to have had. The frequency of mixed marriages is a terrible blot upon the character of bur Catholic community. It is sad to think with what facility Catholic parents consent to such^ ir- religious connections ; with how little caution they expose their young people to social inter course, where passionate fancy and the thought lessness of youth are certain to entail the danger of mischievous alliances. It is in the main the fault of the parents more than of the children, yrho hear so little warning against mixed mar riages — so little denunciations and deprecation of their dangers and miseries. If young people did hear from the clergy, and from parents, as often and as explicitly as they ought, the sense and doctrine of the Church concerning such marriages, they would be a far rarer calamity than they are The generosity itself of the young would revolt from such unions if they saw them in their true light — as a danger and a dis grace. Yes, a disgrace ; not, perhaps, always in the eye of the world, but always in the eye of the Church. How are they fco be interpreted ? On one side there is the Church teaching that matrimony is a sacrament — that the married life has its own great duties, its own difficulties, for which special graces of God are necessary, and which are provided by Him — that the state is to be entered upon thoughtfully and solemnly — with careful preparation of mind and heart — that spouses are to be of mutual help and encourage ment in the grand end of all human life, the life for God and the next world. This is on one side ; and on the other, what ? A mere fanciful or passionate attachment, with little enough of worth about it, even when pure with the utmost natural purity it can have ; a mere passionate attachment, overlooking, or at least most cer tainly undervaluing, the great considerations we have just stated. Is not this a disgrace ? Or if the motive to mixed marriage be an advantage oub alliance in respect of: money prospects, is it Hot even more disgraceful to soil a sacred thing with, the sordid calculations of a commercial bargain ? Or, if the mixed marriage be coveted because one of the parties possesses some little higher worldly stand of fashion or connection, or Style, why, is not the thing still more contempt ibly disgraceful, at . least for the Catholic, with his or her belief about the one Church, the holi ness of sacraments, the preciousness of God's grace, and the true end of life ? The sad truth is, dearly beloved, that the in differcntism, which we have already stigmatised as the mother heresy and pestilence of our day, has reached us, and has been fostered by those peculiar conditions of our colonial society which ?we began by indicating. Every worldly motive is intensified, every spiritual object and respon sibility is bedimmed and attenuated. Mixed marriages are formed by those whose faith is partly suffocated by the unwholesome atmosphere of indifferentism, consciously or unconsciously ; and mixed marriages directly propagate indiffer entism. How could it be otherwise ? Even in those few, those very few cases, in which the engagement to respect and leave at perfect liberty the faith* and practicn of the Catholic party is honestly and honourably kept, where, accordingly to the same engagement, the off spring of the mixed marriage are scrupulously educated as Catholics — what will be the effect on the children of the unhappy situation in which they find themselves % It is scarcely an exagger ation to say that the better, the more dutiful the children, the more likely Mill they be to iahale the poison of indifferentism, and to acb even if they do not expressly think it, as if difference of religion were simply a fashion, a matter of human opinion — as if the Church of Christ and the ways of sects were all paths leading to one end. They are taught there is one faith im planted by our Lord and by the Holy Ghost ; One Church founded by our Lord, and, being animated by the Holy GhoBt, in full operation and detail of worship before the sacred scrip tures of the New Testament were written ; and Vet they see before them every day the two fiuman beings, their parents, those whom they ate bound to love and reverence beyond all — they see them going different ways in this matter of aupreme importance. What Catholic would If he thought truly and justly — what Catholic, ttan or woman, would dare to expose hifl or her Children to such cruel perplexity and danger? We call upon the clergy to place these things Inore frequently before the minds of their people And to do it with the gentleness, and delicacy, ftad firmness of the spirit of Christ their Lord. If they prevail so, they gain, it is not too much to say, they gain souls ; but if unhappily, they fail to dissuade mixed marriages, then they are to take care that the holy, unswerving discipline Of the Catholic Church is observed. The diB pensation is not to be expected except for just and grave reasons ; there must be risk of grave consequences (grave incommodencies), not to be CtherwiBe avoided ; and even when under these Conditions the mixed marriage is permitted, there is to be no solemn benediction. The tounster of the Church is to stand by, almost a passive witness of an act which the Church has Always deprecated and' deplored. ?Hver^age,ha3 l\\* BPecij' dangers and contests Of the Church with the world. We have drawn your attention, dearly beloved, to the two which ' fflost imminently threaten our holy religion here ?'?mixed schools for education and mixed mar. Wages. May God avert such calamities ; and tftatHe will surely do, if ,.we all, dewy and $ ty, do our parta whilst v?e look up to Him for ? i ? . ? . ? ???„'??''.,? ? i ? ?* * . ? ??'?,'' '??? ' ?' **?♦?.? ?'? ??? *??( help. He will save us from all spiritual dangers, but not altogether without ourselves, without co-operation. After the dangers incident to our peculiar position, come the responsibilities that attach to that position. These, also, are in the main, two and they are also such that an unchecked pre valence of indifferentism would deprive of the meaning and force that of right belong to them before the honour and conscience of Christian me;i. ?- They are, our duty towards the aborigi nals of this continent, and our duty towards a Church in the early stages of its growth, as ours now stands. Aboriginals. — We have dispossessed the aboriginals of the soil, at least we have deprived them of that use of it from which they gained a subsistence, even if it be not such a use as can properly be considered to constitute a possession. In natural Justine, then, we are held to com pensation. We are held by all claims of natural piety, and kindness, and justice, to give these poor fellow-creatures such protection, and such instruction as would more than counterbalance those wretched means of human subsistence from which they are driven. But why speak of natural justice and compassion only to you who are Christians and Catholics. We know with the certainty of faith that God has made of one, —all mankind, fecit ex unno omnc genus liominum ; that Christ died for all pro omnibus m'ortuus est Christus ; and, therefore, that these aboriginals, who seem, and who are indeed so low, are still our fellow-creatures, fallen from the same natural and supernatural gifts of origin, heirs of the same redemption and regeneration through Christ. We know, too, with the certainty of faith, that we who have received the gospel of Christ are bound to communicate it to them. ' Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, bap tising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghosfc.' This, then, is what white men should have done, in this light of faHh they should have acted to wards the black men of this continent. The combined influence and means of the incoming nation, since it professed to be a nation of Chris tians, should have been applied to protect, and teach, and make disciples of Christ those poor children of the soil, where they have found new homes and worldly wealth. Alas ! it is shocking to think of what has, in fact, been done. With very little, with short-lived exception, injustice, neglect, crueJty, and, a million times worse, the actual teajhing of vice, have branded the annals of white men. The stain ot blood is upon us — blood has been shed far otherwise than in self defence — blood, in needless and wanton cruelty. It is said, even now, that as Europeans progress northwards, blood is so shed. Shall we not pro test against this ? Bishops and priests, and ministers and disciples of Christ, shall they not protest by word and deed. We do so protest, dearly beloved ; and whilst we do protest, we acknowledge gratefully the solicitude repeatedly expressed by Her Ma jesty's Government that efforts should be made to ameliorate tke condition of the Aborigines — that they should be protected and provided for so far as may be necessary — we acknowledge that this solitude has been accepted by the Colonial authorities ; we bear willing testimony that very many of our fellow colonists have exhibited a truly humane Christian spirit in their relations with them ; others, however, have, in justification of a great crime, striven to believe that these black man are not of our race, are not our fellow creatures. We Catholics know assuredly how false this is ; we know that one soul of theirs is, like one of our own, of more work than the whole material world, that any human soul is of more worth, as it is of greater cost than the whole mere matter of this earth, its sun and its system, or, indeed, of all the glories in the firmament. And this is one of those truths of faith which indifferentism denies, and obscures, we fear, also in the minds of too many Catholics. We are bound to proclaim it and enforce it, as we do most solemnly. By which means the Christian regeneration of the oboriginals may be best attempted we can scarcely yet determine in detail, until Eur&pean; consci ence and humanity are a little more fully awake. The duty is harder than it was, because Euro, pean vice and disease have been aded to the original evil of sarage corruption. In place of bearing with them the exorcism and life of Christian faith and baptism, white men have too often been apostles of Satan, have riveted his. ' chains and confirmed his kingdom. It seems now almost a necessary condition that Chris tian missionaries should isolate themselves and their disciples from all intercourse with white men. We want missionaries equal to the glori ous exiles of those members of the Society of Jesus, who preached aud taught the Gospel of old in the reduction of Paraguay, and, perhaps, this country will never be fully puriiied and ab solved until such men shall have arisen within it. May God Speed the time, if indeed it be in store for us ! Still, some little has been done, enough to show how utterly false is the assertion, that our aboriginals are irreclaimable, are of so low -a type of humanity, that they have absolutely no faculties to receive moral and spiritual truth.. What has been accomplished on our western coast by the Spanish Benedictines proves abun dantly that a little patience, and the persever ance of charity and faith, can prepare their bouIs to receive the grace of Christ. What is wanting is, not capacity in the aboriginals, but apostolic self- devotion in the followers of Christ. The sad truth is, that the neighbourhood of white men, instead of being the proof and illustration of Christianity, is a scandal and an anti-christ. The Fathers of this Council are at this moment powerless ; they have neither men nor means at their command ; but they desire solemnly to lay upon the conscience of all who have property in these colonies the thought that there is blood upon their land, and that human souls, to whom they are in so many ways debtors, in the name of natural justice, and in the name of the Re deemer, are perishing because no man cares for them. It is a thought not for the clergy alone, but for the whole Church, laity and clergy too. No one of us must dare to say with Cain the murderer, ' Am 1 my brother's keeper 2' Necessities of the Church. — Next comes consideration of the responsibility under which Australian Catholics lie to provide for the growth of their Church. The spiritual ne cessities of the Church are very great. Ma terial means for carrying out administrations so extensive as those entrusted to us, must be placed in our hand3. There are here no old foundations to provide annual revenue, and yet; here is a large extraordinary expenditure to which our brethren in the older parts of Christen dom are not subject. The matter is pressing, ; and demands devotedness in all. The salt must' not lose its savour, the light of the world must not be suffered to grow dim. Vos estis sal terras. Vos estis lux mundi. (S. Matt. c. 5). Priests and people have here their commission and re sponsibility, both of them in their several office and order. Both classes are to be a purifying principle of conversation in the world, a source of safety from corruption, both are to be a light shining amidst the darkness of heresy and in fidelity, both are to manifest, that is, holiness and faith. But everything in. its order ; on the clergy rests the awful responsibility of being the leaders and examples of the laity in Christian doctrine, in Christian spirit, in Christian faith. They have for their charge the privilege to be living illustrations of the beatitudes of the whole Sermon on the Mount. If the Christian laity are to be as salt and light amid the world, priests of Christ are to be as salt and light; amid the Christian laity itself ; sources, that is, of purity in mind and life, sources of illumination in holy doctrine and divine science. It is indeed a grand, but a most awful responsibility, one which might well crush us to the ground if we did not know that ' our sufficiency is from God.' — 'Sufficicntia nostra ex Deo est.' The fields are white to the harvest, but the labourers are few, and there is danger lest the ears of corn, thin and blasted by indifferentism, devour the beauty of the ears that are full and fair. Let us pray to the God of the harvest. There is no lack of encouragement, though there is also cause for alarm. The hearts of our dear laity are sound, they will follow and sustain us, if we go before them with apostolic hearts, as well as in apostolic office. We have only tc look round at what a few years have brought forth, to gather thankfulness, and hope. This noble Ca thedral, under the invocation of St. Patrick is yet in progress ; the Metropolitan Cathedral in Sydney, rising in magnificence from its ashes, all the other cathedrals, and schools, and hos pitals of the province, prove that our people are quick and earnest ia answering any call of the faith they love. Our needs arc increasing, but it is because our numbers are multiplying — our holy faith is spieading. Let us now, then once more begin anew, priests and people. ' Benedicite, sacerdotes Domini, Domino; Bcne dicite, servi Domini, Domino ; benediaite sancti et humiles cordc, Domino.' Here are your weapons of offence and defence in the everlast ing war — sanctity and humility ; sanctity and humility in our clergy, sanctity and humility in our people. A great 'Benedicite' will rise to the throne of God our Saviour from this Austra lia, if Catholics betakes themselves to these arms whenever' they are minded to do service to God, arid to be His instruments for extending the knowledge of Divine charity amongst their fellow men. There is scarcely any human wickedness that will not be won or awed by true Christian sanctity, there is scarcely any degree of merely human perversity that will not soften to the gentleness of loving humility. May God pour fourth abundantly these precious gifts of. His Holy Spirit. ' Now to the king of ages, immortal, invisible, the only God, be tumour and glory for ever and ever. Amen. ' May the blessing of tho Most Holy Trinity, Father, Son. and Holy GLiust, remain with you always. \+ JOHN BEDE, O.S.B., Archbishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan of Australia. \+ DANIEL, Bishop of Hobart Town. \+ JAMES AL1PIUS, O.S.A., Bishop of Melbourne. \+ JAMES, Bishop ot Brisbane. \+ MATTHEW, Bishop of Bathurst. \+ JAMES, Bishop of Maitland. \+ LAWRENCEBONAVENTUBE,O.S.F. Bishop of Adelaide. \+ WILLIAM, Biahop of Goulburn. Given in Synod, at St. P.iiricfc's, Eastern Hill, Melbourne, thi3 twenty-?' Mirth day of April ; and ordered ?':?- -?? r .: i ? ??-. all Churches and Chapels of the P ? ? ? ? ??- . r-* Sunday or Sunday after ib shall In. x.ved, in portions, at the prudent jn ,.- .: ' \\\m Pastors; when also the- TeDcum ./ smisj or cited once, in thanksgiving t ??? \ !.\ ?'?'b'.v God. JOHN I. BLKA8KDVLE, D.D. ) e JOHN SMYTH V v . Adelaide. } becs- 