THE RING-. . Slashing Mill between Whiteialias Ohow-rowj andJoe Joseph (better known as Old Pleuro), for £25 aside. j You will .bo glad to hoar, dear 'Bell,'that in these degenerate days, thora aro still some amongst us who have a desire to kcop up the houonr of the P.B. The mill «amé off between tho abovonaincd pugs, on Saturday' last, and is- equal to anything we hare lind for many years. It is now about twenty-five years since Chow , row first mado his debut as a pug., whoa ho -suffered defeat at tho. han ls of. Mioky tho Thief, after a sover^ struggle. Sinco then ho has defeated soveral of our mos; promising aspirants, amongst others tho notable Lar th' Snnppor. These successes induced Chow-row to issue : ohullengo to fight anyono within ono hundred miles o. Bega for £25. Ho had not long to waitfor an opponentif Pleuro Joe accept od tho terms and agreed to fight him in ono month's time. Chow-row immediately went into training under tho skilful management of Harry Stran wigo, aud on tho morning of tho battle som o of our most experienced "ring-gowers" declared that they never saw a mon in bettor buckle. Pleuro was groomed by Bob Russell, who, although but un amateur, shows himself to bo a competent trainer. On Monday evening the final deposit was mada to Mr Lavington, and all tho necessary articles woro arranged to bring tho affair to a successful issue.' At an early hour on Saturday morning a large number of our sporting elite hod assembled at tho mouth of tho rivor, the plaoe nppointod for the contest. Pedes- trians and equestrians wcro.thero, among whom were two of our. temporáneo society. . Preoisly at 8 o'clock tho men and their seconds had arrived at tho scene of action. Harry Stranwigo neting as second for Chow-row, and Pleuro was also attended on by his trainer. Here some difficulty arose owing to the non-appearance of the referee, Dan tho Beardy. Howovor, after some Utile trouble Mr Longton was induced to act. These little arrnge monta occupied nearly an hour, so that tho men did not get to work-until about 0 o'clock. When tho mon pooled Chow-row showed evident signs of decaying strength, his weight too was something less than usual j on the present occasion ho drew 12st '61b, while when he fought the Snapper ho drow 13st net. Old Pleuro weighed on the morning of battle 12st lllb. The betting was rather in favor of Chow-row,' Pleuro being rather an unknown among us, still ono of our podcatriauB, Goo offered a cool Ininrlred on Pleuro. THE FIGHT. Round 1. Chow-row led oil with Ilia left, lending it heavily on Plouro'a grist mill, drawing first blood. Pleuro returned tho compliment by giving Chow-row a slogdolagor on his most prominent- feature (the noso), a souille ensued, both mon fell, Chow-row undor. j \ !i. Ohow-rpw was firatin attitudo, and essayed with Iiis right, but was neatly stopped. Pleuro rattlod in right and left until they closed, whon both men went down, Ohow-row.again under. 3.,Chow-row who is an extremly rapid fighter was first in battle attitudo dashing oil* with his right ho roso a mouso on Plouro's loft oyo, following up ho planted his left heavily in the stomach, which caused Pleuro to vomit thus finishing the round. A: Plouro soon recovered, aqd.camo to the mark a» oool as a cool doughboy. Leading off with his left he suoceodod in planting it on Chow-row's snuff-box. Chow-row rushed in, striking very wildly, but with little effect. Joe dosed with and threw his opponent a heavj back fall. G. Chow-row, although first at the scratch, seemed to bo Bullering considerably from tho fall ho had received in tho previous round. Pluro, on tho contrary, although slow to tinlo, was apparently as fresh as when, ho began. Somo caroful sparring ensued; Joo at length caught Chow-row on tho noso (his favourite mark), Chow-row reeled but did not fall. Pleuro followed him up and threw him heavily. C. From this moment it was 'evident that, bar accident, Pleuro must win ; tho backers of Chow-row began to look rather blue, tho diameter of their mugs being considerably lengthened. Ono sporting gent who had a heavy sum began to swear, a volley of oaths like chain lightning coming out ot Iiis mouth. When the men gol to work, Pleuro dashod at his opponent, hitting right and left; havocking Chow-row into a mesh. Bounds from 7 to 15 was morely a repetition of tho 6th, Ohowrow just standing up to bo knocked down. Until Harry Stranwige seeing that it would bo useless for him to protract tho combat any longor, threw up the sponge. Plouro was therefore declared tho winner. On thé following Monday morning tho parties met at tho Nelson's Ghost, and paid tho stakes over to Plouro, to the satisfac-' lion of all. 