fmnx the BY GEOEFEY CHABTHORN. XIII. TOUCHING NEW DUTIES, WHICH AKE CERTAINLY KOT PLEASUEES. I think it is Douglas Jerrold who makes the father of an M.P. in one of his comedies say tkat if lie could once see liis son reeled out into five columns of the Times he should die happy. I suppose some such feeling must pass through a Treasurer's mind when lie opens Ms Register the morning after his Budget speech. If not, I should like to know why Budget speeches are always so long and dreary. We sadly want a reform in this respect. If I were in Parlia ment I would cheerfully support any Treasurer who would promise to limit his financial statement to forty minutes. If the stamp duties are really carried I would strongly urge that the proposed tax of 10s. for every l.OSO words in a deed should also apply to- Parliamentary speeches in general, with a double rate for the Budget in parti cular. From, a careful calculation I find that if this law had been in force the Treasurer would have incurred a liability the other day of about £16, although he did not think it necessary to dose the House with a ? hash of figures about the Savings Bank deposits, working-men's wages, Bank notes in circula tion, the number of new buildings in the city, the consumption of lollies by the juvenile population, and a variety of similar matters having an equally important bearing on the Ways and Means, as his predeces sors have generally done. Yet even without this solid array of somniferous statistics, the Treasurer's speech last week is quite enough to explain the statement he made a few days before that, " though he did not like to speak of it, he had suffered many nights through these confounded accounts." Of some of these sufferings the following authentic narrative has reached ine from an unimpeachable source, but I fear with the writer that the Treasurer in his laudable zeal to get us out of debt has overestimated the eagerness of the country to submit to new imposts, and in fact has only jumped out of the frying-pan of impecuniosity into the fire of unpopular taxation: THE TEEASOBEB'S NIGHTMARE. f Air-" Unfortunate Miss Bailey.' ] The Treasurer lay in bed one night But vainly sought for slumber; He turned to left, he turned to right. He-tried his flocks to number; He thought upon hiB colleagues queer; He thought upon his chances Of holding office through the year, And settling our finances. Oh, lucklcss Treasurer! Our energetic Treasurer! He had a fright That dismal night,' Which scared the luckless Treasurer, The gaslight just at twelve o'clock Began to bum quite bluely. When troops of figures round did flock With jests and gibes unruly; , <»"' They danced before him on the bed, .4 They scrambled up the valances; T Until the biggest of them said, " Behold the Unpaid Balances! Oh, luckless Treasurer! You can't disown us. Treasurer! Till to redeem Us all you scheme. We'll haunt you, luckless Treasurer.1' "Avaunt, dread figures," then he cried, And used a strong expression; " ?ou needn't swear," the ghost replied, " We'll haunt you through the session. For know our ghosts both great and small. Until we're paid, must wander. Because the cash to clear us all The Parliament did squander. .Oh, luckless Treasurer! With cash so scanty. Treasurer. To find a way Our ghosts to lay No doubt will plague you, Treasurer. Perplexed the Treasurer Uy/whiksklir The throng of figures waxes, . Whensudde^yhe wieB.VWe wOI ?= Impose Bome extra taxes; The Customs duties we'll increase, 7hefoU«wHl pa^themsafly; And so these balances shall cease , To haunt and fret us daily." "T Charm-; \- ;/ Oh, lnckless Treasmetl ' You'll bood discover. Treasurer; Than that disease Tour remedies Are thought far worse o£, Treasurer ! The agitation in the country respecting the Ministerial proposal to levy a uniform tax of twopence an acre for road maintenance stall continues unabated; and I have received so many urgent communications on the subject from viuious neighbours that £ should evidently ill satisfy tile bucolic mind nnl««i» I recorded a decided protest against Hie scheme, although it is almost like kicking a fallen man. I venture, therefore, to lay before my readers a metrical version of the question which has reached me, and which may commend itself to their judg ment save in one remarkable particular. It was gravely asserted by r. Wackford Sqneers that he knew of no Act of Parlia ment to prevent a man's calling his house an island if he liked. This maxim must have impressed itself upon my former corres pondent, I1. Skilly, when he indited the fol lowing ode, otherwise I think he would be puzzled to show how South Australia comes under that designation. If lie is a dhurch man, he may consider that its insular character is proved by the fact that the See of, Adelaide reaches to all its boundaries, but I for one should protest against a-n-otion of that sort, No doubt the colony would appear peninsular to any one half-seas over, and thus perhaps the conclusion my pen 'ints-you'll-ar-rive. at-namely, that to call the colony an island is a poetical licence which would scarcely pass muster unless after a good deal of heavy wet. Be this as it may, my eccentric correspondent can at all events plead the old excuse: " Foregad, must, one swear to the truth of a song?1 TWOPENCE an ACBE. [A new ballad W the tune of *'The Tight little island."! Dedicated without permission to the Commis sioner of Public Works. (BY P. SKILLY.) Oh! did'nt you hear. While taking your beer. The scheme of a certain Lawmaker, To invent a land tax, (Since money he lacks), Gf only just Twopence an Afcre. Chorus-Oh! out's is analiigant island, A sell is this immigrants' island; While butchers and bakers And coach and jam makers, Make laws for this beautiful island. First a member a-straddle Leaps into his saddle Qf the *»"ofits of « T"""1"'""'. "Sixty-thousand." says he, " Must be raised by paor me, So let's make them pay twopence an acre. Chorus-Oh, it's an illigant island; This indigent immigrants' iiland; While East forrens Dan errs With saddlers and tanners In making new laws for tins island. Than fire even hotter. Then up jumps a squatter; Says he, "You're a clever mess-maker; Whate'er we may stand. Don't come taxing our land, We'll have none of your twopence an acre.' Chorus-So miad what you're at in this island; And don't come your twopence on my land; Or hop, skip; and jump, Com3 the land-owners plump To kick up a dust in the island, " And what of poor us, 'Mid your law-making fuss,'' Cry the fanners, "lied-rust and all-taker Make the devil to pay; We can scarce make head-way ' Without any twopence an acre." Chorus-For, oh, it's a musty old island; A scurvy, red-rusty old island; Zf this last straw, good lack, Breaks the poor farmers' back, 'Twill be time to clear out of the island. I pointed out a couple of months ago' "the" strange succession of slights and insults to which the Volunteer Force had been sub jected ; but I had no idea at the time of the discreditable nature of the correspondence connected with the unexplained dismissal of Colonel Biggs. I am glad to see the Register has exposed the hollowness of the pretence upon which that mischievous act was based, and I trust it will be yet further investigated in Parliament. I only allude to it now to point out a remarkable series of coincidences, which I can only account for by the assumption that there is a RiYfth member of Cabinet to whom is entrusted all acts connected with the Volunteer Force, and that this mysterious personage is no other than the redoubtable and irrepressible McBride himself, Thus, Colonel Biggs became obnoxious to that influential personage ; Colonel Biggs is dismissed. The three Sergeant - Majors O'Carroll, Mortimer, and TTingdon-and the Keeper of the Armoury, Mr. Dowaie-all proved their loyalty to Colonel Biggs. They are all dispensed with; while the only official retained on the Staff, oddly enough, gave evidence strongly in favour of McBride and against every one else. The officers of the force memorialized the Chief Secretary to enquire into the great Sergeant-Major's conduct. They have since been systema tically snubbed and insulted on . every possible occasion. Lieut.-Colonel Mathews and Captain Claxton were in the thick of the original melee. The former has been disrated to a captaincy, and the latter shelved. And now finally, Captain Quin, who was so unfortunate as to fall out on parade with the influential Instructor, is to be removed from his post of Harbour-Master unless the House protests against His de privation. Captain Hart says that, when the Volunteer Committee was sitting, one of the Cabinet, who apparently held up his hand to vote in oppo sition to his chief, instantly covered his insuberdination, and effected a masterly retreat by vigorously scratching his head. Of course, his raising liis hand for the pur pose of allaying cutaneous irritation at the moment a vote was being taken was an acci dental coincidence, and I am quite prepared to admit that the coincidences I have rehearsed above (and especially tlie last named Quin-cidence) are quite as accidental and have as little significance. Time, no doubt, mil show. 