ORIIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. MISTAKEN IDENTITY, TO TIIIE ?LIT'00 OF TIIE KIAIAMA INDEI'ENDENIT. StI,--Tho, would-ho " Ghost of ilMacadamu," bwhoso letter appearod in your issueo of the 0th, ias either mistaken hits idlntity, or is arhamelcd.f it, lHappily the "Spirit of Mao. adautnf till breathlo througih his works, and they testify that well bholated sand is the host possible bottom to receive metal--that it noitllrr expands witll wot 'nor contraots with drought-nd, boling sufficiently porous, with. .oit ally ellomionl allinity for water, it allows thorough drainage through it-that in conea. .qolntoof those proporties the after ropairs, as compared with those on it roond lso thoroughly hillOtloa on clay or vogotable mould, is only onc-fourth, as the olay or mould swells with wtot, aid with chemical altinity rotnins it, it also contracts with drought, in both cases breaking tp oud loosening the inotal sturfaoo, Whore tlo otponso was not too groat, Maoadamt al. nys' itlld a deep layor of antld under Ilis bllast; and fromo the time of thoe RIto ns to thie prosont, overy pavur has used it under iause?liays and pavements with the samo oh. No Ico n, 1 &oro; JOHN TAYLOII, TO THE EDITOR OF THE KIAMA INDEPENDENT. SIR,—Allow me to call your attention to an error in your issue of April 22nd, in your re port of the meeting held at Shellharbor for to purpose of amalgamating the two boats, viz., the Dairymaid, belonging to the Co- operative Company, and the Peterborough Lass, the property of Mr. Baxter, into one com- pany. You state (nor do I deny it was said at the meeting), the idea of amalgamating first originated with Mr. Baxter. 'I'his, Mr. Editor is not the true fact of the case. The idea of joining the two boats under one com- pany first originated with myself alone. The subject had occupied my attention for the last twelve months, and, after due consideration and weighing it carefully over in my mind, I came to the conclusion that the greatest bene- fits would arise from such an arrangement. Your report also gives Mr. Baxter the credit of being the framer of the proposition, duly attested by his signature to the same. But again this is wrong, for I am the author of these also, with the exception of the sixth, which, I say, never was submitted to the meeting for consideration in its present form. My object in writing is to show the public the true facts of the case, and also to take upon myself the whole responsibility of being the concoctor of the project, at the same time being quite satisfied to take whatever dis- credit on the one hand, or credit on the other, there may be attached to the scheme; and although the same has met with that kind of opposition which arises from animosity and party feeling so remarkable in the Co-opera- tive Company, of Shellharbor, still, at the same time, I hope to see the day when Shell- harbor will have Co-operation on a more ex- tended scale, and be blessed with the benefits of almost daily transit. By inserting the above, you will oblige, yours, &c.;, S WILLIAM FRYER Buckland Fields, Albion Park, May 18. TO THE EDTI'TOR OF TIO OIAIA INUEI'LND'50T. Sel,-I fully concrred inl tih resnlrks made in your last issue under thie head of " Prtos. tant Publications," to thie effect that it was desirable that an able and well- conducted ex. ponent of Protestant opinion should exist in the colony, and should be heartily supported by such as have any Appreciation of the mis. chiefs of Popery and saeurdotalism. I have since looked at thie first number or two of the Standard: and although it contains proofs of considerable ability on the part of the writers, I am afraid they do not possess the tact fior conducting it in soch a way as to e geneorally nocCptable to intelligent and oenlightened Pro. testants, whoseo desire would be, I think, to expoee and oppose with plainness and courage all that is socially and politically misnhievous it the papal system : to a guo cahlty sand mino derately, if at all, ol the peculiar doctrines of tbe lRoman Church : but by no means to raise ill blood among Protestants themselves on points utterly unimtportant as compared with the general dilleroences between Popery and Protestantism, and least of all on more matters of taste, such as church decoration, &e.; It ap. oears to mo, that even ableo Ino may continuo to brood over the corruptions of Romel and the protensions of its priesthood till, till they ro. gard every detail with a sort of morbid exag geration, and are absorbed, as it were, in their iwn hostility, or Ibecome a sort of incarnation of tile spirit of theological controversy. They dto not consider that " whatever is different in toligion is opposite;" anod that if the most were made ofall sucl differences, people would be etornally occupied in tlhe discussion of sub. Jects on which, of all others, there is the least prospect of unanimity. No effort can be on tirely misplaced, the object of which is to guard at any point against the over active and insidious aggressiveness of the Roman Church. But, as like prioducealike, bitterness and railcry ois one side of a controversy can only tend to eagender or aggravate similar Symptoms on the other side. I had holaisd that tito Standard, in the absones of the writer whose nom de plume was attached to some of tihe most offensive contributions in the old ,anser, would have been distinguished by a tone of charity, liborality, and moderation on the part of tie gentlamen furnising its articles, I haveo ot lhad the gratification of find it so. Theri is, in miy opinion, in the tiew Standard no smnall smeasure of the coars-e iness, narrow.mindadness, and even malignity which dlstinguished its predecessor, and which (pilacing thie difference of creeds out of the question) leaves far too little to choose bo twoun it and the Freeman's J'ournal. I observe that the latter is its issue of the 16th inst. fills two of its columns with a very savage attack oil the Standard, which, however, on acoount of its "overflowing gall" and its "low and underbrad malignancy," it professes to conl. eider by no moans dangerous, Fas cal et ab haste doceri. There Is somen reason in whlat the Freeman says on this point, though lie at ttshe same time presents us with all edifying in stance of the pot reproachling the keottle for its blackneoss. Thinlo of such an old sinner as tie I'reemane-such in ostentatious and habitunl propagator of sedition, rancour, bigotry, and slander, accusing this " mnshroom journal of a day's growth" of "pandering to the lower passions of our common nlature" (by the way, can "Catholics" really con. descend to acknsowledge the same "commoa nature" with heretics?), openly stakingi the very existence of hia literary specu. latioan (what does ill this mea n?), on his ox pectation of arolusing religions party.fooling, anid generating disgust between tans and hma,," &e.; . Immediately after giving us this flno specimen of the use of words, lie tells sis that tie Standard is "filled with miserable lEnglish and worse Latin." Elsewhero we have the following pissange; "T'le 'Protastant cause musnt he at ia low ebb indeedt, when such se!lnlistn as thisi' dares wield a peno ald his eslit.tsa of publi dlisceln. minot equally mleatn wh sl our writer fancies that the nervous and too:niUg mind ofl odorn tislses is to be caught by either tihe eltltap s of these plaintive appeals, or by the thread. bare plagarisms of a third rate religionist," And again " What can tlhey have perpetrated to call furth tlhe raeooor of this buzzing flesthfly who eellls uInable for the life of him to leave any plnce sound, but lie Islt taint and putrify its healthiness with Ills filthy blow." This last sample remands one pretty strongly of his (supposed) co-religionist, your local contemporary. The Frereman openly treats the Staldard as a ProPbytorian publication; and lie is probably right in doing so. But if the S standard is l'resbyterian, this only makles hiIs censorisoseness and bad taste the more glaring when he indiulgs, as he does in hisI third number, in remarks of a bitterly puri tauical and nhelaritable clharactor regarding the internal arrangaements of Anglicn ohurches. It seems to meo that the conductors of tie SStandard have still in a groat measusre to learn tholi proper sphere of usefilness, and the prol'per issod of occupyilng it. VWhilo I thilnl they might do good servieo by ally well considered remarks oil Romanist doctrines, I ams of opinion that the most prominent grounds of objection to the Roman Church in whiech other people are eaocorned, are, theologically, the insolent pretension that out of the Romann Church nonie can be saved, and, politically, the clnim of the lolmanll Court to domineer over all the Governoients of Christendom. It may he worth while to add (from the Freeman) tIhe following smusing estimate of the diioferonee betwoenl all Anglican and a Roman synod: "But cone now I if the Protestant hold his synod, why should'nt the Oatholicl? To be sure the fornmor's is more child's play, and its fussy enanotments so mIany 'bruta fulininn,' whleras the latter's Sessio is no gatllering of urudo literates and advocates at seconds hand, but a convention of menoof oenlarged exporlonce, and of conslderable attainiments. A Protostant Synod Is little less than an ex. posure of the inoroasling weakness. and dis. organizationl of thue Estahblshment (Wlhat Is Establishment ?j, wlereas a Oatholio Synod gives no deooetful sound, but sure and externally convincing ovidenoe, of present strength nnd of inturo promise, If the tormor wgeos covert battle with Its chief, and is foled as artistically with Its own woan. aons, the latter has also a contest goilg on; nut the contest is onn of mutual reopoot and interohallgo of afifeation." I am, &c;,? A PROTESTANT. 