OOUNTRY INTBbLIGENCE. RIVER LEVEN. (From our own Correspondent.) Dec. 2Oth, 1868. The annual races took place,yesterday instead 'of,iloxing Day. It is almost needless to say the' weather was Sloe as that Is the, character of this season.: Several horses were entered for the first 'event, but the winner was one belonging to O'Neil the mailmaan, ridden by young Counsel.: The hack raco'wes won 'by Mr. Counsel's own horse. Many peraons weropresent to witness the sports, _ye,,ao disorder prevailed that I eam aware of. Four,, booths were erected to dispense refresh mentt in the, shape of liquid, and solids if ro qaired. Last Saturday, Boxing Day, a'tea meetho'g was held at Norfolk Creek' in connection' with the Primitive Methodists. [This.was noticed in our last issue.] A tea meating'was also held lant week a4 Kin. drled' Plins in connection "with the Wesleyan eoernainiity.' A very respectable gathering took paice considering the size of 'the chapel and -the eparseness of population in the Iminiediate neigh. bouoehood. I believe some ten pounds were taken. On the night of Christmas Day, some ruffion or raffians destroyed two horses belonging to a man named Brooke, by stabbing thema with' some sharp instrument till death ensued. Brooke, who tIa tenant of Mr. Clarke's, at the Leven, had the horses put into a paddock near hise hose on Christmas night, and getting up on the following morning found the animals in the state, above described. Hb had another horse, a more valuable one than either of the others, which eseaped, and no doubt this was owing to its, having separate quarters. ' That it was an act of malice we may reasonably conclude, thoagh Brooke is unable to fix suspicion on any one. It le' to be hoped that whoever perpetrated this actof barbarity will be speedily brought to justice. An inquest wea held lost week at the Forth on the body of a man who had died very auddenly on the form of Air, Wedge. A rumour had got afloat before the Inquest was held, that the man was at out to be busied alive, as it was affirmed that the body atlit retained Its warmth atter it was laid out. Time evidence of the medicnt mon, Doctor italth wItel, effetually dispersed all doubt on the subject, as he deposed that death resulted trout disease of the heart, and ;must have been lustatanecoun, A eonqert wAS to be hlaId lest night' In laMr' Fogg'e store, though with what success I have not heerd, Bush fires are raging in all " directions occasion. lIg in adone ases conslderable apprehenalon. The coniort I referred to lI my last that was to take place on Monday night at Mr. Fcgg'a store duty occurred, and was a pretty successlfu affair, there being sums 200 persons present. It won givene in behalf of the Shobol Bilding fend whllh is a cauas that enlists general sympathy. The performers on this occasion were oil amtateurs, ybt some of them can lay claim to con* siderable talent. Believing the subject may be of, eanillioent Interest to the public I forward a programme of the performances i-Pera I. Piano. forte' Duet, The Aladdin Quedrilles, Misses Frith and MIClusky 1 song, The Moon behind the Hills, Mr. Ilogben t piano, flute, and violin, Engaind Quadrille, Miis M'Oluaky, Mr. Tacker, and Mr. M'Call I song, On board thei Kangaroo (in oblarector), Mr. E. atlker iapiano, flate, and violin, Maid of the Ysiioy. waliz, Miss Frith, Mr. Tucker, andA Mr. M'Oil ;; song, Just before the Battle, rr. Fogg lsong. Dublin BAy, Mr. Tucker ; asong, "'he German Band, (In character), Mr. lI'Call t recitation, Pat M'Gulre, (in character), Mr. Wilson. Part II. The Court.Minstrols. Overture, Fanny Frail, the company; opening chores, China's Wedding, the company ssnag, A little aoore Cider, Masse Sambo I song, Masaste in the cold ground, Massa Squath isong, I'm nil to Georgo Town, Massa Jingles; song, rake me to London, Mnasn'sJohnson t song, Old Kentucky home, Masea Banjo;ssongs, Such a cetting ap stairs, Mases Bonen s - song, Have yes en the;Ghost, AlsessaTatboes; song, Ladirs, yeon'e you. marry, Massa .Sambot . song, The fall ot-Bah los, Masai Jo0son0. Sambo, Mr. E. IWalker jonen, Mr. eodbhos Squash, Mr. Wileoni Jinge;'Isr. J. Walker; Maesa Johnson, Mr.'urcor1 Banjo, Mr. Fogg; Tambour, Mr M'Cali The weather continues very hot and dry, making food for cattle scarce.- The caterpillars are troublesome in the absence of rain, and a good deol of wheat is falling a victim to their at: tacks. 