For many a long year tha country has been crying1 out for a strong, vigorous, and effective opposition. That cry is now likely to be fully satisfied. The present Ministry may return to the House, as its foos predict, with only half of their number retaining the seats they held, or, as their friends fear, with the loss only of two or three of the members. Whatever may be the re sult of the impending elections, it is cer tain that the Macphehson Administra tion will have to face a strong array of hostile forces. The opposition given in the various electoral districts must be taken as a criterion of the opposition that will be given in the House. If this opposition is based on parlia mentary- grounds, Mr. Macpheiton will have no right to complain. Both the personnel and the policy of the new Ministry are fair objects ot attack. Should the adherents of tile M'Cullooh party take exception to the abilities of any or all of the men now in tbe Cabinet, it is perfectly legitimate for them so to do ; and if satisfied of the unfitness of tbe present Cabinet members to manage tbe affairs of tbe country, they would be justified in giving to thorn an un compromising hostility. In spite of the cry of persecution whioh lias been raised in some quarters, no member will surrender liis right to criticise the capacity of the Macpherson Ministry. Members freely applied their measuring rod to the individuals forming the past Adminis tration, and tliey will do so to the present. Mr. Macpherson's qualifi cations for the office of Chief Secretary will be as keenly canvassed in tbe House as was Mr. Sulliv»n's for the office of Minister of Mines. Mr. Byrne's fitness for Treasurer will be analysed as keenly as was that of Mr. G. P. S uith for the office of Attorney- General. Now that Mr. M'Khan and Mr. J. T. Smith have begun charging the previous occupants of their offices with corruption, and threaten to make disclosures of the secrets of official doings, we have no doubt that they will be challenged to do their utmost in this line, and will subject themselves to the closest scrutiny.- Their personal merits and their official doings are sure to be- subjected to the most severe investign- i tion, now that they have assumed the rSje_ of accusers of their predecessors. Had. tho M'Cullocii Ministry been turned ?'it of office by a number of men superior to them in personal ability, the objection to the present Ministry on the -ground of personnel would have been untenable. As it is, all the Opposition will be fairly entitled to take their stand and se-y, "We do not think that Mr. MAC?££IY'j??.'8 adrrtiais- tration is equal to the exigencies of the gitijation, and therefore we will do our utmost to displace them for better men. Oh tue question of poljoy, it is as yet very difficult for tlioj Opposition to ,say liuch. The Ministry have no po licy. The taunt of Disraeli to his political opponents that they had stolen the measures of his party may well be levelled at Mr. Macphbrson's administration. Confessedly, they have stolen their predecessors' measures, and have promised to pass them. We can not see, though, how they can do this. For while, on tho one hand, saying this, the Ministry plead that certain questions are to be open questions, when charged with having hindered useful legislation, they answer, "Oh but we are going to carry out all the measures of our prede cessors." When, on. the other hand, asked how Mr Macpherson and Mr Longmore are to agree on the Land Bill, or Mr Rebves and Mr M'Kean on the education question, or Mr John Thomas Smith and Mr Long- more on the State-aid question, why then we are met with the statement that all these questions are open ques tions, and each Minister will vote as he thinks fit. If the latter assertion be the true one, what becomes of the former one respecting the pushing for ward of the measures introduced by the late Ministerial party ? No better fortune for the Macpher son Administration could happen than that it should collapse at an early period, and never be called upon to enter on the difficult task of framing a policy. The elements are so heterogeneous that cohesion is impossible. Differences of sentiment so strongly exist that it will be impossible to produce any pro gramme of legislative proceedings without some ot the members accom plishing the remarkable feat of turning their backs upon themselves. The best friends of the present administration are making up tueir minds, now events are shnping themselves, that the present Ministeria reign is but an interregnum and that the sooner this period is over and the work of tho country again progressive under a strong Ministry, tho better for all par ties. Some twelve or thirteen years ago it was proposed to erect a statue to com memorate tbo name and the deeds of John Pascoe Fawknbh, and the sum of LC0 was actually collected towards that purpose. The project, however, fell thiough, for a reason which seems almost obvious, but the sixty pounds are still to be had for tho end for which they were given. The sum, it is true, is not large, but it is handsome enough as a beginning ; and, as it is probable that at no distant date the matter will be seriously taken in hand, it may be well beforo anything is done to consider what it is that wo ought to do. A great deal has been talked and written of late about brave, honest old Fawic- . ner. Some have gone so far as to propose a monumontlike (hat of Fred erick II,, or tho Luther memorial at Worms, as a memento of his great ness ; and it has been seriously sug gested to build a Walhalla, or a Pantheon, for the deification of himself and other early settlers on these shores. We believe, however, that as timo rolls on, and people look back calmly through its sober light at the useful and honoured career which has just come to a close amongst us, they will be struck, as we and others are at present, with tbe in congruity of, pillars and statues as records thereof. Wo believe, more over, that the simple heart of the good old founder himself would revolt against such suggestions if he appeared once more amongst us, and that his statue in marble or bronze would be as likely to excite his indignation ns his effigy in wax is said at one time to have done. In the July number of Once a Weeh, whioh has just arrived by tbe mail, the writer of the "Table Talk" objects on the same score of incongruity to a statue being erected to the memory of Farad ay. If the ghost of the philo sopher, he asserts, could he induced by the spiritualists to rap an answer to the question, Would you like -to be publicly monumentea? it would be, " Preserve me from perpetuation in a style meet only for tbe vulgar mind. If you would honour my me mory, place my name over a free school of scientific researoli, or set up my effigy in a laboratory into which all and only those will enter who will push steadfastly along untrodden paths of investigation without mercenary hopes or thoughts of monumental glory." Fawkner, we imagine, if Mr. Naylor or that mysterious lady at St. Hilda could get into communication with him, would return a reply not very dissimilar. His history, strange as it was, is not one of these whioh suggests, tho happiest subject for the sculptor's art, and we have no doubt but a build ing intended for the improvement of the rising generation, in whose hands the destiny of this colony which ho founded will some day be placed, or for the succour of. those unhappy colonists who have fallen in the path which ho was the first to tread, would be more in harmony with his sympathies and his life than the noblest work that a Phidias or a Canova ever produced. Considering the strain at present on the Benevolent Asylum and on the Immigrants' Home, perhaps nothing better could be done than to associate permanently tbe name' of tbe father of this city with increased means of usefulness conferred on one or other of these institutions. We throw out the hint, and hope it will not be lost sight of when this matter assumes a more definite shape. The Rain. — From the weather report it appears that the long iookefi-for rain bids fair to come down From nearly all the telegraphic stations iu tho north wo havo the cheerine pairs either that rain has fallen or threatens. At Svan Hill it has been raining since 5 a.m. At Easton thero is light rain. At Balranald showers are falling. At Hay it is raining slightly. At other stations it is stated that appearanco of rain is manifest. From all tho telegrams received it appuars that the rain, is making its way from the north. As wo write the weather seems te hare broken, and the refreshing rain is falling in heavy showers. Some of ouF rvesther prophets h-— mat Cciub:!f a month. It is to be hoped that thoir predictions will be realised, for if tho rain does not como down plentifully soon, the effect of the drought will be most calamitiocs. The following tenders wero accepted to-day by the Board of Land and Works : — Sundry works Victoria BarrackB, Melbourne, Carr and Danoan, £3G4 10s; do, Cusfom-honse, Belfast, Sohtbcombe and Ireland, £99; do, at jotly St. Leonard's, Baxter and Ribortson, £731 5s 6d; repairs at Astronomir'a quarters, R. Abrams, £345. Mr M'Kean announced with respect to the tenders which had been called for to supply 400 tons of water-piping for the Sewers and Water Department, that it would bo necessary to divide the contract, and to have fresh tenders called for. Finn in Fitzroy. — At 2 o'clock yesterday morning the roef of a house in Brunswick street, Filzroy, occupied by Mr W. S. Kimp- tan, baker, was discovered to bo on fire. The alarm was given, and the Fitzroy Fire Brigade were promptly on the spot, and subdued tha flames before they had done much damage. Mr Kimpton injared his hand while breaking a window to allow Ihe water being played through it Some dofect in the flue of tho hakehouso farnaoe is said to have been the caus9 of the fire. Railway Wonitsnora.— .Tile board appointed to inquire into the management of tho railway workshops met yesterday. The report was not ready, and an adjournment until Tuesday noxt was made, when it is expocted that the labors of the board will be brought to a conclusion. Seuve Her Rioiit. — In the District Court this morning, a proouross, named Archibald, summoned ono of her nnforlunato victims named Annie Tamer for non-payment of five weeks' board and lodging, at tho rate of £1 per woek. Tho defondaut pleaded never in debted, and after hearing tho caso, the court gave her a verdict. This seemed to incense tho plaintiff considerably, and as she was leaving the court, and while yet within its precincts, site turned savagely on the defend ant and struck her severely on the face. She was quickly arrested and brought before the bench, who to mark their sense ol her conduct sent her to gaol for fourteen days. Banquet. — About ono hundred gentlemen were present at the banquet given luBt evenicg to General Latham, late United States' Consul for Victoria. The banquet was hold at Cohn's Hotel, Sandridgc. Captain Lawrence oconpicd the ohair, and Mr R. H. White the vice-cbair. General Latham's health was drnuk with enthusiasm, and he responded in a humorous speech, saying thnt his Yankee deli cacy prevented him saying mnch about himself. His countrymen thought the United States the greatest country in tho world, Great Britain the next, and Victoria to bo tho greatest colony of the next best conntry in the world. General Latham stated that the two years he had been in the eoleny had been the happiest portion of his existenoe, and tendorod his thanks forthq manner in whioh ho had boen roce(v; ral I other toasts, including ;hq mercantile, marine, | array, navy, and volunteers, Mayor and Coun cillors of Sandridge, the prosperity of the colony, tho prese, tho United Slates Consul, the Consuls, and tho ladies, were drank with tho usual honors. An Extraordinary Accident happened to a child yesterday afternoon. A little girl who had been left on the post-office steps while her father had gone to inquiro for letters, amnsed herself in infantile fashion by suoking tho handlo of her parasol. Sho fell off the steps, and the crooked handle was foroed down her throat below tho tonsils, nnd she wns unable to extricate it. She qnickly beaamo black in tho face and Beemed iu groat danger, when a gentleman passing called n oab, and taking the child in his arms proceeded to the hoapital. On tho way thither tbo ohild held tho parasol steady. Ar rived at tho hospital, Dr Maloney attended to the ease. Ho inserted his fingers in the threat on each side of the handlo, and by a judicious twiBt managed to extricate the indi gestible bonne bouehc. New Rush near Inolewood. — Onr Ingle- wood contemporary informs us that a small rush has taken place to tho flat about half-way between Pullook and Ellis' fence aud the Bnla- bal Creek, in consequence of the discovery last week by somo splitters employed in tho locality, of a nngget on the surface weighing 3az 12.1\vt. Abont 100 persons wore on tho ground on Mon day, and several holes ore bottomed shallow, but nothing of any importance has been found yet. The 'journeymen bakers of Geolong have almost unanimously agreed to adopt the pro gramme issued by their Melbourne fellow tradesmen with respeot to the eight hours' movement, and intend holding another meeting on Saturday evening next for the purpose of arranging details. Banquet to General Latham. — At a pre liminary meeting held in tho Mayor's room at the Town Hall yoBtorday, it wns deoided that a publio banquet, under tho presidouoy of the Mayer, should bo given to Gonoral Lntham prior to his doparture from the colony. It was also resolved that tho principal citizens Bhonld be invited to aot on tho committee. In a supplement to tho Perth Inquirer issued at noon on the 8th September, the safe arrival in Western Australia of the family and suite of his Exceliouoy Governor Weld by tho brigantine Alexandra is announced. The SLATEns. — A meeting of jonrneymen slaters waa held at tho Qaeen's Head hotel, Swaneton street, last evening, to consider the question of wages. It was resolved thnt on and after tho 4th of October tho rates oi wages should bo 12s per day, with travelling expenses, and 5s 6d tho squaro for piecework. Those present pledged themselves to insist npon the proposed terms, and the meeting nijournoel until 12th October, after appointing Mr D. Robinson secretary, and Mr Georgo LindBay treasurer. Painteus. — A meeting of tho master painters was hold at tho Rainbow hotel, last evening, to consider tho means to bo adopted to socuro the repeal of tho regulations which prohibited them from following their calling within tho city between tho hours of 9 o'clock in tho morning and 5 o'clock in tho evening. As a call of the City Connoil had been mado for Monday, to consider tho advisability of l-cpeal- ing_ tho regulation, it was decided to await thoir deciaion, and tho meeting was adjourned until Tuesday. A larce mob of horses passed through Am herst on Friday last, on their way from Queens land to Warrnambool. The size of the mob and tho distance they had travelled excited considerable interest in the town and neigh- bourhcol, says a local journal. A large flock of sheep from the far north, beyond Menindio, passed through Talbot last week on their way to tho Ballatat market, having been five u o iths on tho way down. _ At Sandhurst Bishop Perry held a confirma tion service nt St. Paul's Church on Sunday afternoon. F our Chinese converts wero incltidod in the number of candidates who presented themselves. On Thursday his Lordship is to lay tho foundation stone of the tower, which is to be erected at All Saints' Chnrch. The origin of tho recent fire nt Mr BIyth's mill, Nowaiead, remains undiscovered, -bat it is stated it may hava been caused by the Motion of same of the pulleyB used in tho machinery ol the mill. At the Land Commission which sat yester day at tho Conrt-honse, Lydinrd street, Bal- larat, nearly 1500 acres of land wero applied for, says tho Star. The conrt during tho day was crowded with applicants, nnd the hearing of the several disputes and applications was bv no moans an easy or an enviable job. Mr Lewis, of tho Crown Lands Department, who presided, proved himself fully equal to tho oc casion, however, and in most esses where applicants wero disputing bitterly, Mr Lewis managed to briDg them round to some amicable arrangement. Some of tho disputes wero most auiUBing, for where arguments failed, and there was no proof to be had, tho contending patticB would meet one another with a sort of sup pressed abuse, in which they raked up tbo most straBgo pieces of scandal. About one-fourth of tho applicationa remained unheard, whon tho commission adjourned until either Friday or Saturday week. The interesting ceremony of confirming 300 young persons yeBterday attracted a large con gregation to the Castlemaino Roman Catholic Church. At 11 o'clock a.m. pontifical high mass was solomnly offered, his l'rdship Bishop Goold celebrant, assisted by the Rev. Father Moore and tho Rot. Father M'Namara, the former acting as maBter of ceremonies. Tha full choir was called into requisition, and Haydn's First Mass fitffig, with the " Agnus Dei" and "Dona Nobis" from Weber's Mas3 in G. At tho conclusion of the service, after a short rest at tho presbytery, Bishop Goold returned to Melbourne by the I p.m. traiD, accompanied to tho station by tho Rev. Dean Fitzpatrick (who had also assisted in tho ser- vioe of the day), tho Rev. P. Moore, and the Rev. M'Namara. A Brutal Husband. — A disgraceful caso of assault came under the notice of the police at Ballarat yesterday. It appears, eays the Star, that a woman named Swanson was confined Borne weeks ago, and was lying in bed in a weak state on tho 25th instant, when her hus band cruelly ill-treated her, dragging her out of bed, and administering a number of kicks and cuffs. Being unable to get assistance herself, she managed to send her little girl to the police camp on Tuesday, when Serjeant Larncr sent a constable, and had the husband arrostod. Last night tho woman was in a very precarious state from the ill-usage bIio had re ceived at tho hands of her brutal husband, and a conslablo was instructed to visit her at a late hour iu case it should be necesiary to call a police magistrate to take her dying de positions. Anglers will he glad to learn, says the Qcelong Advertiser, that the sandbar that haB BQ long ohokad tha month of Bream Creek haB been gradually clearing away, and they may look forward to a most successful season. This clearing away is partly attributed to the drain age of Lake Modewarre, whioh has caused tho stream to run at seasona when in other years it had been almost stagnant. Some good bream fishiDg, as far as quantity is concerned, has lately been obtained at Spring aud Swampy creeks. The fish, however, are soft and flabby, in fact out of season. TnE Lcarmonth correspondent of the Star writes : — " Notwithstanding the unusually dry season, the crops in this district have seldom looked bolter, especially wheat. Moderate and occasional showers, which may ho expected, would tend much to tho improvement of tho crops and assist in bringing them to maturity. On tho whole the1 prospects of tho harvest, which danbtless will bo early, aro oncourog- ing." The Assistant Commissioner of Lands has written a letter to tho Ballarat Western Borough Conncil, stating that tbe Board of Land and Works haB no power to exempt any person carrying on bnsiness on Crown lands from taking ont a bnBinesB license for that purpose. This letter was read at tho meeting of the conncil yesterday, and called forth a remark from Councillor Doane, to tho effect that this statement was not at all consistent with tho action of the Government daring tho last ten years. At Amherst, last week, tho well-rememhorod sound of a chirping cock-sparrow was heard in some treeB fronting a. private residence. Wo learn (hat j'pa Stranger soon attracted an Effitiiinl oi attention that must havo beon flat tering, but ho did not stay long to gratify tho spectators, for ha appeared alono, and probably departed to seek a mate. This is said to be the first Bpnrrovr that has roluntariiy visited the district, although they have prouogated frcclv at CIunEB. The work of laying tho water pipes in Geo- Iong proceeded satisfactorily yesterday. On Monday many of the men could bo seen doing " the Government stroke" in the most approved manner. Yesterday, however, it was noticeable that most of these men had been weeded out, and to prevent all dodging wo ( Advertiser ) heard Hint each man had his work marked out for him. It was currently rumored in Chiltern on Snnday, says our Geelong contemporary, that the Bailarat and Chiltern Company (lato Indigo Grand Junction) had dropped on somo rich ground. We learn that at Cabbuge-troe Flat, near Crcswick, on 28th September, a girl, aged about fifteen jcotb, named Mary Meancy, was severely scalded abont the head, neok, and face, through letting a Banoepan filled with boiling water fall out of her hands on tho floor. An untrue report waa circulated at Sand hurst ycaterday to tho effect that the unfortn- nato girl Margaret Clifford, who was acci dentally burnt on Monday lost, was dead. On inquiry at tho hospital last night, says the Bendigo Advertiser, we found this not to ho tbo cose, but that the patient continues in what may be termed a hopeless state. A LETTEn from Anjer Point, dated 25th Jupo, states that Captain Robinson, of the British ship Mary Moore, reports that tho mate jumped overboard in the English Channel, and wns drowned, and thnt on the 10th April in 77 leg. N., 24-52tleg. W., Mr Wood, then cap tain of the ship, jumped overboard, and was drowned. DronkenncsB is alleged as the origin of both suicides. We regret to learn that the El Dorado strike still continues, writeB the Oocns Spectator. Both parties havo been iu tho wrong, the Bal larat directors as to the maximum rate of wages, aud the miners in asking that there should be ono uniform rate of wageB for all kinds of work. A rnmonr has been spread that tho miners on strike have consented to return to work on the Ballarat terms, bat we cannot find this confirmed. An inquest was hold at tho Ballarat Hospital yesterday, upon tho body of Nathan R. Watson, who diod on the 27th from injuries receivod at the olaim of the Nightingale Company. Tbo verdict was to tho effect that dcalh resulted from fractnro of tho spine, caasod by a heap of dirt falling accidentally npon the deceased man. tne lad George Denis Lingham, who was admitted to tho Bailarat Hospital a few weeks ago suffering from a frnctared thigh, wsb taken ill with diphtheria whilst in tho instila- tntion, and died yesterday. The case of the Universal Marine Insuranco Company v. Wright is now ocoupying the attention of the Saprome Conrt at Adelaide, Eays the Advertiser of Friday lasf, and thero appears not the slightest possibility of the case being concluded for at least a week to come. Thero aro several hundred letters to bo read, and tho perusal of a dozen occupied three hours. In addition to tho lottere, about a cart load of accounts have lo bo gone Ihrongh. Some idea of the work to be done may be had froip q remark of Mr Tiirnpp, who stated that they had to commence at tl.o year one and gradually como downwards. Bo fore midday his Honor said his mind was chock full, and, considering tho jury from his own stand-point, ho was of opinion they were in muoh tho same condition. He believed tho information which was gathered one. day would be lost tho next ; and if a Sunday intervened, the who'.o would become a pcrfoct maze. To retain so muoh documentary evidence required miraculous intellectual powers, and for himself he utterly despaired of doing so. 