POi/YNBSI AN LABOR. Thi? lwportonco of this subjeot is evinpod 07 the attention, not always vory fait' or intelli gent, which it receives from the Press of this rtnlrmv nml flinl: nf Wow Kniit.li Wn an Tl.n. gardmg it simply as a domostic question, wo 'Plight tako umDrago at the persistent hostility of the Sydney Morning Ilorald , which having maundered 011 tho old stock subject of slavery until it has been worn thread-bare, discovered another , argument against the traffic, drawn from the fact that Sydney has large trading interests with the Islands, and that the whole sale removal of their customers, tho Islanders, ' is something like an act of aggression against New South Wales. Wo may romark, en pas sant, that our neighbors, in tho prosecution of this traffic, havo done but littlo towards the: civilisation of these Islauders, and that tho old South Sea traders must be mightily ns- tonishod to find the Herald on their side, and pushing them forward as yalnablo allios ; but , adversity;. mahoB strauge .bedfellows. It is, however, . to the proceedings of some of our own fellow-colonists in Brisbane that we do- sire to direct attention, and in doing so, we ' thiiilf ourselvesentit-led to regard the question of Polynesian Labor as an experiment, which may, or may not produce itpportuqt results to the pqldny. hqt which being populated bylaw, ought while, undergoing the testing process, to receive fair -play on all hands, and be left to Btapd on its own merits. Instead of this course being adopted, there has sprung up qmongst UB all kiuds of pseudo philanthropists, or rather busy-bodies, who not content witli holding- n hostile opinion to tho introduction of this kind of labor, (ind giving expression to it jn the usu i"legiyiipatG modes, provided by the usages of society, havo not hesitated to assume thejcharacter of pimps, for the dis covery of real or imaginary grievances and injuries, suffered by the back, not only to the1 destruction oLall harmony between master and servaut, nut leading invariably to the misery qf the blacks themselves. The ulti mate object #of theso people, tho normal con dition at., whose. mindB is one of chronic phi lanthropy, s.cems to be tho destruction of tho trade, or the expulsion of all respectable per- csons from it. and to compass their ends, they 'have' pot- scimpledto prostitute their offices as magistrates and make a burlesque of the law, as will appear from the case of the Daphne, which is briclly as follows : — This vessel, the property of some Melbourne adventurers, sailed for the New Hebrides in March last, with the intention of landing sixtoon of her owners, who wont there for trading and agri cultural purposes. At one of those islands they met Mr. Ross Lewin, an experienced South Sca trader, and the same who intro auced tho Polynesian laborers to the Towns--' villo Station. Having a party of natives will ing to engage, lie chartered tho vessel from their owners to take thoin to Brisbano, whore they safely arrived in the beginning of No vember last. The. existence of the Queens land Polynesian Laborer's Apt, passed in March or April, ISliS, being uuknowu alike to ' the master, owners, or charterer of the vessel, none of whom had bceib in any part of Aqslralia sincov that time, the regulations of the Act had not of course been complied with, and the consequence was, that so soon as the vessel reached Moreton Buy, the phi lanthropist's lost no time in saluting herns a regular slaver or pjrnte, liable to criminal pro secution aud confiscation. Paragraphs, evi dently p. opared by outsiders, appeared in the. different papers, to her prejudice,, supported by sympathetic letters, under the head of cor respondence, and the G-overninent was so lemnly warned of tho momentous duty and serious obligations which circumstances hud imposed upon it. The slightest investigation shewed that the vessel iiad co.ne in good faith, and in excusable ignoranco of tho tech nicalities of the law, all of which, however, were, as far. as they could bo, brought to bear against her, which added to a delay of some five or six weeks, before she got clear, utterly ruined her venturo. Nor was this all, for after starting on her return to the islands, she was stopped in "tho river, and her char terer, Mr. Ross Lewin, taken on shore on a charge of criminal offence, alleged to have been committed in April last, at the New He- ' brictes, on a girl who has been in the colony for nine months," and who is an unchristiauised savage, utterly ignorunt of the nature or ob ligation of an oath. The information, save the mark, was sworn to by two male savatres, said to be Christians, whose ideas of future punishments were centred in " the policeman," and whose oaths were previously refused, by the Police Magistrate, to : the information, th'jigh accepted by an amateur .T.P. renowned for pliilauthropy and hardware. Of course the case for the prosecution fell through,- it was of too flimsy a toxturo to stand scrutiny, but the mischief- had been done, .the.shipownor had been put to very consider able expense, the trade nad been scandalised, and dirt thrown on those who embarked in it, and respectable traders, sensitive to the ob loquy sought to be attached to -tho calling, fought shy of tho business, and have been frightened off the grouud. Now we maintain that this is not fair plav to any one, and es pecially unjust to N :rthern interests and pro gress. "Whatever may bo the peculiar ideas of a few Brummagem, Wilbeufouces or rather " Jkblabts" in Brisbane, wo have found out the great value of the importation of island labor, and look upon it as one of tne means by which we hope to start new industries, aud to strengthen old ones. By. such labor wo -shall be able, in the develop ment of tropical exports, to supply the loss to the colony arising from tho depreciation in the price of the wool, and keep Queensland on her legs. But if every black skin is to be chased from the labor market, and encour aged to encu,rabor the earth, instead of being made, under wise aud Christian legislation, to contribute bis share to tho hive of in dustry ; if we are to be checkmated in our fair, reasonable, and legitimate efforts to thus civilise barbarity through employ meat, which always uioi;e or less enlightens ignorance ; if we are to be made the victims of Southern nigger philanthropy, by the nvean nnd under hand tricks which have been made use of to. s,eeure public sympathy by this parody on ' " The Rape ot Lticrece," how is it possible that we can compote with the Mauritius or tho West Indies, Ceylon, end other tropical countries, which are most of themfree to select their labor from, any part of the world, and if some of them can't, they havo the laborer at a nominal cost amongst themselves. " Tunica. Kicks." — Tho French lmro always boon, and continue to ho, dospitp tho entente cardiale now, existing between litem and oursolvos, viewed by Julm Bull 09 11 typo of tho Greek horse. Tho district of our neighbors (a iustinotivo ill tho boson of tho people, .Neither Freo Trade nor tho friendly jourteaie of tho two nations ean eradioatp tho dcop-raotcd iustinot that tho Gaul is our horedjtury foo — that- Under all our international and friendly treaties a mino lies roudy to ho sprung without a moniont's warning — -that Napoleon (tho Greater) holds back tho match, and that it is to .his wondorful judgment and foresight that Europo is not in a blaze and tho Legions of Franco thundering 011 our shores. J low necessary it is to bo prepared for such an eventuality, ant) how far wo should bp justified in providing lor such a eontingouay, by no means improbable on tho dnuunso of tho ICtuporor, is beat oviclonood by tho following assertion which we take frqm our English tiles: — "Those who think tlj.it; tho nations of Europo havo arrirod at that poriod /of oivilisatiop wlpch renders iyur impossible, are pleased; at tho proceedings of a Congress which has been- mooting at St. J?oiprsli|rgh, and lias agrcpd to a con vention for preventing the uso, in land or sen fights, of small oxidative missiles, invontors havo of lulo givou their minds to the production of miniuturo shells, to bo firod from the rifle, hud bduio oxporimonla which Uavp hoeu made. with those, in Franco aud Germany, on horses; and it is said qr some depd human bodies, havo horriiiod the reader, The missile enters at a small wound, but, bursting in progress, 'comos out nptking. n friglitfni hreueli. Tito conference has agrood tlmt nothing under tho weight of 400 grammes (14i ounces) shall bo djschurgpd at enemies — ottpopt tlioso who havo not joined in tho arrangement, so that any thing may still bo used against savages, \Vo do not. fcnqw tliqt litis poinpnct, in which England, Franco, Russia, and all impart nut powers are uiutod,-is iiF accordanoc with tho logie of wur, but it may sparo 'soino pf its lmrrors. But u revelation lately ntado by Sir Homy Buhver, who lias huon oleoted for 'i'n.uworth,. ntny induco many to think that wp need not bo in tiny great hurry to ' break our thuilod ships and nrmod towors.' Ho says that iii 1810 France was so incensed, at our diplomatic notion that there wan discussion in ' tho Fronch Cabinet whothor England should not bo attacked without warning. M. Thiers haF issued d sort of dotiial of tho accuracy of tho statement; but his answer is rath -r technical, and Sir Henry returns to tho oluirgo nnd assorts that ho had tho bust' reason fpr knowing that tho proposal was maclo and considered. Tho. fact that such a barbarism could oron bo spokou af in a Cnhiuet of modern statesmen is enough." Rookhajii'ton Cemeteri.— .The intormonts during, tho past fortnight havo /boon children, 8.; adults, 9 ;j total, 17. ' ' - - ' - - ' Oun AiDKitwi!?.— Wo are giaa. to say that tho , vote j .ing yestorday was conduotod in a kindly nnd frioniffy spirit, and in 110 0110' instance was chagrin oxhihitod by thoso who wore beaten,, nor any exultation by those who wore olectod. Tho now blood wp hope, will prq; duco a bonoficinl offset, and wo cntv - congratulate our lownsuioD upon hnvin'g ohoseh -gentlemen who will, ivF nro certain, perform tho proinisos they lmvo made, and who will, without, -flinching, Btudy tho interests of Rockhnmpton and its pooplo. Of Mr. Livonnoro wo ncod nqt speak, he is an old and iricdptjtdiomah,' nnfl as wo have observed beforo, is-- thoroughly well, up in all thorequiroinenta of tho onerous' ami honorable , position he'oecupios. while ho j is not tit all likely do iond himself to any party, liar- to pluy into any otto's haudB, savo those of tho community, Mr. Gardner, though a now uldorman, is an old and rospectod citi zen, und his constituents may bo certain that while h'o - will pay n due "regard to their wants and wishes, lio will not forgot the general interests of tho .town. ' To-.- morrow will decide whothor .Mr. Nurcombo or Mr. Bocfl will 00 oioctod, if precedent bo followod, wo bo- liuve tho formor gentleman will have tho honor. Tho -defeated candidates fought their battles woll,aad their motto IB, ''.try again." Mr. Sandol certainly did look vory happy under his afflictions, nnd wo should almost, argue that lie hob rather pleased at not having to hear the woight of aldermiinie honors : we should like to have scon l.im in the council, and it is to bo rogrolted that two stich gpod'nton as lie qtuV Mr.V Livormoro were in opposition. Mil McDurmott failrd1 certainly, hip. lie was supported by a large number of his follow-tQwiismgn, who ovidontly, by their support ing him, boliovod he would bo tho right man in tlie, right place. Thero aro many things to be seen into, and many little customs given into law which require abolishing, and had he boon elected lie would, without doubt, liavb kept his word and exerted himself to tllo utmost to procure fair play. Ilowevor, lie promisor- to epiiio forward again, wflcn ha may parlmpB have an . opportunity of " turning out tho Town Clerk's ' draw-, org." VVo have rofrained . during tho canvassing' frbtj'- expressing our opinious upoii tho merits aiid' ao'morits' of tho various eandidatos, boeuuso as wo before ob served, we consider the rate payers boing the parties most iutorestcd, aro tho best judges pf who they sh.pld cioet and wha rcfrpio. ;';> Gaixsvouu.-— Tho Dawson is. still vory high and running rapidly. The punt was worked for tlia first tirno yesterday. Mr.-R. Thompson, a Sydney gontlo- man en route for the Warrogo was tho first to cross. This gentleman 1ms boen detained soino days, but took aclvnntago of tho first attorapt to cross. — Communi cated. Oun Fkrut. — It is excessively disagreeable for us to bo continually finding fault, but-whun persons wu'it: upon us and complain nnd request to mnho their- grievances public, we nro in duty bound to speak out." A gentleman stutod to us yestorday that for consider-, ablo time; past he litis boon accustomed to have n trip across the river pi a Sunday aftornoon, taking with ; him two little children, 0110 of thorn just ablo to toddlo," aud the other a year further advanaod in tho art of wulking. When tho forrios woro loasad ho never was charged for these chitdron, neither would hp havo anything to pay for thom.by steamer or railway, "but whou tlio ferries foil into tho hands of tho Corporation- half faro was demanded. This geutlemnn.. in quostion does not grumblo to pay tho 3d., but. lto naturally wants to know why tho Corporation should domand-, that which tho lessoo refused to tako? Tho quostion. is porfoctly natural una roquiros answaring. Moms' Ci.osi:d Doors. — .May wo ask why tho en quiry into tho conduct of Borelmm, tho bailiff of tb'er! Court of Roqucsts, was hold with closed doors ? Wo lmvo do liositulioh in saying that tho order issued for; suoh a proceeding was opposed to everything that has grown- legal by custom. If auy enquiry ought- to. be conducted openly and without the shadow of concoal- mont, it is that 01,0 ivhoro tlio character and doings oF u public servant are undor invoitigation— tho public are directly interested in tho matter— tho shutting tlioni out is as monstrous as if n uiastor, who brought -a' charge against his 'own sorvant for robboryj wero ex cluded from offering ovidonco, or from hoaring tho Bumniing up of tho judgo.or tho vordiot of the jury. The caso enquired into wo consider a most flugrnnt one — Boroham,' tho bailiff of tho ;Petty Debts 'Court, serves a summons on Mr. Curtis, issnod by Mr. Martin, tho manager for Mr. Gaujard ; Curtis dirootly pays the monoy to tho bailiff, who nevor accounts for it, . and allows tho dofondant to bo brought beforo tho Boucli by the plaintiff, and to bo oast in costs. Whon asked, what- ho had done with tho monoy, tho bailiff coolly' says ho either paid the plaintiff or his boy, but i\s ho had no receipt, I10 supposed I10 must pay it again. Tho rangistruto properly ordered an onquiry to bo in stituted, but most improporly ordered tlmt during tho invoatigation tho doors should bo closed, so that tho publio could not know tlio oxact facts attending a direliotion or a non-direliotion of duty 011 the part of their own sorvant. If a magistrate have tho power to manngo matters in this way, we think that that power had bettor bo taken away, and at once, nnd wo should argue tlmt wlioh tho Attornoy-Gonoral loams . the faff particulars, ho will tuke steps to nrrost snob . worse, tlmn Star Chamber proceedings for tho futuro, ; Hdw do uwo knqw what took place? Tho conserva tors of tho liborties and rights of tho pdoplb aro tod .that their reportors cannot- be admitted — tho enquiry takes place in a privato room — very charming — evory, circumstance, ovqn the mpsfj minute, should hqvo hpoij published, not only boor uso jiiBt.ico demands it, but., becauso it so happens that the oaso, Borelmm v. Ai - cliibald, will bo hoard at tho coming Sessions, which if it result in tho conviction of tlio lnttor, will bo of an . exceedingly serious coiiRcqucnco to him now and here- . after. If Burehnni, the bailiff, mndo 11 mistake in not' ocoounting fertile inonoy handed to liiin by Mr. Curtis, would it not lead to tho belief tjmtho may have made asimilar mistake in not accounting for tha,t which I10 wus employed to procure from Archibald P We ore in formed that " Borelmm londcrcd his resignation which was accepted" —wo aro told by a person who. was pre- Bon.t- atj tho'cnmiiry, that tho resignation was not ao- coptod, and that Borehnni was dismissed. Which are we to boliove? If tho resignation wero tendored and accepted, it is a propf thnt Borolmni know ho was 111 orror, and that tlio court wns merciful — if not acpopted, then tlio Bench believed him guilty, in either case tho publio should know tho particulars, and tho charge brought against Archibald loses all its sting; and not a man in the town now has a shadow pf a, doubt as to . tlio real facts of tho case. I Gaujard v. Curtis,— The following are tlio parti- e alius id the. ease Curtis v. Borelmm, given to us by ono of tho porsons concerned, tho Truss by tho order , of the Bench boing exoludod, nnd tlio doors ol the | Court-house being closed. Wliou Mr. Martin, tlio I representative of Mr, Gaujard, outored tho Court, lio i was desired to bo seated, and Boroham wont up to linn and said " I'm very sorry Mr. Martin, but I liuve boon looking ovor my motuoranda, and I find no romark thorp as to my having paid you, therefore I suppose I mint huvo mudo a mistake 1 you won't prosecute mo, I jiopo, as I will pay you the inonoy. Mr. Martin ro- pliou that all ho wanted' was his Jmonoy ns ho had no desire to prosccuto. Shortly afterwards Borolmm was called before tljo presiding Magistrates, Mr. Wiseman, I'. M 1 and tho Mayor, Mr. Wiseman made no obsor- vution, Captain Huntor conducting tho enquiry. , Upptr being asked what ho Had dono with tho money, Borohuni oxplniucd how ho had forgotten to uiokoa moniorundum tlmt I10 had not paid it, and trustod that tho Bonch would aooopt his resignation. This Captain Hipitor after. consulting with Mr. Wiseman, doolinod to acccdp tQ. Boroham then statod ho was about to loavo tho colony, and that if their Worships would allow him to stay on for a wook or two, lio would plotlgo himself not to ontor.n publle-houso. This tlio Bonch also rofusod, and ovontually ordorod Boroham to bo disuiissod. Mr. Martin has not yot rooeived his money, and may wo ask, presuming tlmt Borohuni should bo unablo to pay it, who will lmvo to d > so ? sai|k.— Wo aro requested by Messrs. Johnson aud Co., auctioneers, to oall attontion to the important salo.of furniture, (tlio property of T. Burnot, Esq., who is about to Iorvo for England) to bo hold ub Woodond, this day, commencing at 11 o'olook. ilosPlTAif.— ;Wo hope tlmt tho snbtOonimittoo ap pointed to soloct a fit nnd proper person to act as assistant Wardainan in oqr Hospital, will not bo too . muoh inllnqnood by tho fact tlmt tho balunco in tho hands of tho bankers Is not so strong ns it might bo T,i bo niggardly in currying out tlio details of a hospital id l'ulso economy in every sonso of tho word, and is pertuiu to produco couftiBion, and ovontuully a ..ro-hotion, leading to a sinning on tlio sido of oxtrava- gnnce. Captain Hunter is genorally so 'exceedingly "careful beforo ho recommends increased expenditure, Jhut his opinions on tho above subject may bo vory safely followed. Wo argue, if tho funds arising from Government- aid and voluntary offerings nro not ample '.'to meet tlio requirements, that u small local tax should ' bo liiid hpon ovory householdor, for lot tho times bo as hard as they may, tho Hospital' is an institution which must not bo neglected ill any way wlmtcvor — we never know to-day what the morrow may bring forth;, in this climate, and especially (luring this period of tho year, illness travels with almost lightning speed, nnd no prcpantiona wo may take, can bo too groat to arrest the progress' of tlioso diseases and epidemics, whijh pause ! innuyn.uhuir to bo loft vacant, and Ihe fall of' tho. well known footstep to bo listonod for in vain. If ail as sistant WarJsiii'in bo wanted, and Dr. Cnlliighau lolls us ho is, lie . must bo procured, .110 mutter at what pricoN It. is- als6,;wb ooiieoivo; absolutely necessary thut hospital pationts should bo provided with dresses, and that thoir old- ones should bo eleansod and fumi- gatud; it is iio mcrro disgraco fur a person to woar a -sick mau's dress than it is for liiin to Do sufformg from illuoss; tho system, is adopted iii all well conducted hospitals,- and 'by fallowing., thoiprcsout fashion in vogtip lioro, we nro acting in opposition to a practice whioh lias boon found -to bo. absolutely nocessury for tho suko of the patiunt himself, of his brother sufferers, .of tlio hospital.. attendants, aud tlio community. Tlio usltal drosB of. light bluo flannel (wo think) is cool, not expoiisivo,qiid lusts for u lang liinojuiid wiij stand uny aiiiouut of washing.. Wo also cordially recommend tho udjpcion of tho proposal made by; Mr. Stoolo, of Fairfiula, that ovory person piiy ing £1 should havo tho power of liomimitiiig liimself ns a putiout. Thore is inherent in tho' liuart of ovory 0110 born in Great Britain, or. who speaks 'tho -English lungungo, and 1 - deed of ovory right-miiuied man,' a strong dislike to lio under what' hu considers' to bo a fuvir, unloss ho havo tho mouiis of — in soino measure — reciprocating. To ask a person for an admissiou to a hospital is looked upon as so- king a favor- in fnot it is like 'asking charity— whereas, if a person linvir tlic power of nominating liimself lie regards liimself as 011c of tlio governors of tho institution in which lio has purchnsod 1111 interest. Wo believe — if Mr. Steele's proposition bo carriod into practice — that 110 more complaints will \- be .made about the vnrious stations not rosp nding. . Guusnixo — The, Allinneo Oompntiy's machine his completed crushing 60 tons of quartz belonging to the Company, resulting1 in a yield of GL' ozs. 13 dwt. Tho Valentino Company completed up to Saturday lust crushing 23 1 tons of stono, from wliioh 20 lbs. avoirdupois of amalgam havo boon lakori, but';.not yet ToLortod-i tho maeliino-is to procobd - with '-thb'Bo"m-'; patmy's quartz until it is oxhausted; 150 tons are grassud. Tlio Alboury inueliino finished crushing u parcel of purohasod stono belonging to Mr. F. C. Hill, whioh wont about, im ouiico to tho ton. Consoli dated Status's. — We havo to aoknowledgo the recoipt of a copy "of Fart 1- of. tho Cousoli Jati d St at lice of Queensland, containing : Class 1. — Legisla tive aiid Supreme Court. Oluss 2. — Genoral Law. Oliisii 3. — Inferior Courts of Record and Miscellaneous Matters. These Statues will bo oxooedingly useful to us und save us a vast; deal of truublo. 'The book is exceedingly liontly got up nnd well printed, whilo wo nrn ploasod to see, that although strongly bound, no money hus been thrown away upon outward embellish ment-. Stohut Creek. — As the water lowers, tho above diggings recover thoinsolvos, and we hour that gold is being found rather more freely. Mr. Dibdin, who is always on tho quinine, and novor lots the gross grow undor liiui, purchased 80 ozs. lust wook. Wo hear nothing muoh about tho rush to . Ross' hoad station boyond this, that tlio prospcotors nro still out, and doing their beBb |to bo able- to say ". coino unto tlioso -yellow sands."' ('?.; ' Lioensino Meetino.— 1 Tlio usual monthly moeting -of tlio Bench of Magistrates was hold at the Court House yosterday. A liconso was granted to Josoph Mollny'far tho Fost-ofiloo Hotel, North Rookhampton. Trnslors from Patrick Hatligan to Alexauder Archibald of tho Lion Creek Hotol, and from W. L. Gordon to Annio Wnlkos of tho Toiegriiph Hotel, woro grantod. The transfer from James Fitzosborne to Patrick Halligan, of the Golden Age (late Albion) Hotel was adjourned for a week, as the premises were not com- pleted. \- Count von Attems.— A correspondent writing from ; Bntuvin, undor ditto 10th December, suys, "Count von Atteir.s has confessed, and is to got a eovoro sontoneo. His' yaehl, tho Hamlet's Ghost, bus I bolievo, been sold; for about £200. On his way to Java ho firod into , ; a vessel for not showing her colors and after lus arrest lib insistod uoon the Austrinit Consul Bonding to ISineauoro to intercont on Austrian frigatb and order .'her to coinc to offoet his rolonso."- — Sydney Payer. ' JL' UilTUN AXIS JiiSUAl'U fjr JhTUfl UUJJbbtfK vn&rAJi;< — . On a recent occasion, on the entrance of choir nnd i students for 9'25 a.m. sorvico, it was discovered that tho Clinpol was filled with gas, whioh had boon escap ing since the close of the ovonihg service, throngli sonio nogloct in turning it off. Prompt means were taken to oxp<»l the gas, and tho morning sorvioo had to bo dispensed with. 