NEW UNCOMMERCIAL SAMPLES. By Charles Dickens. ABOARD SHIP. My journeys as Uncommercial Traveller for the firm of Human Interest Brothers, have not slackened since I last reported of them, but have kept me continually on the move. I remain in the same idle employment. 1 never solicit an order, I never get any commission, I am the rolling-stone that gathers no moss-unless any should by chance be found among these Samples. Some half a year ago, I found myself in my idlest, dreamiest, and least accountable condition altogether, on board-ship, in the harbour of the city of New York, in the United States of America. Of all the good ships afloat, mine was the good steamship Russia, Captain Cook, Cunard line, bound for Liverpool. "Wnat more could I wish for ? I had nothing to wísh for, but a prosperous passage. My salad-days, when I was green of visage and sea- sick, being gone with better things (and worse), no coming event cast its shadow before. I might, but a few moments previously, have imitated Sterne, and said, " ' And yet, methinks, Eugenius-laying my forefinger wistfully on his coat-sleeve thus-' and yet, methinks, Eugenius, 'tis but sorry work to part with thee, for what fresh fields * * * my dear Eugenius * * * can be fresher than thou art, and in what pastures new shall I find Eliza-or call her, Eugenius, if thou wilt, Annie,' "-- 1 say I might have done this, but Eugenius was gone, and I hadn't done it. I was resting on a skylight on the hurricane-deck, watching the working of the ship very slowly about, that she might head for England. It was high noon on a most brilliant day in April, and the beautiful bay was glorious and glowing. Full many a time, on shore there, had I seen the snow come down, down, down (itself like down), until it lay deep in all the ways of men, and particularly, as it seemed, in my way, for I had not gone dry-shod many hours for months. "Within two or three days last past, had I watched the feathery fall setting in with the ardour of a new idea, instead of dragging at the skirts of a worn out winter, and permitting glimpses of a fresh young spring. But a bright sun and a clear sky had melted the snow in the great crucible of nature, and it had been poured out again that morning over sea and land, transformed into myriads of gold and silver sparkles. The ship was fragrant with flowers. Somethng of the old Mexican passion for flowers may have gradually passed into North America, where flowers are luxuriously grown and tastefully combined in the richest profusion ; but be that as it may, such gor- geous farewells in flowers had come on board, that the small officer's cabin on deck, which I tenanted, bloomed over into the adjacent scuppers, and banks of other flowers that it couldn't hold, made a garden of the un- occupied tables in the passengers' saloon. These delicious scents of the shore, mingling with the fresh airs of the sea, made the atmosphere a dreamy, and enchanting one. And so, with the watch aloft setting all the sails, and with the screw below revolving at a mighty rate, and occasionally giving the ship an angry shake for resisting, I fell into my idlest ways and lost myself. As, for instance, whether it was I lying there, or some other entity even more mysterious, was a matter I was far too lazy to look into. What did it signify to me if it were I - or to the more mysterious entity \- if it were he ? Equally as to the remembrances that drowsily floated by me-or by him-why ask when, or where, the things happened ! Was it not enough that they befel at some time, somewhere ? There was that assisting at the Church Service on board another steamship, one Sunday, in a stiff breeze. Perhaps on the passage out. No matter. Pleasant to hear the ship's bells go, as like church- bells as they could ; pleasant to see the watch off duty mustered, and come in ; best hats, best Guern- seys, washed hands and faces, smoothed heads. But then arose a set of circumstances so rampantly comical, that no check which the gravest intentions could put upon them would hold them in hand. Thus the scene. Some seventy passengers assembled at the saloon tables. Prayer-books on tables. Ship rolling heavily. Pause. No minister. Rumour has re- lated that a modest young clergyman on board has responded to the captain's request that he will officiate. Pause again, and very heavy rolling. Closed double doors suddenly burst open, and two strong stewards skate in, sup- porting minister between them. General appearance as of somebody picked up, drunk and incapable, and under conveyance to station-house. Stoppage, pause, and particularly heavy rolling. Stewards watch their opportunity, and balance themselves, but cannot bal- ance minister : who, struggling with a drooping head and a backward tendency, seems determined to return below, while they are as determined that he shall be got to the reading desk in mid saloon. Desk portable, sliding away down a long table, and aiming itself at the breasts of various members of the congregation. Here the double doors, which have been carefully closed by other stewards, fly open again, and worldly passenger tumbles in, seemingly with Pale Ale designs : who. seeking friend, says " Joe ! " Perceiving incon- gruity, says "Hullo ! Beg yer pardon ! " and tumbles out again. All this time the congregation have been breaking up into sects - as the manner of congregations often is-each sect sliding away by itself, and all pounding the weakest sect which slid first into the corner. Utmost point of dissent soon attained in every corner, and violent rolling. Stew- ards at length make a dash ; conduct minister to the mast in the centre of the saloon, which he embraces with both arms ; skate out ; and leave him in that condition to arrange affairs with flock. There was another Sunday, when an officer of the ship read the Service. It was quiet and impressive, -until we fell upon the dangerous and perfectly un- necessary experiment of striking up a hymn. After it was given out, we all rose, but everybody left it to somebody else to begin. Silence resulting, the officer (no singer himself) rather reproachfully gave us the first line again, upon which a rosy pippin of an old gentleman, remarkable throughout the passage for his cheerful politeness, gave a little stamp with his boot (as if he were leading off a country dance), and blithely warbled us into a show of joining. At the end of the first verse we became, through these tactics, so much refreshed and encouraged, that none of us, howsoever, unme- lodious, would submit to be left out of the second verse; while as to the third we lifted up our voices in a sacred howl that left it doubtful whether we were the more boastful of the sentiments we united in pro- fessing, or of professing them with a most discordant defiance of time and tune. " Lord bless us," thought I, when the fresh remembrance of these things made me laugh heartily, alone in the dead water-gurgling waste of the night, what time I was wedged into my berth by a wooden bar, or 1 must have rolled out of it, " what errand was I then upon, and to what Abyssinian point had public events then marched ? No matter as to me. And as to them, if the wonderful popular rage for a plaything (utterly confounding in its inscrutable unreason) had not then lighted on a poor young savage boy, and a poor old screw of a horse, and hauled the first off by the hair of his princely head to ' inspect ' British vol- unteers, and hauled the second off by the hair of his equine tail to the Chrystal Palace, why so much the better for all of us outside Bedlam !" So, sticking to the ship, I was at the trouble of asking myself would I like to show the grog distri- bution in '' the fiddle " at noon, to the Grand United Amalgamated Total Abstinence Society. Yes, I think I should. I think it would do them good to smell the rum under the circumstances. Over the grog, mixed in a bucket, presides the boat- swain's mate, small tin can in hand. Enter the crew, the guilty consumers, -the grown up Brood of Giant Despair, in contradistinction to the Band of youthful angel Hope. Some in boots, some in leg- gings, some in tarpaulin overalls, some in frocks, some in pea-coats, a very few in jackets, most with sou' wester hats, all with something rough and rugged round the throat ; all, dripping salt water where they stand ; all pelted by weather, besmeared with grease, and blackened by the sooty rigging. Each man's knife in his sheath in his girdle, loosened for dinner. As the first man, with a knowingly kindled eye, watches the filling of the poisoned chalice (truly but a very small tin mug, to be prosaic), and tossing back his head, tosses the contents into himself, and passes the empty chalice and passes on, so the second man with an anticipatory wipe of his mouth on sleeve or neck- kerchief, bides his turn, and drinks and hands, and passes on. In whom, and in each as his turn approaches, beams a knowingly-kindled eye, a brighter temper and & suddenly awakened tendency to be jocose with some shipmate. Nor do I even observe that the man in charge of the ship's lamps, who in right of his office has a double allowance of poisoned chalices, seems thereby vastly degraded, even though he empties the chalices into himself, one after the other, much as if he were delivering their contents at some absorbent establishment in which he had no personal interest. But vastly comforted I note them all to be, on deck presently, even to the circulation of a redder blood in their cold blue knuckles ; and when -I look up at them lying out on the yards and holding on for life among the beating sails, I cannot for my life see the justice of visiting on them - or on me - the drunken crimes of any number of criminals arraigned at the heaviest of Assizes. Abetting myself in my idle humour, I closed my eyes and recalled life on board of one of those mail packets, as I lay, part of that day, in the bay of New York O ! The regular life began - mine always did, for I never got to sleep afterwards - with the rigging of the pump while it was yet dark, and washing down of the decks. Any enormous giant at a prodigious hydropathic establish- ment, conscientiously undergoing the Water Cure in all its departments, and extremely particular about cleaning his teeth, would make those noises. Swash, splash, scrub, rub, toothbrush, bubble, swash,splash, bubble, toothbrush, splash, splash, bubble, rub. Then the day would break, and descending from my berth by a graceful ladder composed of half-opened drawers beneath it, I would reopen my outer dead- light and my inner sliding window (closed by a watch- man during the Water Cure), and would look out at the long-rolling lead- coloured white-topped waves, over which the dawn, on a cold winter morn- ing, cast a level lonely glance, and through which the ship ' fought her melancholy way at a terrific rate. And now, lying down again, awaiting the season for broiled ham and tea, I would be compelled to listen to the voice of conscience-the Screw. It might be, in some cases, no more than the voice of Stomach, but I called it in my fancy by the higher nnme. Because, it seemed to me that we were all of us, all day long, endeavouring to stifle the Voice. Because, it was under everybody's pillow, everybody's plate, everybody's camp-stool, everybody's book, everybody's occupation. Because, we pretended not to hear it, especially at meal times, evening whist, and morning conversation on deck; but it was always among us in an under monotone, not to be drowned in pea soap, not to be shuffled with cards, not to be diverted by books, not to be knitted into any pattern, not to be walked away from. It was smoked in the weediest cigar, and drunk in the strongest cocktail ; it was conveyed on deck at noon with limp ladies, who lay there in wrappers until the stars shone; it waited at table with the stewards; nobody could put it out with the lights. It was considered (as on shore) ill bred to acknowledge the Voice of Conscience. It was not polite to mention it. One squally day an amiable gentleman in love, gave much offence to a surrounding circle, including the object of his attachment, by saying of it after it had goaded him over two easy chairs and a skylight ; -" Screw ?" Sometimes it would appear subdued. In fleeting moments when bubbles of champagne pervaded the nose, or when there was "hot pot " in the bill of fare, or when an old dish we had had regularly every day, was described in that official document by a new name. Under such excitements, one would almost believe it hushed. The ceremony of washing plates on deck, performed after every meal by a circle as of ringers of crockery triple-bob majors for a prize would keep it down. Hauling the reel, taking the sun at noon, posting the twenty-four hours' run, altering the ship's time by the meridian, casting the waste food overboard, and attracting the eager gulls that followed in our wake ; these events would suppress it for a while. But the instant any break or pause took place in any such diversion, the voice would be at it again, importuning us to the last extent. A newly married young pair, who walked the deck affectionately some twenty miles per day, would, in the full flush of their exercise, suddenly be- come stricken by it, and stand trembling, but other- wise immovable, under its reproaches. "When this terrible monitor was most severe with us, was when the time approached for our retiring to our. dens for the night. When the lighted candles in the saloon grew fewer and fewer. When the deserted glasses with spoons in them, grew more and more numerous. When waifs of toasted cheese, and strays of sardines fried in batter, slid languidly to and fro in the table racks. When the man who always read, had shut up his book and blown out his candle. When the man who always talked, had ceased from troubling. When the man who was always medically reported as going to have delirium tremens, had put it off till to-morrow. When the man who every night devoted himself to a midnight smoke on deck, two hours in length, and who every night was in bed within ten minutes afterwards, was buttoning himself up in his third coat for his hardy vigil. For then, as we fell off one by one, and, entering our several hutches, came into a peculiar atmosphere of bilge water and Windsor soap, the Voice would shake us to the centre. Woe to us when we sat down on our sofa, watching the swinging candle for ever trying and retrying to stand upon his head, or our coat upon its peg imitating ub as we appeared in our gymnastic days, by sustaining itself horizontally from the wall, in emulation of the lighter and more facile towels. Then would the Voice especially claim us for its prey and rend us all to pieces. Lights out, we in our berths, and the wind rising, the Voice grows angrier and deeper. Under the mattress and under the pillow, under the sofa and under the wash- ing stand, under the ship and under the sea, seeming to arise from the foundations under the earth with every scoop of the great Atlantic (and O why scoop so !), always the Voice. Vain to deny its existence, in the night season ; impossible to be hard of hearing ; Screw, Screw, Screw. Sometimes it lifts out of the water, and revolves with a whirr, like a ferocious fire- work - except that it never expends itself, but is always ready to go off again ; sometimes it seems to be aguish and shivers ; sometimes it seems to be ter- rified by its last plunge, and has a fit which causes it to struggle, quiver, and for an instant stop. And now the ship sets in rolling, as only ships so fiercely screwed through time space, day and night, fair weather and foul, can roll. Did she ever take a roll before, like that last ? Did she ever take a roll before, like this worse one that is coming now? Here is the partition at my ear, down in the deep on the lee side. Are we ever coming up again together ? I think not ; the partition and I are so long about it that I really do believe we have overdone it this time. Heavens, what a scoop ! What a deep scoop, what a hollow scoop, what a long scoop! Will it ever end, and can we bear the heavy mass of water we have taken on board,and which has let loose all the table furniture in the officers' mess, and has beaten open the door of the little passage between the purser and me, and is swashing about, even there and even here ? The purser snores reassuringly, and the ship's bell strik- ing, I hear the cheerful " All's well ! " of the watch musically given back the length of the deck as the lately diving partition, now high in air, tries (un- softened by what we have gone through together) to force me out of bed and berth. "All's well!" Comforting to know, though surely all might be better. Put aside the rolling, and the rush of water, and think of darting through such darkness with such velocity. Think of any other similar object coming in the opposite direction ! "Whether there may be an attraction in two such moving bodies out at sea, which may help accident to bring them into collision? Thoughts too arise (the Voice never silent all the while, but marvellously suggestive) of the gulf below ; of the strange unfruit- ful mountain ranges and deep valleys over which we are passing; of monstrous fish midway; of the ship's suddenly altering her course on her own account, and with a wild plunge settling down, and making that voyage with a crew of dead discoverers. ' Now, too, one recalls an almost universal tendency on the part of passengers to stumble, at some time or other in the day, on the topic of a certain large steamer making this same run, which was lost at sea and never heard of more. Everybody has seemed under a spell, compelling approach to the threshold of the grim subject, stoppage, discomfiture, and pre- tence of never having been near it. The boatswain's whistle sounds! A change in the wind, hoarse orders issuing, and the watch very busy. Sails come crashing home overhead, ropes (that seem all knot) ditto ; every man engaged appears to have twenty feet, with twenty times the average amount of stamping power in each. Gradually the noise slackens, the hoarse cries die away, the boat- swain's whistle softens into the soothing and con- tented notes, which rather reluctantly admit that the job is done for the time, and the Voice sets in again. Thus come unintelligible dreams of up hill and down hill, and swinging and swaying, until consciousness revives of atmospherical Windsor soap and bilge water, and the Voice announces that the giant has come for the Water Cure again. Such were my fanciful reminiscences as I lay, part of that day, in the Bay, of New York O ! Also, as we passed clear of the Narrows and got out to sea ; also, in many an idle hour at sea in sunny weather. At length the observations and computations showed that we should make the coast of Ireland to-night. So I stood watch on deck all night to- night, to see how we made the coast of Ireland. Very dark, and the sea most brilliantly phosphores- cent. Great way on the ship, and double look-out kept. Vigilant captain on the bridge, vigilant first officer looking over the port side, vigilant second officer standing by the quarter-master at the compass, vigilant third officer posted at the stern-rail with a lantern. No passengers on the quiet decks, but expectation everywhere nevertheless. The two men at the wheel, very steady, very serious, and very prompt to answer orders. An order issued sharply now and then, and echoed back; otherwise the night drags slowly, silently, and with no change. All of a sudden, at the blank hour of two in the morning, a vague movement of relief from a long strain expresses itself in all hands ; the third officer's lantern twinkles, and he fires a rocket, and another rocket. A sullen solitary light is pointed out to me in the black sky yonder. A change is expected in the Light, but none takes place. " Give them two more rockets, Mr. Vigilant." Two more and a bluelight burnt. All eyes watch the light again. At last a little toy sky-rocket is flashed up from it, and even as that small streak in the darkness dies away, we are telegraphed to Queenstown, Liverpool, and London, and back again under the Ocean to America. Then, up come the half-dozen passengers who are going ashore at Queenstown, and up comes the Mail Agent in charge of the bags, and up come the men who are to carry the bags to tbe Mail Tender that will come off for them out of the harbour. Lamps and lan- terns gleam here and there about the decks, and imped- ing bulks are knocked away with handspikes, and the port-side bulwark, barren but a moment ago, bursts into a crop of heads of seamen, stewards, and engi- neers. The light begins to be gained upon, begins to be alongside, begins to be left astern. More rockets, and, between us and the land, steams beautifully the Inman steam-ship, City of Paris, for New York, out- ward bound. "We observe with complacency that the wind is dead against her (it being with us), and that she rolls and pitches. The sickest passenger on board is the most delighted with this circumstance. Time rushes by, as we rush on, and now we see the light in Queenstown Harbour, and now the lights of the Mail Tender coming out to us. What vagaries the Mail Tender performs on the way, in every point of the compass, especially in those where she has no business, and why she performs them, Heaven only knows ! At length she is seen plunging within a cable's length of our port broadside, and is being roared at through our speaking trumpets to do this thing, and not to do that, and to stand by the other, as if she were a very demented Tender indeed. Then, we slackening amidst a deafening roar of steam, this much-abused Tender is made fast to us by hawsers, and the men in readiness carry the bags aboard, and return for more, bending under their burdens, and looking just like the pasteboard figures of the Miller and his Men in the Theatre of our boyhood, and comporting themselves almost as unsteadily. All the while, the unfortunate Tender plunges high and low, and is roared at. Then the Queenstown pas- sengers are put on board of her, with infinite plunging and roaring, and the Tender gets heaved up on the sea to that surprising extent, that she looks within an ace of washing aboard of us, high and dry. Roared at with contumely to the last, this wretched tender is at length let go, with a final plunge of great ignominy, and falls spinning into our wake. The voice of conscience resumed its dominion, as the day climbed up the sky, and kept by all of us passengers into port. Kept by us as we passed other lighthouses and dangerous islands off the coast, where some of the officers, with whom I stood my watch, had gone ashore in sailing ships in fogs (and of which by that token they seemed to have quite an affect- tionate remembrance), and past the Welsh coast, and past the Cheshire coast, and past everything and every- where lying between our ship and her own special dock in the Mersey. Off which, at last, at 9 of the clock, on a fair evening early in May, we stopped, and the Voice ceased. A very curious sensation, not unlike having my own ears stopped, ensued upon that silence, and it was with a no less curious sensation that I went over the side of the good Cunard ship Russia (whom Prosperity attend through all her voyages!), and surveyed the outer hull of the gracious monster that the Voice had inhabited. So, perhaps, shall we all, in the spirit, one day survey the frame that held the busier Voice, from which my vagrant fancy derived this similitude. A SMALL STAR IN THE EAST. I had been looking yesternight through the famous Dance of Death, and to-day the grim old woodcuts arose in my mind with the new significance of a ghastly monotony not to be found in the original. The weird skeleton rattled along the streets before me, and struck fiercely, but it was never at the pains of assuming a disguise. It played on no dulcimer here, was crowned with no flowers, waved no plume, minced in no flowing lobe or train, lifted no wine cup, sat at no feast, cast no dice, counted no gold. It was simply a bare, gaunt, famished skeleton, slay- ing its why along. The borders of Ratcliffe and Stepney, east of London, and giving on the impure river, were the scene of this uncompromising Dance of Death, upon a drizzling November day. A squalid maze of streets, courts, and alleys of miserable houses let out in single rooms. A wilderness of dirt, rags, and hunger. A mud desert chiefly inhabited by a tribe from whom employ- ment has departed, or to whom it comes but fitfully and rarely. They are not skilled mechanics in any wise. They are but labourers. Dock labourers, water-side labourers, coal porters, ballast heavers, such like hewers of wood and drawers of water. But they have come into existence, and they propagate their wretched race. One grisly joke alone, methought, the skeleton seemed to play off here. It had stuck Election Bills on the walls, which the wind and rain had deteriorated into suitable rags. It had even summed up the state of the poll, in chalk, on the shutters of one ruined house, It adjured the free and independent starvers to vote for This- man and vote for Thatman ; not to plump, as they valued the state of parties and the national prosperity (both of great importance to them, I think !), but, by returning Thisman and Thatman, each nought with- out the other, to compound ,a glorious and immortal whole. Surely the skeleton is nowhere more cruelly ironical in the original monkish idea! Pondering in my mind the far-seeing schemes of Thisman and Thatman, and of the public blessing called Party, for staying the degeneracy, physical and moral, of many thousands (who shall say how many ? ) of the English race; for de- vising employment useful to the community, for those who want but to work and live ; for equalising rates, cultivating waste lands, facilitating emigration, and above all things, saving and utilising the oncom- ing generations, and thereby changing ever- growing national weakness into strength ; pondering in my mind, I say, these hopeful exertions, I turned down a narrow street to look into a house or two. It was a dark street with a dead wall on one side. Nearly all the outer doors of the houses stood open. I took the first entry and knocked at a parlour door. Might I come in ? I might, if I plased, Sur. The woman of the room (Irish) had picked up some long strips of wood, about some wharf or barge, and they had just now been thrust into the otherwise empty grate, to make two iron pots boil. There were some fish in one, and there were some potatoes in the other. The flare of the burning wood enabled me to see a table and a broken chair or so, and sone old cheap crockery ornaments about the chimneypiece. It was not until I had spoken with the woman a few minutes that I saw a horrible brown heap on the floor in a corner, which, but for previous experience in this dismal wise, I might not have suspected to be " the bed." There was something thrown upon it, and I asked what that was ? "Tis the poor craythur that stays here, Sur, and 'tis very bad she is, and 'tis very bad she's been this long time, and 'tis better she'll never be, and 'tis slape she doos all day, and 'tis wake she doos all night, and 'tis the lead, Sur." " The what ?" "The lead, Sur. Sure 'tis the lead-mills, where the women gets took on at eighteen pence a day, Sur, when they makes applicaytion early enough and is lucky and wanted, and 'tis lead-pisoned she is, Sur, and some of them gits lead-pisoned soon and some of them gets lead pisoned later, and some but not many niver, and 'tis all according to the con- stitooshun, Sur, and some constitooshuns is strong and some is weak, and her constitooshun is lead- pisoned bad as can be, Sur, and her brain is coming out at her ear, and hurts her dreadful, and that's what it is, and niver no more and niver no less, Sur." The sick young woman moaning here, the speaker bent over her, took a bandage from her head, and threw open a back door to let in the daylight upon it, from the smallest and most miserable backyard I ever saw. " That's what cooms from her, Sur, being lead pisoned, and it cooms from her night and day the poor sick craythur, and the pain of its dreadful, and God he knows that my husband has walked the sthreets these four days being a labourer and is walking them now and is ready to work and no work for him and no fire and no food but the bit in the pot, and no more than ten shillings in a fortnight, God be good to us, and it is poor we are and dark it is and could it is indeed ! " Knowing that I could compensate myself thereafter for my self-denial, if I saw fit, I had resolved that I would give nothing in the course of these visits. I did this to try the people. I may state at once that my closest observation could not detect any indication whatever of an expectation that I would give money ; they were grateful to be talked to. about their miserable affairs, and sympathy was clearly a comfort to them ; but they neither asked for money in any case, nor showed the least trace of surprise or disap- pointment or resentment at my giving none. The woman's married daughter had by this time come down from her room on the floor above, to join in the conversation. She herself had been to the lead-mills very early that morning to be " took on," but had not succeeded. She-had four children, and her husband, also a water-side labourer and then out seeking work, seemed in no better case as to finding it, than her father. She was English, and by nature of a buxom figure and cheerful. Both in her poor dress, and in her mother's, there was an effort to keep up some appearance of neatness. She knew all about the sufferings of the unfortunate invalid, and all about the lead poisoning, and how the symptoms came on, and how they grew: having often seen them. The very smell when you stood in- side the door of the works was enough to knock you down, she said, yet she was going back again to get 'took on.' What could she do? Better be ulcerated and paralysed for eighteenpence a day, while it lasted, than see the children starve. A dark and squalid cupboard in this room, touch- ing the back door and all manner of offence, had been for some time the sleeping-place of the sick young woman. But the nights being now wintry, and the blankets and covetlets " gone to the leaving shop," she lay all night where she lay all day, and was lying then. The woman of the room, her husband, this most miserable patient, and two others, lay on the one brown heap together for warmth. "God bless you, Sir, and thank you !" were the parting words from these people-gratefully spoken, too - with which I left this place. Some streets away, I tapped at another parlour door on another ground floor. Looking in, I found a man, his wife, and four children, sitting at a washing stool | by way of table, at their dinner of bread and infused tea-leaves. There was a' very scanty cinderous fire in the grate by which they sat, and there was a tent bed- stead in the room with a bed upon it, and a coverlet. The man did not rise when I went in, 'nor during my stay, but civilly inclined his head on my pulling off my hat, and, in answer to my inquiry whether I might ask him a question or two, said, " Certainly." There being a window at each end of this room, back and front, it might have been ventilated ; but it was shut up tight, to keep the cold out, and was very sickening. The wife, an intelligent quick woman, rose and stood at her husband's elbow, and he glanced up at her as if for help. It soon appeared that he was rather deaf. He was a slow simple fellow of about thirty. " What was he by trade ? " " Gentleman asks what are you by trade, John ? " "I am a boiler-maker ; " looking about him with an exceedingly perplexed air, as if for a boiler that had unaccountably vanished. " He ain't a mechanic you understand, sir," the wife put in, " he's only a labourer." " Are you in work ?" He looked up at his wife again. " Gentleman says are you in work, John ? " " In work ! " cried this forlorn boiler-maker, staring aghast at his wife, and then working his vision's' way very slowly round to me ¡ " Lord, no! " " Ah ! He ain't indeed ! " said the poor woman, shaking her head, as she looked at the four children in succession, and then at him. " Work !" said the boiler-maker, still seeking that evaporated boiler, first in my countenance, then in the air, and then in the features of his second son at his knee ! ' I wish I was in work ! I haven't had more than a day's work to do this three weeks." " How have you lived ?" A faint gleam of admiration lighted up the face of the would-be boiler-maker, as he stretched out the short sleeve of his threadbare canvas jacket, and re- plied, pointing her out : " on the work of the wife," I forget where boiler-making had gone to, or where he supposed it had gone to ; but he added some re- signed information on that head, coupled with an expression of his belief that it was never coming back. The cheery helpfulness of the wife was very remarkable. She did slop work ; made pea-jackets. She produced the pea-jacket then in hand, and spread it out upon the bed : the only piece of furniture in the room on which to spread it. She showed how much of it she made, and how much was afterwards finished off by the machine. According to her calcula- tion at the moment, deducting what her trimming cost her, she got for making a pea jacket tenpence half- penny, and she could make one in something less than two days. But, you see, it come to her through two hands, and of course it didn't come through the second hand for nothing. Why did it come through the second hand at all ? Why, this way. The second hand took the risk of the given-out work, you see. If she had money enough to pay the security deposit-call it two pounds-she could get the work from the first hand, and so the second would not have to be deducted for. But having no money at all, the second hand come in and took its profit, and so the whole worked down to ten pence halfpenny. Having explained all this with great intelligence, even with some little pride, and without a whine or murmur, she folded her work again, sat down by her husband's side at the washing stool, and resumed her dinner of dry bread. Mean as the meal was, on the bare board, with its old gallipots for cups, and what not other sordid makeshifts; shabby as the woman was in dress, and toning down towards the Bosjesman colour, with want of nutri- ment and washing ; there was positively a dignity in her, as the family anchor just holding the poor ship- wrecked boiler-maker's bark. When I left the room, the boiler-maker's eyes were slowly turned towards her, as if, his last hope of ever again seeing that vanished boiler lay in her direction. These people had never applied for parish relief but once and that was when the husband met with a disabling accident at his work. Not many doors from here, I went into a room on the first floor. The woman apologised for its being in " an untidy mess." ' The day was Saturday, and she was boiling the children's clothes in a saucepan on the hearth. There was nothing else into which she could have put them. , There was no crockery, or tinware, or tub, or bucket. There was an old galli- pot or two, and there was a broken bottle or so, and there were some broken boxes for seats. The last small scraping of coals left, was raked together in a corner of the floor. There were some rags in an open cupboard, also on the floor. In a corner of the room was a crazy old French bedstead, with a man lying on his back upon it in a ragged pilot jacket, and rough oilskin fantail hat. The room waa perfectly black. It was difficult to believe, at first, that it was not purposely coloured black; the walls were so be- grimed. As I stood opposite the woman boiling the children's clothes - she had not even a piece of soap to wash them with-and apologising for her occu- pation, I could take in all these things without ap- pearing to notice them, and could even correct my inventory. I had missed, at the first glance, some half a pound of bread in the otherwise empty safe, an old red ragged crinoline hanging on to the handle of the door by which I had entered, and certain frag- ments of rusty iron scattered on the floor, which looked like broken tools and a piece of stove-pipe. A child stood looking on. On the box nearest to the fire sat two younger children ; one, a delicate and pretty little creature whom the other sometimes kissed. This woman, like the last, was woefully shabby, and was degenerating to the Bosjesman complexion. But her figure, and the ghost of a certain vivacity about her, and the spectre of a dimple in her cheek, carried my memory strangely back to the old days of the Adelphi Theatre, London, when Mrs. Fitzwilliam was the friend of Victorine. "May I ask you what your husband is ?" "He's a coal-porter, sir." With a glance and a sigh towards the bed. Is he out of work ? " ' " Oh, yes, sir, and work's at all times very very scanty with him, and now he's laid up." " It's my legs," said the man upon the bed, "I'll unroll 'em." And immediately began. " Have you any older children ? " " I have a daughter that does the needlework, and I have a son that does what he can. She's at her work now, and he's trying for work." " Do they live here ?" " They sleep here. They can't afford to pay more rent, and so they come here at night. The rent is very hard upon us. It's rose upon us too, now-six- pence a week-on account of these new changes in the law, about the rates. We are a week behind ; the landlord's been shaking and rattling at that door, frightful ; he says he'll turn us out. I don't know what's to come of It," The man upon the bed ruefully interposed : " Here's my legs. The skin's broke, besides the swelling. I have had a many kicks, working, one way and another." He looked at his legs (which were much discoloured and misshapen) for a while, and then appearing to remember that they were not popular with his family, rolled them up again, as if they were something in the nature of maps or plans that were not wanted to be referred to, lay hopelessly down on his back once more with his fantail hat over his face, and stirred not. "Do your eldest son and daughter sleep in that cupboard ? " " Yes," replied the woman. " With the children ? " "Yes. We have to get together for warmth. We have little to cover us." "Have you nothing by youto eat but the piece of bread I see there?" "Nothing. And we had the rest of the loaf for our,breakfast, with water. I don't'know what's to come of it." "lHave you no prospect of improvement?" ' ' "If my eldest son earns anything to-day, he'll bring it home. Then we shall have something to eat to-night, and may be able to do something towards the rent. If not, I don't know what is to come of it." " This is a sad state of things." " Yes, sir, it's a hard, hard life. Take care of the stairs as you go sir -they're broken - and good day, sir!", These people had a moral dread of entering the workhouse, and received no out- of-door relief. In another room in still another tenement, I found a very decent woman with five children-the last a baby, and she herself a patient of the parish doctor to whom, her husband being in the hospital, the Union allowed for the support of herself and family, four shillings a week and five loaves. I suppose when Thisman, M.P., and Tbalman, M.P., and the public blessing Party, lay their heads together in course of time, and come to an Equalisation of Rating, he may go down the Dance of Death to the tune of of sixpence more. I could enter no other houses for that one while, for I could not bear the contemplation of the children. Such heart as I had summoned to sustain me against the miseries of the adults, failed me when I looked at the children. 1 saw how young they were, how hungry, how serious and still. I thought of them, sick and dying in those lairs. I could think of them dead, without anguish; but to think of them, so suffering and so dying, quite unmanned me. Down by the river's bank in Ratcliffe, I was turn- ing upward by a side street, therefore, to regain the railway, when my eyes rested on the inscription across the road, " East London Children's Hospital." I could scarcely have seen an inscription better suited to my frame of mind, and I went across and went straight in. 1 found the Children's Hospital established in an old sail-loft or storehouse, of the roughest nature, and on the simplest means. There were trap-doors in the floors where goods had been hoisted up and down ; heavy feet and heavy weights had started every knot in the well-trodden planking ; inconvenient bulks and beams and awkward staircases perplexed my passage through the wards. But I found it airy, sweet, and clean. In its seven-and-thirty beds, I saw but little beauty, for starvation in the second or third generation takes a pinched look ; but I saw the sufferings both of infancy and childhood tenderly assuaged, I heard the little patients answering to pet playful names, the light touch of a delicate lady laid bare the wasted sticks of arms for me to pity ; and the claw-like little hands, as she did so, twined themselves lovingly around her wedding-ring. One baby mite there was, as pretty as any of Raphael's angels. The tiny head was bandaged, for water on the brain, and it was suffering with acute bronchitis too, and made fiom time to time a plaintive, though not impatient or complaining little sound. The smooth curve of the cheeks and of the chin was faultless in its condensation of infantine beauty, and the large bright eyes were most lovely. It happened, as I stopped at the foot of the bed, that these eyes rested upon- mine, with that wistful expression of wondering thoughtfulness which we all know sometimes in very little children. They remained fixed on mine, and never turned from me while I stood there. When the utterance of that plaintive sound shook the little form, the gaze still remained unchanged. I felt as though the child implored me to tell the story of the little hospital in which it was sheltered, to any gentle heart I could address. Lay- ing my world-worn hand upon the little unmarked clasped band at the chin, I gave it a silent promise that I would do bo. A gentleman and lady, a young husband and wife, have bought and fitted up this building for its present noble use, and have quietly settled them- selves in it as its medical officers and directors. Both have had considerable practical experience of medicine, and surgery ; he as house-surgeon of a great London Hospital ; she as a very earnest student, tested by severe examination, and also as a nurse of, the sick poor, during the prevalence of cholera. With every qualification to lure them away, with youth and accomplishments and tastes and habits that can have no response in any breast near them, close begirt -by every repulsive circumstance inse- parable from such a neighbourhood, there they dwell. They live in the hospital itself, and their rooms are on its first floor. Sitting at their dinner table they could hear the cry of one ot the children in pain. The lady's piano, drawing materials, books, and other such evidences of refinement, are as much a part of {the rough place as the iron bedsteads of the little patients. They are put to shifts for room, like pastengers on board ship. The dispenser of medicines (attracted to them, not by self-interest, but by their own magnetism and that of their cause) sleeps in a recess in the dining-room, and has his washing appa- ratus in the sideboard. Their contented manner of making the best of the things around them, I found so pleasantly inseparable from their usefulness ! Their pride in this partition that we put up ourselves, or in that partition that we took down, or in that other partition that we moved, or in the stove that was given us for the waiting room, or in our nightly conversion of the little con- sulting-room into a smoking-room. Their admiration of the situation, if we could only get rid of its one objectionable incident, the coal-yard at the back ! "Our hospital-carriage, presented by a friend, and very usefuL" That was my presentation to a pe- rambulator, for which a coach-house had been discovered, in a corner down-stairs, just large enough to hold it. Coloured prints in all stages of preparation for being added to those already deco- rating the wards, were plentiful ; a charming wooden phenomenon of a bird, with an impossible top-knot, who ducked his head when you set a counter weight going had been inaugurated as a public statue that very morning ; and trotting about among the beds, on familiar terms with all the patients, was a comical mongrel dog, called Poodles. This comical dog (quite a tonic in himself) was found characteristically starving at the door of the institution, and was taken in and fed, and has lived here ever since. An admirer of his mental endowments has pre- sented him with a collar bearing the legend, " Judge not Poodles by external appearances." He was merrily wagging his tail on a boy's pillow when he made this modest appeal to me. When this Hospital was first opened in January of the present year, the people could not possibly con- ceive but that somebody paid for the services rendered there; and were disposed to claim them as a right, and to find fault if out of temper. They soon came to understand the case better, and have much increased in gratitude. The mothers of the patients avail them- selves , very freely of the visiting rules; the fathers often on Sundays. There is an unreasonable (but still, I think, touching and intelligible), tendency in the parents to take a child away to its wretched home, if on the point of death. One boy who had been thus carried off on a rainy night, when in a violent state of inflammation, and who had been afterwards brought back, had been recovered with exceeding difficulty ; but he was a jolly boy, with a specially strong interest in his dinner, when I saw him. Insufficient food and unwholesome living are the main causes of disease among these small patients. So, nourishment, cleanliness, and ventilation, are the main remedies. Discharged patients are looked after, and invited to come and dine now and then ; so are certain famishing creatures who never were patients. Both the lady and the gentleman are well acquainted, not only with the histories of the patients and their families, but with the characters and circumstances of great numbers of their neighbours : of these they keep a register. It is their common experience that people sinking down by inches into deeper and deeper poverty will conceal it, even from them, if possible, unto the very last extremity. The nurses of this hospital are all young ; ranging, say, from nineteen to four-and-twenty. They have, even within the narrow limits what many well endowed hospitals would not give them : a com- fortable room of their own in which to take their meals. It is a beautiful truth that interest in the children and sympathy with their sorrows, bind these young women to their places far more strongly than any other consideration could, The best skilled of the nurses came originally from a kindred neighbour- hood, almost as poor, and she knew how much the work was needed. She is a fair dressmaker. The hospital cannot pay her as many pounds in the year as there are months in it, and one day the lady regarded it as a duty to speak to her about her improving her prospects and following her trade. No, she said ; she could never be so useful, or so happy, elsewhere, any more ; she must stay among the children. And she stays. One of the nurses, as I passed her, was washing a baby-boy. Liking her pleasant face, I stopped to speak to her charge : a common, bullet-headed, frowning charge enough, laying hold of his own nose with a slippery grasp, and staring very solemnly out of a blanket. The melting of the pleasant face into delighted smiles as this young gentleman gave an unexpected kick and laughed at me, was almost worth my previous pain. An affecting play was acted in Paris years ago, colled The Children's Doctor. As I parted from my Children's Doctor now in question, I saw in his easy black necktie, in his loose buttoned black frock coat, in his pensive face, in the flow of his dark hair, in his eyelashes, in the very turn of his moustache, the exact realisation of the Paris artist's ideal as it was presented on the stage. But no romancer that I know of has had the boldness to prefigure the life and home of this young husband and young wife, in the Children's Hospital in the East of London. I came away from Ratcliffe by the Stepney railway station to the Terminus at Fenchurch Street. Any one who will reverse that route may retrace my steps. ____________________ JACK TAKING HONOURS. - At the conclusion of his recent speech at Nottingham, after distributing the prizes awarded at the Oxford local examinations, the speaker, Mr. Denison, said : " There still remains a question, what is to be done to make education e ?? live throughout the country ? Something may be done by Government, and something by University .....ng, these will be of small effect, unless the care '..it for and of the fireside be added ; unless parents ....... an interest in the progress of their children, will stimulate them to exertion. In Scotland- ' What place in the school to-day ? ' is the first question asked, when a boy comes home. ' Who is Dux? Could not you get to be Dux by taking a little more pains ? ' The keen interest of the parents throws new life into the spirit of the boy. It is difficult to say what effects may not follow a word of anxious and affectionate in- terest of a parent. I will give an instance which oc- curred in a noble family in the case of one who passed a large part of his life in this country, and with whom I was intimately acquainted. Lord Althorp, known to us all as Chancellor of the Exchequer and leader of the House of Commons, was not an industrious boy at school, was fond of field sports, of shooting, and hunting, and when he went to Cambridge took his hunters with him, and thought more of the sport he should have with his hounds than algebra and mathematics. When he came home for the first vaca- tion, his mother said to him one day, ' Jack, we shall expect you to take honours.' Jack, or, not to seem too familiar, may I add the epithet which in after life accompanied the word, Honest Jack, was struck all of a heap by this maternal expectation ; but he pondered upon it. He sold his hunters, he set himself diligently to the study of mathematics, he took honours in the examination of his college, and doubtless it was to the strengthening and healthy influence of those studies, for he was never gifted with the powers of oratory, that Lord Althorp was enabled to play such a dis- tinguished part in life, and it is as little doubtful that all this came from the few words dropped from the lips of his mother." A NOVEL IMPEDIMENT TO MATRIMONY- The Rev. Mr. Dedington, curate of Bere Regis, has refused to marry a young woman named Jane Payne Butler, because she had " no true Christian name "-i.e., had not been baptised- unless she went through a course of three months' instruction preparatory to being baptised. The Rev. C. Smith, a Congregational minister of the place, has written to the Bishop of Salisbury on the matter, but his lordship relieves him- self from any action in the matter by saying, " I have no power to give, in a summary way, any authorita- tive interpretation of the law in the case you put." In the meanwhile Jane Butler is going through her course of instruction, which has been mercifully com- muted to fourteen days.-Sherborne Journal. 