USELESS KNOWLEDGE. i (From (ha Vornhill.) JEVIKY clever young man, I believe, passes through a stage of extravagant ambition. He keeps his day-dreams to himself if he has either common sense or modesty ; but at moments and very pleasant moments they are-he sees himself enshrined in the memory of a grateful world, revolutionising systems of thought, embodying the aspirations of mankind in undying verse, or scattering plenty through a smiling land, and reading his history in a nation's eyes. It is well if, when those dreams dissolve under the pressure of real work, they leave him content with the modest share of glory or good conscience which falls to the lot of most of us. Whilst they last, the youth is frequently troubled, amongst other weaknesses, by a hankering after omniscience. Ko bounded field of knowledge satisfies his Imoyant sense of unused power ; he is ready to plunge into scientific researches, to study universal history, to be a profound theologian and metaphysician, to be familiar with law and politics, and to soften'his severer studies by an accurate acquaintance with poetry and the fine arts. It is an act of bitter self-denial when he first forces himself to recognise the fact that the human intellect is limited, and that the essen- tial condition of utility in this world is to restrict oneself to a narrow field of. labour. All know- ledge is too vast a province for any one in these days ; we must be content to work in the confidence that our energies will be supple- mented by those of our fellow- labourers, and be satisfied if we haye done any real service, however humble, towards helping on the im- provement of the world. In time it becomes a positive source of pleasure to reflect upon the vast fields of thought ia which ? we are never called to exert ourselves. I have heard a man of great ability express a sense of .humiliation on walking through one of the Universal Exhibitions ; at every step, he said, lie met something which painfully reminded him of his own ignorance, and brought vividly before his mind the narrow limits of his knowledge. I confess that the effect upon me is very dif- ferent. I have walked through acres of textile fabrics, miles of ingenious machinery, tens of thousands of square yards of painting, vast accumulations of all the countless products of human ingenuity, and silently given thanks at every step, Here, I have exclaimed, is yet one more branch of knowledge on which I am, and shall always remain, hope- lessly, profoudly, and contentedly ignorant. Here, for example, is a steam-engine ; I have not the faintest notion how it is made, or what conditions are necessary for its success. If, by some reversion of the ordinary laws of nature, the tide of time would flow back with me, and set me down, say in the fifteenth century, I could not convey the slightest information to the curi- ous people who would doubtless flock round me. Somehow or other, I would say, if you put water into a boiler and light a fire under it, and make a complicated arrangement of wheels and pistons, the thing will move and carry you in a couple of hours from London to Dover ; but if you want te know how it is done you must wait for two or three centuries. It is perhaps wrong to rejoice at not knowing something which, as people are always saying in public speeches, ought to be familiar to every schoolboy of four- teen ; but I pity that imaginary schoolboy, and rejoice sincerely that so many people are la- bouring to remove from me every necessity of investigating the matter for myself. In the in- genious romance of Sandford and Merton, a story is told of a gentleman and a carpenter, supposed to be cast away on a savage island; and a morai is drawn for the edification of youth from the fact that the carpenter is much more valued for his power of making baskets than the gentleman for his knowledge of Greek and Latin. The true inference would, of course, be that the savages were very stupid to value basket-making more than scholarship ; and it is a main advan- tage to civilisation that it enables some classes to free themselves from mechanical toil. Yet, though we no longer share the delusion of the eighteenth century as to the superiority of man in a state of nature, we all too often listen to exhortations conceived in much the same spirit. What a shame it is, people exclaim, that we go through life knowing nothing of the most ordinary processes that are going on around us. What a comfort it is, I always reply to myself, that I can get on perfectly well without knowing how to plough, or to make my coats, or to cook my dinner, far less to make an electric telegraph. " When Adam delved and Eve span, where was then the gentleman ?" He was an impossibility, and that circumstance must have been a decided drawback to the state of society in Paradise. So far, my confession may, perhaps, be re- garded with indulgence. One may take a certain epicurean pleasure in the sight of the vast fields of knowledge which one is never destined to tread, and yet feel gratitude for those who consent to explore them. I may hug myself on my ignorance, and feel no grudge against the knowing part of mankind. Yet I confess that I sometimes go a little further than this. There is something de- pressing in the monstrous accumulation of facts which is going on all round us. There is a loss, as well as a gain in the results of all this amazing industry. We cannot but envy the great men of old days who could be at once statesmen, and soldiers, and philosophers, and artists, and regret that it is daily becoming more difficult to be anything but an infini- tesimal wheel in a machinery of boundless com- plication. All the societies for the acquisition of useful knowledge, which spread and flourish around us, seem at times to be hostile to a genuine cultivation. We are aghast at the enormous quantity of things with which it is possible, and sometimes necessary, to be ac- quainted. Undoubtedly all such societies— not including the Social Science Association have their uses. We laugh at them, and pro- test against them, and end by admitting that they do good service in their way. Yet I have sometimes thought that there will soon be room for another society, which might be called the Society for the Suppression of Useless Knowledge—not so much as a direct opponent, tut as a necessary corrective to the energy of its rivals. The first meeting might be held in the reading-room of the British Museum. Scholars sometimes lament, er affect to lament, the burning of the Alexandrian Library, yet I cannot help fancying that they are occasionally laughing in their sleeves; and, that, if it depended upon a a word, they would hesitate before tumbling out upon the world those masses of manuscripts which are, fortunately or otherwise, beyond our reach for ever. Consider the countless volumes which encumber the world, and daunt all but the moBt energetic students, and which owe their existence to the ancient literature now in existence ; multiply them in proportion of the remnant to' the mass ',which once existed, and ask whether, by this time, we should not have jggfeeen forced to do some burning on our own ac HliBnt. The British Museum itself always that any one should read industriously for ten hours a day, he might, we will suppose, assimilate two or three average volumes in the time—assuming that he has previously acquired the sciences requisite for their due understanding. Even so, many Bingle volumes would take months rather than days of labour. Let us admit, however, that in a year he has thoroughly digested a thousand volumes. In thirty years of uninterrupted labour at this rate he would have got through a very small fraction of the huge stores of literature which crush the shelves of that enormous collection. -. He weuld have traversed one region of the great ocean of knowledge, and would still see a boundless expanse extending before him. It is enough to damp the appetite of the most determined bookworm to think of the liberal provision made for his consumption. So far, however, the employment is innocent enough ; the most indomitable of literary glut- tons feels that an ample feast is provided for him, and may, if he pleases, gloat over the pro- spect. He may even bestow upon the world the result of his labours, and publish one of those books in which the mere list of authorities at the foot of the pages sends a shiver through the reader's marrow-especially if the reader is unaware of the display which may be cheaply made by the help of a few skilfully manipulated books of reference. But there is a more painful conclusion behind. Let us think, for example, of what history is rapidly becoming. Formerly, a man might be content if he dashed through a few centuries in as many pleasantly-written octavo volumes, remembered a short list of dates of royal accessions and battles, and some of the floating anec- dotes which have become proverbial. Now it takes as long to write history as to live it. Lord Macaulay began swimmingly, and took us through some thirty years in a couple of delightful volumes; but, as he continued, MB' plan expanded, and it became evident that, if he had happily been spared to complete his original plan, he must have lived a century longer, and would have found that materials were accumulating faster than he could write down the results. The ideal history seems to be one in which we could trace everything that happened to everybody, and know what he thought about it, and how far he was right or wrong. We are required to study all the State papers that were written, to follow the details of every negotiation, to form an opinion of every actor, to know all about the contemporary literature, and, in short, to be as familiar with all the events of some past epoch as the inhabitant of Little Pedlington with the gossip of his charming village. If the plan continues, it is awful to think of the fate of historians in the year 1969. They will have to read through all the daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly publica- tions of the period, from the lists of births, deaths, and mairiages to the Parliamentary re- ports ; to study all the blue-books as conscien- tiously as a newly-elected M.P. ; to read all the despatches of all the secretaries of state and ambassadors, and everything that was said in answer to them or about them by observers in foreign countries ; to study parish registers, and law reports, and tables of statistics ; to go through the literature of the period, from ephemeral novels up to works on metaphysics ; to plunge into masses of manuscript letters and memoirs ; and after taking in this and much more, to digest it into some comprehensive whole. The history of a year, instead of being squeezed into a para- graph, will expand over a long series of folios. The materials for such portentous labours are being conscientiously preserved and ranged in due order in the most accessible shape. Every private person of any sense has a periodical gaol delivery, and burns the heaps of corrrespondence which would otherwise make our house uninhabitable, and choke every cupboard and available receptacle. The nation, so far fiom imitating this prudent piecaution, preserves every scrap of paper useless rubbish or invaluable document-as though piint were more sacred than human life. Are we not lajing up stores of knowledge which will go far to drive some future philo- sopher mad ? Would not"such"a_society as I have mentioned be discharging a useful function if it were to burn, sink, and destroy some ninety-nine hundredths of the waste paper which, as it seems without hyperbole, the world itself v. ill .c liC.j be able to contain. When we were at school, history was surely a pleasanter thing. We did not, it is true, know so many facts as are now considered essential to a well- regulated mind. If we com- plain that our memories are in danger of being Bwamped, and impatiently tax our remorseless crammers with pedantry, we are, I know, sternly reproved. A love of truth, it is said, is desirable in itself. No pains that are suffered in the service of truth are superfluous; and truth of all kinds is desirable for its own sake, and a sufficient reward for the patient inquirer. The argument surely confounds two very different things. It is not a question between truth and fiction ; but between knowledge and ignorance. There are many things which ought simply to be consigned to oblivion, because they are of no real use to any human being, and are so much dead weight on the memory. A very similar confusion is constantly turning up in disputes about art. If we complain of ^ the photo- graphic style of painting, in which every trifle is conscientiously imitated, in the apparent belief that our eyes are microscopes, we are taxed with a want of love for truth. Truth has nothing to do with it. The ultimate object of art is to affect our imaginations, not to record the greatest possible number of facts. Labour bestowed upon subsidiary objects is not only thrown away, but positively weakens the effect by distracting our minds. It is undoubtedly necessary that whatever is represented should be represented faithfully, for otherwise it would have no interest for us ; but it does not follow that as many thing's as possible should be repre- sented. History, in the Bame way, if it is understood to mean an account of everything that ever happened, would include vast masses of rubbish that ought to be left to unbroken repose in the dusthole. Dryasdust and his brethren have filled libraries with profoundly learned speculations, and, when they did abuse each other like pickpockets, have kept up an exchange of elaborate compliment, which the poor innocent public has naturally taken in good faith. Who wrote the letters of Junius ? Who was the man in the iron mask ? Where did Julius Caesar land in Britain? To these and hundreds of other questions of a similar kind, many persons would answer simply, " We don't care." It does not make the very slightest difference in any possible way. Somebody wrote Junius who was dead and buried a good many years back, and their influence on politics was just the same whoever was the author. The simplest plan would 6urely be to follow the precedent of the naval captain, who mahs it 12 o'clock. Let us assume, in future, that Sir Philip Francis was the writer ; the S. S. U. K. would be en- trusted with the destruction of all evidence and the future historians of the eighteenth' century would be relieved from a very thankless task, and nobody, so far as I can see, would be one penny the woree. In the same way I would decide, once for all, that Julius Caesar landed (say) at Deal,, and insist upon the question being finally laid on the shelf, and antiquarians turning their energies to some more fruitful field, buch disquisitions have had their use, like the pieces of imaginary gold for which the old man in the fable advised his sons to dig in the vine yaid. They have incidentally produced a great turning-over of original authorities, and thrown light upon more important inquiries. But this is an inducement for children ; we are old enough to know what is really valuable, and to seek for it systematically and straightforwardly. It is useful to give boys puzzles to exercise their arithmetical talents ; but when they grow to . be real mathematicians the puzzles sink to their proper place as mere playthings. It must be added, too, though here I confess that my ground is logically weaker, that there are some cases in which the weakness of the flesh leads one to prefer fiction to truth* Whilst we grow doubly anxious to investigate useless matters of fact, we remorselessly sweep away all the charming fables in which we once rejoiced. To say nothing of Bomulus and Remus, of King Hengist and Horsa, and all the pleasant heroes who bad the one fault, and that fault shared with many of the most delightful companions of our school-days, of having never existed, we are in real danger of losing all our villains. Tiberius and Caligula are being changed into amiable monarchs. Richard III. was an excellent uncle, who spoilt ¡ his nephews, instead of smothering them ; and ¡ in the words of the poet, " Never a monster need now despair, and every knave has a chance." It is true that, by way of compen- sation, some excellent characters are being sadly mauled, and the romance ruthlessly stripped off I our ancient idols. It is impossible to see the process without some regret. All visitors to Oxford may remember the grotesque heads, covered with grime, and with highly comic ex- pressions, produced by various accidents to their noses and cheeks, which used to stand upon ' pedestals round the theatre. The last time I paid them my respects, I was "shocked to observe that they had been going through the process which we facetiously describe as restoration. Their green visages had been scraped, chiselled, and filed down, till they woie a most irreproachable and insipid simper. To my eyes their beauty had entirely departed, and they looked like the noble savage of fict:on, dressed up in a black coat and a white tie. The process deserves imitation in one respect; for it would be a great saving if, in- stead of erecting new monuments to recent benefactors of their species, we could plane down some of the old ones into new forms, and, for example, convert an ugly old Charles I. into a bran-new George III. But I confess that the change convejed on the whole a melancholy moral to my mind. That is the process, I said to myself, through which all our dear old villains are being replaced in history. The ancient monuments are being scrupulously restored, which, in official langu- age, means destroyed, or at least flayed alive. Before long we shall not have a villain to quote in a paragraph. Every old hero, who cut his rivals' throats, strangled his wives, and mas- sacred his subjects, is being converted into a likeness of a comfortable, well- dressed citizen, with everything handsome about him. It dees them no good, and deprives us of a great deal of harmless amusement. When our descendants have to refer to Robespierre, instead of loading him, like our grandfathers, with every epithet that indignation and horror could suggest, they will be obliged to speak of him as that amiable, if misguided patriot, whose excel- lent intentions sometimes led him into measures which, if we only knew what they were, we might possibly condemn from our improved point of view, but which seem to have been, on the whole, in harmony with the moral code of the times. For when it is impossible to deny that a man has com- mitted crimes, it is always open to us to point out that crimes in one century cease to be very criminal in another. What with softening down shadows and slurring over lights, the clear dis- tinctive history of former days, in which every man was a saint or a ruinan, is being toned ¿own into a monotonous record of common- place, people without a single deviation from the average standard. Surely it is permissible in these days of universal respectability to regret the change for a moment. If Richard did not smother his nephews, he ought to have done it,-or, at least, he ought to be held to have done it,-just^to increase the pleasure with which infant^ minds are initiated into histoiy. I must admit, however, that this is a digres- sion, and, perhaps, will not bear a very strict inspection. Let us have the truth in matters which have any bearing upon history ; but do not let us suppose that because, a thing really happened, it is a sufficient reason for its never being forgotten ; or, which is a parallel case, that because a thing exists somewhere in the universe, it is important that we should know all about it. We have lost as well as gained by the progress of scientific knowledge. Though I have heard some bigoted conservatives curse the memory of Columbus, we may take it to be a good thing that America was discovered. It is as well that we should know where are the sources of the Nile, and be able to constiuct a tolerably trustworthy map of Central Asia. In short, we cannot Beriously complain that our planet has become a very limited place, in which every hole and corner has been pretty well explored, and laid down in perfectly accessible ground-plans. Yet the loss of mystery is a real loss to our imaginations. There is no room for the anthropophagi and men whose heads do grow beneath their shoulders. Préster John and the land of Eldorado have not so much as an unoccupied acre of ground left to hold on by. Once we were like children living in a corner of some huge rambling manor-house, and fancying that all kinds of ghosts and phantoms might be lurking in the remoter roomß to which they had never penetrated. We have grown up and walked through every passage, and I peeped into every closet, and find that it is all very common place, and that the haunted palace is not much more romantic than an ordi- nary lodging-house. This is a small set-off, it may be, and yet I think it is a set-off against the practical advantages ; the completion of the Pacific railway, and the establishment of regular lines of steam-communication with the most re- mote islands of the ocean. The process, indeed, would not stop here, if it depended upon the good-will of men of science. We have lately heard immense rejoicings over the discoveries which have extended our knowledge even beyond the solar system. It is unspeakablj gratifying, it seems, to be able to say that some sort of gas (I entirely decline to write down any specific name, lest I Bhould expose myself to the laughter of all well-informed persons) '- fn be but in the sun, and in Sirius, and in various stars up and down the sky. That the discoverers have shown remarkable powers of mind, 1 am most willing to believe ; but I can't yet derive much comfort from the knowledge they have gained. Suppose that it is plainly made out that, at a distance of more millions of miles than the mind of man can conceive, there is some unpronounceable stuff, which also exists here, how am I the better for that fact ? I do not mean, how will it increase my income, but how shall I be the happier or the wiser ? Every- body was in a great state of excitement last summer to hear something about certain red prominences which appear round the sun in eclipses, and to know what they were made of. What, I ask, are the red prominences to me, or I to the red prominences ? The moon was always one of my illusions, and it has been cruelly put down by these men of science. We are now informed, if I am not mistaken, that it is nothing but a big burnt-out cinder, which is some use in getting up tides (not that I know very , clearly what is the good of tides), but totally unsuitable for intending emigrants, even if they could get there. Every one who has had a proper value for the moon, considered in a poetical or {esthetic point of view, must regret that it turns out to be nothing better than a secondhand earth, with a large quantity of mountains, and not even the ghost of an Alpine Club to climb them. Here, I am aware, I am upon ticklish ground. There is no name of greater power at the present day than that of science ; and it is as awkward to say anything against the pre- tensions of men of science, as it once.was to be a heretic of a different order. You cannot, it is i "true, be burnt alive, or put into an inquisition, but, which is almost as bad, you can be made to look extremely foolish. The men of science regard you through their spectacles with an air calculated to strike terror into the boldest heart, if you venture to question the advantage of their most trifling speculations. Anything which by hook or by crook can be brought under the mantle of 'ology is a sacred object not to be touched by the profane vulgar. A poor savage sees a civilized being, capable of producing thunder and supplied with unlimited quantities of fire- water, devote himself for years to the pursuit of bugs-using that word in the American sense. This strange creature will live for months in a wilderness, and be amply rewarded by col- lecting a boat load of creeping, crawling things, which are not even good to eat, The savage thinks that the white man must be little better than an idiot: and the white man, when he comes home, writes his book, and holds the savage up to the derision of an enlight- ened' public. " Here, " he says in effect, "is a poor creature so ignorant as to think me a fool for spending a month in discovering the Hotonchronon thologus Jonesii—an animal which differs from all other Hotonchrononthologi in having two more spots on his nose, and an extra claw on his hind leg." Is it so plain that the white man has altogether the best of the argument ? Suppose that the beast in question had remained unknown, would the human race have been materially the worse ? Or, to put it more moderately, could not the month have been spent to more purpose in some other field of labour? Some distin- guished martyr to science once planted a colony of some loathsome insect in his thumb, and heroically travelled to Europe with his burden, in the hopes of discovering some new facts about the way in which the animal laid its eggs. Unluckily, if I remember right, the thumb mortified and had to be amputated within sight of land ; and we have ever since been called upon to admire the zeal and heroism of the sufferer. I am willing to do so, just as I admire St. Simeon Stylites for stand- ing for twenty years on a column, and saying his prayers 1244 times a day. Only I cannot help asking, in each case, whether so rare a quality of heroism could not have been turned to some better account? Zeal is a com- modity of which we have such an abun- dance that we can complacently see it running to waste. Science often means nothing moie than accurate and systematic knowledge of facts ; and the question always remains whether the facts are really worth knowing. If a man of genius spends years in investigating the habits of a microscopic animalcule, it does not follow that the game was worth the candle, simply because we give to the knowledge gained the mystic name of science. I have been amused, in watching a controversy which has sometimes been carried on upon a trifling point of this nature. A harmless race of lunatics has lately taken to amusing itself by climbing the Alps, and has even formed a club for the purpose of stimulating the natural zeal of Englishmen to scramble up diffi- cult places at the risk of their necks. If enthusiasts frankly say that they climb because they like it, they are sternly repioved, and told that they are unpardonably rash. If they more judiciously swear by the name of science, their critics take off their hats and retire with a graceful bow. But what is the difference ? If I go up Mont Blanc to improve my diges- tion, and have a good time generally, I se far inciease the sum of human happiness. If I take a barometer with me, and dis- cover once more that the pressure of the air on the summit is fifteen inches less than at the bottom, I add one more infinitesimal fact to those already known. I advance science in so far as I increase by a microscopic amount the mass of raw material upon which philosophers are to reason. But the effect of my observation upon the virtue or happiness of mankind is so inconceivably minute as to be inexpressible in language or figures. In one case, I directly add to my own happiness and health ; in the other, I add one more trifling bit of information to many millions already accumulated, and may possibly do some indirect good to somebody. Is the difference between the two actions so enormous that one Bhould be unsparingly condemned, and the other held up to general admiration? Has science so mysterious a power that the most homoeopathic expression of scientific intention ' converts any quantity of equivocal conduct j into pure virtue ? If people would only remem- ber that science is nothing but knowledge put into formula;, they would free themselves from this superstitious awe, and see that the line of demarcation is not so broad as they sometimes imagine. It is an historical fact that I walked down the Strand at twelve o'clock on the 1st of May, 1869; it is a scientific fact that the thermometer on that day stood at 60 degrees in my study; but whether either of those facts be worth recording must depend entirely upon the influence which the know- ledge of them would exert upon human happi- ness. The thermometrical fact is, no doubt, the most interesting in the case supposed, but it is possible to have too much of thermometers. In saying all this, I do not mean for one moment to sneer at scientific people. I love and admire them. I rejoice to see blue fiâmes, and even to smell disagreeable odours jA the_ Royal Institution or at the Polytechnic. I even like' to flatter myself that I am making a scientific observation when I tempt the appetite of the hippopotamus at the Zoological Gardens with nuts, or offer a rusty nail 3 to the ostrich. Nothing is more gratifying than to watch the ardour with which men throw them-' selves into disputes as to the origin of specie's, and the shapo of a monkey's brain. I am perfectly content with being a man, and can- not see that it makes much difference whether my remote ancestors were apes or human beings. Still it is pleasant to see people so keen on the subject; and to remark, at-the Same time, the strong brotherly love which always prevents them from growing bitter in the ardour of controversy, and accusing each other of plagiarism or want of candour. I remember the' old grammarian who wished to send his brother's soul " to eternal perdition, for his treatise on the irregular verb" and am glad that a scientific heresy cannot excite an equal degree of animosity. I revere even mathematicians, though totally unable to understand them, and especially unable to make out why the elabo- rate investigation of some theories is at all more respectable than the discovery of problems in whist or chess, or the invention of Chinese puzzles. But, to be perfectly candid, I think that men of science have one trifling- fault. They are apt to be a little arrogant, and to presume upon the respect which they have fairly won. For the genuine leaders of thought this is at least pardonable, but they have introduced a rather unpleasant st)le amongst persons who, without due', I authority, love to clothe themselves in their mantle. Every penny-a-liner is ready to twaddle ' about the " inexorable laws of supply and demand "-generally in the most complete ignorance of what those laws really are-and indulge in platitudes about the infallibility of economic science. For a similar reason I was truly pleased at reading the other day (I know not whether it was accurate) that the Gulf Stream had been proved to be a delusion. The Gulf Stream was almost as great a nuisance as Macaulay's New Zealander, or the German who evolves things from the depths of his consciousness. One could not mention the weather without giving a chance to somebody to clothe himself with the true scientific swagger, and hurl the Gulf Stream at your head. There are certain remarks which nobody ever makes without a certain air of superior wisdom : such as the political common- place that the tyranny of a mob is as bad as the tyranny of a despot ; and the man who affected familiarity with the Gulf Stream always seemed to feel himself six inches taller in consequence. I should have real pleasure in learning that the Gulf Stream had been definitely exploded. What is the real moral of these remarks? Ought we not, in spite of sophistries, to rejoice in every extension of knowledge, and to believe that sooner or later it will turn to some account? It is all very well to ridicule absurd pretensions, and to groan over accumulations of fact, which threaten to incre'aseithe difficulties of learning ; but are we not setting ourselves against the general current of 'improvement, and objecting to a process, which, whether we like it or not, must, take place if civilisation is to improve ? The1 answer, if we are to speak seriously, seems to be, j very simple. Professor Owen startled us some j time ago by the assertion (I quote from memory)"that to display properly the various species of whales, there would be need of four- teen galleries, each, a mile or so in length, A museum on such a scale might well appal chan- cellors of the exchequer and sightseers of ordinary appetites for knowledge. Yet, if the whales were conveniently placed, they would undoubtedly be worth seeing. Now our diffi- culty at the present moment seems to be that we have got whales enough to stretch for four- teen miles,*but that they are not properlj arranged. Our capacity for accumulating materials has outrun our powers of putting them in order. No amount of whales would bj too great, if they were only classified 01 intelligible principles ; but we are ii - danger of being swamped by a disorganise! chaos of whales. We have so mary facts that we do not know what to do with then. Our Dryasdusts have accumulated such vtst heaps of rubbish and of valuable matter, that our powers of sifting them and bringing them into shape are unequal to the gigantic task. No one can be familiar with more than a frac- tion of the whole field of history or with more than some minor branch of scientific inquiry. In time we must be content to get rid of the worthless material, and to arrange what is left on some comprehensive schemes. We want historians who can deduce some living principles fn m historyK and men of science who can re- duce the "vast masses of observation to some general laws. When that is dene, we shall be able lo catalogue the facts from which the theories have been de- duced, and to put them away for further refer- ence, or destroy some of them altogether. Just now we are in the uncomfortable stage which some of us have experienced when a whole cert load of books-good, bad, and indifferent-has been shot down in our room, and we have pot had time to put them in order on shelves. The worst of it is that people are constautly bringing in more, and raising shouts of triumph over their wonderful industry and virtue in bringing in, it may be, a mere mass of waste paper. All that we can do is to have patience, and submit even to a little unnecessary arro- gance, in the hopes that we shall not be quite overwhelmed before some one arises to put things straight. _A CYNIC. 