men IN PARLIAMENT. Tuesday, .Tan. f>, 1869. Mr Speaker took his chair at half-past three, and after genial interchanges of "happy New Years" among the "happy" family, enquiries weremutually made as to how the holidays had been passed, and it trans- | pired that, with the late Minis try it had been all play and no work, and with the present one, : all work and no pla. Parkes had turned his Ghost into an Aunt Sally, and knocked its pipe out once on an average of about twenty "shies." Docker and Tighe ran in sacks, or rather letter-bags — typical of the "sacks" they so speedily received from their billets un der the late administration. Byrnes went up the Zigzag in a velocipede. Wilson tried the water pail arrangement, but, after wettinghimselfdreadfulty, he "kicked the bucket " away in disgust. Eagar and Martin ran a three-legged race up the Sand Hills ; and Isaacs played single wicket all by himself. The Ministry, on the contrary, shut themselves up, and went into profound meditation on their latter end, with the ex ception of Samuel, who read the arithmetical puzzles in the Family Herald and the farce of the Two Bonnycastles, with an occasional dip into Colenso. These revelations having been made, a number of conundrums were propounded aud answered more or less satisfactorily. The merry party now went in for Snapdragon, Mr. Egan face tiously remarking, as he pointed to the burning brandy, that they were ' ' all going to blazes." " Plums " for each of the party was put in the igneous spirit, and each looked in turn to " snap " at the prize. The late " indispensables " were " nowhere " in the game, how ever, for though they played well and resorted to many a 'cute "dodge," they were suc cessful only in burning their lingers, leaving the victory to the Robertsonians, who suc ceeded in not only securing their own " plums," butthose of their unlucky friends, who evidently regarded the result of the game as an unfavorable omen of their succeeding to "snap" the dragon from the official dish on "another occasion." The party on the whole were very "comfortable," and parted in high spirits. Before they se parated, Mr. Speaker distri buted, to their respective recipients, the following New Year's Gifts — presented by Sydney Punch, Esq. Mr. Windeyer, a copy of Cicero de amicitid, and an explanation by Mr. Forster of what gentlemen mean when they use the words, " private and very confidential. " Mr. Isaacs, copy of an unpublished drama, entitled, " The san guinary fustian of a melodramatic murderer ; or the rabid roarings of one bathed in bullock's blood !!!" with this inscription — "The hon. gentleman then delivered a long and elaborate denunciation of Mr. Forster, in the course of which he compared that gentleman physi cally and morally to Mokanna, the veiled prophet ; Richard III ; Nero; Danton ; Rashleigh Osbaldiston; and added that he was worse than any of these." — Report of Mr. Isaacs' speech in Empire. Mr. Parkes, a carte-de-visite of Mr. Parkes ; a bust of Henry Parkes ; a full length historical painting of the Honorable Henry Parkes, M. P., in Windsor Uniform; a portrait of the late Mr. Titus Oates ; and a complete file of the Protestant Banner. A 