NO POPERY. (From the Saturday Review.) he The Murphy riots have had one good effect. They have revealed to the eyes of politicians the height and depth of the No Popery feeling in England. A great num- ber of sensible people have been for years dreaming that it had gone to sleep in the same limbo as the belief in witchcraft, astrology, and the Cock Lane Ghost. But it is much awake and as lively as ever. It lias lost perhaps some classes of adherents, but what has been taken away in quality has been made up to it in quantity. There are scattered throughout the vast strata of the middle and lower classes of society myriads of persons, of blameless reputation and moderate capacity, who believe that the Pope is Antichrist, and that his mission is to devour innocent Protestants. These people are on most subjects perfectly sane. Thoy do not dispute that two and two make four ; they will accept without question the pretensions of tho hypothenuse ; and they do not combat the doctrine of gravitation. It is only fair to add that, in their social relations, they are for the most part quiet and inoffensive, They do not knock down the foot-passengers they meet in the streets, or bonnet the policemen as they go their rounds. They do not throw stones at their neighbors' windows, or bellow opprobrious epithets at their doors. They aro generally regular in the payment of rates and taxes, and go to church or chapel with devout punctuality. But ever and anon they are subject to paroxysms of the most frightful aud uncontrollable passion. They become purple in the face, they foam at the mouth, and they lose all command over their tongues. The mild blandness of their habitual address is exchanged for a fierce- ness of demeanor which the innocence of their wonted beverages alone shields from the imputation of drunkenness. They howl, shout, or stammer unconnected anathemas against the Scarlet Lady, Babylon, and the Beast. They are haunted by strange sights, hear supernatural sounds, and arm them- selves for a spiritual Armageddon. While they aro in this state, thero is no coming f near them. They will resent as an insult the plainest statement of facts, and Hy into a passion at the multiplication tablo. A sentiment so intense as this presents too facile an instrument for political or religious fanaticism to leave untouched. Mr. Murphy has, therefore, had his imita- tors on many platforms and in more pulpits. Among the latest performers on tho drum ecclesiastic is the Dean of Carlisle, who has circulated an Evangelical rescript among the electors of that city. The Dean of Carlisle is a sort of Pope himself among Low Church folk, and his circular breathes the fears and logic of the Papacy. He begins by telling the electors that, according as thoy give their votes for or against the friends of Irish dis- establishment, they vote against or for the general principie of an Established Church. He then reminds them wherever religion has become national, there it has resulted in an Established Church. He next warns them that any nation without a national Church is a na- tion without God. So strongly does ho prize this axiom that ho repeats it in other forms. Ergo, there ought to bo an Estab- lished Church for the English nation, and, unless Ireland is included in its embrace, the wholo nation is godless. Hero it seems to have struck the Dean that aonio low utilitarian might question lho services and utility of the Irish Establishment. Accord- ingly he anticipates tho objection by a pregnant interrogation to which ho furnishes a reply himself. " "What 1ms she dono," ho asks, " to merit this sweeping violation of all her rights, privileges, and posses- sions ? She is the Church of the minority ? And what of that, if sho is tho Church of the Truth ? And if she has not enlarged her borders, the British Government is chiefly to blame, for it has always frowned on proselytizing in every shape. . . . As David said of his enemies, ' I paid them the things which I never took,' so, if tho property of the Irish Church is taken from them and given to Romanists in any shape or form, they will take of the things which never belonged to them." Certainly, if no one else is obliged to the Dean for his advocacy, the Liberation Society owes him its deepest gratitude. How at this time of day any man can talk of a Government or nation being religious, apart from the individuals who compose it, passes our comprehension. Supposing that that form of piety which is most grateful to bim had been confined to people of the conventicle, and that the Church only reckoned Gallios among her members, would he have measured the godliness of Cheltenham by the churchmanship of the indifferent, or by the piety of the Dissen- ters? Again, Spain and Rome have emi- nently recognised Christianity by the power and privileges which they have conferred on the Church. Does the Dean consider Spain and Rome then specially godly, apart from tho godliness of individual Romans and Spaniards ? The Deans reply, that ho is speaking of Evangelical godliness, will not help him. Evangelical piety is a per- sonal thing, entirely distinct from and in- dependent of an Established Church, and, according to some authorities, more likoly to flourish without than with an Establish- ment. It is quite competent for a Govern- ment to establish a Church, but it is not competent to make churchmen godly ; and it is difficult to imagine a godly nation without a godly people composing it. And what as to Scotland? If there should be one Established Church for the whole realm, it ought to comprehend Scotland. Does the Dean contend that the Established Kirk of Scotland constitutes tho national claim to godliness, or that the absence of Epis- copacy neutralises tho devotion equally of the Free and tho Established Kirk ? Wo leavo him to settle this question with Scotchmen, and wish bim joy of the con- troversy. Of courso thero are other nnd valid arguments in favor of an Establishment, principally resting upon social and civil considerations, and recog- nised by all mon of sober and judicious tempers. But these the Dean discards for others which will have the peculiar merit of irritating many of his more devotional friends. The cream of his argument comes last. The Established Church in Ireland is the Church of the minority. " What of that if she is the Church of the Truth ?" Thoro is a courage in this question which goes far to compensate for its indiscretion. We are bound to impose a Protestant Church upon a Popish people, because Protestantism is true and Popery is false. Certainly he who can venture to urge this principle of action Anno Domini 1868 must be more or less than ordinary men. The Church in Ire- land is an eyesore, au affront, and an insult to the bulk of the population. Never mind ; it is the Church of the Truth. It helps to irritate the Romish laity, and to goad the Romish priesthood into disloyalty. That is of no moment ; it is the Church of the Truth. It makes few or no converts ; it does not diffuse the truth which it contains. Still the truth is there, and has been there for three hundred years, and it is the fault of the people that they have not been en- lightened by it. There is a terseness in this form of argument which inspires the regret that it should not be as decisive as it is compendious. " I am right and you are wholly wrong" is so summary a solution of a disputed point that we need not be sur- prised at is adoption by all parties to the dispute. It is so obvious that it is univer- sally applied, though it labors under the disadvantage that it settles nothing. The Church of Rome has used it for so long a time that she claims a prescriptive monopoly of it. She has been saying little else for centuries. This has been alternately her title to toleration and to persecution. Be- cause sho is the Church of the Truth, she has condescended to beg a share of the privileges enjoyed by heretic Churches. Because she is the Church of tho Truth, she has refused to concede one jot to the pr.iyers of heretic Churches. Because she was the Church of the Truth, she once burned, tortured, and despoiled. And she had a good plea for what she did. The highest good to which man's soul can attain is the Truth ; the greatest evil which could befall any soul would be the exclusion from Truth. Ergo, the prevention or punishment of falsehood is the most kindly and bene- ficent work which any Church can perform for erring souls. On this principle the Church of Rome acted when she burned some heretics to save the souls of others. On this principle she acts now, when she indulges in the infinitesimal persecution which is still permitted by the less tolerant of Catholic States. And, on the same principle, Dean Close whishes the Church of England to imitate her, not by thumb screwing, burning, or branding, but by worrying, treading on the moral corns and wounding the self-love of a sensitive people Much might be said vigorously and effectively by a sensible opponent of Irish disestablishment. It might be urged-and none would more readily recognise the plea than educated Roman Catholic laymen that, in an age when half-educated Ultra- montane priests assume to direct tho con- duct of rude Irish peasants, it is for the benefit of civilised society that there should be placed in every district, and endowed at the public expense, a man who, indepen- dently of his theological opinions, encour- ages free thought and discussion ; who knows what a triangle is, and has imbibed the first rudiments of political economy. Such a line might be advocated without wounding the sensibilities of any class. But this is just tho line of argument which is repudiated by Dean Close, Mr. Murphy, and the No-Popery agitators. They are in tho right ; their cause is the Truth ; their Church is the Church of the Truth ; there- fore they are to override and trample on all Churches until they acknowledge their dis- comfiture. It is a melancholy thing to reflect how little religious enthusiasts learn from history. As it was not the Romish priesthood that taught the Church of Rome its first lesson of comparative toleration to heretics, so it will not be from zealous clergymen that the Church of England will imbibe its lessons of moderation and justice towards the Irish Catholics. Parsimony Extkaoiidikaiiv.-A correspon- dent writes :-" Somo discussion and oxciteinont oxist at present in Bermondsey at tho niggardly conduct of the guardians of the poor, from two causes-tho milk served to tho littlo children has boon diluted with 85 per cent, of water, and Borne of tho guardians havo stoutly opposed anything better than this, though condemned by the medical faculty. And tho sumo party lins successfully opposed tho increase of tho salaries of thoso who attend lo the wants of Iho poor, although thoir duties havo inoroosod fifty per cent, during tho last twelvo years, mid it lias been shown that tbo remuneration of thcso medical officers amounis to only -,'(l. for ouch case, and (hat tho cines avcrago twelvo days at- tention. What can bo expected among paupers but tho perpetuation, to a largo extent, ol' pau- perism, where tho guardians aro so ponny wiso and pound foolish ?"-Daily Newt. A cheat sensation has been produced in al- most ull clusscsof amusement-loving society by an announcement which wo certainly never oxpoolcd to hiivo to reproduce. It Is paid that lhere will bo no Derby next year ! This alarming and astounding statement was at first ollowcd lo agitato society to its depths. Hut it lus now boen explained, and though things do not look quito us thoy did, thero is still matter of dread import to tho sporting world. Mr. Studd, u gonlleinan who mado money in Australia, has become tho Lord of the Manor in which isa small but importent portion of Epsom ruco eourso. Tho Btory of Mr. Dorling und the com mittco is that ho sought lo obtain exorbitant terms for allowing tho roc« to puss ovor his ground. Hie story is that he never meant to do anything unfair, but that ho is perfectly justi- fied in demanding any terms from Iho com- mittee, becouso thoy udvortitcd the race us usual without his leave, sought to divert tho course, bo iib to avoid his land, and como to bim only whon they found their own plan would not answer. So I lu» mutter stunds. If Mr. Studd holds out, and the coinimtleo will not givo him what ho nske, it now course muy bo mude, und not a twentieth of tbo crowd thut go to tho Derby will know or euro anything about it, but intiBinucli as this will not hu " the Derby," tho turf world will bo thrown out of gour for a couplo of yours, and bets will bo oil', whoreat not the beat sort of bettors will bo tho most pleiiBod. It is possible that tho matter may bo udjusted before wo write uguin, but the possi- bility tho other woy also exists, and oh lhe Dorby is known and cared for wherever tho English longiiugo is spoken, wo lose no timo in making tho announcement. HlOHI.ANDKllS AND THE Es'OLláll ToNOl'l!, The Bishop of Argyle, in a letter, which ho has addressed to D.an Ramsey, concerning tho ancient and now fcoblo Episcopalian Churches of tho Western Highlands, relûtes tho following anecdote :-His Lordship was lately compelled to reinovo from a church in his dioeeso one of tho National Society's illuminated texts, " Drink, and let the camels drink nlso." 'Ibis odly Bolocted text wus no doubt intended for tho inculcation of kindness to tho lower animals ¡ but in Argylcshire, where English is a foreign language, it was calculated to havo quite »nothor ofi'ect, telling tho peoplo to drink (which thoy aro only too ready to do), and nlso to let their old onomios (tho Canipbells) on tho othor sido of tho hill refresh themselves tho sumo way. 