To the Editor of the D. D. Gazette. Sir— I was present at the Church of England tea meeting last Thursday evening, and was very much astonished and amused by the violent tirades which appeared in the form of letters in one of your contemporaries against certain members of the con gregation who kindly undertook, as far as their limited capabilities would admit, to contribute towards the evening's amusement. The absence of veracity in those tirades bespeaks their author, and shows that he must still be smarting under the severe lesson and determined setting down he received on that evening. I observed no ' loud laughter,' except upon one occasion, when, as "Clarence" very naively remarks, "a gentleman was reading" what he intended to be a very appalling ghost story, that should awe the listeners into rapt attention, bespeak their terrified sympathies, causing them to become oblivious of the rendering and the renderer. There is only a step between the sublime and the ridiculous, and, unfortunately for the 'gentlemanly reader,' the sympathies of his hearers followed in the latter and failed to appreciate the former, and his intolerable assurance received a wholesome shock, by cries of "Oh ! oh!" and suppressed laughter, when he told of "orrified spectaturs" and "bull-its wiskin through the hair," &c.;, &c.; I do not wish to throw a stone at the poor man, because he has received a rather unenviable educa tion, and reads worse than a boy eight or nine years old ; but why should he be permitted to punish an audience with his mis-pronunciations and murder the letter "h" ad libitum, without a gentle curb being put upon his growing conceit, and a polite reminder that his talent as a reader, even of a sim ple ghost story out of the London Journal, is not quite equal to that of a Dickens or a Bellew ? Of course, ' Clarence' would wish to infer that derisive laughter was extended to the other per formers, but I observed that the lady amateurs were received with marked appreciation, and in every instance commanded the attention and applause of the audience. Neither did I hear any remark passed about their dress and appearance, except in admiration thereof. It would have been wise if ' Clarence' had ascer tained facts, before committing his snarlings to paper ; he would then have known that the pro viders of the the table against whom be so politely inveighs were not collecting money for their tea table, as he represents, but to augment the proceeds of the evening by adding the donations from those who would be unable to attend. Mr. Holberton, with his usual generosity, contributed in kind ; therefore his gift was devoted to the tea, as also some fruit voluntarily sent by another storekeeper. The whole of the provisions were supplied, and a considerable bill at the pastrycook's defrayed, by the ladies themselves. Apologizing for intruding such a trivial matter upon your notice, I remain, &c;, "L'HOMME QUI RIT" 