BOMA. % (from a correspondent. h Wc'vo had a meeting. William Milos, ESt M L. A., has given an account of his stewaii\ ship. Tho free end independent met oln Saturday, evening last, pursunnt to advertise- mont (Town Crier with bullock-bell). Wil-\ linm Miles, Esq , M.L A , talked liko a book. \ lho Mayor took the chair, and having ex- plained tho object of tbo mcoting, Mr. Miles proceeded to address tho electors. I am not a shorthand writer, and cannot givolbe"ip- sissima verba " of . tlio bon. member, I must thoreforo content myself with supplying the ghost of a report. Mr.- Miles first gavo his reasons for opposing tho prosont Govornmont. Ho then proceeded (a la distance) to punch tho heads of the presont Ministry, Lilloy ex cepted Tho Honourable the Minister for Lands was (in the opinion of the meatinp), knocked into a coocked bat, and vory uncom plimentary remarks were passed anent .'se lection's on the banks of tlio Con'dbmino.' Wil. liara Miles, Esq., M.L. A., was great on tho " Additional Mbmbors'" EilU" Bo distanced this fact. The Govornmont had tried to " dodge", the. bon. member for. Drayton.aud Toowoomba by taking two wings off tho elec torate and leaving tlio eontro intuot. Tho deduction mado by Mr. Miles was. this. That < tbo Government wished to weaken tho'positibn of Mr. Groom, and that lie (Mr. M.) would not lend himself to anything in tbo shape of political jobbery. (Bfavo, Milosl) Mr.'Milea noxt adverted to the. necessity of dponing tbo lands for seloctiqn. Ho told his audience that if twenty thousand aores of his run were, re quired for selection, bo would most ohebrfully surrender tbo lot. After briefly alluding to tho Station Wages and Pastoral Rolief Bills. Mr. Miles eonoludod by saying that ho sbonla bo i most ' happy to answer any questions' that might bo put to him. ' Everybody boing satisfiod, Mr. R. J. Coltejl moved, "That tbo oloetors of tho Maranoa bavo . fall confidence in thoir representative, Mr. Miles, and that thoy coDsidorbim," &a.;, &b.; Seconded by Mr. L. Samson, and carried with' lots of cheering. ' A vote of thanks having boon accorded to .his Worship tho Mayor (Thomas .M'Ewon, Esq.,) the meeting disporsed, with drinks, i Tho wcathor is getting " mildor." 95 in opon air sbado is the last marking of tho thor- momotor. Who is tbo coming man for tbo Warrogo ? The Hon: King Arthnrrotircs. Upon whom will tbo mantlo fall ? I know. I don't live like tlio Peripatetic Philosopher, ina gaspipe, b.nt I livoin a dark lantern, and though nobody'can soo mo, I can tako a sight at overy body olso. Geary is tho man. I donV think 'he will be friondly to tho prosont -Ministry. Taking him in conjunction with our old friend Ferrett, of statistical notorioty (who intends to go in again), wo may reasonably 'conclude that tho " Opposition" will bo considerably strengthened. A caso of innro than Ordinary importanco was hoard boforo .tho magistrates- yesterday. A carrier named MjDonald struck out a road for himself across tho Euthalla run., Thq Crown tenant, W; Buohonnn, Esq.,' deter mined to test tlio carrier's right. Tho coso occupied the attention of tbo Bbnch for somo timo, nnd oveutuatcd in M'Honald being mulcted. Mr. Robert Dexter, from tho offico of Mr. Goorgo W Harris, solicitor, conducted tho caso on bohalf of tho Crown tenant. About tho neatost thing in " eases "- was hoard yesterday. A man drivon from his own lodgings, by " floas," asked, another man to lot him sleep in' a now; storo then in ooiorse of erection. After .sleeping thero for - twenty- three weeks, he had' a row with tho proprietor of tho storo. Tho sloopcr accommodated tho storekeeper with a bill for £23— ono pound per week for taking caro of tho'store at night, Tho storekocpor being " obtuse," didn't soo it, noithor did the Polico MagiBtrato, who sent tho oaso to— dismissal. ' Boma, 29th Septcmbor, 18C9. y Stdnet, October4. — Tho Chamber of Commerce' has resolved to support Mr. Fraser's project of a telegraph line to Bntavia by way of Queensland. Dr. Laug la seriously ill. A publio meeting has been convened to promoto .monthly wool sales in England. — Telegram in yesterday's Courier. Melbourne, October 4.— Tho elections nro causing great excitomcnt. It is probablo that a majority of tho Ministers will bo defeated.— Hid TnE Hion Tides in OoTOBEn.— The following letter from Lieut. Saxby appears in the Standard of the 24th J uno :— " To the Editor of the Standard —Sir— Somo months sinco you kindly admitted into your respected columns n letter from me is to coming weather in October and November next My warning lias, like a snowball, in rolling so far ns tlio Antipodes, entirely lost its originnl shape, mid, indeed, it ought to bo impossible to traconny reasonablo connection between it and an absurd paragraph which appears in tbo Ilawke's Bay (New Zealand) Herald of 26th March last, iurt received by mo. Ono would scarcciv havo eup- posed that so ridiculous a hoax could" have found its dupes. I should havo been silent wero it not' that a fow months sinco a gentleman of education in England fa man of ability in his profession! wrote to ask mo to acquaint him (for a publio purposo) as to the exact riso of tide whieh lex. pcctcd to occur on the 6th or October next. Need I say that such an opiuiou cannot bo formed by mortal man with any propriety. I really must nsk tbo great favour of your Inserting this iuttcr \ for I never nssumo to predict anything boyond extraordinary atmospheric disturbances: and I ' still declare that I hnvo long done so with ini fallible accuracy. My neighbours in Kent will remember my firm warnings as to tho weather to have boon expected on Easter Monday Inst: nor will tlio inhnbitntfts of Dover forget them. Tho Wn»"yaI1i j "J®. ro,y n,,mo occasionally ia Now Zealand nod Australia is calculated not only to damage me, hut, it oppenrs, has .become a dan gerous inconvcnicnco to tho credulous multitude whose very pardonable ignoranco of meteorology exposes thein-to oiarm. Allow me. Sir, to ngafo explain that when I speak of destructive ifun- Z\lZ S !?y, oc,?ur, on or "bout the Cth of October next, I only alludo to extraordinary ' high ides' and such . ' inundations 'as ' m»y pos- sibly in somo localities bo tho result of ex cossivo rains or storms-!n fact, from extreme atmospheric disturbances'. I havo not oven in my lists mtldo any mention of tho ,17th March, and never published or; sanctioned .tho publication of any almanacs or books of any kind in Australia: or . other foreign places, which havo so fraudulently borno my name. May I add that since the weather is acknowledged to havo been thus far so unseasonable, tins sunimor, it is precisely what I have for months wqjned Kentish farmers and others, my neighbours, against upon evorv oppor- . S1 expecting a disturbed summer liko that of. .,1 '.v ',ra W l" do well to expect especially unsett led weather about July 9 to 12; mid August 1 1- ' ?,?"? ScP'cmber 6 to 10. They and tho public will be able, from watching these periods, to estimate beforehand wbatcredcnco may bo given to my special nnd eafnost warnings ngaiost October I o and 7, and November I to 3— I luivo the honour to bo, sir, yonr obedient servant, S. M. Saxny. xavorsham, Juno 19/' 