ST. PATRICK'S DAY. On WedD.esduy the festival of Sb. Patrick- jk pkuic took place at Balmoral, Middle .Harbour., in honour of the day. Irishmen all : over the world, whether on their own green isle os .whether ? undera foreign clime, meet on thi-j-oi-- tcasi'pn to celebrate a day so dear to them. Hers: sixteen thousand oJles away from the land o.€ .our forefathers, we meet and feel the same glow of soul and warmth of heart as if we were atslE upon the green hills of Erin. F.»r many yeaMF. past, insnmen not only m Sydney but througii iout the Australiaa have kppt up the momory'of St. Patrick, and in thus celebrating their national holiday they have been met with the most kindly .feelings from their friends hailiug from EnglaocT. ?? and Scotland. Some years ago a banquet* wss»' thought to be the. most appropriate manner oil .celebrating the 17th March, subsequently a ra* gatta^.was substituted in place of banquet . and on the present occasion both of these ; tnethodshav.ebeen departed from through circtJia .stances it is here unnecessary to mention. Tte very few Irishmen who are found willing to un dertake the responsibilities attached fat; the getting, up of these annual demoai* f.tr.ations decided to hav.e a picnic, and wiUki them \ye think they acted very judiciously. !%? .carrying this out thisy of course met with: many unexpected difficulties, but, the committee having allowed nothing to interfere with theitr projects, they, were able to carry out their me rangemeat, not only to their own satidfactioKB^. tint .to that of the numerous company thatir. took part in the pic-nic. There were very maoj reasojis why the present St. Patrick's Da$ should be celebrated with satisfaction to all par ties ; for had the day been allowed to pass ubs honoured it would at once be said that Irishmen were either afraid or ashamed to put themselves.* forward in their national character, or had sac* (?.umbedi-o the difficulties that lay in their way. In the first place, the usual Government holiday was dispensed with, -r-but for this we do no% blame the Ministry — thus preventing a larga^ 'number of merchants and others frooi closing' their warehouses ; and again, the kind of secluv1 sion into which Irishmen had been forced fo^ several months past allowed . our enemies t» think that vre could not assemble as usual cub our national holiday, or, at all events,, that oos demonstration would be kept strictly to onss ? selves. Th« report of Wednesday's , proceedings has dispelled all such idle notions, for never 6m any previous celebration were f the com mitteit.- honoured with the presence of so many of t&S;- Jeading citizens of other nationalities. It was a&. first intended to invite his R »yal Highness tfca :Pnk«,f-f Edinburgh and his Excellency the Go vernor to honour the picnic with their'presenctv but' the unfortunate illness of the Countess of' Bt-lmVire precluded hia Excellency from, accept ing the .invitation, and the committee then:cort» sidered that it would be out of place to invite the. Prince, who was the gueat of the Governor. We have every reason to believe, however, tha^ .- his Royal Highness wns phased with the coura* thfi committee took, and that but for the -family affliction of his Excellency he Would have takem part in the demonstration of Wednesday.; Tin .fnrtiui.ate.ly the morning of, Wednesday opened very unpropitiously, for the rain . fhscunded kfc.' torrents, and although later in the day th®: weather moderated, yet there were several showers which kept many people . away. Th» afternoon was; prer.ty fine, but i»s the Rteamear was n.'turniiig on her last trip a steady: rain was-- . falling. This was the only, unpleasant feature' of t he day, but the excursionists having determined uo enjoy themselves, did so, notwithstanding tBus uitionyt-nience of the rain; The tirat. steamer i'.sft the Circular Quay ,ipunctually ,at ten, 'clock, having 8on'i6 hii'udred-'f.pieople «jb: hoard, as well . as . the, '.{baud: ivho. enlivened^ he trip by performing ' Honv-' s»=l«ctid3»r-,. f musie. The ..Br'a^lbane j.»(-«.amed hi- ? ween the Galatea, , aiid Himalaya- the. banC « -laying a v«rse, of '? the ? National -'Anthem* , ?md ., immediately . , .n - 1 f-r ? atrii'iri* ? ut- , 8fe.-».' Patrick'a Day iritio M-.rnitig AfiK'oiJ at-BalS**' {noral.the people set abt-ut amnsi-i-- -ii»rr*f-lv^tJ the majority taking, part ia the *iH.t»r.-?.c\vl»i!6(tIi*-; !j^6ftmerrottvrneiit-) Sythtey *-o m .bf uo nt'con&ti; trip. At this time it wn& rainiug h,-rd in tov7»«v hot «omo 250 pei eon ventured on*, (tad wererts^ ? 'warded for their courage as the weather moder. JSd aoon afterwarda. The, Ministry ^d their UK had a steamer spcciaUy chartered for ' «?n, the Hob. S. Samuel, thejlpn. W. Forater,. the Hon. D. Egan, the Hon. Robert Owen ; and Messrs. Alexander, Garrett, Hart and Phelps, Members of the Assembly. The following citi Bens were also present Messrs. Alderman Butler, Renny and Woods, Messrs. Houngan, Carroll \- ' MD J Curran.T. M'Caffery, J. Donovan, J.P., TDalton, (Orange) Kearny, O'Connor, Flanagan Madden, &c;, &. Shortly after one o'clock the luncheon laid out in a spacious marquee and provided by Compagnani, was announced and the President Sir Terence A. Murray, took the chair, Hear whom were, Messrs. Robertson, Forster, Owen, E/zan, Alexander, Hart, Burdekin and others. We may here mention that Com pagnoni gave the greatest satisfaction, having laid a .splendid table to which ample justice was ' done. As the Ministry with their supporters, had to leave early, to attead Parliamentary duties, the speeches were very short. that the health of the Queen was always received iwithas much enthusiasm in this colony as it could be in any other part of the British Empire. He could not in the presence of the daughters of Erin, and the daughters of Australia, propose it without referring with admiration to all those \- womanly virtues that made her Majesty so touch beloved and which had won for her their Warmest sympa - ' - y'. He proposed 'the Queen,' whiehwas drun'c with enthusiasm. The second toast was that of ' the Prince and Princess of WaLs,' which was also enthusiasti cally received. * The Chairman next proposed 'the health of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh.' (Long prolonged cheering.) He in common with his countrymen had hoped the Duke would ha re been amongst them on that day, and he was ?ure he would have had a'glorious ? reception from old and young, men and women. {Cheers. ) The manner in which the name was deceived must convince him that the Irish resi dents in this colony were as loyal as in any part pf her Majesty's dominions. It appeared that his Royal Highness declined all invitations to en tertainments of the character that they were then ? enjoying and perhaps under all circumstances wisely. He had paid a secound visit to this colony, a graceful act and not necessary, except to Bhow that the sad occurrence of a former visit left no unpleasant reflections behind it. He would say no more, but believe the toast would he drunk in the desire that all happiness would meet His Royal Highness in the illustrious , Career that lay before him. The toa3t was drunk amid long prolonged cheering. The next toast was that of 'his Excellency' /which waa received with customary honors. The chairman next called upon the company to fill their glasses to the brim because he was ?bout giving them the toast of the ' Ministry.' He knew that to pay his friend the Hon. John . Uobortson and hiscollesigiies were amongst them .Would in itself be received with acclamation for they were entitled to it as they had the entire ^confidence of the people of this colony. He Could say in regard to the Premier that no man could be shown to have done so much for them as he had. He had given homes in this country to some 16000 families a thing to be proud of and Which entitled him to the best wishes of all Classes. He called upon them to drink the health ,pf her 'Majesty's Ministers.' Mr. Robertson, on rising to return thanks, was received with loud and prolouged cheers. .* He assured them he hardly knew how to reply to the kind manner in which his health had been proposed and received They had drunk ftuccess to the Ministry, and he waa quite aware that on an occasion of this festive character Warmth of feeling sometimes overcame strict judgment, and perhaps more had been said for himself and colleagues than they deserved. ;T:his he would say on his own behalf and on thdt -Of the Government— that they desired to ace faithfully by the people, and if they failed, it 'Would net be in their desire to act fairly and (honestly by all men, and to the best of their ?bower to forward the true interests of the couu try. The Governmeat had a vigilant and power :fttl Opposition, ['It will soon die out.'] and this ?the country should be congratulatdd on. For_ there could be nothing worse than to be ruled by afset of men who thought they could not be {replaced. He concluded by saying that although their healths had been drunk they were in dan gar by their absence from duty, and they must go, becuse their absence might peril their posi tion- On resuming his seat he was loudly Cheered. Messrs. Samuel and Fo rater also briefly re .turntd thanks. ? The next toast was that of the ' memory of St. Patrick,' which waa drunk in solemn si 'tftnee. ? ??* The Chairman then proposed 'Fatherland,' 'Which recommended itself to those who have ?migrated to this country. They must be fami liar with the dear old native country, with its rfltroriea, its songs, and its associations, as well -§A its wrongs, which were about to be remedied. i-With the enlightenment that has come over the World, Gladstone and Bright, the apostle of tight, are by this time engaged iu ameliorating the condition of that country bo endeared to all Ul thorn. He was now far advanced in years, Ifcnd Time, with his grey signals, was reminding tfcita of the end to which we are all hastening. He oould look back more than half a century .fetid contemplate the river in which, as a boy, rfe* fished for trout, and it ia his most aoxioua ideaire thtt he may live to point oat to his son rlhe most historical spots in his fatherland. The -lo⁢ Wob drunk with applause. 'Mr. James Garvaa responded. He said the ,tf8t feeling that actuated him waa that of plea* Jlte in being called upon to respond to this toast, .feitthis pleasure was very closely allied, with ,4agr«t that it was not placed in other bands that riW (mid -W kqtts? fca fehe subject. Fatberkuad, fo j-- . ''??'. t I though briefly as it was expressed what a fund of deep,' deep thought, poetic imaginings, hopes, fears and aspirations, did it stir up within the breasts of every man and on that day more particularly within the breast of every Irishman, and in the expressions of love for his native land let no man of other nationality see in its warmth any intention to express hostility to his native land, let it be allowable for Irishmen on that day to revisit in spirit the land of his birth the green isle of the west, and if in the course of his imaginings he should wander back into the earlier history of his country, see in that alone a wish to extol all that was noble brave and virtuous in humanity and a desire to hold it up to admira tion for generations to come, and he hoped they would bear with him in any infirmity, the result of nationality,' if he too warmly eadeavoured to arouse the patriotic ardour of bis countrymen by referring them to a time in Ireland's histor}' long, Ion* ago when peace, prosperity, happiness, valor and virtue were the characteristics of the Irish race. Also to a time when Europe being sunk in ignorance and barbarism, learning and virtue flourished and were cultivated to an unpre cedented extent in Ireland, as a proof of which the renowned Charlemagne invited learned Irish men to his Court in order that they might teach his people that wisdom and virtue they learnt and practised in common with their own country men in Ireland. And as to their valor who ever doubted it, where was the foe that had not to rue it. As far back as the 5th century they gathered from authentic sources that Dathi an Irish Chieftain urged on by ambition, the crowning impulse of heroes, organised an expedition of his countrymen, landed on the N- W. coast of Gaul, overcame the native troops in several en gagements, and even the victorious legions of Rome wko possessed that country and before whom the people of every clime bound in obse quious submission, were not able to stay the on ward and victorious course of an Irish chieftain at the head of troops in whose veins flowed pure Irish Wood, and who did not owe one iota of their valor, nor he one iota of his genius or talent as a commander, to the intermingling of blood with that of any other people on the face of God's earth. Instances innumerable might be cited of Irish heroism and bravery, and even that land placed so close to us by nature and so closely allied by law has had on more than one occasion to rue the existence of la«/s that made Irishmen her enemies, and even down to the late gigantic struggle in the mighty republic of the West, the genius and chivalry of Erin's sons mnsf. materially assisted in bringing their adopted country safe through that terrible or deat. lie inignc refer to deeds in past history of the greatest heroism, most daring bravery, noble self-sacrifice, genuine hospitality, snfiflcient bo pull up any space of time, but time was limited and as he did not possess that ?wonderful flow of language to keep in pleasing trance aa audience he must endeavour to keep the subject within the limits of his capacity. Let each of them in the recollections of fatherland, of childi hood, youth or manhood a3 the case may be, endeavour to conjure up food for pleasing thoughts, and brighter hopes, for the looking to Ireland they may have to deplore the state of society there for some time pa*t, when: after years of toil and struggle to obtaia redress of grievances by peaeeable and constitutional means and seeing no gaol to their efforts some of the most fiery and and untamed spirits advocated a resort to the last extremity, the sword, and there 3an be little doubb as to the impolicy and want af wisdom in resorting to the sword in Ire'anrK yet the world should look calmly and without prejudice on the motives of many of those men — for there ia many ainan lo.-st liberty and life in ;v faithless causs and possessed nevertheless aa brave and true a heart, as nohle a soul as ever man inherited — meu who with a afcrwng arm au-l brave heart have enlisted theniiwlves in most desperate causes, me» a- nobly specimens of God's creatures aa ever trod thi« earth and becausn unsuccessful have b«en branded as men. actuated by the basest motives hr;.uid-.-d as rebels, t-ai tors and murderers. They were ali too prone to, judge of the merits or df merits of a cause by its success or otherwise .and in the words of Erin's poet Tom .Vloore to brawl a? demons those ' Whom but a-divy'a an hutir'a success Had wafted to eternal fsnv\'. In Ireland aa well aa timmyhouV'fch'e -'whole of the world there exist differentia- arising' from political national or religions cnuscw,'' i-ufc so long as lovo of country rimes triutnpi.:mt ixhove tliu petty jealousies thus aroused ho lutrwa accrues to the state wherein ta^j exjfi'c, Imt i..y so f ar a» they are carried b«?y n i thiaintVi.iti.nj oy so inuch is that state we/ik«iieri where'iii ihit'y ex'iflt. Anrt ot all those causes of ?.»i(fi'.renc'«, /elision seems to be bhc great bane of contention' wherever they are carried to a' dangerous -exl.oht— f,hafc country of hia birth, the green wte of the w«38t fair anil ?beautiful in river, tree and lake—fair amid her romantic scenery, iu taw braVwy .and hospitaliU of her sons — beautiful therefore to tho sye »f the poet and the painter, fair ia fcho. \ :-? --a of God and Man till the fell demon discord n-tnt-iully based on religiou, though, iu truth anta.u -'i»i-tiu to all its teachings came and blasted the fair beauty of all and made hate reign triumphant where peace, happiness and prosperity would otherwise have existed. Taos« who in other climes have imbibed this fanaticism of religion should forgi t it for ever in the geuial heartful climate of thi theiradopted country and neverseek to poison the. life springs of social happy intercourse by the introduction of any of those damning ingredients. And it was in the name of religion all this evil worked. But religion true religion existed be tween man and his God and ought to be held so pure bo holy and bo sacred that it should never be dragged into our everyday life. Who had ever heard of any sect of Oariatiauty being put down by oppression ? had it not rather given it the germinating power of the mustard seed. That sect to which he belonged had within the limits of British empire Buffered '{moat from per secution, for laws did once exist that made it punishable bjr death for a Catholic pritwt fto offer «p th« holy ?acrifioe of the maes and by tue' name cruol laws were tne laity prevented from being present. Then the Catholic priest repaired to the wild mountain fastness, the laity' in stealth followed, and thus the faith was .kept alive, and in that wild mountain region, 'neath the broad canopy t of heaven, they knelt and prayed in accordance with the teachings of the Catholic Church, and God, in heaven, heard their prayers ; for now, after the lapse of many years, some of the most enlightened offspring of her forraar persecutors are being every day received within its fold?. J3e quoted this not with the view of furthering the cause of any sect of Christianity, but to show that oppression never has, and never can. stamp out any religion based upon the word of God. He might cite for them numerous instances of the most disinte rested patriotism and noble self- sacrifice on the part of Protestant as well as Catholic prelates acts that have won for them the esteem and re spect of all, and has caused to die out that sense less system of persecution the fag-end of which some popularity hunting politicians have; been serving out to us a8 the wisdom of patriots, but a state of society that originated and tolera ted the existence of such a state of things had long since departed, therefore its existence here must be of a ghostly character indeed, and will find the climato, soil, and good sense of the people of New South Wales, as little congenial to its existence as did the wonderful ghost of our late Colonial Secretary. He began in Ireland, he had been wandering on till he now found himself in New South Wales, where he intended to stop, sehe again on behalf of fatherland begged to thank them for the enthusiastic manner in which they had drunk tb* toast. Mr. Garvan was greatly cheered on resuming his seat. . Mr. Denis Kearney next proposed 'the Syd ney Corporation and the Municipal Institutions of New South Wales.'. He said that the Corpo ration had done its duty, as any one could see if he walked the streets of Sydney. Wherever Municipal Institutions were established, they at once saw great improvements in the thorough fares, and any one who travelled through the country had no difficulty in finding the cities that were incorporated, by the state of the streets. He felt that Municipalities were a most necessary adjunct to the progress and prosperity of any community, especially in a young country like this, aad he invited, all to join to the toast which he had proposed. Ia the absence of the Mayor, Aldermen Renny and Butler returned thanks. Mr. J. Hourigan proposed the next toast, which was the 'Land we live in,' In a few appropriate words he spoke of the advantages which this country possessed over so many others. It was. the fiuest upon the face of the earth ; where every man, woman, and child could be happy. As tho company were no doubt an xious to return to the dance, he would simply conclude by asking them to drin'c the toast. Mr. J. G. O'Connor responded. As a native of Australia he was proud of his country which p088essedthericbest mines, the finestharbour, and was the best field for an honest man to get on in the world. After a few further remarks eulo gistic of the ' Land we live in'! he resumed his seat amidst applause. The next toast wa3 that of Lady Belmore and the Ladies of the colony which was proposed by Mr. W. Dolman and responded to by Mr, P.: Hourigan. Dr. Carroll proposed the 'Press.' which was responded to by Mr. Reeve of the Herald and Mr. Murray of the Empire. The health of the chairman brought the pro gramme of toasts to an end after which the com pany separated. A3 thej weather was now ? fine a' little out door amusement was indulged in,1 foot- ball, I quoits, and cricket, but the most attractive sport was the dance, a programme of twenty two dances having been gone through under the supervision of Mr. Hollingdale who kindly undertook the duties of master of cere monies. Towards dark the steamer bell announced the time of departure and shortly after seven o'clock the company were all landed safely on the Circular Quay after Bpending one of the most pleasant celebrations of St. Patrick's Day ever undertaken in this colony. There was not a single incident the whole of the day to require the inttrference of the stewards. '. ? ? 