A° ^-r:' -SPECTRAL ILLUSIONS. ' I ? ? €- ? I : In the semi conscious state between sleeping and waking, somnambulism and otherphysical de ceptions often lend their aid to the formation ol phantoms. The case of the vision which haunted a merchant vessel engaged in the Lisbon trade communicated by the master to Sir Walter Scott, is a striking instance of this : — 'The ship was lying in the Tagus when one of the crew was murdered by a Portuguese assassin, and a report arose that the ghost of the slain man haunted the vessel. Sailors are generally superstitious, and those of my friend's vessel be came unwilling to remain on board the ship ; and it was probable they might desert . rather than return to England with the ghost for a passenger. To prevent so great a calamity the captain de termined to examine the story to the bottom. He soon found that, though all pretended to have seen lights and heard noises, and so forth, the weight of the evidence lay upon the state ment of one of his own mates, an Irishman and a Catholic, in other respects a veracious, honest, and sensible person whom Captain S — — had no reason to 3uspect would wilfully deceive him. He affirmed to Captain S ? , with the deepest obtestations, that the spectre, of the murdered man appeared to him1 almost nightly, took him from his place in the vessel, and; according to his own expressions, worrier! his life out. He made these communica tions with a degree of horror which in timated the reality of his distress and apprehen sions. The captain, without any argument at the time, privately resolved to watch the motions^ of the ghost-seer in the night. As the ship- bell struck twelve the sleeper started up, with a ghastly and disturbed countenance,' and. lighting a candle proceeded to tbe galley, or cook- room, of the vessel. He sat down with his eyes open, staring before him as on some teirible object' which he beheld with horror, yet from which he could not withhold his eyes. After a short - space he rose, took up a tin can or- decanter, filled it with water, muttering to himself all i the while — mixed salt in the water, and spriuk led it about the galley. Finally, he sighed deeply, like one relieved of a heavy burden, and, returning to his hammock, slept soundly. ; On the next morning the haunted man told the usual precise story of his apparition; with the additional circumstance that the ghost had led him to the galley, but that he had fortunately he know not how, obtained possession of some holy water, and succeeded in getting rid of his unwelcome visitor. The visionary was then in formed of the real transactions of the night, with so many particulars as to satisfy him he had been the dupe of his imagination.; be acquiesced in his commander's reasoning, and the dream, as often happens in these . cases, returned ho more after its imposture had been detected.' As a parallel to this. we may cite a case which has quite recently fallen under our own observa tion. A young English lady had been betrothed to an officer before his departure for the East. During her lover's absence she was taken abroad by her mooher, and on their arrival late ©ne evening at a French inn they found it necessary to occupy rooms on different floors. . As Miss C ? was in the act of gettiug into bed late at night she suddenly beheld the form of her lover ' standing in a remote corner of her chamber. I His countenance was extremely sad, and she observed that round his right arm he wore a band of crape. Indignant at the conduct of her betrothed in entering her sleeping apartment, ' she called on him loudly to depart ; the form of her lover remained speechless, but ; as she lifted up her voice his brow grew yet sadder, and as he glided silently out of the room .he seemed'' a prey to the gloomiest feelings; ., After , a. time Miss C — -- summoned up: sufficient tcourageto descend to her mother ami recite her adventure.' They caused diligent search to' be' made for; the returned officer, but without -success, .Nor could the smallest trace, of him :be afterwards dis covered. Several weeks later the young': lady, received the news, of her lover's death in agene- i ral action in India. .... . ,, , i A yet more striking example of the power of imagination— which . in this instance killed the sufferer — is afforded by the.' case of an eminent lawyer. In the course of his profession as a physician, a gentleman was summoned to attend a sufferer to whom no previous medical adviser could afford the smallest relief. The patient, we understand, occupied a.. high posi tion as a lawyer, and his duties afforded con siderable scope for the exercise of high intelli; gence, good sense and integrity. ' The sufferer's , conduct had always been marked by a display of these qualities, and at the time ;of the new physician's vi^it, though confined to his chatn: , ber and sometimes even . to his ' bed, ..lie | continued to v transact the business of his i office with zeal and. intelligence. To a casual observer there was nothing in his manner or appearance, if we except a settled gloom in his features, that could suggest the idea of a man seriously affected, yet an entire want of ap petite, extreme despondency, and much general debility seemed to argue some hidden cause which the patient was resolved to conceal. The physician, a man of sense and benevolence, intieh distressed by the spectacle of the sufferer, was iuduced to adopt a particular course to pro secute his inquiries ; he visited in order the vari ous friends and relatives of the dying man — for dying he was — and urged them to tell him the ex act position of his patient, in order, if possible, to discover the , secret springs of his malady. The persons thus, appealed to denied all knowledge of any causo for the burthen which obviously afflicted their relative. The character of the sufferer precluded the idea of his having cornniiLtecl any serious crime— nor could it bo' supposed that at his age he was entangled in love. His worldly affairs were prosperous, and no death in the fa mily had occurred which could give rise to his apparent sorrow. This : inquiry having , thus failed, the physician determined, as a lustre source, to try the effect of an argument w.itli the patient himself. He urged to him. the extreme folly of devoting himself to a liugeriug death rather than open his heart to his friend. He specially pressed upon him that by retaining, the secret the sufferer was leaving to the uuchari; table the inference that he, was in the pangs of remorse; and that nob only would ho leave be-: hind him a dishonoured name, but a memory ajso which would bV hateful to his relatives. ^These appeals at length produced the desired ef fect, and the patient expressed his wish to speak frankly and confidentially to his 'medical ad-; Viser. The chamber was cleared, the door se cured, and the sufferer made a confession .which we shall give in his own wouls :— ' 'You cannot, my dear friend, be more con scious than I that I am in, the course of dying .under the oppression of the fatal disease which ?consumes my vital powers; 'bub ?neither can you understand the mature of my complaint and the manner in which it ac.tsl upon me,, nor, if you .did, Lfear,. could your, zeal aud skill avail to rid ? me 'of- it.' '?' It is quite possible,' leplied the doctor, 'that. I may not be as able -*s I am willing to, serve you, yet medical ait, has many extraordinary, resources, which -the uninitiated . in her mysteries cannot imagine. But until you : tell me your story I cannot serve you.' 'f I may answer you, answered the patient, - ' that my race is not. a singular one, sinca we read of it in ; the famous novel of 'Le Sage.' You remember doubtless, the . disease of ; which the D like d'Olivarez is there stated to have died.?'-; 'Yes, ' said the physician. ' He was haunted perpetu ally by the idea of an apparition, to whose real existence he gave no credit bufe.died neverthe less, because he was overcome and; heartbroken by its imaginary presence.' 'I, my dearest doctor,' said the sick man, ' am in that very case; and. so painful and abhorrent is . tli'o pre sence of the persecuting vision that my reason is totally inadequate to combat the effects of my morbid imagination, and I am seusible I am dying, a wasted victim to imaginary .disease.'' The physician listened with interest to his pa | tient's statement, and with considerable tact ! avoided in the commencement all. reference to i treatment, contentiug himself with!, in quiring the nature of the apparition, and how so vigor ous an understanding could time a prey to so morbid a fancy : — ' '' My visions,' he said, 'commenced two or ? three years since, when I found: inyself- from time co time embarrassed by the presence of a ; large cat which came. and disappeared I could not ' exactly tell how, till the truth was fiiiaiU\ forced . upon me, and I was compelled to regard it as: no i domestic household cat, but as a bubble of the 1 elements which had no existence save iiiiny de ranged visual organs or depravcdVimagiuatipn. Still, I had not that positive, objection .:.--to, the animal entertained by a late gallant Highland chieftain, who has been seen to change to all the colours of his own plaid, if a cat'by accident hap | pened to be in the room with hi viiy even though he did not see it. On tho contrary, 1 am hither a friend to cats, and endured with so much equanimity the presence of my imaginary. atten- dant that it bar become: almost indifferent to me; when, within the course of a' few months, it gave place to, or wa* succeeded by, a spectre of a more important sort, or which had, at least, a more imposing appear auce. This was no other than the apparition of a gentleman-usher, dressed as if ta wait upon a Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, or upon any other person who: bears : on his ! brow the rank and stamp of delegated 'authority.- This, personage, i arrayed in a,- ;Co'urt dress,- with bag »nd,sword, tamboured' waistcoat, -and.,chapeaubras, glided beside me1 like .'the ghost ;of Boau Nash, and, whether in my ; own house or in another, ascended the stairs before me as if to anaouueo me in the diawiug-ropin ; and at uoum times ap peared to mingle with, the company, though ite was sufficiently evident that they were not aware of his presence, and that I alone was sensible of . the visionary honours which this imaginary, being seemed desirous to render me. This ??? freak of fancy did not produce much impres sion on me though it led me to entertain, doubts on the nature of my disorder, and ilarm for the effect it might produce upon, my intellects. But the modification of my disease also had its appointed duration. After: a few months the phantom of the gentleman usher was seen no more, but was succeeded by one horrible to the sight and distressing to the imagination, being no other than the image of death itself -the apparition of a skeleton. Alone or in company,' said the. poor invalid, ' the pre sence of this last phantom never quits me. I in. vain tell myself a hundred times over it is no reality, but merely an image summoned up by the morbid acuteness of my own excited.imagiua tion, and derauged organs of sighh. But what avail such reflections while the era Mem at once and presage of mortality is befoce my eyes, and while 1 feel myself, though iu fancy only, the ? companion of a phantom, representing a ghastly inhabitant of the; grave, even while 1 yet breathe on earth? Science, philosophy, even religion,, has no cure for such a disorder ; and I feel too- ? surely, that I shall die avictim to so tnelaucholyv a disease, although I have no belief whatever irtv the reality of the phantom which it places be fore me. ' ' ' - ' ' ' ?;; The physician was rauck distressed on seeing, how firm ahold the phantom described had ao \- quired on his patient's imagination. With muck-. ingenuity ho questioned the sufferer concerning; the circiiinsfcances connected with this appearance, . and endeavoured to prove to him by an appeal to good sense the folly of deserting his reason* and so to lead him successfully to combat this; fantastic disorder :- — ''This skeleton, then,' said he, ? seems tft you to be always present to your eyes ?' ' It is* my fate, unhappily,' answered the invalid^ 'always to see it.' ' Theu, I understand, 'eor- tinued the physician, it is now present to yousr imagination V ' To my imagination it certainly is so,' replied the sick man. ' And in what parfc ?- of the chamber do you now conceive the appari tion to appear ? the physician inquired. ' Infc mediately at the foot of my bed, when the cur tains are left a little open,' answered the invalid;,-. ' the skeleton, to my thinking, is placed between* them, and tills the vacant space.' ' You say you;, are seusible of the delusion,' said his friend j. ' have you firmuess to aonvince yourself of the. truth of this ? Can you take courage enough fce» ? rise and place yourself in the spot so seeming t©- ? be occupied, and convince yourself of the illa. sion ?' The patient heaved a sigh and shook his head. ' Well,' continued the physician, 'was will try the experiment otherwise.' Accordingly he rose from his chair by the bedside, and. placing himself between the two half drawn:, curtains at the foot of the bed, indicated as that position of the phantom, inquired whether the-- ? apparition were still visible. ' Not entirely &o;£' replied the patient, ' because your person is be twixt him aud me ; but I observe his skull peei? ing above your shoulder.' ' The doctor, despite his philosophy, made an: ..-. involuntary start on receiving this circumstantial information of the proximity of the spectre ta- his own person. With unfliching determinatioBj,. however, he resorted to other remedies, but without success. The sufferer sank deeper every day iuLo dejection, and not long afterwards h«i died in the same distress of mind in which h& had lingered on through the closing years of hia . melancholy life. Tn such cases as these — aact^ there is every reason to believe that they sw& commjn among persons of a certain temperamenfc — it is evideut taat the sufferer in oue souse really sees the phantasm, a phenomenon which, in at-. rude society and among communities where tha- 'religious seutimeut is ascendant, is naturalFgr., enough referred to the operations of demons andL. departed spirits. — limes. 