BLAOKWOOD, FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, (Before C, Shuter, Esq,, P.M., and . E. Baber, Esq., J.P.) J..& G. Shaw v. Melrose. Debt-ll is. Id. Order for amount, and 5s. costs, Dunn v. Vigor. Mr, Miller. for complainant, Summons for trespass. C. Dunn sworn, stated that he has a house and garden near Golden Point, occupied by Dr. Plews, and that the defendant's pigs broke down the fence and damaged his property. 0\. Dunn, junior, stated that on the 28th Decem. ber he saw ten pigs belonging to Vigor in his father's garden; drove them down to Vigor, told him they were his and that he had to pay 10s, for the damages; left the pigs there, Dr; Plows stated that the garden was enclosed, but the fence was broken. Mr. Vigor stated that he recollected the pigs being brought home, but no demand was ever made. Received a notice from Dunn, but no demand was made. Dismissed. M'Ginnis v. Delany, No appearance, Phipps v. Price, No appearance, Beer Licences were granted to Mrs. Hudson, George Williams, and George Shaw, WARDEN'S COURT, Shaw and others v. P. Williams, Mr. Miller for the defendant. Summons for encroachment, W. Shaw deposed that he took out the claim since his bankruptcy, and holds it under Miner's Right. Williams has built upon it, and they only want nominal damagcs to prevent further en. croachient. The case settled out of Court, necessarily high admission fee (2s. 6d.), the atten* dance at the Mechanics' Institute was remarkably good, the room being full, but not crowded. The programme was as follows:--" Sevon Ages of an," As You Like It; "HIubert and Arthnlur,' King John; "Clarence's Dream," Richard III,; " Queen Mab," Romeo and Juliot; "The Church yard Scene," Iamlet; " The Bolls," Peeoo; "The Vulgar Boy," Ingoldsby; " Mary's Ghost," Hlood; "Shamus O'Brien," Lavenu. The perfeation of treatment which these several pieces received from Mr. Mont romory was really wonderful, and we are snre that high as the expectations wore of those who had not previously hoard this accom plished elocutionist, they must have boon sur prised and delighted with his every effort. In addition to the exquisite modulation of a very beautiful voice, Mr. Montgomory was most realistic in the dialogue scones from "King John" and " Hamlet," The transitions from one speaker to another were managed with a celerity only to be acquired by long practice and study. The ",Chlurchyard Scene" was in this way better managed than it often is on the stage, for all the charactors were made to speak in a manner which would serve as a model for actors who essay those parts. Of course, the poem of "The Bells," which will over be associated with Mr. Montgomery's name in this colony, was expected to be a groat treat, and so it was. We cannot praise this effort highly enough, without being considered too "gushing;" but this tribute has already boon paid by the metropolitan journals, therefore we esLeno the danger of being accused of flattery. Each succeeding selection seemned to be better than its predecessor, and the humorous pieces of the " Little Vulgar Boy," " Mary's Ghost," and an addition to the programme of " Don Battle," were all rendered so as to command the greatest admi ration. The concluding piece (" Shamus O'Brien") was different from all the others, inasmuch as it required to be given with a correct Irish brogue, otherwise its pathos would be entirely destroyed, and its humour more burlesque. Mr. Mont gomdry succeeded as well in this as in the other items of the programme, therefore he clearly excelled himself. On the whole, such a pleasurable entertainment has seldom, if over, been presented to the public of Bacchus Marsh; and the Comn mittee of the Institute are deserving of gratitude for having taken the risk of catering for the public in such a way that the remembrance of the performance cannot fail to be a valuable possession to all who attended it. Mr. Montgomery inti mated that it was highly probable he should appear in Bacchus Marsh again on his way back to Melbourne after his present tour. We believe it is likely lie will visit Blackwood, and possibly also Ballan, in about a fortnight's time, and we would advise the residents in those places to concert measures for his engagement for one evening. 