T'I debate on the new Land Bill shows that the principal point of contention is the extent of the powers to be exercised by the Minister of Lands; and there is but little doubt that some modification of them will have to be submitted to by the Ministry. A proposal has been made that the deliberations of the Board of Lands shall be open to the publio and the Press. This would be better than absolute secresy, but we do not thihk it would meet the requirements of the case thoroughly. The quantity of business to be transacted would prevent anything like a full detail of the proceedings being made public in the newspapers; indeed, little more than the decisions of the Minister could be announced even to tih attondant public. Besides which, the avenues to the Land Office would still be in the hands of the class of persons who have, under the present law, made it their business to communicate between selectors and the officials of the Department. We believe that a change is wanted in the system by which the Miimster of Lands acquires information on which to base his decisions, We are willing to admit that, to enable him to put bonafido settlers on the land, he must have discretionary powers beyond the overruling of the Supreme Court, but we think Parliament should say that he must not exorciso those powers according to reports sent in to him by poli tical supporters, as is the caso at present. It is utterly impossible that Mr. GRANIm can have a personal acquaintance with all the circumstances attending each individual selector's case. He, no doubt, gives what ever decision may be required of him accor ding to the statements of his leading subor dinates, who glean their knowledge from members of l'rliament chiclly, who, in turn, havo correspondenco with somo leading constituent in each township of their dis trict. We need scarcely dwell upon the evil effects of such direct political inlluenco upon selectors. A recent caso in poit, which occurred in Bacchus Marsh, should nowover I be quoted, as it illustrates most clearly what i we thiuk could easily be avoided without ( dopriving Mr, GuA?A' of any power honestly 1 needed to settle suitable people )upon the I lands. A short time back, when irrigation was the topic of the day in Bacchus Marsh, I Mr. MICHAEL CONnELL desired to buy at auction a piece of 42nd clause land which he had anu interest in. An opponent of his in i the Road Board, 31r. J3EiEMIfl. RTX, J desired the Board to oppose this sale on the i ground that the land would probably be required for reservoir purposes. Mr. CoN- I NELL, fearing that his land would be with drawn from sale, went to Mr. YouNG, who has acted as agent for the Government in this district for many years, and besought his influence to get the land sold, offering in return to support that gentleman's views on irrigation. WYe are informed that this com. pact was agreed to. However, shortly before the day of sale, Mr. CONNELL became aware that his land was to be withdrawn. On seeking an interview with some official at the Lands Office be found that such was the case, and that the reservation had been made on the recommendation of Mr. YoUNG. Mr. CoNNrEL then made certain representations to some other official, and promised, we believe, that the land in question would be given up on payment to himun of costs out of pocket, should it be required for public purposes. The embargo upon the sale was then withdrawn, and the lot duly put up for auction and sold, without, so far as we are aware, Mr. GIIANT knowing anything about it. We have preferred to give the names in this recital, because the incident has been freely talked of for some time, and we see no reason for adding to whatever mystery there may be in it. Now, we think a'remedy for a repetition of such a. mode. of making " proper representations" to the Lands Office would be to constitute every Court of Petty Sessions a tribunal before which evidence could be given as to the conduct of any selector, including within this phrase the whole of his acts of commission or omission; evidence could also be taken as to the advi sability of selling certain lands, and the value thereof. In fact, any local information which the Minister might require could be obtained by a letter addressed to the Bench, instead of to some private individual, as at present. The Minister of Lands objects to a proposal somewhat like this, because he fears the Justices are politically or otherwise biassed. 'We might indulge in a small homily upon the absurdity of trusting them with any judicial powers at all if their honour is estimated at so low a rate, but we prefer to simply point out that the publicity given to the proceedings in the Court would be a great check upon that; besides which, the functious of the Bench would simply be to transmit evidence to the Minister of Lands upon which he could base his decision. The details of the plan would provide the mode and days of hearing, and should also include machinery to enable any one of the public to make complaint before the Court of the infringement by any selector of the prin ciples of the Act. Tui meeting' of the Bacchus Marsh Road Board on Saturday last was probably as unruly as it is possible for the proceedings of a body constituted by Act of Parliament to be, Each member was more or less to blame for this unsatisfactory conduct, but the principal culprit was Mr. JOHN CONNELL, who fairly shamed even his counsellor and friend, Mr. JEREMIAH RYAN, by his clownish absurdities and astonishing imbecility of pur poso. The Chairman was also greatly to blame for much of the unseemliness of the debates, He was far too passive, and did not give his rulings so promptly as to remove all ground for suspicion that lie was uncertain what lie was about. It is true that Mr. JoHN CONNELL'S unprecedented blundering was enough to dismay and disconcert any Chair man, but allowing for this we must still advise Mr. G. GRANT that the Board requires to be ruled with greater strictness if these ludicrous scenes are to be prevented in future. It is satisfactory that amid so much that was reprehensible in form the substance of the Board's proceeding's should be worthy of ap proval. They daid two right things in a wrong way. The motion that the openinog of the Gisborno to Blackwood road be approved of by the Bacchlius Marsh Board on condition that tie Gisborne Board assist in getting a main road proclamation for the rest of the road on to Geolong, is a fhr wiser decision than the one which Mr. RYAN sought to have recorded on the minute book; and thIe ap pointment of IMr. STANDFIELD as sole officer to the Board was also a judicious proceeding except as regards salary. We think tlhat, to begin with, .£00 per annum, instead of £225, would have been fair to all parties. However, the recipient of tihe larger salary will probably make more strenuous eftbrts to deserve the liberality of the Board than lie would have done had hlie felt that he had boon dealt with in a niggardly spirit. We do not coincide with the feeling of MIr. ANDERSON and his followers that tihe question of appointment of officers should hlave been postponed until the next meeting. We do not see what would have beeoon gained by it, while iMr. STAND FIELD would have beeoon kept in suspense for a month, unaware of the intentions of the Board towards him, and hlie would probably have lost the month's insight whiich the assistance of Mr. I-IAnnoRD will give him of his now duties, as Surveyor. We think the desire to delay the appointment for a month arose from a feelin' of vexation at the stubbornness of the majority of the members in holding out for the full salary of ,£225, We must say that the five members of the Board who generally acnot in concert, and who form a majority, do not exercise their power in the most conciliatory spirit possible, and it is not surprising tlhat the minority should at times seek to enforce those vexatious powers possessed by a minority such as leaving the meeting without a quorum. Returning to thIe subject of the Gisborne to Blackwood road, we confess to being extremely puzzled as to whether the Gisborne Board can construct the portion of that road which runs through tihe Bacchus Marslh territory, and there seems to be an absence of power under the present law to get that road transferred to Gisborno ; and then if it was made the boundary between the two districts, as the Act contomplates, each Bourd wv'ould be jointly responsible fbr its main toinance. Tlhe Bucchus Marsh Board will not le justified in spending one penny of its funds upon thiat naod until it derives a revenue liofrom lhind abutting upon it, we thorefobre trust the members will canroiefully seeoo what teby are about before consenting to the a sueof the inii road proclamation. Lvokly, til two Boards interested are nagreod tlid th road shhall be opened, and tIt c0R0 hi arsh lhard shell not be put to any ,:n u.o ini reg'ril to it. It only remains, nueresuce, LU matter lega!ised by the Commissioner of Roads, and if he finds that he cannot meet the justice of the case while the law remains as at present, there is ample time to get the Local Government Bill, now before the Legtis lative Council, altered so as to confer the power wanted. It seems that we misapprehended the meaning of Mr. Awa'nsoEs's remark at a former meeting of the Board, "that he did not beliove in paying ls. when Od. would do." We are glad to find thant he does not approve of the striking of a Ninepennly rate instead of a Shilling one. IT will be seen from our report of the Ballan Shire Council meeting that Cr. OsnoRNE ghas resig'ned his seat as one of the representatives of the West Riding. The circumstance is worthy of notice because the Council thought fit to pass a resolution complainin of the terms in which Cr. OsnORNE COuched iS letter of resignation. We notice, too, that the Ballarat Courior has a paranraph on the snubject which conveys a totally wrong inm pression. It is there stated that out of a revenue of £600 obtained firom the West Riding the Council lhas only expended .£59 this y'ear, and it was because Cr, OSBORNE could not obtain the expenditure of an addi tional £70 tlhat he resmned. iNow, in no Shire in the colony is tle principle of sub divisional expenditure more rigidly carried out than in Ballan-for the past two or three years at anyrate; and the West Riding has lately had a deal of money spent in it, We cannot exactly state the amount, but we know that a very small balance remains to its credit, and that balance was considered by the whole Council to be due to a portion of lthe division other than that which Cr. OsnoRNE's motion on Monday referred to. We must unhesi tatingly say that Cr. 08sORNE'S motion was not one which the Council would have been justified in passing in the face of the facts pointed out by Cr. BLAKE-that his portion of the Division had not only unformed roads, but they were uncleared, whereas Cr. 0snons was no.t content with getting a road cleared and formed this winter but he wanted it oravelled as well. Not many meetings back rs. Osnomrn and Mi'PuRnsoN (the col len?ues of Cr. BLAKE in the representation of taile West Riding) promised that they would not spend any more of the proportion of revenue due to the Riding until Cr, BLAKE had received his share. 'These facts show, we think, that Cr. OsBoRNE acted without pro vocation in resigning Iris sent because his motion was rejected; but if it is true that, as we have been informed, lie told some mem bers of the Council, before the meetin' commenced, that lie intended to resign lits seat, owing to his removal to Ballarnt, then his conduct is uilost disingenuous-trying to make himself a martyr in thle eyes of his constituents at the expense of the Council, a body whose reputation lie was bound to preserve against the ill-will which ratepayers are too ready to feel towards the local body disbursing' their rates. It may be that mltholigh he came to the meeting fully intend ing to-resign his seat, yet hlie honestly thought thie rejection of his motion justified him in markino his protest against tIhe action of the Councilby alleging it to be the cause of his resignation. Appearances, however, are nagainst him, and the publio will be apt to think that if he wished to leave the Council (of which we must say he has been a thoroughly able member) in good odour, he could not have done a worse thin-. than show ill-temper because the Council wolld not abet him in doing an injustice to a portion of his own Riding. The Council acted unwisely, we think, in passing the motion it did accepting Cr. OsnoRNE's resignnation, That g'entleman manifested undignified pettishlness in his letter of resignation, but it was more excusable in him, as an individual, than an exhibition of petulance, in return, by the whole Council, consisting of several individuals, The Bacchus Marsh, &e;,, Society's Ploughing Match will take place on Thursday next. Full particulars are given elsewhere. We remind our readers that thIe Gieborne Ploughing MIatch takes place on Thursday, on Mr. Barnicot's farm, about half-a.milo south of Gisborno on the M.elbourno road. There are four prizes in the first class, amounting to £22. The second class prizes are likewise four in number, and amount to all. For best crown and best finish, .1 each are offered. Since the prize list was published MIr. Tweddle has offered a prize of £1 to the winner of any prize in class A who will do without any assistance whatever after starting. This is a good idea for rewarding honest overy. day ploughing, as opposed to mere fancy work. Popular Readings will be held in the Bacchus Marsh MIechanics' Institute on Monday, 21st inst. Mr. W. Andorson announces a sale at ~elton for Monday, 21st inst., at which farmers can bring forward any stock they may wish to dispose of. The weather has been fine for the farmors for a month or more past, and especially during the week. The season is unusually mild, the absence of frosts being almost unprecedented. More rain is still wanted to set the river Werribee flowing, but what we have been favoured with is ample for present vegetation. From all we can hear, Sbarley is largeoly sorn around Bachus Mlarsh this I season. The Revo,. John Garlick having beeoon ppointed to tlhe parochial distriot of Bacohue Marsh and Molton will hold divine servico in Trinity Church, Bacchus Marsh, to-morrow, at 11 a.m. and 7 p.m., and in the Mechanics' Institute, Melton, at 3 p.m., This gentleman is a son of the Reov. Mr. Garliek who was at Gisborno a short time back. Hie has not hitherto hold a separate charge, but was reader for the Rev. MIr. Vance at Kynoton, and is now in deacon's orders. It would be rather im I pertinent for us to make any comment as to his abilities, but we trust the members of the Church will assist him in overy way to uphold his position. We may add that eithecr Bishop Perry, or the Dean of MIolbourne, will shortly visit Bacchlus MIarsh. The Rev. W. Henry Cooper will hold his last service in this district to-morrow afternoon, at 8 So'clock, in Christ Church, Myrniong. At a sale of Crown lands to be hold in Me.l Sbourno on 6th July, there will be offered:-Parish Sof Gisborno, adjoining the Cricket ground, at the site of the Agricultural Showyards; upset price, £I2 10s. per acre; allotment 17, Sa,.; one month 3 allowed to remove improvements. On the Parwan Croeek, one mile south.east of the village of Rtowsloy; upset price, £1 per acre; allotment GA, section 13, 23a, 4p. MIessrs. David Dale Bower, Poter Watson Train, Hutchison Ralph Allan, Alexander Hardie, Sand MIalcohnlm Cameron, are gazetted trustees of the land sot apart; for Presbyterian Church b purposes at Mcorrimu. ' Sergeant E. B. Tydd is gazettod Clork of the County Court and Potty Sessions at Gisborno. The Government have not yet appointed a Deputy Registrar of Births and Deaths for Iacclhuns Marsh. This seems to be a strange oversiglht. At a meeting of the Myrnionmg Lodge of Odd Sfollows on the 10th inst. thie following brothron were nominated for the Vice.chair for the onsuing three months--G. Grant, J. Itedding, anmd W, Rennio. The election will take [plac on the 24ith. At a Crown lanuds sale at Geolong on 16th Juli there will be offered the 42nd soction block of MIr. E. Dullard, T'renthaun; alnd the 42ud section bloc, of Mr. P.. l. Sinclair, Tylden, With reference to ne scsnuoveOr o Mue boy of a woman in a sack, in Sydney, particulars to hand of the inquest show that deceased and another prostitute were in the company of several men on he night of the murder. One of thie mren quar. rellod with deceased, and struck her with stones and a stick. He then left her. Tho other wonmu *otired to a distant kerbstone, whoro she says she had a sinoko and watched the man with a coan. panion come back and place deceased's body in u bag, into which they had great difliculty in crush. nug it. The second man then ran away, and the nurderer came to this woman and got her to assist him to carry the bag to a small lane, where t was found. The following mining leases will be granted at ,he expiration of one month from 4th June: Ballarat-II. Constable & Another, "Achilles Quartz Mining Company" Simmons Reef, Black. wood; " Black Horse Quartz Mining Company," Egerton. We have received from the proprietors of the Weehly Dispatch, the woll-known London paper, a copy of that journal, It is now reduced in price to twopence, and is a good paper enough, but it is. but the ghost of its former self, before the penny dailies, and the advance of Liberalism, took the wind from its sails. Nevertheless it is a wonder. fully good papor, although we are not prepared to vouch for the statement in a circular letter accom. panying it, that it is the largest as well as cheapest London weeokly. The Australian purchaser of four of these papers would probably find them prefer. able to even the Home News or European Mail, and the cost, we believe, would be the same. But for particulars as to that we refer our readers to Messrs. Gordon & Gotch, Melbourne. Perhaps it is significant of the increased attention now beinr paid to Victoria in England that the proprietors of the Dispatch seek to increase its circulation in this colony. It will be noticed in the items of news by the European Mail that a sum of £3,500 has been placed upon the Imperial estimates to reimburse the Duke of Edinburgh for presents made by hism in Australia. This proposal is viewed withi great indignation by the home and Colonial Press. W1o can scarcely believe that His Royal Highness has been consulted in this matter. If he has his meanness is most detestable. His charities or presents were very trifling, while the gifts he roeceived were of far greater value than .£3,500; to say nothing of the sums lavished upon his recep tion and general amusement. Besides all this li? has an annuity of £15,000 per year voted by the House of Commons; his naval pay; and no doubt some share of the revenues of the Duchy of Coburg, of which he is heir presumptive. Nearly two tons and a half of rabbits arrived in Melbourne by train from Geelong on Saturday night. The Ago repoyts a break-up of an arrangement amongst Melbourne soft-g6ods houses as to credit, and the result is that goods can now be had at nine months credit. The Rov. Charles Claric, the new Baptist minis. ter, has commenced a series of sermons in the Theatre Royal, owing to the Albert street Chapel, where he officiates as co-adjutor of the Rev. Isae, New, being too small to hold the crowds who come to hear him in the evening. The congregatic - of the Rev. W. Henderson's (Presbyterian) Church, Ballarat, is divided in opinion as to the propriety of singing an anthem at each service. The matter is likely to cause the resignation of the minister. The Melbourne Corporation are about to issue licenses to men to act as porters, George Burns, lately a clerk in the Commercial Bank, Melbourne, and whose father is believed to be wealthy, is now in custody upon charges of forgery amounting in the whole to nearly £2,000, \- The Vale soirds at Ballarat on Monday evening was not so successful as had been expected. Very few members of Parliament assembled, although a host of apologies were sent. A portion of the Criterion Hotel, Melbourne, was burnt on Monday. The damage is estimatel at £1,000, but is fully covered by insurance. The fire is supposed to have originated in the shingle roof owing the some defect in the chimneys. The Presbytery of Macedon and Werribeo met at Gisborne on Tuesday. We have not room this week for a full report of the proceedings. It irs reported that the Blackwood district was unable at present to guarantee its proportion of the lerv. Mr. Rattray's stipend, and the Revs. J. Scott and Meek were appointed to visit Blaekwood, and fur. thor report. Mr. Scott will preach in the Oddfel. lows' Hall, Golden Point, on Sunday evening, . 20th inst. 