HERE BAXDMAXX AS HAMLET. Herr Ban^saan c6mtnt-neeu hU Eonnfl ol Snafcespoarian character* on S.UrtrJay nigu., when ho played Hamlot fo a hoaio qaito as crowded as that by which he was received on his appoaranno as Naroies?. A considerable amount of cariosity had prevailed among play goers as to tha minuer ia which ho woald treat tho character, and the porformauco wa» watched on Saturday with a critical atten tion which mu»t have plaosd the player thoroughly on his mettle. Ia forming a judgment cpon Herr Bindrcann'a imperso nation of tho Princo of Da^mirk, thero are two considerations which should be borne in mind. Tho ona is, that tho part ia conceived from a national point of view to whioh we are strangers ; and the other, that the actor portrays emotion according to models taken frosa elsowhero than among ourselves. Herr Bandmann playi tho Girman Hamlet, and iis novelty is apt to ratsi a cloud of preju dice, which is not soon diasipatod.and which j bliudsus for a time to its merit. But if the per forator bo closely watohed, tho unity of hia conception, and tlio minute iileluy with which ho executes it, can hardly fail to ba appreciated ; and wo werensither surprised with the half-hoarted applauso of the audienca at tho cncl of the urat act, nor with their enthusiasm at the end of tfco the third. Many of Herr Bandmaan's novel ties, or those of his nchoo!, to which tho audience were introduced on the presont ocoa sion, whioh seemed at tbe firs! view captious, or perhnp3 bronght in for claptrap effijot, eb.owed thomeelves, oa a moment's raflection, to bo pregnant with meaning. Others were allow able pieces of stage- artifice, which heightened tho improB8ivenes« of the scene in a material degree. Dnring tha dinloguo between Hamlet and the Ghost on tho cattle platform, the rays of the moonlight were made to glanco upon tho horror-stricken princo'a face with an effect which was perfectly natural eai gave au appropriate n-cirduets to tho scene. In the closet scene, the Ghost emerged from tbo picture of tho usurper which Hamlet was con templating at the time with an intensity of hor ror, and which might well ba sappoBed, in the disordered stito of his wind, to bring, with a revulsion of feeling, the spectral n'gare of his father before him. The audience were im mensely taken with this startling device, and the theatro rang with applause. Taming from mechanical pieces of cleverness to tho intrinsic excellence of aoting upon which a ptayor who un derliakos Hamlot must rely, wa find tlerr Baod mauu more than satisfactory in all the strong situations, aad in somo vory effective. In thafirBt 8ceuo with tho Ghost (hi excessive emotion under which Hamlet labored was powerfully de picted, and the address to the players displayed to groat advantage Horr B*ndiuaun's ability in rendering conversational paisageo. Tho scene with Opbolia was rationally performed, and without any forced construction to make points. In tho play sceno a semible alteration waa matio in tho business. Hamlet held a manu script of hia drauia, and while apparently fol lowing tho actors, !ino by Sine, hojwatohed the king attontively. His passionate burst after Uio hurriod exit of tho King aud courtiers waa given with vigor and feeling, and bronght down ill's house unmistakeably. His acting in tho closet scene was very fine, and g&vo; tha stamp to hia success with a large portion of tho aadionco. At the fall of tho act drop he wis summoned before it and well choored. The performance ia ouo which will gain upia the beholder every timo it is witnessed. Tha painstaking and conscientious endeavors of Herr Bandmann to elucidate tho text aud harmonise tho varying elements of tha character can hardly bo appre ciated on a firet night. There are only two faults we wjuld care to mention as detracting from tho pleasnrnbls effect ot the per formance. With nil hia diligonce, Herr Bandmann haB suffered himself to become canliruiGl ia verbal iaaccai'aCies which jir upon the ear of an English student of Sbab spoaro, although they may not affact tha raeanfng. Tha second fault to ba found lies in his frtqaant nsio of tho violent transition from a shont to a whisper. This kind oi alternation is a gift which he poasosaes, bat it should be used sparingly and only whero there is some justification for it in tho tost. The general cast of the play on Sitatd&y; night wes good, a special novelty bsing the oppearauce of Mise Roso Evans as Ophelia, which chor^oter she aotcd vory pleasingly and with inuoh intolligancie. The mad ecene wns particularly eltective. jyit3 Steolu's performunco of tho Queen was bettor than ewr, but Mr Hirwood's Polonioua is suacoptibla of much improvement. Ho should parge uwny altogether tho rominiscsnees of Barry Sullivan. Tho Horatio of Mr Leathos waa equal to any yot seen ia Melbourne. A good word is dao to Messrs Harwood and Han uiugs for the excellent way that tho pieoo wa3 put on tbo stags in overy respect; and the band, under Mr F. Coppin'a direction, treated the audience with some well-selected music between tho acts. 