ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES. 4c%. ,fc • "Oira 1wt« " T* ipvk my mind."—Shakspiim. \- Mr. Talbot repeated' Hamlet on Monday night, and he played Clande Melnotte on Tuesday. -On Wednesday he appeared as Bertuccioin"TheFool's Revenge." , ;Mr. Talbot |d^s Hamlet respectably, and he plays Clande Jkjelnotte, lugubriously. He tnakestfiegardener'sson oomporthimself as if he were at war with all mankind, and as if M tdt himself jhsfihed in being ihisanthropi cal because Pauline scorned bis pbetryl And hete'it may be parenthetically inquired why no paper other than bine foolscapis ever used on the stage? Epistolary correspondence carried-on hundreds of years ago, and also at the present time* was, according to stage authority, invariably conducted on blue foolscap. verses, wfcich Gasper took jtp the lady,, and vrhich "Aid not^contajh a line ttikt a'sexf might not tave wptten'than empress" were 'inscribed oh b\he foolscap, How atabcmt 'that era the' writfag-pftper in request among sentimental people was of the kind known as gilt-edged Bath post. Of course, Claude Melnotte would not be likely to write upon Bath post actual, but he would be extremely likely to use a size and shape corresponding to Bath post. Stage paper, moreover, is generally limp, as if it had been i used a good many times, and as if blue fools cap were a very costly article. I merely mention this digressively for the benefit of some future stage-manager who may not be disinclined to take advice about trifles. You j would suppose that Hamlet had better reason than Claude to be misanthropical, but Mr. Talbot is not of this opinion. He makes Hamlet a person with not much senti ment about him, but at the same time he is not an unpleasant person. He suggests to you a prince of not a Btrongly philosophi cal turn of mind, who has a certain amount of mental conflict to go through, and who goes through it as jurymen are sworn to in quire into causes of death, namely, "tothe best of their skill and knowledge." Mr. Talbot's skill is not very great, but he exerts it as far as it goes, and he does not very much spoil the effect by going out of his way J to do more than he is required to do. His j Hamlet, in short, is a business-like Hamlet. But his Claude, on the contrary, is a man with a grievance who never seems tired of showing that he has a grievance. An ingenious friend of mine once wrote an ^ amusing paper on the probable domestic ex periences of Mr. and Mrs. Melnotte, after the scene in which Beauseant is so effectually checkmated. At the first (said my friend) there would, of course, be a good deal of that excessively affectionate interchange of regard in which newly-married people are understood to indulge. But after a time there would come a lull in the connubial intensity, and then, perhaps, little breezes would arise, and the lady would tell the gentleman that after all it was a mean trick | he played upon her, and that Beauseant had much better reason for taking revenge than j he had. The Dowager, Mrs. Melnotte, too, would be sure to complicate matters, for though there is no appearance of her in the fifth act, she can hardly be supposed to be | dead, else some mention wonld surely be I made of her demise. Now Mr. Talbot's j Claude is just the sort of man who would j be likely to say nnpleasant things to his wife in the event of a domestic fragas arising. I think he would side with his mother, who, in all probability, would be living with them, and he would concur with her when she repeated the remark that, " he could have married the richest girl in the province if had pleased." On the restoration of titles, and when Beauseant had become a marquis again, the lady woqld probably sigh and say, "Ah, you see what I might have been if I had married Monsieur Beauseantand Claude—that is Mr. Talbot's Claude—wonld say, "I wish to goodness yon had." Things in this way would comb to a crisis, and perhaps would end in a divorce, and so the lady would become the Marquise Beauseant and Colonel Melnotte wonld marry "the richest girl in the province." On the other hand, such a Hamlet as Mr. Talbot's would have arranged matters with the King and Laertes, so as to avoid a tragic ending of the story. I do not think even that he would have slain Polonius. Having satisfied him self of the guilt of his uncle, he wonld have sought a private interview with him and insisted upon his abdication, failing which he would have taken counsel with Horatio, and the two wonld have departed secretly for Nor way, where they would have solicited the aid of Fortinbras, who would have given them the troops they required to invade Denmark. The people wonld have flocked to the rightful heir. Claudius would have been imprisoned for life in one of the highest towers of the castle of Elsinore, and young Hamlet would have reigned in his stead. Mr. Talbotf s Hamlet, therefore, may be understood to be an uu poetical, unimaginative person, but one never theless disposed to take a practical and com mon-sense view of things. Much of the language he speaks is, therefore, of necessity inconsistent with his general bearing, but there is nothing remarkable in this. A great many men in this world continually say what they do not mean, and their life is a virtual contradiction of their words. It need hardly be remarked that a good many men also, if they had been placed in circumstances similar to those Hamlet was placed in, would have acted very differently, it is aU a matter of temperament Two men get into pecuniary, difficulties; one of them commits suicide, ; and causes a great deal of domestic confusion, and unpleasantness; the other goes through the insolvent court, and, immediately after, lives in a finer house than he did before; htm drives about in a carriage which' cost£l£0(* drawn by horses for which die gave £601a* pieoe.: • , - ..*• '••.eV.I » | > lt is clear that Mr. Talbot'* Hamlet ] Jvas j not mad. If the question of > roadqeeibad had j to be sealed, by him> he would) hav/e settled it;: most > -exclusively. . His Hatplet.ia abbe-, gpthOT too, discreet a person fox m& .Xqil ] cannot jbelieve,indeed, thai hp reallyv" ae is supposed fcodle. |t lis fopchfoOr^ within the feompays ' of probability tSjk^ bfe feigns dying for fome ulterior purpose;"-All thronghyoh have seennothingdri&ai;)f hbottt hhn—nothing ;moony. '^That '! wanflcrtfife o'nighte in^churofoya^Uinrtlrifi atittanl habit. You canAawrtbat Hcr^ fcedrPer surged him to takeA walk jaq# itamhie eyin; graves.- ,yoqpaijL eerily piefoie^* ' Horatio, after the straggle with it was # most absurd affair; (&. would not'drink any foore ofthatolfljthe with the bine seaL r It is, perhaps, not altogether thtf faultof an actor hfs temperament irad mton&'dtf not help hirato'sive a complete realisation*# a charadter in which temperament and habit play such important parts, bnt itjtaakih& of fault |f«;be, do not try to overmaster Ms temperament and habit - A sculptor might, with as good reason, complain of the qn mahsgablenesB of Ills materinl as an excuse tbat he had mft hetvri his statue into propef form. It is one of the triumphs of art to master the materials upon which the artist works ; and it does not seem as if this power were within the compass of Mr. Talbot's capabilities. Hence all his performances^are more or less charged with his own individu ality, and where they are least so charged they are palpably artificial, and, in proportion, less agreeable. Of all the other characters in "Hamlet," that of Polonius was roost strik ingly played. It is not too much to say that it was the best played part in the piece, and if Mr. Rogers oould have been persuaded to take a little more pains with his costume, he would have added something to the already large sum of excellence he showed in this part. Mrs, Steele's Queen is well-known for its merit, and so is the King of Mr. Ireland. So is not the Laertes of Mr. Hall, and so are not some dozen of the minor characters which, in the handB of their several repre sentatives become not minor, but minimus. Mr. Steele's ghost was a very dignified and royal ghost, though somewhat of the sub: stantial sort. Mrs. Hill is unfortunate in not being able to sing, else would her Ophelia have been more than respectable. It is im perative, however, that Ophelia should sing, moderately, at any rate; only the misfortune is that you cannot bring together the two faculties of singing and acting. If you secure the actress, you have not the vocalist, and if you have the singing powers, the acting ability is not present. Miss Forde would sing all the musical portions of the part very well, and she would look some of the other portions, but her self- consciousness would help her to spoil all the rest. There has never been a complete Ophelia in Mel bourne, and the appearance of an Ophelia presenting all the required sufficiency would be a sight to see and a delight to hear. I marvel some clever singing young lady has never steadily applied herself to the task of working out a complete Ophelia. There are " Dogs and Monkeys" at the Hay market; and, by the way, I observe that the title of "Haymarket" has been resumed. I never clearly perceived the necessity of changing the name at alL To be sure, Hay market is not entirely appropriate, for though hay is sold on specified days in the market just above, hay is not the particular com modity vended. The vulgar designation of this quarter is " Paddy's Market," though I . never could quite explain why the prefix of "Paddy" should be employed,and I would rather not see it extended to the theatre. The name Haymarket having been originally bestowed ought to have been retained, and I am glad to see the interpolated tide aban doned. At the Haymarket, then, are " Dogs and Monkeys" and Mr. Barlow—not the "inimi table"—and some acrobats, and tumblers, and balancers and ballet-people. And speaking of the tumblers, one poorfellow justified his name on Tuesday night In a manner not set down in thebills, namely, by falling from the ceil ing into the pit. I have always intensely disliked those " ladders in the air," and those trapezes hung so high that it nearly dislocates one's neck to look np to them, not to speak ' of the unpleasant feeling of apprehension for the safety of the performers it always excites. I cannot see why those feats of agility should not be done five feet instead of fifty from the ground, and if I were Attorney-General, which, Heaven be praised, I am not, I would put such exhibitions down as peremptorily as Mr. G. P. Smith put down the Can-Can. Of all the performers now at the Hay market, I admire most those two spaniel dogs—they are spaniels I believe—one of which is black .and white, the other black and tan. They are most lovable dogs, and they made me envy Mr. Barlow the possession of mem. The Ing black fellow is, no doubt, an accomplished "performer and gets through a great deal of work, and one would come to like him a good deed I dare say, if one knew him long enough; bat like some men and women he requires to be known to be thoroughly understood. You admire his cleverness, but you hardly know if you would like to be intimate with him. The little poodles are certainly clever, but they look helpless creatures, as if they would have to he led about by pretty ribbons. The balancing, men are well skilled in their balancing bnsi . ness, especially the man who pats a glass of ale on his forehead and lies down and turns round and puts himself through hoops without spilling the ale. The ballet business is a little wearisome, both because the general get np is frowsy and because tbe pantomimists are, with the exception of Mr. ; Flexmore, hot remarkably agile. But the two young ladies—especially one of them— i ate pretty, and that in its way is a merit. JAQUES. 