ROMA. THE Roma correspondent of the Toowoomba Chronicle writes:—" We've had a meeting. William Miles, Esq., M.L.A., has given an ac-<*> count of his stewardship. The free and inde- pendent met on Saturday evening last. Miles talked like a book. The Mayor took the chair, and having explained the object of the meeting, Mr. Miles proceeded to address the electors. I am not a shorthand writer, and cannot giro the ipriasima verba of the hon. member; I most therefore content myself with supplying the ghost of a report. Mr. Miles first gave his reasons for opposing the present Government, He then proceeded (a la distance) to punch the heads of the present Ministry, Lilley ex oepted. The Honorable the Minister for Lands was (in the opinion of the meeting) knocked into • cocked hat, and very uncom plimentary remarks were passed anent selec tions on the banks of the Condamine. William Miles, Esq., M.L.A., was great on the Addi tional Members Bill. He instanced this fact. The Government had tried to • dodge* the hon. member for Drayton and Toowoomba by taking two wings off the electorate and leaving the centre intact. The deduction made by Mr. Miles was this. That the Government wished to weaken the position of Mr. Groom, and that he (Mr. M.) would not lend himself to anything in the shape of political jobbery. (Bravo Miles!) Mr. Miles next adverted to the ne oesaity of opening the lands for selection. He told his audience that if twenty thousand acres of his run were required for selection, he would most cheerfully surrender the lot. After briefly alluding to the Station Wages and Pastoral Belief Bills, Mr. Miles concluded by saying that he should be most happy to answer any questions that might be put him. Everybody being satisfied, Mr. B. J. Cottell moved, ' That the electors of the Maranoa have fall confidence in their representative, Mr. Miles, and that they consider him," &c.;, Sep. Seconded by Mr. L. Samson, and carried with lots of cheering. A vote of thanks having been accorded to His Worship the Mayor (Thomas M'Ewen, Esq.), the meeting dispersed, with drinks." 