THEATRE ROYAL. MR. TALBOT AS MACBETH. Mr. Talbot does not improve on further acquaintance. His Macbeth illustrates in an exaggerated form all the faults which were less conspicuously suggested in his Richard and Sir Pertinax. The reason is obvious enough. In the first of these it is possible, by a certain amount of bustle, and what may be called stage flourish, to hide the real faults of conception and treatment, and the excellent dialect of the other is, perhaps, not un- reasonably accepted by a considerable portion of an audience as a sufficiently effective por sonation of a character, of which, however, it is nothing more than an accessory. But Macbeth demands abilities of a higher kind than those which barely help an actor to make a character respectable. A really effective Macbeth is not possible, save by the exercise of very high powers of impersona- tion, and these, it is only the simple truth to say, Mr. Talbot does not possess. He seemed all through the performance, on Saturday night, labouring to reach a degree of excellence impossible to him, and impossible all the more on account of a belief he seems to entertain, that good acting is a product of good memory and careful imitation. Apparently distrustful, however, of even these conditions as infallible, Mr. Talbot endeavoured to make up by more sound and movement what he lacked in truthfulness of characterisation, but in deciding upon this alternative he only made matters worse, jumping from an unimpressive carefulness to disagreeably impressive rant. Nothing could less completely resemble the psychological study represented by Shakspeare's Macbeth than the Mac- beth of Mr. Talbot. It was impossible by those who witnessed it not to be conscious of an actor struggling to reach an unattainable height, and just as this consciousness forced itself upon the attention to that extent the illusion was impaired. In all those special situations where there is opportunity for the display of poetic manifestations in acting, Mr. Talbot fell immeasurably short of what was required. It is, as need hardly be remarked, the particular characteristic of this tragedy to excite the emotion of terror. The Shakspearian student who carefully reads "Macbeth" can hardly dispossess himself of this feeling, and it is one test of a great actor in the part that he is able to keep this feeling in continued activity. The dagger scene is one of the occasions which strongly tries an actor in this particular. It gives the finest means imaginable of rising to greatness, to an actor who can yield himself up to the glamour of that midnight silence. But the mode adopted by Mr. Talbot is to get into the middle of the stage, and suddenly strike an attitude, which, besides being totally destructive of the terrible solemnity of the scene, is calculated to remind one rather strongly of some of Mr. Harwood's effective travesties of tragic impetuosity. This kind of attitudes- ing so clearly belongs to the school which, for convenience sake, has been termed " trans- ponting," that it is extraordinary an actor of education should ever think of resorting to it. The rest of the scene, however, is made up by Mr. Talbot of attitudes, to the total destruction of the legitimate supernatural effect, The words spoken never seemed to be the audible expression of J what was passing in his mind ; his movements never conveyed a meaning. He walked to and fro as if he were under the obligation of going over a certain distance he had carefully measured for himself upon the stage, and the departure from which, by so much as a hairbreadth, would be a violation of some contract. The exit into Duncan's chamber seemed to be in use obedience to a business understanding, and his return from it was similarly suggestive of the stabbing duty having been conscientiously discharged, The soliloquies were either loud and truculent, or they were delivered in an accented monotone For example, the one commencing i "The Prince of Cumberland was shouted out so loudly, that it seemed as if it were addressed personally to Duncan, and intended to provoke an immediate breach of the peace ; while the passage beginning "Duncan is in his grave," so full of plain tive sadness, and so demonstrative of Macbeth's originally kindly nature, was as little varied by vocal inspection as the responses of a low-church parish clerk. The scene in the witches' cave was hurried as if here also the business were a contract to be carried out. Nor did Mr. Talbot, as the action neared the end, rise to impressive ness. Something louder in speech, something more boisterous in manner, his acting was, nevertheless, allow the surface it never appeared to be the exponent of his convictions. The To-morrow and to-morrow " speech, so full of tender beauty, was but as an item flung in among the rest of the hard materials furnished by him. The final combat conveyed not a hint of desperation. Macbeth, to be sure, cut and thrust and dealt smashing blows enough, and there was plenty of energy, but no real earnestness; and when he died, he did not seem to die because he was run through the body, but because it was part of the programme to die. Having no further use for his sword, he carefully deposited it on one side of the stage, and selecting a convenient spot in the centre he gave up the ghost with the most decorous propriety. It need hardly be said that a Macbeth which represents only extreme painstaking, and in which most of the pains bring about-.uncharactcristic results, is not of the kind to be ranked among those stage embodiments which, help to a better understanding of Shakspearian creations. Mr. Talbot may possibly be sincere in his belief of his ability to interpret Macbeth in the true Shakspearian spirit, but his case is probably only one of a great many others, in which the desire to reach to an ideal excellence is mistaken for the power to compass it. It is possible that Mr. Talbot's effective range is represented by a somewhat lower classifica- tion of dramatic presentments, but it is assuredly not in that of which Macbeth is to be taken as an example. Concerning most of the other characters in the tragedy, it may be remarked generally that they were played on Saturday night as if out of compliment to Mr. Talbot, it had been determined not to render his acting any worse by contrast with what was better. Mrs. Steele, who some time ago at the Duke of Edinburgh played Lady Macbeth with so much genuine power, singularly failed to convey an adequate notion of the character, The quality of intensity, which has hitherto seemed specially to distinguish her acting was quite absent. Her voice was loud when it should have been earnest, and her manner forced and constrained as if she found a difficulty in being? thoroughly in terested in what she was doing. The sleep walking scene was particularly wanting in denotative manifestations. Mr. Steele's Macduff was abundantly lacking in power ; and in the one scene where the opportunity is greatest for an actor to make a notable impression in this character, he did not, by any means, rise to the occasion, Mr. Ireland's Banquo was the best-played part in the piece, and Mr. Humphreys, in the minor part of Lennox, merits a word of encouragement for his judicious delivery of the passage, The night has been unruly" c, The musical interpolations were given with considerable merit, but the costume of some of the witches was less appropriate than their vocalisation, one or two of them being absurdly habited in long dresses of the prevailing fashion. The scenic accompaniments were not of remarkable excellence, the thunder being as usual atrociously metallic, reminding one of a ricketty corrugated iron roof on a windy night. To-night Mr. Talbot will appear as Othello. The directors of the Ballarat Banking Company have decided to allow interest upon the daily balances appearing to the credit of their several customers. 