VICTORIA EACING CLUB AUTUMN [Br oce Special Bepobtee.1 The Victoria Racing Club concluded their two days engagement yesterday, and would that we could Eay lliey.-acliieved a great success. On Saturday we noticed the smallnecsof the attendance and anticipated as Monday would bo a general holiday that the patronage would be fully equal to the "bill of fare" provided. Such, however, was not the. case, and for this lack.oi patronage various reasons maybe assigned. In the first place the heavy clouds that en cumbered the horizon early in the morning prevented numbers of the fair sex from attending,and without their presence a race course to many of those who do not pretend to he "disciples of the ring," has no charms. Many lovers of honest racing were likewise disgusted with the atrocious couduct that had been pursued with refer ence to Gondolier. These gentlemen very naturally kept away, knowing that if there were men who would thus kill on unofiend ng brute to win money on n race, it would bo dangerous for them to be there, as their pockets might be picked; and a man without a cent in his pocket on a racecourse can enjoy but little fun. We cannot describe how much the atrocious deed was con demned. Every man wished to find out the culprit; perhaps the real culprit him self joined in the hue and cry. Had be been found, Judge Lynch would1 have had many supporters. It is a dis grace to the Victorian turf that such a thing should have occurred. We sneered at Sydney and pretended ro be wonderfully loyal when a would-be-assassin attempted to shoot Prince Alfred, wo pre tended to be so "wonderfully just when a horse was " got at" over at Sydney, we arc such a moral people ! We believe that the scoundrel or scoundrels who " got at" Gondolier, would care little who died, if they could only get their plunder. The metropolitan leading sporting journal has been particularly hard upon our local meet ings. Wo trust it will mete out due justice to Melbourne—wo trust it will publish the fact that at Geelong we had no fighting between starter and bandicipper. We trust that, no matter how bad Geelong may have been in the eyes of a few prejudiced individuals, we were " too slow" for poisoners. To the rain, the fighting, and the sparcity of the attendance, which, although larger than on Saturday, never exceeded ten or eleven thousand. The road to t he course was very heavy, and several parties who trusted to cabs to see them through the mire, had to get out at the gatc3 and walk down through the clay— oue fashionable carriage remaining at the top of the hill for some time, the simple reason being that its fashionable pair of horses declined dirtying their feet by going down the hill, which a few loads of metal would much improve. No rain fell during the meeting, the moisture was just sufficient to cako the turf, and render it unpleasant both to bipeds and quadruped. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Manners Sutton, Miss Manners Sut ton, and the Masters Manners Sutton occupied scats in what is now called the Royal stand, and but for the closeness of the day would doubtless have CDjoyed themselves exceedingly well. As will doubtless have been seen by our Melbourne contemporaries, Mr G. Watson was dis qualified on Saturday from again acting as starter, and bis place was exceedingly well filled by Mr Power. The decision of the committee in thus hastily blackballing a gentleman who for the pa=t twenty- five years has been one of their leading men, was mnch commented upon, but as we noticed that Mr G. Watson was " hail fellow well met" with the stewards and other dignitaries on their own especial platform, we doubt not that the wound has been healed, that Mr Watson has apolo gised, and that all will bo allowed to run on as merrily as heretofore. We sin cerely trust this may be the case, as the Victorian Pacing Club can ill spare such a man as George Watson and Mr Hurtle Fisher will be one of the first to welcome hack the lost sheep. There were many who stayed away on Saturday thinking that yesterday there would be better sport. We are afraid they were disappointed; the racing, taking it as a whole, was not so good. The Grand Stand Stakes was an indifferent affair, there only being four starters. The Nursery Handicap miglib have been a great deal more interesting had Gondolier been alive Co contest it; as it was, Charon and Lamp lighter bad it all their own way, and we need hardly state that few were sorry to see rose and black in the fore. Everybody hoped that Gasworks would win tbe Autumn Handicap, Mr Wils in having been so un fortunate with Gondolier; he, however, preferred reserving his filly for the Town Plate, an error of judgment which he quickly repented of, as the daughter of Gaslight could undoubtedly have won both events without any particular exertion ou her part; as it was, the event of the day was won by old Burwon, who has thus east an additional lustre on the name of our local sire Boiardo. Everybody felt pleased the old horse should win, and everybody was delighted that John Clee land should be his owner. The Town Plate saw Strop "cave in" to Gaslight, his jockey pulling birn up after passing the stand the first time, as he saw lie had not " a ghost of a chance" with the mare. This conduct ou his pare caused him to be chaffed by tbe " great unwashed," but gained the approval of those who could not see the use of run ning a liorse to death. The Steeplechase was booked for Babbler, whom the invincible Gordon thought ho could steer to victory. Babbler, however, found the increase in the weight too much not for his -'poor feet" but for his " poor legs," and notwithstanding that both he and his rider gamely tried they both had to succumb to the gallant old Ingleside, who, as on Saturday, was splendidly ridden by 'Wakefield. Before tho race many believed that Union would do the trick, but although a good hunter he will never make a steeplechaser. Mr Carmichael must rest satisfied with the fact that it is a King Alfred that has landed one of the warmest events that has ever been contested on the Melbourne course. The events of the day were wound up by a Hclter Skelter, in which Koo-wee-rup who was, we were informed, subsequently sold for .£42, landed the prize. Below we give the results of the day's racing, premising that so far as the stewards, secretary, &c.; wero concerned, the arrangements were admirable:— GEAND STAND STAKES Of 5 sovs each, with 50 sovs added. One and three-quarter miles. Mr W. Field's b g Strop, 9st 41b (Hayncs) 1 Mr J. "Wilson's br f Cymba, 7st 81b (Carter) ... 2 Freetrader and Antelope started for this event, the odds being six to four against either Antelope or Cymba. Antelope proved himself not to he exactly a "duf fer," but a porpoise as far as condition went, and contented himself by driving the other three before him. Freetrader might be a "bitter pill," but not in such com pany. After one false attempt ho got away with the lead, but was quickly passed by Strop, who raced in neck and neck with Cymba from the abattoirs. Strop winning easily, Cymba being second, and the other two nowhere as far as placing was con cerned, Time, 3min. 21sec. NUUSERY HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, 2 sovs forfeit, with X50 added for 2-year-olds. Three quarters of a mile. Mr H. Fisher's b c Charon, 8st 101b (Morrison) ... 1 Mr P. J. Keighran's br c Lamplighter Sst 41b (Walsh) ... 2 Nine horses started for this event, and amongst them Lily, a daughter we believe of Boiardo, who was purchased at the Barwon Park sale. Mr Cleeland's b c Albion was much fancied, but as the re sult proved it was merely a race be tween Charon and Lamplighter at different weights than those of Saturday. The odd9 were 6 to 4 against either of them, and 5 to 1 against anything else. After two false starts in which Lamp lighter attempted to show the way. they all went off tolerably well together, Charon if anything having the advantage. Lamp lighter running against a post and con tinuing to race, a piece of impertinence "that caused his jocky to be fined J23. Charon won easily. Dr Smith's Pair Ellen being third. Craig's Seyesa fell on com ing into the straight and broke her back. When the public had ascertained that Bose and Black had properly weighed out, a cheer was given for the victor. Time, lmin. 23sec. AUTUMN" HANDICAP. , A handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs each. 2 forfeit with 100 sovs added.' One and a half mile, and a distance. . .. Mr J. Cleeland's b h Barwon 7s131bs (S.Davis) ... 1 Dr. L. L. Smith's b m Lady Manners Sutton, Gst lOlbs (T. Enderson) .. 2 Mr II. Gamble's br h Paddy's Land, 7st lllbs (Motton) ... 3 Phosphorus, Cadland, Aurora, Shamrock, Sheet- Anchor, Sylvia, and Bonnie Carlisle also started, the odds accepted being even Barwon, 3 to 1 agst Phosphorus, 5 to 1 agst Sheet Anchor, 5 to 1 agst Sylvia, and 10 to 1 offered agst anything else. Lady Manners Sutton cut out the run ning at a " docker," but quickly gave way. Phosphorus assumed first position at the back of the course, but this ho could not maintain, as the most gallant son of old Boiardo came up with a rush near the abattoirs, and once gaining the lead took precious good care not to lose it again, to the delight of those who bail from these parts! . Time, 3 miu 2 sees. TOWN PLATE. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs, half forfeit, 100 eovs added. Two miles and a half Mr J. Wilson's br f Gasworks, 7st 61b (Carter) ... 1 Mr W. Field's b g Strop, 9sfc Gib (Haynes) ... 2 Out of the five horses originally entered for this race only two eaine to the post, and ten to one could easily have been Ob tained that Wilson's wonder would win. Both went off at even; coining past the stand they went at a fearful pace, and many thought that the old horse meant to cut down the marc; in tlii3. however, he could not succeed, so his jockey finding it no go. pulled up a few hundred yards beyond the stand. STEEPLECITASE A Handicap Sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, 2 forfeit, with 100 sovs added. About three miles. Mr 11. Orr's b g Ingle3ide, 9st 71b, (Wakefield) ... 1 Major Baker's br g Babbler, list 61b (Gordon) ... 2 Union, Cyclone, and Bacchus also came to the post, Babbler being the favourite at 6 to 4, 2 to 1 against Inglesides, 3 to 1 against Union, and 10 to 1 against anything else. Union was much fancied for this event, but those who trusted him with their money had to repent their folly; ho is essentially a . jumper, nothing more. Babbler quickly commenced to cut out tlio running, Union for a short time being second, Cyclone third. Old Ingleside then went up, and past tho stand was loading, Babbler being second. Bacchus, who hns undoubtedly a turn of speed, was tho first to baulk, but Ingleside and Babbler—the latter appearing to bo much shaken by his exertions on Saturday—negotiated all the fences without making the slightest mistake. Bacchus looked very like a winner at one time, but tho purler he got at the fenco near the bridge deprived him of all chance, and tho two leaders came rushing up,the straight, both jumping beautifully, but both dead licked, Ingleside winning' by half-a-dozen lengths. Time, 7min 7sec. HELTEE SHELTER STAKES. Of 3 sovs. each, with J350 added. One mile. Mr L. O. Patterson's Koo-weo-rnp, 5st 101b (Mitchell) ... 1 Mr S. Waldock's chg Beadsman, 7st 21b (Henderson) ... 2 Eight horses started and the favourite won. This concluded the Autumn Meeting for 1SG9. 