NATURAL GHOSTS. Without raying a word for or against the superna tural appearance of dead and dying men, ministering spirits, bad spiiits, and all tbe demons that are found in fire, air, flood, or underground, let us give a good word to the ghotts that are no ghosts. Some of them are quite natural Bnd wholesome, eeen by healthy per sols, and often by more than one person at the same time. Others are natural aud unwholesome, seen usually by Bick persons, and, in nearly all cases, by one person only. Tbe familiar form of the healthy, na tural apparition is our good old friend, our other self, whom we have had the pleasure of seeing a great many times in print, the grunt of the Brockets. I climb the Biocken io eeethe sun rise on a calm morn ing, and standing en the granite rocks known as the Ttmpelskauzel, obsirve that the ether mountains to watds tbe eoaih-wtet lying under the Brockea are covered with thick clouds. Up rises the sun behind me, tnd forth starts the giant, five or six hundred , feet high, who bestrides the clouds for a couple of seconds and is gone. Toeee one's shadow in this fashion there needs a horizontal Sunbeam aRd a bank of vapour of tbe right sort in the right place. We may go up the Brocken at sunrise a dozen times and hardly have a chance of finding sunbeam and vapour bank 'disposed to favour ue with the raising of this ghost. The ghost of Ctcsar that appeared to BrutUB at Philippi is aB much of a commonplace.as the spectre of the Brtcken, and as natural. Was not Hobbes of Mslmesbury a great philosopher, who ought to know? ' We read,' says Hobbes, '-of Marcus Brutus (one that had his life given him by Julius Caesar, and was also hie favourite, and notwithstanding murdered him) how at Philippi the night before he gave battle to Augustus Caesar be saw a fearful apparition, which is commonly related by historians aB a vision; but con eideriug the circumstances, one may easily judgO to have been a short dream. For sitting in his tent fen sive and troubled with the horror ot his rash act, it was not hBrd for him, slumbering in tbe cold, to dream of tbat which most affrighted him ; which fear, as by degrees it made him awake, so also it must needs mske tbe apparition by degreeB to vanish ; and having no assurance that he slept, he could have no cause to think it a dream or anything but a vision.' Then there is moonshine. It makes many things half visible, which timid folks interpret into shapes of terror; burglars, perhaps, if their fears are of the mundane sort ; and if their taste incline to the eerie, when the light is dim and silence rules, they will know how to suspect, la every bunt a hovering Shade, A groan in every sound. Moreover, there is hocus-pocus in its regular com mercial aspect, and as it was abroad in the days of the Egyptians, and as it is at home in these present dayB, it is not difficult to understand hew the Egyp tian priests showed visions on their temple walls, or reflected pictures from the surface of great bowls of water. The devils shown -by a conjuror to Benvenuto Cellini were doubtlese let loose from a magic lan tern. Some drugs give a man spectral illusions. A conjuror offered Dr. Alderson a prescription for a mixture of antimony, sulphur, and other things, which should cause the person taking it to be haunted by spectres. A philosopher older than Hobbes, the poet Lucre tius, supposed that all ghosts were natural produc tions, being mertlv thin pellicles cost off from the body. Next, for 'tis time, my Muac declares and sings, declares and sings through tbe medium of Creech, What those are we call images of things. Which, like thin films, from bodies rise in the streams, PJ&v; in the air, acd dance upon the beams : By day the se meet, and strike onr minds and fright ; And show pale ghosts and horrid shapes by night: These break onr sleep, these cheek our gay delight, For sure no ai-y eouls get loose, and fly From Hell's dark shsdee, nor flatter in onr sky : For what remains, beyond the greedy Urn, Since soul end body to their seeds return! A stream of forme from every eurlaoe flows, Which may be called the film or ehetl of those; Because they bear the shape, they chow the frame And figure of tbe bodies whence they came. About the middle of the seventeenth century tbe doctrine of Palingenesis prevailed. This waB a chem ical explanation of the theory of Lucretius. It as serted that if a flower were burqt and pulverised, a salt might be obtained which was the essential part of the flower; that on mixing this substance with something which was not disclosed, and applying heat, a spectral flewer would arise, corresponding to that which was .burnt. This was explained by sup posing that the particles of the salt, when heated, at tracted one another, and flew off into the respective places they had .occupied when in the living plant, so that they thus formed a shadowy representation of it. That being taken for an established fact, it was easy enough to apply it to the human body, which, whan fermenting underground, threw off such particles of the essential salt to rise into the air, be drawn , into their old relative positions, and thus form horrid apparitions tall and ghastly, To walk at dead of night, or take their stand O'er eome new-opened grave. Bnt why the winding-sheet threw off this salt, and not the coffin — for the ghosts always came up dressed in their grave-clotheB, never cased in their coffins1 Falingenesists have not explained. Another theory, metaphysical, hot chemieal, made fancy an incomprehensible material thing lodged in the middle lobe of the brain, which acts the part of a servant to the mind in arranging together the dif ferent material ideas brought to the brain by its other servants. The over- zealous industry of this servant in working after the otheis were gone to bed, was supposed to produce the appearance of spectres, which were thus taken to be in a very literal sens the workings of fancy. Now we come to the unwholesome cIssb — the natural ghosts ; ideas jnade unusually vivid by some morbid condition of the .mind or body. GhoB's of this kind are ss natural as those of the other cIbbs. Ideas are copieB of sensations, only less intense. . If any unhealthy excitement adds to the intensity, thsy may be indistinguishable from impressions ef things actually seen and heard. The writer of this, having seen . a large number of ghosts, and heard many ghostly voices in his childhood and youth, has, as a wise man once put it, seen too many ghoBts to believe in them. And yet how clear and distinct they were. A long flaming-sword, for example, in the air at noonday over London, at the time of the cholera visitation of 'thirty-one, -or thereabouts ; and not only a flaming sword, but 'the clouds arranged, in aflame about it to bring out the picture, as they certainly were not really arranged in the sky. Bah ! the pattern of tbe sword was that chosen by the artist of the first illustrated edition of Paradise LoBt, whose pictures were often pored over by the yoimg ' natural-ghost-seer ; end it was a shape reflecting little credit on the genius of the heavenly ewordsmiths,. if they have swordemiths . in heaven. Take tbe .third experiment of Sir Humphrey Davy in an atmosphere of nitrouB oxide. He says— 'A thrilling, extending from the chest to the extremities, wsb almost immediately ptodnced. I felt a sense of tangible extension, highly pleasurable, in every limb ; my visible impressions were dazzling, and apparently magnified. 1 heard distinctly every sound in tbe room, snd was perfectly aware of my situation. By degrees, as tbe pleasurable sensation increased, I lost all connexion with external things ; trains of vivid visible images rapidly passed through my mind, and were connected with words w such a manner as to produce perceptions perfectly novel. I existed in a world of newly connected and newly modified ideas. When I was awakened from this semi- delirious trance by Dr. Kinglake, who took tbe bag from my mouth, indignation and pride were the first feelings produced by the sight of the persons about me. My emotions were enthusiastic and sublime; and for a moment I walked round the room, perfectly regard less of what was said, to me. As I recovered my former state of mind, I felt an inclination to commu nicate the discoveries I had made daring the experi ment. I endeavoured to recall the ideas — they were feeble and indistinct.' Inhalation of nitrous oxide increases fulness of tbe pulse, expands the blood. A like effect is produced by tbe ft brile miasma of Cadiz, in which the spectral impressions are of a painful character. Suppose we gey, then, that expansion of the blood is favourable to the producing of spectral impressions. If not that, some other fact as natural, accounts for tbe appear ance cf spectres in hectic and other fevers. Tbe ghosts seen by Nicolai, the philosophical bookseller ol Btilin, disappeared gradually on the application of leeches. Bptcirul impressions may result also from direct irritation of tbe brain, or from a high state of nervous iiritability acting upon the body generally. The Bpectres will agree mostly with the mind they spring from; A philosophical man like Nicolai has visit ns of men, dogs, and horses, such as he would lee in daily life. Others, who have their minds full of supernatural tales, and who associate with dark ness, instead of nature's rest, the spirit's unrest, will s- e the sort of ghostB they occupy their minds with. Others, again, whose philosophy leads to a fai-h in i bible iuteicouise between the living and the dead, will not fail to obtain excellent coiroborations of their doc rise. When supernatural forms are not repetitions of familiar shapes, hut follow current superstitions, it has been always observed that tbey correspond to tbe forms adopted by popular belief from familiar paint ings end sculptures. The witcheB of Lorraine, who profiestd to be familiar with devils, were questioned particularly ss to the appearance of these devils by M. Blmy, the oommitsiouer for their trial. They had simply realised 'them by the rude allegorical painting and sculpture of the middle ages, l'ney said they were black-faced, with sunk but fiery eyes, their mouths wide and emelling of sulphur, their hands hairy, with claws, their feet horny and cloven. The cloven foot comes of a tradition tha^ the Devil was in the babitof appearing to the Jews in the form of a hairy goat. Saints, when they appear, correspond in the same way with the conventional form of church painting and sculpture. Visions seen in the ecstasies of saints themselves were commonly true visions ; naural, sb results of an overstrained mir.d in a wasted and often tortured body. The visions seen by tbe dying may b c explained also by the condition of the body in the laBt stage of many diseases, when the commonness of spectral delusions has given rise to a strong faith in our frequent visible communion with angels and departed spirits in the hour of death. Next to sight, hearing is the sense most frequently imposed on, and ne sound is so commonly imagined as the call of a familiar companion. Dr. Johnson fancied he heard his mother call 'Sam,' when she was a hundred miles away, and was much disap pointed when nothing ensued. That call by a familiar voioe was a frequent experience of the present writer. It was commonly a home voice, and a loud, clear, and abrupt monosyllabic calL But he has heard the voice of a brother miles away, speaking as if from behind hiB shoulder in a college library, and turned to answer in a voice itself so insensibly subdued to har mony with tbe impression, as considerably to surprise a fellow-Btudent who was standing near. But the delusions of hearing were, in his case, not confined to voices ; the sound of opening doors withia the bed room at night, when there was no door opened, and other such tricks on the ear, were also not uncommon, hut these (though not the sudden voices, which seemed to be connected with some momentary leap of the blood, as in the sensation that one has sometimes when going to sleep, of falling suddenly with a great jolt), were always to be explained by traceable rela tion to a thought within the mind. Next to hearing, touch is said to be the senBe most frequently imposed on; as when people have fancied themselves beaten by invisible. or visible fiends, and felt considerable pain from it. The present writer CBn remember in his own ghostly experience but one delusion of the sense of touch. It was associated with delusion of hearing, and repeated nightly for q week or ten days. Sometimes the sense of smell is deceived, as when the spectral sight of a demon is joined to a spectral smell of brimstone. Considering how often people are saying that they ' fancy they smell' something, one might think play upon this sense to be more common than it is. Least liable to delusion is SBid to be the sense of taste. Thus, a lunatic mentioned by Sir Walter Scott, fancied his porridge-dinner to cenBist of everr deliccay, bat com plained that everything he ate tasted of porridge.— All the Tear Round 