THE COLONIAL GHOST. : It wason a cold, dismal, wet 'evening in June, about fifteen years ago, that I rode homewards via Campbelltown from Liver pool. My mind was very, much depressed nn nrwMint. of n. rtanr 'whom T had just left iu a dying state,- and whom I scarcely expected to meet again on earth. With tho shades of -night the rain came down in torrents, which' in a short time thoroughly drenched me. But it was im perative on me to. reach my home that night, and. on I went. I succeeded in reaching the top. of the hill on which Ecclestone's public-house then stood. By .this time the darkness was so intense, that I could not sec my hand before me. Those who remember the state of the Campbelltown road at that time, will form £ome idea of the heed I had to take in going down Ecclestone's Hill on such a night, on a nag without a shoe.' How ever she took mo down safely, by sheer sliding to the bottom.. When there, the darkness became actual blackness. Down each side of the road the waters rushed from the hill like little rivers, and to my surprise, I found my nag stuck in the mud. It was customary in those days to raise and repair the roads by throwing the dirt from -each side into the centre, and: such had been the case there; so that what before was dry, loose earth, was then nothing but mud — and there is no mistake about the sticking properties of that mud— -and into it we floundered. After due plunging and struggling, my nag regained a tolerable footing, when I quietly sat on her back to hold a consulta tion with her fprwant of better company. I argued in this'waiy— ' Now Jenny, if we go to: the right, we shall be drowned; if to the left; ditto; if forward, you are likely to break my bones, and for that matter your own too, even though the mud be. soft. ' Well, then, shall wo go beck ?— Soh, eob, Jenny ,| what's up with you . I wonder. Steady ! steady 1 mare. Steady 1 — why can't you keep quiet ? Now, that's a good girl — well, we wont go .back then.' But 0 murther and. turf, as sure as death,: there is the very, spot the girl was murdered on— there on the left must be the old hut, and there across thar road is where they foand her murdered corpse. It : is the ghost, maybe, that frightened ye. '0 mnrther,' said I, ' what is that V On looking towards" the spot where the body was said to have been found, I saw, as distinctly as I now see these words, a thing of light arise from the very spot and spread itself out like a- broad triangular sheet, and disappear in the air; and as it arose, I could plainly Bee the three rails of the fence, while be fore I could not see my nag's head. I wondered and wondered again what it could he, when to my surprise the satno strange thing appeared again, and in its ascent revealing even the grass in the paddock to my gazo. If I wondered be fore, I wondered still more then, when— ah, there, it was again rising from the identical spot, and like a thing of' life in white, flattering in the air, and disappeared as suddenly as it appeared. There is no use in min cing matters — the fact is, I felt my manilla hat rise on my head. Talk about the hair standing— mine must have shot up like the quills of a porcupine; bat there I was alone, in densest darkness— the only sound to be heard was the rash of waters, and the . beating of my own heart. But as tbo blood rushed to my bead, I madly spurred ray poor nag. to wards the spot — exclaiming,-. " Ghost: or devil, or whatever else yo.u may be, 111 find you out," — when 0, . murthiir,' the large white-sheet form arose the fourth time, and- then — 0, dear! how I did laugh — I discovered tho Ghost. O, yes, I found it. Now, what do you think it was? I should just like to hear year conjectures. No, Miss, I tell you it was not a white calf. Nay, Madam, I assure you, it was not an illusion of the brain,— 0, it was a reflection of myself was it ? Well, now that is unworthy of you. Yes, I found out tho Ghost — the veri table ghost of wet weather. You will please bear in mind that the rain had been pouring down in torrents without ceasing a moment — and I was not only wet <o the skin, but shivering with cold ; and while my mind was fixed upon the scene of the murder my eyes were fixed upon the spot where the young woman was said to be murdered. And the cold brought the water to my eyes, and the water formed into tears, which gradually came down across my sight, and the globules of water acted as a night magnifying glass, and threw a form or shadow of light on the spot of observation ; this assumed a triangular form, which I be lieve is always reflected from a globule, and as the tears descended, the shadow or appearance ascended , till beyond the reach of vision. I squeezed down several tears afterwards, and could produce a ghost for every tear. Had I not waited, had I not solved the mystery; no one living would have convinced me I had not seen a Ghost. 