A BREAKFAST WITH SEA-LIOJSTS. . Of ail the lions of Sao Francisco , the most unique are the sea-lions. This morning a paity of friends and myself rode out to break fast with them ; aud if they did not join in the banquet,- they at least countenanced it. From Montgomery-street, we drove up Bush, ao exceedingly sharp hill, passiug resi dences which are chiefly of wood, and hare large, pleasant gardens. After the cobble -stones of the old business thoroughfares and the Nicolson pavement of the resident streets .were left behind,. thejblowing. sands grew trying to the eyes. In the begining these bare sandhills must have been very dreary ; but the grass and shrubbery of the yard iis covering their nakedness more and more, and m time San Francisco will be the most pic turesque of all our large cities.-, The view of the water and the shipping, from hundreds of dwellings, is superb. Past raw outskirts, past Lone Mountain Cemetery, where sleep Broderick and Baker and Starr King, we reached a splendid macadamized turnpike, and our horses flew like the wind. The pace into which the noble animal is persuaded in [ this cool, bracing climate, would soon kill him in an Eastern city, and would set Henry Bergh to wringing bis hands and tearing his hair. Rising to the erest of the last hill, we j looked out upon the great Pacific, its greeu expanse fleaked with snowy foam. I wonder how often one must see it to destroy the as sociations of indefinite far-off-ness, which always give it a charm for strangers" eyes ! At the water's edge we stop at the Cliff House -a long, low pleasant frame building, with a wing of horse-sheds stretching afar, and deep hospitable porches in front and rear. A he Cliff is a favourite resort. Omnibuses run constantly from the city-eight miles and private parties go out daily, sometimes choosing mood light nights, but generally breakfasting heie, that they may return by noon, before the winds grow furious. The gentlemen of our party all wear overcoats, but arrive so chilled that the coal fires prove a strong magnet for the first few minutes, lheu from the rear porch we gaze out eagerly upon the Pacific. To the north is the en trance to San Francisco Bay, with its roman tic name and its yet more romantic history, iurther,. and just beyond the reach of vision, lies Drake s Bay, where, 300 years ago, the great navigator and captain lay for mouths and never found the golden gate. To the north-west rise the Faralhjnes, which supply San Francisco with the eggs of the murre or foohsh guillemont, a autritiye but unpalatable substitute for lien's eggs.- Straight before us. to the west, stretches the great Ocean with its new currents of commerce, its new paths of empire. How the thoughts crowd upon one- as his straining eyes try to pierce the horizon; The Sandwich Islands-Japan China India J-The beginingof anewera, which links us to " dusky nations living in strange countries, worshipping strange gods, and writ ing strange characters from left to right But we leave speculation a^)out the distant and the infinite to study the wonder which lies- at our feet. A- few yards from- the porch are the famous Seal I&ocks;, two or three huge granite piles streaked with white from peli can deposits, and washed and worn by the waves into picturesque shapes, with a curious arch piercing the top of one. Here, during the summer months, these sea-lions or seals congregate as they do nowhere else in the world. On other coasts,- especially on tbe North Pacific, some of them climb ledges, but these isolated rocks, washed ou every side by the sea, are their pet resort. A wholesome Statelaw forbids the killingof them; so their Dumbers do not dimin-sh, and they are likely to remain permanently the great curiousity of the city. Son.e verv youn«r ones are not more than two feet long; the largest are twenty feet, and weigh 4,000 lbs. lhey bark like dogs, and on very dark nights,-}t is said, their voices enable pilots of incoming ships to find the entrance to the harbour. Fully^ a hundred lie upon the rocks. Ihroughan opera-glass we can study them with the greatest minuteness, Souie are sleeping in the sun, some crawling slowly up from the water, some nursing their young, and some fighting: One leviathan is scratch ing. his head with his huge flipper, while bis moony face contract into a puffy oleaginous scowli When still fresh from the water the lions are black but* their coats dry-to a dirty brown, like tbafc o£an>ordinary buffalo robe. A few, however,, are* afmost white. One theory is thai? some are white at particular seasons ;; another that all grow white with age.-^ They are said to have the slowest cir culation of any warm-blooded animals and to sfey under water from half to three-quarters of an hour at a time. Their eyes are match Jess,. large, liquid, and tender. As they sit with their heads erect, their necks and shoulders do have a leonine took. While crawling «p the rocks they suggest primeval monsters or enormous blood- suckers. Their heads are wolf-shaped ; hence, I suppose, the bpanish name for these rocks-I obos Point. Still, a white one swimming in t&e; water looks quite enough like a human being to have' originated- the fable of the mermaid among old mariners. ,Tbe tail, too, ends in a fin, in orthodox merniaid fashion, aridthecry of a young one is strangely like the'wail of an infant-though it does riot proceed from fhe infant of a whale. .. As a general rule sea-. lions don't walk about seeking whom' they niay devour; but one of our group tells roe down the coast a lady saw one lying upon the saiid, and, supposing it to be dead, touched it with her parasol. It proved to be only asleep ; the stroke awoke it; she turned to fly, and it went lumbering after her. While I she ran, shrieking with terror, a gentlemen, of ber party came up and despatched the i animal with his revolver- Whether this be .history, or a " Californian yarn,'' I have not the least idea. Breakfast interrupts our observations, and we sit down to it «ith keen appetites. Pro fusion and excellence are the characteristics of all CaUforaian meals. At this white wine serves instead of coffee, and conversation flows like a river. Colonel Foster, our host, recalls the days when he used to go down to the sea in ships; Harry Linden lives his ad venturer in Mexico over again; Swinton invokes the ghosts of the Army of the Poto mac ; and, at short intervals, Evans blos soms.in some fresh story,- always droller and more extravagant than the last. The meal ends with a California fruit offering- straw berries, raspberries, apricots, enormous peaches, fresh figs, and mangoes, all produced near San Francisco, and thus early in the season. The mango, a little larger than a beii's egg, tastes somewhat like the banana, but has a richer tropical flavour. Breakfast over, we make our adieus to the nous and turn homewarb. -Correspondent of the New York Tribune. 