ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATBES, $c, •* Give B» Ie«T» . . To «peak my' mind."-r-SHAKSpi:A.R«. I find there are a groat many people who resent the fact of other people having opinions. - Daring the past wedk I could have wished I had been a pure abstraction. If I had had to gain adegroe, the condition being that I should successfully defend my thesis of Beit Bandmann, I should certainly have deserved, however little I might have secured, my degree. I have met with objections to every portion of his Hamlet, and I have met with extravagant admiration of every portion , of it The story of the painter and his picture has been realised. Herr Bandmann has been blotted all over both with admiration and censure. I have become -confirmed in an opinion I have long privately held, that with some people, it is quite , a matter of chance what view they will take of anything, and. especially of an actor. I am not now considering those peculiarly-constituted per sons who wait only to see what other people say, in order t6 say something exactly the opposite. I daze say it is necessary, as part pf, the economy pf society, that such persons fbould .exist, though I cannot always dis cover thq necessity. They exist. Let us be 'thankful there are not many of It is npt, I say, these to whom -I' am now referring. I am speaking, of another class who, never reason, and who do not.ygcy much feelwho form their opinions as] jfkey wear their coats—accordi^,to the accident of fashion or the counsel of the tailor. These people are troublesome. They object and ask questions, and they cannot tell yon wherefore. By these it will be demanded pf yon—" Why do yon like Here Bandmann ?" " Do,you like him as much as yon like Mr,, Montgomery 1" " Don't yon think bis first fujtisfiat!" "Don'tyou think he looks sleepy in the interview with the ghost 1" "Don't .yon think he dresses the part too elaborately ?' "fWby(doeshe not do the business that Mr.. Montgomery does in the ' Gp to a nunnery' edene?" " Don'tyouthinkhediestamely?" "Is it^not a mistake to bring in Fortinbras at the end t" " Did Shakspeare introduoe Fortiu- i I?" "How about Hamlet's father's .ghost through the picture of Hamlet's, nuclei" "Why don't they have a proper curtain, and prevent us seeing Polonius get up< after he jus run through the body 1" Bn(l fifty other questions, to all of which answprs might be given, but which are put out of sheer idleness of curiosity, Some pf, them will tell ypn Here Bandmann's Hamlet is not the Hamlet they expected; that it is not homo geneous. .Some will tell yap that, it is tod hloiopgeneous, and becomes monotonous. qtherewiUwbisper in confidence that it , is;, an imitation of Fechter's, or of svxient's Hamlet, and that, when Pechtpr >mes out ypo/wiil see. The buxriogof iete-FateF-flies goee iniat,.Qne par . and i^ut*t.tbe«¥nfi" itdoesm>t,e^engp . >*WF,haad. JJut thorn is anotherplass. WWihlefolkTrhp m, "HareHamimano'S; amlet, maMtnethink tmkm me Jpveuad bmmw qhtkmm tte mm p*k«f me read 'Hamlet'—a thing seldom done, though constantly talked about—makes mb feel,that there is in this wonderful drama (inch a mini of materials for theoccupatiop bfmy intellect that, I am thankful there ate such actora as he jwho, can bring rte into so excellent a frame of mind." With these fowl am glad to bave speech, for anything that can help J us {to a better understanding of Shakspeare,_ or to the discovery of more of those marvels of meaning of which he is so full, isagainof which One may be glad. foriwhose opinions I have the most abundant respect,. I have had a conversation respect ing Herr Bandmann's holding the cross of his swdrd before him, as be follows the ghost from the first to the second of thefghost scenes My friend- thinks the action in l appropriate, inasmuch as Hamlet's already expressed confidence in the spirit^ of his father does away with the supposition that he doubts its benign character. The action is not without a certain measure of dramatic effect, but my friend thinks the effect is gained by the sacrifice of consistency. Ham let's breaking away from his companions suggests an absolute confidence in the super i natural visitant, but his immediately bringing I to his add the protection of the cross, argues a doubt of bis confidence. It seems as if to the " Go on, I'll follow thee, "lie added, "But, lest thpu be a devil, I'll shield me with the holy symbol of our faith." I am inclined to fhiuk my friend is right. Nevertheless, I can see how easy it will be to bring reasons for its adoption. Hamlet's character, it may be argued, is vacillating, and ^therefore it is quite in keeping with this disposition that he should, even after expressing his entire confidence in the ghost, im mediately question within himself whether his confidence be not ill- bestowed. Which ever way it he decided there is fair reason for the decision, and in any case it is a good thing if the discussion of such matters sets one thinVing. X do. not claim for Herr Bandmann's Hamlet the merit of perfection. He would be the first to disbelieve me if I said it were perfect, and I do not think he would like to believe it perfect himself, for it. would leave him no opportunity of forthpr improvement j and, after all, there is a possible truth in Alexander's tears at having no more worlds to conquer. It is somewhat lata perhaps, to speak of the rest of the cast in a performance which is now withdrawn, but-if it were-not late it might be said that Mrs. Steele's Queen is a very dignified and feeling piece of acting; that Mr. Ireland's King to very meritorious. fiwfl perhaps might be made more animated at times with advantage, but;that,at any rate the delivery of the speech in the fourth act is a most admirable elocutionary effort. The Horatio of Mr. Be&thes; has occasioned difotifiginii. I incline to regard it as a quiet and gentlemanly Horatio j some people con sider it tame and spiritless. But wbat wouk they have? Is Horatio to be in" King Cam byses' vein?" I trow tyrt. He is not an over-demonstrative man. His only oppor tunity for demonstration is in the " mope an antique Roman than a Dane" passage, pnd this jnuwngn, curiously. enough, Mr. Bahdmann has excised. Of the Ophelia I qui but say that if her acting had been as charming as her face, there would have been to complain of. But it was not; fofngh here again you perceivp what a differ ence of opinion there may he upon the same thing. There .are some young gentlemen who see no fault "in Miss Evans, and who tell hat nightly, in the language of flowers, nothing could be more charming. I can but ■ hope her judgment is better than the judg ment of these young gentlemen, and that she knows herself better than they do. Again, I have to ask why is Osric ever given to a lady? and why does riot the lady—playing a male character—dress herself as a gentleman, and not as one of a group in a burlesque scene. jtfr, Harwood has played a .character which , for the first time, has been presented south of the Nquator, So far as I know. Portinbras is not a prominent character, hut he has thp iwtwtimnKln' advantage of hairing the last wprd—an opportunity which, if Portinbras were a woman, would be regarded as of great value. It need hardly be said that Mr. Har wood plays Portinbras well He has, how ever, a little confused the qon-Sh akspeariau mind, in which he has bean confounded with the Ghost in consequence of his also dressing in silvery armour. So mnch the worse for thenon-Shakspearianmind, -I am not sure ,, .Hfet as Mr. Harwood played this presumed apparition, .the non-SJaakepearian mind did pdt take him for the ghpstof Polomas. {Speaking of " Hamlet," there is " Hamlet" alh> next door to the Theatre Royal, Mr. Htassey playing the leadingcbaractor. Pro-. bablyyou are one of those remarkable persons who cannot laugh at Mr. Hussey. If so; X beg you will not take the trouble to go and see hh Hamlet But it is worth the seeing for c^ll that,; it is a clever Hamlet of the iUegjtimato ecjrt. And speaking of illegitimate perform ances, the Haymarkei orJDidteof Edinburgh —)X wish they,would eajfctia]wbicbit is to be;, ot give it a new .name altogether—was re opened last Saturday night, for what the <^vertiaemente call "TheHigh School of the rmna." I am utterly unable to tell yog the eanipgof this feU-bpdiedpbrase. X do not __^iow what a "gymna" ia, J never to my re collection saw a "gymna." The Greek gymn&q; wris simply a wauiwho worepo clothes, and, tqeGreek^y?ftttas((wwasaplacewheratheVi//«^ jtook. bodUyexercisea. Gpnum, may haply represent the Greek lady who did not trouble the modiste of that period, but even eliding rijesigtna, for better convenience of getting', af the word, we.gre pp bettor off; for though there is rg lady fa the "high school of the . Gymna" pt the Hayqiarhetj, she, deep not, perform ,$be Wwpchplostic btodnese-thatk s^e -dqes not^xang frpm .the roofj so that (t would npt he truly descriptive, pffywm01* aftoy >ej. ;4hWtttor,,therp,.: M -w^.jrpqpiwd, iWm] information opnoeming the exact meaning of tikis term of "Gymna." Pending this investigation, it may be remarked that the students of this "high school," how at the iHaymarket, have been diligent cultivators of' their art To be sdre! they do nothing which has not been quite as well done here many times before, but what they do is well done. The feats overhead are quite as alarming as most of the feats of a similar kind for which this house especially has acquired a sort of historical reputation. " In addition .to the title of "The High School of the Gymna," the bills most circum stantially inform us, in correct French, who these high scholars are, and then most con siderately give a translation in brackets for the information of all whom it may concern; Thus we have " Les fils do 1'air" and then immediately below (" The Sons of the Ait") Still further we have "CompagnieEspagaole et Franjaise Acrobatique et Gymnastiqne, and then the obliging bracketed 'translation' ("Spanish and French 'Acrobatique and Gymnastic Company.") Nbw this furnishing of useful information by means of playbills is most considerate on the part of the manage ment, and Mr. Roberts deserves the thanks of " the high school of the gymna"-lovrag public for. giving playbillB containing thtese particulars. The " high school of the gymna," however, - does not constitute the sole attraction at this, theatre. Mr. Bromley, a gentleman who tried - hard toamuse the,public at the Polytechnic; some months ago, fills up interspaces. Bat , the gallery boys do not seem properly sensible ' of Mr. Bromley's humour, and the pit are not enthusiastic on the subject of his singing. And yet Mr. Bromley has a voice of some power, and he tries very hard tp be funny. The more he tries, however, theless funny he is. I think .his line is the " When other lips and other hearts" line. He might, be very effective in "Meet me by moonlight aloue," or "Wilt thou love me then as now," but the "Tommy Dodd" business—inane under any circumstances—is more inane still when' it is theimitation of an inanity. But Mr. Taylor is clever on the skates, and he is so genuinely funny in his representation of whatpeopledo who are learning to skate, that if you happen to have become depressed by; the gloominess and frowsinfcSS of the hoyse—and. it is dreadfully gloomy And frowsy—Mr. Taylor will help you for a time out of the gloom. Reverting to the "high school," if it is desired to know which is the cleverest thing done by the high school, I think the pedal exercises with the globe, the performer lying (!) on the small of Ms back at the top of a pole some 18 feet long balanced by a strong man who seems as he had been bom on the top of a pole, and had., done nothing but balance poles from bis infancy to this time, is the cleverest There ' are no downs/but Mr. Roberts hah contrived a practical: joke in the shape of a cracked i band, which for utterly cracked crookedness is the crackedest thing in cracked bands I or : anybody dte ever listened to. I could write a chapter on this band. i JAQUES. \ 