Early next year a new Parliament will have to be. elected, and owing to the many and important changes in -our domestic polity that have taken place since the present one was summoned, the event will be invested witli more than common interest "Unlike those Parliaments that have been dissolved by the i action of party after a brief life, it will be ushered into tho political world through the quiet natural decay of its predecessor, affording a practical illustration of how far it is judicious to prolong to such an extent the existence of the highest deliberative assembly in the country. Upon a retrospective view of the more important acts of legislation, we expect it will be generally conceded that it would be advisable to limit the duration of Parlia ments to three years, which would afford the electo rules the opportunity of a more eflectual control over their representatives, and a safer valve for public opinion. In the present instance the Parliament that is now about ta give up the ghost has commendably worked for the interests of the country, and if its debates have been at times acrimonious and tainted with personalities, there liavo been some fine expositions of patriotism, and a tendency tc maintain independence worthy of such an august assembly. We should rather considei the great results than stop to canvass tin .tortuous processes by which they have beer , attained. The long acquaintance that most o: the constituencies have had with their repre sontatives will prove of value on the occasior 1 v-of the general election ; in those instances ii which tho" representatives have discharged theii parliamentary duties with ability and assiduity, the honour of re-election will ho easily secured ; the reverse of such conduct will have its reverse consequence. As regards the electorate of Yass Plains, the constituency has had so little to do with the parliamentary business of the country since the nomination and election of that perfect Chesterfield of a gentleman, Mr. Robert Mackintosh Isaacs, that tho electors have almost forgottteu that theoretically they had a share in tho Govern ment of the country. Although their know ledge of Air. Isaacs docs not extend to such a length as that of some constituencies with their members, it is amply sufficient for tho formation of an opinion as to' his worth as a representative. We are not so unreasonable as to suppose that professional men occupying seats in the Legislature, and whose time must naturally be divided between tho dual duties of their position, Ciin bo continually on their feet in tho House advocating some petty local matter in which their distant constituencies are so much absorbed, or be daily writing to them in reply to every frivolous question that on the spur of tho moment, and in consider ation of their having "a member," thov com- munioutc -to tl»o honourable gentleman; but every constituency has a right to consideration at tho hands of its representative, and a neglect of that consideration is a natural forfeiture of confidence. It is not probable that Mr. Isaacs ever intended to offer himself again for the representation of Yass Plains, but that does not shield him from just censure for having treated the electors with the greatest possible discourtesy. Wo are not aware that more than one letter has been received from that gentleman in his repre sentative capacity by any elector, while numerous communications to liini, embodying the sentiments of tho constituency, have been treated by liini with cold silence. We have no recollection of ever having seen his name figuring in the parliamentary debates in con nection with any local matter, and we are very certain that 011 no occasion that has presented itself lias ho shown the simillcst interest in the affairs of the electorate. There is a growing distaste to representation by lawyers, and tho conduct of Air. Isaacs cannot otherwise than increase it. Professional men in new colonies are so absorbed in pushing their fortunes through tho legitimate channels of their occupation as to be unable to devote the requisite tinio to legislatorial duties ; and, generally speaking, their habits of thought ill adapt them for the arena of a deliberative assembly. In the House of Commons the learned profession is represented by men whoso practice has long secured them an ample competency, whose independence indeed has been attained; and who are scholarly acquainted with constitutional law. Ill the colonial legislatures the case is widely different, and even the best of the profession regard -representa tive honours us a means of self-aggrandisement-. T> -nrrvi.Ll l.o p. I-.. i.n fin.. tl> lo now to consider the subject of its future representation. It has been so long neglected that everything like cautiousness and prepared ness should be exercised. There is a pet idea with most constituencies that representation cannot be effective unless by a local man; that no person is so capable of serving the interests of an electorate as one who has resided in the midst of tho electors. Wc dissent from such an opinion, and for the reason that ail election so based is liable to be under the influence oi some particular clique. The special require ments of an electorate can be easily ascertained by a non-resident candidate, while tho fact ol his not being influenced liy that close friendship with any individuals amongst the constituents, which must occur by local residence, leave.' \- him free to serve the entire electorate with the strictest impartiality. In new colonies few country residents can separate themselves from their avocations to attend with regularity their parliamentary duties. At tho very time their presence is most needed in the Assembly it is probable that their own domestic affairs may require their personal supervision. Un fortunately the business of Parliament lias never been so arranged as to afford the country members the opportunity of sit ting out a session without serious loss to their private interests. How can wc expect that such will ever bo the case until that horrible loquacity which seems to be almost inseparable from debates, gives place to a greater brevity of speech. In considering the subject of candidature, the principles of the candidate should enter largely into tho question. Wo have no desire to lower the character of a representative by making him merely a delegate, nor woidd we exact minute conditions as tho grounds of support ; but we contend that the general principles of a candi date should be. the guide to confidence, not merely the general and equivocal character of honesty and ability. There will be questions arising in the new Parliament that will affect that which has been done by its predecessor, and it will therefore be for the constituency to say whether it is or is not content with certain great changes that liavo been effected during the last five years. New Pot.t.ino Place.— Gunning Flat lias been nomiratcd a polling place for taking tho poll at tho election of members to serve in tho Legisla tive Assombly of Now South Wules, for tho Electoral District ot the Bach lan. New Insolvent. — John Clarke, of Wagga Wugga, innkoopcr. Liabilities, £3-105 10s. 3d., of which £3110 5s. 3d. is secured. Assets, £-1575 2s. 5d. Mr. Sempill, official assignee, Immigration. — An alteration has been mado in administrative arrangements, charging the Colo nial Socretury with tlio conduct of tho business connected with immigration. Tender Accented. — Mr. John Woston — Con tracts 9, 10, and 11-09, Groat Southern Road, 3rd district, 1st division. Tiie Puiilic School at "Wagga Wagga. — The Council of Education have, wo hoar, npprovodof tho proposals of tho Local Board for tho pur chase ol a pioco of land from Air. Tompson for the contemplated now school building, and arc now engaged upon tho preparation of the plans. As soon as theso have boon sent up, arrange ments will, we believe, immediately bo mado for tho orootion of tho school and tho disposal of the site and hiiildincrs of tlio existine sclinnl Express. 