AN ASSASSIN IN BERLIN CATHEDRAL. (Fromn the Times' Correspondent) Berlin, August 11. "I believe in God the Father, God the Son, and God the THoly Ghost." "You lie!" A shot, a cry, a general commotion. On Sunday, August 8, in the presence of a numer ous congregation this sncrilegious scene was enacted in the Cathedral Church of Berlin. Then Rev. H. Ieinrici wan standing before the altar reciting the Belief, when a young man, rising from a front seat and interrupting the clergyman, gave him the lie, and at once discharged a pistol at his breast. The next moment he was in tile hands of tihe sexton, and quietly suffered himself to be led away to the vestry. A portion of the congregation, seated at a distance, naving only heard the report and seen the curling smoke, swithout any definite notion of what was going on, immediately began to move towards the door, and creating considerable tumult; but those near the altar, who had been witnesses of the daring attempt, retained their seats. In preserving their composure they but imitated tihe noble example of the elegyman whoso life had just been placed in such jeopardy. The er. H. Heinrici was unhurt ; nor had the moral firmness of the man whose body the ball had missed been shaken. No sooner had the trying inter lude, the details of which seems to have been observed with terrible distinctness by those near, come to an end than tile intended victim calmly resumed reading the Creed, and with redoubled fervour, proclaimed that Belief the utterance of which had imperilled his life. After this the service was continued in accord ance with the prescribed ritual. The Roev. H. Heinrici left the altar, when the Rev. Dr. Kogel ascended the pulpit and preached a sermon, in which he introduced a passage expressive of his thanks to God for the miraculous escape of his clerical brother. Quiet had been speedily restored, and tihe greater portion of the congregation, agitated as they were by the most nowerful emotions, left the church only after the final benediction. In the meantime the criminal had been conducted by a policeman to the nearest station, and examined by a superior oficer. To all the questions put to him he replied with the utmost frankness and compo sure. He said : "Mfy name is Biland. I am 19 years of age, a Pro testant, and the son of a blacksmith, in tile village of Lank, connty of Lower Barnim, a few miles from Berlin. My parents sent me to a grammar-school, wishing me to become a candidate for the Ministry in the established Church. But my eyes were soon opened to the falsehood of the creed I was expected some day to teach, and my dislike was increased to disgust when I perceired that many of those pro fessing to believe it were liars at heart; I refused to pureue a career which had become so hateful to me, and resisted all attempts of my parents to force me to persevero. Eventually I saw myself left by them to my own devices, and began to study art -the dramatic art, I mean. I wished to become an actor and to preach to the public in my own way ; but the religious mendacity rampant around me gave me no rest. Some I saw uttering deliberate un truths, while othera,knowingthem to be sueh,listened with contemptuous indifference. Gradually I taught myself that some striking deed was indispensable to rouse the public mind from its apathy and chase away the mists of superstition. I therefore determined to seize the first favourable opportunity that offered for shooting a clergyman while in the act of uttering his accused perjuries. I have donoit. I have myselfcast the ball and done my best to render the shot fatal. I am sound in body and mind, and scorn the suggestion tlhat I have acted under the disturbing influence of temporary insanity. I perfectly knew what I was about, and am convinced there are many able to com prebend the disinterestedness of my purpose, though they may, perhaps, not approve the method chosen to compass it. My design was to shoot Mr. Heinrici, and I was prepared to pay the penalty of the deed." The event throws a light upon the sad state of re ligion in this country. I am afraid the prisoner was right in supposing that many will appreciate his mo tive, though they will abhor the deed. I have pre viously stated in these columns that three-fourths of all educated men in Germany are estranged from the dogmatic teaching of the Christian creed-estranged from it to the extent of disbelieving the sincerity of many of the clergy. Only a small fraction of the nation attends Divine service; the educated men, more especially, you meet in church on a Sunday are few and far between. The following article, referring to the above occur rence, is from the Spectator:- An infidel Torquemada, a man who prosecutes people unto death simply bemuse they affirm that they believe, who disbelieveA so strenuously that he will die on a gallows if only belief may be injured by his death, is a phenomenon worthl a little study, more especially as Biland, the young German who has just failed in an attempt to murder a Berlin clergyman for reading the Belief, is only the extreme expression of a sentiment visible in every corner of Europe. No clange is so marked or so remarkable in modern society as the change which has come over scepticism, the aggressiveness and, so to speak, the fanaticism which it begins to display. The ancient Epieurean tolerance, the faint, half-smiling, half-sleek contempt with which the disbeliever regarded the teaheorof any belief, the disposition to satire, the dislike to publicity, the placid confidence of secret strength, these here all disappeared from the unbelieving world ,to be replaced by the missionary spirit, the spirit which must speak out its fullness, which will protest whatever comes, which does not shrink in the last resort either from martyrdom or from slaughter. Parties are always milder in England than anywhere else, but even here the temper of those who deny is visibly rising higher and higher, till the sceptic denounces instead of quizzing the believer, till there are whole groups who look upon priests of all denominations as dangerous lunatics, till orthodoxy is so battered that it is compelled for the first time in English history to treat its opponents as on no equal footing. On the Continent the new spirit is far sterner. One grand cause of all this sway towards Ultramontanism is the feeling of the priesthood that they are at war with internecine foes, that unless they are organised like an army the Church will go down, and go down, as Montalombert has repeatedly prophesied, in blood. Inn Spain, Italy, and Southern France every movement which paralyses authority brings hundreds of Bilands to the surfacee,-men who want to kill priests because they are priests, as Torqueomada wanted to kill heretirs because they were hIretics ; who do not simply dis believe, but hate belief. In Austria the one thing for which men will fight in the streets is to put down the clergy, in Belgium priests are the first victims of every commotion, and oven among the more tempe rate races of the North, the conflict is becoming savage. It is not in the temper of Gibbon that mene bind themselves by oath not to be buried in consecrated ground, or that journalists, as the Times' correspondent writes from Berlin, refuse even to discuss an assassination because its object was a clergyman, and really the life or death of a clergy man cannot matter to human beings. "It's just a pented bredd," said John Kno, as lihe flun the image of the virgin into the sea. "You lie !" says the young Biland as he fires at the clergyman for repeat ing his Belief; and though the motive of the two acts may have been as different as their morality, tile im polling fury of conviction was clearly as hot in one as in the other. We see no reason to doubt the sub stantial truth of Biland's confession, his desire risilng to a maniacal crave to do away with lying, as lie thought it, somehow, even if need be by violence and crime. It is the spirit of the old world come up again, and enlisted in a new and one would have thought a strangely foreign service, the propagation of disbelief. As of old, too, this hot flame is developed from great masses of fuliginous matter not in them selves casy to light. Ravaillne could not have existed had not great masses of men in Franco been ardently Catholir, nor could Bilnnd have been developed had not disbelief been the creed of many tlhousands of quiescent Gernmns. Tile Times' correspondent, when lie save that three-fourths of all Northera Germans regard Christianity as a dead creed, an "Asiatic" belief,-ns if any truth could be tested by a quadrant, -may be exaggerating, but we received and publishned some months since precisely the some account frIon ITesse, it is confirmed in many essentials by Dr. L.ehn maom, who is orthodox, and it is not two years sinee the Austrian Reichsrath rose to its feet shouting that it believed omly in the gospel of Darwin. Disbelief is invading entire populations like a creed, as it advances, and gathers strength and fury fron the electricity which multitudes develop, it is becoming aggressive, angry, inclined to use the "short methods" towards which power inl all ages has felt disposed. W\hat will be the result of it all, we mean the immediate result?-for the sllimaoe result, the revivi fication of Christianity as a living force once more controlling tile minds of men, is to our minds as cer lain as the flow of the now ebbing tide. A great many observers whomr? as a rule0 we heartil- respect believe that it will be unmixed evil, a revival of Paganism in Europe, or the disappearance of all creeds under a deposit of the earthly secularism to which the Teutonic race, now so rapidly rising to the dominance of the world, has at intervals shown itself so inclined, but we feel little sympathy with that pessimist view. It is very doubtful, to our minds, sorrowful as the doubt may be, whether the Divine road for the nations may not again take them through the Red Sea, whether Humanity, crusted over as it is with strange superlsitions, may not need a baptism of unbelief to clean it from its barnacles. The defenders of super-naturalism, we fear, will need to be nearly drowned before they will cast away some of the bag gage which now impedes their march and renders a charge impossible ; before they will give up sacer dotalism, the belief that one man can be made by external action nearer to God than another; terrorism, the astounding belief that God could punish a difference of opinion with external tor ture; verbal inspiration, the dogma under which all English churches are more or less staggering helplessly along; and, above all, " consistency," the profound conviction that it is good-or not bad-to lie in order to prevent scandal ; that if a man believes in God and Christ he is morally bound to affect to believe in a heap of other things, as, for example, the literal truth of the Mhosaic idea of the creation, or the story of the fall, in which he does not believe in the least degree. If the flood of disbelief did spread over the world, those who emerged from it would at least be sincere, would "hold" nothing they did not hold, would be ready to live and die for the faith that was in them. Anything that compelled sincerity, a genuine passion for truth, would be a good, even if it were a temporary subsidence of Christianity; and for ourselves, we still hope that the remedy will not be so desperate as that. The advance of the army of invasion will call up the army of defence, and that army, for its own sake, will carry no needless impedi ments. When unbelief is rising to a point at which belief is declared impossible, and assertion of belief a mere hypeclisy, the teachers of belief must in self-de. fenceexamineithemselves, eeho??wfartheya oopentotin, bcharge, and put ofna encumbrances any dogmas which hey cannot heartily say, they do distinctly believe. They will see, for example, that to base the necessity of a reconciliation of man to God on an old Hebrew allegory about the cause of that necessity is folly, that their great truth must be defended with a far less brittle weapon than the verbal inspiration of a book in which translators, and even printers, hare often made serious errors. They will for their own sakes clear their minds of even uncon eious insincerities, thus at once depriving their ene mies of their strongest arguments and of their most bitter cause of animosity. The first and most immso diate result of the result of the new tyranny of Unbe. ief will, we believe, be greater freedom for believers. 