OTJR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent. Friday, April 23, 1869. One of the moat prominent signs of the times is the greater interest which the mother country is taking in her fifty colonial children. There have always been, as a matter of course, favored daughttrs and troublesome daughters. Victoria and Canada belong to the former category, the Cape and New Zealand to the latter. But the neglected colonies are now getting their due, and South Australia is coming in for its share of attention. The Timet generally gives, ih its money article, a monthly paragraph of some 20 or 30 lines about your colony (and other papers n larger proportion); but to-day the British public is favored with half a column of South Australian news by the incoming mail, and % few days ago attention was called to the remark able discovery and properties of " mineral caoutchouc," as found in the sandy portions of. your soil, which promises to be highly useful?*^*, for gas-producing purposes, and in the manufac ture of certain dyes, and is belived to indicate the existence of oils or other carboniferous deposits beneath the surface. ■ I also observe that the Australian Gazette, which often con tains papers of considerable value relative to South Australian questions, has been publishing a series of papers on emigration to the various Australian colonies; and tlie specific method in. each, which have just been brought to a close.' In reference to your colony it is remarked that the Government " offers no other inducement to emigrants [than such as are to [he found in the existence of a well-regulated and prosperous community, a fertile country, and a pleasant climate. The English emigrant arriving , at Adelaide will find his lot cast in a country so' English in its surroundings, that he will feel a, difficulty in realising the three months' water journey he has taken. English manners and customs prevail, and comfort and competence, too often wanting in England, is the rule." The relations of the colonies to the mother country was the subject of an interesting and thoughtful paper read by Mr. Wm. Westgarth,, late of Victoria, at the second meeting of the Colonial Society, held on the 5th instant; Lord Bury occupied the chair, and a considerablenum ber of distinguished colonists were present. Mr. Westgarth noticed the complete change which has of late years taken place in relation to the mother country and her daughters, and tho cordial feeling which now obtains between them. The colonies (that is, those of the i British race) have attained their cherished 1 object of self-government, while the Home Go vernment axe just arriving at a result that has been latterly at least as much desired on their ■ part, namely, that all expense of these colonies to the Imperial Treasury shall cease now that they have entered on the charge of their own affairs. The portion of the paper which excited the greatest interest in the meeting was that relating to foreign war; on which subject Mr. "Westgarth started the following hypo thetical view. The colonies, he said— • the self-governed of course more particularly— i were getting more and more into the position' ' of societies separated, politically and to some extent socially, .from this country^ Were matters not drifting into a. position to afford grounds for a new international public law by which colonies, in event of war, might claim to ' be neutral? -qngland might say to an enemy—" 'Take your choice; will you have me only < against you, or me and my score or two of family?' And it is just possible an enemy might prefer the first. England, however, must be ready for ^either, and must in honor, and even in self-interest, defend and avenge her . colonies ; and they are not in such cases causing expense to her, but she to them. The'colonies generally, however, have commenced a system of self-defence, which in the chief ones, such as the Canadian Dominion and the Australian _ colonies, is already formidable. Victoria is just i completing a defensive system adequate, in the" opinion of the colony, to meet any hostile force that was ever likely to be sent to that remote part of the world. The colo-' nial spirit was admirable, for as Mr. Ver- • don, the Victorian Agent-General, had stated^ the colonists would be as willing as xhey were able to meet their country's enemies.". An interesting discussion followed the reading of the paper. In reference to colonial defence, the Marquis of Normanby, in moving a vote of thanks to the lecturer, strongly alluded to the unfordinate results of Imperial intervention in New Zealand and South Africa, contending that in both dependencies the colonists themselves would have so managed matters from the first, had the management been left solely to them, that there would have been no such wars ha have unfortunately occurred. Sir "William Denison, in seconding the motion, took occasion to differ from some things in the paper just read. Sir William could not tolerate the idea " of a colonial neutrality during war, nor did he think our, colonies would entertain the idea. They would stand by the flag, and England must stand by them. And in that spirit he did'1 not agree with that grudging mind that looked at every penny the colonies cost and tried to eliminate the item. Our • colonies were and ought to be part of our selves as much as any other part of us. ; Sir Francis Hincks excited the applause of the meeting by expressing his opinion that the celonial connection need never be severed. No matter to what extent in power the colonies attained in the future, he could see no occasion for separation. Indeed, he believed that but: for the unfortunate course taken a century ago, the United States might have been part of our. colonies to thi3 hour, and what a beneficial power in that case might not the British empire have been to the world! In bringing the meet ing to a close, the President remarked that the paper had been a very suitable one tc'in augurate what he hoped would be a continuous series. It is almost superfluous to speak of the great value of the discussion of such prob lems as Mr. Westgarth submitted to the Colonial Society. Such topics, handled in this fashion at home, will be rediscussed in the colonies, and thus the relations between Great Britain and her colonies will be placed more securely upon the only satisfactory basis—that of intel ligent and satisfactory accord as to the condi tions which attach to it. The various experimental efforts at popu larising the use of Australian beef and mutton in the mother country are being actively con tinued, and with considerable success. The mutton preserved in tins has now acquired an excellent reputation, both in England and on the Continent, the results being alarge increase in the demand for this description of food— a circumstance to which the recent decision^ of the English Government to include Australian meats among the provisions used by the royal navy, has partially contributed. The colonial meat-preservers enjoynumerousadvantages oyer their English and other rivals, the superior • quality and greater cheapness of Australian ■ preserved meats rendering its usefulness almost illimitable, especially when considered in re lation to the fact that in England during the last few years the prices of every description of animal food have exhibited^ an upward ten dency. It matters ve y little, so far as the English public are concerned, from what particular colony or colonies, the beef and mutton may come, so long as it is really of Australian origin. The animal food produce of South Australia, if properly prepared and placed in the markets, possesses quite as good a chance as the preserved meats from Victoria. or New South Wales, But, large as the trade in tinned meats seems destined to become, that in meats cured by pickling and smoking in the ordinary way bids fair to become even greater. The readiness with which English working men and working women purchase Australian meats prepared ready for immediate use, or sold in the form of sausage5, saveloys, &c.;, is almost incredi ble. The establishment of Mr. I). Tallerman, to. whose unassisted efforts much of the popularity of the colonial beef and mutton is due, boasts a very large retail trade, principally among the laboring classes, who flock thither from all parta . of London for the purpose of obtaining the—to . many of them—unwonted luxury of a penny plateful of meat and mashed potatoes.^ Branch establishments are being opened in various parts of the metropolis, and before many weeks have elapsed, Australian meat will be procurable^ in every London neighborhood. Its consumption is also being extended to Manchester and other places in the provinces. The meat as it now arrives from Melbourne is perfectly unexception able. All traces of undue sattness and smoki ness have disappeared. There cannot be the least doubt that the difficulty of bringing the meat in sound and palatable condition to Europe has been overcome; the real work now con sisting in its proper distribution after arrival. Establishments, like that of Mr. Taller-, mann's in Norton Folgate, require to be formed' in all the leading towns and: cities of the kingdom, aiid a complete' system of wholesale and retail agencies or ganised. But this necessitates the employment of plenty of capital. It is beyond the reach of a single individual or firm. If colonial capi talists were to take up this matter properly, they would find it afford a splendid field for the profitable exercise of their characteristic energy and enterprise. If, instead of wasting hundreds, and even thousands, of pounds on futile attempts at discovering new modes of pre serving meat, the money was employed in de veloping the demand for English beef and mutton, the results, both to the_ Australian •community and the English laboring popula tion, as well as to the investors themselves, would be far more remunerative, enduring, and beneficial. South Australian capital thus em ployed could be made to create a market which for years to come would absorb every, ton of South Australian meat exported from Adelaide to the northern hemisphere. The attempt to form an Australian Dinner Club in London has met with partial success only, the promoters having somewhat prema turely commenced the experiments and also committed the error of selecting for the pre liminary dinner a day just before the departure of the mail, when not only were the great bulk of colonists extremely busy in replying to letters, &c.;, but when several of the mora prominent Australians were engaged to attend at some of the annual charity dinners and meetings now so common. Although limited in numbers, the dinner was excellently served, South Australian wine, from the vineyard of Mr. Auld, forming a conspicuous feature of the evening. It is semething between a claret and a port, and was most favorably spoken of. Mr.1 A, McArthur, of Sydney, presided. The, speeches were thoroughly characteristic, and an unanimous wish expressed that the endeavor to form the Club be persevered with. _ The feelings of pain and indignation which have been awakened among the Australian com munity in Lngland by the publication of Mr. Dilke's "Greater Britain," with itsvgross and unwarrantable aspersions of colonial-life and character, its numerous inaccuracies, and its many absurd and mischievous misstatements, has; become intensified in consequence of Mr. Dilke, instead, ef acknowledging the errors, seeking to defend them. The fact that the whole of the English press, from the Times downwards, have united in praising the work, thereby giving it an air of authority calculated to mislead inexperienced readers, aggravates the evil influence exercised by the volume, which cannot fail to strengthen many of the unfounded and senseless prejudices entertained by large numbers of Englishpeople with respect to the colonies. The efforts of the Conservatives to unseat Mr. Torrens and his colleague in the repre sentation of Cambridge (Mr. Fowler) having completely failed, arrangements have been made for holding a great political demonstra tion in the town on the 5th May for the pur pose of celebrating the event. _ It is" expected to be one of the largest gatherings of the kind ever beheld in Cambridge of late years. Mr. TorreBS seems to have completely gained the confidence of his constituents. He has also been taking a very active part in connection with the movement now being initiated by the Social Science Association for the purpose of striving to promote more friendly feelings be tween capital and labor. But it is on the subject of emigration that Mr. Torrens is most readily listened to. At a recent meeting at Exeter Hall of the National Emigra tion Aid Association, of the Council of which Mr. Torrens is a member, he elicited consider able ap'plause from his hearers by his descrip tions of the advantages which South Australia possessed for those desirous of emigrating. When, in indignant' language, he declared that the poor of this country, especially the Devon shire agricultural laborers, were in a worse con dition than the blackfellows on the Murray River, the ringing cheers which greeted his words showed how strong and deep was the im pression made on the audience. A deputation •on-the subject is shortly to wait on the Home Secretary, and Mr. Torrens has been selected as one of the speakers. But it is not likely that the Government will be induced to abandon to any great extent its negative policy with respect to emigration. " While the Prince of Wales has been receiving the magnificent hospitality of the Viceroy of Egypt, and the Sultan, and Prince Alfred has been once more gladdeninjg'the hearts of Her Majesty's loyal subjects in Australia, their younger brother, Prince Arthur, has been making his debut in public life. Though not yet 20 years of age, His Royal Highness has offi ciated at several levees during the month, and performed his part in the courtly ceremonial with grace and self-possession. Before proceed ing to Canada to join his regiment there (as, I believe, an artillery officer), it was thought ex pedient at this juncture to send His Royal Highness on a tour through Ireland, The idea was a happy one, and the young Prince, though but just springing into manhood, has been able to do the State a real service.. He has won the beart of the Irish people, and elicited marked proofs of their loyal affections to his august mother. It was natural enough that he should ha well received in Dublin while the guest of Lord Lieutenant Earl Spencer, but as he proceeded southward the demonstrations of loyalty increased rather than diminished, though the weather has, for the most part, been very unfavorable, ""Welcome, Prince Patrick"—in allusion to the second name of His Royal Highness—has been the expression of popular feeling in Tip perary and Waterford, and elsewhere in the province of Munster. It has not been con fined to the gentry and middle classes, but has been common to all sections of the community. Congratulatory addresses, breathing sentiments of enthusiastic loyalty to the Queen, triumphal arches, and brilliant illuminations have greeted the young Prince in every town. Early in the •week he was among the Kerry mountains, at Killarney and elsewhere. "Strange to say," aay» a letter in the Times, " His Royal Highness has not found a single Fenian. In one of the reputed strongholds of disaffection he has not encountered one who by the slightest word or actionhasexpresseddisloyalty. On the contrary, he everywhere met with an enthusiastic welcome, j In the course of his tour the Prince paid a visit g to the Count de Jarnac at Thomastown Castle, where he received a deputation of Tipperary officials. ' The report says His Koyal Highness had displayed on bis breast the badge of the Order of St. Patrick. Addresses were presented and replied to, and during the proceedings the weather moderated a little, and the Prince, having encased himself in a grey overcoat of "Waterford frieze, expressed his willingness to brave any possible return of its inclemency, and Akeep an appoint cent which had been made for a visit to Cashel. His adoption of the native costume endeared him still more to the local re presentatives of Tipperary, They hailed the Prince in hi3 grey frieze coat as indeed a coun tryman. Here was a visible embodiment of national sympathy more expressive than a dozen speeches. It was a tangible proof that TTi'h Royal Highness was fully acclimatised, and was taking kindly to the habits of the Celts. When Prince Arthur was at Fermory he was to have received an address in Grant's Hotel, which had been most elaborately fitted up for the occasion, and was filled with all the ladies and aristocracy of the neighborhood. But thousands from all the country round had gathered in the streets, and remained there for several hours in a drenching rain. The Prixce, therefore, decided to receive^ the address in the open air, to the consternation of the select circle in the hotel. But the_ multitudes testified their extreme gratification, and clustered eagerly round the carriage to see and cheer " Prince Patrick," and to utter the wish—" May you come again soon." These incidents illustrate the tact of the young Prince, and help to account for his popularity. To the address of the inhabitants of Killarney (which beautiful district he saw with the advan tage_ of fine weather) His Eoyal Highness replied :—"'Your expressions of devoted attach ment to our gracious Queen will he most grati fying to Her Majesty, and the delicate tribute you have paid to the memory of the Prince Consort has touched me deeply. In the name of the Queen, my dear mother, do I thank you. Severed and honored as ever will he the memory of my dearly beloved father, he has set before me a blight example, which, however unequal I may be to the task, it shall, nevertheless, he my earnest endeavor to fol low." Meanwhile the Prince and Princess of Wales •have been enjoying the princely hospitality of the Commander of the Faithful. Prior to leaving Egypt they, in company with M. de Lesseps and his lady, inspected the gigantic works of the Suez Canal, which is already avail able throughout its course for ships of moderate burthen, and will be formally opened in October by the Empress Eugenie in person. When the Prince and Princess arrived at Constantinople they were entertained with a magnificence quit' unknown in these western regions. The special correspondent of the Times remarks :—" Each day has its labors of ceremonial, sight-seeing, feasting, visiting, and receptions, so that night comes on with a burden of sleep that cannot be denied, and the eyelid is scarcely well open in the morning before the duties of life begin im periously again." The outdoor displays have been wonderful from the moment that the Ariadne brought-to off the Castle of Asia, on the 31st of March, to the hour of her de parture on the 17th of April. Palaces of bewitching splendor were placed at the ser vice of the royal party, one of which they selected as a residence, and another they visited and admired. The Sultan in their honor gave his first Court dinner, and violated all the traditions of Turkish etiquette by sitting at table with ladies and ministers of state. Mus tapha Eazil Pasha, brother of the "Viceroy of Egypt, entertained the royal party at luncheon, .and. crowded his tables with fruit for which he had telegraphed to Paris. " It was more than Lucullian in cookery and in wines," exclaims the admiring correspondent of the Times. There was a state ball at the British Einhassy, at_ which the Sultan was present; a state visit of His Majesty to the Mosque, on which a fortune must have been spent. " There were guards of honor, carriages, saddle-horses, caiques, and an immense staff of servants, for ever on duty." 1' The table is crowded with gold and silver plate." Every morning the Sultan sent a pre sent of rare flowers and fruit. Pipes, "with amber mouth-pieces of fabulous value, and crested with hundreds of diamonds and rubies," were handed round along with coffee in tiny onps ^fitting into stands blazing with jewels. Such unique hospitality deserved prompt recog nition, and Queen Victoria telegraphed her cordial thanks to the Sultan. His Highness, morever, has ordered to be prepared from the Crown jewels a magnificent bracelet, which is valued at £10,000, to present to the Princess as a souvenir of her visit to Constantinople. One might be disposed to doubt the prudence of this lavish outlay by a Government and a sovereign that are ever contracting new loans to discharge the interest on old ones, are over hea l and ears in debt, and are simply squandering the money of their English ereib'tors. Apropos of this memorable visit, the Times notes the change that has come over the Turks and their capital: — " With just enough of the old Asiatic fashions to give picturesqueness to the scene, there were mingled very evident signs of innovation and progress. The Ottoman Government is no longer much in arrear of the world. The Turkish infantry carry breech-loading rifle3, the artillery have Armstrong guns, heavy iron-olads are afloat in the Bosphorus ; and it is said that the Sultan could put 800,000 men in the field." In my last letter I described the first stage of the struggle in the House of Commons on the Irish Church Bill, the second reading of which was carried by the decisive majority of 118—the largest upon any question of first-rate importance known for more than a generation past. The Bill was put down for Committee on the 15th of April. It was discussed again under somewhat new circumstances. First Mr. Disraeli, not very willingly, I dare say, was bidden by a meeting of Conservative peers and members to take the matter in hand, and he concocted a series of amendments which, if carried, would restore or hand over to the Irish . Church nearly all its property, leaving May ! nooth andPresbyterianism to find compensation out of the Imperial exchequer! The second new element, in the question was the meeting of the Irish Church Synod in Dublin. I' was, however, well known beforehand what course the assembly would take. They simply raised the "No Surrender" flag, and the speeches were one prolonged protest. This course was not only unexpected, but will hardly be regarded as unnatural under the circumstances. The Irish Episcopalians have got till 1871, to organise themselves into a Free Church, when, if they have declined to do so, their whole property will he vested in the Commission appointed by the Bill. They are consequently in no hurry. Ebullitions of anger and* threats of resistance at present cost them nothing, but may (as they think) help to modify if not defeat "the Bill. But they have shown a facility in organization, and a una nimity of feeling, which may hereafter be turned to good account. The Synod was a genuine representative body, and ere long its 500 members may be again convened. A standing Committee was appointed to watch the progress of the measure, which will doubt less convene the Synod again when circum stances require it. "When the Bill came up again yesterday week, Mr. Newdegate stopped the -way with an amendment to go into Committee that day six months. An evening was thus lost, though the Government and the Bill acquired moral strength by the useless discussion. For an hour and a half the hon. member for North Warwickshire, in his most sepulchral tones, delivered himself of his solemn warnings. Mr. Newdegate had refused to be introduced in the tea-room of the House of Commons. This statement excited much merriment. After he had spoken, the opponents of the Bill had it all their own way, with the exception of a good deal of noisy interruption. Mr. Greene, Mr. Chorley, Sir H. Bruce, Mr. Iiaikes, Mr. Holt, and Lord Sandon, each uttered his protest, but no one rose on the Ministerial side to answer them, save Mr. Gladstone, who, when the Opposition had talked itself out, made a general and a conciliatory reply, in the course of which he adverted to the service which had been done to himself and the Bill by the dis crepancies of opinion revealed among his anta gonists. and twitted Mr. Newdegate with know ing more of the intentions of the Pope than himself. One of the points in reply was admi rably put. Mr. Newdcgatehad said the Bill was concocted because the Pope wanted it:—Wba'. astonishes me (said Mr. Gladstone) is this, that the hoa. gentleman with his sound Protes tantism, should recognise the demand of the Pope as an adequate and sufficient reason— ' (" Oh ["laughter and cheers)—or that he should have the credulity to suppose that the majority of his countiymen were ready torecognise such a demand. Whether that demand will be made, I do not presume to say. - The hon. member, I dare say, is much better informed of the intentions of the Pope than I am. (Laughter.) He has evidently acquired a familiarity with the probable movements of that great personage, for he meets him at_ every turn. When we point out to him the Presbyterians of Scotland ardently desiring this measure, his answer i3 that he can see under the gown of John Knox nothing but the spectre of the Pope of JEtome. (Laughter.) If we refer to the Nonconformists of England, that powerful body who certainly, as far as I can understand, will not consent to take a second place as compared with any ottmr portion of the community or of the Christian world in claiming the honors of Protestantism, still the hon."''member cannot dislodge from his mind this extraordinary phantom, or free himself from the delusion that the whole agency, again, and the convictions of the Nonconformists, are to be referred to the secret and subtle influence of the Pope. (Laughter.) Now, is it not par donable in us if we decline to enter into detailed argumentation upon such wild chimeras as these? (Cheers.) Aud am I not justified in offering one general reply to the lion, gentleman in a few pithy words which occurred towards the close of his speech, where he said, "'No man can argue with fears." The fears of the lion, gentleman are so wakeful and so subtle that I think they would fairly elude ?ny grasp that one might endeavor to lay on them. (Cheers.) The House resolved to go into Com mittee by a majority of 126. Next evening (Friday) the Opposition leader had his innings. The second clause, which enacts the Disestablishment of the Irish Church, was met by an ameudment of Mr. Disrali's for its omission. Nothing, says an eye-witness of the scene, could have been more hollow, more inapt, more crowded with paradoxical asser tions, than the speech with which he prefaced his motion; and his o it ward bearing corres ponded closely with the character of his argu ment. He appeared to be laboring for the maintenance of a policy in which he had not himself the slight, st faith. He was evidently the advocate of doctrines with which, whether as a philosopher or a states man, hs had no sympathy. _ He did not even maintain the attention, much less excite the enthusiasm of those who sat behind him. The House rapidly thinned during the delivery of his not over- lengthened speech. The Attorney-General followed him, and with great simplicity and some force disposed of the new riddles which the right hon. gentleman had given to the Committee to solve. Then came a battle of the lawyers, in which Dr. Ball, Sir Boundell Palmer, Mr. "Walpole, and Mr. Sullivan joiued issue. The discussion afterwards took a somewhat more general turn. Mr. Gladstone reviewed the discussion with great firmness of judgment and vigor of expression; bu t Mr. Disraeli, rousing himself from his comparative apathy in the earlier part of the evening, concluded the debate with a passionate declamation, in which he reiterated, hut in a somewhat modified sense, his previous paradoxes, and endeavored to overwhelm his political antagonist by ascrib ing to him the utterance of principles which, in their logical application, would involve England and Scotland, as well as Ireland, "in gentral ruin, and an entire dissolution of the bonds of society." A few quiet words of ex planation and correction from Mr. Gladstone took the sting out of this fierce invective, and the Committee resolved on the disestablish ment clause of the Bill by a majority of 123. On Monday the Committee was resumed, and Mr. Disraeli being absent in consequence of an attack of gout, his place was supplied by Mr. Gathorne Hardy, who was unusually measured iu his opposition, and strove, not always effec tually, to keep his friends in order. Three points were discussed, and decided: the first, that the Bill should come into force, so far as its disestablishing clause was concerned, on the 1st of January, 1871.£Mr. Disraeli's amendment would have made it 1872, but after a brief debate it was rejected by a majority of 107. The section relating to the constitution and powers of the Commissioners having been postponed, that which comprehends the disendowment clauses came on for discussion. Those clauses, too, were carried with only verbal amend ments by a majority of 101. The Com mittee then advanced to the compensa tion clauses, and the first great ques tion of debate was whether the com pensation to be given to holders of benefices should be diminished by deducting from their annual imcome the salaries they had been accustomed to give to permanent curates. Many appeals were made to the compassionate generosity of the Committee on behalf of curates by members who did not seem thunder stand that the clause they were discussing had relation, not to the interest of curates, but to those of incumbents. The Attorney- General for Ireland, the Solicitor-General, and Mr. Gladstone, placed the matter in the clearest light, and the result was that the deduction proposed to be insisted on was refused by a majority of 98 votes. The position taken up by Mr. Disraeli on Friday night is likely to have very serious results for himself as a party leader. It will alienate for him the support of the influential High Church clergy, whose spe cial abhorrence is the doctrine of the royal supremacy, of which the right hon. gentleman has become so enamored. As a body, they supported him at the late general election. They are now told by their leader in Par liament that without its head the Church of England would have neither purity of doctrine, nor decorum of worship, nor a salutary disci pline, nor wise government. All these spiritual privileges, "so venerable and so legitimate," are secured to the Ohuruh by the authority and power of the Queen, and by nothing else. This, and this alone, is the rock on which the Church is founded, the guarantee that the gates of hell shall not prevail against her. Even to think of a Conservative High Churchman reading this, almost, says the Pall Mall Gazette, takes away one's breath. Hiiherto he has held that by an inscrutable decree of Providence, these perni cious doctrines were permitted to be held by men like Lord "We-tbury or Lnrd Cairns, but to have them openly preached by the political leader whom, wi'.li some misgivings, he has been accustomed to follow, must be an utterly unexpected blew. A politician who maintains that the Queen is the Anglican Pope, and that the best possible condition for the Church is to be under the absolute control of the State, will do well to make up his mind to dispense with sacerdotal support. Last night (Thursday) the House resumed the consideration of clause 14, and was occupied with it seme hours. _ The divisions in the course of the evening were marked by the usual majorities of 100 to 115 on the side of the Government, and if any supporter of the Ministry felt compunction in supporting the terms of compensation proposed by the Bid, it would he more than dispelled upon flue consi deration. " Irish rectors and Irish curates will be secured in the enjoyment of such incomes as they have hitherto received, and this is no slight matter; but it is scarcely neqessary to add that the Free Irish Episcopal Church of the future will be neither poor in wealth nor weak in spirit. The landholders of Ireland are Pro testant, and it cannot be supposed that the Irish gentry will be slack to support the minis ters of the communion to which they belong. The Church body will be endowed with churches, with ecclesiastical residences, and with commutations, and the reconstruction of the Irish Church will enable its governing Com mittee or Trustees to promote the claims of merit and of zeal in a degree little inferior to that hitherto possible under the or ganization of the Irish Establishment." The amendmeuts still to be debated refer to the constitution of the new Church body, the rate of commutation for life incomes, the disposition of the glebes and churches, the permanent en dowment for maintenance of worship as pro posed by Mr. Disraeli, the date from which private endowments are to be preserved for the Church, the redemption of the tithe-ient charge, the Jtegium, Donum and Maynooth com pensations, and. the application of the surplus, which Mr. "Whalley desires to see used for the redemption of the National Debt. The chief conflicts will arise upon the disposal of the glebe lands, which Sir Georg; Jehkinson would hand over entire, with all churches and schools, to the new Church body ; and as to the private endowments, the same member proposing to fix the year 1560 as the date from which private endowments shall belong to the Church. Mr. Disraeli would have all lands devised by Royal grant or statute since the second year of Elizabeth transferred to the Church body. There are thus materials for at least half a dozen more evenings' debate in Committee. On the third reading Captain Archdall is to move the extension of the Bill to England and Scot laud—a move in which some of the Conserva tive journa's seem to see much ground for hop ?. The unsatisfactory condition and inefficient services of the House of Lords has come up for discussion sooner than was expected. Early in the sestion a member of the Lower House called attention to the objectionable mode of eleoting the Scotch and Irish representative peers virtual monopoly in the hand- of the Duke of Buccleugh and Lord Derby respectively—and Mr. Gladstone replied that it was one of the questions of the future. Then the energetic Marquis of Salisbury has endeavored more equally to divide the initiative of legislation bei ween the two Houses, and has got a joint Committee to consider the subject. Earl Rus sell, having no particular work to do, and being averse to bo consigned to "dumb forgetfill ness," has revived the subject of life peers, with the view of reinforcing their lordships' House. The Whig veteran, according to the plan pro posed by him on the 9th instant, in a Bill submitted to the Lords, would give to the Crown power to create life Peerages to a limited number of persons possessed of certain defined qualifications. _ The number of these creations he would restrict to 28 an any one time, and to four in any one year. Thus it would take seven years from the passing of the Act to make up the total addition to the number of peers authorised to b& created under it—an interval exceeding the probable duration of any single Administration. Lord Russell's Bill de fines the different classes from whien life Peers are to be taken. Irish and Scotch peers; mem bers of the House of Commons of ten years' standing and upwards; naval and military officers who have achieved distinction in their respective services; puisne judges of any of the superior law courts, of two years' standing, and ex-Attorney-Generals and Lord Advocates; men eminent in science, art, and literature ; and men who have served the Crown for five years, with distinction, whether at home or abroad— are to be deemed qualified for selection by the Crown to sit and vote during their lifetime in the House of Lords. Th? Bill appears to have met with an indulgent and an ap proving reception by their Lordships' House. Mr. Lowe has been able to surprise the House of Commons and the country. His budget is unique and ingenious. In liis financial speech on ttft 8th the right lion, gentleman acted his part with consummate skill. Eirst he told his lugubrious story. The receipts for the year were estimated at £72,8 0,000, and the expen diture at £6S,223,000. Thus a nominal balance of £4,632,000 was exhibited after allowing for £2,261,000, the economies of the yeai\ But, alas! the surphis no sooner appeared as a phantom than it vanished. £4.600,000 is re quired to meet the extra cost of the Abyssinian war, and taking this huge amount off, there was left the mere ghost of a surplus in the shape of £32,000. The House being thus reduced to the depths of financial woe, the Chancellor of the Exchequer had recourse to his "Parliamentary magic" to raise its. spirits. The result is pithily in dicated in Punch's cartoon this week:— Professor Bob :—" There is no deception— the bag is empty. Hey, presto, pass ! (Pro duces the egg.) Surplus !!!" Professor Ben: " Why. we could ha' done that (Pauses)—if we'd only thought on it." The operation is highly ingenious, and is probably due in part' to Mr. Gladstone's financial cunning. Mr. Lowe proposes to transfer the collection of a number of taxes from parish officers to the Excise; to change most of the assessed taxes into licence duties, and to collect early next year not only the entire twelvemonth's income-tax, but the extra portion in arrears. Betwt en January and April it will be a "fat" quar er, and the charges will fall heavily on the taxpayers. Out of this arrangement coines an anti cipate^ surplus of £3,350,000, by means of which Mr. Lowe is able, to offer the country some considerable boons. " In the first place, the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposes to remit one penny in the income tax, whioh will be reduced from sixpence to fivepence. Next, Mr. Lowe proposes to abolish the remaining one shilling duty on corn, arrowroot, and other fari naceous articles, which yields £900,000 to the revenue. The fire insurance duty, which pre sents an obstacle to the forethought of the people in providing against calamity, is to be abolished. Taxes on locomotion are to be re vised and reduced, The cab grievance will now be at an end, and omnibus fares may be sub stantially reduced. The licence to sell tea, which is usually associated with tobacco, &c.;, is properly abandoned, though it may not prove to be any great advantage. The. other remissions of taxation, though small, remove objectionable imposts, and help to simplify our financial system. An estimated surplus of £442,000 is left; and should he have a prosperous financial year, and a further large reduction of expenditure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer will in 1870 be able to do something even more effectual. The present budget is open to obvious criticism. The country has to pay for the boons granted, and the question is whether they are worth the cost. "We can't eat the cake and have it, and people are, on the whole, satisfied with the bargain. Of course the budget will pass without sub stantial alteration, spite of Mr. Lowe's some what brusque and offensive way of putting down opposition. The organization and working of Congrega tional Churches has of late been exciting a good deal of attentiou, and has been the subject of much criticism. The old methods of admission of church members have, to a great extent, fallen out of use. " Experience" letters, and, to a less extent, diacoual visitations to can didate-, are things of the past. Still the system even thus modified does not appear to work well. It is complained that an increasing number of earnest and zealous Christians is to be found outside the <hurch boundary, and that "Church meet ings" are so generally inane and badly at tended that they are of small value. The question consequently has arisen whether the present system of membership amongst Con gregationalists is either Scriptural or beneficial; whether in accordance with the principles of equity the congregation as well as the.Church ought not to have a voice in the disbursement of common funds to which they contribute, and whether the responsibility of sitting down to the Lord's supper ought not to be left to the individual conscience rather than be de cided by what is designated "the Church," Others, not an influential section, are in favor of throwing down the Church barriers alto gether, and making either seatholders in a place of worship, or those who attend the communion the depository of executive power. Of course I am not going to trouble your readers with any expression of opinion on so delicate and important a subject. I refer to it as one of the chief signs of the times, and as a proof that Congregationalism, like every other form of Chureh fellowship, is being put in the critical crucible, and will have to be judged, not- by old traditions, but by its inherent soundness and adaptation to the wants of the age. A paper on the question is to be read at the Baptist Reunion meeting next week, and it has been discussed at several recent country associations. The Rev. Enoch Mellor, as President of the West Riding Congregational Union, made it the other week the subject of his inaugural [address. He pointed out two extremes, both of which were "perilous enough, and perhaps equally fatal." The one extreme he denominated the absolutely open system of admission into churches, and the other the rigorous system. The Board of Congreg tional Ministers have, I believe, h-id the question under consideraf ion at several successive meetings. The utmost dif ference of opinion seems to have been expressed, and the Board have been unable to come to any unanimous conclusion. In some few Independent Churches the artificial barrier has already been thrown down; iu many others financial matters are made acommonintercst to Church and Congrega tion, whilst in most the congregation is allowed to have a veto in the selection of the pastor. Perhaps we are only at the beginningTof a great controversy on the subject. In a certain family a pair of t,win3 made their appearance, and were shown to their little sister of four years. It happened that whenever a rather prolific cat of the household had kittens the prettiest were saved and the rest drowned. When the twins were shown the chili by their happy father, she looked at them earnestly, and at length, putting hor little finger tip on the cheek of one of them, looked up, and said, with all the seriousness possible, "Papa, I think we'll save this one." 