THE TUKF. 1'AUWOßTH ANNUAL RACES. Ono of the finest meeting» which ever took place en Tamworth course »imo off on Wednesday and Thursday last. Wo refer, or course, more particularly to the running, which, in almost every o isa, was contested for In a most gallant manner, and so closely as to cause un amount of speculation rarely witnessed. True, in mosteases thc favourites won, but they succeeded in doing so only after a most severe struggle, and during tho running off or the sovoral events it woul.l have been difficult to say positively which would ultl: mately turn up tho winner. In former years wo havo heard It alleged the attendnnco was much greater thnn on tho present occasion, hut wo vary much doubt this, our impression being that tho boisterous display made by a few when tho neighbouring gold fields «oro in their prime, misleads people who do not allow for tho ordorly character of tho spectators that of late years frequent our laces 1.0 this ns it may. wc hold to tho opinion that so far from tho numbers lessening, they aro increasing, and wo base this opinion on tho undoubted fact that our population has greatly augmented of hile, nnd unless It is proved that horso racing ls losing Its attractions for the great body of tho people, wo have a right to assnmu that a fair proportion of onr now settlers take an interest in witnessing tho nnesttof nil British sports. Tho weather was, on tho wholo, favourable On the first day tho heavy cloud* that hung about indicated a rainfall during thc day. and this in somo measure deterred the fair sox from ventur- ing out ; but no raia of consequence fell, and, barring tho un- usually cold wind which set in after lunch, uo complaint can bo justly lodged ogalnat tho clerk of tho weather. Tho second day opened moro auspiciously. Tho sun shono out bright and warm, and. ia conséquence, the number present was much greater than on the first day. The course was in magnificent condition. Tho rains which fell nt tho end of last weok, and tho subsequent genoa! weather tended to niako it all that could be desired. For the Malden Plato Oscar was the favourite, but Fawn had a great many admirers, and we are inclined to think that had the latter been persevered with sho could havo won. Knowing that a prot-st would bo entered she was content with second honors, and Oscar won by a little moro than a longth. For tho Publicans' Purse Seducer had it all his own way. Tocal cutting up badly after a mile and a quarter bad been run. For the Ladles' Fnrse Jollv Tar was mud« a great "pot" of, and ho was taken evon against the Meld, but lt was soon evident that he bad not the ghost of a chanco, Oscar winning the raeo cleverly. Dosey bad also a few friends, but tho company was far too good for him. Tho Hack Rnco fell to that cantankerous animal-Cambric-a first-rate horse of his sort, lt he only takes lt Into lils cranky head to start, bul it is two to one he sticks at the post until tho Held ls some hundreds of yards ahead. When ho does go, however, it is ull up willi tho majority of ordinary liacts His owner mado thc mis- take- perfectly unintentional wo are sure-of entering two horse« for this race, nnd as this was against tho rules, the race nuder the circumstances was declared void, and ordered to be run ovcrngain next day, but when called on it did not fill, and the event fell through. This finished the day's sports. We omitted to state that a protest was < ntercd against Oscar in tho Malden Plate, on th« ..-round that ho won an advertised prize of £& at the Kock Inn on 1st January, 1807, and after hearing tho evidence tho stewards sustained the protest, awarding tho prlzo to Fawn, Monarch st conti. On tho second day Turner's horses were thc favourites for tho Liverpool Plains Handicap, but Tocal and tho little maro had a few admirers The former justified tho opinion held of them by nintiltig first and second, the little mare, to the surprise of all. heating Tocal for third place. This clover little animal I» all pluck, and, had alie been ls better fettle, would have stood a first rate chanco for tho raco nt the weights, aa abo carno np at tho llnish very gamely, for the Tamworth Handicap Seducer was the favourite, and won easily. For tho Prince of wales a fine Held faced tho flag. Oscar and Monarch ticing singled out as the proba- ble winners, nnd tho result lay solely with them. Tho victory fell to 'lonarch entirely through Lcggntt's superior jockcyahip, and tile absurd manner in which Oscar was riddcu. Tho latter had thc race in hand, but lils chance iras foolishly caat away coming donn the atrai'.-ht, without nny apparent Justification, and he waa dofcatcd cloverly by a neck. Tho Consolation Stakes-which wound up the meeting-was won by Tocal, after a linc race of nearly a milo with Dosey. Tho Stewards, Judgo and Starter appeared to dlaclinrgo their duties to tho satisfaction of all parties. Thu handicap, much ns It was grumbled nt when it first appeared, resulted in as tine a race ns any ono could have wished to ace on tho course, and thia we think is highly creditable, when it is remembered that tho performance of the horses was- almost wholly unknown. Tho Starter discharged hts duties In a moat satisfactory manner in every race-without exception-the horaea being seut away on equal terms. Wo heard of no complainte from any person enti- tled to make them. Wo append below a detailed account of the running : Fl »HT DAV. First Unco.-Tho TAMWOUTII MAIDEN FLATK, of 40 sovs, with a sweep ot 2 aova each added, second horse to receive S sovs from the prize : li mlle. Mr lt. Nicholl'* b g Oscar, fi yrs. 1 it. Turner's b m Fawn, 0 yrs. 2 A\r. Schofield's br g Monarch, 0 yrs. 3 Dixon's blk g John Gilpin, 4 yrs Second lîace.-Tho Pt'iiLic.iNf' 1't'nsn, of 30 sovs with a sweep of 2 sovs cadi, to go to see.md horao ; carrying weight for agc. 2 miles Mr ll Turner's u li Seducer, aged.1 Nicoli's e g Tocal, aged. . 2 Tilts contest indicated pretty accurately thc. probable lesult nf tho Grand Handicap on the following day. Tocal started off with a lead of a length, which ho was allowed to maintain past the stand first time round, but in another quarter of a mlle ho bad ahol his bolt, and Sudttccr took up tho running, which lie waa never after deprived of, winning by four or live lengths easily. Timo-ll min 60 sec. Third Haca-Thu LADIES' Puns!: of 20 sovs, with u sweep of 1 sov each added ; weight for ago : ljtuilo, beata, Mr 1!. Nicoli's b g Oscar, 5 yrs . 15 1 Schofield's hg Ace ot Hearts, ll yrs ... 2 12 Settatrcu's i> g Dosoy, aged . 1- 2 W. Nicoli's c g limiting Joe, aged. 0 it Collett'* b K Nipper, aged. H i Baldwin's blk g J olly Tar, 3 j rs. 3 dr Fuiittli lince.- Tho HACK HACE, of 10 sovs; weight for agc: 1 lutte, hunts. Mr W. Lye's c g'Cambric, aged . 0 1 1 K. Ctimuilng's g g Itonico, aged. 12 2 AV. Lyu's piebald Allycuin, 3 yrs dis. SECOND DAV. First Huco-Tho Livuitroob PLAINS JOCK KV CLUB HAKiiic.vr, uf 7b sovs, with n sweup of S sovs euell added, second horse to receive 10 snvs from the prize : ti miles. Mr 1!. Turner's b III Fawn, 4 yrs, Sst Mba. 1 T iruer's b h Sedncor, tige!, Oat Olbs. 2 Fratcr's b in Flora M'lvor, aged, Oat Mba . !) Nicoli's ch g Tocal, nged, Oat llb. Air I'nrnur declared to win with Fawn. S'ducer lcd oil', closely followed by Tocal, the other two run nilli; neck and neck just behind. Thia position was maintained without much nlterution until past tho hnlf-inllu post last time round, when 1'lora, then running; last, went up lo the Fawn, and thov mu together n short distance, Flora getting her nose slightly in front at they approached tho quarter-mile post. Here Tocal Illing out signals of distress, and at tho santo moment Fawn was let out, mid with tremendous speed s e dashed away from Flora, passed Tocal, and went luto sncoud piuco. Sown tho straight Seducer sailed along, with Fawn immediately behind, tho funner being now nulled off to let her take thu leud, which she at once n-sunicd by about half ii length. Flora then made hor effort, dashed past Tocal, and ran up to Seducer, the three approaching I tho post lu a body, and It was difficult to say which would be tlrst. A few strides further and it was seen tho Fawn bad lt by half a length, Flora and Seducer almost a dead heat for second place. Tocal four lengths behind. This was ii line race at the tiiilsh, and I Flori, a more pony, gave proof of hoth speed mid bottom. Time, ° SecondSUiice.-Tho Members' Cup not niling up, the stewards substituted n handicap of £20 : entrance 2 sovs, halt forfeit; ono inile and a half, ono event. . Mr lt. Tumcr'a b h Seducer, nged, Oat 121lis . 1 Cummltigs's b g Aco of Hearts, 0 yrs,8st. 2 King's li e Incestatits. aged, "st. 3 This was rather a bollon- uffair. Ace of Huarts cut out tho run- ning for a nillo, when Seducer was lot out and went to the front with ease, whining by two lengths. Incestatits nowhere. Third itaco.-The 1'niNci: or WAU.H SEI.MNO STARCH of 20 sovs. with a «weep of 1 scv each ndded ; weight for ego ; the win- ner to bo sold for 40 suva, any surplus to go to tho funds ; If entered nt ¡JO sovs, allowed lOHis ; if at 20 sovs, ïOlhs ; 1} mile, Mr Schofield's br g Monarch (£40,0 yrs. Oat llb. 1 I lt. Nicholl'* b g Oscar f.C40). 5 yra Sat llilbs. 3 12 W. N'lcholl's ch g Hunting Joe (£20), aged, Tat Olbs 2 3 . .lanlaon'a br g Phantom (£30), aged, Sat Mb), Dixon's ch e Maniac (.CM), aged, Tat Ullis. Fourth Itace.-Tho CONSOLATION STAKES of £15, IS milo. Mr Mcholl'o eli g Tocal, aged, Sat. 1 AV. Seltatreoo b g"Doaey, aged, Gat lîlba . 2 Klng'sbg Jnooatatua,ngud, "st 1211».... 8 This ooncluded tho sport for 1804. Tn tbe evening tho Bottling took (dace at Mr Allene hotel, and after the prUeè had bron paid over th« sparkling wine was called to, aad the health of th* stew- ards waa drank in bumpers, to which Mr Cochran responded. Th« health of the Judge waa drunk In an equally entbualaatlo manner, to which Mr Cochran responded. The health of tho starter, for the excellent manner in which ho diaoharged bia dutiea, was pro Eosed, and responded to by Mr W. Cohen. The health of thc on- secretary, Mr N. Coben, was also drunk most cordially, and appropriately reaponded to. Mr Smith proposed the health oj tho winners, making special mention ot Messrs Turner and Nicholl, gentlemen whom they would all be glad to see on any future occasion. Mr Nicoll reaponded, and took occasion to say that the stewards bad dealt hardly with him in the protest in the Maiden l'tatc. " Tho l'resa and Vlaitors" were next proposed, and ihoso present then resolved themselves into a convivial asaem blage, confronted on all sides by untapped bottles of champagne -Tanuoorth Examiner. I 