THE'LAWYER'S STORY. An American Tale IN FIVE CHAPTERS. Chapter III. " Within a year Henry Gordon died, and Eve was free. Our unholy union was then made legal and sanctified by the Church. We were married in an old church in England, and thence went to Italy, where two years later our only child was born. " But Eve was never again the Eve of other years. She faded slowly away. In vain I exhausted every energy to cheer and comfort her. The memory of the past pressed on her with in- supportable weight, and her gentle soul sought refuge from the storms of the world where the weary find certain repose. " From time to time her mind reverted to the religious instructions of earlier years, and once she met in Florence a clergyman whom she had known in America, and he came to our rooms and talked gently and pleasantly with her. I watched with joy the return of color to her face as the comfort of a certain faith for the future took the place of the miserable doubts and gloomy with which my philosophy had surrounded her. " Perhaps had she lived longer she might have saved me. Perhaps had she been left to me I, too, might have faith where now all is doubt might have hope where now I but wander hopelessly. " Sly joy at her returning cheerfulness was without foundation. She was not to be with me any longer, and the gloom which still surrounds me began to settle on my road. Eve was sick. A fever had seized on her, and I thought she would die. I employed all the skill of Naples, but the disease increased and hope ended with the sunset of the fourteenth night. That long, long night of agony ! Morn- ing broke dimly and greenly in the east. I had not moved from her side for seven days. She looked up at me, raised her arms and wound them around my neck, and drew me convulsively down to her and buried my head in her bosom, while she spoke hoarsely and faintly and with difficult utterance. " ' Walter, do you remember my mother? I saw her in a dream just now, and, Walter, I shall never see her again in dreams, never in life, but I shall see her soon very soon, in heaven. Walter, easy ' Christ have mercy on me. That's the first prayer your lips have uttered in years. Mother was weeping, Walter, and she pointed towards Eve, and looked so sadly and mournfully ! Oh, be careful of Evo, Walter. Guard her as you would me if I were left you. I am going now. Eve, Eve, my darling Eve love him love him-Walter-Eve-Eve-Wal- ter Christ have mercy on us-take-care-of Evo-Walter!' " She was dead, and I was desolate. "The occurrences of the next four years I will pass over. Perhaps it was only accident, but three times during those years I had met Joseph Gordon, and each time had a collision with him of more or less severity, and each time he avowed that he was pursuing me with a determination to be revenged, as well on me as on my dead wife, whom his late yet pursued by yond the grave. I became exceedingly nervous about this, and after the death of Evo I left Naples and sought concealment in Germany. " I made up my mind to lead a retired and quiet life, if I could find a place where nothing would remind me of the sorrowful past. I loved that child with all the passionate, mad love I gave her mother. I wandered with her till we reached the Rhine. We remained a week at Cologne. One evening, in the street, I met a party of English gentlemen and a number of Americans. I knew the face of one of them it was Joseph Gordon. That night I left Cologne. I was followed. Sly boat was attacked. I fought desperately, but was left bleeding on the dock, and Evo was gone when my senses returned. " From that time to this I have been unable to gain any traces of my child. For several years I did nothing but search for her. You may conceive how vain was such a search. She was stolen from me by a man who had no home, no residence, no friends. He was never heard of in America after that, and I only know that my child and myself were somewhere in the broad world together, but we have never met. I I Sly search became a monomania. I travelled the world over and over again, with the mere chance that in some street, some city, or some wilderness I might light on a trace of her. You may imagine the effect which the one object of life had on a man of my temperament, and the follies it led me to commit. But any search was in vain. The Gordons have been well revenged. I came home. I mean to America. My father's fortune, had, by some change in the value of your estate near the city, become enormous. Sly mother's brother had died leaving me a million. I was wealthy beyond ordinary counting, and I was miserable. Now, I confess to you, life began to be a torture. I resolved to bury myself in solitude and study. How well I have succeeded you may judge from the fact that for ten years I have lived alone in this house, most of the time in this room. " Do not ask me what has occurred to disturb this quiet. Perhaps it was a dream, for she visits us in dreams. Perhaps it was a notion I have had that I am to die before long, and that I owe Even the promise I made her to take care of her child. Perhaps it is the yearning tender- ness to look on my own offspring, to hear the words of a child's affection before I die out of the world in which I have been be useless, so worse than useless. " Perhaps it is the love of adventure, of excitement, or perhaps a little of all these together. Enough that my desires are aroused. I must renew the search. I need a friend, counsel, advice, assistance. Help me. Eve is living. My heart tells me that, though my reason may doubt it. If you will encourage me to believe she can be found I will go the earth over to find her hold her for one moment in my arms, or if it must be will only look one instant into her eyes (Eve's eyes), and then go to her mother and tell her she is safe." To recover a child for a father who had been the seducer of the mother, for this, in fact, was the sum of all this story, was a task that I did not covet. Besides this, it was totally out of the line of professional employment. But he did not ask this. He, in fact, only asked a friend, and friendly counsel. And when I had penetrated the folds of his mind, and learned that under that strange, wild garb was a warm heart yearning to stone to the dead mother, the early dead, for all the wrongs he had brought on her, and to obey her dying command to take care of her child, that child whose name with his own formed the last sweet sounds of those beloved lips, sounds that you lingered in all the air that he breathed in all countries and at all times, I began to be ready to assist him in accomplishing this desire and at length, promis- ing him my aid us it might be from time to time available, I left my new friend to his lonesome house. The incidents in this story are hardly to be considered professional incidents. They rather come to my knowledge in a professional capacity, and it is for this reason that I have chosen to relate them as a lawyer's story. Sly own connection with the incidents was from time to time during a period of several years after this. I did not at first direct tiny special attention to the matter. But at Mr. Ashton's request I examined the will of Henry Gordon, which was proved in the Surrogates office in New York city. It was in some respects curious, and I was led by its examination to look into the state of his property at the time of his death. A series of discoveries, which it is not necessary to recite hore, induced me to believe that he had property in - County. Among other items I learned that a lawyer named Whitstone, a resident of that county, had transacted his business, and was in fact the confidential friend and advisor of both the brothers. On directing a search to the clerk of - County I had returned a trust deed, executed by Gordon to the same What stone, for the settlement of a a Stephen Gray, there is wife of Henry Gordon Ihad 13 hSrofEve, parents were dead before her fe that b Ashman, and that they had dmT 'Uro *"h property This trust deed was also a C£ aA7Athke ^^PP^ranee of he s' a .nÄÄ:;öi settle a shutters of his window where she "" etc 6 to see his face on a pleasant _£*««. used spring time, when he was wont to s, " Sin the them on the shady sidewalkasAl lTb to the door of the schoolhouse rT,? years now had the old man occupied tW "ty and taught the village boys and T", i room first steps toward knowledge "A "E," schoolmaster's influence had read, been ""so wide, and he was proud of his hand old as any statesman of his hard earned Wanted his achieved triumphs For had he not his as his boys in many lands Was not the idol book on his table a volume wnttT t s fine ' he had taught till he Turto ' o , Ie0üaVdhd01? not the first page of the book contain an odd mony of the boy's love and let us "2k,te And had not Stephen Gray beenna" ed ""_ halls of learning, and even in the nations C« gross ? There was a worn old newspaper the drawer, carefully preserved, where. of the speech of the most brilliant scholar She had read over and over the passage in the orator told the men of his nation taatThot were the principles he learned from his own master in the up country Peacefully had Stephen Gray labored, «. after working well it appeared now that the time was come when he might take his rest HefTu that he needed it, and was not unwilling to lay down the school house was open more the boys were not called in and the village,. had! gathered for a little while each morning at the school room, and wept while Susan Gray tried them of the old man > lost Gentle Susan Gray' The memory of her winning loveliness comes back like a breeze of spring on a summer's day. She was a slender girl, with dark brown hair and dark blue eyes Her cheeks were of the peach hue that is often and most beautiful, while her chin and forehead were rounded in that perfection of contour which we sometimes see in the old paintings of Saint Cecilia She was not called beautiful, but very very lovely The boys loved her in her girl. hood. The young men loved her in her maiden hood The children looked fondly and smiling up at her in the street, and the old men blessed her for an angel, as she was, flitting across their dim visions But she had not smiled now for seven days Just so long had Stephen Gray been lingering where the roads parted, uncertain which to take And now he was no longer hoBitatmg or doubtful, but was pass nig swiftly by the dark road of death. The light in the room was very dim for the heavy wooden shutters were closed Only a ray streamed through a crescent shaped orifice and fell on the carpet near the side of the bed on which lay the giant form of the school master His eyes were closed, but the occasional twitching, convulsive movement of his lips indicated painful thoughts His grandchild knelt by a chair at the head of the bed Old Mr Johnson, the clergyman stood on his left Mrs Duncan, the Scotch lady with whom he had lived for two score years, was at the foot of the bed Mrs White), the test friend of Susan Gray, sat on the right side of the old man and hold one of his wasted hands in hers " My little one," murmured the thin lips of the dying schoolmaster Susan sprang to his side, and a his eyes opened they rested on that counted meet with a joy that seemed to shine out of them as if he fancied he were already looking into the face of a seraph " My little one, my darling bird, the old man's hour has come and before the sun shines on the grave of my son under the church wall I shall be with him in the quiet places of the better country " There was a quaintness in the spare ion which reminded all of them that the old man's love of quiet was his teacher when he thought of heaven "Dom Susy, come closer to me while I whisper to you I had a dream just now I thought I was with him and with mother she was not old nor sad eyed nor feeble, but she was young and fair as in the good days of our youth, and she was bright eyes and shining as the people of that country all are, and while I looked at her I awoke, and your face was over mine, and oh, how like to her face both here in the old time and there in my dream . You are beautiful, at) little child, and yet the day will come when your beauty will be dust and those dear tresses that he now on the old man > cheek will be hidden out of sight But what grand times we will have then, no Busy, in the good country ' Heaven is close to us, dear, and I am stepping now across its borders yet this was heaven, too, and the faces around me were pleasant and-and-and" " Susan," said the old man, after a long pause -" Susan, the boys have been here this morning again, have the) not I am glad the boys love me It is pleasant to die out of a place where one is loved, and go to a place where all is love Love love' Yea, I thank God for the hope, through Jesus Christ our Lord The voice of the dying teacher grew strong and bold as he uttered the last word' and he lifted himself 111 his bed " Open the latter a little more, if your please, Mrs Duncan The beautiful light flushed his face with unwonted radiance, and he gazed out of the was down at the corner of the little school house, which stood next to his own, and at the elm tree which hung over it The first fro t ball touched the leaves, and some of them were the ing A group of boys stood near the door, looking sadly up at the shutters as they were thrown open The old man knew they were there, though he did not see them out w thought and thought till his brain ached and his sorrow , T "Oh, I shall not see them again' 9 am sorrowful exceedingly, now for I am 'and all that I love, and when shall correct again Then, as if he know that his weakness tra somewhat childish, he changed suddenly, « exclaimed, somewhat harshly, tion in shutters close them tight Let contains light come across my vision law ingham effaced all the joy my dream his wit For an hour after that he lar silent, but there was a visible alteration in his ">PPMW°". His features assumed an unnatural 00 and his eyes were opened from time to V on to evidently without seeing Then he t>t. murmur something, at Ant indistinctly days , length in a clear, full voice, and the reco a «. passages of Holy Writ But, as it is a his voice began to break He fence Sing indistinct, he paused, opened by es . stared fixedly at Susan, muttered He came to my countenance and sondoth his own hand was raised for a moment to tin. in the fair girl, and he sought to Were her 21 last word-, but his utterance failed 111m Stephen Gray was gone to his will in a rest in a quiet place Saw I remained at - three day . "« Stephen Gray's body committed to the case which he had walked so many years a" A these days I had not been idle in » v 'T" h about the Gordons, but I found that all 4 per resulted in but one end, to wit, the need here consulting Whitstone, the lawyer who also the adviser of the two brothers "mess He was an old practitioner, »'"irP,°t1,r found an axe newly ground, and I have and It out that sort of sharpness very much live in in its liability to Rave its edge Used or bred by contact with any hard substance that a little. He was a fair specimen of a is often lawyers whose name is legion, www f ft sional triumphs are on technicalities, au whom the perfection of legal acumen 1 ing large bills of costs, or in defending crim charged with petty larceny. Thy & I found my man in a den »"'^^goodlv office, garnished with a few chairs 6 2 array of books around the walls, and a to what Laurence been black cloth, a'"" Tow anUs of oil and it A glance 1"' *l ? told me I had a hard subject to deal at his face covered with "induced myself I stated briefly my going to "dl"fBh J an idea that with this is best effect my object by bold ques ment '"Tot question if he could inform me h°niaÍccBino of Mr Gordon he replied by a H°h,cbMr Gordon?" traffic organs in the inquiry as rT.g,«.nlv I have charge Property about CCS in an "inch, which is to retire H daughter of Sir Gordon's brother's wife, if directs it anse ? I did not know she , - wealthy relatives " idea Ss know that Mrs Gordon was I second time and that she died in B, leaving child surviving her Her el, j , still living, but has lost his child Shafto's of course not new to you I i, I a stain whether I can make it for your 22 to aid in restoring the child Mr Ash of at by If you are not already retained ever Gordon so closely as to prevent your , and. I think I can make it an object for aid 112 "1L . ,, ton to be on our side I think not T i, off no such person as you speak of I sever even known that there was such a war on os younger Eve Ashman " FTdo not think I mentioned any such port said I fixed my eyes on his face, which 1 to be tokens of his chagrin at having L , "ne 1 his mark in naming the child Ah-yes-I-thought you said the child's name was the same as the mother's I have Le recollection of Mr Ashmun when he was your son But I know nothing of him or of the Gor tons of late years After the slope rent of Henry Gordon's wife she was never heard of again by husband or brother " were ' Never Do you happen to know the present resi- Kay of Joseph Gordon?" No I never heard of him after his removal from the, place ' I be' your pardon, but from your certainty But his sister was never heard of I gathered H you must have seen him from time to the coolness of my intimation that I did not believe him staggered the man I hastened to sid Mr Whitstone, we may as well under 5 in each other You know where Eve Ash nia » if you write" me ."? will" Pay you ton tutes your demand If you will not, I must fail ter without your aid " Iryit sneered Whitstone, "and we will Hi Lee of arm is strongest yours to find, or car to conceal ' So be it But before I leave you let me me you at last I did not come here with any hope to secure your services I wished only to h trono fact, whether Evo Ashman was also cr dad you have not been keen enough to tone al that and I am perfectly content with the result of this interview " And with this result I was forced to be con Mat I r t tried to New York and communicated (o i haunt the success of my inquiries It but aroused him to greater anxiety, and in deed to such insanity a made me anxious about the result but six months of vain search end line again, and I forgot him, except h Sta I occasionally called for an hour to talk t Ita li w or when he rushed furiously into my e e t the same which in his head that I had to t tour of it Chameb IV I have already intimated that this story is it strictly a professional story, but is one with sick became acquainted in the practice of reproof sion It has an ready been seen how Ueaetno part I have taken in it, and indeed W S ttl of the last year has appeared necessary by their form A somewhat remarkable occur. ." e 1 June to a professional acquaintance The other actors in it, and to a final oneida Lace the mystery which hung around the fate Er E Ohman A four g man who had been a student in my c -c as a signed by the court to defend a man wanted for murder It was a curious case lies citizen had been knocked down in the Ht a d robbed of valuable papers and was I am dying on the pavement He lived only L enough to deepen his assailant, and the fit soon ing a man named Thompson was ar "? cabin police as fully answering the descrip t of the. murderer Withal he had blood on v C series and a slung shot in his pocket, and -went incoherently when questioned The case was strong against him The Grand Jury at t in vision and he was indicted the day after 1 w ere te 1 and was arraigned the next day, Noronha stating that he was a stranger without i e li or money, the court assigned counsel for T ail 1 is plea being entered he was re sided W than a few days he was supplied » 1 funds and directed the young man who was t- mu el to retain other and older counsel, and to be no expense in obtaining his acquittal ?" tor came to me and begged me to forego I I wish I had long adopted, not to have one t m' to do with criminal practice Athis urgent or I consented to aid him in the defence, and warmth film, to 800 the time Thompson was a broad shouldered brawny by whose stout limbs would have made him of W 1 antagonist in a fair fight and on looking "feels peated that I had accepted his le year I had a bad face a villainous face set as conversing with him I became half sales E J of his innocence and on learning that the oil d resi man's pocket book was not taken, and 1 11 tole papers were returned in a few days }- Jessie post-office I became convinced that JNnp on could have had no concern in the sees Belle all this he averred his perfect fee for trial, and his ability to establish a ' o c early that there could be no doubt F J S acquit it We accordingly prepared for \- is all in mediately, and within four weeks He restive WE on tral 'had an interview with his chief witness the j-"' pr c ding the trial I had some difficulty a training sight of him, but it did not occur "on till afterward that he avoided me later on What I did scoring was in shop till and without light, except the dim J. from the grating In this room he struck J" G a 'j' companion in countenance for my He was a jail, finely formed man, M with considerable elegance, and was tried come as Captain Jamison Here gated himself as an Englishman of wealth but who was in the city accidentally c apron was his servant and travelling value, j, Mtotura a sort of American dragoman to "enter, Previous to his arrest, that is, the W d J murder, he was on a boat on the main i comes from Albany, with Thomp VI t COmPany as usual He did not reach him Some SIX years after the murder i c remitted another servant was prepared H 7f°rato his testimony, and would be in it a trial This seemed to be satisfied or,". ^ parted to meet in the court-room e at morning lue that crowns ABhmun came to my '-"area' retain him for some weeks, and was in M " "usual animation "at the news?' 15s on the track at last is M how so?' in i been shot at "> night " aT,,? 700 tons Benoit Shot will speed you, a true SS up the search in this world Is but' 90 Don't you understand? There 5 The man in the world that would shoot it must" be earthen I I kept the pistol 63 j is the only message I have had from t,oirnv?fy,car3 But ! Pte it Do you (W 10 as been attempted once before? ' W heard nothing of it " a. ze Three nights ago, a man about my *. twist jostled against moon the pave r ter I see that nearly drove me into the c'&elaT;,t° TO some experience of my way list is. ' son such cases It was very much greater Pn"" F acquaintance began I turned remedies I catch the scoundrel's arm as a a blow at my head with a short club He howled as I twisted his arm in its socket. I don't think he will use it again in a hurry. Surprised, and in fact rendered useless by the twist I gave him, he took to his heels. I should have supposed the collision accidental, but when this pistol ball came into my library window last night I began to think Gordon was about, and I strongly suspect he designed my murder." "For what possible motive can he do so ?" " Did you not tell Whitstone that I had made a will in Eve's favor ?" " I did." " He will murder me and marry Eve, who is wholly in his power. Or, worse than that, he would destroy us both, and secure my fortune to himself by a will which he would get Eve to make. I can see through it all, in a dozen different points of view." ?" I doubt if it is too horrible." "I tell you, Blackstone, I know my man. He is one of the vilest scoundrels that the world over produced. Such men make me believe there is a hell." "Well, you must go to-night. I have a murder case to-morrow, and I wish to be ready." " A murder case ? I will come and see you try it. Who knows how soon you may be defending some one for the murder of your friend Ashmun 1" " I will play the traitor and let him hang if I dream there is the remotest possibility of his guilt of such a crime." " Not so. Save him if you can, even though he be Gordon himself, and let him live for me to haunt him. If I could but be a ghost ; if I could but got rid of this weight of flesh I if I could but be here, youdor, everywhere, with the speed of thought; if I could but- Black- stone, in pity biro some dog to kill me. I wish I were dead now. I will stand at my window to-night to be shot at I will light the room, open the shutters, and will that be suicide I am sick, tired, weary of all this. Good-night I I am going. Good night I If I could but find her !" I saw that he was in one of his strange moods, and I dared not let him go home alone ; so I made him sit down, and I strove to calm him. " I know not why it is," said he, " that I have been so restless of late. I have been strongly impressed with the idea that my child is near me, and that I am soon to see her. Oh, my friend ! could you but know the glory of that vision which haunts my memory ! Could you but sleep my sleep and dream my dreams I Could you but see my dead wife in her regal ficent beauty-hut look into the unfathomable blessing of her eyes-but hear the music of her words of perfect affection-and know that all this was once yours, but may never be yours again never! never you would know the terrible meaning of that word, ' novel.' The world is full of mocking beauty. The sky weighs me down as if it were a load on my shoulders. The wind shrieks in my ears. The sunshine burns into my soul. For sky, air, and sunshine were once the joys of our young lives, and they are now witnesses of all the bitterness that curses me. But it is nearly over. This pre- sentiment, if you so choose to call it, is so strong that I am not doubtful, but certain, that I shall find Evo soon. Do you think you think it may be in another world ? I had not thought of that before. Who knows ? Your idea may be right." " My idea ?" " It was your suggestion when I came in." I talked with him for an hour, and sent him home with a servant. He laughed at the cau- tion, but I insisted, and he yielded. The next day I was engaged in the trial of Thompson. The case for the prosecution was made out without much difficulty. We cross- examined witnesses but little, trusting entirely to our proof of absence from the city, which was ample. I had examined the first witness, who was the other servant of Captain Jamison, and whose testimony was clear and satisfactory. At the moment that we called Jamison to the stand, and while the clerk was administering the oath, I felt a hand on my shoulder, and looking up saw Ashmun taking a chair behind me. He nodded, and I acknowledged his presence by a smile, when I was startled at the change in his countenance. He was staring over my shoulder toward the witnesses' seat, and his gaze became intense for an instant ; then a smile of apparent exultation passed over his face, and he leaned over to mound whispered : " You have him at Just." When ?" " Gordon." "Where?" " That man on the stand." " Gordon I impossible ! It is Captain Jamison." " Ah ! his mother's name. Blackstone, I can't be mistaken that man is Joseph Gordon Like a thunder-storm came over me the idea that this might be true. It explained the whole mystery of the murder. The victim was mis- taken for Ashmun. It was in his street, near his house, that the murder was committed. This alibi was trumped up to clear him. It was well managed, too. No wonder he had hesitated to meet me before. No wonder I had never seen his face till this moment. That scar on his cheek was a mark in his youth. I re membered it myself twenty years ago. All this flashed through my mind in the instant while I turned from Ashmun to the witness, and as the judge said "Proceed, gentlemen," I cannot define the impulse which induced me to abandon the case before me and demand of the witness in a tone which startled him and the whole court-room, " You name is Joseph Gordon ?" " Henry Jamison," said the clerk of the court, but not soon enough to check the fury that gleamed from the eyes of the witness. I recovered my composure, whispered to Ashmun to leave the court-room and wait for me at my office, and then proceeded with the examination. I never recollected precisely how the trial ended. I was never so much embarrassed, for while I was defending the prisoner the conviction was growing on me that he was guilty. The edge spared me the trouble of attending to the case. Before the witness had answered the questions the court intimated to the district attorney that he would do well to abandon any idea of conviction, and the verdict of not guilty was recorded without the necessity of the jury retiring. While I was gathering my papers together the prisoner and Captain Jamison disappeared. An officer handed me a sealed envelope. It contained a large counsel fee, but I never saw my client again. I hastened to my office to meet Ashmun, but he was not there. I remained till the evening, but did not see him, and called at his house on my way home. He was out. The next day I heard from his servant, who called at my office, that he had left word for me that he should be out of town some days, and I need not give myself any concern about his business. I understood the vague messages, and waited patiently for news of his success. I next heard from him in a singular place. The following is a copy of his brief note : County Gaol, December 8, 18-. " Come up here and see me. Yours, " Abbmun." I obeyed the summons with as much speed as might be. CHAPTER SAND LAST. Few readers of those pages will remember the old gaol of-County. But in that day it was the wonder of gaping boyhood and adult verdancy for many a mile. I have often stopped before the door of the court-house and looked with interest on the faces of the boys that stood gazing up at the grated windows, and heard with eagerness their whispered remarks to each other on the frowning and gloomy look of the walls and bars. I say with interest and eager- ness, for in my boyhood I had looked with just such eyes on the old court-house and gaol in my native village. And I well remember my awe and terror when one day my kind friend Mr. R-, one of the leading members of the bar of the State, took me with him into the county court, then sitting for the trial of some petty offenders. I found Ashmun in a comfortable room, well ' furnished, and when I entered he was over hauling a pile of books which the deputy sheriff had brought to him " Good morning, my dear Blackstone Do you know now, if you had not come at this moment, I might have been in a condition to dispense with your services for the future ? I sent Mr Deputy Sheriff for some books He has brought me a supply Look at them Wouldn't I have been an accomplished lawyer before I had finished the half of them ? ' I laughed as I glanced at the array of au theatres which the man had selected to accuse his prisoner, but demanded of my client how he came to be in that position " Ask the sheriff He keeps me here " "But what is the charge ?" " Murder I started not so much at the answer as at the tone, which I recognised as the index to my client's most furious disposition. "Murder?" I echoed "Ay, murder They say I killed a wretch that was found dead in the highway near the town " "And did you?" " Cool, that, upon my word Did I ? Mr Sheriffs deputy, do us the favor to place the oak between us Mr Blackstone is my advisor, and we must be alone Wait a moment, Black stone, till I see if the gaoler is out of ear shot Did I kill the dog ? you asked Well, then, I did" The matter looked serious, and I drew a chair towards the fire, and six den, shortly eying my companion and awaiting his explanation. " He was the villain you cloured in-last mouth the story) is rather long, but you must hear it all Take a car , I have no pipes, port wine 'the county authorities, it appears, claim a light to control the morals of all their prisoners, over the unconvicted, and I drink nothing but water here Perhaps it is as well, for m) brain is remarkably clear and if you will listen I think I can now give -you the close to a d showery, and the same history will aid you to advise me as to my present position " When I left the court room in New York I waited at the door to see your client, who I know would be acquitted with such a witness in his favor as I saw he had Once on the track of Gordon I determined to follow him like a hound Xho crowd that came out of the court room concealed him from me till the moment he passed me Your man was near him, and I heard them written an appointment for the evening I followed the man, assured that he was my safest tool to deal with Something about the mine pleased me too He looked like a bold fellow, and the devil in his eye was just what I liked I doubted my ability to buy him, and so concluded to cheat him I had my rough coat on, and following him the fifty paces distance I turned up the logs of his) trousers, browned in) face with a piece of bark that I picked upon the side walk, pushed my collar under m) cravat, and dipped in) boots in the Hist mud hole I could find the disguise was not perfect but well enough for the occasion, and I staggered after a) man now more closely than before His course was direct to a sailors'' boarding-house mistress, and as he turned to the door steps I accosted him He looked at me but made no reply, and entered the door, while I followed and fell into a chair near the hal, calling for some liquor "Just out of prison, penniless, and friend less, I was sure that he had not yet been supplied with money by his employer, and I judged right) in supposing he would be ready to drink with anyone who would pay for it I poured four glasses of liquor into the large sand box on the floor, or while he poured aBinany down his throat, and they began now to tell on him So no made an afternoon of it, and by evening he was as drunk as a fool, and as much of a fool as most drunken man I got out of him the particulars of his appointment for the el curing, and resolved to supply his place in the interview, come what might of it no know he was drunk and I easily persuaded him to let me do so. The hour was is the place in the darkest part of-Alloy, whence they were to go to some room known only to Gordon "I went, leaving Thompson asleep in his bed I again feigned drunkenness, and staggered against Gordon in the hills) way I had learned enough from Thompson to be able to personate him in the dark, and his voice was easily) done Gordon was deceived How easily I might have killed him then, and who would have suspected me ' But my object was not to kill him I only wanted to find my child the child of my lost L\ o Sol talked little, refused to go with him, intimated that I had had enough to do with him had surgical risks for little or wind, and sundry drunken demands to know what more he wanted brought him to the point Imagine my horror as his plans began to unfold themselves I cannot explain to out) what process of reasoning I armed at his) knowledge His explanations were evened and cautious, but I was not the ignorant sailor he thought he was talking hills, and he was not as careful as he would have been had he known I was neither stupid by nature nor drunk at the time ' Blackstone, listen to me the scoundrel has planned precisely) as I old YOU the last evening that 1 san you He knows that Ihaio made a will in favor of Tie, if she can be found He knows where she is Her will is made, and although she is not yet of ago how ill conceal that, and no one will be able to state her birth He may kill her next, and then Sentence will be his" ' impossible ' ' ' So you said before I tell you, Blackstone, I know those things of those two brothers to have conceived which were enough to damn an archangel, jet which they did boldly I was not shocked, as you are, when I learned his fiendish plan, or heard him speak of its previous failures I was cool, calm, apparently drunk when it flashed upon me in all its hideousness and I unravelled its details with a skill that would have done honor to a lawyer Yes, I did He did not dream that I understood him But as he instructed mom my) part I listened and made rapid deductions 1 First of all I was to come to this village and find Whitstone, who was to give me a direction by) which to find the person to whom this letter is directed That person found, I was to present the letter, and the next course to be pursued is indicated in the letter " "Have you read it " Of course not. It is sealed He told me enough to indicate all I was to bring some one to the city with me to meet him at the \- House, and receive further instructions So we parted " You may imagine that I felt myself very sure of an) object now I returned to my own house, assumed a more perfect disguise, and no joined Thompson on his awaking in the morning I had thought of attempting to buy him, but I gave it up He seemed ashamed of his drunken frolic, and when I told him that he had sent me to meet his employer he was apparently frightened I gave him briefly the particulars of the interview, told him I had personated him to save him from blame, and showed him the letter which was to be delivered in this place, and offered to accompany him on the errand He seemed to be satisfied, and we left town to gether, and travelled very comfortably till within five miles of this place " We had taken a carriage at N-, and I was driving Thompson had been very quiet for an hour, and I began to fancy there was a look of distrust in his eye As we entered a piece of wood he suddenly turned to me and said, ' You are no sailor ' ' ' Why not You drive too well I never saw a sailor hold a rein like that " Show me lion you would hold them,' said I, offering them to him " ' So,' said he, furiously grasping them with one hand, and lay ing the whole of the long lash across the backs of the horses, who sprung like lightning at the stroke The next instant he turned them into the gutter at the road side, overthrow the entire establishment, lighted on his feet of course, but seized me by the throat before I could pick my) self up out of the heap of bush into which I was thrown It was a short flight He was the Stouter, the most agile He was choking me, and I was pounding his face a lucky chance offered, and I had a finger in his eye His grasp on my throat relaxed an instant, and I tripped him into the gutter. He sprang up with a knife in his hand, and I had but one resort. I shot him dead. " As he fell the knife flew to my feet. I picked it up, and while I was looking at it a wagon load of farmers came along. One of them recognised the dead man as his brother, and it seems he was well known in the neighborhood. I was a stranger, ill-looking, and, as was soon found out, disguised. I had a knife and a pistol in my hand, and I bore no marks of injury from the dead man. The horses had run away. It was evident I was a highway robber ; had attacked a peaceful man, unarmed I had stopped him on the highway, shot him, and was robbing his body when arrested. It looks mightily like it. My pockets were searched, and I suppose my watch and some other costly trifles, rather out of keeping with my dress, helped them to a conclusion as to my character and as I refused to give any name, here I am, waiting your advice, and committed on a charge of murder." "Committed?" " No. I suppose not strictly committed, to cause not yet examined. But I have been here four days, and by this time Gordon must be in a compost. I am glad you are here, for what is to be done must be done quickly. We are near the point of discovery if we are but cautious and swift. I have sent for you because I am a prisoner and helpless." " Have you sent for Whitstone ?" "I have not." " Send for him." In ten minutes my old friend Mr. Whitstone entered. He seemed to be as sharp as over. " What might you wish of me, sir ?" said he to the supposed sailor. " Why, you see, sir, this hero charge of murder is a pretty serious one, and I haven't exactly an idea what to do about it. I sent for a city lawyer, and he's here this morning. But he says I must hang. Now I mustn't. You can fix it for me. What I want is to see the person that letter is directed to." Whitstone started and looked at me. He recognized me immediately, and saw that the matter was serious. " So you got this out of his pocket after killing him, did you ?" " I got that from the man that wrote it." " Who was he?" " You knows him, of course, Mr. Whitstone. He told us, you see, to come up here and see you, and ask where this person lived, and take and deliver this letter ourselves with our own hands. Now I know that whomsoever it is that they'll help a poor follow in trouble for the captain's sake, and I want to see them. " Let me have the letter, and I'll deliver it to-day." " Close at hand," thought I. " No you don't ¡ I wants to see the person. It's directed to Mr. Jamison j but I knows as well as you that it's a woman, and I must see her. She'll take care of me. Besides, if you don't bring her I'll send the letter to some one in New York as will pay for it." Whitstone was in a quandary. Ashmun finished him with a blow. " Como, old fellow, it's no use bothering yourself. Gordon's folks must stand by me in trouble or I'll not stick to him. I'm in the market now, and the man that bids first will buy me, and it'll be too late to bid higher when I'm struck off. Mr. Blackstone yonder shall know all I know if I can't helped Boinohow." " I'll be back in an hour," said Whitstone, abruptly leaving the room. " You'd better," said Ashmun, laughing. I followed Whitstone from the gaol, and act a young man whom I had brought with me on his truck. Ten minutes afterwards they rode out of town, one not far behind the other, and my young man soon brought me intelligence that he had gone to a house in the country some miles off, whose inhabitants, he had learned, wore two young ladies, with a housekeeper and servants. The ladies wore boarders. One was named Susan Gray ; of the other he could not learn the name. Susan Gray I know, and I could claim acquaintance with her. 'Ten minutes after this intelligence reached me I saw from my window the return of Mr. Whilst one alone. He went into the gaol, where he announced that a person would call on Ashmun in the evening, who would communicate with Gordon on his behalf. Towards evening I rode out to call on Susan Gray. My excuse was my desire to know of her welfare, having become accidentally acquainted with her at the time of her grand- father's death. She was exceedingly beautiful in the deep mourning she was wearing, and expressed her pleasure at seeing me in such an earnest way that I could not but admire and love her. It appeared that she was living in a house which belonged to her uncle, whom she described as a merchant in England. His name was Jamison He had been kind to her grandfather, though she had never seen him until since the old man's death, when he had come to America, bringing his daughter with him. At this I began to see the end of our search. Her uncle was, of course, my witness, Joseph Gordon, though how he had succeeded in passing for the uncle of Susan Gray I could not understand. This daughter of his was probably the object of our search, brought most opportunely from England at the very time to fall into our hands. "Where is your uncle now ?" " He was here this morning, but has gone into town with Mr. Whitstone. he came up suddenly last week, hearing that his man was killed, and that we had failed to receive his letters. And Mr. Whitton's visit seemed to disturb him, for he left word that possibly he might take us to the city with him to-night, and we must be ready to go on short notice I did not wait to see Miss Jamison, but making their sudden departure an excuse for a short call, I returned to the village and to the cell of Ashmun, to communicate with him and change our plans of action. As I entered the gaol the deputy-sheriff informed me that Mr. Jamison, a gentleman from the city, had gone in a few moments before, and I was about retiring, when a loud cry within the gaol Startled both of us, and we rushed to the cell and dashed open the door. The scene was sufficiently appalling. On the floor lay a stranger bloody, disfigured, and gasping, while Ashman's knee was on his breast and his grasp on his throat. A fond looked out of his eyes as he tightened his hold, and with a desperate plunge the victim Bought to OBcnpo his impending doom. At our entrance ABhmun seemed to recover his senses and sprang to his, foot, while his antagonist slowly recovered himself, and I looked at my client for an explanation before I recognized the face of his foe. "The wretch! Seo hisaoourBodoounten-inco! Does he not look like the sound he is ? Villain, where is my child ? Ay, dog, my child Eve was my wife before men and God my wife ! Long before any of your abhorred name know her, or cursed her with hypocritical love, she was married to me! You did not know that? But since it has come to this I tell you it was so. You lied in your throat then when you said I stole her, when you called me the. For that I struck you. For that I would have choked your small soul out of your vile body had not those entered." The other stood trembling and half fainting before him, and at length sank into a chair and begged for a glass of water, in a faint, husky. voice. This revived him, and he now seemed to gather courage from our presence. " You shall suffer for this." " Sholl I ? If you utter one other word of that sort I will kill you where you stand." " Mr. Sheriff, listen to him," said the other, shrinking behind the deputy, and shielding himself from Ashmun's rage. " Listen to him, and remember this. I will go to a magistrate mine diately," " He, has! a throat that likely to frighten a man in prison and charged with murder !" Good, I thank you for reminding me. 111 hang you. By-, I'll hang you!" And he walked toward the door. "Stop," said Ashmun, laying his hand on his shoulder. Gordon stopped, and fairly shook with horror as that iron hand fell on him. " Stop, and look at me. In my face, man, not at my buttons. Look in my eyes. So! that is something like Now mark me. I know you, Joseph Gordon, and your whole life. Let me whisper in your ear. Loan closer. and you will hang if I but name it. Did you ever dream I know it Sooundrol, I have every evidence I need. Hang me ! Look to yourself, Mr. Gordon 3 and by Him that made me, unless I know this night where to find Evo, I will speak the word." It was a curious sight to see the eyes of these two men stood in mortal hatred each on the other. Gordon's gaze drooped first, and he stopped a pace back hesitatingly, then suddenly drew a pistol, and with a quick aim full at the breast of Ashmun pulled the trigger, but not so quick as to prevent the blow that Ashmun looked at him with his tremendous fist, striking with all the force of Accstos. That blow sounds now in my ours. It was a dull, crushing, bloody blow. It foiled the strong man like a log, dash- ing his head on the stone floor, and as he fell the pistol in his grasp was discharged, and the ball passed through Ashmuu's breast. He staggered against the wall, where he supported himself for a moment, and then sank slowly to the floor, and a horrible silence was now where but a moment ago was such a fury of iv cards. The gaoler and myself stood looking at each other, and at the men on the floor. It was a strange scene. The poor deputy-sheriff had no experience in this sort of thing, and I but little more. I roused him from his fit of terror to help me lift them to beds, and send for a surgeon without delay. There was a heap of bedding on the floor, out of which I extracted two pullets on which to lay them, and the gaoler hastened for surgical aid. He was gone a long time, or it seemed long to me, shut in that dismal cell with two dead bodies for Ashmun had fainted, and the two lay as if they were dead, and I found that unless some aid should arrive Boon they would neither of them revive. The surgeons at length came ¡ two doctors, frightened at the scene quite out of what little wit and skill they had possessed. Each once readily assented to the propositions of the other, and those were so various and contradictory that I soon found I could guide them myself, and must take the responsibility. So I begged the one to look after Mr. Jamison's skull, while I examined with the other the bullet-holes in the breast of Ashmun. I readily took off his coat and vest by cutting with my knife whatever obstructed their easy removal, and then putting back his shirt I found an inner vest of silk, and in that a concealed pocket, from which fell a miniature. The dull eye of the surgeon failed to see it as I secured it and placed it in the pocket of another part of the dross. Buln glance showed me a face of rare and glorious beauty. It was a face to worship with even just such idolatry as his. I could pardon it after seeing him. The usual means restore consciousness to Ashmun, but Jamison For Gordon, as I should call him-remained insensible. The blow of Ashmun, heavy as it was, would not have been fatal ; but his fall had out his head, and apparently produced a fracture of the skull. The stupor continued, and the physicians had no skill to perform any surgical operations for his relief. " has no friends ?" said the doctor. " If he This they should be summoned, for this may prove serious." I despatched a messenger for Miss Jamison and Miss Gray, and resumed my seat near Ash- man, who had begun to move, and grow restless with the sensation of weakness. I had explained the circumstance of the miniature to him, and he had been quiet for a while, but now became exceedingly uneasy. The gloom of night had boI Had on everything, and the prison was dismal beyond description. Notwithstanding all our care it was manifest that with the darkness a corresponding gloom was coming over his mind, and he began first to be curious phantoms, and then grow flighty, and then delirious, and at length proved terribly. Many of his fancies word queer, many startling, and some almost sublime. He saw chiefly the faces of old friends, and when they came crowding around him he would laugh and joke and play with them, and sometimes sing wild sons, not always in the same language, nor in two or three languages only. It was strange, marvelous, so much so that the surgeon who had remained, and who had imagined him only a poor devil charged with murder, was astonished, and at length whispered to me, " Who is he, sir, if I may venture to ask ?" " I cannot tell you," was my reply I " but save his life, and I will see you amply rewarded." The feverish delirium passed away, and he sank into a stupor, during which the young ladies entered, and hastened to the side of Gordon, who continued insensible. They shrank with horror from Ashmun, for they believed him the unprovoked murderer of their only pro- tector. As they entered I looked up for a moment at Miss Jamison, thinking sadly that this was the end, and a fitting end to the strange, mud search which my poor friend has so long pursued. At length I saw Evo AbIihiuii, the myth of whom I had heard so much. For of course I had no doubt that the full and quoouly- looUing girl who looked around for her supposed father was the daughter of his face. She was certainly very beautiful. Her hair was black, flowing book from a forehead of sur- passing purity. But the eye I did not like. It was blue, beautiful, but bad. Could Eve Gray have had such an eye? It changed all my ideas of her. But I had only an instant for those thoughts, as she drew back with an expression of horror from Ashman's bed toward Gordon. I left Ashmun, and turned to aid them in their efforts for Gordon. For a half hour we find cxortedoursclvesyvith some success, for conscious press seemed returning, when I turned to look at my friend. He sat upright in bed, gazing with wild, agonising eyes across the room. I followed his gaze, and saw Susan Gray standing at the head of Joseph Gordon, her right hand on his forehead, which she bathed, while the glare of the lamp shone on her exquisitely beautiful face. Then, for the first time, I saw its startling to semblance to the miniature and as the idea flashed across my brain Ashmun exclaimed, " Evo, Evo, my child ! come to me, Come hither. Leave him-Eve-Evo ¡" and he fell back exhausted, but still lifting up his head feebly be called, " Evo, Evo. Oh, that villain 1 He has stolen her heart as well as my child, and she does not know me, nor hood me, nor hour me," and he was again iiiBonsiblo. History had of course Btorllod the others as well as myself, but they did not approach the poor criminal. Only I saw Susan Gray paUBO, and lift her hand to her head, and gaze a moment, as if that cry had brought back some old memory, some dim, indistinct vision, which bed as quickly again and was gone. For a half hour he lay senseless, and then a wild, anxious oon seriousness returned. " Bring her cowardice, Blackstone. Tell her I wish to speak to her. " Miss Gray," said I, in a low voice. " This gentleman is not what you take him for. He is my friend, Mr. Ashmun, a gentleman with whom you may converse without hesitation, He desires to speak with you." " I must have met him ; there is something familiar in his voice." " There is, there is. You have heard it before. Sit down near me, my child my child my child. Steady now, my soul. 'Those hours are precious. No, I am not dolirioUB again, Blackstone ; no, I am not. But those two words, ' my child, well nigh made me mad with joy. Miss Gray, he called you, I think. Tell me if you remember your mother." I sometimes think I do. It is so long ago. I am not sure." " Ah, how could you forgot ? I could not, if I lived for centuries of just such years as I have lived. Did you love your mother, child ?" "Oh, yes, I loved her, and though I cannot recall features, yet there has never been a day of my whole life that I have not thought of her as an angel proBonco. Yob, I loved her." "And so did I. Oh God! yes, I loved your mother." " You ? What right had you to love her?" " Hear that, yodwellorB in the unseen world ! Eve's daughters ask me what right I had to love her mother I Answer her, since she would not yotbeliovomo if I dared to tell her! Listen, child. Do you remember any of the scenes of you childhood ?" " Some quite distinctly." " Do you remember a home under the hill-side, with a blue bay stretching out before it, and flowers on the terraces, and a fountain, and a large dog with shaggy hair, and a boat, and two white ponies, and a low carriage, and a drive along the beach ?" " Strange I I begin to recollect all that. What can it be ?" " And now again. Do you not remember a morning in June The sun shining on to say a little child, playing in front of the cottage, strays down to the beach, and slips from a rock into the water. The dog rescues her, at the in- stant that her father and mother rush down the lawn." " I see it. I remember. The dog was Marco was not that his name ?" " And again. Do you remember leaving that home ? Do you remember a night on the lUiiuo -a dark night-a boat drifting down ? You lay, wrapped in a cloak, on deck. A man lay near you. Now, can you recall an attack, a fierce struggle, shouts, cries, and bloodshot!, or did you sheep through it all ?" " Oh no I awoke j I remember it well now. I have not thought of that in years." " Tell me what followed." "I was carried away. I cried aloud, and was stopped. I shrieked till they stilled me. After that my memory is not distinct. I remember wondering a long while through many places. As I grew older my memory grows more dear. I know I was brought here, and I was told that my father had waited long to see me, but that he died before I came and so his father took me and brought me up, and I lived with him till he died. You remember that, Mr. Black- stone. But how do you remember all these things, sir ?" "I! Look at me. Hold the light, Black stone. Look in my face and tell me if you see aught familiar." '* Nothing." " Evo! _ Evo !" he cried, in a wild, mournful, broken voice ; and then in aloud, dour tone, that seemed as if it might reach the country on the other side the river, " Eve ! Evo !" Susan Gray again loaned forward, as if the cry were familiar, Evo I-not by on-not you. Dead Eye ! my Evo! my own lost darling I am calling now. They say that the words we utter here are heard in heaven. Evo-darling- como back, and tell her who I am ! Is she not yours, your child, your last gift to me I would so love her if she looked but kindly at my. God, let her come back one institut now, and tell her child I am her father !" "My father!" " Now, Evo, hear that ! What are you doing that you do not brook your bonds ? Oh, poor, frail child ! If I were there, and you here, and you called me thus, I would burst the hands of death, and come back to the earth to answer you. Oh, come to me 1" "Does she answer?" It was the low, husky voice of Gordon that spoke, and a low laugh followed it that was full of malignity. "Doeasho answer ?" Undo ! do you know this man ? Is he my father ?" I ;, " Joseph Gordon, I have hated you and yours with unearthly hate. But I will forgive you all; a '. I will love you ; I will call you friend, brother, anything ; I will make you rich ¡ I will die and give you half I have the other half for her if you will but tell that girl the truth, and let her whisper the blessed words of a child's love in my ours to-night !" " I do begin to believe that you are my father," said Susan Grey, who had been deeply moved by the earnestness of Ashmun. " The voice of Evo spoke then. Say ou," said Ashmun, gazing at her with a look that was piteous in its mournful anxiety. " But soon. Fool that I was. Child, child, come close to me loan down here I Would you know your mother's face if you met her, if you saw her now P Does it haunt you through the long years "dream of her sometimes ¡ but I have thought those only droaniB." Blackstone, quick quick! That picture - quick, lost I do I Look at that ! last who You know it It speaks to you even as to me. Thank God for that! My prayer is answered. Eve has come back my child, my child!" He did not embrace her, nor did she yet on produces him any closer. Sho hold the picture a moment in her hands, and a gleam, of glow of light and joy spread over her face as she recognized the anger of her dreams, and she knelt down by the side of his pallet and buried her face in the clothes, and sobbed out her thanks to God that she had at length found a father and a mother. And thou she rose, and looked in his face, and spoke, slowly, hourly, and dist finally : " I cannot yet understand my own history. Before I can determine whether my duty is to obey you as my father I should know the circumstances of my birth. I wish to know what rela- tion you bore to my mother." "It is your right. I was her lawful husband." " Liar !" muttered Gordon. " No, Joseph Gordon, I am no Her. in these blessed days of youth, when Eve Grey was my boyhood's idol, my companion and my friend, we were as closely bound together us over man and wife. One pi on Bin it morning, I remember it as if it were yesterday, we rode together over these hills, among which I am n w lying, and came to a dark forest where we were wont to leave our horses and walk. We But down on the bank of the river, and as the swift waters flowed toward the sea who wrote on three torn leaves from my tablets our vows of marriage. One page who committed to the water to bear it to the world washing sen, and one each of us kept. It was childish, but it was solemn. A month after that who passed. Upon that miniature. Two of these leaves are those, wound with her hair. " I went and returned after long wandering, and she told me of fill your and your brother's cruelty. Ay, she told me how he wronged her. How he hasely struck her, like a dog that, he was. The little blood I have left boats with hatred us I recall the story she told me of his and your foot treatment of that angel girl, that I would not have had farmed for all the stars of heaven. Then blue come to me, homeless us she was, and found rest. Yen, rest. In some drunken brawl, bottle hideous debauch, some wide scene of riot and wrong, your brother's wife existence escaped ; and Eve was free in man's sight and God's Bight to be my wife. She was such before, but we repeated our vows. You may find that record, too, in the proper place. This child the solo fruit of our union, you stole from me I you, Joseph Gordon, stole from me I and have sought to touch to forget me. Her heart and mine are boating close together at last. Now die, and if, when you stand at the bar of God, before you turn your back forever on the world of light, you see Eve Gray an angel they tell her that her Evo rests at length in a father's arms." He held out his hands, and she accepted his embrace, and pressed her lips to his. As he felt that pressure a thrill passed through his frame, a strange, unearthly smile lit his splendid features, and then he fell back on his couch insensible. It was the last unclouded ray of reason that lit his soul, and when sensation returned sense did not return with it. My story is nearly ended. The passions of his life had their end in the miserable imbecility of his age. His sins were punished. His life had been one of Storm, ending in along, gloomy twilight, which preceded the night. He was readily discharged from custody when the circumstances became known ; for although the array of proofs remained unchanged, the case was very different when the prisoner ceased to be a poor sailor, and became a man worth a million. Gordon was removed from the cell, and lingered in a doubtful state for nearly or quite three years, and then died. Miss Jamieson, us she was called, the beautiful girl that I had mistaken for Evo Ashman, was in fact the companion of Gordon in wickednesS. She had been allied to him for some years, and was doubtless fully informed of all his plots. She disappeared shortly after the events which I have described. I continued to be the adviser of Ashmun, or rather of his representatives for his property was placed in the hands of a commission until Eve's majority, when we arranged so that she had control of it. For many years he used to be soon daily driving down town, and always with Eve by his side. I do not think she ever loved him, though she devoted her life to him. But there was nothing left of the lovable in his character, and he grow more imbecile as he grew older. He was docile to Eva, peevish and des- i agreeable to all others. In brief, he was the wreck of a noble man. One autumn night, when the curtains were drawn close around him to keep out the night air, and Eve had smoothed his pillow and left him to repose, he dreamed a dream. And in his dream Evo, his dead Eve, as he once called her, beckoned to him as she had not before in years, and he uttered a loud cry of joy. "Evo! dear, dear Eve !" said he and then, as she was going away, he called out : " Eve, wait for me !" Evo, the living, heard him call, and she came down to his door and listened, but all was still and she looked in, but the drapery had not moved and in the dimly-lighted room she went up to the bed and drew back the curtain, but he lay calmly there, and she thought he was sleeping, with peaceful drains, and so she went away and left him. But he was dead. THE END. Phelijc explains that his wife and he fall out because they are of one mind ; she wants to be muster, and so does he ! A contemporary suggests that a lady, on putting on her corsets, is like a man who drinks to drown his grief, because, in solacing herself, she is getting tight. An old lady arguing with a teetotaller, observed that Adam drank nothing but water, and lived to a great age ; but, for all she know, if he had drunk as he might have lived till now. A thief was lately caught breaking into a song. He had already got through the first two bars, when a policeman came up an area, and hit him with his suave. Several notes were found upon him. Two persons who once disputing so loudly the subject of religion that they awoke a big dog which had been sleeping on the hearth before them, and he forthwith barked most furiously. An old divine present, who had been quietly sipping his tea while the disputants were talking, gave the dog a push, and exclaimed, " Hold your tongue, you silly brute! you know no more about it than they do !" A TKNKitAliLE, seedy, but not too successful dramatic French author, called for his piece in fifteen acts, which he had left six months before with a manager. After a search of half an hour, the old hands was discovered, but, alas ! terribly cat-calls. " I regret, monsieur-" began the manager, apologetically, when returning the MS. " Not at all, not at all," said the poor dramatist. " I am happy at least to see that my MS. has procured the means of some one dining well and frequently, if it has not done so for the author." Had Him The p.It is stated that an Irish- man called upon a disciple of Esculapius, and informed him that his wife was sick and required medical aid. The M.D. was willing to give his attention to the case, but desired the man to pay in advance or enter into an agreement to pay when his services were no longer needed. " An' we'll kill or cure for twenty dollars ?" said Pat. " Yes." Pat was satisfied, and left the M.D. to perform the contract. The woman died, and in due time he presented his bill. Pat looked at it a moment, and then asked : " An' did yez cure her?" " No," answered the physician. "An' did yez kill her?" This was a poser, and the M.D. discovered that Pat had caught him. The bill, at last accounts, had not been settled. In the olden time, when players wore loss thoughtful for the spiritual than for the corporeal boult h of their slaves, Col. Kumscy saw his boy Dan (aged forty) going one morning, Bible in hand, to church. Knowing that Dan was not a person with strong literary proclivities,' the Colonel said : What are you doing with that Bible, Dan-you can't read it?" "No, Massa, can't really road 'em, but I can spoil 'em out a little." "What's the use of spoiling it out? You can't understand it, any way. The Bible, for instance, says that the very hairs of our head are numbered.' Now you haven't any hair on your head-nothing hut wool. What I do you say to that?" "Yes, Miss, I 'spect I did a so ; but I spoil out little verse, which say that, on las' day, do sheep dog will go on one side and do goats on do toddo. Now, do sheep has do wool, but the goats day got hair, just' like while I folks and I 'spect doy ain't gwine to be saved ' -Dat's wot I 'spect !" In passing recently from Newhaven to Dieppe, writes a tourist, the channel being calm, we found ourselves seated at the dinner-table with some fifteen or twenty passengers. The driver seemed to give satisfaction to all but one burly looking Englishman, who was evidently out for a tour on the Continent. For him nothing was good enough ¡ even his favorite " Billah Boah" seemed to have lost all its excellence since quitting Newhaven only an hour before. He found fault with everything, and monopolised all complaints. When the cheese appeared he began denouncing that also, and said he always travelled with a few pounds of choose in his box, for they had no choose in Franco fit to eat." At this remark a gentleman opposite mildly mentioned " Koqucfort," as being an excellent cheese, is good even as "Stilton." "Not fit to eat," shouted Haw- Haw. I profess to be a judge of the article."-" Perhaps, sir," was the ready reply, " you are a dealer in it j " which silenced Haw-haw, amid the universal roar of the table. A MARRIED Man's Solit.oquï\\-I am sitting by the fire-side to-night, but not alone ; there is one young one on my knee, three on the floor, and two on the settee ! My wife is in bed with the side ache ([ wish she'd stay they, and the children are ill assaulting, and I've had nothing to eat since morning. Oh, what a life I do lead ! I can't got a chance to read, and all my clothes are going to seed. Oh my ! That youngest baby's taking the colic, and I forgot to send to-day for paregoric, Eveline of my younger days (and my older days, too), would (hut I could drive you from my memory ! Why ever follow me and scold me, like an avenging spirit ? Willingly, oh willingly, , would I repair the wrong I did myself in marri ing you ' Is it strange, Eveline, that I fled from you yesterday, " like a startled fawn," when you were after me with the broomstick ? Oh, what a mild creature you were before we were married ! But, alas ! how changed ! Oh! I hear my wife coming down stairs. I'll fix the door so that I can get out, and if I can't, I'll die! 