AQUATICS. Preparations for the usual Easter cruise to Broken Bay has formed the leading feature in yachting circles during the psst nrrek. This vesr'e visit to the piatnresque district known as the Hatrkcsbnry promises to be quite an aquatic fete, as ten or twelve yachts of the ttoyal Sydney and some of the Prince Alfreds intend potting in an appearance. MoBt of them have already passed Baranjoey, and some have gone np nearly as far as Wiseman's. ThiB is some thing like yachting, not the mere half -hour's sail which an indulgence in once a week is considered to establish a re putation for yachting proclivities. The Mistral is missing from her mooringB in Double Bay, and there can hardly be Regattas were held at Albnry and Raymond Terrace on St. T atrich's Day. The former aflair is considered by the local PresB to have been a iailure. The Beveral events resulted thue First Race— For all fishermen resident on tho Murray, pulling pair of eculla in fishermen's boats. Two miles Prize £10. Entrance £1. Bonegilla— George Knobd . . ,. ., 1 The Hope— Peter Hope . . . . . . . . 2 Tbe Alabama— Thomas Davies . . , . . . 3 Sculling Race : 1 mile. The Alarm— M. H. Moriarty ,, ,. .,1 'Waterwitcb — Thomee Keatinge .. . . ..2 Peir- oared Race ; 2 miles. Mystery— W. T. Devertil and J. Heriot ,. .. J Alatm—M. H. Moriarty and T. Keatinge ., 2 Tbe Lily — J. Condon and — Hunt , . . . 3 Gig and Dingy Cbase; dingy man to be caught within 20 minutes by bowman of the gig. Dingy — T. Davies. Gig— Clarke and crew. Won by the gig after an amusing chase of ten minutes, the bowman taking a header off the bow of his boat and cap sizing the dingy and its occupant. Handicap Four-oared race : 2 miles. Mystery — No. 1, Heriot; 2, W. T. Deverell; 3, Keat- inge ; stroke, Moriarty. . .. ..1 Lily— No. 1, Condon ; 2, Clarke ; 3, Finnan ; stroke, Hunt .. .. .. .. ..2 A well pulled race. Tbe Lily kept her lead until the last quarter of a mile, when the Mystery overhauled her and won by three lengths. Matters were properly managed at Raymond Terrace, where nine events came off with the following results : — For amateurs pulling a pan of sculls in waterman's skiffs, or boats classed as such. First prize, £5 ; second, £1 6s. Athlete — Martin Jordan . . , . . . , , 1 Stranger — James Campbell ,, .. ,. 2 Galatea — Jobn Sheppard .. .. .. ..3 Alertc— Patrick Fagsn . . . . . . . . 4 For all persons pulling a pair of oars, with coxBwain, in bona fide fishing boats not exceeding twenty feet on the keel ; these boats to be worked -on the river three mouths previous to the regatta ; the winners of any champion race excluded. First prize, £6 ; second ditto, £4 19s. Sea Gull — Thomas Mitchell, Fcter Mackey ; coxswain, H. mite ? 1 Echo— John Holding, Patrick Phillip; coxswain, J. 'Wheeler .. .. ,, .. ..2 Slim Jim— A. Wilson, Henry Speers; coxswain, S. Mitchell .. .. .. .. ..0 _ For bona fide amateurs who have never won an adver tised first prize, singly or otherwise, pulling pair oars, with coxswain, in waterman's akifts, or boats classed as such. First prize, £6; second ditto, £1 10s. Sirangcr— R. Campbell, T. M'Dermott; coxswain, R. HugheB .. .. .. .. .. 1 Alertc — A. Tillott, Thomas Caddy; coxswain, ? . , 2 Athlete— James M'Ginn, Arohy 'Foley ; coxswain, F. Hughes .. .. .. .. ..6 Galatea— Joseph Sleicman, Thomas Fagan; coxswain, James Rogers . . . . . . . . 9 For all settlers, in bona fide settlers' boats, pulling a pair of oars, with coxswain ; the boats not to exceed seventeen (17) feet overall. Firet prize, £6 ; second ditto. £1 10s. Little Wonder— Mertin Jordan, J. M'Lean; cowewain, R.Hughes .. .. .. .. ., 1 Unknown— George Cook, David Clark ; coxswain, W. M'Pherson .. .. .. ..2 Thistle — Joseph Clark, John Malony ; coxswain, James Rogers .. .. .. .. .. 3 For youths 18 years and under, in watermen's skiffs, or boats classed as such, pulling a pair of oars, with coxswain. Firet prize, £5 ; second ditto, £1 5s. Stranger— James M'Ginn, Archy Foley ; coxswain, R. Hughes .. ., ., .. .. 1 Alerte— Edward Sheppard, John Fagan ; coxswain, James Rogers ,. .. .. ..2 Galatea— S. Stanbridge, James Hnghes; coxswain, R. Hughes ,. .. .. .. .,3 For ail bona fide fishermen, in bona fide fishing boats pulling fonr (4) oars, with coxswain; the boats to be owned and employed on tbe river three months previous to the regatta, the crews likewise working three months previous. First prize, £10 ; second ditto, £3. Maid of Hexham — A. Wilson, T. Mitchell, Peter Markey, John Holding; coxswain, S. Mitchell .. 1 Bamett — Paul Mountir, C. Philps, Patrick Philps, B. Curchion ; coxswain, Mark Selon . . . . 2 I For amateurs pulling a pair of oars, with coxswain, in I waterman's skiffs, or boats classed as such. First prize, £6; fprcnJ Aitfro XI tOe, ? ? ? Stranger — R. Campbell, J. Campbell; coxswain, R. Hughes «, , . .. . , ..I Galatea— Jobn Sheppard, Patrick Fagan; coxswain, James Rodgers .. .. .. ?? O Athlete— Martin Jordan, J. H*Lean; coxswain, F. Hnghes .. .. .. 4. .. 0 For paddlewheel dingies, propelled by one person. First prize, £1 10s. ; second ditto, 10s. Flirt — Jobn Fagan .. ,, ..1 Fairy— James Fagan .. .. .. 2 Ghost— S. Stanbridge , . ,, , . . . 0 Gig and dingy, under the usual regulations. Frizes — gig, £2; dingy, £1. Gig. Elanie— A. Richardson Dingy, Ghost— John Fagan. This is generally the most exciting event of the day, but on this occasion little or no excitement was caused, as the dingy wob caught shortly after the start. The mail per Malta brings further news respecting the proposed Anglo-American Yacht Race, of which particulars will be gleaned from the following correspondence : - The follottjogremarks and copies of letters hare appeared in the AVtc York Herald Tbe Challenge of the English Cambria accepted. The challenge of Mr. James Afihbarj-, of tbe English yacht Csmbris, to the New York Club, proposing a race for tbe posses eionof the 6ilverCop, won hy tbe America in 185lt will lead to an interesting epoch in the history of yachting. The contest will be an international one between England and the United 6t&tee;, as the Cambria comes to wrest from onr yachtsmen the prize which tbey bate so long retained without dispute. It will be, in fact, the return match of a great game t-t yachting between the two countries. Looking to the contingency of a victory oa the part of the Cambria, ber succees would leave them at quite, so that the question of superiority and the possession ot the cup would have to be settled by a grand home-and-heme match, rivalling in interest anything that has es yet transpired in yachting, and arresting tbe attention of tbe whole maritime world. Tbe Sappho is naturally again anxious to spread sails with her English adver sary, especially as her failure in the Roysl Regatta was the result of an accident. The Phantom has also entered the lists, and doubtless their example will be extensively imitated throughout the squadron. The Silver Cup, under tbe terms of its donation to the New York Yacht Club, is open to be won by »ny regular club of any nation, The race might, therefore, be made wholly inter national by inviting tbe yachtsmen of France, and all who choose to come, to compete for it. This would aflbrd a fine opportunity of testing the yachting powers of the various maritime countries. The owner of tbe Dauntless, in leaving the challenge of Mr. Ash bury to he accepted by bis fellow members of the New York Yacht Club, proposes a subsequent race between his vessel and the Cambria on an ocean course of not less than 3000 miles. The following correspondence has transpired on the subject of both challenges 'New York, December 7, 1868.' 'Dear Sir, —Yon bave undoubtediy before this date received a communication from tbe secretary or the New York Yacht Club acknowledging tbe receipt of ycur letter of the 8rd of October, and informing yon of tbe conditions under which atone the cup won by the schooner yacht America in August, 1851, was placed by its owners in charge of this association. A letter from Mr. James G. Bennett, jun., of the schooner yacht Dauntless, sug gested by your gallant proposition, has probably also reached you; 'In congratulating you most heartily on the success of the Cambria in your race with the Sappho, I take the opportunity of assuring you that should yea visit our shores in the fall of 1869 all the privileges of the New York Yaoht Club will be cordially placed at your disposal, as well as every hospitality by its members calculated to render your stay agreeable. I shall he prepared to test tbe sailing qualities of my own vessel, the Phan tom, against tbe Cambria for any race that may be arranged after your arrival ; and I venture to add that other members of the club, owners of yachts which have won celebrity, will be found anxious to participate in any contest that may be inaugurated on that occasion. 11 Assuring you of the pleasure it will give me to do all in my power to make a visit interesting and enjoyable, I-have the honour to be your very obedient servant, 'Henry G. 6tebdins, Commodore New York Yacht Club. 'To Mr. Ashbury, schooner yacht Cambria, Brighton.' 'New York. December 6, 1668. ' My dear Sir,— The commodore of the New York Yacht Club, of which I om a member, has informed me of the challenge you have so gallantly extended to our American yachts in your com mendable desire to carry back to England the Queen's Cup, which haa remained in the United States ever since It was won by tbe America seventeen years ago. You are good enough to make several propositions. I should the more regret my inability to accept them all if I did net feel assured there are other mem bers of our club who will not suffer you to be disappointed In any of thf m . For myself, I do not care to fit ay vessel fur oonteets in inland waters, but I accept your challenge for an ocean race. I contemplate visiting Europe with my yacht, the Dauntless, next May, and shall spend three or four months on your side of the Atlantic. It will give me great pleasure, therefore, to race you from Clowes to New York on the conditions you specify, «fHng on the Ut September, for a cup valued at £260, as you propose, or for any amount you may elect. If this should not be agree able 1 will race you on the same terms and for alike amount from Clowes to tbe Azores and bsck, or to any other plaoe you may select, not lees than three thousand miles at sea. ' Allow me to congratulate you on the recent victory of the Cambria over the Sappho. The defeat of the latter will not be re f fretted by any of onr people if it is to proveinstrumentalia induc n g English yachtsmen to visit American waters, aad to enter tho lists againat onr tried and fast vessels. 'A rearing you of en equally hearty welcome from tbe New York Yacht Club, whether you oome in as victor or vanquished, believe me, my dear Sir, very truly yours, _ , . ' ' J. G. Bennett, jun, 'To James Ashbury, Esq., yacht Cambria, Brighton.' The terms under which the Cup, won by tbe Amerioi. Is held open to international competition, aro tuocinclly oont&lned; in the following letter:— ?? To the Secretary of the New York Yaoht Club. _ . . 'Yew York, July 8, 1857. ' The undersigned members of the New York Yacht Club, and late owners of the sobooner yaoht America, beg leave through you to pre6tnttotfae club the cup won by tbe America al tb - 22* 1851 °' tbe Yaobt B4uadr-m at Cowes, England, August ' This cop was offered as a prize to be sailed for by yachts of ait nations, without regard to difference of tonnage, golog round the Isle of Wight (the usual course for the annual regatta of the Royal Yaoht Squadron), ud was won by tho America, beating 1 eight cutters, and seven schooner yachts, whioh started in the race. ' The cup is offt red to the New York Yacht Club, subject to the follovh.g toi'ditions: 11 Any cuguntad yacht dub of any foreign country shall always be entitled through any one or more of ite members, to claim the right of enilhig a match for this cup with any yacht or other ves sel of not less than 30, nor more than 800 tons, mea sured by the Custom House rule of the country to which the vitrei belongs. 'The parries desiring to sail for the cup may make any matoh with the yacht club in possession of the same that may be deter mined upon by mutual oonsent ; but In case of disagreement as to turns, the match shall be sailed over the usual course for the ai'SUsl regatta of tbe yacht club in possession of tho cup and f ubjfot to Its rules and sailing regulations — the challenging party bring bound to give six months' notice in writing, fixing the day they wish to start. This notice to em brace, tbe length, Custom House measurement, rig. and name of the veseeL ' It is to be dietinotly understood that the cup is to be the property of the club, and not of the membere thereof or owners of the vessel winning it in a match, and that the condition of keeping it open to be sailed for by yacht ctuba of all foreigo Cftuntilea upon tbe terms above laid down shall for ever attach to it, thue making it perpetually a challenge cup for friendly : competition between foreign eountrlea.' On the motion cf Mr. Grinnell it was 'Beeolved— That the New York Yacht Club accept the cup won by the Ametlca, and presented to them by tbe proprietors, upon tbe terms and conditlonsappointed by them. 'Eisolved— That the letter or Mr. Schuyler, with the inolo sure, be enl- red on the minutes, and the secretary be requested tofoTeish to all foreign vaoht clubs a copy of the conditions upon wbich this club holds the cup, and which permanently attach to1*- „ ' J. C. Stevens, ' Edwin A. Stevens, ' Hamilton Wilkes, 'J. Bekkkak Finley, ' George L. Scevyleb. ' N. Bloodgood, secretary.' ?We have been requested by Mr. Ashbury to publish the fol lowing copite of his letters to New York, declining to race the Dsutitieea across the Atlantic, bat intimating hia readiness to accept the Phantom ' 6, Eastern-terrace, Brighton, Deoember28, 1868. ' Dear Sir,— I bBve the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of December 7, previous to the arrival of which I had received a communication from the secretary of the N. Y, Y, C. with incloeurea. end I have since received a letter from Mr. Ben nett. jun., which I reply to by this mail. ' Pray acct pt my best thanks for your generous congratulations on the t-uccess of my loBt season's contests, and for your kind and courteous offers of a welcome reception in New York. I bad hoped from tbe following telegram that I should have bad the pleasure of seeing you with your yacht In Englieh waters. Copy from Morning Post, December 11. Central Frees Tilt-gram (per Atlantic Cable). The Challenge to American Yacht Owners. ' New York, December 9. 11 The challenge which has been given by Mr. James Ashbury; the owner ot the English yacht Cambria, has been accepted by tbe owners of the yachts Poantom and Dauntless.' But I infer from your letter that you decline to send the Phan tom ovir for tbe Isle of Wight races and my proposed return rt-cc to New York. Seeing that the telegram is of a later date then your letter, I em still in hopes you have decided to oome over to this country with your yacht to contest with the Cambria on the conditions stated io my communication of October 8 ; tfaould this esp* ctation not he realised, I shall, in any case, cross the Atlantic about the time named, and should take an early opportunity of testing tbe powers of the Phantom against the Cambria, and of availing myself of your kiod offer of hospitality. Believe me* dear Sir, yours very truly, JAME8 A6HBCRY. Henry G. 6tebfaxns, Esq-* Commodore New York YachtClub, New York. 6\. Eastern-terrace, Brighton, December 28, 1868, My dear 6ir,— Your favour of the 6th instant, came to hand in lue course, and I note with.muoh pleasure your contemplated vieit to Europe in the forthcoming spring, by which time I shall he in town for the season, and shall only be too happy to receive you as my gueft ; and I am sure that yachtsmen generally will have equal pleasure in doing what they can to make your visit agreeable. With reference to my challenge I observe that you decline to compete in inland waters, but that you would accept my proposal for an ocean race from Cowes to New York (and as you say) or elsewhere. I fear, however, from the tenour of your remarks, that the con ditions of my challenge have been overlooked, Inasmuch as in tbe first clause I stipulated thus : '? I propose that during, or before the season of 1669, the NY. Y.C* celect their ebampion schooner of a tonnage not to exceed 10 per cent of the Thames measurement (188 tons) of the Cambria.' Qooti g from the N.Y.Y.C. regulations, &C.;, of 186B, I find the Dauiitlrse rated at 262 8 tons American measurement, which, being about 40 per cent, less than the Royal Thames Yacht Club scale, would ehnw her to be 366 88 tons, as against the Cambria's 188 tons, or an excess of 178 -88, or a fraction of more than 99 per cent, larger than my vessel, from which you will observe that the said condition ia not complied with ; and in an ocean race of the character, and at the period proposed, size and power will tell ; therefore, however reluctantly, I must decline accepting jour offer on conditions so widely at variance with those submitted by me, Though thus precluded from competing in an ocean race, I shall hope for the pleasure of seeing our respective jacbte contest in all the principal matches in England and France in tbe ensuing summer In conclusion, I beg you will accept my most sincere thanks for i your hearty and cordial offer of welcome from the N.Y.Y.C. In tbe event of no American yachtsman accepting my challenge for a race from the lele of wight to New York, I may remark. I shall still crass the Atlantic with a view to compete for the Queen's Cnp, as also to have an opportunity of again meeting the Sappho, as well as other yachts. I remain, my dear Sir, yours faithfully, James Ashbury. J. G. Bennett, jun, Esq., New York. The Anglo-American Ocean Yacht Race.— It will be jagvett^ -on *h&t; the challenge from New York for tbe ocean race should have becn^uecunca bj ovner of tbe famous Cambria. But few yachtsmen, whether in American or in English waters, will be found to dispute the justice of Mr. Ashbury's objections to competing with a vessel 'a fiac fro more than 99 per cent, larger than bie own,' across 8000 milus of ocean. No doubt a craft like the Dauntless would he placed at a similar though not an equal dis advantage against the Cambria in the waters or the Isle of Wight, or even In one of our ordinary Channel matefces. Not an equal disadvantage, we say, because in a strong breeze tbe superior power of such a vessel as the Dauntless would be scarcely less felt in our inland waters than in the bioad Atlantic, whereas the possible superiority of the smaller vi sec! in light winds and in comparatively smooth water could scarcely be expected to avail her throogbout a run of a thous *nd ocean leagues. But although the owner of the Cambria appears to be tbe most enterprising and public-spirited of our yachtsmen, his famous and beautiful schooner is by no means the largest or most powerful of English yachts. There are others whose names whl readily occur to our vacbting readers which would propably compete with the Daunt let* in a match from Cowes to New York on more equal terms as to tize and spread of canvas and sea-going capacities. Will not one cl these enme forward for the credit of English sport ? Un fortunately, the largest are not always the most sea-going of our yachts. But it will never do for the Dauntless to go back to New York uncbaiUnged on her own terms and her own chosen course Meanwhile the spirited owner of the Cambria declares himself prepared 'tocross tbe Atlantic with a view to compete for the Queen's Cup, 86 aleo to have an opportunity of again meeting the Eappbo as well as other yachts,' and to test the powers of the Ameri can yacht Phantom, a schooner of high repute, and of a tonnage ' about six per cent, less thsn the Cambria,' wbich Mr. Ashbury will perhaps find to be point of fact quite equal to tire Cambria's meeeureimnt. 6o the new year opens well for one of the noblest of our national sports. Champion Paie-Oabtd Race on the Tyne foe £100.— On January 25 a pair-oared raoe came off en the Tyne for a stake of £100, between James Benforth (champion sculler ef England) and Jamie Taylor, on the one part, and Matthew Scott and Andrew Thompson on tbe other. Great interest has been taken in this important match from tbe fact that the four competitors formed tbe champion four-oared crew of England; and, in fact, they have more than once expressed their readiness to meet any other four rowers from any part of the world. Somehow or other an on pUae&nt; dispute arose among the crew, resulting iu a split, Benforth and T&ylar; taking one side, and Scott and Thompson tbe other. The last-named pair, who represented the rowers of tbe lower part of the Tyne. being wishful to determine who were the best men, issued a challenge for a pair-oared match ; and the challenge was at once taken up by Benforth and Taylor, and a match made for £50 a eide, a very large number of persons assembled to witness the nee. The course was from the High Le vel-bridge to the Suspension-bridge at Bcotswood, a distance of abont four miles. Benforth and Taylor took the lead, at the mile led hy five lengths, and came in winners by 80 yards. Eculllbs' Race toe £100,— A scullers' race from Putney to Mortlake for £50 was contested on January 12th, between Frank Kilt-by, of the Old Barge-house, Blackfriam, and David Coombes, of Borselydown. Both are watermen, and have frequently ap peared before the publio. They have met on two occasions— first, three yean ago, when Coombes won Doggett's Coat and Badge, and next, a lew weeks later on the metropolitan course, when Coombes again defeated his opponent. They are of tbe same see, but Kllsby is much the taller and heavier, and had been all along tbe favourite, odds of 6 to 4 being laid on him at tbe start Mr. Jobn Ireland was referee. Jobn H. Clasper piloted Coombes, who won the choice of sides, and Kilsby's brother looked after his interests. Two steamers, crowded to excess, followed the scullers. They got away at the first attempt, Coombte with tho lead ; this he held for 400 yards, when his rival rapidly overhauled him, and they fouled slightly. KUeby then got the lead, and he soon increased it, and in eight lengths ahead, Coombes rowing well all the way; Pedebtrjan, — On Thursday morning, two foot races, distance 100 yards, came off at Cooma. The first was between. George Uavideon (our veteran pecL) and R. Taylor, for £1 a side, which was won easily by the former. In the second match Mr. Carmichael, of ICiandra, backed Eggleton, of Tumut, to run any man in Coomer 100 yards for £10 B-side, the challenge being taken np by a gentle man of Bombala. On Thursday morning, however, some difficulty was experienced in finding a man to meet Eggleton, and one of our local pedestrians, H. Dawson, determined to tackle him rather than allow him to walk over for the stakes. Both men oame to the scratch, and after several ineffectual attempts they got away to a good start— M. Kecfe acting as starter. This was a really fine race. The competitors ran so close thatit was declared a dead heat, and consequently tbey were obliged to run the distance a second time. On this occasion & good start was effected, and both men ran well. Before they had got half-way, however, it was evident that Dawson's staying powers would tell in bis favour, for here he was making prepara tions to bid farewell to hiB opponent, and at about sixty yards Dawson got the lead, and won by about a yard. St. Patrick's Day at Shoalhaven. — The News of Saturday is responsible for the following : — Wednesday last was St. Patrick's Day. In searching the almanacs and otherauthorilies within our reach we found that there was no mistake about the day, but there appears to have been ' a change come over the spirit of our aream.' The river tide flowed in and out as usual, the bank, shops, and business places were in full life and vigour, not the colour of the ' three- leaf-shamrock ' was to be seen, and only in one in stance are we aware of a glass of 'potheen' having been devoted to Ireland's patron Saint. In fret, the day appeared to have been forgotten. A Sad State of Things.— The Tumut correspondent of the Qxmdagai Times gives the following lamentable picture of the religious wants of the Episcopalians in that district i—1 The members of the Anglican Church in Tuinut since (he flight of their late shepherd have (like David's cheep in the wilderness) been left to shift for themselves ; ' no man hath cared for their bouIb.' In their church— fast- falling to decay—' the swallow hath found a nest for hfTcelf large flights of these birds inhabit the dilapidated edifice free from molestations, save on Sabbath after noons, when a small band of teachers are went to acfcmble seme seventy Sunday-cchool children and dispute poseeesiwi with the birds.' 