THE SPIRITUALISTIC COMMISSION. (Fon, the .Examiner and London Review.) Tni appointment of a commission to inquire Sinto the habits and customs which obtain in the other world is, even in these times, a novelty. So far as the results of the in quiry have been published, we do not learn very much that is new; but there are several curious points in the report which are cer tainly worthy of notice. Hitherto the anxious inquirer who would fain believe in spiritualism has ordinarily met with the stumbling-block about the clothes which spirits wear. A ghost walking about in a perpetual dress-coat provokes inquiries about the constitution and origin of the shadowy garment. However, one lady informed the sitting committee that she had seen a naked spirit. She .failed to describe its appear ance, although " the figure was defined." She remarked, nevertheless, that this rude ghost produced a noise like the rustling of silk, from which we are led to infer that a spirit which walks about clad in sound is not such a creature as a lady would care accu rately todescribe. ' * * The committee, our readers may not be aware, was appointed by the Dialectical Society, a small body which has come into prominence once or twice of late. The first meeting of the committee was held last week; and the statements made at the meet ing are. detailed in the Eastern Morning Post, whence we cull these few particulafs. The irst witness, we are given to under stand, was" a barrister, and therefore likely to be capable of valuing evidence. There was no vague hesitation about this gezitle man's attitude; he at once plunged into an arrangement of spiritual phenomena, and proceeded to describe the various groups. He was strong on the subject of "levita tions; " and evidenced the " levitation" of Mr. Home, when that ingenious person was. carried out of one window in a house and' put in at another. This is a form of amuse ment which might have serious consequences. We know that spirits are imperfect beings. They sometimes meet with difficulties in spelling. They have been known to play out of tune; and they have produced pic tures. suggestive of colour-blindness. Now, it is just possible that they might over esti mate their strength in engaging to " levi tate" an ordinary stout medium, and be compelled to drop him midway into some back-garden. The barrister also referred to the "levitations" of inanimate objects, in which the spirits also delight. He had seen a piano in his house raised horizontally off the ground, and kept there for two or three minutes. Other observers have also des cribed their seeing a whole square of houses being whirled rapidly round, accompanied by a peculiar manifestation on the part of the lamp-posts, by which they seemed to be doubled in number. However, what in variably puzzles us about "levitations " is that the spirits should so gratuitously throw away their power upon useless experiment. Since lifting a ton or two is a matter of no moment to them, why should they not be induced to give us a helping hand in the affairs of life ? We do not want our pianos suspended in the air, because they might come down suddenly and with disastrous results; but we do want vehicles drawn, and stones carried, and scaffolding raised, and so forth. If, for example, the contractors for the building of the new law courts could engage Mr. Home to prevail upon a band of willing spirits to assist in that great undertaking, we should begin to forgive the spiritual world its sins in the way of bad grammar, imperfect music, and blundering divination. This band of work men would need no food, would waste no hours upon breakfast or dinner, would go without pay, and never grumble if compelled to work overtime--in short, they would be most invaluable servants, if they could only be persuaded to keep in good temper and play no pranks. Of course, the other work men would have to remain at a respectful distance; because, if a cock happened to crow when a particular company of spirits were "levitating" a block of granite, a catastrophe might occur. We commend this notion to Mr. Lowe; if he insists upon the embankment site he will need all the cheapening aid he can get. Some other phenomena mentioned by the barrister are sufficiently singular; and two ladies volunteered testimony as to his fidelity of description. The barrister (and the ladies, too, we presume) " witnessed the elongation and shortening of Mr. Home's person many times." This does not seem to us a spiritual manifestation; but no mat ter. "At Mr. S. O. Hall's, about three months ago, Mr. Home and Miss Bertolacci were simultaneously elongated." It must be comforting, when one finds oneself being slowly drawn out, like a telescope, to know that if the spirits forget to reverse the pro cess one will have a companion in that exalted and, unfortunate state. Giants ex hibit best in pairs. The barrister then men tioned instances of persons having, unin jured, taken liberties with fire. A metal bell, heated to redness, was placed in a lady's hand without causing pain. Lord Adare held in his palm a live coal. Mr. Home put his head into flames, and the flames ran through his hair, without his receiving any injury. In the days of the miracle-plays, Mr. Home would have been invaluable in the character of Shadrach, Meshoch, or Abednego; the remaining two figures could have been represented by dum mies previously placed inside the oven. "' The Hon. Mrs. H--" now took up the wondrous tale, and described the events of a certain Sunday evening at her house. She and her companions were seated in a room " which would have been dark but for the moonlight." First, there came a rap at the window; then a figure appeared; and, finally, figures came trooping in by dozens. The first effect of this spiritual visitation was that the atmosphere grew wonderfully cold, which is a suggestion that the spirits had not come from below. The spirits did little beyond glare with bright eyes. How ever, one of the company made a witty re mark, and all the spirits laughed with joy. This is a gratifying discovery. If our future fate is to be condemned ignominiously to play accordions and scroll names on paper for the benefit of a number of elderly ladies, one feels glad that there is also a prospect of obur retaining the capacity for laughter. ~With bright eyes we shall still be able to read our favourite humourists, I and with vocal organs we shall still be able to express our delight. But it was the same lady who declared that the spirits went about even less clad than the young ladies of a transformation scene; and this prospect is somewhat calculated to damp our antici pations. " Schreckliches Gesicht! " cries Faust, the first time he sees a ghost; and if it is permitted to spirits that they may wan- I der everywhere, including into my lady's chamber, it is to be hoped that the property master will henceforth not allow them to go I out without their togas and kilts. i 