TOPICS OF THE DAY By the Penola we have one day's later papers from Melbourne. The ice in Gawler during the week has been nearly an inch thick. The annual meeting of the South Aus tralian Gas Company will be held this after noon. Several leading settlers are about to make experiments with the cultivation of the sugarcane on the Mumnbidgee. The second annual meeting in connec tion with the City Mission will be held at the Hind marsh Congregational Church this evening. The only case before the Police Court this morning was a charge against a yonng woman for being drunk and riotous, which was disposed of with a fine of 10s. More specimens of quartz with gold showing in it have been brought from the Mil Desperandum, and are to be seen at Mr. Moss's establishment. The lumps of quarts are huge, and very similar in color and general appearance to those recently brought from the Sugar Loaf HOL Some time ago the Meat Preserving Company requested tenders for a building to be erected at the Port, and the result was the re ceipt of various offers varying from £1,493 to! £2,393. The lowest tender was not, however, i accepted, but that second on the list was ap proved, tile preference being unaccounted for. Diphtheria appears to be fatally pre valent in Ballarat and Geelong just now. A very distressing case occurred recently in Bal larat. Three children in the family of Mr. B. Warne, a resident near the Eastern Oval, not withstanding the best medical advice procur able, succumbed to the attack within tile short space of two weeks. We (Bunyip) were shown the other day at Mr. Duffield's office a specimen of wheat sold by him to a Sydney merchant as long ago as 1861, which has bees stored in a aloe ever since. The wheat is as fresh and mo&aaA; free from weevil now as it was when chipped from Booth Australia, proving beyond a doubt that time fa no injury to apprehend fraa keeping wheat if it it only property planed. The Btutgip says :—" As an evidence of the faitb of the geneul public in the district j as to the ultimate prosperity of Barossa, a new Company is in course of organization for the establishment of fresh crashing machinery. Already nearly 500 shares have been taken op by people in and around Gawler and on the diggings. The shares are 30s. ones, and 1,000 is to be the Maximum number." Mr. Either, butcher, of Bundle-street, who was seized with an attack of paralysis on Thursday afternoon, died on Saturday morning. The funeral took place on Sunday, and was largely attended. Great sympathy is felt for UtefamilyintheirverysuddenbereaFeinent. He Either had for many years carried on the butchering business in Adelaide, and was well known and generally respected. On Saturday evening Hiss Edith Pahoerston's entertainment at tit* Town Hall was not largely attended. The performances, however, were as successful as on tiro previous evenings, the programme being a repetition. Sir James Fergusson and Lady Edith, attended by Mr. Morris, were present. This evening, it will be observed by an announcement in our business columns. Miss Palmerston will appear in a fresh entertainment, of which the leading part is entitled " Wanted, a Star." The Secretary of the Chamber of Manufactures, who famished us with the recent report of the Committee meeting, requests as to state that Mr. Simpson did not offer to sub scribe £100 towards a fund, but to be one of a number to subscribe £100, or £200 to such a fund, the interest of which might be granted in bonuses for new products in articles of industry. We published th? teport just as it was sent to us, and new make l!ie correction at the request of the Secretary. ML Buette, a French colonist of New Caledonia, who has visited these colonies, draws a striking contrast between the energy, enterprise, and progress that hare maikedthe career of these provinces, with the sleepiness and stagnancy of the French dependency, and urges upon his fellow-colonists the fact that, while the average yearly yield of sugar in Bourbon is 60,000 tons. New Caledonia con tains an area of land fit for the growth of the sugar-cane, three times as large as that of Bourbon. The Maryborough Clironiele states that an accident happened to the Carandinis, at a place 22 miles from Maryborough. The coach was going at the rate of about 10 miles an hour oua smooth road, when it came in contact with a tree. Mis Rosina OaraudiuL. who was riding outside for the benefit of the fresh air, was thrown among the horses, but marvellously escaped wiib only a few In-uisrs. Miss Fanny Carandini was thrown forward against one of the bars that support the roof of the coach, and had her check badly cut. The Southern Argus speaking of the weather atmut Strathaliiyn says:—" The nights have been intensely coM, ami the frosts so sjvere that in the mornings the ground has ap peared as if there bail l?een a good fall of snow during the preceding night; and at the railway statiou on Thursday morn ing two tracks had to be cleared of the frost by a broom before loading with goods, lee has also, of course, been plentiful, buckets and tubs of water having a good coating on them of about an eighth of an inch thick, and in some in stances much thicker." We are glad to learn that tlie question of the extension of the jetty at Victor Harbor is not yet altogether cast aside in despair, for we believe that it will be brought before the Parliament early in the onming session in the form?f a memorial bearing the signatures of nearly all the principal residents of the South. The memorial nxgefc the very great lwi-fiily which exists for the expenditure of the £10,000 voted for the purpose, in order to increase the tomtit** tar chipping at. tbe port. There are already a good number of signatures to the memorial, and we hope that ii may have the effect which is intended.— Southern Argus. ...Mr. F. Raymond, an old and respected resident of Salisbury for many years, met with an accident on Saturday morning, by falling off a foot-bridge leading from one part of his garden into the other, as he was carrying some vegetables to his house. The fall must have been some 15 feet, and Mr. Raymond came in contact with a large root protruding from the bed of the creek. Dr. Fisher was promptly in attendance, and found that the thigh bone had been broken. The sufferer was at once conveyed on a door to his residence, about 100 yards f torn the bridge. Great sympathy is felt for Mr. Raymond, who is a man of advanced years. No internal injuries were sustained. The Bcndhgo Independent has the fol lowing :— ** On ThtAsday morning, at 2 o'clock, some persons residing in Barnard-street Sand hurst, were called up by a little girl who said that Iw mother had been confined, and was dying. On hastening to the place dose by, a. one-roomed house, eight feet by ten feet, a jioor woman just confined wja found lying on a bundle of rags, there being neither candle nor food of any kind in the place. A? soon as a light was procured, a deplorable state of things met the neighboring woman's eyes. There were six children huddled together with the mother on one bed. In answer to enquiries, the poor woman said she had been day after day expect ing a remittance from her husband at Ballarat, as she did not wish to be a burden on charity. The necessary midwifery having been per formed, some gruel was taken, in, when the children all made a rush for it—they were starving. The habitually reserved nvaancr of the mother did not lead the neighbors to sup pose .she was in want, hence their non-inter ference. The following statement from % New Zealand paper proves how much the success of gold mining in quartz or any stuff that needs crushing, depends upon the mode of operation, the efficiency of the machinery, and the skill of those working it: —" We have been informed that the commander of one of the vessels trad ing out of this port, on tho occasion of a recent trip to San Francisco, took with him a small parcel of qqartz taken without prejudice from a quantity which had been tested at the Thames by some of the machinery there, and found to yield nil, or very little more. He had the sample crushed at San Francisco, and treated by the dry process, when it produced gold at the rate of 35 ounces to the ton ! So much for the comparative value of the two modes of extract' ing the metal. There can be very little doubt but that by the imperfect system of crushing, and the faulty plans in operation for bringing the whole mass into contact with the quick silver, a startling percentage of gold is carried out into the * tailings.' In the Califonuan ope ration, per contra, the etoue is ground to an im palpable powder, and proper means being adopted to bring the whole of the material into contact with the mercury by literally ffh?lri.i g the maaa up into a land of dough, it is impossible for any particles of gold to escape." The match between the Adelaide and Military Football Clubs, played on Saturday afternoon, July 24, on the North Park fanda, drew together several hundreds of peopfo, the delightful weather, no doubt, also Laving a great attractive influence. The respective sides were under the captaincy of Messrs. Mal colm and Olphert, and the understanding was that the match should be played without regard to the ordinary rules, as the military, not having had much practice, considered them selves at a disadvantage otherwise. The ball was started at 3 o'clock, and the game at once became most exciting. The civilians, wfaOst showing considerable skill in their play, had to contend with some very rough mauling from their opponents, who throughout indulged in tripping, holding, &c; , and at times it would appear to be more of a wrestling match, for whilst the ball was in full play in one portion of the field, there would be several couples struggling for the mastery until one of them was obliged to succumb. Although such vio lent means were resorted to by the military, and which must have bean most trying to the tempers of the civilians, it was pleasing to observe that the match was cond-aeted, on the whole, with good feeling. Three goals were gained by the civilians, two of which were made by Sparks, and the third by W. Samson. The playing of Malcolm and Sparks was much admired, Messrs. J. Bart. W. Samson, Sanders, and one or two o&ere; also deserving notice. The military band was in attendance, and played several selections of music. The lovers of velocipedes will be glad to leant that there will shortly be a machine of a, new description submitted to public favor. It is a unicyde, differing altogether from the one recently patented, which was meant to carry one man inside, inasmuch as it is intended to carry two men outside, at the rate of something like 1C miles an hour on a moderately level bush track or macadamised road. It consists ?f a single wheel, seven feet in diameter, with a seat and winch attached to the centre on each side of the wheel The weight of the whole concern will not be more than 60 lbs. to 70 lbs. To turn the wheel once in something less than a second is considered moderately easy work, and as every turn advances 21 feet, this will get over a mile in a trifle less than four minutes, or 15 to 16 miles an hour. The invention is not new, but is copied from an English patent taken out some 15 years ago I which, probably like a good many inventions,' was thrown aside as premature. With the machine as then constructed, which weighed nearly9olbs., it is stated in (he Year 800l of Facts that "two persons can travel at the rate of IC miles an hour, and that so little are the legs called into play—the body being kept at ease and supported by padded cushions—that the fatigue of working the carriage 16 miles is not so great as that of walking four miles." The mode of guiding the wheel is the same as a person skatug. The drivers lean to the side re quired, and this brings tile wheel round in the same way as a boy turns a hoop. To balance two persons of different weight?, the seat of the lighter party is moved further from the cenjzs. The tie* bean a siajralar naemblsaee to that fifastoafedby Mr Dyer* afegUJh? mflway. A meeting of the Hnnt dob was held £?*? <Hobe > Hotel oo Saturday ??*•?, J?ly gt.tbreeonadfftheatraagFi?mtayorthe dab raises to tone off in October. Jhnaoc 2t members present, and Mr. W. K. finnan. M.P., occupied the chair. It was propose! by Mr. W. D. Ftther, seconded by Mr. k^Bbd^Mre, and earned, "That handicapping be dooe away with at the forthcoming race*." Mr. K. M. Bagot proposed, and Mr. W. Bladder seconded, "That the first nee be three instead of font mQW Mr. Blaekmore proposed, a? aa amendment, and Mr. J. S. Turner seconded, " That the first nee be four miles, aa agreed at first meeting." The amendment in lost, and the resolution carried. Mr. Bagot pmpmgl aod Mr. W. Bladder aeeonded, "That tfaa second face be one and a-half mile race, in stead of two miles as proposed." Mr. Taraer proposed, aa an amendment, and Mr. Ward seconded, "That the distance be two mOea." The smpndnwmfc was carried. Mr. Tomer pro posed, as a farther amendment, and Mr. Low seconded, "That the weights be ladies' Pone weights, tmithaiallowaacebeinadeaatosizeof horses, and that the standard height be 14| hands, and that C lbs. per inch be allowed for all horses under that height." Carried. Mr. Gosiin proposed, and Mr. O. 8. Price seconded, "That all horses to be qualified to start hi the two-mile flat race shall jump a three and a-half feet btudle to the satisfaction of the Stewards previous to starting in the race ; if after three trials the hones refuse, to be disqualified." Carried. Proposed by Mr. Bagot, seconded by Mr. Maloney, and carried, "That the thud race lie a two-mile race, and the conditions the same aa for the first race." Mr. Bagot suggested, and the proposal was adopted, that the nomina tions take place on the Thursday before the 13th August. On Saturday evening "Colleen Bawn" was played at the Theatre Royal, Mr. Hanaergh taking the part of Myies na Coppaleen. The only feature in his representation of the eha racter calling for any decided commendation was the preservation of the Hibernian dialect. There was a singular lack of spirit and earnest ness in some of the most staking parts of Myks*s share fat the drama, and in particular the scene where he endeavors to evade the priest's nearchinr question* respect ing the shooting of Danny was cupped in its dimfwiionn, wanting in expression, and generally faulty. He was not master of his part either, and discovering omuanas, or having them discovered to him, he once or twice brought in snatches of the dialogue ia the wrong pUce. One or two songs wete applauded, though they appeared to be delivered onder the influence of the severe frosts we have recently experienced. Miss SUmeham'a Ann Chute was about the least successful of her impersonations on the Adelaide stage. There was sprighttinras and archness enough, bat the representatioa was wanting in the ease of manner, digmty.and kattt on appropriate to the character. The remainder of the cast was, with the exception of the sab stibatiou of Mr. Manro for Mr. Lawrence aa Hardress Cregao, the sanye as on itbe former occasion of the piece being produced this season. Miss Juno's Colleen was a beantiful piece of acting, and Father Tom and Danny Mann were skilfully represented by Mr. HOI and Mr. Streeton respectively. Mr. Moagrave was effi cient as the vulain of the plot, sad Mrs. Stone ham acted Mrs. Cregan very fairly. Mr. Uanro showed a very imperfect conception of Hardness Cregsn, and spoke of the proba bility of the Colleen " doing herself some mischief" with a most remarkable tamo frouL Mr. Batson's Kyrfe Daly, and Miss Norman's Shedah were fair specimens of burlesque, and were received with great laughter. On the curtain falling there was vociferous applause, aod Misses Juno, Stone ham, and Mr. Mansergfa came before the curtain and were welcomed with immense applause, the CoQeen receiving offerings of bouquets. The farce of "Paddy Mues's Boy" followed, and created great amusement. To-night Mr. Walter Montgomery win appear as " Hamlet," and will be supported by the whole strength of the company. Saturday's meet of the Adelaide Hunt Club was at the Halfway House on the Bay-road at the usual time, a field ct about SO potting in an appearance. There was a large gathering of spectators to witness the throw-off. The weather was delightfully fine, and the after noon's sport of a very exfanaratiiig description. A drag having been laid for several mQes, the dog* were soon hud on the scent, and went away merrily through a fenced paddock oppo site the public-hcnue; out again over the fence and across the road over some sections, inter sected by drains, to Croaer'a fence, coming oat by the Merpbett Arms, recrossing the Bay roid and on to the Keedbeds, where the veteran dingo had at the <*><! of th: drag been onbagged or uncarted ; awl having been twtiky taftynoea, made excellent running for a maple of miles, and was then caught by the bounds and would have this time been made " dog's meat" of bad not the harriers been whipped off. Another drag was laid over about three miles of country, when at the finish, a puswun from a gum tree was ready to regale the dogs, which they seemed to enjoy mightily, tualgre the gammy taste of the vermin. The first ran was really enjoy able, a ?JMt,an?? of nine miles having been taken at the canter without a check, three stimsh fences and drains being the only obstacles that had to be surmounted by the fieUL A gentle man on Whitefoot caused amusing annoyance during a portion of the ran by usurping, willy niUy, the functions of the Master by taking charge of the hounds; but the ran bang over the Master's natural anger was mollified by the offending gentleman explaining that he was un accustomed to pobue sporting, and that he had no control over bis horse's movements. Under these circumstances the Master, who bad already expressed bimaetf very forcibly, administered a simple admonition to be more careful for the future, followed by the advice that a horse with a less spirited tempoesment would be more suited to the seat and hand of the aspiring Nimrod. There were present, with few ex ceptions, the name genUemen of the dob as at the last meeting. Mr. Williams, of TafeenaD's, on Topthorne, being also noticed as being pre sent. Mi. Morris (Aide-de-Camp) on Pastime rode remarkably well, tnd took the fences in gallant atyle, as also Mr. Low on Leap Year. The Master (Mr. R. Bladder) on Priam also showed that bis hone bad not forgotten his canning at that sort of thing. Mr. De LHst on Moma was noticed taking the jumps steadily, as were likewise Messrs. Kingwood, Bacon, Seth Ferry on Gipsy Girl, somebody oo Curlew, Captain B. Uoagbs an Fra IHavolo, W. D. I Fisher on Gipsy, Maloney am Oyster CirL Oliver on Jolly Boy, Bossean a good stamp of horse, a darkle on Holland's Clodhopper, : Mnttins on Tightfnot. Messrs. BUekmore, j Foote, Mford, Smith, and several others. Mr.! Henning, as usual, fallowed the line of hunt ia his drag drawn by a, pair of fast trotters, and managed to get in at the take a, few samates ton late, whoa be immediately kindly com menced to dispense something aUougcr than si iua pone, >nd quite if not more acceptable, there were only a couple of banters, no damage resaltiag from either. A kangaroo in promised for next hunt. The following extraordinary ghost story is from a recent number of the BarrttK gong Ar,j*tt, Mew South WsVs:—**la theas enlightened times it seems almost an absunlity to talk about ghosts making their appearance, but the following statement of what has be fallea three respectable men rending near Young is authentic, and may be relied upon by our readers as being nohojx. The three men referred to are splitting pos<s and raits for fencing at s place about four miles from Young, near the Three-mile and the old buffer Kosfc. The first time they saw anything onaaoal was on one moonlight night, about three weeks ago. when they were much startled by aeet?g ia the bush near their hot a white object the size of a cat, bat of no particular form. This extraor dinary-looking object suddenly before their eyes sprang up into a white spectre about eight feet high. They called oat to it, bat could get no reply, struck it with a stick, and it sounded hollow. It also chased two of them one way, and ooe another. On another oriissiinj they retired to bed at the usual bocron a calm still night, went to sleep, slept for some time, and, upon one waking up during the night, he was much surprised to find that the whole of the roof of the hnt had been removed. On loskmg out they saw the spectre, bat no one eke was about, and they are all quite sure that """hf on this or the former pension waa it otter a man or a woman. Its suddenly rising before their eyes from a mere nothing to a height of eight feet quite dumbfounded them. *~thfr mght they were much surprised at seeing a strange, nnearthly-looldng animal souwwhat re sembling a dog. with a long chant attached to it. This animal came right in front of the hut, and commenced grinning st them, bat made no noise, nther by harking or otherwise, save the occasional rattling of his chain. As the —??—??l would not go away, one of the mm (who wasa good shot) loaded a gun and fired the contents direct at the brute, but the shot took no effect upon it The dog, or whatever it was, remained for some considerable time. On another night the dog seemed to have returned, for they beard the ratfling of a chain and a noise like what a, dog would make when licking a plate. Upon looking outside, they saw that a plate winch had beenleft them was in motion, but they could not see what caused it to be so, although they ?ould, whfl* looking, distinctly hear the same noise described above. They watched it for some time, the plate being kept in motion, and the noise being distinctly heard as if the plate was being licked by some animal On Sunday last these men came into Young, and upon one of them return' ing in the evening he found that the door of the hut had been polled down, and its oontenta brought outside and left there. Two out of the three men are well known to ?*, and we fed confident that what we have stated may be relied upon as the truth. A shepherd toM these men that some time ago two men who were splitting there quarrelled, and one Iduod the other with an ?xe, and afterwards fell a tree on him, and that it was nothing extraordi nary for the murdered man's ghost to make its appeaiance. The men will most likely be in town to-night, when we shall bear further par ticulars, which we shall not fail to give in oar next issue." 