BENISONS. . . IT will not be necossary to-morrow to ask the prayers of the congregation, for Messrs. Keomp and. Idnes, for, through the whole week they have boon receiving the benedictions both loud and, deep of an outraged public. This has led to a revival of their antecedents, which have been bandied about from hand to hand. Matters that had been buried in oblivion were recalled to life, and facts, unknown before, revealed.' The , personal history, publio and private, of these two gentle men is at present very fresh and green in the memories of a inultitude of men and women. Their conduct, has boon the theme of many tongues, and right or wrong the impression is general that their refusal to sign the cheques for work done by the contractors, and certified by the Company's! Engiuoer,. was factious and obstructive. One insinuated that "palm: .oil" was required to make the Commission work smoothly; another that' it was their interest. to protract the work for the sake of continued salary; another that it was a bald manifestation of power to magnify the self-consequenco of the two Commissioners; another that it was designed to.causo the Governmeit to buy up the stock and take the affair into its own hands,' when their office would'bepermanenout. Some thought they wished to get rid of the Engineer, and get an incompetent maei who would do just as they told him. It is the general opinion that if they obtained the returns they called for, and which' the contract was framed to avoid, because false and delusive, they would then be as wise as they were be fore. M'oreover, persons asked what Mr. Kemp is paid a salary foi but,'if he thought necessary, to take out the quan tities for himsolf? If he is not able to-do this he is the wrong man in the wrong place. If the British Government had such confidence in Mr. Doyne o as to decline to send a: second Engineer to check his work at Ceylon, surely the Government of Tasmania might trust not only his ability but his integrity in our small matter. The information he has furnished monthly is ample and reliable, and has enabled the other Commissioner, Mr. Bartley, to sign the cheques without the, ghost of a scruple. We have yet to leain that Messrs. Kemp and Inies are more upright and conscientious than'that gentleman. Already they have inflioted a 'serious loss upon the Compani: for interest; and believing from the outsoet that the Commission was a useless and costly incumbrance,, it is surprising that such a power should be. placed in. the hands of such men who 'umight wreck the whole concern, and 'spread disaster far and .wide, ruining individuals, and destroying the credit of the colony, We think we miiy .say: with :tolerable safety that neither Mr. .Kemp nor. Mr. Innes is likely to form a member of another Commission in this island. ; ·· i -~- --:---. __ -i I" ' ; 