FATHER HYACINTHE. (From the Saturday. Review.) It would be difficult to overrate the signifi cance, especially at this moment, of the letter, to the General of his Order just published by Father Hyacinthe, and which, though deplored aud eeu- aured by the Bishop of Orleans, is said to havo been previously submitted to tbo Archbishop of Paris, and to have received his approval. There is probably no living preacher who has exercised so wide an influence as Father Hyacinthe.' He has conducted for tho last five years the famous "Conferences," addressed to a congregation of some ten thousand people in tho cathedral' of Notre Dame,whicb were initiated by Lacordaire and subsequently carried on by Ravignan, whose Life was not long ago reviewed in our columns.- That Father Hyacinthe's teaching was hardly of a kind likely to find favour with the party at present "all-powerful at Rome" was indeed well known. but that they would have the indiscretion to command silence or public retraction, and that the command would elicit s (pronounced and em- phatic a protest against the whole Ultramontane system now dominant in the Catholic Church, Is more than could have reasonably been surmised ; — and,his-letter, taken in connexion with similar demonstrations from other influential quarters, gives startling evidence of the profound diver gence between the two contending parties within her pale which is every day„being forced more prominently into view. Moreover,' the line which — bVha3"R"dopteilr\vMle"HhnsTTiuch-iirconitnon- with that of the Treves memorialists, of Monta- lembert, of Sonor Lin no", tho AbbG Saint Pol, nncl others, derives peculiar importauco from tho fact ' of his being not only an cccleslnstio, but & monk of the strictest order in the Church. Aod it differs no less importantly from that taken under somewhat similar circumstances by persons in nearly the same position. When the ill- omened Bnll of Gregory XVI. appeared, which condomoed the Liberal Catholicism of tho last generation as represented by Lamennals and Lacordaire, Lncor- dalre yielded at least an oxternal submission to # the decree which blasted his fondest aspirations; and Lsfpennais, who had taught himself and others to identify Christianity with Papal infalli bility, after a brief period of suspense, rejected \- both alike aud finally. Father Hyacinthe does nothing of tho kind, he refuses indeed " to speak a language or maintain a silence which would not be the faithful expression of his con science," and appeals from an unjust command \- to " that higher law of justice and ' royal liberty' which, according to St. James tho Apostle, is the proper law of the Christian." But ho does not brenk with' Christianity or Catholicism, though be brioge the most terrible impoachraent against the whole administration of the Catholic Church. On the contrary, be appeals to tbo example of tbo saints, in whose footsteps he desires to tread, and protests " before the Holy Father and tbe Council," in the interests of the Church at this solemn crisis, " the most violent, the most ob scure, and tho most decisive of its existence here bqw,M ngoinst "those doctrines and practices whtch are called Roman, but which are not Ohris- tian, and which by their encroachments, always more audacious and more baneful, tend to change the constitution of the Church, the basis and the form of its teaching, and even the spirit of its piety." Three or four centuries have rolled away since this language, or anytbing Itke it, has been heard from tho lips of priests and monks. It recalls the burning words of Gerson and Savonarola, of the speakers at Pisa and Constance, and at the earlier sessions of the Council of Trent, and ii confirms in every particular what has for some years past been urged in more cautions terms by . the reforming party within the Roman Catholic "Uhurcb, and has been all aloog denounced by their opponents as a libellous falsehood of her enemies. Father Hyacintho expressly accuses the Roman authorities of doing their utmost to bring about an unnatural divorce between religion and morality, and of being tho real authors of 'the unbelief and moral anarchy so widely preva- lent among the Latin nations " I protest against tho divorce, as impious as it 'is insensate, sought to be effected between tbo Church, which is our eternal mother, and tbo society of the nineteenth century, of which we are the temporal children, and towards which we have also duties and regards. I protest against that opposition, mora radical an I more frightful still, to human nature, attacked and outraged ' by these false doctors, in its most indestructible and most holy aspirations. I protest above all against the sacrilegious perversion of the Gospel of the Son of God Himself, the spirit and the letter of which are alike trampled under foot by the phari- saism of the new law. It Is my most profound conviction' that if France in particular, and the Latin races in general, ere given up to social, 'moral, and religious anarchy, tho principal cause undoubtedly is not Catholicism itself, but the manner in which Catholicism has for a long time been understood and practised." '"No one who is even moderately acquainted with the phenomena of European society can entertain the slightest doubt that these 'words point to a truth, and a truth which is daily forcing itself more Imperatively on the convictions of religious and earnest men, whether among Catholics or Protestants. And if now, as Father Hyacinthe observes, " for tbe firet time in three hundred years an (Ecumenical Council is not only convoked, but declared necessary," by the Pope, it seems not a -little remarkable that in convoking it no reference whatever is made to facts which, one would have supposed,' contained tho true explanation of that necessity. In the fifteenth century tho cry for ' reform was loudly raised throughout Catholic Europe. - The Roman Catholic authorities of tho present day seem to shrink from admitting the possibility of any reformation being requisite or even desirable. How are we to explain this ? One explanation has been suggested by some among both the Catholic and Protestant critics of Father Hyacinthe's letter, which, utterly fallacious as we deem It, is of sufficient consequence from its general bearings, as well as in its application to this particular case, to call for a brief notice ' here. Fathor Hyacinthe's protest, it is said, may be — and from a Protestant point of view is — a very fine and noble one, but what right has he to 'deliver it? Are we to Understand that he has become, or intends to become, a Protestant? If ' be, well and good. Ho would, according to one section of- his critics, vindicate his position as a consistent apostate according to the other as an enlightened Christian. But how oan he, as a Roman Catholic, venture to question tho possible decrees of the forthcoming Council, and to imply that they may be such as he will not consent to be bound by? Is not the infallibility of the Chureh and its Councils part and parcel of Catholic belief? Yet he certainly does imply tbat tbe Council of next December may go wrong, Now we must-confess-that we do not ,see tbo relevancy of this question. Father Hya- cinthe may intend to-become a Protestant,though there U no sort of indication of any such design In his letter, and it may be true, as some of his . critics have suggested, that it would be a very fine thing if be. did. But with that we are not concerned here.- Io sensible man will supposo, at all events, that the considerable party which he represants-are likely to turn Protestants en masie : and it bccomes thorcfore.a.matter of some interest, when we reflect on tho critical influence tlioy may hereafter exert on the doslinioB of a communion including more than half the Chris tian world, to inquire whether wo ought to toll Ihcm th.it, If they do not, they can only vindicate their consistency,not-'to say their- honesty, by re-- lapsing into Ultramontanism. Let it then be granted at once that a belief in the infallibility of Councils is universal, or nil but universal, among Catholics, though we are not aware of any authoritative document of their Church which 'defines it. ' Does it- therefore follow that they will be bound on their own principles to accept any decision whatever, however little in accord with Scripture or ancient tradition, which may emanate from tho assembly of next December ? Surely there is a previous question to be de termined first. Whether wo maintain, with tliom, thnt General Councils are infallible, or say, with the Thirty-nine Articles, that " forasmuch as they bo composed of moo," &c.; " thoy may orr, and sometimes lmvj erred, in things pertaining unto God," we still havo to ascortain, iu the first place, what is a General Gouncil f Ono condition always laid down is that it should bo lawfully, convoked end universally receivod iu tho Church ; and here nt odco room may be given for much variety in this or tlnt particular case. Nor cau it DO said lUQv bllcu ipicoiiuuo, uuwvTat pusoiuiv iu tho abstract, do not rcnlly affect tho. practical result. A glance at Church history will convlnco ! us of tbo reverso. About tbo 'authority of the first seven General Councils assembled before the division of East and West, no question has ever been raised by Catholio divinos, but there tho unanimity onds. Tbe number of general Councils of the Latin Churcb since tho separation is vari- -ou8ly- sUted_by-differenL_theolagian3,_and-thfiBQ. who agree npen the number do not always moke it up in tho same way. The first Council of Lyons (12-15) and tho Council of Vienne (1311) arc, with abundant reason, excluded from the list by many theologians, and none but extreme Uitramoutiines _w.ou!d_rreokon Leo X.'s fifth Synod of Lateran (1517) as (Ecumenical. Objec- -tiousr-only— less- strong,— may— be-urged-Rgftinst- several more. On tho other hand, Ultramontane writers have openly assailed the claims of the Councils of Fiaa and Basle, and 8i>me recent Jesuit divines, like the authors of the Slitnmen aus Maria Laach, without venturing directly to assail tbo Couucil of Constance, have quietly dropped it out of their list. Yet tbeso three were tbo most largely attended, the most weighty and influential ou every moral ground, aa well as in fact, of all tho medieval Councils, and their decrees received the express approbation of the Pope, if we except tho later sessions of Basle, whose authority no one defends. More than this, when the illusory union with tho Greeks was being patched up at the Council of Florence, it was formally styled the 8th (Ecumenical Council, thus passing over with & wet sponge the ten or eleven, according to tho ordinary Latin reckoning, which had met since the second of Nice. On this ground stone, .therefore it cannot fairly be urged that Father Hyacintho is inconsistent in holding his allegiance to tho -decisions of -the— future Council of the Vatican in suspense, wbilo accept ing as iofallible tbo decisions of Nice or Ephesus or Chalcedon ; especially if it -should enjoin a belief, inconsistent (say) with the decisions of Constanco, by which he is already bound. It yet remains to be seen how, far the forthcoming decrees wilt receive the assent" "of tho Churcb. Tho refusal of such assent has always been held conclusive against tho claims of, t.g , the Arian Synod of Rimini, and tho Eutychian decisions of the so-called Latrocinium of Ephesus But there is another consideration of folly equal magnitude, dwelt on by Father Hyacinthe in tho concluding paragraph of bis letter, and urged at f;reater length by Seoor Liano in tbe pamphlet ately reviewed io our columns; Theologians and canonists maintain, in obvious accordance with the dictates of common sense, that freedom of discussion at a Council is so indespensable condi tion of the validity of its decrees. Indeed when this condition is absent it is tho merest mockery to speak of it as an (Ecumenical at all, or as in any real sense representing tho Church. It is ono thing to say — what, wo presume, would be the ordinary Catholic view— that tho Holy Ghost may bo expected so to "order the unruly wills and affections of sinful men" in a Council, as eventu ally to briog out a true decision even from the most passionato and prejudiced wranglings of rival parties. It is quite another thiog to say that He will guarantee tho infallibility of deci sions which are not, properly speaking, those of the Council at all, when it is simply convoked to register decrees prepared beforehand by an independent Authority, and submitted, not to its discussion, but to its passive assent. Nor does it make tho least difference whether the compul sion applied be physical, as at the Robbers' Synod of Ephesus, or moral, as at many of tho mediaeval Councils, or a mixture of tho two. The infallibility of Counoilsron any-but the Ultramon tane theory, depends solely on the infallibility of the Church which they are supposed to represent; and a Council which is packed, or coerced or cajoled into acting .as the mere mouthpiece of tho Pope, does not really represent tho church at all. No council can bo called free which is composed exclusively of bishops every one of whom is bound by tho most stringent oath " to preserve, defend, increase, and promote, to the ntmost of his power," not tho welfare of religion and the Church, but " the rights, honours, privileges, and authority of the Holy Roman Church', of our Lord tbo Pope, and his successors," and -?' to observe, and to make others observe, the decrees, ordinance, reservations, and provisions, and man. dates of the Apostolic See." It is, then, without any surprise, and still less with any inclination to chargo him with inconsistency or unfaithful ness to his profession, thnt we find Father Hyacintho protesting by anticipation against a possible, not to say probable, miscarriage of justice at " tbo august assembly," summoned to meet at Rome on December 8 " But if fears which I will not share were to bo realized— if the august assembly had no more liberty in its deliberations than it already has in its preparations; in a word, if it were, to be de prived of (he essential character of an GScume - nieal Council, I would cry aloud to God and man to claim aoother, really assembled .iu the Holy Spirit, not in tho spirit of parly ; really' represent ing tho universal Church, not tho silence of some and tho oppression of others." Meanwhile, it must by this time have become clear, even to tho shortsighted clique of resolute obscurantists who pull the wires at the Vatican that thoy cannot hope to carry nmttors their own way without a struggle, and that to extort from the Council an assertion of Pupal infallibility is much more likely to imperil the unity than to secure the subserviency of the Churcb. ' A recent preacher on tho Council, 'at Archbishop Manning's " Pro-Cathedral" of Kensington, is reported to havo told his bearers that for his own part he would not remain another day in tho Catholic Church if It did not allow full scope for the reasoning powers. It is very satisfactory, of course, to be assured on such 'good authority that Monsignor Capel finds full and free play for his intellect within tho straitest limits of Ultramon- tane orthodoxy ; but we have to set against this tho fact that another preacher, of perhaps almost equal celebrity, has a very opposite experience to record. Cardinal Cajetan said, in his treatise on the relative authority of Popes and Councils, that " tho Catholic Church is the born handmaid of -the Pope."— The court of Rome is to all appear- ance, determined to take' an early opportunity of testing tho correctness of his descriptlon. Pbepabwo Gi.uk Fon Brady Use.— To any quantity of glue uso common whisky Instead of waton Put both together in h .bottle, cork it tight, and set it for threo or four days, when it will-be fit for use without lho application of heat. Gluo, thus prepared, will keep for years, atid is at all times fit for use, oxcept in very cold weathor, whan it should be set io warm water before using. To obviate tbo difficulty 'of the stopper getting tight by the glue drying in tho mouth uf the vossolruseatin'vosgeVwlththo'covcr'fittlrfg'Uglir on tho outside to provnnt'the escape of tho spirit by evaporation. A strong solution of isinglass, made in tho same manner, is an excellent cement for leather, & Asotiikk Shootixo t«hvkr.— Tho shooting of young Indies by disappointed inrets has become a popular crime. An uff.iir of this kind took phieo l;\st Thursday ovening at MinnonpoliR. in Minno. sola. A young lady of very prepossessing npponr- anco named Alien Ferguson, who hml been boon engaged at sewing at the Nicollet house, had unconsciously woo tho affections of a voung mau named Anthony Cochrane, a bricklayer! Tho young mnn war very nrdont, but unfortunately his lovo was not returnod. He proposed, aud was 'rejected. Tho coldness of the young indy drovo him almost frantic. Hie attentions amouuted to persecution, nud greatly &n;»oy who is not only very beantifulbut as good as she is iovely. Sho had rcasontuL again and , again with her unreasonable adraireff until beripatlpocc was about exhausted. ' On Thursday evening'ho again forcod himself into ber roomdn thb'tNihollof bouso. where sho 8At sowinirAml ftf?ainv\iri?od his suit. Again ho was refilled, when, fiuding per suasive words of no effect, he resorted to threats, and drawing a rovolvarGo'toUl her sho could have her choice, oithor nnrry hiro or dio. Seriously nlarmcd, but not intimidated, she persisted in bcr refusal, when-hejircd, the ball taking effect in her hand and arm, which she had tlirown up asu pro .tcctiou, .TI»i8,probably_par.od- Uar.liftf,.a9.ho_naiL aimod at her bond, and but for the ball ntriking the bono of her arm, aud being thus turned aside, sho would havo been killed instantly. -Imme diately upon firiug, the cowardly wretch fled, and up to our latest nccounts had not boon arrested, although strong hopes wore entertained ofjiis arrest yesterday. The young lady's arm is'bTdiy -shattoredT-Aod-roay- have-to-oe-amputated, — T-b«- feeliug in Minneapolis was very bitter against tho youug'man, and, had ho bceu found whon tho facts first became known they would hftvo'lynched him. — St. Raul Pioneer. Pat and ttie Wedded Pair,— General Samp son Dovo,of Winepusa, mnrriod tho daughter of the American consul, Miss Jemima Fox. They first went to Killnrney on a wedding tour,' mid aftor they bad stared at that lovely placo till they hurt thoir eyes, thoy went to soo tho Groves of Blarney, and what not. Well tho general dido't want folks to know they wore only just married, for people always ruu to look nt a bride as if she was a bird that .wssonly seen once in a huodred years. Its inconvenient, and a sensitive, delicate-minded girl feels as awkward ns a wrong boot. So says the general to Pat, "Pat," says ho, "don't go now and tell folks we are only just married ; lie low, and keep dark, will you that's a good follow." " Bcdad, never foar, yer honor," 6nid Pat, " tho devil a much they got out "onno, I can toll you." Lot me al6ne"for_tbat";"I cau keep a secret as well as ever a priest in Ireland.' Well, for all that, they did stare, iu a way that was a caution to owls. At last tho general saw that something was in tho wind above common, for tho folks in tho honso looked amazed, and tbey.didnYlook-overbalf-pleased olther.- -So- says he, one day, " Pot," soys bo, "vIJiepo you did not tell thorn wo wore only just married! id you ?" "Tell them you was just married is it, yer honour ?" said be ; " let mo alone for that ? Tbcy were mlgbty inquisitive about it, and especially tbe roaster— he wanted to know all about it. 'Married, iait?' says I; 'they ain't married at all ; tbe devil a parson ever said grace over them ? Bat I'll toll you what,' says I, ' if vou won't repate it to no body, they are goin1 to bo married in about a fortnight, fori hoard them say so tbidi blessed day with my own oars.' " If tbo general wasn't raving, hopping'mad, it's no matter. In half on hour ho and bis wifo were on boatd tbo steamer for England, - Scotch Savages.— A curious account of tbo tinkers of Caithness— who seem to livo a Hfo very much akin to that of the Bushman of South Africa — is given by Mr. J. Mockio iu hisovidenco before tho Select Committee on Poor Law (Scot land). Ho says tbat as a raco thoy are in ell respects different from, and hnvo little or nothing in common with, tho -inhabitants. -They livo entirely by themselves, intermorry with each other, and in thoir general habits and modos of lifo are peculiar. About twenty years ago they numbered only twelve to fifteen, and as thoy wan- dered about through tho fivo northerh- counties, generally living in tho open air, and bivouacking for a fow days at a time by the bordors of a moss or moor, their influence for evil was not re felt as to attract attention. Since then thoy have increased so rapidly as to render division necessary, and now there are hordes of them permanently attaohed to each county, occasionally visiting ono another, but claiming as their residence thoso localities wherothey ; generally congregrite. Thoro are two colonies of thorn, rosidiog oo cither sido of Wick Bay, in natural rocky oares looking into the sea, and so near it that ono of the tribo, a woman, .gjflthiQ a few days of her confinement, was not long ago washed away by a wave while entering the cave on the south sido of tho bay, and was drowned. In these cavos whole famitios livo, day and night, 'With no furniture, no bedding, no privacy. They herd like., cattle. A fire is kindled Iu tho centre of the care, aud around it thoy gather aud have tbeir orgies. Children without a rag to cover thoro run about tbo caves and the entrances, aud .when they.como to town are frequently enveloped in a sack or a piece of sailcloth." Their chairs are boulders, their beds are tho bare ground, and their dishes are tins mado by themselves. Children are bora there frequently, and morotng visitors enteribg suddenly have more than onco found.adults lying drunk iu a state of entire nudity. Girls of fourtoen are frequently mothers. Nut one of tbe hundreds that thus livo In tho northorn oountioB can rend or write, and the eotiro social condition- 6f the tinker tribo is of tho most degraded character. The Glorious British Law.— At tho Central Criminal Court, Sydney, the following sentences werepassod by Judgo Cheek— Arthur Gore/for stealing £5, three years imprisonment with hard labour ; and on John Clark, for killing his wife, three years imprisonment with hard labour. This is even-handed justice with a vengeance. Have wo two Justices Shallow iu Now South -Wales?— What-a- buleffquo-upnu-lftWnnd"jaslicef Wo liavo seldom seen recorded a piece of atrocity equal to that perpetrated by that human tigor Clark, or read of a murder surrounded with joss extenuating circumstances — the man was far more deserving of tho gallows than Palmer or Williams. He certainly did not mnrdor for moooy, but from a worse and, if such a word can be used, nlcn- excasablo motive. His blood.lbirsty nature, his savago instincts led bim.to butcher his wife, whom be brutally smashed and beat into jfulp; his fero city was not excited like tho bushranger's— by plundor— ho wanted no such motive, but heat his wifo to death for the pleasure of the thing. As to the ruffian belog drunk, a trivial excuse and daogarous precedeot, tho follow was, as tho evi dence shows, quito sensible of what ho was doing, and yet ho is no greater criminal than tho man who steals a five pound nolo 1 Well may tho French laugh at our criminal.code, which .is full, of anomalies.— Northern Argus » Rtrock by. Liq»tnq7— ATlKeplibrd namod Whito (Boys the Rathurst Free Press), in the employ- of Mr. J. B, Suttor, narrowly escaped dcatb\frqm 'lightning-stroke during tho thunder- etorm'bn Friday last. Whito hnd taken shelter from thbtorm under, a largo treo; and shortly nfier k'o had taken his place under the tree, it was struck into splintirsiby the "electric fluid, which then passed into tho ground near whore Whito was standing. Tho poor man was knocked down and rendered' insensible tav tho slroko, and lay iu that state for a whole nay. and night before he Was found. >'As lie did not como homo a party of three or four went out to search for him, and after to"3klngfOT'hTnrf discovered him lying where ho had boon smitten dowu. -Restoratives wore applied, wo are happy to say hikv.CRsfully, and White is now in a fair way of recovury. I The Law of Lirki..— At tho trial of Mr. D'Arcy j Murruy, editor of tho Police Raws, fiar, libelling I Dr. Boor, a '"(Sfcdiaato for tho BraidwoW election, i hy culling him a " iicxpiroo Asu., Ids Honor Mr. ! Justico Hargrove, in directing tho jury said it : hud been proved tbat Dr. Boor had been convicted of a cri mo and had utiriorguuo several yonra im prisonment ; and that ho hnd afterwards offered himBulf for a Boat in BttrHnmubt. Tho only point, .therefore; for tho jury to conshlor yas, whether it wns for tho public botf&fit; that ttarfacis relat ing .to his conviction had boon published ._H thought that nowspaners had a right to comment on tiie coudua of public mon, auu to publisti the proceedings of. Courts of law. Everything in n Court' of law was dono openly, and newspapers had a porfoct right to publish tbo proooodings of such courts If It wasnot so tbajjtooplo would know-uothing-of -what- was going ODr — Well, -hero- was a man who had .niaoed bimsolf jio such a position that it was for tho bonofit of tbo public thnt his character should bo coromootod upon. It was for uowbpapor writers to adopt! their own stylo in mnkiog comments upon any publio mnn. As to tho style in which too article against Dr. BeervWas written, the jury bad nolbing/to do. It having boon admitted that what had (boon pub- iishod was perfectly- true, itonly remained for the 'jury to say whotber such publication was for tho bonofit of tho public or uot. Tho jury returned a vordict of not guilty, and tho prisoner was dis charged. j A writer under tho nom do plume of j' Loydon Jar," in ono of tho daily papors, recommends ga!vanismto7bo' substituted- for flogging- as- tho- -pitnieliment-for-wifobeatere.-Hosaya-il-AltbnuKli- tlio gnrrotors somo time ago went a little too far, nnd forced n frightened Legislature to sanction their occasional flogging, it cannot bo denied that this fact weighs heavily on tho spirits of not a fow among us. Every cut which ft sturdy ruffian receives for half strangling or fracturing lho skull of au old gaptlemnu goes deeper ioto thoir tender hearts than it docs into tho scoundrel's back. It cannot bo helped. In a free country wo must endure milksops as well as creator evils. Flogging has its drawbacks. It is not only pain ful, which is what wo want, but it is also often disabling, and society is hardly justified in crip pling any of its members, unless it means to kocp them permanently afterwards. Now lasting injury to the spino has, it is said, often followed a good flogging with tho Cftt. Why, thorofoie, use it, when sciences providos us with a more than sufficient substitute? Agnlvonio battery is the 'substitute 1 propose. MEicctrify. garrotcrs, wifo- beaters, brutally cruel cattle>drovbrs, and the like. Give them a shock proportionate to. their. crimioa- lity. Rogulato it, as you can precisely, according to their strength. Any electrician could construct a mnchino which would allow of gradations of palu from tho well-known ' pins and noodloB' up to a jarring which would resemble tho breaking ,of_bonos._ And. tho.poiot to. bo_ borne Jnjnripd is_ thnt the infliction could bo stopped instantly, and would leave little or no evil or disabling effects afterwards. It would., also admit of frequent application. I fancy a garroter who bad been coodemood to.a month's electrifying every day would be unnsually reluctant to have tho experi ment repeated.' I need not point out also how much mora suitablo ..this system is to tho advanced condition of hnronnity and enlighten- mont' we have all attained, as compared to the pld fashioned cnt-o'-nine-tnils." 4 ' Bbecueb's Advice to Young Doctors.— Ilonry Ward Beooher givos.youug doctors tbo following advice : — " It is nature that cures. Tbe less a doctor does tbo bettor for his patient. It 1b tho doctor's business to take the credit of what na ture dooR. Cultivate a look of mystery. Every mother of a sick child studios'tho doctor's face. Como in softly, but with the . air of a 'mild con queror. Look piercingly at tho patient. Then look from ono to attbtbor of tbo persons present. Say to tho nurse, in a low tono, I think you have a right view of tho esse and before you leave say to mother, ' I could not have dono bettor for the case myself than you. havo done.£ If the child gets well, as it will, nine times , in- ton, if you let it alone, you will have tbo credit in that family of extraordinary skill. If it dies, it will only bring out the moral view, 1 We must all die. When ono's timo comes no skill can cure,' etc. Buf ou really mean to try tho medicine dodge, yon must choose your school. If youaroto.be an allopathic you need but three things: opium, calomoj, and antimony. Anything that cannot bo reached by them ought not-to be cured. With tlieso threo swords you eao slay all diseases or all the patients ; and, in either case, tharo is an end of suffering. If you select the bomccopathlo treatment you havo only to boy a manual and a box— about as largo ns ft cigar box— of pillules or tinctures. Aftor a little time, you can put pill to symptom QS rapidly ab the post-office clerk can distribute tho nameB and boxes. If sileoco aud mys&fy; nrQ not your forte, you may havo equal sucogsst'by judicious talking. Many people can bo talked out of aoytbing. If laudatory words do not abato symptoms, they may increase repu tation. Tho pRtient may die, but, if thoso tn&t; still livo think that you Are 'the most knowing doqtor that over they met,' (and it's your fault .ifythey do not), then you are sure of being called 'agan?' Always havo aq oyo to tho future. Who- over dies, see that the living liko you. Dead men furoi'dh no practice!" White Ant Pest.— Tho subjoined remedy, wbioh has been frequently tried in Jamaica, aud in every instance with tho most satisfactory results, will put a stop to the ravages of tho whito ant. It Is woll known thaprftbisjlittlo peat pos sesses cannibalistic proclivitfeerand has no objec tion to gorge himHolf on theremains of bis dead companions. Well, supply this greedy creature with the mator'uls for accomplishing his own destruction, in tiro following manner, viz:— Find out if possible, the' nest or bill, which can in moBt cases oe easily dono by tracing their " covered way make a holo in the nost and crush a largo niimbor with the Bldo of a knife, mixing about half a teaspopnfnl of arsenic wjjbli'.tho bruised -bodiQS_pf-thQ_dead. ln_a_vory_8bbrt_tirao_tbo. living will bogin to feed on lho dead, nnd oach batch will supply poisonous food for thoir sur viving cofprdGi till tlio whole colony is utterly exterminated. In one week there will not remaiu a white ant.in tbe house or building in which they had established IbomsclvlB. A single trial will convince tfae' most incredulous, demonstrate tho officacyof this plan, and savo perhapB valuable property from destruction, by tho outlay of a few pence. Mr. Richard O'Sullivan has retired from tho editorship nnd pArt proprietorship of tho Free man' 'Journal. In a " partiDg word to readers of the Freeman,1 Mr. O'SulHvnn enys " With life causes whicli lad to my withdrawal from the manngoinent of the .Freeman's JOttrnal, it ie quite unnecessary to .trouble you,furthor than to stato that the-fpiof flason woe a differonce of opinion between myself and my partners, Messrs. Blundell And Dolman! respecting thb'inBortiun of an article -which.Lhad-writton-upou-LThe Departure of tbo mnesticdiStatorpriBonorBTrl-wroto it with the intcntiou oi publishing it; It did not meet with their approval and they refused to let it-appoar. It was u difference of judgment wherein blame attached to neither par£y. But onre I wns, as I regarded it, improperly interfered with in thu execution of my duty— once I saw an attempt mado to bitporvisa my writings— onco it was sought to ho established that my., articles wore to ha published merely on tho sufleraqoaof othor parties— once tho power of veto wa6 0laimodby my partners— it aaemed to mo thnt I bad no honorablo alternative but a remgnntion of my . Position, aud ft complete withdrawal from tho proprietary. That Is /precisely thu courso I'havo udoptcd. I liavo transferred my share in tho paper and tny position as editor to a gontleman whom I boliovo to bo in ovcry wuy worthy of confidence nnd support." An Extempore Commentator.—-' Tho Ilov.. James Oliplmnt, minuter of. Dumbarton, hnd a Usurious habit of making running comroonts, in a low. tono of voico, ns ho road tho Scriptures. Hence, .ns ho novor curod himself of tho practice, th£io seats noarcst tho pulpit wore tho most: highly prized. Hero are two samples of his " pulpit notes Reading of. tho swjno running iptqtho sea, ho muttered, "Ob, tlmtvtbo devil had tfoFn choked too!" Heading Peter's remark, "Wo bavo loft all, nnd followed Thee," tho- miniver ejneulatod; 11 Ayo boastip,' Peter, oyo braggin' ; what had ye to.Ioayeibu'tronold crazy boat, and may bo twa or thro6tterTnota'?,uf ' -.Iced Tea.—1 Tim most doiicioiii nnd sustaining boverago that can bq_ drunk irihotwoathor-is" good strong tea cooled down with Jumps >f ice. It should bo only slightly sweotenod, without milk, and flavoured with a few slices of lemon, which are infused tho timo tho toa is firat'mado. A jug of this ready at hand would suit tho com plaint of many of our roadors toa T whilst tbe thormonrotor donotos a high tomporaturo. 