CHIKPING CRICKETS. | -? - - -Oh- I From 3AR Cornhill, for February.) EVENT the other night to see a play called "Dot," in which a beneficent cricket chirping on the hearth brings a kindly warmth to the very hearts of the people assembled round it. The poor, ill-used husband, sitting all night, staring at the empty grate, softens and kindles under the influence of this beneficent cricket. The sceptical young sailor tears off his disguise; the narrow-minded taskmaster, after a short experience of the chirping of this friendly insect, becomes generous, charitable, and begins to pay the most marked attentions to the poor I toy maker's daughter. Then, lo, and behold ! the fireplace opens, and a glowing apparition comes down the chimney, and the beaming spirit of the hearth is revealed to the spectators, who faugh kindly and clap applause. As we all know, it is not only at the phy the spirits of the hearth appear. In the darkness of these long winter evenings their lights gleam, and their voices echo cheerfully through the old houses. Newport Refuge (my text for to- day is alight ; other hearths are kindling. There is an old house near the river with red wine, and a stately roof, and diamond panes, where I saw a real spirit on the hearth the other night ; only it was more beautiful and shining even than the crowned lady at the play-a tall spirit in robes of green, lighted by stars, twinkling crimson and golden ; a spirit Briareus-like, with outstretched arms, and beautiful gifts hanging from them, and glittering flags and wreaths. All round about it stood a crowd of wistful little babies, with big round eyes, in which this wonderful shining was rejected. Only one night in all the year does this lovely, wonderful spirit appear to the little patients at Gough House Hospital-poor, tiny, aching creatures, with wounds, and pains, and plagues innumerable. Their little, pale faces may be seen peeping out of the narrow windows of the old house the people passing by, at the men at work in the wood-yard, at the boats smiling along the river hard by. Other little children, who are welcome, ned to them, and play upon the old steps leading up the ancient doorway, over which Victoria Hospital for Children " is written up in big letters, for those who run to read. In this community, which the lady in charge . kindly gave me leave to explore for myself, there are about thirty little children. The first room into which I wandered belonged to eight babies, who are put to bed about 6 o'clock, in cradles all round the room. In each cradle lies a silent, abstracted, blinking heap ; one nurse and a little helpful patient are backing them all busily away. There was not a dissentient voice among them. Home babies should, kick, shake the house with their indignant voices. But these infants were all good, all going to sleep, clutching their prizes and tiny dolls and clenched fists behind their little chintz curtains. In the older wards the children were gathered round the tall fender in the firelight, chatter- ing to one another, the little blind boy lying flat on the floor, the little white was girl in her nightcap sitting in a tiny wicker chaw, so still, so touchingly tranquil, that it gave one a pang to see. A sweet-faced rosy little maiden, with great brown eyes, is lying paralysed on her back in her crib. "I don't want to go home," said one little fellow who had come from his back- kitchen home to be cured and dipped in these healing waters. " I likes being here best." " I'm going home," said the little blind boy, kicking on the floor. '" I'm going home to- morrow am." "He is always saying that," laughed the other children. "I have been here-oh, a very long time," said a tall boy called George oh, a long time ; but I don't remember. I have been here six weeks, I think." " He has been here the longest," said the little children, wagging their heads ; '. longer nor any one." " Do you like this better than school, David ?" I asked one of them. David nods and nods. " Ye-es, ma'am," says he. All the little children laugh. " He don't want to go home,"" says a little girl sitting up in her crib. They are very happy, poor little souls and it is not while they are in the hospital that one is sorry for them. The lady who has charge of them all says the hardest part is sending them away ; but others are waiting and they must go in turn. She amused me by describing their bewilderment sometimes when they come, at the sight of the baths and the water provided. They have never even heard of such things at home, and cannot make them out, Their complaints are, many of them, caused by sheer neg Ject and want of cleanliness and yet, how can it be helped ? A man came to the hospital the other day ; he had eight children, no work, . a wife sick in a hospital, and one child very ill at home. David is one of seven in a dark kitchen, where he lives with a mangle, a sick father, a thriftless mother. What chance have the poor little children The mangle cannot do everything. It is only a mangle, and it could not feed and clothe nine people, though it went on of its own accord turning from one year's end to another. " It is not only that the children are generally cured when they come here," said Miss S-, " but they learn things which they never forget. They are taught little prayers ; they get notions of order and cleanliness. One little girl said she should go home and teach the others all she had learnt. She came from a miserable place, poor little thing. One would be glad to think that any good influences might follow the children after they have left us." For the first time they hear of something besides the squalid commonplaces of their daily lives. This hospital is doing true and good work in its district : one can only hope that others in their places may rise up, and that there may be more and more kind teaching and comfort in store for all poor little children, and more and more kind hands to succour them, and friendly roots to shelter them from the blast. The ladies who superintend the children's hospital are trying an experiment just now. They want to establish a fever cottage some- where in the country, to which they may send the poor little patients who cannot of necessity be let into their wards. Every one knows the Great Parent Hospital, in Ormond-street. Yesterday I heard some one speaking of a little off-shoot in Queen's-square, founded by two ladies who take in children afflicted with hip disease, an illness so tedious and so long that the other hospitals are obliged to refuse them admittance. In town and country villages, and seaside places, people are at work, and sisters of charity of one sort or another (for it is not the quilled cap which makes the differ- ence are nursing and tending their little patients, stirred by the same gentle natural impulse, which makes real mothers love their little ones with an anxious pain and love and fear, in which some women find the greatest, happiness which this world can bestow. At Brighton there is more than one little home for sick children. One specially in Montpellier Road, for little conva lei CLaiR, where the care is so wise and tender, that people who, like myself, go to see, come away with a real friendship and love for the Lillie place. If some mighty spirit were to give us the gift of seeing into the lives of the people who are passing like ourselves through the slush and mud and um vapours of a London winter, we might well be scared, we middle respectable classes, hurrying along morn one comfortable firelit world to another-worlds closed in by curtains and shutters, warmed by fires and carpets, steaming with the flavour of good things. We go out into the streets, and hurry back again to our snug paradise, where white robed hours are singing and playing upon grand pianos with golden strings, where ministering butlers and waiters and parlourmaids are pouring claret into thin glasses that sparkle, where tables are spread a la Russe with fruit and with flowers, and the faithful are feasting in companies of six, eight, and ten at this season of the year. As they feast they are reclining upon seats of mahogany and rosewood, and discoursing of past and future deeds. Shining is the broadcloth, spotless the white linen; veils and crowns are set on the heads of the matrons, and wreaths lie on the maidens' heavy tresses that are plaited and stained to gold and soft words are uttered and smoking viands pass round between the pauses of the conversation. But, speaking seriously, it seems almost impossible to some of us, living in a certain fashion, to realise the state of mind in which certain other people alongside are existing, people whose chief possessions are a few rags perhaps, a body to hunger and weary with, aching feet to tramp along the pavement, the fierce winds blowing at the corners, the gusts of rain, and the piled-up mud in the streets. The wet railings to lean against are theirs too, a kerbstone perhaps to rest upon, and the bitter fruits of the knowledge of hunger, of patience, of utter weariness, of the length of the night. " I daresay you don't know what it is to walk J about all night long," a woman said to me one day not long ago and her eyes filled up with tears as she spoke quietly in a sort of whisper. " I walked about three nights this week,' ' she said, " till a person I met took pity on me, and let me into her room. She was only a poor woman ; not a lady," the woman said. " She told me to come here." " Here, was the women's ward in the Newport Market Refuge, a long room, with slender iron pillars, and a double row of narrow beds on either side of the middle passage. The beds were wooden frames stretched with sacking, and fastened to the wall. By each bed a woman was standing, waiting while some one at the far end of the room was busily preparing bowls of hot coffee and dividing bunches of white bread. One or two of the women looked scared and sad, but not all. Till this person spoke to me, I should never have guessed how the week had passed for her nor what straits she was in. I had even wondered to see her there, for her appearance was decent and respectable, and her face looked quiet and cheerful; only, when she answered me, her eyes filled with tears, and her voice failed. This was the only woman to whom I spoke ; but I suppose there were some thirty of them in the long room, who had just been let in out of the rain. I had come a long way, and the horse had struggled and stumbled through the black twinkling mud, for it was dark and wet with rain this London winter's evening ; dim crowds were flitting and hurrying along shadowy pavements that all the flaming-gas-becks in the shop fronts were not enough to lighten-no sky over head, no tops to the houses, but a dense Christmas vapour dripping upon the heads of the passers-by. We turned from gas to utter blackness, out of the long street which had put me in mind of some foreign street for odd stores, tobacco, bird-cage, jewellery shops and then we jolted into dark and lonely places where no lights were shining, and no one passed. The cab stopped, and the man asked me which was the way to go. A small shrill ghost appealing in a doorway, and hearing us talk of the Newport Refuge, screamed out to us to " go back, turn to the right, and then to the let' again ;" and then, in another gloom, the stumbling horse stopped once more, and the driver opened the door of the cab. The rain was beginning to cease, but the drops still dropped as I stood in the middle of a muddy sheet, to which I could see no share. As well as I could make out, we were in a narrow sort of court-passage, opening into a wider court, with tall tenements enclosing it. One or two people were standing round about something that looked like a big barn- door, half open. " In there, missus," said a man with a pipe and so out of the darkness I stumbled through the barn-door. I was a little bewildered after my long drive by what seemed at first a dazzle of light, a din of voices, a sudden strumming of distant music. . . . . I think I went up some steps. I saw a staircase, a passage, in which was a lighted window, and a man's face looking out over some books. A woman was standing at the window, a great round clock was ticking, and its hands were pointing to ten minutes past 5\. I asked the porter if this was the Refuge, and if the people were all in for the night? Yes, they were all come some sixty of them out of the street. " We let them in early to- night," said the man at the window, " because of the rain." I myself was glad enough to get under shelter." I don't know how I should have felt if I had been walking about all day and all the night before, and all the day before that, and the night before that again, in the slough without as some of the people had done who were just admitted. If I had come to ask for a night's lodging, the man at the window would have asked me my name, what I worked at where I slept the night before. The other woman standing beside me said she made envelopes, had been turned off some weeks, meant to go to this place and that in the morning to ask for work ; had tried all day long, and all the shops, and didn't know what she should do. "There is no reason why you should not find employment," said the man at the window. " People write as many letters in winter as in summer. You should ask at the manufactories instead of going to the shops.' There is a man here to- night who had given up asking in despair. I sent him to Messrs.--, and he got work immediately. You can go up." One of the committee, who had come in with a dripping umbrella, asked if the woman had ever been there before ? "No," she said, anxiously. Mrs. So-and-so in the court had took her in last night, and the neighbours told her to come." The porter nodded, and at this sign of Watch ful's the poor Christiana, nothing loth, trudged up to her supper by the wooden stairs that led to the women's dormitories. ' It was a very simple affair, soon settled, and the man shut up his book for the night, for the people were all ip. There they were, two long lines of names all the way down the page. I followed Mr. C. through the men's ward, which was on the ground floor. It was like the women's ward, more beds, more suppers preparing, and more weary folks waiting to eat, and rest a little while, before they started again on their rounds. I followed my friend quickly down this middle passage, for the many eyes fixed upon us made us glad to escape. I was surprised by the respectable self respect- ing look of most of the refugees. They did not look like people often look in workhouses, with that peculiar half-hopeless, half- cunning face, which is so miserable to see. There were some workmen and others, shabbily dressed, but still respectable, and, looking like shopmen or clerks or servants out of place. One boy, I remember, glanced up with a bright handsome Lord Byron face as we passed, and I also carried away the vision of a melancholy old man with a ragged beard, sitting staring before him, with his hands on his ! knees. After we left the ward, Mr. C. began telling me something of the people who came to it. They were of all trades and callings : clergymen, officers, schoolmasters, a well-known radical reformer, a billiard-marker, a surgeon. In last year's list I see fifty-one tailors and sixteen waiters were admitted. They come in for a night or two, or stay on longer if there seems any reason for it, or chance of employment. , To some of us it may seem sad to read that no less than sixty-five soldiers took refuge in the ward last year, and that no other calling has sent so many applicants for relief. " Of all who come," said Watchful, " they are the most difficult to provide for. We got one a situation in a county gaol the other day ; but it is not always that we can help them." Men of war, mulcted of their arms, discharged before they have served their time, knowing no trade, sick, helpless. It seems a hard fate enough., I heard of some poor invalided fellows coming back from India the other day, discharged, in high spirits at the prospect of getting away and seeing their friends and homes again, " Good-by, you Asiatics ! " one of them shouted, waving his cap, as the train set off. The farewells are cheerful perhaps, but the welcomes awaiting these poor men at their journeys' end are not cheering to contemplate. Some of these soldiers are discharged for bad conduct, but others have sad stories to tell. I could not help wondering the other night, as I talked to my guide, who there was among the men of peace ready to fight their battles. Here, in the Newport Refuge, many get helped, one way and another. Trouble and time are given ungrudgingly by the committee, by the people upon the establishment, and by the kindest of sisters, in her nice grey dress and white cap. This lady is in charge of the women's department. She sits in her quaint dark room, leading out of the women's sleeping ward, with its glass doors opening every instant to admit one or other person, application, complaint, inquiry, petition. The women come, the boys come, the committee comes, and its wives and stray out- a siders like myself ; but there is a method in all these comings and goings, a meaning and an I unaffected kindness and good fellowship that impress one irresistibly. The sister told me to go and see the boys', refuge, and the kitchen, where all the suppers were preparing. It was a large kitchen on the ground-floor, with cocoanut matting and generous-looking pans and coppers, and a white cook watching the coffee- pots that were just beginning to boil. The Newport Refuge not only takes in people to sleep for the night, and cooks their supper for them, but there are also some small folks whom it keeps altogether-certain home- less boys, who live in the old house, and who are taught and fed, and finally start in life from this curious busy hive of a home. We went wandering among the dark passages of this ancient high roofed barn, this foggy, flaring, winter's night. A painter dealing in lights and sudden gloom. might have found more than one subject for his art. Through an open door I caught sight of a little group of tailors at work. They were in a long low playroom, where I have been amused to see the boys darting about in the twilight like imps at play, shouting, galloping, gambolling. Now the little imps were hard at work in a bright corner of the dark room, squatting cross legged in a circle on the floor, round a tall lamp and demurely stitching at the rents and patches in their various garments. Grey walls, grey boys, with their little brown faces, a black master ; su'ongly-maiked shadows and lights, a red handkerchief tied round a boy's neck, it does not take much to make up a harmonious picture. The little fellows were unconscious of pictorial effect as they sat cobbling and mending a few of the tears and tatters that exist in this seam-ripped work). The triumph of the tailors was a grand pair of trousers that one of the little fellows had achieved, with all the buttons gleaming brass. 1 he conqueror himself, I believe, was dispatched to fetch the garment, which was displayed before us, the banner of the industrious little phalanx at our feet. The master tailor and the committee-man had a little talk together, while I watched the boys' youthful fingers sticking in stitches with much application, but some uncertainty. So-and-so was i to be apprenticed, such an one had sent a good account of himself, another wanted to give up tailoring altogether and when the little consultation was over we left the tailors and climbed a winding stair. It seemed to lead us into the kingdom of boys. A cheerful jingle of j sounds, scrapings, boyish voices, met us from above, from below ; small clumping steps and echoes; boys flying up and down, disappearing through doors. In one room, by the light of a blazing fire, a number of little fellows were trolling out a Christmas hymn, at the pitch of their childish voices. In the intervals of this hymn came a brilliant accompaniment from above of I don't know what trumpets, trombones, flutes, executing some martial measure. The two strains went on quite independently of each other, and making noise enough, each in its own place, to deafen the auditors and drown every other sound. One of the choristers was pointed to by the umbrella, and beckoned off to come and show us the sleeping ward, where the boys each possess a box, a suit of Sunday clothes, a bed, a grey blanket, and a red one, and a nice little pair of sheets, all doubled up like a roly-poly pudding, neatly cut through the middle. 1 The young chorister proceeded to make his bed very nicely and expeditiously. While he was accomplishing this little task, I saw the grand pair of trousers being carefully put away in the box of their fortunate possessor. Upstairs, in a sort of loft, where the bands- men were practising, while the master best time energetically, the little musicians puffed and blew at enormous instruments, by the music on the stands before them. The little fellows seemed to me like all the champions of Christendom manfully struggling with vomiting monsters and yawning dragons. One boy was solemnly puffing away at an ophicleide quite as 1 big as he was, with an enormous proboscis that 1 seemed ready to gobble him up each time ft advanced ; others gallantly grasped writhing brass serpents: a rosy-cheeked infant was playing on the flute, a boy on a bench was reading a song book, a charwoman was scrubbing the floor. The sister, in her quaint grey gown, came up the stairs, and stood smiling at the overflowing music, and beckoning to us for we could not hear her speak in the din of their youthful lungs and violent trumpets and trombones The sister wanted us to come to the shoemakers, before they left off work. So we left the musicians playing their triumphant march. Well may they play it, fortunate little musicians, rescued from the darkness without, where no stars are shining, and monsters, not harmless and timetable like these, are wandering ready to make a prey of children, and weakness, and helpless things, vainly struggling against the dark and deadly powers of ignorance and want. The little shoemakers were finishing for the day. They lived at the other end of the building in a cell all to themselves. There was a kind eager young master to direct them ; there were more gas-becks, more lights and shadows, brown-faced boys, drills and lasts, very thick little boots on the floor, with nails, drills and shapes, and abundant energy. The sister laughed, seeing the little fellows' desperate efforts. " Look at Carter," she said, " how hard he is working." Carter grinned, but did not look up, and tugged away at his leather thongs more vigorously than ever. They offered to make me a pair of shoes. They had made some for the Sister already. This very day a friend has consented to be measured for a pair of hobnailed boots. As we were finding our way downstairs back to the sister's room again, we began to meet trays of food, like trays in a pantomime, coming up apparently of their own accord. " Go down, trays," cried the sister, and the slices of bread, the mugs, &c.;, began slowly to descend again. The sister told me that the little bandsman I had seen with the flute was the son of a soldier at the Cape, who had brought him to the Home before he left, and who regularly paid for him out of his earnings, and wished that he should be brought up a bandsman. Some children are drafted on to other institutions ; some are apprenticed. Grown-up people are helped one way and another, I heard of a cook who had no clothes, but who knew of work. This man was given clothes, and allowed to live there long enough to save a few shillings out of his wages, so as to redeem his things and set up in a lodging for himself. The report tells of newspaper editors and musicians helped on to work. Servants come in great straits, and they, too, are assisted. I have not space to set down all the ways and means, and people, and wants, and supplies, that are brought together here. It is pleasant to come away from these refuges and hospitals with a remembrance of children's laughter in the twilight, and voices at play, of troubles quieted, of the sick and wounded made whole, of a divine light of hope and love shining upon the arid and blighted vineyard, and the weary or failing labourers at work among the vines. 