DAILY ISSUE. MONDAY, 21st JUNE, 1869. There is a popular delusion that newspaper people often have a great difficulty in finding wherewithal to fill their columns. To such deluded folks an earthquake, shipwreck, murder, burglary, big fire, or any other great horror appears as a grand windfall to the journalist. There is a sense in which a small grain of truth exists in the delusion, as whatever excites public interest creates interest in the news paper ; but the delusion as a whole is none the less a delusion, the truth beiug that the con ductor of a newspaper generally has harder work in deciding what to select than in getting matter to make his selectious from. An editor is eternally bored by people with grievances, and people who, without grievances, have a chronic Jiuxus pernio; upon them which no power under heaven can cure. Yet an editor sometimes comes really within the actual, but not intended, scope of the popular delusion aforesaid. He is, on rare occasions of dearth of public excitement, compelled to look round for a topic on which to dilate in his leading columns. Had the present been a famine time as to such topics, what a godsend would have been the news by the last European mail about Prince Alfred and the famous or infamous £35001 Newspaper writers have taken it up everywhere, and the parody scribblers might have made out of it a burlesque Tennysonian poem, hight "The charge of the thirty-five hundred." They might have pictured the Prince's almoner going before the House of Commons and tell ing how the royal progress-maker flung gifts to the right of liirn and gifts to the left of him in magnificent profusion, and all for the honor and glory of Old England, wherefore the faith ful Commons ought to pay the little bill. Perchance some Australian ghost might have been sketched turning up at the feast of monarchical praise and glory, pointing at the golden trowels and vases, the jewelled caskets and rich exotic curiosities of a hundred sorts, at the costly receptions given by whole popu lations, and the liberal votes by colonial parlia ments, in honor of the Queen's son; and in intelligible characters the ghost might have been made to write upon the wall the real figures of the balance-sheet as between the Prince and the colonies. If the jokers, how ever, have been too loyal to do these things, editors everywhere have, not been so dainty in their feeding. That Australian newspapers should regard the appeal to the House of Com mons as improper is natural enough. Few writers have ventured to admire the vote as a respectable one from the Queen's or Prince's side, though some have put in a plea for suspension of sentence, 011 the ground that in some sort the Prince came here as the ambassador of England. It was a very pretty plea, only it was not true. Prince Alfred came as the paid captain of the Galatea, plus the Royal Duke in the receipt of a hand some annual allowance on the civil list, was royally and loyally received, was covered with the princely offerings of a generous people, and the least his Royal mother could have done was to have counselled her soil to pay or to have paid out of her own splendid private revenues the whole of the charges of the progress. But perhaps the theory of mo narchy does not contain such an element of independence, and holds to the venerable and gentlemaiilymaximthat " base is the slave that pays." If so, the resort to the taxpayers of Great Britain was orthodox, and we of the antipodes may be content to look on,and grin. But if queens and princes were wise in their generation they would snufi' democracy in the air in these times, and would sagaciously seek to keep the cost of a Crown and a Eoyal Family as little before the public as possible. Men who have been ten or twenty years away from England, and have watched the progress of events and the development of public senti ment there during that period, note the change in the public feeling as to the divinity that doth hedge a king. Everybody sees and hears everything now-a-day, and the poetry and gla mour of royalty have paled their ineffectual fires before the rising orb of democracy and the familiarity with great people and great principles which is bred of the universal diffu sion of intelligence. But all the halo of the old romance has not gone. With all our matter of fact thought we looked through the Prince at the past glories, saw Plantagenet, Tudor, Stuart, and Guelph lights reflected iii his face, and did our best to look upon him as one who On honey dew lias fed And drunk the milk of Paradise. Yet political as well as theological heresy is rife in these degenerate days. There are poli tical Colensos even in orthodox England, who have learnt to doubt their own rights and graces in face of the questions which the political heathens of democracy have been putting for years to heedless missioners of the divine right gospel. In Fraser the other day a bold scribe wrote a paper " What is a bishop?" and people in England are asking, here and there, " What is a king?" One of the London papers in remarking upon the £3500 vote denounced it, and cited a com panion vote for the travelling expenses of Prince Christian across the Channel to see his father as a similar or even less justifiable charge upon the public purse. These things will bear fruit. Where the virtue of a thing rests so much upon a sentiment, the greatest cau tion is necessary, lest by outraging senti ment the intellect should be provoked to action, and infidel questions of ugly significance be evoked. This affair of the £3500 does not touch us very closely, for our loyalty is of a democratic sort at the antipodes. Our regret may be awakened, but hardly our anger. It is the British taxpayer whom it may touch to ruder issues inimical to the continu ance of a lively faith in the divine right theory even in its mild but expensive British form. No doubt the captain of the Galatea incurred expenses outside the range of a mere naval cap tain in visiting the colonies, for lie was a Prince and came as a Prince. But the home taxpayer may justly urge that if the Priuce had to give away money or money's worth beyond the or dinary disbursing faculty of a captain in the navy, so also is he paid beyond a captain's capacity. In fact, he is subsidised as a Queen's son, and when he gives away en "prince he should not ask to be recouped while he has a large yearly income for the maintenance of his royal rank and expenses. However, as we have said, the matter is less one for us to grumble over than it is for our friends at home to discuss with what unction of reverence they may. 