FIRST1 SUGAR MANUFACTURED FROM BEET ROOT IN NEW SOUTH WALES. Ox Thursday last Mr. J. F. Clements, of Summer Hill, b rought into' town the firsL sample bag of beet-root sugar, manufactured in t.hc colony. The article was .submitted to two respectable storekeepers iu Bathurst, one of whom declared it to be an excellent sugar ; and worth £GG per ton, at which price he was prepared to tako all Mr. Olemenfs could sparo. The other gentleman to whom the sugar was submitted for his inspection and judgment estimated it to be worth £GG per ton, showing Mr. Clements a sample of sugar bought in Sydney at that price. On bringing ihe two samples into a stronger light they woro com pared, aud it was admitted that the colonial was to he preferred. It is a brown sugar, clean and fine grained, and capable, with Ihe rcquisito apparatus, of being refined to a much higher degree. Wo havo been assured that the article would have been superior even to tho sample now shown, but that tho pans in which tho juico was boiled were of iron instead of copper, which has been proved to be lmToh better for tho purpose. Copper pans, however, have now arrived at Summer Hill, and it is expected that a. sugar of still higher value will ho ihe result obtained. From a careful calculation mado it is found that over -1000 tons of sugar are consumed annually in tho Western districts. If this whole quantity were manufactured and disposed of here, it would be the menus of keeping in the district- fro 111 this product alone £L">0,000 yearly, and would furnish constant employment for a considerable number of persons, both young and old. It has also been computed that in anything like au ordinary season, -1-000 acres of land would be sufficient to yield all tho beet required for the production of tho quantity of' sugar wo havo named. Six factories situate in different parts of the district, erected at ut expense of from £8000 to £10,000 each, would bo required for the full purpose, uiul would pave the way for a leading branch of colonial industry wliioh would surprise the natives. It is intended to hold a public meeting' on Thursday next, whon the subject will bo laid bei'oro the meeting, and particulars given which could not lie well explained in a newspaper paragraph. Wo hopo to see somo of our enterprising capitalists and commercial men present to aid the introduction of this new Source of wealth. — Bathurst Free Press. CoMroms rent the Dead. — We are informed hy the /ngletvood Advertiser Flint 011 Sunday a singular ceremony was performed at Wedder- burn iu the Chinese burial ground. According to the statement of a Chinaman who lives somo twenty miles from luglcwood, one night last week ho was visited by the spirit of a country man, who has been (or some time gono to the " tlowory land," and informed that the said spirit felt the effects of the late frost in his damp grave very much, and that he needed several " creature comforts." John imme diately cauio into town, purchased a suit of new clothes, not even omitting a substantial fUumol. Theso he look to the gravo of tho cold ghost, stretched thorn ont nicely on it, and then set them 011 fire. Ho afterwards poured tho contents' of a bottle of Hcnnossy's best 11 bal tlo-iixo " over it, placed some pipo lights and a post at each corner of (ho grave, to each of which was tied a letter addressed to tho "dear departed." When asked why lie did not leave a pipe and opium to be used with the pipe lights John replied vory rever ently, " Got him too nniehy down below " (pointing to the grave), and then quietly made his exit. Tho fact was witnessed by several Europeans, and it is the second similar ocur- reneo within a month. Thexkey Cheek. — Wo aro informed that tho parties who were disputing tho title to Arthur uiul Co.'s rich claims 011 TTunkoy Creel have, through tho kind intervention of a mutual friend, been amalgamated into one company, to he styled tho "Victorian Trunkcy Gold Mining Company," with a capital of £00,000, in GO, 000 shares of£l each. Tho directors are Mr. George King, Mr. Thomas Hale. Mr. E. R. Eminett, Mr. George Tliorno, Mr. JT. G. Chard, Mr. W. Holland, Mr. D. Parker ; and the shares aro equally divided between tho shareholders at Trnnkoy Creek, Melbourne, and Sydney, tho capital being all found by the two' hitter interests. It will ho remembered Unit 12 cwt. of quartz, from Arthur's clip 111, produced 1G7 ozs. of gold ; but, as this was picked stone, it wa3 thought desirablo to crush a ton of the remaining- ten tons, from which tho 12 cwt. was selected. The Mint return gavo this week over G ozs. ; it thorefbre showed "that tho wliolo ten ions will yield over 22 ozs. of gold per to'11 of quartz. — -S' M. Herald, A Luxe. Ripe aeteu a Roiuieu. — 'The Talbra- gar correspondent; of the Western J'usl writes : — On the 17th .June last, the stores of Messrs. J. and l'l. N'evillo, of tho Bothero, were entered, and goods to the valuo of AGO stolen there from. O11 the discovery of the robbery, some day or two nl'Lorwsirds, information was given to senior-constable Latimer, who, in company with constable Love, immediately .started in pursuit of the thief, succeeded in getting upon liis trucks, but. owing to iho rain, unfortunately lost thoiu. Nothing daunted, howovor, thoy still prosecuted a search, iittd, after having travelled upwards of GOO miles, hud the satis faction of apprehending n mull named John Williams, within a mile or two of Tnmworth, wit.li some of the stolen property in his pus- session. The prisoner was brought before their worships 011 Thursday last, whon Mr. Joseph Neville identified a saddle and other articles, the property of himself and brother, stolen from their stores on tho 17th June last; The prisoner reserved liis defence, and was fully committed to tako his trial at the ensuing Mudgee Quarter .Sessions, when other charges will be brought against him. Westeijx Raiiavav Ex tension Leahee. — Tho eotiuniUeo met 011 Wednesday evening when the answer of tho Yass enmmitfee to Iho proposal for amalgamation wits received. As illustrative of (lie soundness of the charge imputing " localism " to our movement, the committee knowing that but one policy can he acceptable or will ever be curried out, tliu Orange committee huvo now instituted mea sures to coalesce with the North to urge u general extension polity on the Government. Other matters occupied tho attention of the committee, which will hear fruit-, we hope, in due season. — Western Examiner. The Earth Cure — "Some time ago," says the Mount Gambicr Standard, "we published an article mentioning several remarkable cures effected by the simple application of dry earth to the diseased part. We have now tho pleiisuro of recording a cure by litis simple means, ol' quite us remarkable 11 character, and much nearer home. Mr. James Frail has informed us that about six years ago he received a kick from a horso below the knee of his right leg. Tho wound was partially healed, hut after a time broke out iignin, and spread until the whole of the lower part of tho leg was allccled. On seeing the article referred to iu tho Standard, Mr. Fruit secured some virgin curth, taken from below tho roots of tho grass, and applied it to the wound, which, ut the time, was us largo us his hand, and caused the leg to he very much swollen. Tito result was that the swelling' was reduced to the girth measurement throe inches upon tho first application. The treatment was continued for throe weeks, at tho end of which time the wound was quite healed. Mr. Pratt assures us that he had previously spent £20 for'medicnl advice, hut. without, any good result; hut since the first application of the earth lie has fell. 110 pain irom the injured leg. although for five yours previously he liuil sull'ered incessantly, and ho believes that the wound is now soundly healed." ExTiiAOltiiiXAtiY A/xtiiext. — The South Aus tralian Advertiser records that a most extra ordinary and unaccountable accident occurred, near Milling, about six o'clock on Saturday evening-, August 2L. A Mr. Douglas, nephew ot Mr. Donald Gollan, ot Slrathulbyn, and a man in tho employ of Mr. Ninnes, of Lang- horno's Creek, were riding near Milling, iu opposite directions, when, from some unex plained cause, the horses came into collision, iiead to head, killing both horses instantly, and pitching the riders face to face, indicting serious injuries 011 hol.li of them. Mr. Nimies's man had liis nose and liiee smashed from the frontal bono downwards, his collarbone and one rib broken, besides sustaining concussion of tho brain. Mr. Douglas's face and nose were also much hurt, and though tho shock was not so heavy as the other rider's, he was partially insensible for a timo, besides receiv ing a severe injury 011 the cap of the loft knee. Mr. Donald Warren, of tho Angus FJaius, came up just after tho accident, and with great exertion managed to put both tho siilferers into his cart and took them to Hcrseltino's Hotel, Milting. Dr. Fcrgusson, ol'Struthalhyn, was scut for, and ut onco attended the suf ferers. On Sunday he again visited them, sunt under his cure they are progressing satis factorily. The doctor does not anticipate any fatal results, although tho blows were very severe. Ho states that he never heard or knew of such an extraordinary accident — the necks of both horses being dislocated. Tho spot has been visited by crowds of people speculating how it could have happened. The 'JTi'titioitxi: Bihoxetcy. — The Melbourne correspondent of the Adelaide. Chronicle says : — The commissioners who have been lately on their travels in New South Wales, collecting evidence on tho groat Tiohborno Baronetcy case, are at present, taking a rest in Melbourne, hut they will shortly proceed to Gipps Land, where lite Australian claimant resided I'or .somi) time, and examine persons with whom I10 was associated lioro. It is said that some of the evidence already collected goes far to disprovo the identity of tho claimant with tho real Sir Roger, but it has not been shown who tho eidevant Tom do Casl r > really was — if ho is an impostor! The parlies acting in the interest of the alleged infant heir endea vour to explain tho fact of the numerous coincidences which huvo transpired in Do Castro's favour, and of the accuracy with which I10 related circumstances connected with tho history of the Into baronet, by asserting that a discharged servant ivTio had been long in tho family came out to Australia, and knowing of tho loss of tho baronet by ship wreck, and seeing the strong rcsemblanco which Do Castro bore to him, put him up to the claim and coached liijn well in tho family history. They aro now about to search for ovidonce of the early life of Do Castro ; hut if they had done this at first, and could luivo shown that he was somebody else, they would luivo saved all tho cost of proving that ho was not .Sir Roger Tichborno. Death or a Ckxtex.uuax. — Ths Jloharl Town Mcre.nr;/ records tho death of Mr. Abraham Fuller, of the Old Beach, at the great age of one hundred and three years and eight months. Wo have been unable to obtain any further particulars of this patriarch than 'the fact of liis ago having boon well ascertained. Though nono litis approached nearly to such an age, the number of deaths among us of people beyond the allotted span of three score years and ten, proves tho truth of the vaunted salubrity of Tasmania. Though during the past winter death lias been playing a sad havoc among very old poople, Tasmania con- tains u larger proportion of people of seventy aud upwards than is to bo found, wo believe, in nuy other country. In our summary ol this month, wo recorded the death of an aged lady, resident at New Town, uged ninety- eight. Since then her comparatively youthful husband lias followed her t:o the grave at tho age of eighty. Roth had been residents ot the colony for upwards of fifty years. Of one hundred unit (il'ty-livc obituary notices in our eolumiis since the beginning of this your iii'ly-two were sixty years old uiul upwards, twenty-throe died between sixty 11 ml seventy, and twenty-nine exceeded seventy ; of these, eight, weru eighty unit upwards. Though death has been busy with tho ngeil, our population still contains a large number ol aired people, many of them in good health. A gentleman iu this ollico lias three female relatives alive in Tasmania, whose united ages amount to two hundred and thirty-six years, the oldest being eighty-four and the youngest seventy- four, und all in the full enjoyment of their faculties and in good health. They have been resident in the colony from forty to (iffy years. A Disaitoixtmf.xt i.v Love. — A wedding- oak o can now be purchased cheaply in Guudagai ; and connected with this cuke there is u suit tale of ' man's love and woman's inconstancy. A bachelor, of humble station hut ati'eetionato disposition, after several dis appointments, secured a promise from a blooming damsel that, she would become his guardian angel, comforter, consoler, wife iu fact. JIo made preparations, furnished liis house, bought the ring, ordered the wed ding-cake, spoke to his pastor, and subsided into a state of expectant bliss. As the happy day approached, however, anxiety and dejec tion overspread the lair visage of the bride- elect, and she resolutely rejected 1 1 10 endear ments ol' her future guardian. '.These symp toms were accompanied by 1111 increasing restlessness, which on the evening before the wedding-day culminated iu the false one Inking the wings of the evening couch and Hoeing into an unknown part of the colony. Tho grief of the deserted upinint to miiLri- inoniul felicity our readers 1:1111 picture to themselves! "The courso of true love," Ac. — Guitdntja ! Ti mc.s. A Heauteess Rhoceeimng. — Wo have re ceived from several correspondents an account of a proceeding which they look upon us a good joke, but which, by all right 'thinking people, will he viewed ns a cowardly action, and deserving of severer treatment than the offender in this ease received. It appears that a limb of the law, who has for some time been a resident of Armidale, had been engaged for a length of time to bo married to (lie daughter of a respectable resident of the Northern city. Tho young lady is said to possess rare personal charms and accomplish ments, and many persons looked upon the mulch as very suitable in every respect. Ac cordingly, ill tho natural course of such events, preparations were made for the wedding-, which was to have taken place on Sat un la v lust. The chiicrh where t Lie interesting ceremony was to luivo been performed was beautifully decorated for the occasion — the ring- bought — the cake made — -the bridesmaids (live in number) and " best man " duly summoned. When all was iu readiness the bridegroom was anxiousiy waited for, but he did not appear, and on going- to his abode, il was ascertained that lie had left for Sydney I >3- the coach at eleven- o'elock 011 Saturday night. We need not uf tempt to record the disappointment and disgust which wus felt by all interested, or the mortification- thus need lessly entailed on the unhappy girl. A brother at once started in pursuit of the ungallant young- scamp who had been (lie cause of so much misery, and overtook him 11 en i the Moonhy, where lie was dealt out u good hiding, but some of tho bystanders interfering he did not get quite as much us lie deserved. He is the son, wo believe, of un innkeeper in Sydney. — Tamworth Examiner. A Diamoxii Yahx. — The J'ndlaral Evening . Wail llms narrates an occurrence which if asserts to have happened in Melbourne in the slimmer of IS Ml : — -"A medical man, of rather wandering and dissipated habits, but of high education und native talent, brought' a huge uncut diamond to a Melbourne jeweller, and ollered it for sale.. After testing il, and asking advice from a Jewish acquaintance who was supposed to have a practical knowledge of gums, u sum of somewhere a',)out £100 was paid lor the rough stone. On quilling the purchaser, the smiling doctor said that ho knew where to get lots more of tliu same sort and he would he hack in a few weeks. And in a few weeks ho was back, with a consider able parcel, and took them to the same person to know what ho would givo. LiLtlc did iho doctor think, though, what a reception ho would get.. Deeming it impossible that all could lie ' lair and above-board,' a policeman was quietly sent for, and unlucky Medicus taken to durance vile as either a thief or 1111 impostor. When brought up bei'oro the court, u grout many witnesses were examined as experts in precious stones; and tho evidence was so evenly balanced as to whether the samples produced were genuine or false, that tho ease was dismissed. Before leaving- the pre.sonco of the bench, the indignant doctor declared i hat he had found the alleged gems on an island oil' the const of Tasmania, where thoy wero in plenty, but that they ni is, lit lie, for he was not going to risk being sent to gaol as tho reward i'or a great discovery. Since then nothing was hoard of him, nor tho stones he had exhibited ; and the subject would havo now escaped recollection but for tho present 'nine ilnys wonder.'" FeatheueiiDiamoxiiIIe'Xtehs. — ThoMolbonrno Dai/;/ Telegraph writes : — A revolution is im pending, it would appear, where it- wus least expected — in our poultry yards. O111- gallin aceous retainers, whom we have hitherto re spected as layers of eggs, and us possible capons, despite the rustic cackling which makes the morn hideous to such respeetalilo members of society as do not keep tho ein-ly hours of tho birds of the air and the beasts of the field, have developed new qualities. In the Ovens district, chickens, pullets, and roosters uro being utilised as diamond hunters. Mrs. Roberts, of tho All Nations Hotel, El Dorado, has tho honour of introducing the new industry. From tho gizzard of one rooster she extracted, lust week, 110 less than twenty white topazes and green sapphires. Wo regret to note, in passing, that tho bird which hud thus enriched its owner was honoured 110 more in death than in life, hut was ungratefully transferred hi the dinner table. Fowls, it is ascertained, share a predilection for diamonds and gems with the Israelites of lloundsdilch, hank clerks 011 starving salaries, princes ofN tho blood, and uul'eatherecl bipeds moro given to pluck than to bo plucked. Tho only difference is that they apply the gems to a grossly utilitarian purpose, that of assisting in the digestion of their (bod. The hardness of the precious stones is delightful to them, nnd makes them prosecute tho search with eager avidity, and with what result we can only imagine. Full many a gem of purest rav serene may at tho present .timo be devoted to grinding corn in a burn door rooster instead of decorating a monarch's diadem. Gray, in fuel, might havo apostrophised a turkey's maw instead of the "dark uneaverned depths of ocean." What wo have lost we know not, but wo presume we shall lose 110 more. Every fowl will be subjeet to a rigorous post mortem. Every poultry keeper will beoonio his own diamond hunter. Geese saved Roino and Erainnh l'ootras or somo other Urob- dignugian species may yet ho tho salvation of Ei Dorado. The Sol- ill Cheek Mehhee. — Tho last tele graphic advices from England by the steam ship Aral! a apprise us that the application to ihe Frivy Council in iho case of Michael Murphy, alias Miles M;Gee, convicted ut tho Central Criminal Court, Sydney, of iho wilful murder, 011 tho 22nd November, ISGo. of Samuel .1 lasson, of Souih Creek, and sentenced to execution on tho IGlh September, 18G7, has been disallowed. It will Lio iu the recollection of our readers that the application was based on the ground that a mistrial had taken place, because tho jurors, who silt several days, had been supplied with copies of the daily papers. 'The full court subsequently granted a rule nisi for ventre tic novo, which wus appealed against by the Attorney-General of ihe day, Sir James .Martin. How to Sjiea 11 Sheep. — Tho Upper Bogan correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch relates : — "An old shearer told me that thirteen years since, he was looking for shearing, aud every shed was fall. At lust lie came to the shed of D. .11. Uiinlop, and as I10 had a recommenda tion in his pocket us a clean shearer (althoiiLrh the shed wus full and one-third uf the sheep were shorn), he was put on. After all wero shorn, the other shearers woro settled with, and he was called in, his money paid him, and £G extra, as his master told him lie laid per formed his work better than any of the rest, and by liis shearing he had gained double the £G. Such instances might often he mention ed, and I know from experience that good workmen are often raised and are placed as overseers; and good shearers are employed lor weeks on stations on purposo to have them shearing. A clean shearer commences hy clipping the wool otT the brisket, then opens the belly, then the nock, goes down one side, turns the sheep und goes down tho other, unit never breaks the fleeeo. Those who slieur thus can generally do about sixty a day with credit to themselves and satisfaction to their employer, and are sure to ho employed whoro they have been before." td i j.iii: AloA. — From tho timo that New /ca lami was first colonised up to about six or seven years ago (observes (lie Wellington Seen iiu/ I'osi ol' the -Hit instant), it was com monly supposed I hat iho 111011 was extinct, tho most careful researches of explorers having failed to find a livo one, nnd the report of iho Muorios concurring that that gigantic bird laid passed away. About the time mentioned, however, a wonderful yarn came from Lake IVukaiip, in Otago, about a party of pro spectors having seen a live 1110a hy their camp lire at night. A reward of ..CoOO was imme diately otl'ered tor its apprehension, but all ell'orts to truce it failed, and the matter gradu ally died- away. Recently, however, another is said to have appeared iu a totally different ' quarter — the Kitahiuo ranges, in the centre of this island, as the following extract from a letter written hy a gentleman iu Eangitikci, to 11 friend in Wellington, asserts : — "T sup pose you have seen the account of the 111011 having been found nlivo in the Ruahino Ranges. .1 believe it to bo true. Tt/yus first seen hy a party of Germans who huvo been prospecting for gold, und subsequently by a person named Sutherland, who, I think, may lie relied on. Ho says ho has seen it several limes, and that it is twenty feet high. I wish I hud it in the Egyptian Hull." Don't you wish you may get it. Such is tho story ; our roaders may believe as much of it us they choose. For ourselves, we must confess that since the failure of Mr. Swainson to cntico the Taniwlia in Olaki Lake to swallow his hooks hailed with sheep, we have, to a great extent, lost faith in the existence of live "mon sters iu New Zealand. Diamoxii Mania ix Beech wokt i r. — Mr. ft. Mil- 1101- Stephen, who is now 011 a visit to lieoch- wort.li, informs us Hint, 011 examination of certain ground near Bueeliworth, lie discovered every indication of ihe probable presence of diamonds. \\\ hat- tile Brazilians term cntonlho abounded, and lie noticed quantities of itaeobimite, or niienno- ouh sandstone, in which diamonds aro usually found embedded in the Brazils. Mr. .Stephen, whose mineralogiinil attainments are well known, does not doubt that diamonds and other precious stones abound over a largo area of tho Ovens district. — Sjio'lotor. The Convent at Ai.iiuht. — Tho completion of the new seliool-room adjoining the Roman Catholic Church and Convent was celebrated on Wednesday evening by a dinner and conversa zione. About laM guests wero entertained at dinner bv tliu Vicar-General, the repast, being prepared in excellent style by the ladies of tho Convent. After dinner .several hours passed very agreeably away with dancing, music, itc., and the guests were, wo believe, highly pleased wii li the eiitertaiiiment which had been provided, (in Thursday the school children wore treated to a least and a holiday. - —Jhnnnr. 