POLITÍCAL. . OUR January files contained the information that the ' Government had tided over the dangers of the Budget by postponing the solution of difficult financial pro- blems to a future period ; that the discussion on the reinstatement of the Collecter of Customs had termi- nated in favour of the Ministry ; and that the ex Premier had been unsuccessful in regard to a motion intended to censure the Government for the arbitrary removal from office of gentlemen who had been legally appointed, and against whom no charge was brought, but whom it was necessary to displace in order to reinstate Mr. Duncan. It was also noticed in our last Summary that the committee appointed to inquire into the existence of a conspiracy for the purpose of treason and assassination had concluded its inquiry, and was about to meet to consider its report. The circumstances arising out of this matter furnish the most prominent political topics of the month. The report and evidence and minutes of the pro- ceedings of the committee, brought up by Mr. Mac- leay on the 3rd instant, extend over 200 pages of foolscap ; the evidence alone occupies 131 pages. Its bulk is owing in a large degree to the style in which the examinations were conducted. Many of the questions are totally irrelevant to the subject of the inquiry, and disclose an animus inconsistent with a careful and impartial collection of evidence with a simple view of arriving at the truth. The committee was composed of ten members. There were three members of the Government now in power (Mr. Robertson, Mr. Samuel and Mr. Forster)'; three members of the pre- ceding Government (Mr. Parkes, Mr. Martin, and Mr. Eagar) and four non-official members, namely, Mr. Macleay (who, being the mover of the resolution was according to the usual practice elected Chairman of the Committee) Mr. J. Stewart, Mr. S. C. Brown, and Mr. Hoskins. The hon. gentleman last named attended the committee several times, but was not present when the report was adopted. Mr. Martin who had not attended any meeting of the Committee, and who had' refused to give evidence before it, was present at the meeting called to agree to a report. The draft report submitted by the chairman is a very elaborate document, containing 32 paragraphs. Various statements made by Mr. Parkes to his constituents are recited, and to these the attention of the committee was directed "with a view to collect all the evidence which could be obtained concerning charges so grave and momentous against the loyalty and character of the country." The committee conducted its inquiry with a view to ascertain the truth or falsehood of the following, which they conceived to be in substance the allegations of Mr. Parkes. 1. Was the intention 'to perpetrate the murder of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh known to the Government pre- vious to the arrival of his Royal Highness in this country ? 2. Were extraordinary precautions taken in consequence of such knowledge? 3. Was the crime of O Farrell the result of any conspiracy or organisation existing in this country, or, as far as the Government had or have any knowledge, the result of a conspiracy or organization existing elsewhere ? And 4, Was any one, in the guilty secret of such conspiracy, and whose fidelity was suspected by his fellow con spirators, murdered before the attempted assassination of his Royal Highness." The chairman's report contained findings in opposition to all these allega- tions, and a number of other statements leading to the inference that Mr. Parkes had not acted in good faith, and that he had made assertions which he knew to be untrue. Mr. J. Stewart also moved a draft report. It alluded to the difficulty of arriving at satisfactory conclusions on a subject, '' which is in ita nature to vague and intangible as that of the secret complicity of individuals in treasonable or seditious designs and proceedings," and which, in relation to the present inquiry, it was " impossible to view at this late period, in the light in which it presented itself to men's minds during the general and unprecedented excitement that followed the attempt to assassinate H. R. H. the Duke of Edinburgh, in March: 1868." The draft report of Mr. Stewart stated that it had not been proved before the committee that any conspiracy for the purpose of treason and assassination had existed in this community ; nor had any evidence been pro- duced to show that it was ever alleged by a former Colonial Secretary that any such conspiracy existed. It affirmed that evidence had been given by officers whose standing and experience entitled their views to much weight, and by other witnesses, that meetings of seditious persons had been held in the colony. It affirmed that several witnesses had expressed a de- liberate opinion that O'Farrell was not alone and unaided in his attempt to murder the Prince, andl that there was evidence to show that there were persons who sympathised with his crime. Upon this point the report states :-" The admission of O'Farrell himself, voluntarily made in the first instance to Mr. Bernard, the chief warder of Darlinghurst Gaol, and to William Chapman, one of the warders in attendance, and afterwards repeated to Mr. Parkes-that he was one of several who had entered into a conspiracy to murder the Duke-have never been rebutted by a single circumstance, apart from the subséquent statement of the criminal a short time before his execution ; and this statement, so far from being cleared from the suspicion that attaches to it from the circumstances surrounding its origin, has been placed in a new and less favourable light by the evidence of the Rev. M J Dwyer before your committee This gentleman, who was then Roman Catholic chaplain of the gaol, has stated that he did not assist in the composition of O'Farrell' s written paper, but he admits that he caused an entire sentence to be expunged from that document. In the ex punged sentence, according to Mr Dwyers own description of it O'Farrell solemnly called upon 'those who might sympathise with him, by their love of God and their hope of salvation, not to think of taking vengeance on his account ' The state of thought and feeling which could find expression in such terms, at such a time, appears to your committee perfectly consistent with a knowledge in the same mind of the exist- ence of criminal sympathisers and associates." In Tegard to extraordinary precaution« Mr Stewart s draft report sta ed that the inquiry justified the con elusion that the measureB adopted by the Government on the occasion of the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh and the attempt to assassinate his Royal Highness were characterised by prudence and cir cumspection, combined with discriminating vigour t>nd that those measures -were successful m preserving the peace, vindicating the character of the country, and giving satisfaction to the public As to the mur dered man, or as it is facetiously called " the ghost, Mr Stewart s report stated 'no proof has been offered that it was ever alleged as a fact by any person that one or more of a band of conspirators had been mur dered Mr Parkes, when questioned on this subject replieB -'I have Btated and now repeat, that I have e\idence, the genuineness of which can be attested by affidavits, which Iea-vea on my mind the conviction that not only was the attempt on the life of the Duke of Edinburgh p anneil, but that some person, who had a knowledge of the intended crimp, and whose fidelity was suspected had been foully murdered It is understord that this witness felt convinced that some accomplice in O Farrell s crime had been mur dered from a consideration of the expressions used by O Tarroll himself in his diary lhe Inspector General of Police appears to entertain the same opinion formed from a consideration of the same expressions lhe words used by O Farrell are - ' lhere was a Judas m the twelve , in our bond there was a No 1 as bad but hiB horrible dea h will, I trust, be a warning to traitors Such another, I am confident, is not among the nine lhe commuée divided on the question as to which of these reoorts they would adopt Messrs Robertson, I orster, Samuel, and Brown were on on ) side, and Messrs Martin, ParkeB, Elgar, and S Stewarton the other lhe chairman voted for hu own report, and it was thus carried On the 16th Mr Macleay moved, in the Legiblative Assembly, a series of resolutions having reference to the report ot the select committee, and affirming that there was no truth m the allegations inquired into by the commit tee OB contamine m substance the Btate ment8 of Jlr Parkes Mr Parkes moved an amendment He denounced the course which had been pursued against him as ono prompted by a desire for vengeance, he defied thosi who would carry such a report, and said he would be content with nothing short of expunging it from the, records On the following Bitting, the Legisla Uve Assembly at five minutes to i in the morning, by a majority ot 32 to 22, re- jected the resolutions of Mr Macleay The resolutions of Mr ParkeB, moved by -way of amendment, were agreed to on a division of 32 to 22 lhe announcement of the result waB received with much cheering and some counter cheering during which Mr Piddington rose and said " Mr Speaker, considering the nature of the debate an 1 the decision just arrived at, I beg to propose three cheeis for her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen The cheering was taken up with great enthusiasm by the maionty, but some of the minority retained their seats lhe visitors in the gallery rose and waved their hats, and joined in the cheering Outside they collected in a crowd and on the appearance of Mr Parkes gave him three hearty cheers The House by its decision pronounced that Mr Macleay s report contained numerous " statements and inferences not warranted by the evidence, and was made an instru ment of personal hostility against a member of this House, in disregard of the authorised objects of the inquiry, and manifestly for party purposes, and tim important results of the inquiry set for h in preced mg resolutions and also other matters of serious moment which ought to have been faithfully repre serited to this House, had been either s^t asid altogether or improperly and prejudicially de.de with and it expressed in direct terms its disapprobatio i of the said report, and directed that it be expunged from the proceedings of the select committee Tour hon members who were opposed to Mr Macleay s resolutions left the House about midnight (two of them suffering from indisposition), and were not pre sent, therefore, at the division three others, wh i weie absent in the country, wrote to say they were 11 fat our of Mr Parkes s resolutions, so that, if the* gentlemen had been present, there would have beei opposed to the resolutions of Mr Macleay-39 m » House of 70 evelusive of the Speaker-one seat bein., vacant Although the leading members of th Government voted m committee for this repor', whit^ has been condemned by the House it has not b°e i regarded as a matter m any way affecting the stabilité of the Go-v eminent This division does not seem t have set the matter finally at rest, and there are som i who do not think it m bad taste to continual! \ bring forward a subject, the further discussion ot which can lead to no good result, and tend only ti stimulate political and sectarian animosities On Wednesday evening the Government brought; down a message, asking tor £2000 to provide for the accommodation of his Rojal Highness the Duke of Ldmburgh during his visit tojthis colony It was not intended to make any display or costly ceremony oii the arrival of the Duke, but to have regard to a des patch received from the Secretary ef State for tho Colonies, which discountemnced any expensa of the kind Under the=o circumstances, it was^ thought that the Parliament ought not to havn been appealed to There was considerable discussio i as to i\ hether any Bum should be granted, an I if so what would be sufficient Ultimately a vote ot £1050 was agreed to It was stated incidentally bv the hon the Premier, that the expenditure incurre I by the late Government on account of the reception of his Royal Highness m 1808 amuunted to about £30,000 A bill uas been introduced by Mr Wilson to limit m certain districts the number of licensed public houseB, and to amend m other respects the Publicans* Act The licensed victuallers have adopted a peu tion in opposition to the measure, setting forth that its provisions are arbitrary, unjuBt and impolitic It is not likely that this bill will become law but the subject is ane which will force itself upon publie, attention with increasing pressure Considerable progress has been made with the Estimates A temporary Appropriation Act was passed, so that the salaries of the Civil servants Bn 1 other liabilities for the month of January might be legillv paid The amount authorised was £12t,000, or one twelfth of the sum voted towards the services of last jew A message has just been brought down to make similar provision for the month of Tebmary Some hon members desire to precipitate a di solution Mr Walter Church has been elected member far the Western Gold fields in the place of Mr George Ihornton, resigned lhere were two other candidates -namely Mr W R, Templeton who retired on the day of nomination, and Mr Blakefield, who was defeated On the 3rd February the Legislative Council ad lourned aa a mark of respect to the memory of the late Hin James Mitchell, E q , a native of Fifeahire, and an old and highly reBpec td colonist, who died on the 1st February Most of the business transacted in the Houses of LegislUuro during the month has been of a local chaiacter such at moti ns begDing for public money m recount on of alleged terv ce» for the. abolition o tolls, for the dredging of rivers the opening of qua lies, and the recovery orsmall debts It is said that an attack will shor lybe mide on the Government bv way of censure for having f,iven up certain evidence obtained by a Commtssi ni ap pointed under the p cvious administration and which wah obtained onlj under pledge of secret) 