THE ENGLISH CAPTIVES AND WAR IN ABYSSINIA. On Friday evening, -October 29. Dr. Tucker, well known as the representative of the Bible Society, delivered a lecture on the above subject in White's Rooms, the proceeds of which are to be devoted to the funds of that Society. There was a large attendance of ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Alexander Hay, M.P., occupied the chair, and by way of introduction briefly alluded to the interest which had been excited in Abyssinia through the events of the last few years. Dr. Tucker said about 100 years ago, in the year 17t>9, an enterprising traveller passed through Abyssinia, and afterwards published a book containing a graphic description of the country and people, entitled "Travels in Search of the Source of the Nile, by James Bruce"— a book that had passed through more editions than any other book of_ modem travel. Previously to this, perhaps, no country was so little known or so fabulously described, .During the middle ages it was known as the land of "Prester John," where the marvels of Nature, like the mines of gold, were exhaustless. and it was said the men had tails and the women two heads, and the children played wi h diamonds. Ludolplius, who wiote a history of this country about the middle ot the 17th century, had mingled a good deal of fable with truth in his narrative, lie gave a map, in wbich the position of several districts and towns were given accurately; but on the same sheet he gave a drawing of a flying monster, and in another place four monkeys, who were represented as making a stand against two ferocious lions by simply throwing sand in their faces; and he also said that the celebrated unicorn, so continuously sought for in all corners of the world, was to be found there, tverybody was familiar with "Rasselas, the Prince of Abyssinia"—a beautiful fiction by Dr. Samuel Johnson, founded on certain Portuguese chronicles that were chiefly imaginary. At the present time, however, they were abundantly supplied with information of Abyssinia, lor 207 successive books had been issued troin the Press. One of the most interesting and popular was a volume published by the Illustrated London News Company, in which the narrative had been derived from authentic sources, and the pictorial illustrations from sketches of artists who accompanied the army. The story of the captivity in Abyssinia had been so fully told in the newspapers and so generally read that he thought it must be familiar to all; but the origin of the war and captivity were not so generally known, and it might be worth while reviewing the facts connected with them. '1 he captives (who were represented by a bold water-colour sketch) consisted of the Rev. Mr. Sterne, Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Kosenthal, missionaries of the Church of England; Consul Cameron, Dr. H. Blane, Pietro, an Italian; Consul Rassam, Lieutenant Dridieux. and Kearn, an Irishman, who had been Private Secretary to Captain Speedy. The lectuier having pointed out the geographical position and boundaries of the country gave an interesting description of its character, remarking that a tract of country forming the seaboard belonged to Turkey, while Abyssinia proper, 400 miles in length aud 200 in breadth, was a mountainous district, broken up by deep caverns with mountain peaks 14.1)00 and 15,000 feet high, covered continually with snow and ice, some of the banks of the rivers going down precipitously more than 2,(00 feet. The population were generally of the Caucasian race, of a fine frame, an olive colour, and some intellectual power when cultivated. There were am-ngthem negroes who bad been introduced in a state of captivity, and who were quite distinct from the real Abyssiuians orGheez. Almost all the chief families claimed a Jewish descent. The chief language was (lie Gheez or Ethiopian, which was mixed with Hebrew aud Arabic words; but this was now a dead tongue. The living language, of which there were four dialects- the Ambaric, hgre, Shoa, and Yejoos—was derived from it, and anyb dy who was lamiliar with one would be understoo.l pretty well in any part of the country. Dr. Hecke collected some 13 vocabularies. The tountry was divided into a good many principalities, the principal of which were Tigre and Amhara. These two, although of one nation aud under the same Government, were always in a state of hostility one with the other, sometimes the chier of one and sometimes the chief of the other being supeiior, and then all the other sta es paid tribute to him. There was another race of people—the Falashas—a class of JewB, who were the artisans of the country, not the merchants and bankers as in other countries; and, according to Bishop Gobat, who visited them in 163i, expected the Messiah "in the character of a great conqueror called Theodorus, who must soon appear;" but the poor Falashas did not know " whether he would be a Christian or a Jew." The Falashas were the only artificers in the country, and made what rude implements were used iu agriculture. The dress of the Abyssinians was very peculiar, hats and bonnets being dispensed with, and the long black hair done up in locks and kept wet with butter. It had been said by Brucie that when driving cattle they would cut slices out of the living animals; but though other travellers suppoited Bruce to some extent, it was pretty certaiu that the practice w. s only rare. The religion of the people was Christian, but it was of a very peculiar kind. There was a tradition prevalent that Christianity was introduced by the eunuch of Queen Candace, or by St. Matthew and St. Bartholomew. It appeared clear that the Christian Church in Abyssinia was founded in the time of Constantine, for Frunientius was consecrated Bishop of Ethiopia when Athanasius was the Patriarch of Alexandria. From that time to the present they had received their Abuna or Bishop from the See of Alexandria. When the Greek merchant Cosmas visited Abyssinia, A.D. 526, it was comparatively a Christian country, and well provided with monasteries and churches. The King of Abyssinia. Zarah Jacob, in 1445 sent an Ambassador to the Council of Florence, when nothing was then known in Europe of the country. Neither the Portuguese mili'ary adventurers who visited the country in the fifteenth and sixteenth century, nor the Jesuits of a later date, could induce the Abyssinians to acknowledge the supremacy of the Pope of Home. They had always received their Abuna or Bishop from the Patriarch of Alexandria. With the Christian religion the Abyssinians received the Holy Scriptures, which they now possess in the Amharic and Ethiopic versions. Bruce brought with him from the country a complete copy of the Kthiopic Scriptures, and also a set of Abyssinian Chronicles. The religion was a remarkable mingling of Christianity and Judaism. The children were circumcised «hen eight days old; but they were bapt:gt:d when they were forty days old. They would not allow a Bishop to marry, but they insisted upon the priests being married. In their g laces of worship they had not only a chancel, ut a place called the Holy of Holies, where the priests made the wine for the communion service by pouring water on raisins, and the bread by mixing flour and water, and then placed it on the mouth of each communicant. They attached a good deal of importance to the absolution of the priests, but did not ask any blessing upon their marriages, which were only a kind of civil contrac s of a very loose kind. The lecturer having traced the early career of young Kassi and his education, stated that, having become first, chief of Tigre, aud afterwards conquered Amhara, he was crowned under the name of Theodorus, King of Aby^inia, in 1855-6, and seemed to have been bent upon endeavouring, as far as possible, to put down the preyailipg immorality, and do all he could tor the elevation of £he country. He was very friendly with the English people, and with the two gentlemen who weie then at his Court, Mr. Bell and Consul Plowden, who had been sent; for the purpose of negotiating for the suppression of the slave trade, and to induce the sending of an Ambassador from Tiare to lingland. Soon after this the Gallas, a wild savage race from the South, in a state of insubordina'ion, murdered Mr. Plowden as he was passing along the country, and Mr. Bell was killed in the same way, after shooting down a Galla, who was about to stab King Theodore, in punishment for which he had about fifteen hundred of the Gallas tortured and put to death. Consul Plowden was replaced by Consul Cameron, to whom the King entrusted a letter to Queen Victoria, and it was to the not answering of this letter, and the designs of the two men—Samuel, a Jew, and Bardel, a Frenchman— who had represented to Theodore that the English Government were unfriendly to bim, that the lecturer attributed the altered tone and action of King Theodore- He showed how, by an unfortunate circumstance, a present ip the shape ot' a handsome turkey carpet bore a design, which, to Theodore's mind, betokened the destruction of his kingdom, and how all efforts weie fruitless to appease the anger and indignation which the Ethiopian Sovereign felt at receiving no reply to his letter, resulting in his imprisonment and torture of Mr. Cameron and the other captives, and the demand from the British Government for their release, which, being not complied with, led to the war. Dr. Tucker expressed his belief that King Theodore, until driven to dissipation by the disappointment of his ambition, was intent upon the welfare and elevation of his people. The letter had been allowed to remain in the Foreign Office without reply, and the consequence was Theodore felt his ambition humbled, and, giving himself to habits of intoxication, became the cruel tyrant of whom they had read, with perhaps the greatest indignation. But he believed Theodore was not properly treated, and that if his letter had been answered be would not have come to the lamentable en d be did. The Reverend Doctor gave a short but graphic description of the successful campaign which ended in the destruction of Magdala and the liberation of the captives having alluded also to the steps which had been taken for the spiritual benefit of the Abyssinians in the measures organized by the Bible Society and the Society for the Conversion of the Jews, to the former of which, Mr. Hopkins, of Tasmania, well known in conpectipn with religious efforts in the colonies, was an early and liberal contributor. What might be the future of ( Abyssinia they did not know, but he trusted they might yet see in a true and spiritual manner Ethiopia stretch out her hands unto God. The letter to th^ Queen, which the lecturer-observed had been very erroneously reported as being an insult to her in the Bhape of proposal of marriage, ran thus:— " November 1, 1862. " In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost—one God in Trinity, chosen of God, King of Kings—Theodorus, of Ethiopia, to Her Majesty Victoria, Queen of England.—I hope your Majes y is in good health. By the power of God I am well. My fathers, the Emperors, having forgotten our Creator, they handed over the kingdom to the Gallas and Turks. But God created me—lifted me out of the dust, and restored this empire to my- rule. He endowed me with power, and enabled me to stand io the place of my fathers. By His power I drove away the Gallas. But for the Turks, I have told them to leave the land of my ancestors/" They refuse. I am now going to wrestle with them. Mr; Plowden, and my late Grand.Chamberlaiu.- the ^Englishman. Bell, used .to tell me that there is ajrreat Christian Queen, who loves all Christians. 'When they told uie tbis, ' we ire able to make you known to her, and to establish- friendship between you," then mthose times I was very glad, l have given them my love,- thinking that I had found your Majesty's goodwill. Alt men are subject to deatb, and my enemies; thinking to injure me, killed these my friends; but by the power of God lhave exterminated those enemies, not leaving one alive, though they were of -my own family, that I may get by the power of God. your friendship. I was prevented by the Turks occupying the sea-coast from sending you an embassy when I was in difficulty. Consul Cameron arrived with, a letter and presents Of friendship by the power of God. I was very glad hearing of your welfare, and be ng assured of your amity. I have received your presents, and thank you much. I fear if I send ambassadors with presents of amity by Consul Cameron th<-y may be arrested by the Turks, and uow 1 wish that you may arrange for the safe pa-sage of my ambassadors eveiy where on the roads. I wish to have answer to this letter by Consul Cameron, and that he may conduct my embassy _ to" England, See how the Islam oppress the Christians!" ™ " The Rev. Canon FABB proposed, and the Rev. JAMES LTALL seconded, a vote of thanks to Dr. Tucker for his interesting lecture, and to the Chairman for presiding, which was carried with acclamation. Dr. TOCKEB expressed his thanks, and said it had given him pleasure to meet those whom he had addressed, and afford them what information was within his power on a subject in which he felt a great interest, because the Rev. Mr. Sterne and the Rev. Mr. Rosenthal were bis personal friends, as well as Captain Speedy, whom he had met in New Zealand, and gained considerable knowledge from. The CHAIKMAN having also acknowledged the compliment, the proceedings closed. The lecture was illustrated by 6ome excellent and effective views in water-colour, by Mr. T. S. Gill, late of Adelaide, showing Annesley Bay, Magdala, and other places of interest. 