RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. First Day: Tuesday, April 27, 1869. The fifteenth annual meeting of the Diocesan Synod was commenced this morning by a devo tional service in Trinity Church. There was a rood attendance of clergymen and synodsmen to whom the Holy Communion was administered by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by the Ven. Archdeacons Marryat and Twopeny and the Rev. R. Reid. Subsequently the Bishop read the following pastoral address:— "Rev. and dear Brethren—According to my custom in past years, I shall confine my ad dress to you in this place to subjects which touch upon the spiritual well- being of our Church, and on its relations to those Protes tant communions which, though substantially one with us in a scriptural faith, stand aloof from our ecclesiastical polity, and do not conform to our Liturgy and its offices. Among those subjects Ritualism at this time occupies a most prominent place, although it is difficult precisely to define what is meant by that comprehensive term. It is impossible, however, to be ignorant of the indignant alarm which innovations in Church vestments and ceremonial acts—and much more in certain teachings concerning the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper—have aroused at home, and which, like a tidal wave, has burst upon every shore on which the Church of England has planted it self! Justly, indeed, may religious-minded lay men, or ministers who decote themselves to the care of souls, be 'very jealous' for the purity of the Reformed doctrine and worship of our beloved Church. Such zeal can cause no surprise, as it ought to give no offence. It bears witness to that intense dislike of Papal domination and Roman doctrine which still after three centuries animates the great body of Protestants in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. It may be, too, that the secret enemies of all revsaled religion, combining with the prejudices of the ignorant and the ill-will of sectarians, have swelled the cry, so that other motives than pure love of Gospel truth and Church order have minded themselves with the movement. The revival indeed of ceremonial acts long fallen into desuetude, and of doctrine intimately con nected with the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, indicates an epoch in the Church, when freedom of thought is conflicting with hereditary beliefs; and men are forced once more to examine the prin- ciples upon which their religious worship is based; to prove even 'old things,' and hold fast that which is good. It would be impossible, however, to account for the rise of what is called Ritualism without retracing the history of the English Refor mation and the Established Church. The Refor mation was carried on not against but with the sanction and aid of the Crown and Parliament. It was gradual, because effected by law and in order. Doctrine and worship oscillated during the four reigns of Henry, Edward, Mary, ami Elizibeth. At length, deposed by the Pope and assailed by the combined Papal Powers of Europe, Elizabeth, with her statesmen and theologians, blended in one National Church the great mass of the English people. Extreme opinions, whether Popish or ultra-Protestant, were alone excluded from its pale. It was Protestant in rejecting the additions to the Apostolic Creed and primitive order of the Catholic Church. It was Catholic, because no longer Roman, in its reformed Liturgy and simplified ceremonial, as well as the orna ments ot the churches and the ministers while officiating. Hence from the first there has been considerable liberty, and more or less of diver sity in doctrinal and ritual views among the members of the English Church. Moreover, enlarged intercourse with continental nations during the last thirty years, the study of foreign literature, and familiarity also with much that is of good report in religious Continental life have broken down the barriers which pent up the current of English thought in its old ecclesiastical channels. The free criticism of Germany neces sitated a deeper and more accurate study of Chris tian antiquities and the languages of Scripture; and while the political relations of the Establish ment have been shaken to their foundations, English Churchmen have learnt to lean more on the divine origin and authority of the Church itself. In this state of things the value of the Prayer-Book, as having preserved to us both scriptural truth and apostolic order, has come more under notice, and men wondered how its services could have ever been neglected and its offices disparaged. Many con scientious clergymen, therefore, who had promised at fieir ordination to use them, resolved to act up to their vows. At the same time, the true prin ciple of the Anglican Reformation became more and more apparent. By removing the mediaval errors of the Roman Creed and Ritual, our Reformers intended to return to the Catholic faith once delivered to the saints, and the liturgy of the Apostolic Churches. It was not unnatural, then that men, animated by these views, should be at paint to remove all that was mean and slovenly in the house and service of God. With the restora tion of daily prayers, the keeping the festival commemorative of our Lord's ministry and His Apostles, with more frequent celebrations of Holy Communion, the adornment as well as repair of churches necessarily took place. Hence, too, sprang the demand for an improved hymnology and of better choral music. At the same time also, more systematic efforts to educate the poor, visit the sick, provide for the orphan, and recover the fallen were set on foot. Organization, accord ingly, was required. New-born zeal is not always wise. Then followed the adoption of forms, rules, and manuals of devotion borrowed from Romish sources, and not always free from Romish error. But it was not until the open adoption of corre sponding rites and vestments that the great body of Churchmen became aware of the Romanising ten dencies of a small but active party in the Church. "In my address last year I was at pains to show how the whole movement sprung from and cen tered in a particular view of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. But in eliminating what is false from that noly mystery, reverence for scriptural and revealed truth necessitated then as now the utmost caution in the use of terms, lest, while pro testing against human error added to that divine institution, we should take away somewhat of the grace and blessing which it is intended to convey. ''Our Church on the one hand calls it 'a dange rous deceit' to say 'that the Priest in the sacrifice of the Mass offers Christ for the quick and the dead to have remission of pain and guilt.' On the other, she teaches that 'the Lord's Supper was or dained for the continual remembrance of the sacrifice of the death of Christ,' holding that 'the offering of Christ once made was a perfect pro pitiation for all the sins of the whole world.' As jften, therefore, as we break the bread and drink the cup of the Lord's Supper we call to remem brance, we plead the death of Christ, we present His sacrifice before the throne of grace through Him the only mediator. We place on the holy table, and minister to the faithful, the me morials of that sacrifice, the consecrated signs: of Christ's body broken on the cross, and His blood poured out. "But though a sign and the thing signi fied by it are not the same, yet by a common figure of speech in Scripture they are frequently called by the same name. Thus, in the 82nd Psalm, 'I have said ye are Gods.' 'He called them Gods to whom the Word of God came;' the recipients of the word, God dwelling in them as temples of His Spirit, yet surely they were not essentially Gods. But when practical error and dangerous supersti tion are founded upon the literal interpretation of such a figure of speech, it behoves us to avoid the snare and take heed lest we substitute for the true and divine sacrifice of our Lord its shadow and memorial—set up an altar made with hands in place of the Real Altar of the Cross, invest with the office of the Great High Priest men having infirmity, and presume to offer a daily sacrifice for sins, instead of calling to remembrance—daily if you will—by the sacrament of Christ's body and blood—the one sufficient sacrifice and propitia tion ior it made at Calvary. The teaching, how ever, of our Church has lately been protected from such misconception by legal interpretations of the Rubrics of the Communion Office; and there is little reason therefore to doubt that the dress of the clergy officiating at the Lord's table will, if need be, in like manner be regulated in harmony with the doctrine of the Articles. And here I venture to give my opinion that, by the judgment of the Privy Council in the case of Martin v. Mackonochie the posture only of the ministering priest—'standing, not kneeling'—was decided; its words, 'standing as before,' meaning standing as he did before, not where he was before. With regard to the position of the mini ster, I am of opinion that the general Rubric at the commencement, of the Communion Office fixes the normal position of the priest on the north side of the table. There when he rehearses God's commandments to the people, he turns to them. When he offers the Collect Prayer for the Queen, he does so standing as before—that is, standing on the 'north side of the table,' and, facing towards it, looking south. At the same place he is to inake the general con fession, 'he and all the people kneeling.' He then 'stands up, and turning to the people,' pronounces the absolution. Then kneeling down at the Lord's table'—(that is, in the same place as before ')— he says the Prayer of Access. Next, 'standing before the table,' he is to 'order the bread and wine,' 'that with the more readiness and decency he may break the bread before the people, and take the cup into his hands.' I have already stated in the case of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, my decision that the words 'before the people' are directly opposed to the word 'secrete ' of the Roman Canon of the Mass. It only remains to determine where than is; in what position with reference to the table he is to say the Prayer of Consecration. Grammatically and literally this standing before the table is limited to the purpose of ordering the bread and cup, that he may break the one and take the other into his hands. The participle 'standing' does not refer to the principal verb in the sentence 'he shall say,' but to the verbs 'order' 'break,' and 'take' in the subordinate sentence. Where, then, is he to say the Prayer of Consecration? I think at the normal place, viz , the north side of the table, where the priest is directed to stand and to kneel, to turn 'to the table' and 'to the people,' as required, whether by the act of offering prayer or addressing the people in God's name, that is when rehearsing the Ten Commandments or pronouncing absolution. All is thus consistent. The people see and hear what is said and done, and join, therefore, with the priest in the sacrifice of thanksgiving. It will not be out of place to remark that the Angel Gabriel appeared to Zacharias on the right side of the altar of incense. That altar was a table one cubit square. The gate of the temple faced the east; the Holy of Holies stood on the west. The right side of the altar-table probably determined the position of the minister who reads the Gospel. When delivering God's messages he turns to the people; when offering the incense of prayer he kneels and turns towards the table. I, of course, am in duty bound to guard the doc trine, and enforce the lawful ritual of the Church committed to my care, and trust that in so doing I may neither violate the great grace of charity, nor yet be uufaithful to the truth of God's Word. I have pointed out above the fruitful source of error in this matter. By insisting on a literal interpre tation of certain expressions in Scripture the sign and thing signified are confounded. If 'this is My body,' proves the outward 'bread' to be the 'body' signified, thus changed into it, or combined with it, or inseparably asso ciated with it, then is the 'bread' itself also proved to be the 'communion,' of which it is the sign—'the bread which we break is it not the communion of the body of Christ?' Then, also, the 'cup' is the 'New Testament' in the blood.' Then, too, as all our members make up one body, 'so also is Christ—'that is, He would be literally and substantially one with the members of this body, the Church, of which at the same time He is the Head. I need not, and I shrink from pursuing all the consequences which result from taking the 'literal' instead of the figurative or metonymic sense; but there are two following from the doctrine of transub stantiation, which, as blasphemous and in conceivably profane, it is my painful duty to notice. I quote them from the letter to Archbishop Manning by the Rev. E, F. Foukes, who left the Anglican Communion for that of Rome some fourteen years ago, and now has stepped forward to defend the orders and sacraments of the English Church. Speaking of the low views which prevailed among Anglican Clergymen concerning them shortly before his own day, he writes 'that their low views were pre cipitated by the audacity that centuries ago was not afraid to say of the Eucharist 'the priest creates God,' and in penance that God remits sin, but the Pope both the sin and punishment,' and the like. "But taking our views of the blessed Eucharist into account, is there, or has there been any tale of irreverence towards it among Anglicans comparable for horrors with the history of poisoned chalices and poisoned Hosts amongst ourselves formerly, the extent of which is made patent to this day by the special precautions taken whenever the Pope celebrates Mass most solemnly'' that no such harm may befall him. The Bishop Sacristan eats, with face towards the Pope, two out of three wafers prepared for consecration, and drinks also of the wine and water prepared for the cup. "Such perversion of the life-giving sacrament to destroy life as had to be specially guarded against in this way whenever the Vicar of Christ pontificated is absolutely without parallel in the annals of the Anglican Church since the Reformation. So that, notwithstanding our high views of it, the worst known profanations of it have been amongst ourselves." "But though our Church in her Articles con cerning the Sacraments presumes not to teach Christ as in the bread, or 'impanate' and the Holy Spirit at baptism as in the water, or 'inaquate' (I use the words of Cranmer), neither does she represent them as 'bare' and ineffectuous signs. The very institution of them, and the solemn form given by our Lord Himself in which they are to be minis tered, forbid that view. They are means whereby the faithful receive the inward and spiritual grace given them, by our Lord Himself. The 28th Article accordingly says that the body of Christ is 'given, taken, and eaten in the Supper only after a heavenly and spiritual manner,' and the mean whereby the body of Christ is received and eaten in the Supper is faith. Moreover, to show that the body is not enclosed in, or combined with, or attached to the bread or wine (not, as Calvin says, cum pane, in pane, or sub pane), the 29th Article says of those 'that be void of a lively faith, that they 'eat not the body of Christ in their use of the Lord's Supper,' but only 'press with their teeth the sign or sacrament of so great a thing.' The minister or priest who places the elements on the altar-table—a table, like that of incense, typical of prayer in the Jewish Temple—changes not the bread and wine in their natural substance by the prayer of consecration. He only separates them from common bread and wine to a sacra mental use and purpose. I will now quote, a brief passage from the Swiss Reformer Calvin in illus tration of our Articles, who, differing both from Luther and Zwingle as well as the Roman doctrine, thus speaks of the Lord's Supper in the fourth book (c. 17, sec. 19) of his 'Institutio,' &c.;:—'We ought,' he says, 'to assert (statuere) such a presence of Christ in the Supper which neither rises Him to the element of bread, nor encloses Him therein, nor circumscribes Him thereby (all which conditions derogate from His heavenly glory), nor in any way take from His "fulness," nor tear Him piecemeal so as at the same moment to be in different places, nor assign to Him in the Supper that infinity which pervades heaven aud earth.' 'Setting aside these absurdities, I would, nevertheless, readily accept whatever conduces to express the true and substantial communion of the body and blood of our Lord, which is offered to the faithful beneath the sacred signs of the Supper, and in such a manner, too, that they re ceive it not in imagination only, or by mental con sciousness, but so that they are understood to have the fruition of that communion really (re-ipsa) as the aliment of eternal life.' 'Certainly this which we teach agrees best with the Scriptures in every particular, contains nothing absurd, obscure, or ambiguous, is not alien to true piety and solid edification; and lastly, con tains nothing which should give offence.' This eminent foreign Reformer appears exactly to coin cide with the Anglican view, and shows that when we speak of the real presence of Christ at the Sacrament of His Supper it is to be understood net of a material but a spiritual presence. "Again 1 quote Calvin from Augustin—'Christ, though in Heaven, is present with us in the Supper by His divine majesty. His providence, His ineffable and invisible grace. He comes down to us both by the outward sign and by His Spirit.' I have entered more fully into these particulars respecting the doctrine of the Church of England because of the great confusion of thought and mis understanding of terms prevalent concerning it. Our Articles neither reduce the ordinance to a mere memorial form, nor admit a bodily presence or atoning sacrifice therein. Rather we 'keep a feast' upon the sacrifice once offered: for 'the strengthening and refreshing of our souls by the spiritual body and blood of Christ' and 'feeding on Him by faith with thanksgiving.' Such being, to the best of my judgment, the teaching set forth in the Articles ind Prayer-Book, I am clearly of opinion that all ceremonial acts, ornaments of the church, or Minister at the time of celebration, designed to teach or imply a different doctrine, are illegal, unfaithful, and disloyal to our Church. May the Holy Spirit keep us from such error, which is the certain source of division, and weakness and falling away. I have left myself neither time nor room for other subjects. Indeed, the absorbing interest of the doctrine which underlies the ultra-Ritualism of the day throws into shade for a time all other eccle siastical topics. I shall have another opportunity of laying before you the state of our ecclesiastical affairs, and will conclude by simply saying that there is spreading wider and wider a desire for the ordinances of our Church, and that the rite of con firmation has been more numerously and not less devoutly attended than ever during the past year, rhe life of faith in an unseen but living Saviour, to which our young people have thus given themselves, let me commend to you. My brethren—(I use the words of our revered Metropolitan)—let us pray that we—the clergy—may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour by a holy and continual fol lowing of our blessed Lord's example: and that you—chosen representatives of the laity—may show that you are not only attached members of our Church, but members of the spiritual Church, which is Christ's body, by a living union with Him who is its Head.' The Synod then adjourned to the Church Office for the transaction of business. AFTERNOON MEETING. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the members of the Synod met at the Church Office, Leigh-street. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide presided. After the usual initiatory prayer, His Lordship announced that in accordance with a resolution passed at the last meeting of Synod, he had nominated the Rev. T. Field as Hon. Clerical Secretary, and Mr. C. B. Young as Hon. Lay Secretary, to assist the Secretary of Synod in receiving notices of motion and arranging the business. ATTENDANCE ROLL. The roll of members was called over by the Secretary, when the following were found to be present:— Holy Trinity. Adelaide—Rev. W. W. Ewbank. Dr. Gosse, Messrs. S. Toms and W. A. Cawthorne. Christchurch, North Adelaide—Ven. Archdeacon Marryat Messrs. W. W. Blyth, James Bath, J. S. Bellhouse, and R. E. Minchin. St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. Jas. Pollitt, Messrs. W. T. Cooper and J. H. Sherring. St. Paul's, Adelaide—Revs. G. Dove and H. Howitt, Messrs. N. Blyth, M.P., H. H. Thomas, J. Thomley, and W. J. Fullarton. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide—Rev. S. Green, Mr. J. Formby (Mr. Hart being out of the colony). St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Messrs. Alfred Spence, J. Pritchard, Henry Pope, and T. H. Viney. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Bev. D. J. H. Ibbetson and Mr. A. Birrell. All Saints, Hindmarsh—Rev. H. M. Pollitt and Dr. Forster. St. Andrew's, Walkerville—Rev. G. Dove, Messrs. C. B. Young, and J. Acraman. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. K Jenkins and Mr. J. Howell. St. George's. Woodforde—Rev. T. R. Neville. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. H. Read, Messrs. L. W. Thrupp and C. H. T. Connor. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Mudie and Mr. J. H. Wiles. St. Mary's, South-road—Rev. A. Honner and Mr. F. R. Burton. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. A. Honner and Mr. F. Wicksteed. St Peter's, Glenelg—Rev. Thos. Field, Messrs. J. Souttar and R. B. Colley. St Philip's and St. James's, Noarlunga—Rev. E. K. Miller and Mr. R. D. Bosworth. St Stephen's, Willunga—Rev. E. K. Miller and Dr. Jay. St James's, Blakiston—Rev. E. Browne and Mr. B. Gray. Christchurch, Mount Barker—Rev. E. Browne. St Thomas's, Balhannah—Rev. E. Browne. St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs and Mr. T. O. Jones. Christchurch, Kapunda—(Rev. T. J. Smyth, out of the colony), Messrs. James Huggins and J. Dixon. St. Mary's, Kooringa—Mr. J. Winnall. St. Margaret's. Woodville—Rev. H. M. Pollitt and Mr. G. E. DeMole. St. Jude's, Port Elliot. St. John's, Mount Pleasant—Rev. W. A. Clay field and Mr. J. Bennett, sen. St. Peter's, Robe—Dr. Duncan and Mr. W. S. Douglas. Christchurch, Gambierton—Hon. H. K. Hughes and Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln. St. John's, Salisbury—Rev. W. Scott. St. Mary's, Wallaroo. Christchurch, Yankalilla—Rev. C. W. Morse. Holy Trinity, Riverton— Ven. Archdeacon Two peny. St. Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Farr. Missionary Chaplain, Rev. R. B. Webb. STATE OF THE DIOCESE. His Lordship, in bringing forward his report, remarked that the returns had not been sent in which would enable him to submit the statistical affairs of the Diocese. The report is as follows:— "Change of Cures.—On reviewing the events of the past year I cannot but advert in the first place to the absence from this room of some well-known faces, which on these occasions were wont to greet the eyes of the assembled Synod. I mean, of course, those of the Dean, the late Archdeacon Woodcock, and Canon Russell. Death has removed from us the late Archdeacon, whose zeal and energy before his health became impaired contributed greatly to the development of this Church as well as of the Collegiate School. His departure reminds me also of the removal of the late P. K. Simmons, whose gradual decline was marked by cheerful resignation to the will of God. Sickness, on the other hand, of which we hardly can guess the issue, has removed for a time only, we hope, our Dean, Canon Russell, and the Rev. F. Garrett Within a few days the Rev. B. T. Craig has removed himself to Tasmania. Besides the changes and inconveniences resulting from these events, considerations of health have bought Archdeacon Twopeny nearer to the scene of his former labours. Succeeded by the Rev. W. B. Andrews at Mount Gambier, the vacated cure of Mitcham has been occupied by the Rev. H. Read. At Mount Barker the Rev. E. Brown, from the Diocese of Melbourne, has replaced Mr. Craig, while Lyndoch and its associated churches still need an in cumbent. The Archdeaconry meanwhile and Christchurch have been filled by the Rev. C. Marryat, and St Paul's, Port Adelaide, assigned by the Select Vestry to the Rev. S. Green. It is not to be supposed that these changes were accomplished without difficulty; but with the ex ception of the Lyndoch District, I am happy to report that the ordinances of the Church are ministered with regularity over a larger area of the colony than before. In the South-East, now orga nized as a missionary district the Rev. F. S. Poole officiates at Narracoorte and Penola every month, devoting the remaining Sundays to Robe Town. The Rev. J. Houghton, though resident at Gambier ton, and conducting ably a superior day school, serves MacDonnell Bay fortnightly. At Strath albyn the congregation has been reorganized under Mr. C. G. Taplin, Theological Student who gives services also at Macclesfield and Echunga. At the Meadows steps are being taken to assemble a congregation and erect a church. At Cape Jervis, Glenburn, Hay Flat, Normanville and Myponga, services are held by or under the direction of the Rev. C. Morse. The Missionary Chap lain, Mr. Webb, has recently visited Streaky Bay, and inaugurated a Church there, which has sprung up under the care and well-tried zeal of Mr. O. K. Richardson. Mr. Webb will in June repeat that visit, and go on to Fowler's Bay, after making a mission tour from Melrose by the Northern Stations to the Blinman Mine and Port Augusta. Even Kangaroo Island would have received a missionary visit from the Rev. C. Morse, but by a violent storm the vessel was driven back to Port Adelaide with great danger of shipwreck; and on another occa sion, owing to neglect of signalling, he missed the trader which was to call for him at Yankalilla. thus it will be seen that in spite of all drawbacks, never at any time were the services of our Church more widely or more regularly maintained. One district alone, to my regret is left without a resident minister. "Theological Students.—This supply of the ordinances of our Church, could not, I am free to confess, have been brought about but for increased employment of ministers trained in the colony; and I am persuaded that we shall have to look more and more to a native ministry as years roll on. If a more highly-educated body of clergy may be expected from the Universities and Colleges of the mother-country, yet except for the principal city and town incumbencies and other special cures, I am not sure that a colonial born and bred clergy will not be more suited to the rural popula tion, where piety, simplicity, diligence, and earnestness are the qualities most needed and valued. In this view, and with discernment exercised in selecting the candidates, I shall hope to see a portion of the funds of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel appropriated for the purpose of training theological students, whereby, separated from civil or scholastic pursuits, they, when approved, may be maintained for a period of study preparatory to taking Orders. The names of Reid, Pollitt, Mudie, Clayfield, Green, Howitt, to which we hope to add those of Taplin and Marshall, will show the creditable supply which we may hope hereafter to obtain from the colony itself. Nevertheless it would be a great evil to the Australian Church if it failed to receive from time to time accessions from the ranks of the able and learned clergy of the Mother Church. "Mission Work in the Outer Districts.—The touching appeals for missionary visits from the outlying districts remind me of a Committee which I asked to be appointed by the last Synod Notice 312. This, with the preceding notice, touching theological students—311—was not acted upon, the funds of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel properly applicable to such purposes, having been fully appropriated. The Church En dowment Society having this year undertaken to supply the required capital for parochial endow ments, there will I hope be some balance applicable to the above purposes, and I should advise that the subjects of both those notices be referred to the Standing Committee for consideration, and that the result of their deliberation be communicated at once to the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and reported to the next Synod. A graduated scale of stipend in aid of local funds contributed for three years, decreasing annually, or simply forage allowance in districts where long journeys are necessary and horse keep very dear, would do much to extend the ordinances of the Church in the bush—along the banks of the Alurray, in the country north of the Broughton, from Port Augusta to the Gawler Ranges, and from Port Lincoln to Fowler's Bay, from Wellington to the Tatiara country and tbe Coorong. "Endowments.—After the experience of 19 years of the voluntary system, we are better able to appreciate its difficulties as well as advantages. While the scriptural principles—'The labourer is worthy of his hire.' and 'They who preach the Gospe should live of the Gospel'—commend themselves to us, as trying and exercising the earnestness of real for religion and its ordinances, it is, I think, equally obvious that in poor and sparsely peopled districts the minister of religion, unless he can 'by his own hands,' like St. Paul, minister to his necessities, will often labour under great difficulties. Should he have a wife and family, care and anxiety will often depress his spirits, though they may not break down his faith or trust in Providence. But a mission life in the bush requires physical vigour, not depressed energies, whether of man or horse; and a bare subsistence, fluctuating with the times and irregularly contributed, will produce nothing but prostration of bodily and mental strength. An endowment proportioned to local contributions, but not superseding them, would meet the neces sities of tbe case. From £50 to £100 thus added to the local payments would supply certainty and sufficiency in the room of scantiness and irregu larity. I hope therefore to see country cures espe pecially endowed to this amount. The only difficulty is to select permanent centres of popula tion, and not mere speculative ephemeral towns ships upon paper, for receiving the liberal con tribution of more than 60 per cent, to the capital locally subscribed. "Confirmations.—The confirmations during 1868 were numerously attended, while from their devout demeanour I should judge the candidates had been carefully prepared by their respective ministers. The number who presented themselves for this ordi nance amounted to 620, and during the first quarter of the present year 195 have already taken on them publicly their baptismal promises. "Marriage in Private Houses.—I am happy to report from the returns made to me by the clergy that during 1868 only five parties availed them selves of the relaxation of the law, and three of those five were occasioned more or less by sickness. This shows, I think, the all but universal feeling that such solemn engagements as marriage in volves should be contracted before God and the congregation. "Conference of Sydney.—It remains that I should invite the attention of Synod to the minutes of the Conference of Sydney, which I now place in your hands. The topics there discussed are of the utmost importance to the Australian Church in its provincial capacity, its future unity and well-being under the state of independence in which it is now thought to stand to the Crown. The mode of election and consecration of Bishops; the trial of them; a fair Court of Appeal in case of disputed doctrine, on the supposition that the Privy Council is ac cessible only through the Civil Court, demand very serious and attentive consideration at you hands. Also, the establishment of and powers to be en justed to a General Synod of the Australian Dioceses. Of the value and comfort of such meetings to the Bishops, clergy, and laity who attend, I from experience have learnt the value, and I shall ever entertain a feeling of regret that the exigencies of this diocese compelled me to forego attendance at the Lambeth Conference, at which so large a portion of the episcopate of the Anglican Communion was present, and cemented more closely the American and British Churches. I trust this Synod will affirm its desire for the establishment of such General Synod and its periodical meeting, together with a Court of Appeal connected with that General Synod. The proviso that none of its decisions shall have effect in any diocese until they have been presented to its Synod, and not been disallowed by an adverse vote, whether of the clergy or laity, is a sufficient guarantee for diocesan freedom. I think such General Synod should meet once every three or four years, either at Melbourne or Sydney in the first instance. "With regard to the 7th resolution, I venture to say that there is neither the wish nor Intention to restrict the liberty of clergymen to remove them selves from any diocese, but simply to require formal written notice of such removal three months before it shall take effect. "I will close this report with the well-chosen words of our revered Metropolitan to the Synod of Sydney; it is to ask 'that the spirit and tone of our former discussions may be preserved, and the same consideration and courtesy may continue to be shown by the speakers towards those from whom they differ, and that God will by His gracious Spirit be pleased to guide us into the ways of truth and peace.' " THE PASTORAL ADDRESS. Mr. N. Blyth moved— "That the thanks of this Synod be given to His Lordship for his valuable pastoral address and report on the state of the Diocese, and that they be printed, together with the statistical returns when completed." The Rev. J. Pollitt seconded. The Rev. G. Dove could not support the mttion. He did not consider His Lordship's remarks about Ritualism fair; and the odium which they would stir up, as was the case with the address last year, would fall upon himself and others, who felt it severely. He could not thank His Lordship. The motion was carried with two or three dissentients. NATIVE MISSION. LACEPEDE BAY. "Report of the Church of England Native Mission, Lacepede Bay. "There is no particular feature to report during the past year. The attendance at the school has been somewhat small. The present number of children under Miss Armstrong's charge is nine. "The school was visited by your Secretary a few months since, and the children examined. They appeared to be making fair progress. They attend the Sunday- school regularly, and can answer any simple Bible questions as well as most white children of their age. The teacher of their class appears to take great interest in them. "The school has again been much indebted to the ladies of St. Matthew's, Kensington, for the supplies of clothing. "Several of the children were taken away for change by their parents on account of sickness, but some of them have now returned, and Miss Armstrong reports them all in good health. She expects that the numbers will shortly increase, and on the whole prospects are more encouraging than they have been for some time past. "The mission is at present £25 in debt, being the amount of half a year's salary due to the Superintendent. "C. B. Young, Hon. Sec. and Treasurer." THEOLOGICAL AND ECCLESIASTICAL LIBRARY. Mr. Thornley read the following report— "Your Committee reports that the Library was commenced with 30 members, on July 1, 1868. The Committee refers you to the report of the Sub- Committee to the Standing Committee of Synod, appended to this report for all information with respect to the rules of the Library. "Since July, 1868, £15 have been spent in the purchase of books in the colony, and a further sum of £5 has been forwarded to the Rev. Canon Russell, for the purchase of books in England. The Rev. Canon Russell has made a successful application to the University of Oxford on behalf of this Library, and the Hebdomadal Board have agreed to recommend to Convocation the grant of £150 in value, in books to be selected from amongst works issuing from the University Press. As these works are only in sheets, this grant will entail an expense of at least £40 for binding, which sum has been advanced by the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. "Your Committee wish also to record their grateful thanks to the University of Oxford, to the Rev. W. M. Hutton, St. Paul's Vicarage, Tipton, Staffordshire, and to Justinian Pelly, Esq., Gas tons, Bishop Stortford. England, for their large and valuable contributions; and also to the Rev. Canon Russell, for the efforts he has made and is making on behalf of the Library. "Your Committee hopes that the liberality of our friends in England will meet with a warm response on the part of the members of the Church of England in this colony, so that a valuable Library may in course of time be accumulated for the use of the clergy and laity of this Diocese. "J. Thornley, Chairman." The Lord Bishop had no doubt he would carry the Synod with him in suggesting that the thanks of the Synod be given to the Vice Chancellor for the very liberal contribution of the University. MELANESIAN MISSIONS. The Rev. T. Field read the report upon this mission recently presented to the public meeting held at Pulteney-street Schoolroom. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. Messrs. A. Birrell and H. H. Thomas having been appointed scrutineers, the following officers were elected:— Treasurers—Messrs. A. Spence and H. H. Turton. Secretary—Mr. F. Wicksteed. Auditors—Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and R. B. Colley. STANDING COMMITTEE. The following were appointed a Standing Com mittee for the ensuing year:—The Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, Revs. Canon Farr, Thos. Field, James Pollitt, D. J. H. Ibbetson, Geo. Dove, Richardson Reid, Messrs. Neville Blyth, F. Wicksteed, Alfred Spence, R. B. Colley, L. W. Thrupp, G. W. Hawkes, N. Oldham, C. B. Young, Dr. Duncan, Mr. W. S. Douglas, Hon. H. K. Hughes, Mr. C. H. T. Connor, and Mr. W. W. Blyth. STANDING COMMITTEE'S REPORT. The Standing Orders having been suspended, the report of the Standing Committee was brought up. It was as follows:— "The Standing Committee beg leave to submit to Synod their annual report of the different matters referred to them, and those which have occupied their attention during the past year, together with a statement of accounts duly audited. "1. Assessment of Synodal Expenses.—Accord ing to the instructions of Synod your Committee carefully revised the scale of charges referred to them, for the contributions to be made by the different Churches for this purpose. The amount received in this manner is £151 2s. 11d. The whole of the Churches in the Diocese have paid their assessment with the following exceptions— St John's, Macclesfield: St Philip's, Belvidere; St. Mary's, Echunga; and All Saints, Hindmarsh. They have also prepared, and now submit to Synod, a scale of assessment for the ensuing year, which they consider an improvement on the previous one. "They think it desirable that this amount should be paid in during the quarter ending June 30. "They trust efforts will be made to keep the expenditure on printing as low as possible. "2. General Church and Home Mission Fund.— The Committee are glad to be able to report that this fund, though still far below what they con sider a fund for so important an object should attain to, shows an increase on the year preceding (£170 9s. 5d. as against £115 6s. in 1867-68), and this notwithstanding the additional contributions required for Synodal expenses. "They regret much, however, that this fund and the Allen Fund (£400) per annum) have not enabled them to pay more than half the full rate of aid to clerical incomes. The (Committee consider the principal cause of this deficiency is the cessation a few years ago of the annual grant of £500 from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in London (which was always specially applied to missionary districts and infant Churches), and the consequent increase of the number of Churches placed upon Schedule A, and the gradual increase in the number of Churches in the Diocese. They would wish to urge strongly upon the Synod that some means must be adopted whereby these funds should be relieved from assisting Churches that have been many years established. The principle upon which the town Churches were placed upon Schedule C (the offer of a maximum endowment of £50 a year being made at the same time (see page 125, report 1805) may justly be extended to all Churches which have been erected for long periods in settled districts. In pursuance of these views the Standing Committee have already written to the following Churches, calling upon them to show cause why they should not be placed in Schedule C twelve months after the meeting of this Synod:— St Matthew's, Kensington; Christchurch, Mount Gambier. "3. Endowment of Churches.—The following Churches have been endowed during the past year in accordance with, the existing regulations:— Christchurch, Yankalilla, to full amount of £50 per annum, by payment of £187 10s.; Christ church, O'Halloran Hill, an increase from £20 to £10 per annum, by payment of £75. "4. General Scheme of Endowment and Con ference with Church of England Endowment Society.—In accordance with resolution (Min. 308) of last Synod, passed May 22, 1868, the Standing Committee have conferred with the Directors of the Church of England Endowment Society and the attorneys of the S. P. G., and they have the pleasure to report that the Directors of the Church of England Endowment Seciety will agree to hand their income for 1869 to the attorneys of the S. P. G, to be used in carrying out the same system of endowment which has hitherto prevailed. By this arrangement it is expected that three Churches may be endowed during the current year to the extent of £50 each; or Churches with smaller endowments may make them up to £50 per annum. In page 350, Report of Synod for 1868, the prin ciples of these endowments are fully set forth. The Committee would impress upon the Churches the great advantage of availing themselves of the extremely liberal terms offered for securing perma nent endowments. "5. Depot of Books of the Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge.—The Com mittee have considered the subject referred to them with respect to a depot of books. They con sider that the establishment of a depot is very desirable, but see no way at present of raising the requisite capital. "6. Assistance to Theological Students.—No funds have been in the hands of the Committee for this object, but they understand that the matter has received the favourable consideration of the attorneys of the S. P. G. "7. Codifying Resolutions of Synod.—The Com mittee present to Synod herewith the printed copy of the Fundamental Provisions and Regulations, including the alterations and additions made by the last Synod. "8. Proposed Addition to Schedule D.—The Committee recommend to Synod the addition o the following words to Schedule D of the Funda mental Provisions:— 'And in order to facilitate the recovery of possession by the said Bishop, trustee, trustees, or corporation of the said real and per sonal estate. I hereby admit myself to be tenant at will thereof to the said Bishop, trustee, or trustees, or corporation.' "9. Advertising Daily Business of Synod.—The Committee report that it is desirable that in future. on any adjournment of Synod, the business of which notice has been given be advertised once in the newspapers of the day following the adjourn ment, but that this should be done in as condens.Hl a form as possible." The report was accompanied by a balance-sheet and statement of accounts of the various funds in connection with, the Synod. DONATION OF BOOKS. On the motion of His Lordship, seconded by Mr. Thornley, it was resolved that a vote of thanks be presented through the Vice-Chancellor to the University of Oxford for the gift of books to the library, and that the report of the Theological and Library Committee be accepted, and thanks be presented to the Rev. W. M. Buttons, of TIpton, Staffordshire, and Mr. Pelly, Bishop Stort tord, for their large and valuable donation. ROUTINE BUSINESS. Several motions were passed having reference to Synodal assessment of Churches, terms of in cumbency, Church endowment &c.; PRAYERS DURING SYNOD. The Rev. S. Green moved— "That His Lordship the Bishop be requested to make arrangements for the saying of daily prayer in one of the city churches during the present session of Synod, at a convenient hour for the attendance of Synodsmen.'' The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny seconded. The motion was carried, and the evening prayer was fixed to be said at Trinity Church daily, at half-past 2 o'clock. THEOLOGICAL STUDENTS. His Lordship moved— "That in accordance with Minute 311, 1868, the business be referred to the Standing Committee." The object was to have a plan prepared for pro viding means to enable students to fit themselves for the work of the ministry by undergoing a course of training in parochial duties, besides devoting time to the study of the Word of God. The Rev. Canon Farr seconded. Carried. MISSIONARY DISTRICTS. His Lordship moved— "That in accordance with Minute 312, the busi ness be referred to the Standing Committee." He explained that the motion contemplated the framing of a scheme for enabling the outlying parts of the colony to be thrown into missionary districts, and for contributing towards the support of clergymen to labour in them, the money advanced being intended to supplement the contri butions of settlers. The Rev. Canon Farr moved, as an amend ment— "That this subject be referred to a Special Committee, to report from tine to time to the Standing Committee." He believed the Standing Committee would not be able to perform this in addition to its other duties. Mr. C. B. Young seconded. His Lordship alluded to the thinly peopled dis tricts in the South-East, to the drainage works, the Barossa and Jupiter Diggings, the Almanda Mines, and so on, as presenting fields for ministerial labour which had not yet been overtaken. He then formally accepted the amendment which was carried. The following were appointed a Special Com mittee:—The Lord Bishop, the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny. Rev. Canon Farr, Messrs. C. B. Young and G. W. Hawkes. THE VOLUNTARY SYSTEM. The Rev. G. Dove moved— "That it is the opinion of this Synod that all fees for churchings, certificates for baptism and marriages, and also rents for pews, should be abolished, and voluntary offerings substituted." He stated that he had found parents refrained from bringing their children to be baptized because of the fee of 2s. 6d. It took a long time to explain to these people that there was no charge for baptism itself—that if the clergy sold a sacrament they committed a great sin. Then, with regard to churchings, he had noticed that at Trinity Church during a period in which there were 166 baptisms there were only 28 churchings. Why was it that women held back from returning thanks for safe deliverance from childbirth? He believed the levy of a fee of 2s. 6d. had much to do with it. Then with reference to burials he had often been interrupted in the service at the grave by the curator, or whatever be was called, saying. "Is this to be a pound or 5s."—(a laugh)—and altogether the charge was calculated to destroy the effect which the service should have. In the case of marriages the same objection applied, and to obviate it he had directed that instead of fees an offering should be deposited on the book when the ring was put on. This was to some extent reviving the olden practice, when the sum deposited was in tended as an offering for the communion which used to follow, and which the Church recom mended should follow immediately upon a mar riage. (Hear, hear.) He contended that the im position of these fees and the bargaining for the mouey in the vestry did away with much of the solemnty of the ordinance. Then with regard to pew-rents. The Church was God's house—the house of their Father—and the imposition of these charges had the effect of enabling the rich to take possession of the best parts of the church, which was decidedly contrary to the teachings of the Holy Scripture as expressed by St. James, who con demned the practice of saying to one man with a gold ring and goodly apparel, "Sit thou here," and to other in vile raiment, "Sit thou there.'' It was opposed to Scripture, besides being opposed to the practice of the early Church and the law of their own Church. It was during the deformation which followed the Reformation that the existing practices had been introduced. (Hear, hear.) Here the poor were very proud, and they did not like to feel that other people could have sittings from which they were excluded. He did not justify them for feeling thus, but he was certain that if the churches were thrown open to the people generally they would be attracted to them instead of keeping away from them. Look at the state of things in this city. At St. Paul's he found it a very difficult thing to get the working people to attend. They did not like to sit in the free seats, and feel that the church belonged to a few pewholders. They ought to be able to feel at home in their Father's house. The opinions he now held he had enter tained for eight years, but he had not given expres sion to them partly because of his intense dislike to speaking, and partly because he believed he would not get any sympathy if he had expressed them. (Cheers.) His Lordship seconded the motion pro forma. A discussion followed, in which the Rev. E. K. Miller, Rev. R. B. Webb. Rev. S. Green, Mr. N. Blyth, Dr. Duncan, and Mr. C. B. Young took part. The Rev. Canon Farr proposed, as an amend ment, to strike out all the words of the motion except those relating to baptisms and churchings. Virtually the fees for these things were not now charged, and he considered they ought not to be. After remarks by Mr. Wiles, Mr. John Formby, Mr. T. O. Jones, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Mr. Toms, and Mr. Dixon, His Lordship said the pew system here was not the same as in England, where a pewholder could take the key of the door and keep it locked. He believed nothing pleased Christian people more than when they saw a poor person in the aisle to offer him a seat. In referring to Scripture as an authority, it must not be forgotten that there were the 'tithes' as well as the offering to the Israelitish priests, who moreover had cities and land allotted to them. He referred to the system adopted at the Stow Congregational Church, where, without a formal pew-rent, each person contributed a certain amount according to his means, as one from which a lesson might be learned. He hoped the discussion might lead to good, and perhaps to a little more of the voluntary spirit; but if they took the Pauline rule and carried it out in integrity the clergy would have to go and labour occasionally, for Paul said, "These hands have ministered to my necessities." There were some instances in which that had been actually done, such as that of the Rev. Mr. Walker; but they were exceptional, and it would be difficult for them to transport themselves back to the customs of the mediæval ages, or of 1,800 years ago. In reference to marriages, His Lordship said the publication of banns was intended to relieve people from the payment of the four-guinea fee for a licence. The fees for churchings and baptisms he should like to see done away with, and in that he approved of Mr. Dove's motion. The motion and amendment were put, and the amendment carried. The Synod adjourned shortly before 9 o'clock till next day at 3. Second Day: Wednesday, April 28. The adjourned meeting took place on Wed nesday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, after evening service at Trinity Church. Present—The Lord Bishop (presiding), 18 clergy men, and 30 Synodsmen. The claim of Christchurch, Yankalilla, to be represented in Synod as part of a united parish was recognised. Archdeacon Marryat, Rev. T. Field, Messrs. Wicksteed, Young, and Colley were appointed a Committee to report on disputed returns. The Standing Committee were authorized to recommend what churches should be placed on Schedule C. The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Rev. Canon Farr, Rev. George Dove, Rev. S. Green, Rev. Richardson Reid, Messrs. Hawkes, Cawthorne, and C. B. Young were appointed a Committee to confer with the Lord Bishop upon the best means to be adopted for extending the ministrations of the Church of England among the poorer brethren. The definition of boundaries of parishes was referred to Standing Committee, to report to next Synod. A series of resolutions adopting suggestions of the Conference of the Metropolitan and Bishops in the Province of Australia were passed, and a Special Committee, consisting of the Bishop, Arch deacon Marryat, Canon Farr, and Messrs. Thrupp and M. Blyth, was appointed to report more fully on them, and to report to this Synod on the 25th May next. Third Day: Thursday. April 29. The attendance on this the third day of the Synod included a large number of clergymen and lay members. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide pre sided. CALL OF SYNOD. Mr. R. B. Collet moved— "That a call of Synod be made for Tuesday, the 25th May." His Lordship explained that the call was necessary to secure a large attendance, in order to have certain regulations not fundamental placed amongst the fundamental regulations. Carried. RITUALISM. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson rose to move, pur suant to notice— "That in view of the efforts which have of late been made in England to introduce into our Church a mode of public worship and a system of doctrines usually known by the name of Ritualism, and which it has been attempted to introduce into certain of our Churches in this colony, this Synod desires to express its deep-rooted and unabated attachment to the principles of the English Refor mation, and its determination to oppose to the utmost any attempts on the part of Ritualists or others to indoctrinate the Church with tenets opposed to those principles." His Lordship took exception to the motion on the ground that it was a bill of attainder against certain clergymen who were not named; that as such it ought to be brought forward in due form under the fundamental provisions as an accusation, committed to writing, and signed by the party or parties preferring it; and that if such an accusation was hereafter brought before him, and clerical and lay assessors selected out of the members of the Syood—the appointed Court for the trial of all such charges—it would be utterly impossible for him and the assessors to deal impartially with it after hearing the argument to-day. If the matter was pressed he should retire and leave a Com missary in his place. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, seeing that the motion was so strongly objected to by His Lord ship, reluctantly consented to withdraw it. Mr. F. Wicksteed moved, and the Rev. Canon Farr seconded, that leave to withdraw be granted. Mr. L. W. Thrupp expressed his deep regret at the withdrawal and tbe evident attempt to "stifle" discussion. The use of this word was strongly objected to. and some sharp dialogue ensued. Ultimately leave was given to withdraw, there being 27 for and 9 against. The Rev. James Pollitt then moved— "That in the opinion of this Synod it is of the highest importance to the unity and well-being of the members of the United Church of England and Ireland in the Diocese of Adelaide that the Lord Bishop of the Diocese be earnestly requested to use his influence (or the correction and preven tion of such evils as are known by the terms Ritualistic or Romanisng in keeping with the tenor ff his address at the opening of Synod." The question for consideration was plainly this— do the member, of the Church of England in this diocese feel that there is anything of the sort referred to in the motion actually existing here? If not, whence the rumours which had been cir culated, and whence the anxiety felt and expressed? Had they taken alarm without cause? He knew nothing of it; he had seen nothing of the sort, and he felt nothing it; but had heard others state that they had been very much pained and alarmed at the existence of practices known as Ritualistic. But then it was the duty of those who were acquainted with instances of the kind to present the clergyman complained of to the Bishop. (Hear, hear.) There had been nothing of that kind done, but he had brought forward his motion in order that the Synod might have an opportunity of expressing an opinion upon the subject, and thereby of strengthening and supporting him in the course he might be called upon to pursue. The duty devolved upon them of expressing their adherence to the principles of their forefathers; of being saved by the sacrifice and death of Christ and not to be led away by mere matters of form or adornment which approximated to Romanism. He had heard it stated that the practice of the elevation of the Host had been witnessed in the colony; but those who saw them should have brought the matter under the notice of the Bishop. (Hear, hear.) He would not say more upon the subject beyond remarking that if there were instances of prostration, genuflexions, or other Ritualistic practices observed in the churches it was the duty of those who witnessed them to take the proper action, so that the charges against the clergyman so offending might be investigated. The Rev. Canon Farr seconded the motion. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny remarked that the Rev. Mr. Pollitt had asked if there were any instances of genuflexions practised here. He did it himself; he always did it; and he felt that he only did that which was due to Him upon whom his salvation depended. Mr. R. B. Colley suggested that each speaker should preserve strict order in addressing the Bishop and speaking to the question before them. Mr. C. B. Young remarked that with regard to what was called Ritualism, there had been a great deal said about it, and but very little proved. He could not help thinking that His Lordship correctly stated the case when he remarked that the present movement was a great tidal wave which had reached the Church in every place and which would soon push away. Still it was but natural that those who were attached to the Church should take the alarm. He had heard some wonderful stories respecting what was said to be done in the churches, but he believed that three-quarters of what was said was utterly untrue, and the rest highly coloured. (Hear, hear.) If hh were to ask where the practices complained of actually oc curred, he should probably be referred to the Church at Walkerville, which he represented. And what was there at Walkerville Church to complain of? He knew that there had been those who went there to spy out their ways. (Heur, hear.) But they had gone away disappointed. (Hear and laughter.) The adornments of which they had heard so much consisted simply of the decorations put up by the ladies and children at Christmas and Easter, at which his own children assisted; and be did not know that there was anything Romanizing in that. (Hear, hear.) Then again they had the daily service and the administration of the Holy Com munion at the unusual time of half-pant 7 in the morning. But surely if their clergyman and his congregation were sufficiently zealous and in earnest to attend to such services there could be no objection, and there ought not to be on the part of those who were too indifferent to attend to such matters. It was said by Mr. Formby the previous day that a man who hail done a hard day's work would not he inclined to attend the evening services. But it was not so very difficult to say their prayers after a day's hard work, and at any rate the practice had been found to be very successful at Walkerville, where many of the inhabitants had such little accommodation for worship In their own houses. He knew that he was "letting the cat out of the bag," for doing which he hoped the Rev. Mr. Dove would forgive him; but in truth they were only conforming to the Prayer-Book. The only remedy, therefore, would be a revision of the Book of Common Prayer, which he, however, would be very sorry to see. He did not stand up as the champion of Ritualism, for his sympathies were all in the other direction. He could say his prayers as well in the plainest possible church as in one that was elegantly adorned; but he did not blame others who felt differently from himself. He, however, did stand up to defend his minister, who had been vilified, and of whom things had been said which, if true, would prove him to be a traitor to the Church. The charges laid against him were untrue, and as the reverend gentleman was the minister of the Church he represented, he felt it to be his duty to stand up and vindicate his character. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe there was a more earnest and conscientious minister in the diocese. (Hear, hear.) He did not say that zeal could compensate for true doctrine; but he had never heard from his minister anything con trury to sound doctrine; and further, he had heard him declare that if anything was done in the Church which wounded the conscience of any one of the members it should be discontinued. Con sequently, if auricular confession, transubstantia tion, or anything else tending to Romanism were to be practised or taught, he himself would object to it as offensive, and it would be put an end to. If, then, all that had been said respecting some other churches had no better foundation than that which was reported respecting Walkerville, there was very little cause for com plaint. It was because he believed the rumours to have been circulated without any just cause that he wished to see the subject investigated. (Au ihuise.) His Lordship remarked that the Rev. Mr. Pollitt had not brought forward his motion because he was in possession of any facts upon which to base a charge against any of the clergy, but the contrary. Why, he had himself been informed within the last few days, by a respectable person, that when he was at Christchurch, Yankalilla, four years ago, he crossed himself several times; and this was related upon the authority of an old Scotch woman, who saw it. (Laughter.) Some thing had been miid about letting the cat out of the bag. Now, he remembered Reverdy Johnson having said that the worst pur pose to which they could put a bag was to put a cut into it. (Laughter.) It was much better to let it out, and that reminded him that the Rev. Mr. Pollitt invited him to attend at the opening of his church after it had been repaired, and certainly of all of the Ritualistic churches in the colony, both in regard to its archi tecture and adornments and the arrangements for the opening services, that was the worst. (Laughter.) It only required one or two other things to give it the character of full-blown Ritualism. And yet who was more free from Ritualism than the Rev. Mr. Pollitt himself? His font and the chancel of the church were all very Ritualistic in their form and adornments of blue, red, and gold; but what of that? He only men tioned this to show how much might be made of a very little, and he believed that nine-tenths of what was rumoured abroad was untrue. Mr. G. W. Hawkies moved the following amend ment:— "That this Synod desires to record the opinion that the forms and ceremonies of the Church of England should be strictly carried out in accord ance with the directions of the Book of Common Prayer." In doing so he wished to express his desire that the speeches delivered during that important debate would be characterized by the same spirit as was shown by Mr. Young, who was a member of one uf the churches the minister of which had been slandered as a Ritualist. He had frequently attended his ministry, because he esteemed him as a faithful minister, and he had also often attended St. Paul's, but he had never witnessed anything at either to which the least objection could be taken. If there had been anything of the kind, such as the elevation of the host, or any other Romish practices, he would have been the first to have brought it under the notice of the Bishop. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Duncan seconded the amendment. He had heard a great deal at Port Adelaide about Ritualism; but what did it all mean? He remem bered many years ago that the service of the Church of England consisted in the performance of a duet between the parson and the clerk, and that the congregation merely went to look on, and see what was being done. Any person who allowed his voice to be heard in the responses was looked upon as somebody who had not been pro rerly brought up, and it was not considered to spectable to be heard in the singing. (Hear and laughter.) But it was not so now. His Lordship had expressed an opinion that a great tidal wave had passed over the minds of men: and it was certain that this upheaval had produced important results in regard to religion, science, and literary criticism; and further, that any attempt to stop its progress would be like trying to stop the onward progress of the tide. It would go on, do what they might to arrest it. It was a movement which might be guided, but could not be successfully resisted. In regard to religion, this impulse had induced earnest men to devote their energies to the service of the Church, and the laity who had the love of God burning in their hearts felt that they also had their parts to take in the services of the Church as well as the parson and the clerk. Another result of this movement was asthetlc in its character. Men of taste felt that the old church music was not beautiful enough, and that the architecture of the churches was susceptible of great improvement. These things, however, were of but comparatively small importance. The greatest and the most dangerous effect produced by the general upheaval to which he had referred was the wide-spread infi delity which characterized the age. It was a fact that religion was very extensively ignored by men of learning and scientific attainments. His Lordship asked how this was connected with the subject before the Synod. Dr. Duncan said his object was to show that Ritualism was a mere bugbear, and that infidelity was the great evil that threatened the Church. The practices of the Church might be called Ritualistic, but they were not immunizing in their tendency, but merely matters of taste. Why, a clergyman of the Church of Scotland informed him that he had put a harmonium in his church, and he was told in consequence that he was going directly to Rome. (Laughter.) What were the errors against which the Reformers protested ? The sale of indulgences was one of those errors; but he had not heard of any, clergyman being charged with that. Then, again, they protested against the doctrine of the transubstantiation of the elements of the Holy Communion, in which, however, no person in his right mind could believe. There might be some abstract belief in the subjective real presence; but they just judge of others by their actions, and unless the elements themselves were adored, the doctrine of transubstantiation could not be believed. In the case of Martin v. Mackonochie, the Privy Council determined that the lighting of candles during the daytime and other matters of that kind were only ceremonials. So in some of the churches the clergyman was accused of stand ing with his back to the people and his face to the altar during the consecration of the elements, and in a case brought before His Lordship it was ruled by him that the clergyman should stand on the north side of the altar and not in front of it, con trary to the decision of the Privy Council. His Lordship said that there was no judgment in the latter case. The question was left undecided. But in the other instance he was called upon to give judgment, and he did so in accordance with his own opinion upon the subject, and to the best of his ability. Dr. Duncan—No doubt: but the Privy Council appeared to have taken a different view. He could assure His Lordship that he had no sympathy with anything having a Romanistic tendency, and that he regretted very much that there should be sucn a popular outcry against men who were zealous and earnest in the performance of their duties. The accusations were brought in such a vague manner that they could not be met. Thus, in the church he attended himself a report was circulated on the Monday after the administration of the sacrament that the clergyman elevated the host, but the report was afterwards traced to a person who never saw the host elevated, and did not know what it meant. He only spread the report by way of producing a little excitement, without re flecting that it was calculated to militate against the usefulness as well as the character of the clergyman. There were some persons who objected to the practice of bowing at the name of Jesus, but he could not see that there was any thing of a Romanizing tendency in that. There fore they who objected to the practice themselves ought not to carry their objections so far as to complain that others did it He did not believe in the doctrines of the Romish Church, but he was not prepared to cast aspersions on those who upon aesthetic principles renounced the mere formalism which was so much more prevalent 30 years ago. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny, at the request of His Lordship, and with permission of the Synod, again addressed the meeting. He sup ported the amendment, because he believed they would not have heard anything about the resolution if ithad not been for the defective teaching of those who had not fully investigated the subject. With regard to Ritualism, he believed there were many who did not understand it. He was himself brought up under the care and ministration of his revered grandfather, who was a minister of the Church for 60 years, and who died in 1843; and he could only say that the practices which were now considered as innovations were those in common use by the earnest men of his day. He was taught to repeat the morning and evening prayers daily, and he only regretted that the practice had fallen into disuse. His grandfather performed the daily services in his church, and in that respect he only followed the practice of his predecessor. Objections had been taken to genuflections. He did not exactly know what was meant but he was taught to bow to the holy name of Jesus, and he could not see that there was anything Romanizing in paying homage to the name of the great author of their salvation. He wished that the practices of their Church were better understood and more faithfully followed. He believed that in this colony their catechism was in many instances entirely neglected in their schools. (Hear, hear.) It ought not to be so. They did not find such to be the case amongst other denominations. The Presbyterians and Wesleyans, for instance, taught their cate chisms; and if they were not ashamed of their principles, neither should the members of the Church of England be ashamed to teach the truths in which they as a Reformed Church gloried. (Applause.) He believed that they had all been neglectful more or less in upholding the principles in which they believed—and he was guilty in that particular as well as others—but he thought that many of them were alarmed without cause upon other matters He asked them as Christian men not to brand a number of the clergy as traitors merely because they were trying to carry out what was taught in the Book of Common Prayer, to which they had all at their ordination promised to comply. (Hear, hear.) He believed that in doing this they were using one of the means of bringing souls to Christ. He was 50 years of age, and had been 25 years in the ministry, and they would therefore, he hoped, allow him to urge upon them the necessity of more earnestness, and a greater determination to see if there was not some thing wrong in their own teaching before they took upon themselves to censure their brethren. The zeal of such men, though it might be mingled with some amount of formalism, was less offensive to the Almighty, and less to be deprecated, than that amount of indifference and utter neglect which was so prevalent. He had taken part of the service for the Rev. Mr. Dove on one occasion, and he had been extremely gratified to see the large and devout conception of working men which were assembled within the church, although he was informed that the number present was, if anything, less than usual. He could not stand by and see his brother clergymen branded as Romanists. The Rev. J. Pollitt—Who has found fault with Mr. Dove? Has anybody? Mr. C. B. Young—Yes; hundreds of people. (Laughter and Hear, hear.) His Lordship—If you read the motion you will find that it makes no specific charges. The Rev. Mr. Dove—I am quite willing to be accused. (A laugh.) The Rev. Mr. Pollitt—I would ask Mr. Twopeny what he means by my defective teaching. Mr. N. Blyth rose to order, and submitted that the rev. gentleman could only speak in reply. The Rev. J. Pollitt—I have a risht to ask an explanation. His Lordsuip—You can refer to that in sum ming up. Dr. Gosse should have no objection to go for the amendment, although it was not in antagonism to the motion. (Hear, hear.) He should like to know, however, by what standard these Ritualistic and Romanizing practices were to be judged; what were the particular errors excepted under those terms. When at school he had been compelled to turn his face to the east when repeating the Creed, and he continued to do so now quite instinctively. If that was a Ritual istic practice he must plead guilty to it. He should like to have the Ritualistic tendencies defined before he gave his vote. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson considered that the action of what might be termed the Anti-Ritual istic party had been misunderstood. He had been to some extent identified with the movement against Ritualism, and for himself and those whom he had been brought into contact with, he believed he could say that if the matter ended with mere acts of external worship not a voice would be raised with regard to it. It was not because the cup might be elevated, or even the host—if such a thing was done; it was not because the minister might go into the pulpit and cross himself three times before he commenced his sermon, or turned his back when he concluded: it was not these things that caused alarm, but it was from their being viewed as indications of what was to follow. (Cheers.) It was from looking upon these things as a system of interpretation which would lead the souls of the people away from the Saviour—lead them to trust in the Church, and sacrament, and priesthood. (Hear, hear.) He was anxious to give every man credit for the best intentions, but it was an apprehension of what these things would tend to in the way of the publication of manuals and devotions and instructions for the young, and so forth, and other acts of a Romanizing character, which led them to call upon His Lordship to take steps to check the (spread of Ritualism. Nothing could be more painful to him, especially as for some time past he had been in weak health, than to be called upon to say any thing in opposition to his brother clergy. He repudiated the idea of taking a pleasure in such things; but he had taken the ordination vow, and it called upon him to be ready with faithful diligence to banish and drive away strange doctrine contrary to God's Word—(cheers)— and he felt that he would not be acting up to that vow if he did not, however ineffectually, enter his decided protest against the things he had touched upon, simply as being an indication of a system the tendencies of which he had been familiar with for years. He for years had had as his bosom friend the Chancellor of Lincoln Cathedral, the Rev. Charles Smith Reid, a gentleman whose writings against all doctrines of a Romanizing character were well known, and he had been early embued with the utmost abhorrence of any thing approaching such doctrines. He therefore felt very anxious that whatever latitude was allowed to the ministers of the Church, great care should be exercised to avoid these grave errors. A definition of Ritualism had been asked for; but it was one of those matters in which a definition was needless, unless it was called for in a Court of Law. It was well understood what was meant by it. It con sisted in external acts implying certain doctrines, and but for the implication the acts would never be objected to. Did the doctrine, not lead to usurpation by the priesthood and the undue exaltation of the authority of the Church—he said undue exaltation for it had an authority which all Christian men should submit to—it would not be condemned. But there had been an exaltation of the Church which they could not, consistently with their liberty as Christian men, assent to. The tendency of this was to place the minister—the presbyter in the place of a sacrificing priest; and as a cousequence, to make him a necessary mediator between the sinner and his Saviour. (Hear, hear.) Auricular confession, too, was insisted upon; and with regard to the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, so many regulations and instructions were issued for the guidance of those who should worthily par take of it, that it became a cumbrous and super stitious system, approaching as nearly as the Church of England service would allow to the Humanist doctrine of the mass. For instance, he had seen quoted in one of Dr. Cumining's lec tures an extract from a sermon delivered in St. Alban's Church, in which it was stated that the communicant should be careful as to the way he passed out his hand to receive the Lord God. Now in the didactic portion of the system there might be no reference to consubstantiation, to say nothing of transubstantiation: but what could be the object of these rules, regulations, and instruc tions? Did not such language as he had quoted, if not in so many words, yet virtually imply the doctrine of consubstantiation? He alluded to the system alone in the remarks he made, and not to any particular clergyman. He had never in any part he had taken in this Ritualistic movement brought charges against any individual. The object of his resolution had been to avoid such charges, as it was not the duty of a clergyman to bring accusations against another unless his conduct amounted to a dreadful heresy. His Lordship—That is a very dreadful heresy that you have alluded to. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson—No clergymen tn this Diocese had been guilty of it (Cheers.) Still, those who adopted and answered to the name of Ritualists identified themselves with the system, and he and others might be excused some little alarm lest those who thus adopted the designation were led on to adopt the practices of Ritualism as they existed in England. (Hear, hear.) It was this jealousy against Popery in any shape and form which had been characteristic of him all his life which induced him to take the action he had taken. A great deal too much had been made of the subject of zeal. He had lately come across an extract, giving words ascribed to the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, in which a firm conviction was expressed that a great many pf the errors of the Church in the present day had been due to a feverish restlessness on the part of the clergy to be always doing. He did not wish at all to deprecate activity; but if this took the place of calm study, thought fulness, meditation, the reading of God's Word, and the prayerful reading of God's Word—and he could inform the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny that he never read the Bible and never came to the meetings of Synod without first earnestly supplicating the Divine guidance—it became an evil. There were others besides those who paid a close regard to externals who felt a burning zeal for souls. It was not a right test of ministers or men to discriminate between them according to their outward zeaL They knew well that one man might tell the truth and not care to impress it on his hearers, whilst another might move heaven and earth to make them believe a falsehood. (Hear, hear.) It was not those who, like the Pharisee. went into the corners of the streets to be seen of men, or who visited houses which there was no occasion to visit, who were to be regarded as model ministers. He did not care how meri torious in the eyes of men a clergyman might be if he did not make the cross of Chnst, not the material cross, but the crucifixion of the Saviour, the sum and centre of his work and preaching; that man was not doing the work of Christ, and was not a faithful minister of the Church. He spoke this, because in the remarks made there seemed to have been a disposition to draw off the mind of Synod from the doctrinal view to the mere external view associated with it. He strongly urged the necessity of guarding themselves against being brought back to the tangible and material at the expense of the spiritual (Hear, hear.) He was one who felt great gratification in beautiful church architecture, in sweet, soft, and solemn music, vocal and instrumental. He felt delight on hearing the congregation join as one man in the responses, and he would yield to none in his love for the Liturgy and the service of the Church: but he could have no sympathy with this Ritualistic movement It admitted the doctrine of prayers being offered for the dead— a doc ctrine which implied the existence of pur gatory. (No, no.) The teaching of the Church was that at death the soul went to heaven or hell. [No, no, and Yes.) If to the latter, as a place of endless torment, prayers were useless; if to the former, they were needless. There was implied in the offering of prayers for the dead the existence of a middle state. Then Ritualism recognised invo cation of the Saints and the Virgin Mary. His Lordship—I believe you are quite correct. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson continued—And there could not be a doubt, as was admitted by its organ, the Church Times, that the cele bration of the Mass was permitted. There might not be a great deal in this, but as Protestants they did not like any approach to the old system. (Hear, hear) Then the frequent administration of the sacrament—seven times a week, he believed, was the practice at St. Albans—came very near to the masses of the Roman Catholic Church, and to the recommenda tion of Archdeacon Wilberforce in his book on the Eucharist, which the Rev. Chas. Smith Reid criti cised, in favour of daily communion in the Church of England with or without a congregation. His Lordship—That contradicts the rubric, which says there must be two or three present. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson next alluded to auricular confession and priestly absolution, speaking of the partial warrant for these things in the Prayer-Book as being the remnants of the Popish doctrines which it was the object and aim of the Reformation to expunge. The tendency of the present ritualistic movement was to advance the interests of sacerdotalism, and recognise the necessity of priests to act as mediators between God and the sinner; and against this he felt bound solemnly to protest. With regard to the Reforma tion, he had had no intention of reverting to the history of that event, but merely to rely upon its principles as expressed by the Church Articles, the Church Liturgy, and the Homilies. (Cheers.) He was but little conversant with the history of the Reformed Church; but he had intended to discharge his conscience by placing the matter before the Synod on the basis he had mentioned. He had allowed the first day's meet ing to pass without taking action, hoping some one else would have introduced the subject; but he felt that it would have been dereliction of duty on his part had he allowed the question to go unnoticed. He supported the motion. The Rev. Mr. Dove said although he had a very great deal of sympathy with fiitualisin he made it his daily study to try to under stand the principles of the Reformation. He could say most heartily that he protested against the Papal supremacy—(Hear, hear)—he protested against the worship of the Blessed Virgin—(Hear, hear)—against the sacrifice of masses—(Hear, hear)—against enforced confession. (Hear, hear.) And there, unless in a few minor details, his Protestantism ended. Yet he hoped he was a member and a priest of the Holy Catholic Church, and as such he subscribed to the Prayer Book, and made it his daily endeavour to try to understand what it taught, and to act according to it. He had a weekly celebration of the holy com munion, and in this practice he believed he was acting in accordance with God's Holy Word, and in a way which would tend to increase the holiness of life of those who communicated. They could not from time to time hear the words "Who soever eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not dis cerning the Lord's body," without fear, and this fear would lead them to crucify the flesh with its lusts. It would lead them to look to the Cross of Christ, and enable them to see how much Christ loved them. The Saviour did not intend that the effort of a logical mind should be required prior to the proper reception of the sacra ment, but only earnest, faithful hearts. With regard to the definition of doctrines, he was altogether at a loss in regard to them; but it was sufficient for him to say—"My Lord said, 'Take, eat, this is My body; take, drink, this is My blood.'" (Hear, hear.) If he could only lead people to see the great benefit of the Holy Sacra ment the weekly communion would not have been established in vain. Then, the Church had supplied a general confession of sin instead of the private confessions which before the Reformation had been made to the priest; and it was only in extreme cases that private con fessions were ordered to be made. He did not think, however, that he would be teaching the doctrines of the Church of England if he did not exhort people to come to him or some other dis creet and learned minister of God's Word, and make confession, if they could not quiet their consciences in any other way. (Hear, hear.) That he did both in public and private. When he was first ordained he was not even aware that it was enjoined on clergymen to say matins and evensong; but be had now made his practice accord with that injunction. The reason why he practised it in public was that he found he could always get two or three to say prayers with him, and when the lessons were said aloud in God's house one under stood them much better, and they appeared much more solemn. He should support Mr. Hawkes's amendment. He thanked Mr. Young and others for the credit they had given him in respect to the congregation at St Paul's, but the main part of it was due to the Rev. Mr. Howitt (Cheers.) The Rev. Canon Farr said the whole question resolved itself into two distinct parts—Ritualism at home and Ritualism here—and every one who had heard the discussion would be able to leave with the satisfactory feeling that a great many ex aggerated stories had been afloat, and much unnecessary alarm excited in respect to its develop ment in the colony. He should support the resolution, because he felt although the necessity for it after His Lordship's Charge was not very apparent, yet that if it was rejected after the Synod had thanked the Bishop for his address, it would appear as if they declined to confirm the sentiments enunciated in it. (Hear.) He intended also to vote for the amendment of Mr. Hawkes as a rider to the motion. He maintained that it was he duty of a clergyman in this diocese to look after the work which lay before him in all directions, and not simply to give attention either to writing, or preaching, or visitation. Per sons had been lost to their Church through the neglect of house-to-house visitation—a duty im posed upon the clergy by their ordination vows. The reason for his having said "No, no" when the last speaker alluded to prayers for the dead was because it had been distinctly decided in the Law Courts at home that such prayers were allowed by the Service of the Church. The doctrine was not as stated by Mr. Ibbetson, for it was taught that there was an intermediate state in which the souls of the departed rested for a while. Archbishop Whately, on this subject, took a view different from that of Mr. Ibbetson; and in the Holy Scrip tures there was warrant for prayers for the dead in the expressions, "Thy kingdom come," and "Lord, how long?" There was a certain kind of Ritualism, which God forbid he should live to see introduced into this colony. It found its exponents in a number of clergy who addressed a memorial to the Archbishop of Canterbury on the 30th of May, 1867. This was published in the Atlantic Monthly, and contained the following declaration of faith:—"We believe that Christ himself really and truly, but spiritually and in effably present in the Sacrament, is therein to be adored." In opposition to that he placed the state ment of Dr. Hooker—"The real presence of Christ's most blessed body and blood is not, therefore, to be sought for in the Sacrament, but in the worthy receiver of the Sacra ment." These two doctrines were diametrically opposed to each other, and if Ritualism meant that, which it was said there to mean, they could not do better than by passing this resolution. Let men at home know that this was not the Ritualism they meant to have; let them have the Ritualism zeal and work; let them say daily prayers in their churches; let all be filled with energy like Mr. Dove; but let them try to preserve intact the doctrine of the Reformation—the true old Catholic doctrine, not defaced by Romish error. The Rev. Mr. Webb could not, accepting as he did in its entirety the teaching of the Book of Common Prayer as contained in its articles and liturgy, agree to the motion, because he stood there as a friend to one of those gentlemen who had signed the memorial which Mr. Farr had read, and he unhesitatingly, and with the greatest bold ness possible, affirmed that he really and truly believed that the views put forward by these clergy men, although not binding on him or his conscience, were his belief, and were the teaching of the Church of England. (Oh, oh.) He might be damaging his cause and himself by making an avowal like that, but in these days of trimming, in these days of excess and defect, he could not quietly repudiate that which he believed to be the doctrine of the Church of England, because they were told that the body and blood of Christ were truly and indeed taken and received by the faithful (the Latin was fideles) in the Last Supper; and also, he believed that this holy Communion was not only the com memoration of the death of Chnst—not only the showing forth of the Lord's death until he came— but that it was, as the Prayer-Book told them, their spiritual food and sustenance. He believed, also, that, in the words of humble access made use of, there was a recognition of the present Invisible Spiritual, and Ineffable; and with this agreed the 28th Article of their Church, which told them that the body and blood of Christ were given, taken and received after a spiritual and heavenly manner, that the means whereby that ineffable mystery was received was not de pendent upon the faith of the communicant, but that their Lord was really and truly ever present after a spiritual and heavenly fashion, and in this interpretation the author of the article con curred, as appeared from a letter of his, pub Iished in the charge of the Bishop of Gloucester. He deemed it his duty as a minister of the Church so to teach. It was said that there was great fear of this leading to the usurpation of power by the priesthood. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe that for a moment, for it must be the people who put themselves into the hands of the priesthood. He protested against priestcraft in every form; but he solemnly, as a priest of the Church, stood up for the rights of his order, for the spiritual nature of the mark and character that was impressed upon him when the hands of the Bishop were laid on his head, and when solemnly, before the face of all the earth, not once as it happened but every time a priest was ordained there was a power communicated as expressed by the Saviour, "whosesoever sins ye remit they are remitted, and whosesoever sins ye retain they are retained." As Dr. Hooker put it, words were to be taken in their plain literal and grammatical sense, unless there was something repulsive in Buch an inter pretation being put upon them—(Hear, hear)—and he believed the delegated power of the priesthood was derivable not by the will of man, but of God. As often as they showed forth the precious death of Christ they were doing on earth what he was doing in Heaven. He protested, as a good Pro testant was bound to, although he sometimes said he was not a Protestant—(Cheers)—against the fact that there was any new sacrifice, he pro tested against the sacrifice of the masses. He should ever maintain that as a priest of the Church of England he had received from the hands of the Bishop, the successor of the Apostles, the power and the gift not only to remit sins upon toue repentance—of course the sentence must be ratified in Heaven—not only so, but to give absolution to the poor penitent who came burdened with his sins, and laid them before him as a spiritual physician. This doctrine he should uphold as long as God gave him power to do it on earth. He believed further that when he was ordained he was bound to listen to any complaints brought to him, and to commu nicate ghostly counsel and advice to those who came to him burdened in their consciences. They were bound to visit from house to house, to search out not only the sick but the whole, and be faithful to their ordination vows in endeavouring to banish error of whatever form it was—(Hear, hear)—whether it came as latitudinariamsm or any other guise. They were not called upon to pitch into the Romanista alone, but into the others aa well. (Laughter.) They occupied a position be tween Romanism on the one hand, and Pro testant dissent on the other—to tell the latter of their errors as well as seek the conversion of the poor ignorant Roman Catholics as they were generally called, although, as far as his experience went, they were far better educated in the articles of their faith than the highly-educated Protestants. (Oh, oh.) They were bound in their capacity of priests to minister con tinually, and to devote themselves heart and soul, time and talent, money and everything else to the service of God. He did not wish to see this assembly turned into a debating class as to whether the doctrine of the Real Presence was taught in the English Church or not. He had stated what he believed to be the true doctrine, and he stood by and was ready to subscribe to the declaration headed by Wm. John Butlar, Vicar of Wantage. Mr. N. Blyth was much gratified at the tone which the discussion had taken throughout; but he must vote against the resolution on the ground so well put by Mr. Young. The time had not come for passing such a motion; although if any thing could have induced him to change his view on that point it would have been the remarks of the last speaker. He congratulated Mr. Pollitt in having obtained so stanch an ally. (A laugh.) If he thought his views were general he would sup port the resolution; but he did not think so. Personally he was as strongly hostile to Ritualism as it was possible to be; but he did not deem it necessary to go at length into his own views. In the Church of Eng land were collected men of a variety of different schools of thought—men who, while agreeing on the vital doctrines of Christianity, agreed to almost nothing else, and he believed he was speaking the views of His Lordship when he held that the limits within which the ministers of the Church should be confined in doctrinal matters ought net to be drawn too close. (The Bishop—"Hear, hear.") The same differences would be found in other Churches, so that their case was not a singular one. It was impossible that a faith moulded and tied down not only to run in one groove, but to have merely one form of expression, could be worthy of the name. With regard to the memorial which had been sent round for signature, he maintained that numbers of those who signed it did not at all under stand it—(Hear, hear)—and that it was quite a false step to adopt this course until the machinery provided for dealing with such matters had been availed of. It was very gratifying to him that they were able to discuss these topics in the spirit in which they had been discussed; and with regard to the Rev. Mr. Dove, he would say that if he did not derive improvement from all his sermons, the fault was in himself, and not in the rev. gentle man. He could only say that if his doctrines and practices in the Church were Ritualistic, he hoped they might be greatly extended throughout the land. The Rev. Mr. Green expressed his pleasure that his own little difficulties with his parishioners had been settled privately. He was not a Ritualist in the proper sense of the word, although called so by those who did not know better. Coming as he did from a Dissenting family, he felt the full benefit of belonging to the Church which included within its boundaries men belonging to so many different schools of thought The human mind was many-sided, and it must be approached through many different channels. He believed the views of Mr. Webb had been misunderstood, because the paragraph read by Mr. Farr was very different in its interpretation from what it was taken in con nection with the preceding paragraph, which ran thus:—"We repudiate all 'adoration' of the sacra mental bread and wine which would be idolatry, regarding them with the reverence due to them because of their sacramental relation to the body and blood of our Lord. We repudiate also all adoration of a 'corporeal presence of Christ's natu ral flesh and blood'—that is to say of the presence of His body and blood as they 'are in heaven.' " He believed there was not a member of Synod who would not give in his adhesion to the doctrine as thus extended. The aderation that was intended was an adoration neither of the elements them selves, nor of the corporeal presence, but of Christ present after a heavenly and spiritual manner, and therefore he did most heartily acquiesce in that expression of faith. With regard to the feverish restlessness which existed in England, he was delighted that some of it had come over the seas, and had manifested itself in the diocese. In reference to the forgiveness of sins, it could not be supposed for a moment that there was any inherent virtue in the priest, for the virtue was in the office. He should not hesitate to administer the power committed to him in this respect at his ordination. He intended for the future to have daily prayer in his church, and in regard to this resolution, he would say that it was impossible for the Synod to bind the clergy by it. He hoped the resolution of Mr. Hawkes would be carried, as he would be able then to point to it as a means of quieting the con sciences of any who might be otlended by the establishment of daily prayer in his church. He repeated the statement that the clergymen who were called Ritualistic here were second to none in their principles of loyalty to the Reformed Church, and the desire to make the people not only Christians, but Churchmen, for a true Churchman was a true Christian The Rev. H. M. Pollitt remarked that the motion had been misunderstood. It was not levelled against the practices of any in the diocese, but had been introduced by reason of the present aspect of affairs in England, and the fear lest such practices as prevailed there were introduced here. He believed there was nothing in South Australia which could be called Ritualism, and for himself he had kept clear of the memorial that had been sent round for signature, thinking the members of the Churches might be better employed. (Cheers.) His Lordship—That memorial is not before the Synod as far as I am aware. The Rev. H. M. Pollitt would not further allude to it, but must express his gratification that in the ministry and laity of the Church of England there were men who did not pronounce their shibboleth exactly alike. So long as the clergy could teach according to the Articles and Liturgy, it was a matter for rejoicing that they were not all of the same school. He believed, if the Synod were to affirm the motion that the rubrics of the Prayer-Book should be strictly ad hered to, it would be an easy way out of bickerings and strife. (Cheers.) If all were prohibited from going beyond the Prayer Book the great source of quarrel would be removed. Their differences would only then be concerning things of minor importance. He should gladly support both propositions. Mr. Thrupp regretted that the discussion had been made to assume such a personal aspect, and that many of the speeches should consist of the defence of individual clergymen and selfaccusa tions on the part of others. He should have liked greatly to have had the debate confined to a protest against Ritualism itself. It had been alleged that there was a difficulty in defining the term; but hardly one man had risen who had not shown clearly that in his own mind he had a well-defined idea of what it meant. It might be said that Ritualism was nothing else but the practices and doctrines of those who had dubbed themselves Ritualists. (Laughter.) For his own part, to give a concise definition of what he understood by the name, he should call it "infant Popery"—(Hear, hear)—and that was what was meant by the vast body of those antagonistic to Ritualism. To suppose that any one would object to daily services or weekly communions was simply preposterous. In England Ritualism, as regarded the laity, had been no doubt the result and reflex of the sensationalism of the period. That had displayed itself in almost every walk in life, and this was nothing but the sensationalism of religion. It was no use saying that it was not dangerous, jfor they had had abundant instances of those who practised Ritualism having gone over to Rome. (Hear, hear.) In its early development it was objectionable in two ways. Fiist of all, through it matters which ought to be viewed as of little or no moment had been brought into prominence at the cost of things of vastly greater importance. When their minds were drawn away from the all-essential truths of the Gospel and the all-essential points of their wor ship by insignificant matters, such as vestments and the way they should stand and turn under different circumstances, it became a serious con sideration. (Hear, hear.) But that was only half the evil, folr those who had brought forward these small innovations at the be ginning had made them the stepping stone to introduce other doctrines, and had based those doctrines on the formularies which in themselves were so trivial. Once having inserted the thin end of the wedge, the minds of the people were led away into the erroneous doctrines of the Romish Church. The ceremonies became to be viewed as symbols of these erroneous doctrines, lie was an indifferent ecclesiastical historian, but it was a fact that one of the objects in issuing the Prayer-Book was to suppress many of the cere monies and tendencies of the age in which it was written similar in their character to those now brought into notice. In the preface under the heading "of ceremonies, why some be abolished and some retained," appeared these words:—"Of such ceremonies as be used in the Church, and have had their beginning by the institution of man, some at the first were of godly intent and purpose divine, and yet at length turned to vanity and superstition; some entered into the Church by indiscreet devotion and such a zeal as was without knowledge; and for because they were winked at in the beginning they grew daily to more and more abuses, which not only for their unprofitableness, but also because they have much blinded the people and obscured the glory of God, are worthy to be cut away and clean rejected; others there be which although they have been devised by man, yet it is thought good to reserve them still, as well for a decent order in the Church (for the which they were first devised), as because they pertain to edifi cation, whereunto all things done in the Church (as the Apostle teacheth) ought to be referred." And regarding the ceremonies it was said:—"Some are put away because the great excess and multitude of them hath so increased in those latter days that the burden of them was intolerable; whereof St. Augustine in his time complained that they we re grown to such a number that the estate of Christian people was in worse case concerning that matter than were the Jews. And he coun selled that such yoke and burden should be taken away as time would serve quietly to do it. But what would St Augustine have said if he had seen the ceremonies of late days used among us where unto the multitude used in his time was not to be compared. This, our excessive mul titude of ceremonies was so great, and many of them so dark, that they did more confound and darken than declare and set forth Christ's benefits unto us. And besides this, Christ's gospel is not a ceremonial law (as much of Moses' law was), but it is a religion to serve God, not in bondage of the figure or shadow, but in the freedom of the spirit; oeing content only with those ceremonies which do serve to a decent order and godly discipline, and such as be apt to stir up the dull mind of man to the remembrance of his duty to God by some notable and special significa tion whereby he might be edified. Furthermore the most weighty cause of the abolishment of cer tain ceremonies was that they were bo far abused, and partly by the insatiable avarice of such as sought more their own lucre than the glory of God, that the abuses could not well be taken away, the thing remaining still." He felt, under the circumstances, thai it was then duty to echo the Bishop's Charge, and not to allow this, the second Synod since His Lordship had first referred to the matter, to pass without some dis tinct resolution expressive of disavowal and disap probation of the Ritualistic tendencies of a portion of the English Church at the present day. What he had feared when he spoke previously was that His Lordship and those who thought with him would try to put a stop to the discussion of Mr. Pollitt's motion, which practically differed little from that of Mr. Ibbetson. He did not quite coincide with the wording of the motion, but it would be well to carry it, for he believed it would check the spread of Ritualism, which, judging by one speech that evening, at all events, seemed to have made its appearance in the diocese. (Hear, hear.) It would also strengthen His Lordship's hands, and the hands of those who worked with him, in endeavouring to suppress these erroneous doctrines in any hole or corner in which they night have exhibited themselves. Of course, Ritualism did not hang upon one particular act, but as instances of the extravagances to which it would lead he might say that in one church in England a procession of ministers came all up the aisle to the communion table walking on their knees. (Laughter, and "Where?") He was not prepared to say where, but he believed this had actually occurred, and although the narra ion might create laughter at first, the true earnest Christian on reflection would entertain a very different feeling. At another church, during the performance of the communion, the leading minister stood with his back to the congregation and his hands spread out in the shape of a cross. On that occasion through some slight mishap a small portion of the bread fell to the ground, and thereupon one pf the clergymen went flat on his face and picked it up with his mouth. That was a fact, for his uncle had seen the occurrence. Preachers like these were calculated to drag the Church through the dirt, to lead to the abuse of religion, to bring it into contempt and ridicule —(Hear, hear)—and altogether to destroy the effect and intention of public worship. Throughout this Diocese there was a strong earnest feeling on the part of the laity against the intro duction of such practices, and a determination to oppose them in every possible way. Recently in the Church at Mitcham there was a vacancy, and the congregation with one voice declared that they would not have a Ritualist minister, and that if a Ritualist was appointed they would instantly leave the Church. He had been in formed of cases in which, persons had gone out of certain churches on account of the Ritualistic practices observed in them, and so feverishly excited were the laity on the point that they took alarm at the first symptons of this form of error. They were wise, too, for inch by inch it would grow. If winked at, as the Prayer-Book had it, it would, step by step, advance, and brine in all those abuses which were productive of so much evil. (Cheers.) Mr. Toms had been in doubt with regard to this resolution, as he had been in reference to the memorial, whether it would be right to subscribe to the sweeping charges contained in it, but in the main he could endorse it. He was deeply sorry that after the remarks of Canon Farr, and the clear definition he had given of real Ritualism, that one gentleman should have claimed to be a Ritualist and not a Protestant Were they not Protestants as well as Churchmen? He believed there were grave grounds for alarm. Within the last Sunday or two even persons had come to Trinity and asked that accommodation should be found them, stating that they had come be lieving that sound doctrine was preached there, whereas in places they had before attended some of the doctrines were not according to the teaching of the Church. In clear, forcible language one gentleman had that night stated his views, and claimed to be a Ritualist. The Rev. G. Dove—I claimed sympathy with Ritualism only—what you call Ritualism. Mr. Toms—I understood him to take the name of Ritualist. The Rev. Mr. Dove—No; I did not. His Lordship—At all events he has disclaimed it now. Mr. Toms—Then another has, with a great deal of bombast, expressed his views. The Rev Mr. Webb—I rise to order. His Lordship—I am afraid we are departing from that quiet calm tone which has characterized the debate. Mr. Toms was only a young member of Synod, and hoped to be excused; but from his position he knew that members were leaving other churches owing to what they conceived to be Ritualistic practices, and were asking to have sittings allotted them in Trinity Church, which was now quite full Mr. W. A. Cawthorne said there seemed no doubt at all that Ritualistic tendencies existed in the colony. When Mr. Young spoke he felt dis posed to regard Ritualism as something implying enlarged zeal, a pleasing sort of ceremonial; but the remarks made by three of the clergymen had opened his eyes somewhat. One rev. gentleman said he had sympathy with Ritualism. If so, he would soon love it and marry it forthwith. (Laughter and Hear.) When one clergyman said he regarded the doctrine contained in a certain was ready to subscribe to it, he wished to know where was truth and where was certitude. He felt inclined to go with Ritualism as mildly ex plained by Mr. Young; he detested it as explained by the Rev. Mr. Dove. He informed such clergy men that they had better form their own churches, and leave the Church of England. No man had a right to come into their Church, teach strange doctrine, endeavour to indoctrinate others with their views, and yet eat their bread and butter. He could not say who was right and who was wrong, but let these innovators build churches for themselves. How was it that these practices had arisen now? What had the Church been doing the last two or three centuries? (Rev. Mr. Dove— "Asleep.") And her awaking was to ecclesiastical finery and formularies, which had been unknown before. He protested against the Ritualistic doc trines being maintained as doctrines of the Church of England. He hoped the motion would be carried, and that this great heresy would be checked. The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat remarked that Mr. Cawthorne appeared altogether to have over looked Mr. Blyth's eulogium on Mr. Dove. He had refrained from speaking so far, because he considered it was the laity who should express their sentiments, the clergy having other opportunities of expressing theirs. He thought, however, some of the statements made, and especially those of the Rev. Mr. Webb, ought not to be unnoticed. He had stated that Christ in the elements was to be adored, and that the reception of the sacrament was not dependent upon the faith of the receiver. He would simply in reply to that read from the 28th Article—"And the means whereby the body of Christ is received and eaten in the Supper is faith." (Hear, hear.) Then, again, it was said "The Bacramest of the Lord's Supper was not by Christ's ordinance reserved, carried about lifted up, or worshipped." He knew that a quibble had been raised upon the words "by Christ's ordi nance," with a view of showing that it was still right that the sacrament should be reserved, and so forth, but that was merely a quibble. Then the 29th Article said, "The wicked, and such as be void of a lively faith, although they do carnally and visibly press with their teeth (as St. Augustine saith), the sacrament of the body and blood of Christ, yet in no wise are they partakers of Christ; but rather to their condemnation do eat and drink the sign or sacrament of so great a thing." He did not think anything that the Rev. Mr. Green had said at all altered the position of the Rev. Mr. Webb. The question was whether Christ was locally present. If He was, why should He not be worshipped? But the Article qualified the statement of His being present by the words "by faith." No Charge was more full of fallacies than that of the Bishop of Salisbury, from which the Rev. Mr. Webb had quoted. From the words "Do this" and the con nection of the Greek word "Poiein," he made out that "perform this sacrifice" was meant an inter pretation which the term would not at all justify. Then with regard to the position of the three orders in the Apostolical Church, bishops, pres byters, and deacons, it was important to note that the Greek word for sacrificing priest, "Jereus," was not used—(Hear, hear)—so that it was im posing on the ignorance of the public to say that he occupied a sacrificial position. (Cheers.) He believed this discussion would be productive of great unanimity of sentiment, and would give them some insight into what Ritualism was. To a large extent the discussion of the subject was needless by reason of the Mackonochie judgment, by which it was decided that any gesture or genuflexion, cere mony or ordinance, other than was authorized by the Prayer-Book, was illegal; and therefore if any of these practices were introduced here, the matter might be brought before His Lordship. With regard to the memorial which had been signed, he would point out that there were two modes of pro cedure to adopt before memorializing the Bishop. The first was to bring a charge against a particular clergyman, and try the question; the next was to debate the subject in Synod. It was unquestionable that matters had gone to a great length at home, Even the Romish phraseology—"Masses," and so on, were used; and the reason why the clergymen knelt and stood in a certain way received a peculiar significance when it was taught that the Real Presence in the elements was to be adored. (Hear, hear.) It only needed a little more time and a little more courage for the Ritualists to go the whole length. (Cheers.) Then there was a strong feeling against the idea of one clergyman, and he perhaps a young one, altering the whole character of the service. This had given rise to the "aggrieved parishioner" in the Report of the Ritualistic Commission in England. At home, in many cases where Ritualism was successful, the churches were not properly parish churches, filled by people living around, but by those from a distance taking a delight in such services. This put the churches in a very different position from those where no regard at all was paid to the wishes of the congre gations. The Bishop of Salisbury and others exa mined before the Ritualistic Commission all de clared that the utmost deference should be paid to the feelings of the people; and it was a known fact that most of the rectors and vicars still retained the old forms of service, the observances of Ritualism being chiefly confined to the district churches. The Church of England, it was to be remembered, was established under great diificul ties, and since its formation it had gone through two great revivals—the first in the time of Wesley, when the evangelical spirit which went abroad taught Churchmen how to preach; and the second at the time when Tractarianism took its rise, when Churchmen were taught how to pray. He had suffered too much from the duet between the clergyman and clerk system not to feel an interest in the inward movement which had taken its rise some time back; and although he had no sympathy with mediæval dilettanteism, he felt a great interest in the spread of education amongst the young, the increase of the services, the exercise of greater diligence in regard to parochial work, and the per formance of all things decently and in order. There was no Ritualism in these things, but the people had become suspicious of change because of the numbers who had gone over to the Church of Rome. He must express his bitter disappointment at the attempts which were being made to bridge over all distinctions between the English and Romish Churches; and he should vote for this resolution, believing that it would have a good effect, not only here, but at home, in showing extreme men that it was no use their coming to this diocese. (Hear, hear.) If the laity were true to their duty there was no reason for fear. The Rev. H. Read expressed his strong approval of the resolution, and remarked that in two words it could not be better defined than Mr. Thrupp had defined it. He was in the habit of reading the English papers, and he believed Ritualism to be a Jesuitical attempt to pervert and disturb the doctrines of the Church of England by introducing the doctrine of the Real Presence. This was the real gist of the whole matter. If they believed in this doctrine they were Papists, they were idolaters, and they were cursed. These were his views. Mr. Wiles wished to know whether the Synod were to vote on the doctrinal question, and whether it was so constituted as appropriately to pass a vote upon doctrinal points. His Lordship could only put the resolution as it stood. Each must judge of it for himself. The Rev. E. K. Miller supported the motion, but suggested, in order to obtain unanimity, the words "should such be introduced" be inserted after "tendencies." (No.) It was highly important that there should be unity in this matter. He advised the younger brethren in the ministry, who were disposed to introduce changes into the service, to look well at local results, and if they found that they caused the people to leave, to pause before insisting upon those changes. The Rev. J. Pollitt, in reply, said he had been exceedingly hurt at a remark of the Ven. Arch deacon Twopeny, implying that on the part of the mover of the resolution there had been defective teaching. He had been four times as long in the colony as that gentleman, and had never before had such a charge brought against him. The necessity for carrying this resolution had been abundantly shown. He strongly pro tested against the doctrine of the Real Presence being taught in Churches which he had striven hard in helping to raise. The Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny should be sorry to hurt the feelings of any one, but he maintained there would have been no cause for this resolution had those who entertained the same views as the mover not been defective in their teaching. They had discarded the Catechism of the Church because it did not accord with their views. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt—So far as I am concerned you are entirely wrong. His Lordship was deeply thankful that this discussion had taken place, and he assured Mr. Thrupp that he had been anxious to have it de bated. Had the Rev. Mr. Ibbetson commenced with some specification of Ritualism, and intro duced the subject in something the same shape as the present motion, the question might have been dealt with on his resolution. He hoped the Synod would affirm this motion. He believed it would do good, and would tend to check anything that was contrary to the doctrines of the Church in the teachings of any of the clergy. He hoped also that it would tend to prove that by Ritualism was not meant a de termination to carry out the daily use of prayer, and the more frequent commemoration of the Lord's Supper. (Hear, hear.) The Ven. Archdeacon Marryat had anticipated much of what he had in tended to say, and he was glad that he had called attention to the 28th and 29th Articles, which showed that there was no "real presence" in the bread, because it departed the moment there was a want of faith. Therefore it must be taken by faith alone, not eiven by the priest, but by the Great High Priest (Cheers.) If the doctrine of the 28th Article was adhered to no harm could arise, but for a clergyman to go on his face to pick up a scrap of bread was an evidence of an erroneous and superstitious Ritualism, which was therefore abominable. It was well known with regard to the 29th Article that Queen Elizabeth refused her assent to it for six years; but at last she had the wisdom to give way, and carry out the wishes of Parliament. It was upon that Article that a dignitary of the Church was found guilty by the Archbishop of Canterbury and a body of assessors, and but for some legal flaw the sentence would have been carried out. Something had been said about absolution; but the magniloquent grandiloquence made use of when tested amounted to very little. He had listened to the Rev. Mr. \Vebb's words very attentively, and he believed he did little more than other clergymen in that particular. It was strange, however, that servants of the God of Truth should make such a difficulty about words, for it seemed that they would drive a coach and six through the Articles. The doctrine of absolution he believed was very often misrepresented and misunderstood. This was the form of absolution, which might be used if the person dying, being desirous of quieting his conscience, wished it. "Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in him, of his great mercy forgive thee thine offences." (Mr. Webb—"Of course I never thought the priest did it.") After this preamble, after the forgiveness of Christ had been granted, it was a very safe thing for the priest to say—"And by his authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins—in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen." It was declaratory and not judicial. (Hear.) He repu diated any idea of sitting as a judge in this instance, Mr. Thrupp had alluded to a certain position in administering the sacrament as being super stitious, but really it was illegal. It was well known that there had been two Liturgies insti tuted in the time of Edward VI. The first di rected that the priest should stand afore the middle of the altar; by the second the north side was fixed upon: and the Act of Uniformity of Queen Elizabeth adopted that, and made any other ceremonies than those enjoined in the Prayer Book illegal. He thus gave his opinion on what was the true meaning of the Prayer- Book. He prayed God they would go out of that meeting with an earnest desire for God's glory and the welfare of their fellow-men, and with a determination to be united together within those limits of truth—large and comprehensive, but not latitudinarian; not embracing Romish error on the one side, or ultra Protestantism on the other—which were prescribed. Within this comprehensive sphere were embraced men of the greatest piety and learning, and he trusted that they would still go on as they had done —that they would still speak the truth in brotherly love, and he prayed that God would lead them into all truth, and would make them of one heart and mind. The resolution, with the amendment added as a rider, with Mr. Pollitt's consent, was then put. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson called for a vote by orders. The Rev. Mr. Dove withdrew, and on the names being taken the votes were found to stand thus:— Clerical members.—For—The Lord Bishop, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. Messrs. Farr, Green, Howitt, Miller, J. Pollitt, Field, R. Reid, Williams, H. Read, H. M. Pollitt, Ibbetson. Against—Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny, Rev. Mr. Webb. Lay members—Messrs. Thrupp, Birrell, Bath, Pope, Pritchard, Viney, Huggins, Bellhouse, W. W. BIyth, Meredith, Hawkes, Sherring, Toms, DeMole, Heathcote, Cooper, HowelL Thomas, Minchin, Douglas, Cawthorne, Burton, Young, Fullarton, and Lt. Duncan. Against—Nil. The Synod adjourned until next day at 3 o'clock. Fourth Day: Friday, April 30. There was a moderate attendance of clergymen and laymen. INCUMBENTS AND THEIR DUTIES. The Rev. George Dove begged to move— "That His Lordship the Bishop be requested to commission his Archdeacons annually to forward a list of questions to the Churchwardens of the different parishes enquiring into the way in which his Incumbents fulfil the duties to which they are pledged by their ordination vow." After a sharp discussion, the previous question, moved by Mr. Cawthorne, was carried, and the motion was not put. THE SYDNEY CONFERENCE. The Rev. Canon Farr, pursuant to notice, called attention to section 2 of the minutes and pro ceedings of the Bishops at Sydney, with a view to moving the appointment of a Select Committee to report upon it. The Committee was accordingly appointed, con sisting of the Lord Bishop, Archdeacon Marryat, Mr. L. W. Thrupp, Mr. N. Blyth, and the mover. REMOVAL OF CLERGYMEN. His Lordship stated that his remarks relative to the removal of clergymen from one cure to another had been misunderstood. He did not wish to restrict their liberties in cases of sickness or otherwise, but was only desirous that the con nection between the clergyman and his parishioners should not be too suddenly snapped asunder. (Hear, hear.) He wished before they separated also to express his thanks for their attendance, and his gratification that their discus sions had been conducted with bo much good feeling. He hoped their deliberations would lead to the promotion of the glory of God, and the welfare, harmony, and peace of the Church. (Applause.) The proceedings closed with His Lordship pro nouncing the Episcopalian benediction. The Synod adjourned till Tuesday, May 25, at 3 o'clock. MEMORIAL TO THE BISHOP AGAINST RITUALISM. For some time past a memorial has been in course of signature by members of the Church of England throughout the colony against Ritualistic practices. It emanated from a Committee of laymen, and on Wednesday, April 28, most of the signature-sheets having been sent in to the Secre ary, Mr. T. Ward, His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, who was attended by the Ven. Arch deacons Marryat and Twopeny, was waited upon at the Church Office by a deputation consisting of the following gentlemen, with a view to the presen tation of the memorial:—Messrs. J. P. Boucaut, K. A. Fiveash, James Huggins, W. S. Moore, and Thomas Ward. Mr. Ward having stated the purpose of the deputation, read the following address:— "May it please your Lordship— "We the undersigned beg most respectfully to land to your Lordship a memorial signed by 1,521 lay members of the Church of England, protesting against certain innovation) which have of late been introduced into some of the Churches in your Lordship's diocese. "In presenting this memorial we beg to profess our profound respect for the high position which your Lordship holds as the head of the Church of England in this colony, and to which Church your memorialists are firmly attached; and we feel every confidence that your Lordship will take action in a matter which we conceive so seriously affects its welfare. "The signatures would have far exceeded the present number but that some of your Lordship's clergy, holding views opposed to those of the memorialists, have taken measures for preventing members of the Church from signing. There are yet signatures to come in from some of the dis tricts, which will be duly forwarded. "Notwithstanding the difficulties with which the Committee have had to contend, we can assure your Lordship that from the large amount of corre spondence received from every part of the colony relative to this movement, the Committee are now fully satisfied that, with but few exceptions, they have the sympathy of the members of the Church of England extending over the whole colony. "We desire to call your Lordship's attention to the fact that in looking over the memorial, it will be found that in almost every district the Church Wardens and office-bearers of our Church have signed it. Signed on behalf of the General Committee, this 27th day of April, 1869. "Thos. Ward, J.P. "R. A. Fiveash, J.P. "John Cherry. "L. B. Mathews. "Jas. Brook. "W. S. Moore." The following is the memorial:— "To the Right Rev. Augustus Short D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide. "May it please Your Lordship — "1. We the undersigned, lay members of the Church of England in your Lordship's diocese, are desirous of expressing to your Lordship our deep solicitude concerning the well-being of our Church in this colony, on account of recent innovations by certain of the clergy upon the simplicity and beauty of the mode of public worship handed down to us byour Reformers. "2. we desire particularly to bring before your Lordship the urgent necessity of at once putting a stop to those Ritualistic practices which have re cently been adopted by certain of the clergymen of the Church of England in this diocese, and which we object to as directly tending to Romanism. "3. The social evils which follow in the train of all such tendencies on the part of the clergy are numerous and of an aggravated character, and we cannot but deprecate them. But the spiritual evils we feel to be even greater; they place the Church in danger of becoming again entangled with that yoke of bondage from which she was emancipated at the Reformation, and of losing that liberty we are resolved at all hazards to retain; and we now appeal to your Lordship to aid us in this effort on our own behalf and on behalf of thousands of our fellow-churchmen in this colony. "4. Your Lordship in a Charge has affirmed of Ritualism that 'it is designed to represent the ministering Presbyter in the character of a sacri ficing Priest; not offering with his people the sacrifice of praise to God, that is, the fruit of their lips, giving thanks to His name, but offering for them to the Father. Christ crucified on their behalf. It claims for the ministering Priest that he repre sents on earth the Great High Priest in heaven, who by one sacrifice perfected for ever them that are being sanctified. That sacrifice He indeed ever presents before the Throne of Grace; but the Ritualist not content to commemorate, plead, and appropriate its innumerable benefits, deems himself to present and offer that sacrifice at the Lord's altar-table on behalf of His people militant upon earth. He intends, indeed, no repetition of the me sacrifice at Calvary; but still he claims to offer rather than commemorate Christ's precious death on the cross. He intrudes himself, therefore, as a necessary mediator betwixt Christ and His wonhippers at the Lord's table. That ordinance is no longer solely or chiefly the communion of the body and blood of Christ; but becomes a pro pitiatory oblation on the Lord's altar.' Your Lord ship further pointed out that 'by vestments and lighted tapers ... and genuflexions the Ritualists imply a doctrine apparently identical in purport with the sacrifice of the Mass, which it was the first step in the English Reformation to set aside.' From such language as this we feel that we are entitled to conclude that your Lordship must view Ritualism as a system alike abhorrent to God and ruinous to man, and therefore one which must if tolerated, draw down a curse rather than a bless ing from Heaven upon our Church. "5. We cannot i ef rain from expressing respect fully our deep regret that holding the views you have thus expressed on the subject of Ritualism, your Lordship should have admitted into and or dained in this diocese clergymen whose leanings are Ritualistic and notoriously towards Roman practices "6. We are unanimously of opinion that a very large majority of the members of our Church in this Diocese are determinedly opposed to such tendencies; but were it not so, we would claim from your Lordship protection from what we cannot but feel to be an injustice done to us, since many of us have contributed largely towards the funds for extending and maintaining a system the very opposite to that which is gradually being forced upon us, and we greatly fear that unless your Lordship exercises your power promptly and unhesitatingly to suppress these objectionable practices a serious disruption of the Church must follow. "7. It is not our desire to bring any specific charges against individual clergymen, but we do earnestly beseech your Lordship to use your power to the utmost to rid the Church of the per nicious element which has been introduced into it; and, above all, to refuse in future to license any clergyman who will not disclaim all sympathy with the doctrines and practices censured by your Lordship in the Charge above referred to. "Your Lordship's faithful servants." After the reading of the address, the memorial not being read, as a copy had been forwarded.to the Bishop, His Lordship enquired by whose invitation the reporters were present. Mr. Ward said not by his. His Lordship—I do not object to it, but I want to know by what authority they came here. Mr. WARD—My Lord, allow me to state that the question was put to me by the reporters as to when the memorial would be presented, and I told them. His Lordship—I think it was your duty, Sir, to ask my permission for them to be present. Mr. Wabd—I beg pardon, your Lordship; I have not given them permission. His Lordship—You should have asked me, and you should have told me they were here by your implied consent. I again state I have no ob lection. Mr. Ward—I assure your Lordship I had no intention of introducing reporters, or wish to do so; but I must take my position? His Lordship—What was your position? Mr. Ward—As Honorary Secretary. His Lordship—Of what? Mr. Ward—The Committee. His Lordship—Who appointed you? Mr. Ward—The Committee. His Lordship—What Committee? Mr. Boucaut here said—As one of the deputa tion appointed by the Committee— His Lordship—What Committee? Mr. Boucadt—That I decline to answer. I say, with very great respect that Mr. Ward was ap pointed to ask you to receive the memorial— His Lordship—I want to know who are the Committee. This altercation with regard to the reporters was continued at great length. When it had been brought to a close, Mr. Huggins asked if the memorial was con sidered to be read. His Lordship—Yes. I have had a copy of that. Mr. Hoggins—I think it only right to mention that the fifth paragraph was struck out before we signed it. (In some sheets of the memorial the paragraph referred to was struck out and opposite to it in the margin was a memorandum stating that the officers of Christchurch, Kapunda, did not assent to that paragraph.) His Lordship—Then I only ask why I was not informed of that before. Mr. Ward—The signatures have many of them been only just sent in. His Lordship—I can only say you chose your own time. You (addressing the reporters) will take a note that that paragraph is struck out. His Lordship then addressed the deputation Gentlemen—Your memorial purports to come from lay members of the Church of England, and to speak on behalf of thousands of your fellow churchmen in this colony. It is strange, then, that no notice of it was taken at the late Easter Vestries of the several congregations. I am credibly informed in various quatters that it was circulated and signed by some who are not members of our Church; and that many signa tures were obtained under misconception if not misrepresentation. Passing, however, that by, as well as the allegations against myself in the admi nistration of my office, which insinuate that which is not true, I come to the substance of the memorial as it concerns the clergy. If there is any violation of the doctrine, liturgy, rubrics, or ceremonial of the Book of Common Prayer, I ask you to specify it and show how, as you insinuate, any clergyman by his vestments, lighted tapers, genuflexions, or any other ceremonial, hasbv im plication taught that "Romanizing doctrine" con demned by me in my address to Synod in 1868. But there are violations of the Book of Common Prayer and offices as well in defect as ex cess. I find no allusion to neglect of its directions, omissions of its services or parts of them, non-observance of the festivals set apart especially to commemorate the events of our Lord's ministry, disuse of daily prayer in the Church, and other matters of parochial duty. Justice should be even-handed, and if I am called upon to enforce the legal inter pretation of the Rubrics, the principle will have much wider effect than you seem to anticipate. Specific charges against any clergymen by his parishioners for violation of doctrine or rubrics, whether in excess or defect will be enquired into without delay; but vague assertions against clergymen who are not named cannot be dealt with by me, neither under my pastoral authority, recognised by my letters patent or the synodal compact into which I entered with the clergy and laity of this Diocese in 1855. You have heard my sentiments. I have expressed them fairly enough in the words I spoke last year, in the decision which has been come to in a particular parish dispute, and in my Charge yesterday. I can say no more than that if the memorial is to be published there is my answer. It was for you, according to what you say, to have taken put that portion of the memorial which is an insinuation against my honesty as Bishop. Mr. Boucaut—I am one of those venturing to sign the memorial without that struck out, but undoubtedly I would not have done so if I thought it was any insinuation against your Lordship's honesty; but I signed thinking it was not, and your Lordship will find many respectable gentle men have taken the same view. His Lordship—If you knew the circumstances in which certain clergymen came here eight or nine years ago you would know that I have no power at all. You don't know, and I cannot tell you, the relations existing between myself and my clergy. I have stated to the laity what are my views, and as an honest man I will carry them out If I had had this memorial sent to me before I should have been able to understand it better, but I have never seen the signatures. Mr. Ward—They have only just come from the country, many of them. They commenced coming in two or three weeks ago. His Lordship—Well, I have not had them. You named your day in the newspaper. Mr. Ward—We did not fix a time with your Lordship till you named yesterday. His Lordship—I am perfectly prepared to hear the opinion of the laity, and as far as honesty will allow me I will try to meet them. Mr. Ward—I am sure there is no intention or wish to annoy your Lordship in any way. His Lordship said they would not discuss the matter further; and the interview closed by his shaking hands with all the members of the depu tation, he observing that he believed them all to be Christian men anxious to maintain the truth, and he would see it done as far as he could. Public Meeting of Memorialists. A meeting took place in the Masonic Hall on Friday evening. May 7, convened by advertise ment in the following terms:—"Ritualism.— Gentlemen who signed the memorial against Ritualism, and whose sympathies are with the memorialists, are invited to attend a meeting at White's Rooms, on Friday evening, the 7th inst, at half-past 7 o'clock.—Thos. Ward."— A short time after the commencement the hall was quite filled. Dr. Forster was voted to the chair, and briefly introduced the business, which was further explained by Mr. T. Ward. The memorial and reply were read, after which Mr. Percy Wells moved—"That in the opinion of this meeting the manner in which His Lordship the Bishop of Ade laide received the deputation who presented the memorial against Ritualism was not such as to endear him to the laity of his Church, nor to in crease their confidence in his Church government." In the course of his speech he read a letter which he had addressed to the Lord Bishop protesting against his treatment of the memorial, and warmly supported the terms of the resolution. Mr. John Hamlin seconded, and Messrs. W. B. T. Andrews, W. A. Cawthorne, and T. Ward supported the resolution, which was carried with but two dis sentients. Mr. C. S. Hare then moved—"That the recent debate in Synod shows that that body is wholly incompetent to remedy the evil to which attention is now called, and is also incompetent to deal with the present crisis, and that it is necessary for the laity to take firm and independent action for the preservation of the Church of England in this colony." In a telling speech he inveighed against the course pursued by several clergymen of the Church of England in the colony. Mr. J. P. Boucaut in a well-digested and exhaustive address, seconded. Mr. Cawthorne, in supporting, stated that when the Synod reassembled he should be prepared to move that the Rev. Mr. Webb, the Rev. Mr. Dove, the Rev. Mr. Green, and the Ven. Archdeacon Twopeny leave the Church. Mr. Lucas supported the spirit of the resolution, and on the proposition being put it was carried with four dissentients. Mr. H. P. Denton moved, and Mr. W. M. Sandford seconded—"That it is desirable to form a Standing Committee for the purpose of opening communica tion with those who disapprove of the recent Ritualistic innovations, and a Guarantee Fund to assist in such measures as may be necessary." Carried unanimously. Mr. Boucaut moved, and Mr. Lucas seconded—"That Mr. Ward be requested to communicate with the Committee, and give effect to the resolutions." Carried. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chair man at 10 o'clock. CONGREGATIONAL UNION. Morning Meeting. The annual meeting of the Congregational Union and Home Mission was held on Thursday morning, April 29. A prayer meeting was held at 9 o'clock, after which the ministers, delegates, and othei members of the Union proceeded to the business before them. ROLL OF MEMBERS. On the roll being made up the meeting was found to be composed of the following ministers, delegates, &c.; :— Stow Memorial Church— Messrs. C. Smedley, M. Goode, A. Stow, J. Grosse, W. Palmer T Berry Henry Giles. A. Hay, H. Dean, C. Kekey, D. Adamson. and D. Robin. Hindmarsh-square— Rev. F. M. Cox, Messsrs. G Scrymgour, sen.. T. Reynolds, W. D. Allott, O. N Collison, John Stacy, Miller, and Bonnet North Adelaide-Messrs. E. A. Tarlton. J. T Bhawy er, J. M. Anderson, G. Phillips, H, Tite, A Jowie, J. Porter, A, S. Devenish, W. Shoobridue. i indT. W.Harris. , Alma Plains-Rev. W. Oldharn. Angaston-Rev. John Gibson and Mr. J. H. ' Ingas. i Gawler— Rev. C. J. Evans, Messrs. J. Davies and i 3\. Deland. Glenelg-Eev. C. Manthorpe and Mr. W. Parkin. Happy Valley-Rev. O. Hall and Mr. Klose. Hindmarsh— Messrs. J. Pickering, J. Vardon, IV. H. Harris, J. Aston, jun., and U. C. Thomas. Kadina-Rev. W. Wilson. Kapunda— Rev. Morgan Williams, Messrs. L/ewis and Small. Kensington (High-street)-Rev. H. Cbeetham, Messrs. Read and MoriU. Kensington (Clayton)-Kev. E. Griffiths, Messrs. 3\. P. Dooletteand G. Wood. Madaren Vale-Rev. James Howie and Mr. J. Brown. Milang-Rev. C. D. Watt Port Adelaide-Rev. M. EL Hodge, Messrs. O. P. Hodge, J. Bickers, J. Stone, and J. C. Ranford. Sahsbury-Rev. J. R. Ferguson. _ Members of the Committee — Messrs. W. C. Buik, J. M. Dowie, A. Gore, Geo. Scrymgour, |uq., and 8. Whitmore. Visitor— Rev. George Price. THE CHAIRMANSHIP. The Rev. James Gibson, Chairman of the Union, stated that the choice of a Chairman for the ensuing year fell upon the Rev. C. W. Evan ; but owing to personal affliction as well as family bereavement their dear and honoured brother was not able to be with them. He was sure ho expressed the wish of the Union when he said their hope was that in his absence his health niiuht be strengthened, and that the I Almighty might uphold him in his bereavement and bless him with the consolations of the Gospel. Under those circumstances he had to call upon the Rev. C. J. Evans, of Gawler, to assume the chair. On the motion of the Rev. F. W. Cox, seconded by the Rev. H. Chektham. a vote of thanks was tendered to the Rev. James Gibson, for his conduct as Chairman during the past year. The Rev. Mr. Gibson expressed his sincere thanks. CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman elect (Kev. C. J. Evans) having taken the chair delivered the inaugural address, which dealt in an able manner with the position and prospects of Congregationalism. The Rev. F. W. Cox moved a vote of thanks to tbe Chairman, a motion which was seconded by the Rev. J. R. Febuuson, cordially supported by Mr. A. Hay, M.P., and the Rev. M. WILLIAMS, carried unanimously, and acknowledged. UEI-OKTS. The Rev. F. W. Cox. as Secretary, read the report of the Committee as followB: ' The Committee appointed at the last annual meetiUK'. in resignhm the trust placed iu their hands, beg to present u report of their proceedings during the year just cIobciI, its well as some account of various matters of interest in connection with tbe body that have been brought before them, or have come under their observation during that inie. i ne commercial depression spoKen ot m the ast report has continued to be felt during the past ?ear, and has doubtless tended to limit the opera ions of the Society so far as relates to the Home Mission. Other adverse causes may have been in -peration. It is possible that many of the members )f the denomination do not feel that confidence in he working of the new organization which will ilonn secure literal contributions for its support. But however this may be, it is earnestly to be hoped ;hat they will shortly recognise the necessity of supplying this institution with an income ade mate to the cliicient performance of iU important ivork. ' Your Committee greatly regret to have to state that they have received the resignation of the Chairman elect, the Rev. C.W. Evan, who has been :ompelled to leave the colony for a time on account of the failure of his health, and who departed from these shores amid circumstances peculiarly nttlic tive and distressing, Mrs. Evan having in the dis pensation of God been separated from him by death a few days before his sailing for England. The Committee feel sure that this assembly will join them in the expression of the deepest sym pathy with Mr. Evan in these painful trials, and in uttering the fervent prayer that the Uod of all comfort will abundantly sustain him with the con solations of that Gospel which it has been his life's work to preach ; and in due time, if it seem good in His sight, bring him back with restored health to his Church and to his work. To fill the chair thus vacated, your Committee have nomi nated for your consideration the Rev. C. J. Evans, of Gawler, who has acceded to their request that he would occupy that position. ' Your Committee regret that through unfavour able circumstances the holding of the last half yearly meeting was omitted. Owing probably to the busiuess depression felt by alrnoRt all classes of the community, they did not receive the usual invitation from any country or suburban Church. In the face of this difficulty, as there was no pressing business demanding the calling of a meet ing, it was thought better to allow it to lapse. 'Your Committee have much satisfaction in reporting that the chureh at Shipley lias placed itself, with encouraging prospects of success, under the pastorate of the Rev. E. Griffiths, and in aliilia tion with the Church lit Clayton. ' Great difficulty has been experienced in dis posing in any satisfactory way of the Alberton Schoolroom. An offer has, however, lately been accepted by the Committee, in accordance with which it has been let at a nominal rent for two years, with right of purchase for £60 at the end of that term. ' The subject of a model trust-deed, mentioned in the report of the Committee of last year, bus not been overlooked. A deed has been prepared, with adequate legal assistance, on the basis of the model deed of the Congregational Union of Eng land and Wales. A nurnl-er of other model deeds having been examined, including that of the Vic torian Congregational Union-trom which last some useful hints were obtaincd- the additions and alterations required by the circumstances of this colony, and which otherwise appeared de sirable, were maile, and the Committee trust that this effort to settle the long-discussed and diilicult question of trust- deeds will meet with the approval of this meeting. ' The absence of two out of three of the minis ters of the Adelaide Churches calls fur Home remark. This meeting will miss their valuable presence, while the Committee have lacked, in one case for a longer, and in the other a shorter period, their help and advice. May they in due time be restored to the oversight of their Churches, tlutt they may resume the work of preaching the Word in this city, and assist in the councils and strengthen the hands of their brethren in the ministry. ' Since the last annual meeting the new place of worship erected by the Church and congregation under the pastorate of the Rev. M. H. Hodge has been opened in tircum«tanceR which call for con gratulation and rejoicing, the opening services hwing been ol a very satisfactory and encouraging character. 'A change has taken place at Alma, from which place the reports for the last two years were on the whole so encouraging, the pastor of the Church, the Rev. K W. Stephens, haviitfc left for Ooolwa. The pulpit is now occupied by the Rev. W. Oluhain. 'A letter has been received by the Committee from the Rev. A. Hannay, of the Colonial Missionary Society, dated March 21, seeking in formation respecting our proceedings, and ex pressing a desire 'to promote well-considered schemes for extension' amongst us. The Com mittee at once resolved to give the information ;ought and Mr. Hannay was informed that if any opportunity should occur the Committee would ivail themselves of the offer of the Society at borne. 'Your Committee have rendered assistance to the Churches at Port Elliot and Goolwa, under the pastorate of the Rev. John Hotham, by sending a lay preacher to the place on the tirst Sunday in each month, at the expense of the 8ociety. Since that arrangement has come to an end, the Com mittee have attempted to meet the exigencies of the case by introducing to the Churches there a young brother from the Primitive Methodist body —the Rev. George Price-as anifltant to Mr. Hotham in the ministerial work. He will shortly proceed thither; and if the arrangement is mutually agreeable, his studies will ho guided by Mr. Hotham. while hi* services will tend to lighten the arduous labours of that brother, and enable him to maintain the services of God in the town of Goolwa, where we have so long had a name and place. 'Your Committee have also the pleasure of re porting that a Church has been formed under very favourable auspices at North Rhine, under the joint pastorate of the Revs. J. Gibson and R. L. Coward. I 'In compliance with your request, a deputation, consisting of the Rev. C. Manthorpe ami the Rev. F. W. Cox, paid a visit to the Church at Kingston. Lacepede Bay. They found Mr. Milne had been labouring in the town and neighbour hood about seven years; tirst as an agent of the BubIi Missionary S- ceity, and sub sequently as Congregational minuter, afc the request of the residents and settlers. They were exceedingly gratified with the testimony tome to the uprightness and consistency of his Christian character, and felt perfectly justified in according him the light hand of fellowship, ana publicly setting him apart to the work of the ministry, assisting at his ordination as a Congre gational minister. ' Grants have been voted aa follows :— Milang, jCfiO; Happy Valley, £10; Encounter Bay, &c;, £50; Kadina, j£50- total, £200; but the amounts actually paid have been in each case for nix inontl.B only. The Church at Arma Plains has been able to do without the assistance of the Society. 'The following is a summary of the reports received by your Committee from three Churches and one station assisted by the Society, no report having been received from Encounter Bay :— ' At Hough ton tbe attendance has not been very satisfactory: but Mr. McEwin, who takes great interest in the station writes that it has been quite as good a«, if not a little better than, during the previous year. He also reports the Sunday-school as in a flourishing state, with 70 fcholam, and six male and five female teachers. In view of these facts, the Committee think this station ou-hk to be retained, although they at one tiin& feared that it would have to be abandoned. ' The Rev. C. Watt informs the Committee that the average attendance oa public worship on 8un davs at MilauK is 80. at Point Sturt 30. and at the Lake «L The Sunday-school work is hindered for want of teachers. The number of Church members at MilanB and Point 8turt together is 19. Mr. Watt adds—1 we hope we are progressing.' 'At Happy Valley the attendance is between 120 and 130. Then are 42 members, and the Sunday school has S3 children and 10 teachers. The Rev. C. Hall reporto that the minister's stipend has rather fallen off since last year; but he writes in cheerful and encouraging terms of the state of affairs in connection with the Church and congre gations generally. The contributions in aid of the preaching of the Gotpel have amounted to £119 2s. 3d. ' The condition of things at Eadina and Green's Plains is stated by the pastor, the Rev. W. Wilson, to be 'rather better' than last year. The atten dance on public worship is 180 at Kadina, and 35 at Green's Plains. The Sunday-school attendance is given as 81 scholar* and 13 teachers. The amount raised during the year was £217 8a. 9}d. A temporary place of worship hat been built at Green't Plains, respecting which Mr. Wilson writes as fol Iowb;— 'I had almost forgotten to advert to the recent erection of a humble but suitable sanctuary at Green's Plain*. It is built of pine and plaster, the materials which the neighbourhood affords. There is no debt remaining on this structure, and although it is only capable of containing about 80 worshippers, it will most likely afford sufficient accommodation for the residents in that neighbour hood for a few years. Services have been conducted in this building every Lord's Day since its opening on October Htn ult.. and the attendance on public worship, as well as the interest generally felt in it by the sparse population, has evidently increased since this date. ' Mr. W. C. Bunt, Finance Secretary, read a, statement of accounts, showing receipt! during tbe year from the various churches ana private Btdjf criptioni to the amount of £299 16i. lid., and au txpenditure, when all the grants Bhould be paid, ot The Rev. W. Oldham moved, and Mr. M. JopCE seconded, 'That the report be adopted tnd printed under the direction of the Com nittee.' A motion for the adoption of the report was arried. ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN. The Rev. F. W. Cox, who had been nominated by the Committee as Chairman for next annual meeting, was unanimously elected. APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS. On the motion of the Rev. W. Wilhon, seconded by Mr. It. A. Tarlton, the following oflicers were ippointed for the ensuing year :-Treaiurer, Mr. Alexander Hay, M P. Secretaries-Minute and Corresponding, Rev. C. Manthorpo and Mr. A. Stow; Finance, Mr. W. C. Buik. CommltUo— Rev. EL Cheetham, Rev. F. W. Cox, Rev. O. W. Evan, & A., Rev. C. J. Evans, Rev. 8. L. Harris, Rev. C. Manthorpe, Messrs. A. AdamBon, J, M. Anderson, W. C. Buik, J. A. Chartier, H. Dean, G. P. Doolette, J. M. Dowie, A. Gore, J. Grosse, A. Hay, M.P., Rev. J. Jefleris, Wm. Lewis. M.P., W. Palmer, Geo. Phillips, J. Pickering, J. Porter, Hon. T. Reynolds, D. Robin, (leo. Hcrvmgour, Ueo. Scrymgour, jun., J. T. Slmwycr, V. smedley, A. Stow, and S. Whitmore. PAPAL AGGRESSION. The Rev. Wm. Wilson moved:— 'That the Higns of the times clearly Indicate the necessity for a union of the Protestant deno minations of this colony with a view to the adop tion of such measures as may be deemed expedient for resisting the encrouchment of the Papacy upon the rights and liberties of the people, and espe cially for opposing the during assumptions ot the Jesuits m this portion of Her Majesty's dominions,' lie urged the importance of the Oongrcfmtionalists giving out a certain sound on this subject. Mr. C. Smedley seconded, and the motion was spoken to by tne Revs. Messr*. Wilson, Howie, and Manthorpe, Hon. T, Reynolds, and Mr. II. A. Tarlton. All the speakers expressed the greatest aversion to Romish doctrines, but it was thought better that a motion of the sort should not bo carried ; consequently, after being discussed, it was withdrawn. KDUCATION. The Hon. A. 8tow then read an excellent paper on 'Education,' which will lie found commented upon in another column. A vote of thanks wan passed to the lion, gentleman, ou the motion of Mr. A. (Jore, seconded by Mr. li. A. Tarlton. Ono or two other meinltcra of the Union spoke; but it was ultimately agreed that the discussion should he deferred until the Imlf-venrlv meeting. A L'ONGUKlUnON.a MAUAZINK. The Chairman stated that, at a meeting of niuiuters the previouH afternoon, it wim decided to :et the approval of the Union thai a magazine ihould be started in the colony, under the uditor ihip of the Revs. James Uiluon and Morgan iVilhttins, of which, in reply to enquiries, lie guvo lome particulars. After Borne deliberation, promises of support jeing given, the matter was referred, for final liscusBiou and action, to the Standing Committee, ;n connection with the rev. gentleman named. The meeting then adjourned. TUE EVKJilNH MEKTIN13. In the evening the usual ten and public meet ing was held in the Stow Memorlul Church. There was a moderate attendance at the tea, which was bountiful in quantity and excellent in quality. There was a better attenduueo at tho public meeting, which followed. Mr. A. Hay, M.I'., presided. The proceedings opened with singing and prayer. The Financial Secretary (Mr. \v. C. Buik) read the balance-sheet, which showed at that time a baliinco of Un. 7-I. in hum!. There was, however, a grant ol £15 due to tho Goolwa Church, and with ether sums this would raise the sum against the Society to about £20. The Rev. J. Gilwon spoke eloquently on the theme. ' Individual effort, the duty of every Christian. Mr. A. Gore next addressed tho meeting on tho topic, 'The Homo Missionary Society of this colony is eminently worthy of the most earnest support of all the Congregational CliitrchcH of this province.' The Rev. W. Wilson 'gave au address upon the following fmbject: — 'Tho tendency of the present uku to Liititmli narianism on the ono hand and Ritualism ou the other makes a demand on the unflinching Christian fidelity of all Evangelical Christians. The Rev. C J. Evans hud fur his topic—' The growing worldlincss of tho age needs the most sedulous watchfulness on tho part of the Christian Church.' Mr. C. Hmedlcy referrod briefly to tho following theme:— 'The Chrmtinti duty of each Church to labour for the evangelization of its own neighbourhood.' A collection wiiHiimile during, the evening, the proceeds amounting to jL'I) 17a. Ou the motion of Mr. Hmedley, seconded liy the Rev. Mr. Cox, a hearty vote of thiiiikn was acsorded to the Chairman, and duly responded to. The pro ceedings closed with singing and prayer. THE PRESBYTERY oFrToUTH AUSTRALIA. The annual meeting of the Presbytery of rioutli Australia was held in tho vestry of Flindun-Btrool. Church on Tuesday, thu 4th instunt. Thero vrero present— Rev. James (Jordan (Moderator), ami Revs. Messrs. Haining, Anderson, Lyalt, Law, Davidson, Roddick, Henderson, mill Macbcun, with Meusrs. Murray. Brown, Craigio, Cainuroit, Watt, Lyon, and Logan (cldcrx). The meeting was constituted by devotional services, and the minutes of tho previous iiiuctinu laving been confirmed, The Moderator announced that the period )-a-l irrivcd which, according to tho UBOgcM of tho Jliurch, closed his term of ollice. Jn u few suit ible remarks he referrod to tlio tmxt yeur, am) having thanked his brethren for their iiidulgenco towards him, nominated as his successor tho Rev. James Lyull, of Flinders-street Church, Adelaide. Mr. Lyall thereupon with the concurrence and congratulations of all present took his scut in tho Moderator's chair. The Court then proceeded to Qll up the ottice of Clerkship, left vacant by Mr. Lyall s elevation to the chair. It was moved,, seconded, and unanimously agreed that the Rev. Jumus Henderson be appointed to tho oillco ot L/lerkship. Commissions wore received from Mount Plea sant, Klintlers-Btreut, Aileluido, Mount liarkor, St. Andrew's, Adelaide, and from Chalmers (Jliurch, appointing Messrs. Shearer, Murray Lyon, Louun. and Brown as their respective Preubytury Elders for the ensuing 12 inontliH. The Educational Committee reported that they had held an examination of thu students at present under the care of J'ruHbytury, and had much satis faction in being able to speak vury favourably of their diligence and progress. The examination embraced theology, Church history, and lan guages. It was conducted with much luithfulnesa. was minute and Bearehiug ; yet the young men hud acquitted themselves in tiioao branches to tho entire satisfaction of the Committee, Tho report was received, and tho plan of study HUKgCHtvu by the Committee adopted. Mr. GoiiDUN reported his proceeding)) at (lulduti Grove in tho formation of u Church und the dis pensation of the Lord's Hupper there. Tlio report was received, and Mr. Gordon's procedure huh tained. A conversation of some length ensued in relation to the several preaching stations in connection with Presbytery, when Mr. Daviuhon moved— ' That tho several stations be instructed to Be ml in reports of their ntute and progress at ltmst ouce in six months, and that members of Prculiytery bo appointed in rotation to visit them for the purposa of encouragement and counsel, and report to Presbytery. The motion was seconded by Mr. Law, and adopted. Mr. Henderson was appointed to arrange for a meeting at Golden Grove, and Mr. Davidson was instructed to visit Ettrick during tho course of the next three months and report. A memorial from the Kapunda Congregation wan laid upon the table, praying that thu Presbytery might appoint one of their number to moderate in a call to a minister to lie their settled pastor. Messrs. Cameron and Adumson, Commissioners, were heard in support of the memorial, and after reasoning, it wag unanimously agreed to grant a. moderation, and Mr. Henderson wus appointed to visit Kapunda and take tho necessary steps in the* prosecution of the matter and report to Presbytery at its next meeting on Tuesday, 18lh inst. Mr. Uwdkmon reported favourably in rcspeoft to the work carried on at tho preaching Btatlou, u& Ardtornish. Report received, and Mr. liendertQir was reappointed to supply them for the next Uir«a months. a communication was read by Mr. BnowN. re «ived by him from Mr. Caldwell. Mount (Jambior, n i relation to the call lately addressed to him by j-nalmen Church. The communication wub ad Iressed To the Wders. Meml-ers, and Adherents -f Chalmers Church.' and informing them that ho iad decided to decline tho cull which they had iddressed to him. A letter wus also read by Mr. Henderson from Mr. Caldwell to tho same effect, ind, though not officially addrusned to him, it wan mken as indicating Mr. Calilwell'B mind, and tho ;all was regarded as declined, and net aside. Bytn jathy was expressed with the brothreu of ?/halmere Church in thia disappointment, and urrangements made for tho further supply of theic pulpit. A memorial from tho preaching Btation it Huburn was laid upon the table, calling atteiilion ;o their present atate, and soliciting the Preabilery ,o make arrangements, if possible, to visit that itation more frequently, und afford assktuica jhich at preBent wn» much requirod. M*. BaiMNKn and Mr. Waltehh, Commisalon«s! »ere heard n support of tho memorial. The Presbytery agreed to express unabated In ;erest in the cause at Auburn, and though unablo to engage in any practical scheme aa a Presbytery. »ould earnestly commend the mutter in the inean iimeto members of Presbytery individually; and Lhe hppe was expressed that the Presbytery might toon be m a position to afford more effective aid. One of the Theokwical Students appeared and read an essay on ' The Resurrection of Christ aa in JSvweooe;' which, after commendation, was BustRmeu. At this stage Presbytery adjourned to meet Wain at 0 o'clock, when they re&umed.; The Treasurer submitted his annual report,, which was adopted, and the Treasurer. Mr Murray, was re-elected for the next 12 months. Another Student of Theology appeared and ' «ad an essay, which, after very favourable critl'jim. was sustained. The Presbytery was afterwards engaged In con« sideriOB certain communications bearing upon the Smith Bequest,' and after transacting mm» routine business closed with tho benediction, to take part in the public meeting. In the evening a public meeting was iwJd in tho Flinders-street Church. There was a targe atten dance, and the Rev. J. Lyall presided. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. James Gordon on. ' Ritualism;' the Rey. Mr. Duvison on 'The importance of an intelligent acquaintance with tho great questions at isauo between Popery and Pro testantism;' the Rev. J. Macbean, M.A.. on, .iS8n'UTwIlB?ni 'HI1 ',he Kev- J- Noddies; on, 'Christian Missions' li »*? Htated that the amount raised towwda the New Hebrides Missiort would be probably made up to £100. FEEE PRESRYTERUFCHURCH OF SOUTH _ _ , AyolUALIA. The Piosbytory of this Church metftt Aldtam. on Tuesday, May 4. at 10 o'clock sb'«4»S E«fcsw fii^te febXJ»feveVW,«S effect that n 18s. ljd. fid heS «ouS toSidS T^L'1 J°a Hi0 erection ol a ehurch at Gani Jems had been handed over to him ThS a former Treasurer of Committee therZ' The sessional record, of the Ohurchw within thV bound! were called for and produced 7 M Inutes « ' with the other studente, and received torn the Moderator some, suitable advice and direction in the prosecution -of their studies, Presby tery then took into consideration the de sirableness of drawinjt up a digest of rales and forma of procedare for the information of the membership of the Church. The. Clerk was in structed to give hU attention to this matter, ana make progress reports, which he engaged to do. After the transaction of some routine business the Pr&jbytery; adjourned. 