PRINCE ALFRED HOSPITAL BALL. A fancy ball, in aonnootion with the Prince's visit, was held at the Exhibition Building on the 5th March. Admission was by ticket, and the proceeds were given to the funds of the hos pital as a thankful commemoration, of Prince Alfred's escape from death by the -assassin's ballet. A fancy ball is always popular, for three, reasons — it costs money, it gratifies tho most powerful of all 'human 'passions, ''?vanity, and it is~ uncommon. Tho birth place of ? the bal costume was Italy, but it flourished as i well, if not better, when transplanted to the soil of Franoe. In the .days?: when' masks were common, and ! rapiera ' unpleasantly . ready, when Coant Strada del Bnbbuina, returning .home with his friends Piazza da Spogna and Porto del Popolo, was met- by armed masked men, and notwithstanding a stout defence with sword and dagger, was incontinently stuok through the brisket and hurled into the Tiber ; in the days when Booaooio lived the stories he told, and Beatrice hunted Benedick from pillar to pillar, until like the fabled nymph and god, the twain beoame two streams of poetry running through English literature for ever ; in the days when the brilliant Borgiaa ruled the world, and men drank delicious death from the poisonous lips of the fair Luoreoe, — those were the days when the masked ball was in its glory. Do you remember, in the old French chronicle, how, in1 a masked ball, the Soots knight Sir.Patriok Cunninghame danced with a fair dame of .stately stature, and how, warmed with wine and love, ho kissed her fair hand, and vowed to lpye her always ; ' and how, when midnight tolled and the masks were removed, Sir Patrick .found that he had dared to whisper love to Queen Margaret of Navarre ? He was banished for the crime; though, if all tales be true, La Beine Margot was not always so hard upon her lovers. In those days, when Elizabeth reigned in Eng--i land, with Shakspeare and Ben Jonson to write plays and masques for her ; when withered Catherine, the poisoner, had her secret cham bers in the Louvre, and Charles licked the deadly parchment intended for his brother; when Huguenot masasorcs were the fashion, and -fair women- fired from windows at blood dabbled- wretohes. flying for their lives below ; in the days? when Shakspeare wrote and Mary loved, and Raleigh adventured upon foreign foam to find the Eldorado— in the glorious Elizabethan era — that was the palmy day of the bal masque ; but it did not lose much either when the second Charles swaggered into history,, or , when Louis reigned in Franoe. .Many a merry maBque had . Buckingham, Rochester and ? Killigrew, and the fanoy ball given by Col bert's predecessor to Louis was among the nota bilities of that notable time. In a few years more the days will degenerate. No looger will men drop dead at a masquerade from the keen perfume of a poisoned glove ; no more will gal lants like Boissy. D'Amboise twist cloak round arm, and tarn on the yelping orew of assassins like a wolf at bay ; no more resounds mirth at courtly Kenilworth ; dead are the lights that lit the corridors of Whitehall, and shone red and sullen through the fogs of Alsatia. There comes a long interval of fifing and dramming, and beating to arms, of Orange William (Macaulay-magnified), of politics and rebellions ; meanwhile over the water there is revelling enough, petite soupers innumerable, balls, danoings, fintings, and piping of shepherdesses, not artless altogether. Skip we to the reign of the Georges. High-heeled shoeB, patches, hoops and powder ; and now behold mas' qaerade-Frenoh-polished returns to us again. It was after a masquerade that that notable quadruple combat was fought in the Park, which resulted in the souls of three brave men going shadewords. It was after a masquerade that the poor lord — Hogarth — a la mode married, burst in the door of the bagnio, and spurning his unhappy wife, flashed steel at Silver-tongue, and when the fatal thrust had stretched him dead, the frightened watohmen found on the floor at his head a mask blood- splashed. It was after a masquerade that the lawless lord and his swern swash- bucklers attempted to carry off the actress, defending whom poor Will Mount ford, the player, met his death at rapier point. But why multiply in stances. There are ten thousand reminisoenoes of costumed balls to feed our thoughts upon. Was it not at a ball at the CEil de Bauf that the splashed king's page brought news of revolu tion rising? Was. it not at a masqned ball that the swern assassin struck at Orleans with erring hand ? Do you remember that awful picture — history of a life time — where the quarrel at the bal-d'epora has resulted in a duel, and' poor Pierrot lies dead in the snow, fugitive seconds looking baok stealthily? What horror can we get out of a fanoy ball in these times ! Even Paris — brilliant Paris — votes them dull. The bal-d'qpera is nothing but an orgie now. The first set of quadrilles was led off by Mr Butters and Mrs Blair, with Dr. Crofts and Mrs Butters as their vis-a-vis, shortly after nine o'clock, when the hall presented a some what empty appearance compared with that on the opening of the last fancy ball, nor did the present gathering ? ever approach ' that in brilliancy. The music was provided ? by Chapman's band and the bond of the 14th Regiment, the dances following each other in quick succession. The only matter for disap pointment in connection with the affair was that H.R.H.the Duke of Edinburgh did not pay the ball a visit— at least, officially. Rumors were afloat that he was present in disguise, as a Bailor ot the Galatea ; but it is extremely im probable that suoh was the foot. In England a fanoy boll is grotesquely un grotesque. The oharaotera look rigidly proper, despite all efforts to be wild, jocose and hilarious. The sight is curious because of its simplicity. It is a lame nightmare. The English character will not admit of gaiety and license. At those miserable collec tions of incongruities, with whioh Jallien gal vanised the Hay market quarter, one saw nothing bnt hired absurdities ; tho fun was dismal. The shopboys and gents who paraded the plaoe seemed ill at ease in thoir unaccus tomed costume, and dancod not, whilst the gaiety was for the most part confined to that hideous metallio laugh that sounds to those who have heard it often, liko the ring of a die thrown by the evil one for some staked Soul. Among respectable people, again, tho bal costume is \regarded as 'a wild Bohemian feat, a delioions \ breach of 'all' rales of etiquette, a temporary flinging off of the trammels of sooiety. It is looked forward to for days ; young ladies begin to cherish hopes of dresses skirt- curtailed, and delicious dreams of allegorical costume. But when the time approaches, all does not seem so rose colored. Gentlemen begin to have qualms about their legs, and ladies about their back-hair. The patting on of quaint and curious costume iB attended with strange results. You may tell each man's character by his costume. Little Cellargills, who thinks he has a turn for acting, has gone as Paul Pry — big umbrella, boots, wig, all but wit, complete. Tall and commanding Dazzteton, who once held a commission in a ca valry regiment, has gone as Paul Clifford, and claps his hand incessantly on his sword hilt. Haokabout, the journalist, has put his earthly tenement into a dress of Raffael, from out of whioh the mediocre Hackabout-ian soul looks wonderingly. Flummery, the actor, has gone as Benedick with a cloak, because the dress hides his neok, which is bad, and shows his legs, whioh are good, and whioh he has flourished triumphantly through half the plays of Shakspeare. Stigginton, who is a saving man, has appeared as a Turkish Paoha (blue coat, black trowsers, red cap), and Jawinton, who is the vainest man (next to Flummery) in the city, has paid £150 for a Cundiote costume, embroidered with silver, and is eating his heart because Truanfest, in his shabby uniform of Captain of Spahis, is mere admired. The ilights pale, the wreaths are awry, the flowers droop, the fair faces look wearied. 'Fortunate few who have carriages in attendance. Un lucky many, who are compelled to walk through inhospitable 'streets, , be-hooted and be-run after by sardonic urchins who have waited all night for the pleasures of that half hour,! Home at last. To see a foolish face , in' the glass— a faoe that has a haggard consciousness that all is dust and ashes, espe cially fancy balls. Yet not all perhaps. Some people .enjoyed themselves doubtless. Lady Jane Grey and the Ethiopian serenader for in stance., : ' - , ' Tho custards fell untouohed upon tho floor ; ' ; HIb eye«' met hers. That night they danced na ? more.' / . . ; , . ? . ? ? And Cleopatra- beoame a mother-in-law. . ... 1 Let us now glance at the costumes of some of the fair guests.' Mrs J. S. Butters appeared in a magnificent and altogether new character, that 'of Photography. This has ' not 'been attempted before- in the colony, and* is only another laurel added to her taste in -. fanoy ? dress. The - Press and The Mirror have not been forgotten, and we think the last equal to either- ot the others. The dress consisted of rich white moire antique, trimmed with blue satin and silver laoe and decorated with photographs of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, the hon. Eliot Yorke, Lieutenant Haig, the commander,- and many of tho officers of the Galatea ; alsa their Excel lencies Sir H. T. Manners Sutton, Sir Charles Darling and Sir Henry Barkly, their Honors thn Judges, and a host of public men. Mrs Dobbs, of South Yarra, has the oredit of providing this supurb dress. The ooronet was of silver, with photographs of H.R.H. in the centre, on the right his Excellenoy the Governor, and his Honor Sir Redmond Barry ; on the left Sir Chas. Darling and Sir Henry Barkly. This was made by Crisp, of Queen-street. Miss Joyce represented the May Queen, while Mrs Dr. Fulton was Maid of Honor to Queen Philippa. Miss Ser vice was habited as Spring, and' Miss Stafford represented the graceful Vivandiere. A Russian female was impersonated by Miss Hy. Clark, and Miss Ellen M'MulIen ' a Lady of the Neighboring Land of Fin. Miss Cameron was a Mexican lady, and Miss Paton a Spanish ditto, while Mrs D. Martin was a lady of the time of Soottish Qaeen Mary. Miss M'Mallen represented Byren's Zuleika, and Mrs M'MulIen was a lady of rank of the year 1595. Mrs John Camming appeared as a Scottish lady of the sumo period. Mr Carrie represented a nobleman of tho 14th cen tury. Mrs W. Porter, grandly dressed as Donna Isabella of Spain, in a blue satin train, trimmed with handsome maltese laoe flouncing, beaded with gold lace, a bodioe of blue satin and bertha of maltese lace, richly trimmed with ' gold and lace. Bnt we forgot the tunio, of blaok and gold blonde, festooned with gold laoe. Head dress, Spanish comb, spangled fall, moHnted with soarlet and gold roses, in a fine gold chain and cross and any amount of diamond jewel lery. Christmas appeared in Miss GibbB, or rather Miss Gibbs as Christmas, in a white silk slip covered with tulle, festooned with wreaths of holly and ivy, a tulle veil covered with snow flakes, a head dress of holly berries and ivy, _ and ioicles with an emblematical robin on top. Annie Laurie, nee Miss Jessie Gibbs, had on a tucked skirt of Swiss muslin, trimmed with tartan satin, rich ditto scarf, and a Glengarry cap with thistle and feather ornaments. The unlucky seanymphti-alateaappeared in the shape of Miss O'Brien, prettily, though not classically dressed, in a white silk slip, anchors of scarlet velvet, three green bullion tunics, covered with silver shells, oorals, seaweed and other marine nondescripts ; green tarletan bodioe, with coral and silver fringe ; a ceinturo, whatever that is, ' of white silk, and a profusion of emeraldB and silver and boots, porhaps sea-boots, of scarlet satin, ornamented with silver. Miss S. O'Brien, alias the Lady of Athens, wore a short skirt compounded of divers-colored satins, an amber satin scarf, decorated with gold lace, a spencer bodice of cerise silk, gold and laco trimmed, satin pantaloons trimmed with swansdown, a cap of cerise satin ornamented with gold gimp, stars and tassels, satin boots. Mrs Horsfall as a Spanish lady of rank, woro a handsome blaok satin dross, and with scarlet satin and silver lace trimming ; square body, . white satin-bound tulle puffings, with scarlet and silver .trimmings ; head-dress, Spanish coral, real lace fall, mounted with scarlet and crys tallised roses; jot necklet, cross, and earrings, and any quantity of jewellery, scarlet satin boots on her feet and silver ankles — we beg pardon, anklets. Mrs Roberts wore an elegant court dress, black velvet train, over pink silk slip, hair powdered and ornamented with a plume of feathers. Miss Brophy, a Frenoh grisette, was prettily and simply dressed. Mrs. Lintott, a Qaeen of Spades, wore a soarlet cashmere tanio over a velvet skirt, with gold braid, crown trimming,- and a tulle veil. Miss Atkin had on a novel costume, very like that of Madame Celeste's character of Miami, the Huntress of the Mississippi, con-, sisting of a soarlet tonic aud green skirt. Miss Walker appoored in a Polish costume of white silk, tunic trimmed with ruby velvet, jacket trimmed with gold laoe, and cap of velvet. Mrs Sirr, as the representative of the historical Lady Teazle, exhibited rich blue moite antique train, trimmed with ' laoe, powdered hair, with pearls and pink roses. Mrs Gemmell, as Town, wore a white ohene silk dress, trimmed with rose-colored satin, powdered hair, and flowers. Mrs Carrie personated that despotic sovereign the Queen of Hearts ; she was attired in a green silk dress, with fold of blaok silk, edged with gold lace, and orna mented with crimson hearts; a coronet of gold hearts, with necklets and armlets to match. Mies Gardiner was an English peasant girl ; her dress was composed of two skirts, an upper one of soarlet and another of green, soarlet bodice' ornamented with wild flowers, and hat trimmed with the same. Mrs Messenger, as beautiful Night, wore a long black silk dress and bodice, a silver coronet and long fall of black tulle, riohly spangled with silver. Mrs Stanley 'ap- peared as Amy Robsart, and was attired in a long train of light-blue satin, ornamented with ? silver lace, the underskirt of white satin, ' handsomely trimmed ; deep ruffles of cambric, and lace ronnd the nook. Mrs Milne, as a columbine, wore a pretty dress composed of a ? white skirt, frilled and ornamented, with gold bands, 'and trimmed with .various colors ; a blaok velvet bodice, ornamented' with, gold and a wreath of Mowers with long end of gold lace. Mrs Blair, as Undine, appeared in a green tar latan' dress of three skirts, over white silk, looped in an 'elaborate manner with ' marine plants aud corals, ornamented with gold, and silver fish, with an attractive wreath of coral, sea grass, sea. weed and 'pearls, a, necklaoe of pearls, and bracelets of brilliants', corals and shells. Mrs Lnlman, as a lady of Persia, was attired in a green silk Zouave jacket, braided with roses; full white stomacher' and loose hanging sleevex, each braided with, gold; tunio, purple silk, with Persian key worked in gold, &o.;, velvet cap of same, color.' Miss Prender, as Undine, wore a pink Bilk under skirt, over a green, tarlatan, puffed and spangled, ornaments of shells, seaweed, and pearls ; head-dress of coral, Bea weed, and shells ; hair waved, bronze boots. Mrs J. D. Sherry, as Winter, wore a frosted tulle dress covered with snow-flakes, trimmed .with holly and orystal,' robin red- breast on shoulder ; head-dress,' wreath of holly, hair frosted. Miss Downie, as the Princess Violet, wore white under skirt of scarlet velvet, peplum riohly trimmed with gold ; cap of the same ; hair dressed with pearls and gold ornaments. Mrs,Greenlaw, as the much-adored Annie Lmrie, was attired in a white cashmere skirt, trimmed with tartan satin, hat trimmed to match, and a handsome tartan scarf thrown over the shoul der. Mrs Croaker represented Winter, and was dressed in an under-ekirt of light blue silk, over which'waB a frosted tulle skirt, trimmed with ioicles (not real). Mrs Downie wore a very elegant dross of lavender moire antique, handsomely trimmed with guipure laco and scarlet velvet, coral and white flowers. The. following is a list of the company : — F. Atchiaon, Garlbaldlan Voluntoor; Mr Alexander, Bo bort Adams, Oliver Oomwoll; Mrs Robert Adamv Kathorino of Arrogan ; Mra Alcock, Spanish Lady ; J. W.-M. Altkon, Windsor Uniform; Miss Alston, Flower Girl ; Mlsn J. Allan, Spanish Gitaiil ; Mrs I/. Alloo, Court Lidy 14th Contury ; H. Allen : Mri Allen, Wuttoau ; MUs M. Allen, Apollo : Mrs Goorgo L. Allan,|\ViHlor ; MrQoorgoL. Allan, Spanish costumo ; E. Adot, Esq.; Mr Alo ck, Tyrol eso coBtumo ; Mrs Attonbury, Midamo de Maintonon ; Mr Aloxandor, MurouUo Kentloman ; Mrs Abbott, lady eighteenth century; Miss Abbott, Flower girl; R. Maine Abbott, an Abbott. ; T. Y. Anderson, Coun cillor's costume ; Caleb Anderson, major Prince of Wales V.V. Light Horao ; Mls3 C. Atkins, Miami, Huntress of tho Mississippi ; p. A. A(rnew ; Mi»s Afrnos Allan, Lady of Athens ; Mr J. Ackmann, Esq., evening drees; AsoherberK, Mike Eooney ; Dr. Avont ; A. Anderson ; J. O. Anderson, Ka'op, Prlnco of Astrakan ; D. Abbott, evening coa tumo; B. O. Asplnall; Mrs B. O. Asplnall, Ml a Aako, Spanish Qitano. Mra Honry Bonnott ; Mrs Alexander Britton, Flora ? Aloxandor Britton ; Capt. John Buchan, V.V.H.; Miss E. Burphy, Lady Gay Spanker ; Mra T. K. Bennett. English peasant girl; MIbh Bakor, Pomona; T. If. Bonnott, Harry Hotspur ; Miss Bonnott, Swiss Cos tume ; Honry Bonnott, Albanian Poaaaut ; William Benson ; T. I. Brady, KusBlan Nobleman : J. O. Bon nett. Sir Peter Toazlo; Miss Barkor, Camolla: Mr Goo. Browne, Earl of Loicestor ; lira Borne (Walsh Brothors), ovonlng dress 19th contury ; Mrs J. Bell man, na Mrs Pugo, from Shakxpoaro'a comedy Mr iiorno (Wal«h Broth«rs), evening dress 19th contury; J. S. Butti-ru, Highland olilef tnln ; Mrs J. S. Buttors, Photojjraohy ; H« H. M. Blndon ; J. M. Barry, aportsman ; MisaM. A. uroomflold, Spanish Gltuna ; John Bush, E»q., Antipholus of Anabonia ; SJiia Brontuni, Amlna (Son nambula); Mri Jobn Blair, Undine ; J. L. Bnllnn tyne, crlokotor; Mlaa Mary Brown, Groclan shep herdess ; W. Mooru Boll, Esq., Charles II.; Mr L. U. Ball, Lord Darnloy ; W. Booth, evoninir dresa; Major Bakor ; Dr. Bird ; Miua Elizabeth Burrows, Ccoilla ; John Boswioko, Ingo ; C. E. Bright ; James Bruoo ; Mrs Borncastlo, ovonlnc dresa ; Dr. Borncastle, Knight Crusador. year 1190 : Mlis Boyd, Swiss poamint; Tho». Boyd, Esq., ovonintr dross; Hon. J. B. Builoy, Albaniin costumo; Coptain Bauro, Royal Navy ; Mrs Bonnlo, Lady of tho Lake ; MIbs Balcombo, Night; David Braham; Mr and Mra Phillip Brodlc, evening contumo ; Mia a Ban nott, court lady, Goonjo III. ; Mrs Richard Brown ; John W. Brougham, evening drees ; C. B. Bond, gontletnan ninoteonth century ; Mr K. G. Bjn«on ; Mr D. Bunn ; Mr Brush, ovoninjr dross; Mra Brush, ovoninj; dress; Thos. Byrne, huntor; Mrs B. O. Bunson ; B. Blaokvcoll, Louis dol Fr«nchl, Cormcan ; MrB Gcorgo Bovan, Vivandloro ; Goorgo Bovan, voluntoor artillery ; Miss Bloomflold, lady of tho 18th contury ; Miss Buddon ; Alfred Boon, Claudo Molnotto ; W. Burt, Hptnlph poaaunt ; W. 'Wrlxon Bltkmyre, Cambridge University Bowing Club; Mra Jno. Barkett, Turkish lady ; John Bishop, Hamlet ; Q-. A. Brawn ; Brophy, a French grlaetto ; ChurloB Bright ; Mrs 1-. Bunn ; Jas. Bailey, Eugono do Lormo ; Jno Bunkett, Esq., ovenlng dreaa; Arthur Bally; Mrs K. Bowman, Polish poaaant ; Mr R. Bowman, Spanish matador: F. Braham ; Miaa Baxtor, Ohrlstmis ; W. O. Blddlo, a Burnesflelden ; E. V. Browne, a Two-year.old ; Mr S. H. Banks, Volunteer officer r-f 19tn century ; MIbs \- Carrlo Blddell, Ariel; J. C. Brown, Abdel Khan, father of Mazeppa ; MIbs Emily Budden, Swlia p»&- eant ; S. E. A. Brown, Swiss flower girl. Miss Oharabern, Bomta peatant ; Charles Crooke, Night in the East ; Robert Crooko, academic drosi ; B. J. Curtain, Sellra ; Miss Garter, evening dress ; Mrs Con way. Daughter of the Bogimont; 'W. Coltay, Turk; W. }. Cowoll, gentleman rider; P. Carter, a student of the Melbourne University ; Mr D. J. Came ron, M«s»nlello ; Mrs D. J. Cameron, Mexican lady ; Mr A. J. Ctrson ; Mr Fortoscuo Croft, ovonlng dress ; Mr P. B. Curtain, chimoior Spinlih muleteer; Miss Cameron, Colleon Bawn ; Mr Dancan Clarkn. volun teer uniform; Mr Clnrke, evsnlng dreBs; Mr John Clarke, B. A. of Melbourne University; Mr E. Crooks, Windsor uniform ; Mrs E. Crooko, fnlry dress ; Miss Ooombos, * a ro«o bud ; 'W. Chambers, captain's unlforn; Ml«s F. Clarke, qneen of the falrits; A. E. Clarke. Fro. DUvolo; Mrs 10 len Cromey, DulcInU del Tobono ; Mrs J. J. Casey, Helen Macgragor ; N. J. Casey, Grecian phlloiopher ; Mrs Goo. Ohtsholm, night ; O. K. Chapman, Vic torian stock rider ; Mrs Goorgo Ohiaholm, chtractor, night : Mrs Carter, Snow : Mrs 0. Croaker. Winter ; Mr O. Croaker, evening dresa ; DO. Campbell, Esq , Matador, Spanish bull Baiter; Carlo Cossln, Vice-consul for Italy; John Currie, nobleman of the 14th century; Mrs John Cunio Queon of Hearts ; hon. J. J. Casey, Bob Boy ; M A. Oleary, Garlbatdlan officer ; J. Church ward. Monk of the Screw ; Miss E. J. Campbell, the Wild Flower; J. Croft, Naples fisherman ; E. P. Cutter, a sailor ; Alfred Cornwall, Ctptaln volunteer rifle brigade; Mrs A. Cornwell, evening dress ; B. B. Chambers, marlno engineers; J. Cooper, Con sular ualform ; N. GhevMier, Esq., evening dress ; Mr W. P. Corooran ; Mrs W. P. Corcoran ; — Gumming, Esq., a Turkish officer. William Cain, Oliver Goldsmith ; Crooko, jun., mid shipman; J. Collins, Spanish muleteer ; O. Candler; A. H. Cooper, eojourmr from the Eant; Mrs J. Car aon ; Miss Cameron, Ellzubith ol Siberia ; T. Crisp, gentleman sixteenth conturv ; Dr. Crooke, volunteer officer; B. Clarke, Fra Dlavolo; Mr- T. Crisp; Mi«s B. Canon, French peasant girl; Miss Carson, Polish lady ; Mr W. Clarke, evening dress ; Mr Cres wick, (rontloman of tho nineteenth century; Miss Creswlck. Amphitrite, goddess of the soas ; Miss Jane Clarke, Russian lady of rank ; Mrs N. Chovalior; Ed. Clarke, Spanish gentle-nan 17th coutury; Miss Chalker ; A. Cameron ; Mrs A. Catnoron, Morning ; Mrs John Gumming, Scottish lady of tho 16th cen tury ; Mrs Alfred Chard, Queen Louisa ; A. Chard, page. Charles I.; Mr Croft, icontloman of Verona; Mrs Croft. Lurllne ; M. E. Oolvin, Highland gentle man ; Mrs G. A. Chalmers, Night; G. A. Chalmers, Persian gentlomtn ; Mies Chester, Debardour; Wil liam Clarke, Djbardeur; Mrs Crooke, Spanish lady of rank; H. Chrlttophornon, evening dre*-; Mr Walter Clarke, ov«nlng dress; T. Cherry, Esq, Spanish muleteer; M. Craig; P. Crcsbio, military uniform; Mr Oalvert. Count Alfonso; Miss Chapman, XiUrllne; Miss Cameron, a SpanWh Guana ; Mias Fanny Carandinl, Azucena tho Gipsy ; F. G. Curandlnl, Fra Diavalo; Miss Cloland, Spanish lady; Mrs W. P. Corcoran, Sultana do K«lpt» ; Miss Annndi Corcoran, tho Spider ; W- Coibett, Querilla Chief; Mrs Culvert, Arc-on-olol ; Miss Boslnl Ctrandlni, a Spanish lady ; Miss Collins ; A. Chomley ; Mis9 M. Corcoran, Prince Arthur ; Z. G. Clark; Mr. Hy. Croasley, cavalry uni form; Mr W. P. Corcoran, barrlater- at-law. Miss Downle, Princess Violet ; Mr J. Pavles, J.P., Moonie Ponds ; Miss Davles. Moonie Ponds. Red, Whlto and Bluo ; Mws tt. Dwies, Moou'o Ponds, So itch lassie ; O. A. Donaldson, Fra Dlavola ; J. W. Don, Esq, evening dress ; Mr Dlckson, University Btudant : Henry Ii. Davis, Kin it Theodore ; E. ' Durana.'eveninir dress ; M. S. Dlckson, Garlbaldiau ; K. Dawson, fancy dross; Mrs Downia; Mr A. Donaldson, the Coming Man; Mrs Drew, Night ; Miss Drew, Morning; J. S. Dobson; L. Dolplanyud, Turk ; Mrs Chna. Dyer, Donna Inez ; Charles Dyer, Lieutenant M.T.P W.F. Horse ; John Dunn, Aminadib Sleek ; J. Duigan ; B. Duffln, evanlng dress ; Mrs J. W. Don, Danish ladyof thefourteenth century ; J. T. Davles, Druid priest ; Mis* Dottreil, Colleen Bawn ; S. V. Duigan ; Mrs Karl van Damme, Evening Star ; Miss Dowllmr, Madge Wlldflre ; Miss Downio, Princes* Violet; Miss Dowdlo, Pauline; Miss Dis more, Swl«a peasant ; C»pt. Drydalo, uniform 17th Kozt., UK.T. ; Arthur Dunn, midihlpman; Miss Julia Dlsmoro, Hungarian maid ; George David son, Victorian Light Horse ; Mrs Draper, evening dresa ; Mrs Davis, evening dress ; Mrs Geo. Darrell, Swell of the Period ; Mrs D«rllng, Prinoess Alice; Miss M. Drew, GKana; C- L. Dobbin, Greek co3tume 19th century; W. Draper, Charles I. ; — Dlsher, Midshipman ; MissH. Dobson, Spring. Mr J. B. Ellis, Paul Pry ; Mrs Easdown ; Miss Easdown; John Everard, Esq.; Master J. Edwards, Featherweight; Mrs J. Edwards, Joan of Arc; J. Edwards, Jun., (1) Lord Fred. Vorlsopht and (2) the Woman In Bod ; H. S. M. Evans, Esq.. evening, dress ; Mrs Edwards; George Earle, military uniform; Mr Edwards ; W. H Ellokor, GarlUaldlan officer ; Mrs Kvorard, fancy dress. Henry Folk, Swiss peasant ; Mr Fagan, nob a new Knight of Melooume, but an old Melbourne-lto (knight), and not behind bis time ; B. Flint, evening costume ; Mrs Pagan, Bobtkab, La Costume Syrlonne ; Mrs Henry FolK. Swiss peasant ; H. Fogg, Esq., French officer ; Miss Formosa, Italian peataut trlrl ; John T. Fordo, evening costHine; Mrs Formosi, i/ucla ; Mrs Fishor, lady of ths court of Louis XV. ; Cip'-aln L Fitzgerald, Prince of Kokon (ffiasiern Asia); T. H. Farrar, Oh-rloj II.; Dr. Fitzgerald, Monk of the Scrow ; Mian Farrhurst ; Mrs Parr hurst ; Miss F»rmer, English glpaoy ; T. Forbes, Gari baldi; Mr H. O'farroll, Lieutenant of Spihis; Miss Alice Flanigan, Spanish girl ; Miss Martha Fin lay, Flower of Dumbtaao ; MUb Finlay, sea nymph ; Dr. Fulton, court surgeon of ths 10th century ; Mr Finlay, evening dross ; Mr Wm. Finlay, evening dross ; Miss Forbos, court lady; Jamea Furness, cavalry officer: Mis* Fonnesy, Linda dl Ch amount; Miss Clara Finlay, Highland lasaio ;? Mr A. G. Fifther, Fan chette; Mrs Fulton, mild of Honor in tho reign of Edward the III. S. Greoo, undrona officer ; Miss Jessie Glbb, Annie Laurie ; J. Glbb, Charloi I. ; Miss Glbb, Christmas ; W. Godfrey ; Mias E. Greou, Llttlo Rod Biding Hood ; Mrs Robert Gjrrott, Damo Grizzy Oldbuck ; Kobert Garrett, Iri«h gontloraan of tun 18th 'century ; Alex. Glllespie, Noble of tho rolgn of Charles II. ; T. Greenwood, jun., Hungarian offloor; T. M. Glrdlo stono, Saxon ; Will. Grcimlaw, Major Galbrulth ; Mrs W. Greenlaw, Annie Liurlo ; Mra E. Grubor, Llttlo Red Hiding Hood; H. Gulloit ; Dr. Gillbeo, Btaff sur geon V.V. ; Capt. H. Gillboo, uniform ; Capt. Garden ; Gbo. Honry H0I0103, Salom Scudder ; F. G. Hlck ling, gontleimn of 19th century; MUs Hiues, tho Borap ; J. Holmos, oflicor of Now Zealand voluu toors; Percy C. Hodgkinson, a nsillor or Frenoh navy; M(d Guosdon, Moonlight; Mr« O'rtnar, oveaiufr dress ; B. Goldsbrough, Esq. ; Miss Joaaio Ella Gray son, Fairy ; O. Gray ; Jas. Grnnt, Highland chiof of the Grant of Sircthspoy ; J. GrJco, guntlemau 15th century; Mrs Gricj, lady 16th contury ; Mrs John A. Gill ; G. M. Gldorson, Cousin Joo ; Horatio Gato, Dromonadlnif costurao, 10th contury ; W. Gano, Fra Dlavolo ; Mra J. L. Grcguon, a lady, rolgn Charles I. ; D. Gillies, gontlonian of tho present oun tury ; Q'. Grabor, Esq., nobleman rolpfn of Charles II. ; Mra Glon, evening dross ;Mr Glon ; air O. Gray ; Mrs O. Gray; Mr Chariot Gray,cfllcor|ofM.U.I.O. O.b\, Port Phillip District ; Miss Girdinor, Polish poaiiant girl ; JameB Glover Honry, Earl ot Richmond; Mootor Gibson ospago; J. 8. Green, Leonard! di Vluol ; D. S. Galbralth, Freomason ; Mrs D. S Galbraith, Spinlh lady ; r. S. Galra, Lord Lovell ; Mrs J. Girnu, Daughter of tho Bogimont ; J. Gir&u;, Bi-n Pedro, Prinao of Arra|(on ; Juraoa W. Glonn, Vonolinn noblo ; H. M. O. Gommell, Knight of the Hammer ; Guonilon, jun , Pollili frontlonwn ; Mr Guosdon; court drosa, lime George IV. ; Mrs Gorman, Cora; —Gorman Marquis de Pentonvillo ; Mrs H. M. O. Gommoll, lady of I Oth century ; John Grloo, pUIn drosa ; Gowor Kvant; Mlsa Gillboo, Nlfht; Dr. Gordon, uuaJomio (Irons ; Mrs R.Goldsbrongh ; Mrs Ol.n, lady of llJth century. Mr'A. Gurdlner, ovuulng dross ;G. Greene. Mr A. L. Hunter, JonnloStato; Mrs Hammond, : court lady of George lit.; B. K. Hammond, Alexis Czuovltob, 1004; Jno. HorsUU.monk ; Mr» Ho»f»ll, Spanish lady of rank; Mlis A. E. N. Hay ward,' Greek girl; Mrs Hayward, fancy dress; Mrs Hart; Mr Keate Alex. Hall, evonlng dress ; Mrs Hubbard, la dame de la selgnourie costume ie Louis Qulnao ; Wm. Hickin, jun., ovonlne dross ; Thoa. Hamilton, Night; J. Hart, E«q. ; Mrs S. B. Hunt, Swl9a poaaint. ; Cap tala Humphroys ; MUs Hilllm, evening dress ; Dr. Hewlett, Druid ; — Healey, Francis II, Soain; Mrs J. Halfey ; J. Halfey. Esq ; Mias K. Holmoa, Moon light ; Mrs A. G. HetuphlU, evening dress ; S. B. Hunt, courtier of Charles II ; Mrs H*'ily, Marltana ; W. O. Hart, page time of Henry VIII ; J. U. Hood, Esq., etudlant du lvoa Franoiis ; C. Home ; Miss Hooker, Boso Bradwardino ; B. Henty, Hungarian nobleman ; W. G. Harris, colleirlan ; Mr Hill ; Mrs Hosle, Lady Mars ; L. H. Hayman, Belphegor ; Miss Ho^ie, Colleen Biwn ; J. S. Hosie, gentleman of the 10th contury ; Mrs Johnson Hioks ; Edwin Holmes, court lady of 18th century ; UHs Matilda Holmes, Spring ; Mr Kdirln Holmes ;Mr Harbridpo, Druid ; B. G. W. Haig, evening dress ; Mr Hill ; Saml. House, Mexican noble ; Dr. Edward Hunt, uniform of as sistant-surgeon ol Volunteers ; Mr Hayward, Cardinal Bicholleu ; Miss A. Hepburn, Bohemian costume ; Mrs Hepburn, ovening drotis ; Miss Hepburn, fanoy costume ; G. N. Oakley, tho tientleman In Black ; F. Hallos, Man Friday ; W. Hltohcnolc ; Robt. Harkor ; Mrs G. B. Halloa, lady of 17th century ; Wm. Halloa, Robinson Crusoe ; W. F. Hoddon, Esq., evonlng dross ; vfr H. A. Hen derson, orlclceter ; Dr. Hadden, evening dress ; Mr Hlngston, Sir Michael St. George, ye last mailed knight : Mr C. Humphrey, evening dress ; Mr H. Humphreys ; George Villiers, Duke of Buckingham ; S. P. Hogg, courtier in tho reign of George IV. Miss Ireland ; E. S. Ireland, Blazes, an individual escaped from tho infernal regions ; Miss S. Ireland, night. G. Jameson, Royal (Stewart tartan ; Mr A. Joshua; Mr Mo«s Joshua ; Miss Jacobs, Bed. Btdinsr Hood; Miss Joyco, Queen of May; Richard Johnson, Bassanlo ; Mr H. B Jones, Earl of Rochestor ; Stewart Jerdan, R.N. ; C. G.- Jones, Royal Arch Mason ; Miss E. Jordan, Ollnska ; Miss Rosalie Jackson, Lady of the time of Louis XVI. ; R. Jamleson ; Harry St. John Jowers, court costume of the period ; Miss L. O. Johnson, Flowor Girl. B. H. Jones, jockey ; Mrs Jack, Finland lady ; G. B. Jphnoon, Had Cross Knight ; Charles Johnston, Long Tom Coffin ; W. T. JoneB ; Mrs Major Jonos, Swiss peasant ; Miss Johnptone, soa nymph ; Major Jonei, 14th Beglmont ; J. Johnson, jun., evening dross ; Mrs Johnson, fanoy dross ; B. De Bruco Johnatone, Highland costume ; Miss Johnson, Vivandlero. Harriette Kir by. Italian peasant girl ; B. W. Knox, Fusboa ; Miss Kosteraon, Swlnsmllk girl ; MrsKtomru, Spanish lady ; Miss Mary Kin?, Flora M'lvor ; Mr D. S. Kinnimont, French nobleman ; B. Kolleher, University student ; John King, a gentleman of tho 19ih century ; Alice King. Mlnette ; Mrs John Kennedy ; John Kennedy ; Miss Kellehor, Daughter of the Regiment; Miss Konnody. Hungarian girl; F. C. Klemm, Greok Knight ; Mr Konworthy ; Miss Kyte. BImjIc Domino; H. Kyte Esq., Hanilut ; Mrs H. Konnou, a Polish lady ; Mr H. Kennon, gen- tleman during reign of Charles I.; Ed. Keep, Esq. ; J. Kennedy, Highlander. Joseph Eilddlo, jun.. Courtier, time Charles II. ; Matt how L-ng-, Luuksley; W. Llndsty, the T,ost Sheep; H. H. LepUvitrier, Ed^ar; Jnhn Xitaion, Turkish officer ; Miss Livingston, Morning; Cooper Livlogston, Chinese gentleman ; W. G. Lemprlero, Zouave; Mrs W. G. Lempriore, Prectosa ; Mrs La bortoucho, French marquia 17th century ; O. W. Long, Joseph SU'faco; Walter ; Lansby, Royal Arch Order of 'Freemasons ; J. H. Lomprioro, Knlpht Templar; Mrs J. H. Iiomprlaro, Znuave* VI vandiere ; Mia- Maggie lmuranco, lady of Finland ; Wm. Laurauoo, Fronuh marine 14th coutury; Mis* Love, Lady of 16th century ; Robert Lyons, Gen tleman of tho 19th century ; G. T. lovett, Dan Fer nandez ; S. P. Lord ; Mrs Lulman, Lady of Porsia ; Maater Lane, jun., Meuottl. Garibaldi's eon ; W. Line, Esq., ;Sou3-ofllclor Da Zouaves ; Mrs W. Lane, Grand Duchosa ot Gerolateln ; W. Landale, Barriator at-Iaw ; Mr Lielman, Turkifh c stamo ; N. Lev), Charles II. ; Miss Lompriero, Night ; J. L. Loar jnonth ; F. G Lama ; G. T. Lainana, Chlng Snon ; Mrs J. L&mana;, Hilda ot the Isles ; D. B. Long, jun., Gentleman of time of Queon Elizabeth ; J. Lyons, as Punch ; A. Loushmau, Turk ; Mrs S. Lin to it, Queon of Spades ; Mr J. Lauutv ; J. Lausty, Esq. ; M rs Lukoy, a Gleaner ; Mrs M. Lang, Lady relga Charles II. ; G. B. Lye, 2-14th Kefrimont ; Harcaurc Leo, uniform V. V. Light Horse ; Mr A. Lauranco, nobleman of Louis XVI. ; Eugene LiasUnol ; Mr Levy, artillery officer : Mr Latulollo, Duo de Mones ; Mr O. J. Lucas, Christmas; Mr W. H. Looker; David Iiee, cathedral chorister ; Mrs Lindsay ; Mrs Latham, Autumn; M. L'Estrango; Honry Lovy, evening dress. Miss J. H. Mann. Swiss lidy; J. H. Mann, Rifle man ; 'Geo. A. Macquarle, Sailor ; J. T. Morris, Fra Dlavolo ; H. B. A. Middltston, Greek Prince ; It. Mortley, Italian brigand ; J. Mtinday, Cavalry officer ; Mias Macphorson, Gipsy Queen ; Miss P. Macphersnn, Iiurllne ; T. Morrow, Cromwell ; Crawford Maine, a Corslcan trontlemin of the last ctntury ; John Mao phorson, Highlander Macpheraon ; Ulss Martin ; M'ss Murray, as Helen Macgregor ; Miss Helen M'Millen, Finlandalse ; Mrs M'Millen. Lady of time of George II.; John Mactlor, Esq., Garibtldian; Mr A- G. M'Combo, a Bock Scorploo, In evonlng dress ; Miss M'Kee, a Georgian ;? Mr. J. W. Marsden, f «ioy dros- ; Miss Marlow, Ivy ; Mr Marlow, jun.. Brigand ; ? Miss M'Combo, La Fille du Itocnmont ; X. M. Middloton, Spanish gentleman ; Mra Middloton, Polish lady; R. P. Migulro ; UIjs Margaret M. Morris, Morning ; Mr J. C. Morris, King - f Spain, in Don Ciemr do Bazau ; Dr. Martin, Fra Dlavolo ; G. W. Martin, evening dross ; Mrs R. C. Miller, Pa.is, in Siege of Troy;. MrMacmillan; Misi Bosa Mann, Lillah ; Mrs Dr. Martin, lady, court Mary Stuirt ; P. H. M'Hugh, Brian Boru ; Mrs S. Montenore, lady 18th century ; Mrs Miller ; Malcolm M'Lsitn, Din Gorola de Sllva ; Miss Margaret Marlow ; Thomas Moubray, Ssq.. Mayor, official costume; Mrs Moubmy, ovening dress; Miss M'Nulty, evening dress ; B. M'Firland ; Mr Meaien gor, Night; Mlsi M-Mullen, Zobelde ; Miss Lucy Marsden, Cynthia, 'Flowers of . the Forest ;??. M'Cullagb, night; Mra Marsden, ? Miami, huntress ; Mrs Wm. Hy. M'Oprmiok, Frenab . Griaoste; T. J. Martin, Portugueuo . peasant ; James Mat thews, Garlbaldlaa nuldler; Mtsa Martin, Marl tana ; S. M. C. M'Donnell, Esq., The Stranger ; Mr Ed. Macnlght ; J. M'Inneas, Esq., evening dress ; Dr. Murray, evoning drew ; H. J. Mays, stock broker on change in tho year 1711, during tho great South Soa bubble ; Mrs H. J. MnyR, Kerissa in the . .'Morchant of Vonlco,' James Moon, Esq. ; Miss M'Oacli, Clndorella : Mltohell, tiwiss girl; O. R. Alartln, Warwick^; H. lUCGuigan, ovening dross; Miss M. Muwlov, gipsy ; Mra John MGrosor. ;flowor pirl ; Miss M'Gretfor ? Miss Mawloy, Maggie L»udor ; W. T. Moflut, Esq, ; Mt^Duncan M'Phorspn. stock rldor ; Dr. Moore, ualforht of tho medical S^dff of the Boyal V.V. Artlllory,. 1802 ; Hiss H. Meanby, Grook shophortloaB ; Mra jlwinoy, ovonlntr^lroas ; Miss ilnanoy, Polish lady ; Mioa Morton, qifaT?ou»:.voulez ; Mr Madden, ovoriing dross ; Mr Mullen, (yallory); W. Maddo»,Ma?sarbnl ; Ulss Maildori,' loriina ; J. Madden, Huriry of Navarro ; Misa Moorehead, Giliery : Duncaii i M'Durindct, I»n dtuwart ; Misa M'Don'aid ; ' W. MiniOo, naval officer ; Mra W. Jlinlllo, n Oata lonlan Rirl ; Mrs M'tta- slaud ; Misk E. Mayfloia, l»dy of 1'ulormo; F. J. R. Mursdon, Prussiail officer, un-\ drC33 uuiform ; Misa IT. Ma heson, Froii'di fancy dross ; Mis/i A. M-Donald, Polish lady ; Misa Mount, Dolly Viirdon ; Mra E. 12. Moore, Mary Quoon of Soots ; Mian Moutgomorio, iiiimraor;. G. W. Moore, Paul Clifford ; P. J. Miirtin, E*q., Kentlonian of ninotednth contury ; M. Mitchell, Spanish noblomari; Mr Ma'giU,' nindoo ; Mias C. Ma) Held, Daughter of the Bfglmont; Ml«a M-Dcrmott, Iimooenco ; M. J. H. Martin, Spanish - noblnman ; Frank Madden, Tho Right Hon. the Lord Knows Who ; J. Muaon; 32dsvd. M'Donnoll.a. Bloatod Aristocrat ; Mrs M'Donnoll, nSpanlshilftdy ;' Mra Mooro ; Mr T. G. Mills. ArtlUorvnoao ; :.Mr Goo.' Maunsoll, Monk of tho Screw; Mlss-.:K--AM- Eiie,- TurkUh lady'; Mr S. Moruoflore, 'tledtenant .Yeomanrv Ci/&lry; ; Miss Mears, -.'.Right ', [\ Mr' B. S. ;_1Moar8, Oav*H»r - ot ?'? tho' ;|J8iU:-^q»\itury ; ? G;-M'O(o»n- ; MrV' Moprp ;' . Oapt.V , maftkle: ;. Mrs. P, ' J. ?Martln,rF.ahchett ,'MrS'.O. Mnson, Spiinlsh ; lady ; J.MackdrizIo, Rusitan citizen ; Miss -Moronyr 3pilng; G. M. MUno, gontleman ot tho period of Charles II ; Mrs G. Mowllng, fancy drees; G. Mowllntr, friar ; Mrs P. M'Bwan, Peg Wofflngton ; «. S. M. Mears, English dress ; J. M. M'Ctugbey, GaribaldUn volunteer; Din I. Matrill, officer of In fantry, mess uniform; F. C. M'Dougall, Neapolitan trentlemnn; Mrs Moen, evening cos turn o ; B. O. Miller, Venetian noblerran; Mr Alex. M'Dougall, Neapolitan fisherman ; Miss C. Mlor, Parisian flower girl; Mrs B. Mlor, Venetian lady; Augustus \V. Mlor, gentleman 10th century. Miss L. Hewbery ; J. B. Nunn, Michlavel ; James Nicholson, Dobardeur reign Napoleon lit. ; A. Nlcholen, gentleman time Charles I ; W. Nicholas, Garlbaldlan ; H. O. Nash, Esq., Prussian Jaeer ; Miss N cholson, Court dress reign George It. ; C Nottle ton, Swiss gentleman ; Mrs Nettleton, French lady ; John Nimmo, Etq., evening dress ; Miss Newman ; O. F. Nlcholls, American, planter ; C. J. Nowberry, Zouave d'Afriquo ; Mrs A. Newell, fanoy drcaa ; A. Nowell, Spanish peasant; Miss Nathan, Maritaua; John Nathan, jun., evening dress. Cbas. Oge - Hrs Chas. Ogg ; Ohas. Orr, Captain of the Maintop; Miss Ellen O'Hara, a Polish lady ; Miss Lilly O'Hara, Spanish peasant ; Mlsa O'Hara, AndaluBian girl ; Mrs John Oswald, Newham fish wife ; Mr A. A. Oxloy, evening dress ; A. 'W. Oxley, evening: dress ; J. Owen, Esq., a Monk ; Miss Anihla Oakes, peasant girl ; Miss Oake-, evening dress; Miss C. O'Hara. French peanant; Thos. Oswald, evoning Jreas; Miss Oswald, evening dreas ; M. L. O'Hea, evenintr dress ; Miss O'Hea. a Swiss peasant girl ; Mr O'Hea, evening dress ; Miss O'Brien, Galatea; A. Opponhelmer, Figaro ; Mrs F. Oawald, Oeres ; Mrs H. O'Farrell, a Spanish lady ; Mm O C. Oxtoby, Silver Cloud; C. C. Oxtoby, Gentleman in Black; Madame O'Donovan ; P. O'Brien, gentleman lOtn century; Miss O'Brien, Galatea; Miss L. O'Brien, Maid of Athens; Mrs P. O'Brien, Lady of 10th ce. tury; M'Oarthy O'Loary, rowing costume Herbert Palmer ; MissPetterson, village coqutte; Mrs Purves, evening dress ; J. Purse, eveulnjr dress ; C. Pardoe, evening dress ; Miss Peake. nymph of the 'wood; Mrs Wm. Plummor, Queen of Christmas ; Mr M. P. Plummer. a Mahomedan gentleman ; Mr Pol lard, Christy Minstrel ; Mrs Pollar4 ; F. W. Proll, Esq., evening coBtume ; C. P. Petley, Esq. ; Captain Perrott, evening dress ; Miss Fanny Pa. k- r, Mart tana ; Misa Parker, Greek shepherdess ; Mrs W. Peebles, a smuggler's wife ; W. Peebles, Garlbaldlan volunteer; Mr Arthur Parker, Lambert Simnel, Edward Earl of Warwick; Mrs Arthur Parker, Scotch lassie ; Thos. Parsons, jun. ; Mrs O. Pardoe, fancy dress ; Miss Annlu Price, a sea nymph; MIbs Paton, Spanish lady; E. J. Powell, D'Arttenan ; MUs Purves, Harlequins, a la Wuteau; Miss Mary Purves, marquise; H. Patterson, Prua i-lan oflicor ; W. H. Peryman, diplomatic oostume ; G. Purvos. Lamp-post ; Tho?. Favey, Spanish monk ; Miss Patterson, Rose Bradwardino ; Wm. Prim, evening dress ; E. Pitt man ; W. S. Patorson, officer Bengal Cavalry ; M. L. Pondt r. Marquis de Fron tlirnao; H. S. Plneott, Lord Duudoeary ; Mrs H. F. Puipps, Keitpolitau peasant girl ; B. F. Phipps, Turkish cavalry officer ; Mr Wm. Porter, Oil vor Cromwell ; Mra Wm. Porter, Spanish lady; Bob. Patterson, cavalry officer ; W. Pitman Elvi no ; Mrs Hugh Parker. Spanish lady; Blchd. John Par kiuson, cavalry officer ; Hugh Parker, Gurlb&ldl; ; Mrs Pataraon ; Miss Patorson ; Mr Patorson ; Leut. 17. H. Panter, Royal Navy ; H. B, Palmer; E. E. Pittman, Mexican bussar. Mr and Mrs Bunting ; Miss, Rennle, Llttlo Bod Bid inir Hood ; Miaa Robinson, Forget-Mc- Not ; R. P. Raymond ; Miss Russell, fancy dress; G. Kushall, Mayor of Fltzroy ; Mrs Kushall, Une Damo Francois ; Ctrns. Ryan ; Hy. ttyan. All Ben Hassan ; Mrs Ohas. Kvan, Duchess of St. Albans, 17th century; Miss Elizibeth Roycroft, Hubs ; Miss Koycrofc, Grecian «irl ; Mrs Boyoroft, Spanish lady ; Andrew ' Kowan, Captain Lyncb ; A. M, Roub, evening drosB ; W. Bunting ; G. \V. A, Robinson, Alfred Evelyn ; Mr Bolls, Young Book ; Capt. John Curtis ; H. Raphael ; Mrs H. Raphael, Martha; Miss Raphael, Lily ot the Valley ; MUs H. Rus'oll, Sllobian khopherdess ; Mr Thos. Rlley ; A. W. Robertson, Hindu ; G W. Robinson, midship, man * Miss J. Boblnson, huntress ; A. W. Robertson, Count De Peri Cont« ; C. Rold, Evonlng Star ; J. W. Boyce, a Greek ; Mrs Bugors (gallery) ; C. F. Ross, ovening dross ; P. J. Rhlnd, Hussar ; C. Richardson, Will Watoh ; E. Robertson ; Ronald Robb, Turkish noble ; Mrs Reid, Scottish lassie ; Frances Robert son, a lady ol the period ; Mr Kultledge, 1 4th Rogt. ; W. H. Bucke, cavalier reign of Charles I. ; Mrs F. Row ; F. F. Bow ; Mias Beilly, Bohemian Girl ; Miss Evan, Bose of Castile ;D. Richardson, Esq., Brigand ; Mr Thomas Beld, Gentleman - George IV. 's time ; Mrs Roberts, Court Lady present century; W. O. Buddell ; H. F. Boss, sailor ; Miss Robinson, Leah ; W. G. Bhund, as Conrad the Corsair. Jas. Swaraon. MephUtopheles ; A. Slnckpole, Monk of the Screw ; Mrs B. N. flandllands, Malay woman ; WUIUm Smith, merchant of the nixtoenth century ; J. N. Sayco, ovening dress ; B. N. Sandilande, mayor ot Emecald-hlll ; Miss Strettle, lady of Thoaaaly ; Mrs David Spence, evening dross ; David Sponoer ; JJ. H. Hteveison, digger ; Mrs J. O. Stewart,, Morning ; G. R. Stewart, page; A. A Sleight; Miss Syd en- ham, Swiss peasant; A. K. Smith, Her Nain Sel, F.O.R.V.A. ; Mr Thos. Soupllng ; Miss Slnolair. lady of the reign of Charles II. ; P. S. Sinclair, Spanish nobloman ; Mrs D. Sangster, court dress of Lo.uis XV. ; J. S.,Snlor, Mephlstopheles ; MUs Helen Sinclair, Polish peasant girl ; D. Sangster, Lord Randolph ;L. O. Schmidt, Renato ; W. H. Steel ; Miss Stodart, flower girl; Miss Sly, Queen of Spades ; J. O. Smith, Provincial Grand tfeoretary of Free masons ; G. W. staples, Under Graduate Melbourne University ; J. K. Smyth, Fablen del Franchi ; G. W. Smith ; Miss Stephen, Zoe. fancy dross; Mrs Q. Stephen, fancy drojs ; F. S'epuen, centlomau luth contury ; Mlsa F. Stephen, Mary Queen of Scotts ; Mrs E. H. Sir.-, Lady Toazlo ; P F.. Shier, Benedick; R. Stewart, Lord Trinket; Alexander Sloano, Circassian Chief ; Thos. W. Swallow, Naval Brigade, volunteer uniform; John Sweeney, French Peasant ; Mr Sabolborg, mo dem ghost ; Mrs Sabelberg, Lady Isabel Vane ; Mr W. A. Stewart, stockrider ; Thos. Strong, gentleman of 19lh century ; Mr Smart, evening dress ; Mrs John Stracban, Zuloika ; Mr John [Strachan, Mustapba, Bub a dub Khell Khan ; S. Strettle, Mazzironl ; Mrs Strettlo, Marltana ; Mton M. Skinner, Tj roleno maid: MrJ. Skinner, Mephiatopholis ; Mra Swallow, evening dress ; Mrs P. J. Sinclair, Court lady of tho 17th century; Mr Edward Staff; Mr W. Sydenham, Garlbaldlan ; Mr J. W. Summerfiold, gentleman of tho 19lh century ; Mra Stanley, Amy Bobsart ; Miss Minnie Staflora, Colloea B»wn ; Mr W. Slmmonds, Garibaldi; Mr C. F. Somorton, ovonlng dreBs; Miss Smith, Liberty ; Mjss Scott, Sanaouci ; Mr S. Smith, a young man out for,tho night ; John D. Shorry, Colonel Poaro ; Mr J. Stovonsoni oveninp; drosss ; 'W. E. Smith, a Rhost ; Mr Skinnor, Hiighlander ; Wm. Ste venson; Mrs Sohior; MrSohlor ; MrT. Y. Summer ; Elizabothan gentleman ; Mrs Skinnor, Circassian hdy; Howa'd Sponslov, Donna Juloanna ; Dr. L. L.jaralth ; Mr Hy. Smith, Don Cxaar Bazan ; Mrs Adelaide Stewart, ns Mrs Consty Dolmaino ; — BhepparH, . C'urt droaa; Mrs F. Scurry, Italian costumo; F. Scurry, Claudlo : Arthur Soddon ; Mr and Mra J. J. Smart; Hon. R. Simeon, M.L.O. ; Mrs Sbeppard, fancy drosB ; W. H. Sorroll, French postillion ; Mrs Sorroll, a Vonotian lady ; Dr. Sorroll ; Edward Serroll, aDebardour; H. J. Smith, Mr Mantollria; 'W. Sig irlna. Esq., Earl of Rochoator ; Misa Charles Stuflord, as Vlandloro; J. C. St.Quentln; F. L. Smyth, a North Glppa Land reaper ; Liout. Stanley, R.N. ; Misa M. Stowart. Soanlsh poas»i-t ; Miss D. Stewart, Agatha, (Der li'rloschutz) , Mrs P. 8- Sinclair,- Court lady of the soventoonth' -century; Mins Sinclair, lady in tho reign of Charles tho Socond ; F. W. Scrlvenor. Nomo ; ? B1. . E. Sorlvonor, AUquU ; Jamas Streot ; John J. Shillinglaw ; Mrs Jardine Smith, Dawn ; Mr Jurdino Smith,, evening dross ; AIIsb Servlco, Spring ; Hon. J.. Service, Windsor^ uniform; *.„ r Georgo Thomas, Oharioall. ;.T. Iii JCully ;. JohniW.s Tankard, «lp.ioy ; Mls« Taylor... fancy dross; S.^ Trythall, Cuptaln .V. -V. Force T-'J. A..ThompiionjH.. Tliomp'on. Turkinn.'dresj: A M.-T|iwn-eml; A. O. Todtl , Hlithiaml cpatuin«. a'an'.Camoron ;~JU[rs Tatrant, Princess Micon-.icona; E.-Tarraiit,- Blaqltnipnk ; MIsb il'iickwei;-' Flower.'G^l ; a;: Trodegan,..Esq;;'; Mra S. TosoibaH, plain evening costumo ; Dr. Toague, phy sician ol the lOtircontury ; MIsb Taylor, vlllogo bello; MUs Tregurthi, Prlnoess of Oude ; Mr A. M.' Town- send, gentleman of the 19th century ; Mrs Taylor (gallery}; Mr Torwood, Paraguay offloor. G. H. F. Ulrlch, evening dress. Mrs Vincent, Boatrloe. Mrs H. W. Warner, ' Fnllo A«mlere« ; G. S. WTilt ford ; Mils Wilkinson, Chlorls ; Mrs Wraggo, Floren tine l-dy ifiSO ; Alderman Wraggo, Alderman ; George Watson, Long Tom Coffin ; L. Wilkinson ; Misa Wintle. Persian lady ; Mrs D. D. Wheeler, Twilight ; F. A. Watford, Italian brigand ; O. Wilson, nobleman of the period of Charles II. ; Edwin Wintle, Gentle man In Black ; G. F. Watt, a Garibaldian ; Mrs Webster, f.ncy dress ; W. Webster ; Mr Welsh ;Mlsg Waters, Swiss peasant ; Mrs Watkina, La Vlvandlere ; Mr Walters, evonlng dross ; Mrs Goo. Watson, Daugh ter of the Regiment; A. H. Wilkinson, Neapolitan fisherman : Henry Westley, Greek Prince ; Mra Westley, Zuloika ; H K. Woolley, Earl of Leicester tempus Elizabeth ; W. C. Weekes, Sir John Falstaff; Miss Walker, Frenoh peasant girl ; Mrs W. P. A. Whitcombo, Naiad; W. P. Whltoombo. uniform B V.E. ; Albert Wiseman, Spanish nobleman ; Walter Wiseman, Court dress Charles II. ; Mr Alfred Walsh ; Mr Wynne ;, Mrs J. H. White, Vlvandloro ; Miss Wilkinson, evening dress ; E. DIckenson Wheelor, e renlng dress ; Mr H. L Wnodland, 2— 14th Bezimont; MrO. A. Wilrna, Gontleman in Blaek ; Mrs Watkinsnn, Lily of Klllar noy ; MrJ. Wanner, Donna El voa ; Mbs Ware, Thetis; T. D. Webster, a free selector; Mias Mary White, Polish girl; Elohard Webb, lioutonant of the Wal kari rantrors, N.Z. ; G. Watt, Grand Turk; Mlsa Watt, F'-rget-me-not ; MIbs Webstor ; D. Webster ; J. D. White, Don Ruy Gomez ; Mr T. Y. Wvbura, Olaudo Duval; Mr. William Wilson, Spanish cavalier 17th century; Mrs Thomis Watton, Lady Teasdale ; Miss Boss Watt, evening dress. Mrs W. J. Winter, a iady of the 19th century : W. J. Winter, evening dren; E. Wollaston ; Mrs Wol laston; J. C. Warner, Sir Francis Chautrey: Misa Werner, court dress reign Charles II. ; J. W. White, brigadler-eenoral ; Mrs Westnood, Spanish lady ; MIs.iL. Wiseman, Noll Gwynne ; Mrs H. Wolf, night ; Ross Watt, Esq., evoning dress ; Miss Bossio Watt, Lena gipsy girl ; H. Woolf ; MrsO. A. Wilson, Bohe mian peasant ; N. P. Walker, a Garibaldian ; B. Whltford, as an officer of tho B. V.V. A. ; Miss Walker, Polish peasant girl; F. A. Wood. Esq., Massa nollo ; Miss Jessie Watt, tho White Lady of Avenal ; Miss Woods, Blackoyed Susan ; W. P. Watorfield, Don Furloso dl los Llanoi ; Georgo Walker, Russian spy. Edward Westley, evoning dress ; Mrs J. Ware. Olaudo of France, wifo of Francis I ; J. Ware. Hunts man ; O. Watt, Miss Watt, royal milkmaid; Miss Warley, Normandy peasant ; K.. A. Williams, Bailor ; A. J. Willlama ; J. Luddon Walton, gentleman of the 19th century ; C. ' Wright, Miss Watklnson, village, coquette ; Chvi. Watt ; Mias Winch, Flora ; William W. Walker, evenlns dress : Mr* Wllks ; H. Willoughby, Spanish costumo ; B. Wllldrldgo, evening dress ; Edmund Westby. H. Young, Esq., a sprite ; Mrs Henry Young, Zoe, Ootaroon ; G. Young, Shodorlo Duu ; Mra William Young, Flora M'Donald ; William Young, a High land soldier; Mrs G. Young, evening dross; Miss E. Young, Indian princess ; Miss E. Young, evening dresa; hon. Eliot Yorko, equory in waiting to H.B.H. Duke of Edinburgh ; Mrs Josh. Young, evening dress ; Joseph Young, evening dress, 