' THE SOUTH AFRICAN GOLDFIELDS. . . / . : A Y ictorian . miner sent -the. following letter on this;aiibjpct to tho-;Natal Hcraiil >1 — Sir,— Being on the eve of taking my "departure from' "Natal "in "the Congunc, I dcom.it my duty, as une that has been duped by the false n-parts from the Tatin (whioh luditcod mc to come.to - Natal),, to thank those who subscribed, for. the, getting,, up ot .the prospecting pnrties. After /the" breaking 'up of tlio 'Umzmto party, three of us remained to prospect still further and, prospecting for a .while, /wo succeeded in finding -nlliiviargoi(l-iii-ilio;trilMitaries;of Clio'Amahlo'ngw/i. Our party (three) obtained botwecn eight and nine ounces of gold ; wo could get about one ounce per 'week on the average. I think that between -four-, teen and fifteen pniicss were got in the Golden Yal- Iey.farm. "Wo could get the colour nlmost anywhere in that locality. My reason for. abandoning the place was ihat l-thought that there was no payable alluvial gold to be fonud there. That; an auriferous reef is in that quarter is ' almost certain from - the fact of tho kind of gold obtained, and that .with careful search it m'ay. bo found ; and I feel conGdont thnt to any one who bas the. time and knowledgo it would .pay them to prospect.for a rcef in thd spruits and hills. I lutended to havo gone down again to prospect for a reef, but a, vessel being laid on,.,I have availed myself.of.tho /opportunity of.retumiug to Australia, The quantity obtained from down \- south is sufficient to induce a thorough search. By inserting this letter 111 your paper, you will favour; yours truly, axbxahl>Blt) Jabvxe; Dnrban, 12 Oc tober. " :?,.- Tiie'Latb. Bishop of GAnr.tss.e.— The last will .and testament of the lato .Bishop of Carlisle .is dated August. 0, 'two months heforo his dentil. Tt .is prefaced.witlitliese words: — "This is tho last -will and testament of Samuel Wnldcgrave, Bishop of Cariialo, - Ifiesiro, in the first place to testify, that I'die in thefuith of Christ crucified, nnd as a sinner saved; by grace alone, lmmbly trusting in the blood and .righteonsneS9-of ' my Lord- and Snvionr Josus Christ; :aud in the full assurance of that eternal and 'unchangeable lovo of the Father, the.Son, and the Holy Ghost, one triune God, which it has been-' my joy and ! delight to havo been permitted fto - proclaim throughout my beloved diocese whenever I hnd The opportunity, and whoso doctrines, ns they have been my com fort in life, are notvs' ray :8tay and support in" the prospect of death; and eternity." . Tobacco . S.mokino. — Tobncoo smokers must 1001c co cncir eyes, xtoois are nccummatiug ttint 'blindness.dne to "slowly progressive' atrophy of The, optic nerves, 1 induced, by. smoking; is of fre quent. occurrence.. In one of tlie , volumes of tiie " Londou j Hospital ; fReports," tMr; Jonathan Hulchiusoli - has narrated several cases ' of amaurosis, tlie liistories -of r which go far to es tablish tlie fact that in each ense the blindness was-brougiit on-' by that rapidly increasing and, ns it appears, baneful hnbif; nnd 111 the Medicnl Times and Gazetto, Sept. -.4, '.'the same distin guished surgeon hns described another striking enso of ".tobacco amaurosis, ending in nbsolule blindness, induced/in eighteen months." Tlio patient, aged fifty, a railway clerk, enjoyed good sight until January, 1807,- and excellent general, health, with tlio exception" of a" single attack of gout. " For twenty years I10 had never been under medicnl care,'.' and excepting the. optic atrophy,' no cerebral symptoms were observable. .After leaving off Bmoking entirely - for a whole 3renr, no apparent beucfit was experienced. "For ten years heforo his failure ofisight, he had heon. a pledged teetotaller, had- never at nny time been iriteinperate, and continued liis ab stinent hnbits durftig the whole period of treat ment. Ho is a remarkably intelligent man.; was in former lifo a great render," and, says Mr Hutchinson, "Tie tells me thnt since his affliction lie lias been made acquainted witli tlie particulars of many similnr eases." " I havo boon aston ished," lie snj's, "to find tliat it is not tho fast livers that it takes. It ie usually the hard- workers and abstemious." Ho is strongly im pressed with' tlie beiiof that both rir hid own case ami in. thnt of most others he- has seen, smoking was tire real cause. I wish to nsk special atten tion to the fact that the man was smoking heavily, whilst taking no kind of alcoholic stimu lant. I have met with several cases- in- which this history was given, nnd am deaidedly of opinion tlint tlie 'injurious- influence of tobacco is to some extent counteracted by alcohol." We can readily assent to Mr Hutchinson's opinion, which, indeed, does but ooufirm the proverb, " One ovil brings another," for we have Jong beon convinced tlmt great tea and coffee drinkors may persist in their habit the more freely thoy in dulge in driukiug alcohol also. — Msdioal Mirror. 