THE THEATRE ROYAL. The Montgomery season opened on Monday evening with a crowded house, every part of the theatre being so crammed, that many persons were unable to obtain'sitting room.' His Excel lency Sir Janies and Lady Edith Eergusson Were present, and there was a grand gathering of leading citizens with their families in the boxes. As we have seen Mr. Montgomery in the part of Hamlet before at the Royal, we are not called upon for any lengthy account of his performance on this occasion. A more attentive and... delighted audience could hardly be imagined than that which wel comed Mr. Montgomery on his first appearance" of this season on the Adelaide stage; and no. one who was present could doubt that the taste for tha drama is not extinct in Adelaide, but will show itself "whenever called forth by real merit. Mr.. Montgomery displayed in perfec tion his -marvellous faculty1 for portraying the shifting phases of a complex character; of ren dering Hamlet's varying passions and emo tions ; of showing him in his love, grief, horror, wrath; and revenge; and reproducing his subtle humor, been sarcasm, and searching inquisition into the hearts he knew to be guilty. "Where all was excellent it is difficult to particularise; .but the scene with the Queen, wheie he shows her crime in its true colors, was a master piece of acting. The attention of the audience was too rapt for boisterous cheering, but ap plause came heartily enough at times, and at the close Mr. Montgomery7had to appear before the curtain.. Mr. fiarrell gave a fair rendering of Horatio, though with' the defect of some want of feeling and earnest sympathy with his friend. Mr. Streeton appeared as the King of Denmark, and did not fall into the error of making him too kiDgly, so that there might be a danger of mistaking the " fair mountain" for the " moor." Miss Juno was effective as the • Queen, and threw., a world of earnest ness and- expression, into her - love for her son, and ;remorse at'. :her. own guilt. Her affection for poor Ophelia wiis naturally displayed, and the.regal: dignity fairly preserved. _ Mr. Musgrave did justice to Polo nius, and did not, like too'many impersonators of the", unfortunate old'man, malign "him by representing him-as a mere gabbling dotard. Mr.' Munro_ surpassed 'himself as Laertes, and once" or twice elicited a merited cheer. He could not always -quite overcome his jerkiness, but some j of . the pathetic passages were ren dered With a display of genuine feeling, and the -last' scene of all was well "acted. Mr; Bellair was solemn and unearthly as the Ghost, and his delivery was impressive and .even thrilling. Miss istoneham de serves credit" for the way in which she ren dered the very difficult part of Ophelia, which was not particularly adapted to her style of acting. Now and then the gentle mournful pathos of Ophelials. distraction was scarcely preserved; but, on 'the whole, a truthful con ception of the character was shown. Mr. Hill played the role of the first gravedigger with a -good deal of grim humor, and was well sup ported, by Mr. Martin,'as the second gravedigger. • The remaining characters were acted by the rest of the, company., The scenery was exquisite,.' and the piece was admirably put cn the stage. .To-night the. comedy'of "Still "Waters Run Deep " and the farce of "Nan, the Geod-for Nothing " will be produced. 