ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &6. " Give me leave To ept-Hk my mind."—Sbakspeabe. Like the same statue which, seen from different points, presents varying pictures, the unchanged Hamlet may be made to convey many impressions, according to the- aspect under which it is viewed. Two painters may draw the same face, and preserve the likeness accurately, and yet make pictures which have the strongest individuality. A true artist might paint a whole gallery of landscapes, and never change the position of his sketching stool. It is the same in music. Do you not remember Catalani's experiment with the familiar air of " Polly put the kettle on," which she sang to the delight and admiration of a crowd of cognoscenti, who inquired the name of the new composition. It is needless to say that in several descriptions of the same event one may have the most sub stantial agreement of facts and even of minute details, and yet each description shall differently influence the reader. Is it not constantly the case that discussions take place as to the beauty of a certain face, which has been seen at different times by two persons. The expression on one occasion has been happy, on the other the reverse. One disputant, therefore, insists it is beautiful, the other fails to discover its beauty. The old story of the knights and the shield—for the mention of which be good enough to suppose that I am apologising—helps to support this view, for which I am just now contending, that the same dramatic creation may be represented with entirely different specific attributes, so long as the generic qualities are not departed from. In this way is to be explained the absolute excellence of Herr Bandmann's Hamlet, which, notwithstanding that it differs so en tirely from Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet—con cerning which I need hardly say I have the most exalted opinion—may be measured by a like exacting standard of merit. As differing from some Hamlets that I have seen played and " heard others praise," it is a real, living, breathing thing. To speak of it negatively, it does not howl, nor groan, nor stride about the stage with unmeaning gestures. It has no spasms; it never mouths, never makes faces. It is not the slave of unmeaning tradi tions. It could not be all or any of this, and be, as it unquestionably is, the product of in telligence. It is perplexing to think that, considering the opportunities for effective display in the treatment of dramatic portraiture, so little should have been done with this marvellous character of Hamlet. The Shakspearian student has continually told actors what might be made of the character, but the actor has resented what has seemed to him dictation. It has been said, in effect, " actors alone know how to act," and they have con tinued to act Hamlet after their manner, to the confusion of the human intellect and the deterioration of the drama. I say it with great deliberation, that actors are responsible for the decadence of the drama, which decadence they are continually deploring. If the whole race of them had thought out their conceptions—that is, supposing them to have had conceptions, which in some cases has been more than doubtful—as Mr. Mont gomery and Herr Bandmann have thought out theirs, there need not have been any deca dence. Is it, however, too much to hope that the gesticulating howlers are put down ? that from this time forth nature is to have some , chance of recognition! It seemed .last Satur day night, indeed, as if this were, not a vain i hope. The Theatre Royal was filled with on audience in the very completest sense atten tive, ready to recognise all the merit of an -actor who, under quite the opposite of encouraging .circumstances, appeared be fore them to play a character, than which - hardly any in the whole dramatic range was more familiar to them. They were sure to make comparisons, and they were not sure to bear in mind that it was not necessary for the Hamlet they were about to see, to resemble other Hamlets they had seen and admired, in order to be in complete conformity to strictly characteristic requirements. It was a trying time for Herr Bandmann, and if, at the end of the performance, it had been necessary to say he had not answered all the expectations of his sanguine friends, there would have been little wonder. For the excitement and' ainxiety would well have explained any defi ciency of power or uncertainty' of particular presentment. The record stands, however, in the history of.tiie; Melbourne stage,' that' the German Shakspearian student if also the successful actor ; that, having lovingly -and reverently applied 'himself to the task of discovering Shakspeare's meaning; he has overcome the material difficulties of practically interpreting him, and so presents us with a Hamlet which embodies the poetry and the profound philo sophic feeling that go to make up the charac ter. There fa no mistaking the reality of Herr Bandmann's Hamlet- Is is: eminently dis net in its Outlines. The drawing is quite the opposite of feeble ; the lines are put in with a firm hand; you can see at a glance the specialty that distinguishes it His Hamlet is completely in 'earnest, and this notwithstanding his constitutional vacilla tion. But his very vacillation is earnest The earnestness, howevet. is the earnestness of thought The one idea of his father's death is always uppermost in his mind. It haunts him day and night and almost shakes his reason. But he is never moved from his design after once it is formed. Herr Bandmann gives a refutation to the theory that Hamlet's is an undecided character. There are men who move about the world seemingly listless and devoid of purpose, hut whose brains for all that move fast and furiously, and Herr Band mann makes Hamlet to appear one of these. The brain-tumult, like an intermitting vol cano, shows itself only now and then, but the boiling and seething are for ever going on. The violence of the eruption occasionally lessens the activity of the process, but it does not exhaust it It is easy, of course, to map out such a method of deal ing with a character, hut it is not so easy to work it out with entire consistency, and it is this merit of consistent development, to which Herr Bandmann is so well entitled. Apart from the satisfaction one may feel at seeing a piece of good acting purely on account of the accuracy of resemblance to a possible reality, it is a source of great satis faction to know that such apiece of dramatic portraiture, as a coherent and possible Hamlet, must be the result of careful thought and diligent study. To act Hamlet with mechani. cal correctness, and without being absolutely absurd, is not mnch; but to act Hamlet well is a stupendous work. To an average audience it probably never occurs that an excellent representation of a leading tragic part, is an achievement to excite special wonder. That the better the acting the simpler it appears, is a very old truth. But it Should be borne in mind with a particular recollection, that in Herr Bandmann's case the difficulties that have been encountered and surmounted, are of an exceptional description. It is some thing to learn a language at ail. An English man who speaks German so as to be under stood may boast of it It would, in its way, have been something to regard with astonish ment if Herr Bandmann had done nothing more than give a reasonably correct recitation of Hamlet; but seeing that he is to be judged without any apologetic qualification of labour ing under comparative disadvantage with respect to the language, bat may stand simply upon his merits as an English actor, it follows as a conclusion, that he must have possessed remarkable enthusiasm, and far more than common love of his art, to have induced him to confront all the difficulties that stood in his way before he could reach his present position. But the very fact of his occupying such a position is in itself an evidence that he had the genius of which we have just now such remarkable manifesta tions. His Hamlet, then, as X have said, is a consistent work, taking the unvarying tone—but with infinite modulations—of a deep sorrow for the loss of his father, and, on discovering the means of his death, of as deep a purpose of revenge. He keeps this feeling ever before him, and, by a skilful use of opportunities, continually makes tire feeling evident to the audience. Hie thus listens with a constrained manner to his mother's entreaty to "cast his nighted colour off," and with a contrasting eagerness arising ont of the same feeling, gives a willing ear to the relation o f Horatio respecting the apparition of his father. In the interview with the ghost the same feeling causes in him the most violent agitation and subsequent prostration. Nothing can be finer than the perfect manner in which Herr Bandmann gives expression to the strong working of this emotion within him. It seems to seize upon his very being, and to permeate his material organisation, like some electrical agency. To show the effect more clearly, he adopts a somewhat novel bat exceedingly effective arrangement of making the back of the stage quite dark, and keeping himself, with the exception of his face, in shadow. Upon his face the lime light is made to play, as if it came from some beacon on the tower, within the door of which the figure of the ghost is made to stand. This conspicuousness of the foetal movements has a surprisingly illustrative effect, as showing the terrible workings of his mind while the narration is proceeding. The strong influence of the ghost's revelation is , still farther exhibited by Here Bandmann's sinking upon a stone bench in a very agony of helpless distress, the filial manifestation being still, however, kept uppermost. It is skilfully shown in the assumption of madness, the. ' madness haing. for the obviouB purpose of hiding his emo tional promptings. It is subdued, but never lost, in the advice to the players, which is given with a sober gravity or a forced humour that are only intended to the mental struggle continually going on; and bo, in short, throughout the:whole perform ance, This consistency of method is as rare as it is artistic, and if even there were not abundant examples of particular in the course of its manifestation, the very foot . of its being so steadily kept in view could not ,but communicate a unity of . effect very ajgreeable to the spectator. Of points, readings, and special demon stratioris there is much more than can be said jhst now, and I shall come back to' the subject. Meantime the extraordinary success which attended Here Bandmann's acting in the third act, and particularly in the closet scene, is to be noted with emphatic common* dation. A chapter might be written about what has been done and what may be done to give emphasis to the action In this scene. Here Bandmann's method of permitting1 the ghost to cbine through the picture of Hamlets qntfe just as in a fury of'disgUst he Is about to throst his sword through ;it,}has a power ful effect utKm the fiudlenoe.^ The ertjledieht cjf making the ghost conie from the picture is not new, bat the fofentitv'ifc undoubtedly heightened 'by letting the ghbs come at the culmination, of this paramount determination of revenge. In this instance, too, the complete prostration which follows upon the entrance of the ghost' i* again illus trative of the strong but repressed pass!' which consumes Hamlet. It seems as if I had not half said all (hat I desired to say about Hen Bandmann's per formance of this character. The exigencies of space compel the postponement of the rest; hut there is so much to' say that I pro mise it shall not remain unsaid. The time is one in which the whole question of rational acting may be taken up, and as it affects in no inconsiderable degree the national character, and, indirectly, our social relations as connected with intellectual progress, it may well be spoken of again. Little Barefoot" at Weston's may hare gone more smoothly since the first night, but the first night it undoubtedly went quite the reverse of smoothly. Besides, it is out of cha> meter with the Black Business, even if it does go smoothly. There .is no objection to novelty, hut the success of Weston s hitherto has been not a little influenced by the con gruity of its materials, and "Little Bare-' font" something imnairs the conoruity. JAQUES. 