<i . ;,-n J <v? 'A demonstration took place inLimenck, August 1, in favour of the rqlcaseof Fe'niaji prisoners. Twenty tot»aiiA\'.'.fe»ns.'.fiwm Glare. Limerick, and Tipperaryi lncludihg'the/ organised trades, assembled, „ and walked), \ through the city with banners and bands. An ,, opeii-air meeting was . subsequently held, .-/! which adopted a letter to, Mr. Gladstone miinding the release of the prisoners in tlio " name of the Irish people. Mr. "VVarburton, High Sheriff of- Qnoen's:-'- County, was fired at on the morning of July , : lit, while driving to Maryborough to swear.in the grand jury; The assassin was concealed: ill,; > -awood-at Killkoon, -behind a wall, seven feet. high, and fired; in an oblique direction, ten-; yards distanco, into Mr. Warburton's; face.. ; . riie shot destroyed his left eye, and wounded the side of his head. Fortunately the gun was raised too high, and thus the greater part of' '' the charge riddled his liat, An extraordinary scene is reported to have :;! occurred oil Wednesday,- July 14, at Fethard,.!- county of Wexford. The Marquis and Mar- cliionoss of Ely have boon visiting their estates ; 1 in tliat part of the country, and were present > at some sports got up in their honour' Alt': , went pleasantly for a while, and the visitors surveyed the scene with evident enjoyment and received a hearty tribute of respect from ' the tenantry. After the distribution of prizes'", to the successful competitors, the pcoplo coir lcctcd around them, and cheered the Murchion-' ' ncss and the young nobleman who is soon to.;' , be their landlord with enthusiasm. Near thb"; ' marquis stood his agent, Mr. Hare, and Lord ' ,1 Ely, wishing that gentleman should sliarc iii;- '/ the popular demonstration, called for " three ;- clieors for Mr. Hare." Unfortunately it sprang a. secret mine of discontent, and an oxplosioif. " ensued, which must. have startled him. A, ' voice in the crowd instantly shouted out, No-' no, — three groans for him and a priest coin- -'' ing forward to the astonished group, and con fronting Mr. Hare, " Sir, I tell you to your beard you shall get no cheer. Your conduct as- agent for this estate deserves reprobation, not applause. The curses and the blood -of the ;ii poor people evicted from their dwellings inv Killosk bo upon j'our gnilty soul." The rev. .;.- gentleman, in a tone of great excitement,' " charged Mr. Hare with having caused, the-b; death of some people who were evicted, and ' the crowd expressed their feelings by " groan-'-;: ing in a most dreadful manner." Mr; Hare t made no reply, and tho marchioness, and marr yx quis seemed struck with astonishment. An-:- 1 other unpleasant episode had already occur- :.! 'red 'on the same . occasion. An artilleryman--:.: from Duncannon fort, who was present with a,: ' comrade, offered, or -was: supposed to have.:; offered, some insult to a Roman Catholic clcrr , : gyman. He was immediately set upon by " i the people, but contrived to effect ' his escape., ; His companion, who had done nothing and did , ; not apprehend any danger, stood liis ground, but was so maltrcatod by the exasperated , crowd that his life is despaired of, and; he- , would probably have boon killed on .the spot-if. it liad'not been for the intervention of the rev. gcntlcmnn and the constabulary. After .the .. scene with Mr Ilare the priest who accused,; ,-. him desired tho people to disperse quietly, and;./ they at once obeyed. ; A singular outrage was committed oh Thurs- 'b day evening, July 22; on tho lands ot Lisobc , bane, near the town of Tipporary. A surveyor;"-.- had been sent down from Dublin to define th <;!: boundaries of the estates of two brothers named Vincent, ' one of whom resides in CastlcconnelU .' and the other in Dublin. - He had scarcely en- , ; tered upon the lauds and commenced the work- when ho was suddenly set upon by four, men armed with revolvers, who searched him , thoroughly, took away his maps and other :, papers, tired shots to intimidate him, and,., warned him that if lie did not leave the land immediately lie "would be shot. It is hardly ,, necessary to add that he did not remain long in tlie field. It is .conjectured .that the persons who attacked him supposed that he had come -.. down to rc- valuo the lands with a viow to raising the rents. The,, place is situate near Einy, close to the lands of Glenhane, the pro- > perty. of Major George Fitzroy Smith, and not far from Rallycohcy, the scene of the Scully tragedy. The Tipperary Free Prexs states that the men had black serges over their faces, and that the supposition that the survpyor> whoso name is Ray, had been sent with a view-,- of raising the rents arose from the ullegcd cir- . . cumstancc that some time ago a proposition _ was made to the tenanta to give them, leases if tlicy would consent to have their rents raisod. His real object, however, was to take an aocu- rate survey, so that the property might be", equally divided. : At Carlow Assizes, on July 23, the case of Furlong, a National teacher, against Boland,: a priest, for slander,, was compromised, the deferi-, dant paying £200. The plaiiitilt, in his action, complained that .the, defendant denounced him at different altars, praying the cutse'bf the" Father, Son, and' 'Holy Ghost might, fall upon- ' ; liim .and accompany him to his death, and ' tliat the Almighty then might withhold His- mercy. In Cork the Corporation having received a ; -letter, from the chief secretary announcing that,, half the extra police should be charged on the; :/ city, it elicited a protest against the force, as , . , unnecessary. On the motion of .the ex-mayor..; ,, a resolution was passed that the council should, .; petition Pailiament to suppress all celebrations in the north offensive to Catholics. ... Tho arehb'shops and bishops of the Irish--' Church passed an unanimous resolution' on- August 4,. that a general Synod should be as- sembled as promptly as possible, in which the - ' clergy and laity should be fully equally repre-/" sented. Another resolution was passed declar- !' ing that, as the existing representation of the- " . clergy in their provincial synods was impeUect," it was desirable, for the carrying out., of the" : foregoing resolution, that these synods bo con-' ' vened to/consider the changes that would be necessary to adopt their representation to tlie: present circumstances of the Church. 