GENERAL NEWS. On Wednesday morning an accident occurred in Bundle-street. The roadway at the time was well nigh blocked up near the Norfolk Arms, when Mr. G. Anderson, Engineer to the Gas Company, rode by. A cart belonging to Mr. Pitt was drawing aside to escape another dray, and Mr. Anderson's horse ran into it. The shaft entered the poor animal's chest, and Mr. Anderson was thrown to the ground, but was not injured. The horse was led away, but we understand Mr. Chalwin pronounces the wound to be mortal. ■ ■ ■ • Oil Tuesday evening, as Mr. Culver, of Darlington, was exercising a young horse, and as he was coming down the hill at the back of the Flagstaff Hotel, the horse backed the cart over, bridge. The result was that, the horse was killed on the spot, and the cart much damaged, but, singular to say, Mr. Culver, who was in the vehicle, name off without the slightest in jury. Mr. Culver attributes the accident to the want of wheel-guards to the bridge, and blames the District Council for not having them put there. - Sunday next, January 24, has been ap pointed by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide as a Day of Thanksgiving to Almighty God for the ingathered harvest in all the Churches in his diocese. The following form of service has been, issued :— "Morning and evening prayer shall be the same, with the usual office for holy days, except where it is in this office otherwise appointed. "proper psalms. "Two or more of the following Psalms shall be used at the discretion of the minister:—Ps. lxv., Ixxxi., ciii., civ., cxliv., cxlvii. , " PROPER LESSONS. ' " For the First Lesson, one of the following shall be read at the discretion of the minister —Deut. viii.. 7; xxvi., 1 to v. 12; Deut. xxviii., 1 to v. 15; Deut. ixxxii., 7 to v. 20 ; Deut. xxxiii., 26; Isaiah xxviii., 23; Hoseaii., 14. " For the Second Lesson, one of the follow ing:—St. Matt, xiii., 24 to v. 31; S§^J<>hn iv., 31 to ;v. 39 ; St. John vi, 26 to v;"36; 2 Cor. ix., 6; Rev. xiv., 14 to.v. 79. "collect. O Almighty God, who in past years didst cause the pastures of the wilderness to be dried up; the harvest of the field to perish; and the husbandmen to be ashamed; and now in mercy has given us the former and the latter rain moderately, and restored to us the fruits of the earth in their season; give us grace also to use the same to Thy glory, and the relief of those that need, as well as our own comfort. Teach us also to remember that ' Man doth not live by bread alone, but by every word th it proceedeth out of the mouth of Ged.' Thou hast sent Thine own beloved Son to be the bread of life to our souls. Grant us so to feed on that bread that we may. live by Him for ever: who now liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen. "After the general thanksgiving shall be said the following:— " O Lord God of Hosts, who dwellest in the high and holy place, and yet hast respect unto the lowly; who makes t Thy sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendest rain on the just and on the unjust; who by Thy mighty power dost order all things in'heaven and earth; we yield Thee hearty thanks that Thou hast' safely brought us to the season of harvest, visiting the earth and blessing it, and crowning the year with Thy goodness ; we praise Thee for the fruits of the ground which Thou hast bestowed upon us, filling our hearts with food j and gladness. For these and all Thy mercies we laud and magnify Thy glorious Name; he seeching Thee to give unto us the increase of I all spiritual gift3, the bright light of the Sun J of Righteousness, and the dew of Thy heavenly ' blessing; and so plant us here in the house of the Lord, that we may flourish everlastingly in the courts of-, the house of our; God, through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honor and glory, now and ] for evermore. Amen. "the order of the administration of the lord's supper, or holt communion. "Instead of the Collect for the day shall-be used the Collect provided above for morning and evening prayer. . ' " The Epistle.—rl Thess. v. j 14 to v. 24. "The Gospel.—St. Matt, xiii, 36 to v. 44; or St. John vi., 5 to v. 15." Mr. Ebenezer Ward has been appointed Secretary and Short-hand Writer to the Stockade Enquiry Commission. An entertainment in aid of the building fund of Christchurch Schoolroom will be given on Friday evening next in the room. Mr. Howson's company repeated their entertainment on Tuesday evening. The same programme will be given again this evening. The last meeting of the Central Road Board, as at present constituted, was_ held on Tuesday, when a small amount of business was disposed of. We are requested to call attention to the announcement in our business columns, that the steamer Alexandra will leave early on Friday morning, and that passengers can go on board her any time the previous day. Tea and public meetings will be held at the Stow Congregational Church to- night," to afford the congregation an opportunity of bid ding the Rev. 0. »V. Evan farewell, prior to his departure for England. It is understood that a handsome testimonial will be presented to the rev. gentleman. The mail news of the price of bread stuffs in England is calculated to have a de pressing effect on prices here. Wheat in London was 4s. per quarter, or 6d. per bushel lower, and we hear that orders for supplies from this colony for the English market have been countermanded. Mr. Wheeler, the emigration agent for the colony of Queensland, has received authority to renew the assisted passages, which are granted to shepherds, ploughmen, skilled and agricultural laborers, mechanics, and other eligible persons, as well as free passages to female domestic servants of good character. The Queen has been graciously pleased to give orders for the appointment of the Eight Hon. Sir John Young, Bart, K.O.B., G.O.M.G., late Captain-General and Governor-in-Chief in an over the colony of New South Wales, to be an extra member of the civil division of the first-class, or Knights Grand Cross of the Most Honorable Order of the Bath. An accident of a serious nature occurred on Monday evening to Mr. John Edwards, butcher, Hindley-street. whilst he was pro ceeding home to Fullarton. He had left town with his son in a trap, and had gone some little distance beyond the Fountain Inn, on the Glen Osmond-road, when the horse shred and capsized the vehicle. The occupants were thrown out, and Mr. Edwards's collar- bone and leg were broken. His son however, escaped without any severe injury. An old lady on a steamboat observed two men pumping up water to wash the deck, and the captain being near her, she accosted him as fol lows :—"Well, captain, got a well aboard, oh ?" —"Yes, ma'am; always carry one," said the polite captain. "Well, that's clever," said she. '' I always dislike this nasty river water." 