ANGLING. EASTER AT XOUTITT BAY. Br W. H. N. (OONCIiUDKD FBOK OtJE LAST.) " Yonder, by those big snags," said C„ print ing to several semi-submerged trunks of treee which lay in the creek just above our camp, " was where I hooked all the $boomers\last time." " And where was it you caught your perch ?" (0. had sent a "tahtaliser" to 'the angling readers of The Autlralanan pome weeks before, descriptive of a previous visit of bis to Loutitt Bay, and chronioling among other things the capture, after no end of tough play, of a most desirable perch). •" Abtmy word, that was the fellow," and O.'fl " pbysog. —at ieaBt, as much as could be discerned of it from amid its masses of tawny hirsute sur round inge—brightened as he spoke. With the tempting spotted trout, white bait, crabs, and sundry other allurements, we set to work, then, full of hope. A plunge of my float, deep and viciously sudden, and I thought to myself " Here he is!' a mental allusion to the huge bream I bad dreamed of, nigh so fatally, on the journey up on the ' coeeb'top. But alas! when I "struck" and tenderly felt his strength, 1 knew ' bin only for another of those cheeky ' ten i ouncerB, of the like of which we had cap tured a sufficiency the night before. O. fol | lowed snit similarly. " I say, 0., where are I they, those big fellows?" Old B. now joined us from the lower reach, where he had , been all the morning fishing patiently, but without success. "Well," eaid he, "I don't know what you boys think about it, but I shall | be off to the St. George." All along that coast, every three or four miles at least for a considerable distance, there are creeks running in, and the " St. George " was one of these. It was only a couple or three miles away, and off old R. started, toltu, for it, 0. and I agreeing to follow him at mid-day, if not then in bettor luck. And to be brief, for " better luck" in the Loutitt stream that day we were un destined. Vainly was it that C. changed his ground and his bait, and reiterated that it waa "devilish rum," and pointed to the select scenes of former triumphs. Hither of " boomers " the creek was now destitute, or tbey, if present, knew considerably too much for us. 'lired at length of inglorious captures, blaming, of course, everything but our own skill, we gave in. On revisiting camp we found that our two other mates had been our successors at the herring pools, with moderate results. Neither of them, however, as I hinted at the beginning of my letter, were very ardent anglers. Bwallow I ing a hasty lunch and filling our pocket pistols, C. end I trudged off along the beach, hoping fondly the "St. George" might reeompence us for previous disappointments. But it waa not to be so. The St. George proved a greater sell even than the other creek, and had our fishing ended there I certainly etaould have spared my readers this infliction. We saw on reaching it old R., atiff and stark-like, out ou a little promontory patiently watching ha un disturbed line, dreaming, doubtless, of the "light of other days"—of the tussle in the torrent with the weighty trout or salmon, and we could tell at onoe on nearing him, by the gravity of his visage and joyless greeting, of the emptiness of his creel. It was no go. C. and I kept him company for a while, but could'nt raise even the ghost of a nibble. Then we all made sail back again, deciding to try for the sea fish off the rocks on the way campwarda. The tide, which was high as we walked over to the St. George, had now begun to recede rapidly, leaving sundry huge patches of rocks, all black and dripping, visible above the surf. MoBt of these could, we found, be reached^ with tolerable facility by jumping from boulder to boulder, and the thing was to get a cut into some comparatively calm hole or cove between the rocks. I very shortly got a stand to my liking, but my companions went further, leaving me to my reflections. Row thiB sort of angling waa entirely new tome. Ihand't the remotest notion of the kind offish I might chance to capture, and waa ; much inclined, moreover, to doubt catching anything at all. I had been pre-advised by C. of the sort of bait to be employed, via., " wilka" and "limpets," whioh were sticking to the roeks around me in great profusion, and I wanted no one to tell me that my "sinker must be a weighty one in such a current. So far so good. My station was toe ledge of a rock some 60ft. long, which, separated Only a fathom or two from another much skin, and also parallel to it, formed one wall of » deep channel, through which the retreating tide seethed and swirled. I had Btill my light "top1* rigged, end my ordinary gut bottom I and No. 1 hook, as for the bream, the only ' addition to too tackle being toe heavy plumb. Calmly end somewhat sneeringly, then, con signing the latter to the bottom, I eat down with the notion of a quiet spell. Pulting out my flask, I was just proceeding thoughtfaNy to console toe inner man, when, shade of departed Isaafc! a fiend in fish-like shape startled me to mv feet -again. Down went toe brandy flask, down, too, into toe foam bent theeupme top joint, the linespeedingthe whitolighteSig-hto fromthe winch. Fearfully quick it spun, and I bethought me of its sorry length~*toJnv forty yards only—a§ I grasped toe rod. butt, end knew that I most put a strain on. Steady l it held yet; had I a chance, I wondseed,*ad to! now, checked for an, inrfuA tl»u%uenw showed lumself fairly upon the eurEeto. A salmon, by all that was perilous ! awriritabto Victorian " salmon" a aperies tough and "60BTM m # jinp^tibla ftddradom, MtwO w look at and to fight with, fie wareneeriy a yard long, and* oould I but hteA him I should feel immoderately happy. Alas! for the sorry hope* A eeoomTe breath* with his nose raised wp towards me, arid tow, as a retiring wavelet swept Jram*-the lirtto channel, down deep along with it WW toe fish* gain, and I felt that We diwM p®J company. Bravriy festt toe gat J«t, and with plenty of line and epenwater, I tomk I bellow * wnd yas, there** wmmstojm»ott|lt ■S^^stsssssgstssm or •» before, fftakto^lith*my fine gut I Had ransacked totro to procure; of how thoroughly I had tested it ; and, finally, of how I had found nothing, after all, at the celebrated Uoutitt Say that could giro me any sport—a M foeman worthy of my steel!" And now, hen I was, fiercely excited, wildly gating down at the whirling eddy where my friend had disappeared, a minute later, wind ing away frantically at the winch with a view to replacing the departed bottom. So more " Spelling." Twisting a double gut—my line, Tthought, was good enough—soon I was in once more, with nerves braced for a fresh encounter. Got him again, lmd IP Ah! no; this was a different kind of article altogether; this kicking, plunging, bouncible J little fellow, twenty ounces or so in weight, | one of those, by the description, that C. called the u butter fish," and 14 we'll give you a taste of butter in the pan, my boy, to morrow morning," said I, as I gently un hooked and introduced him to my creel. A second, a third, hall a dozen, from one to i three pounds apiece; but the salmon he came not again. Sever mind, I was enjoying myself thoroughly, the more so, probably, that the landing of each fish was much hazarded by the strong swirl of the tide and sharp cutting rocks, of course very much increasing the ex citement Plenty of hooks went, but the time passed merrily. Presently I bad another ter rific run. Sticking to him like a leech, with the desperate determination to steer, if possible, clear of that beastly rock, very soon there came a check. Ah! he was not such a boomer this fish, nor was he a salmon at all either, but such a gloriously handsome fellow as he turned over on his side, all the colours of a hundred rain bows, that in my ignoranoe I fancied I most have got a dolphin. He gave me a lot of trouble. Too heavy to risk lifting, I had to ** show him the butt"—and, scrambling down the shelving rode, hoist him up by the gills to a (dace of safety. Mercy, what a set of teeth! Just like a rat's or a rabbit's. I couldn't make head or tail of him, but presently came to the conclusion, from his terribly coarse, rough skin, that be would be queer eating. These fellows aeemed to have driven away for the rime the butter fish, for I caught a whole heap of the former and nothing else in the hour succeed ing, but none bo large by some pounds as that first one. Then the pretty ones left, and the others began again. Finally, just at sundown I tamed to go. I should mention that I had •thrown all the rainbow- coloured fish into a basin in the rock filled with sea-water just behind me, and now, when I went to look at them, I found them gasping, and so dull mid leaden-looking, having lost their brilliant hues, that I was quite disgusted, and pitched them all into the bay again, doubtless, to their satisfaction. But my basket was quite heavy enough with the fat butter-fish. When I reached camp, then was old E. iu the most exuberant of spirits, giving the details of hie sport. Sharks had been his prey, or, rather, las attempted prey; for, similarly equipped to myself as regarded tackle, of course he hadn't landed very many of them. But he vowed he bed never enjoyed himself better. C., after catching two or three of the " leather-jacket*" (my many-coloured friends), had returned to his " old love," the quondam home of the big bream, but without bis deserved success. A high tide would be needful to open up the bar again before matters would improve as concerned those gentry, so we soothed our selves with the reflection of the severe caution we would make it to them on our next visit. And most thorough was the general merri ment. The tremendous supper that night, our appetites much akin to those of R.'a sharks, and the jolly yarns around the camp fire after. Eext day, and the day succeeding, foe we did not leave until Monday noon, there was more fun, more leather-jackets, sharks, and batter-fish, more Brobdignegian meals. Then, as we bade adieu to the little bay, and, climbing the wooded range again, gazed a last, wistful look from the summit, we felt that we bad neither of us wasted oar Easter. 