THE PATRIARCH OF CONSTANTINOPLE AND THE POPE. ;Tr;Esl:itt4 in Hit London Kunrdian from the KazttTu Xte,r.\ ?K.Mricttu frum Hit (jBkia! .Vcceh! of tlie Protofjn- \ The di.-f-UEijOuattl,c l'atrinrcb sl'slact cciiccrnio' i the invitation to the Council to he bi'.d at Rom,'. oS ? I lilinuic in last wv. li (( irt.iVr 3d:, t w,j prints of tlie ofin,p»ay ur Jloii.i^,,, Lruuu,.,. -,!,,. ];nvor uf ]lis llul:n,-ml,c l-ulK ,„ K-JDIC M cou-iaiuiuopie, came to ih.' I'rot.p^nc.liium acd rkqUl«i.d ^u atiiJii m.x- : with llif Jl»,t Holj Fatriauli. on llir parl r,f D-™ ' I 1 stas. as at'i-nt of II. lirunooi. i.ok absent at I'.l.u.o. . 1 lifting appointed for thi: iot.-rvimv -,vas bt-Hv-n i Uuud Juuu salurday, OaoUr Mi. About l.oc'.ock ou Saturday iiom Test-= arriv.-d ! accompauu-d by three 01 In r 'pri.sts. of whom one : spoke Greek „ little ; a.l. however. fp,jke lVemb I Af er inten-hangc of falutalion£ at tlie ITotosvn CLllium they were conducted by Ibe J'rotnfynr.iliig to Ins Holiness. Uavinir entered tbe presence of his I Bolin^s and kissed Lis handf, thev took their nitt at the kindly lnvitntion of the 1'ntriarch. who cm braced them. While his Holiness was proceeding with the customary expressions of kindnese andcood wul, they all rose, end Uom Testas took from his bosom a letter, tied with gold cord aud in a purple cover and handed it to the l'atriareh, while the priest next to him tald in Greek, ?? In the absence of Bru noni we come to invite your Holiness to the (Ecume nical -*juncil to be held at Home in the next year on the Sth of December, and therefore we call on you to accept thte present written summons. ' His Holiness having indicated by a motion of the hand that the eold-fastened epistle which Dom Testas brought should be laid on the desk, and that thev Ehouid be seated, addressed them in an earnest tone indicative of paternal love and kindness. II the dailv papers of Rome and others deriving information from them had not published the letter of summon'; of his Holineee to the, as ye call it, fficumenleal Council at Home, and. consequently, if we had not known the object and contents or the letter and the principles (platform or standpoint) of his Holiness, we would thanklully have rwwived the letter sent from the Patriarch of Old Home, expecting theoce to obtain some information. Since, however, the letter of sum mons already published in the newspapers has re vealed the principles of bis BollneeZ-princlnles utterly abhorrent lrom those of the Orthodox Eastern Church — on this account at once sorrowihllr ond etralltorwardly we tell your holiness that we cannot receive either such a summons or such a document from his Holinesu, assuming, as he does, the same principles ai have always been assumed by Rome principle* antagonistic to the npirit of the Gospels ana to the teaching of the (Ecumenical Councils and of the Holy Fathers. His Holiness having taken the same step also in 18*8, summoned the Oitbodox bastern Church to make answer, by an encyclical letter, showing distinctly and clearly the opposition of the orindplesof Home to tbe traditional and Apos tolic ones-ihe answer to which not only did not please but also gave offence to his Holiness ; and that his Holiness was really offended the counter reply from him clearly showed ; and since hit Holiness evidently will in nowise derate from bis own posi tion, neither (by Divine grace) do we mean to deviate from onrs. Wherefore we do not wish to occasion to him fresh offence to no purpose, nor can we endure to reopen old wounds and stir up again extinct hatreds by questionings and iispullogs ot words which end, for the most part, in breaches aud Ill-will ever, of evangelical and common love aod sympathy on account of the many and various dangers and trials which surround the church of ChriEt. ? Sor, again. Is any mutual understanding or discussion In Council posBible unless there exist first the common basis of the same principles acknowledged by both. And further, our opinion is that the mo't successful and least Irritating method ot solving such questions Is tbe historical method. Since it Is manifest that there was a Church in existence ten centuries back which held the eame doctrines lu Ihe East as in tbe West, in the Old as in tbe New Borne, let us each recur to that and see which of iu has added aught, which has di minished aught therefrom ; and let all that may have been added be struck off. If auy there be, and wherever It be ; and let all that has been diminished therefrom be re-added, if any there be, and whatever it be ; and then we shall all unawares find ourselves united in the same symbol of Catholic Orthodoxy from which Borne, In the latter centuries bavins airayed, takes pleasure In widening tbe breach by ever-new doctrines and institutions at variance with holy tradition. First Priest, Dom Testas— What opinions discord ant with tradition does your Holiness Intend ? The Patriarch.— To omit details, we cannot (so long as tbe Church of the Saviour is on the earth) admit— 1, that there is in tbe Universal Church of Christ any bishop, supreme ruler, and head other than the Lord ; a, that tllere is any patriarch, infallible and unerring, Bpeakine ex cathedra, and above (Ecumenical Councils, in which latter is Infallibility when they are in accor dance with Scripture aod Apostolic tradition ; 3, that the Apostles were unequal (in contempt of tbe Holy Ghost, who enlightened them all equally); or 4, that this or that Patriarch or Pope had pre-eminence ot seat, not by human and irnodlcal arrangement, but (as ye assert) by Divine right ; and other similar points. The Second Priert.-rt is not proposed that Borne should change her principles. The Third Priest.— Since the Council of Florence having examined such points united the two Churches, but still nome Individuals were left out of that union, these it is whom the Holy Father invites to the ap Droachlnc (Ecumenical CouncU. that these also m» be perfectly united. The Patriarch.— None but an uneducated man (and tout holiness belongs not certainly to this class) can by possibility be ignorant how many thugs bare been spoken and written against the Council of Florence. And, disputes having arisen Immediately after the last Session of that compulsory assembly, the forced union died In its swaddling clothes. An assemblage collected on political grounds, on eroneds purely of worldly interest, and which ended Ins decision im posed ibr a time on some few of onr Church by dint ot .starvation and every kind of violence and threat by him who was then Pope. Such an assembly is not even worthjr of the sacred name of Council. Accord Ing to an (Ecumenical Council— (Ecumenical Church and true Catholicity is,.and is defined to be, that holy and undeflled body in which (independently of its material extent) the sum of the pure teaching of the ApOTtle* is held, and the faith of the whole Church on earth, as It was established and thoroughly tried for the first eight centuries after the foundation of the Church, during which period the Fathers, both of tbe Bast and West, and the seven and only (Ecumenical and most holy and inspired Councils speak one and the same heavenly utterance of tbe Gospel. Let those Councils, and those reverend fatherb, whose writings arc familiar to all, be tlie safe and unerring guide of erery ChriBUan and bishop of tbe West who honestly longs and seek! for Gospel truth. They are the high est touchstone of Christian truth. They are tha safe path on which we can meet with the boly idBS of unity of doctrine. But every one wbo travels outside ot that path will be regarded by us as incapable of forming tbe centre around which to gather the members of the Orthodox Catholic Church. But if Imply any of tbe Western bishops have doubts regarding any of their doctrine*, ana wish to meet, let them meet and dis cuss them every day If they please. We have no such doubts regarding the traditional and unalterable doc trines of religion; and, moreover, reverend fathers, ft beinga question of an (Ecumenical Council, it surely does not escape your memory that the (Ecumenical Councils were convened in other fashion than as bis Holiness ha* convened this. If his holiness the Pope of Borne had respect to Apostolic equality and bro therhood, it were fitting that (aB an «qual among equals in point of dignity, hut first by canonical rlgbt in rank of bin sec), he should hare directed a separate letter to each of the Patriarchs and Synods of the East, not In encyclical and dictatorial form to impose Has though he were lord and master of all, but as a brother to brethren equal tn honour and station, to ask them if, how, where, and under what conditions they would ajfree to the assembling of ?liolyCounoiL This being go. either do ye, too, recur to history and the General Councils In order that on historical grounds maybe restored the mnch-longed- Tor true and ChriBUan unity, or we will again content ourselves with con tinued prayers, and supplicaUoDi for the peace of the whole world, the sreurity pi the Churches or God, and the union of all Christendom ; out, under such circum stances, we assure you with sorrow that we consider the conrenlng of the Council vain and fruitless, and also this document which ye have brought. Fourth Priest.— Is prayer alone, then, able to re store unity t If a man It sick, even while we expect the healing to come from God, and far this end offer earnest prayers and supplications, yet we neglect not to provide for him physicians and remedies. The Patriarch.— Speaking- of healing in comparison with spiritual things, only the Omniscient founder and perfeoter of lib own Church, Christ the Lord, knows of a certainty who It Is that Is sick— how grie vootthetlcknessla— what Is tlie form of the disease, and what the oorrespondtnjj remedy. Wherefore we again repeat there is great need of prayer, fervent and unceasing prayer, to our .Lord, who Is love itself, that He .will inspire all with love to God and all that leads to salvation. ~ r Harinr tins spoken, his Holiness ordered tbepro tosyneeuuB (who had sat next Urn and interpreted Us words In French) to take the document from the desk and give It back to the agent of llonejgnor Bru nonl who had delivered It; and soriBing up they gave the due reverence, and having received a kind fare well from his Holiness, theyleft tbe room aud de parted, accompanied as far as the stair* by the Protosyncellus. The Compulsory Vaccination Bill is likely to pass all its stages In the New South Wales Legislature during next week. A man named William Thomson was killed at Daylesford tbe other dayfby being run orex by his dray, from which be was accidentally thrown. The postal difficulty at Wood's Point has been terminated by a return to the old and more satisfactory arrangement. In consequnnce of an increase in the rates oT exchange on London, the buying price of gold has been raised three half-pence peroz by the Saud hurst banks. At Deniliquin, afew days ago, a teams ter named Michael Heaphey, said to be a settler near Kilmore,was killed by being run over by a load of wooL The Gaetle announces the discontinu ance of the penal hulks Deborah and Success as prisons. The following is a copy of a sign paint ed a few days ago InSOmorei— 'GeorgeP— ,Engi. neer and Machinist' ^ Mr. Bonsey, late police magistrate at Gedong U expected to retain to the oolony by next Ball steamer, and will. It lssald,set aa loam tenon IbrHr. Strut at Melbourne, daring the latter gentle man's absence on leave. . * A soldier of the 14th named Fitegibbon ed Ull Tuesday on a chaise of forgery oh the Rational Bank to the amount of £i! 5s sd. Over one hundred children and others have been vaccinated by Dr, Brewer at Portland with In the last two weeks. ? The attorney for Michael Flanagan, SSii? oW*!Sea ? «*«nge of venne from Belfast to H^S'1'1 ^K1 «» say that It was not a fear of sectarian prejudices which led to the application. 