OPENING OF TIHE SYNUD OF CATHOLIC BISHOPS, ONE of the most imposing ceremonies in connection with the Catholic Church. that has 'ever been witnessed in Melbourne, or probably in any of the Australian colonies, took place on Sunday in St. Patrick's Cnthe dral. The opening of the Provincial Council of the Australian Catholic H-lierarohy was celebrated with much solemnity and nnagni icence of religious ceremonial. As it is generally about once in a generation that such an event takes place, peculiar interest attached to it, and members of other relinions denominations ns well as those of the Ca~liolic Church looked forward with pleasure to being present at the proceedings. The present synod has been convoked by his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, Primate of Australia, to whom alone it belongs to summon such assemblages in these colonies. The council will consist of two sessions, the first of which was inaugurated yesterday, and the second opening on Thursday next, with solemn requiem high mass and office for the repose of the souls of the bishops and clergy who have died since the last synod was held. The council will sit privately in the Bishop's Palace, East Melbourne, every day during the present week; and will bring its delibera tions to a close on Sunday next by a public ceremonial similar to that which took place on Sunday. Admission to the cathedral was by ticket, the church being divided into three portions for the reception of persons according to the price of the ticket procured. About half-past nine o'clock admission was accorded, and the crush then experienced was something unpleasant to many. The members of St. Francis Benefit Society, wearing the blue sash of the order, acted as a kind of stewards, and made themselves very agreeable in pro curing seats for ladies when it was possible to do so. A temporary platform rising in tiers had been erected at the south end of the cathedral for the members of the choir, who numbered about sixty vocal and instrumental performers; including a band, the whole being under the able leadership of Mr. G. R. C. Pringlo. Soon after ten o'clock the bishops and clergy having vested in the private chapel of the Bishop of Melbourne attached to the episcopal residence, a procession moved from the chapel referred to in the following order : -Thurifbr with Thurible, cross-bearer sup ported by an acolyte on either side, about twenty youths in surplices and red cassocks, olergy from the various dioceses, seven suffraggan bishops attired in cope and mitre, and the Archbishop of Sydney, attended by his chaplains, and followed by two youths bearing his train. The following were the prelates in attendance :-Most Rev. Dr. Pold ing, Archbishop of Sydney; Right Rev, Dr. Shiel, Bishop of Adelaide; Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne; Right Rev. Dr. Matthew Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst; Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Mait land; Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn; Right Rev, Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town; Rin'ht Rov. Dr. James Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane, The Very Rev. Dr. Lynch, administrator of the diocese of Ai'midale, Neow South Wales, was also present . The clergy included: Rev. W, Kelly, S.J.; Rev. Mr. Bersante, Sydney; Rev. Dr. Cani, Brisbane; Very Rev, Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G.; Very Rev. W. J. Dunno, V.G., I-Iobart Town; Very Rev. Mr. Sheehy, V.G., Sydney; Very Rev. J. Smyth, V.G., Adelaide; Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, Brisbano; Very Rev. Archdeacon Downing, Geelong; Very Rev. Dean Slattery, Warrnam bool; Rev, Dr. Forrest, St. John's College, Sydney; Very Rev. Dean Fitzgibbon, Adelaide; Very Rev. Dean Moore, Ballarat; Rev. G. V. Barry; Rev. J. F.'Corbett, St. Kilda; Rev. Mr. Corletti, Sydney; Rev. Mr. Sheehy, Hobart Town ; Rev. J. P. O'Sullivan; Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods, Ade laide; Rev. Mr. Daroy, New South Wales; Rev. Dr. Bleasdale; Rev. Dr. Backhaus; Very Rev. Mr. Ponpenelli, Sydney; Rev. P. O'Meara; Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J.; Very Rev. J. Dalton, S.J., Richmond; Very Rev. Dr. M'Alray; Rev. S. l. . Sarail; Rev. W. Matthews; and Rev. J. AI'Carthy, New South Wales. The procession having moved through the grounds attached to the bishop's residence, entered the cathedral by the prn cipal door, and moved up the centre of the nave to within the chancel, where the bishops and clergy took up seats prepared for them. Immediately on the procession entering the church, the choir burst forth its sacred musio with an effect which was exceedingly fine. Each bishop had his own chaplain in attend ance on him within the sanctuary. Grand pontifical high mass of the Holy Ghost wasr then commenced. Mass having' concluded, the procession reformed in the order as befbre, and pnssed down the nave of the church andti round the oxtorior, singing. Having returned to the chancnl, and concluded the chanting' of the Psalms, the Archbishop offlbroed up prayer. After the singin' of some other psalms and hymns and the offering up of fur ther prayers, tihe decrees to be observed during the synod were read. All the bishops then kneeling around the altar, recited aloud the profession of faith of Pius IV., andt eacli prelate in his turn solemnly swore to l)rofess that faith till death, and as far as in him lay to preserve it inviolable amongst those over whom he was placed in pastoral chargo. The indiction or proclamation of the secondl ses sion of the synod was then made by tile Arclhbishop's secretary, ntd after Dr, Poldinug' had imparted the bonediction the ecclosiastics loft the church in procession as they had entered it, andt the Iroccelings closed at about half-past one o'clock.--A.e, Monday. Tr.E. brokers of' the 3allarat Stock Ex clhangeo report under date of Saturday last: 'Il'he share market, during' the past week, has been tolorably brisk, and mrost stocks have maintained thelir positions well. As an illustration of what amount of business may he expected so soon as the Black Horse or Learonmonth's reef has been fairly proved firther north, the market of Thursdny last was a fair index. 'T'he rumour that the Wellesley Company had struck a small quartz reef in their shaft, without any authorised statement as to what reef it might be, or whether it contained gold or not, had the effect of creating an immediate and strong demand fbr shares, not only in the Wellesley, but also in all the claims on what is known as the western line of mines, in contradistinc tion to another line running; parallel to them, but more to the eastward. At Blackwood there is great activity, and the important dis coveries daily taking place thore keep up a constant desire among many to invest. The Achilles Company, B]lackwood, have called f'or tenders for engine, boiler, and winding gear. The Surprise Company, Blackwood, have called for tenders for sinking their shaft. The Clunes and Blackwood Company have purchased a powerful engiine and two boilers for the sum of £078, and are about to have the same erected 'immediately. The Koh-i-Noor Company, Blackwood, have called for tenders for winding engine and boiler, also for a 10-head or 20-head battery, and engine to drive same. The Mount Egerton Company's shaft is down 150 feet. The North Egerton Company's shaft is down 273 feet; tenders have been called for pump lifts to be put in at once. The shaft of the Princess of Wales Company, Egerton, is down 259 feet; and the company have called for tenders for windino engine and gear. The shaft of the Sultan company, Blackwood, is 112 feet deep from surface, 12 feet having been sunk since engine was started, and 8 feet. 0 inches slabbed up; the mnachinery works well; the battery is now ready for crushing, having been thoroughly overhauled. The contractors for sinking the shaft of the Victoria Company, Gordons, from the 250 feet level are getting on with their work remarkably well, the ground being very favourable for them; the new machinery works as well as could be desired. The Kangaroo Bob Company are still sinking the shaft on Hicks's reef; the ground is very hard.. The White Horse Company's shaft is down 400 feet, and a heavy pump frame is being put in; the ground has changed during the week from black to white slate, sinking good, with quartz leaders. The main shaft of the Eroildoun Company is down 841 feet, anid the contract, 844 feet, will be com pleted on Tuesday next; tenders for sinking another 100 feet have been accepted, and the now contract will be commenced on that day. The No. 2 shaft of the 'United Hit or Miss Company is down 182 feet; sinking' pretty good, with leaders in the shaft, showing gold; a body of quartz is now on the floor of the shaft, in which fine gold is readily seen. The North Garibaldi Company have called for tenders for sinking their shaft. TInE Oourier reports as follows :-Surprise Company, Blackwood.,-The first general meeting was hold at Craig's hotel on Monday, Mr. Errington in the chair. There was a large attendance of shareholders. Messrs. Hansmann and Law, of Blackwood; Murphy, of Melbourne; Simkin, Erring'ton, D. Smith, and .George Watson, of Ballarat, were elected directors, Messrs. HaIIrrington and Langsford wore chosen auditors. The deed was adopted. The provisional directors re ported that a large addition had been made, to the claim purchased from the Alabama Company, about 13 acres, muking it in all 80 oares. The works committee will visit the claim during the week, and a tender for sinking the shaft 100 feet has been accepted. Black I-Iorse Company.--Yield last week, from 120 tons of quartz, 1832 ozs. 15 dwts. retorted gold. The deepening of the shaft was commenced last week. Barry's Reef Company, Blackwood.-Several of the direc tors and the legal manager visited the claim on Thursday, the 15th, for the purpose of selectin' a site for the permanent shaft. A fair numt er of the Blackwood proprietary were present, as well as some of the old residents, who gave useful information. A sphot between the lines df the Sultan and Pioneer companies having been fixed upon,. Mr. Henry Walker, of Blackwood, per formed the ceremony of turning the first sod, and remarked that he had much pleasure in performing this duty, being persuaded, frolm his knowledge of thIe ground, that the under talkings of time company must be successfil. After a short address fronm Mr. J. A. Wilson, the chairman of the Board, the mnachineryI consisting of a ten-horse engine driving eight heads of stamps, was inspected, and although too small for permanent work, will be founrd very usefhl in testing the quartz fi'om thie various.lodles traversing the claim. The tun nel driven from the creek was also visited. It is 500 feet in to the south-west, and is intended to intersect the several reefs, Two have been crossed, but rather small, and although containing gold, not deemed paying'. It is supposed 80 or 40 feet will reach the reef for which the tunnel was principally commenced. A contract has been let for this at 1os. per foot. The party returned highly satisfied with the prospects of the mine. CHIILTERN (reports the Ovens Spocttorr) was somewhat ruffled on Wednesday last by a pugilistio encounter between a borough councillor and a butcher, Tlhere was a con siderable concourse of people assembled to witness the nilnay, and a circle was speedily made for the belligerents. The biutcher drew first blood- this being his particular line of business, was, of course, no more than might have been expected-and Sergeant Rankin having opportunely arrived at the scene of the conflict, the battle was brought to an abrupt termination. Time, 2 minutes, 15 seconds. TirE Western Australian papers report that a party consisting of six men and fifteen horses was to start about the middle of the 'rosent month to search for the remains of r. Loichhardt. This expedition has been uudertaken in consequence of the" report brought by Mri. Monger that thIe natives hind spoken of a massacre of three whites at a place some fifteen days' eastward of the furthest point reached by that explorer last year-the date of such massacre corresponding nearly with the date at which Dr. Lemchhardt would, under ordinary circumstances, have penetrated nearly to the Western Coast. T'Ihe search haIs been undertaken at thIe instance of Dr. Mueller, of Melbourne, who was expected to Join the party. The expedition is not likely to be absent for more than two months. qTiE Catholic archbishop, and the seven bishops who are sitting in synod at present in Melbourno, with the thirty ecclesiastics associated with them, have been invited by thie Catholics of Melbourne to a dejeu'ec on T''uesday morning next. It is probable that St. Georgeo's hall will be selected as the scene of the feistivity, and ladies will be admitted. On account of the la~ge number of' guests it will scarcely be practicable to find room for the number of Catholic ladies and gentlemen who will desire to be pr'esent.-l2cleqrapI. IT is not often that a family, giftedr even as the Carandinis, can win such favour in the eyes of a royal personage as to obtain his patronage in the manner Miss Rosina Car andinis is reported to have done. H.R,H. the Duke of Edinburgh, so rumour Bath it, has promised to provide the means for that young lady's musical education by first-rate European masters.-Age. THE rage fbor velocipedes, which is so much the ftashion in Europe, has extended to Ado laide, and it is probable they will shortly be in common use in the streets. THE Geelong' ldve;qtiser. contains the fol lowing statement :-" Our colonial ham curers and farmers interested in rearing pigs for the colonial market, will be glad to Inow that by the present mail, ndvices have been received from houses at home that used to export largely to this colony, to the effect that the demand at home, coupled with the duty of about 1d. a pound, precludes any shipments to this market. The colonial manufacturer and producer have now the market in their own hands. Protection has had something' to do with it, and it is a curious fact that the new colonial starch factories are beginning to tell also on the London trade to this colony in that article." THE late Mr. Clark, jun., of Mile End, has left somewhere about £80,000 to found com petitive bursaries in connection with the Utniversity of Glasgow, which will be available in the. course of two years. He has also bequeathed £90,000 to the Royal Infirmary of the same city, to be paid at the death of Mrs. Clark.--Melbourne GOlristian Review. TUrsDAY's Telegraph says :-" The South western election is .virtually over. Mr. Andrew Rutherford finding' that Mr. Russell would have the support of the Government in the event of a contest, has withdrawn from his candidature. Mr. Russell, it is stated, had arrived at a similar determination, but his action was anticipated. A retiring spirit of this kind is not often manifested in the political world, and deserves special mention. As the election deposits had to be made yes terday, and as Mr. Russell's was the only one received, that gentleman is in fact now elected. The formal declaration will be made to-day." A GEELONG paper speaks as follows of the productions of the Victoria Woollen Cloth Company :-" The new patterns that are now being made are exceedingly neat, and the improvement that is gradually being made in the quality of the tweed is very discernible; they may not possess a finish equal to some imported, but. as regards strength they are equal if pot superior to anything that comes over the sea. It is satisfactory also to be able to state that the demand is on the increase, all the looms being constantly kept -oing' to furnish the suppl.. Yesterday a fotter was received from the Ballarat Volun teers asking if the company could supply them with a quantity of green cloth. The committee of the Ballarat Orphanage have also written to ask if they can be supplied. Both these orders can be executed, and in the course of three months the company will even be able to supply scarlet cloth for volunteer firemen and others." ALLUDINa to the rabbits with which the district is infested, an Ondit correspondent says :-" They increase in a rate that is truly astonishing, and nothing less than extermina tion will pacify public feeling in that locality. Stations, farms, vineyards, and fruit gardens have each in turn suffered devastation and how or where the remedy is to be found it is' hard to say; the thousands of pounds ex pended by SMr. W. Robertson during the past two years, have' resulted in anything but a satisfactory solution of the difficulty. They are so numerous here that it is easy to kill them with stones," 'TIIE proprietors of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, having secured the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, have now, with the view of shutting out all opposition, it is to be pre sumed, become the lessees of the Princess s. AT the Criminal Sessions on Tuesday, the jury, after an absence of two hours and a half; found Ah Coy guilty of obtaining money firom the Chinese residents of the Castlemaine district, under false pretences, and he was remanded for sentence. They appended the following rider to their verdict:-" The jury are unanimously of opinion that the police authorities in the nCastlemaine district have been guilty of neglect of duty, the gambling houses having been carried on for so many years with their cognisance, thereby offering a temptation to Ah Coy to fraudulently extort money from his countrymen. The Ijury wish to testify their approval of the efficient man ner in which tlhe interpreter discharged his duties during' the trial." This rider was sigied on behalf of the jury by MIr: II. J. King, their.foreman. This remarkable deli verance has a much larger application than to tIhe Castlemaine district; for it is notorious that the system has prevailed for years all over the colony wherever the Chinese have settled down in numbers.--Age. 