" IN OUR HABIT AS WE LIVE." j — Siiakspeisj-:. It appears to be pretty generally desiied— at any rate the wish has been pretty frequently expressed, — that IT. E. IT. the Duke of Edinburgh, on the occasion of this, his second visit to Sydney, | should see us under a totally different guise to that in which ne j dazzled his unaccustomed eye, on his first appearance amongst us I not arrayed m ail the hues of the ramoow, not resplendent in glori- i ous " ties," matchless Aptomons, coats in which hopeless insolvency j and life-long Darlinghurst appeared to be bursting from every seam, ! ancl continuations highly suggestive of embezzlement, breach of j trust, and the other preliminaries to an interview with Sir Alfred j Stephen, and a subsequent enforced visit to that pretty little island in Port Jackson, popularly known as Cockatoo. Ladies, instead of parading their parents' ultimate ruin on their backs, and wasting the, perhaps, hard earnings of a year in the madness of an hour, are expected, on this occasion, to keep that madness in the back-ground. The wholesale system of disguises adopted by the entire community during the " amiable insanity" which obtained in this city during last February and March, is to be annihilated. Thus, counter jumpers shall no longer be allowed to Hatter themselves, that they are chevalier s vans peur et reproche, with boundless wealth at the banks and faultless pedigrees. Volunteers shall no longer labor under the belief that they are distinguished military authorities. Cabinet ministers shall cease to don the livery of St. Giles, under the pleasing impression that they have with it assumed the air and aspect of " St. Jeaems," — and, though last not least, certain young j ladies, with an exemplary knowledge of the requirements and man- ; agement of "Thomas's machine," an extensive appreciation of the delights of picnics, and appetites massive enough to swallow an admiring clerk's monthly honorarium at one luncheon, shall no longer l dress within an inch of their lives, and starve within less than an inch of their deaths, in the vain hope that they may be taken for the fair " blue blood" of Australia, who will, in the eccentricity of pure and unadulterated fashion, prefer promenading the sweltering 'pave of George- street to using "the carriage" which "pa" has set at their disposal, said " pa" being possibly a gentleman actively engaged in the development of a system for the extension of the circulation of writs and summonses, or devoted to the important and dignified responsibilities of diminishing the weekly supply of dust and offal from our thoroughfares both by day and night, or even a City turn- cock. The Prince will not be expected to see in heterogeneous heaps of firewood and colored calico the stone and marble of real " tri umphal arches," or believe that the monstrosity in Hyde Park par took more of the nature of a " fairy Pavilion " instead of a very wretchedly and incommodiously built Cowshed. N© ! the Fates bo cherished ! Nous auons change tout cela ! Popular opinion has determined that Prince Alfred shall sec us all undressed — no, not exactly undressed, but in undress — in our working suits. This is a decided improvement, if in nothing else, at least on the score of economy. Dressing down, instead of "dressing up, " is to be tko rule, general seediness the fashion, and universal out-at-elbowisli- ness tie rigncur. Young Spivins, of the Circumlocution Office, at the conclusion of his daily toils, will be seen airing himself in George-street, in the well-known alpaca coat with the dilapidated sleeves; the "shocking bad hat," long sacred to the memory of wet days, and the painful associations connected with the necessity of wearing it back again to the office in the morn ing ; ink-stained trousers ; rapi vests ; and shirts of the jonquil, rather than the lily hue, can be now drawn from those repositories where they have been carefully hoarded up, with a prudential view to possible adverse contingencies in the unrevealed future. Sons of Mars (whose "pas" might have trained thoir young ideas to shoot in a more useful direction than that involved in "playing at soldiers," and killing time, heedless of ramrods, and other harmless implements of warfare) need no longer endure voluntary torture in tight accoutre ments, but be as ornamentally, and more usefully, employed, in their natural avocation of spreading meat, butter, cheese, quartern loaves, groceries, vegetables, and cheap haberdashery, at the houses of their masters' customers. Old men, who have " retired from business, " into the enforced and uncongenial dreariness of private life, and sot up for "'gentlemen," with marriageable and pianoforte-playing daughters, can again put on their calico sleeves, linen, baize, or leather aprons, blue serge frocks, as the case may be, and show the armour in which they nobly fought the battle of life in days gone past. Those 'who are not blessed with a redundancy of old clothes to keep "i' tli' eye of the fashion," can easily supply the deficiency at a small expenditure, by a stroll down Lower George-street, or Brick field Hill. However, Mr. Punch will not dwell longer on this theme, except to express his extreme satisfaction, that, on this second Eoyal visitation, we Australians are going to " shew for what we are,'' not for what we are not not, and never will or can be. He only hopes the spirit of this change will be carried out to the letter, and Prince Alfred he convinced that " all play and no work " is not our motto. Nobody can, for an instant, doubt that mutual satisfaction on the part of Prince and people, will eventuate from their intercourse, ere the former finally leaves our shores, though some shallow alarmists would not have had us think so some short time back. And this brings Mr. Punch to a slight retrospect, in which he intends to in dulge, ere refilling his inkstand with a fresh supply of pure black writing lluid — renewing his supply of sharply -pointed pens — repaper- ing his portfolio with the best and purest of ' ' cream laid ' ' — and plentifully sprinkling his sanctum with a choice assortment of Rimmel's most fragrant perfumes, to clear it of the odious scent of mortality' — of "dead men," "ghosts," hobgoblins, Fenians, skulls, cross hones, &c.; , with which he has, in the interests of the community, been regretfully compelled to impregnate it for so long time. The duty being performed, he dismisses the hateful subject for ever from his columns. "Gentlemen, you are all poisoned ! " is the pleasing intelligence, complacently conveyed to a party of young Venetian nobles, by Lncretia Borgia, of sainted memory (in the drama " of that ilk") when she has "cooked their gooses," at a supper in Ferrara, as a slight return for some expressions, impugning her perfect propriety of conduct, uttered by them in Venice. "Gentlemen, you are all traitors ! " is the equally pleasing intelligence which our modern political Borgia, Mr. Henry Parkes, backed by thirty-one kindred dolts, parasites, and spirits, has been enabled to convey to the people of New South Wales. Yes, this "glorious thirty-two" have triumphantly proved — atleast, Mr. Punch hopes so, to their own satis faction, that treason has been rampant in our midst — that organisa tions for assassination really did exist — and that if O'Farrell had failed, somebody else would have taken his place, the only contradic tion to the latter assertion being, that, by the blessing of Providence, O'Farrell did fail, and nobody else did take his place. However, let Parkes enjoy the only sweet which has mingled with the cup of bitterness he has so long had to swallow, with what appetite he may — let him imagine the decision of " the thirty-two " is the voice of the country and of Heaven — that he is a hero and not a humbug- in short, let him think and do just what he pleases, in peace, until the next general election proves whether the masses are grateful for the stigma cast upon them, or "more t'other." I read somewhere or other, recently, what I consider a remarkably sensible, and if there were time to carry it out, practical suggestion, emanating, I presume, from one of the "faithful few," namely that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh should be forewarned of the character of the people he is coming amongst. Forewarned is fore-armed, and it is impossible now to predicate, with any certainty, what new atrocity may he in store for him at the hands of our now "proven" blood-thirsty community. It is to he hoped that all llio defensive resources of the Galatea will he made ready for active service. A few " cases " of small-pox on board, possibly, would not be a bad shipment for protective purposes. Seriously speaking, it is a good thing the outrageous farce is over, for the result cannot, in tho slightest way, affect public opinion, or substantiate in one tittle the fact it was intended to establish. The small-chance majority, elate at finding themselves masters of the situation, pressed on to the division without any consideration of justice, parliamentary propriety, or common courtesy — not allowing any further debute on tho matter, ignoring Dr. Lang's claim and wish to be heard, and finally won their twopenny-halfpenny victory amid a flourish of " penny whistles," for which it is some satisfac tion to believe that they will ultimately have to pay dearly. The wind-up to the debate was in perfect unison with the final result. When the motion for adjournment was decided by a most positive negative, the House seemed to give themselves up to a gene ral " corroborec," and a scene ensued that fairly out-bear-gardencd the lowest bear-garden of the "good old times." The orgies con cluded most fitly with what almost amounted to blasphemy to loyalty and common sense — three cheers for the Queen ! generated in the fertile brain of the astute Piddington, and heartily responded to by the majority of members present. Mr. Punch does not know if they afterwards harmoniously proclaimed their " jolly good fellow- skip" in the approved manner, but it is quite within the range of the " possibles." Quos Ueus rail perderc prius demcntat I While these lines arc falling from Mr. Punch's pen the "loud thunder of the guns " announces to his expectant ear the fact that the Galatea is once more in Port Jackson. He therefore concludes with God Save the Queen ! Long Live the Prince ! Advance Aus tralia ! and may the shadow of Toby's tail never grow less ! ! A 