BLACKWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THE Morning Star claim embraces the Bald Hill reef, an account of which I gave in my last week's letter, and likewise two other reefs, one of which is the Morning Star reef proper, and it is on this reef the Morning Star Company's operations are being carried on. As this company's existence is but of short duration, a brief sketch of its career may not, perhaps, be uninteresting. The com pany consists of six working shareholders, and was formed about two years ago for the ostensible purpose of working the Specimen Hill reef, or rather the debris that came from the old workings, and which was thought by every one to be highly auriferous, and no doubts were entertained by any one of remunerative returns, providing that an engine and battery were erected in the neigh bourhood of the reef. These two indispensables were provided by the company, and their first effort was the erection of the mining plant now on their claim. As soon as the plant was ready, crushing operations commenced, but the yields were kept such a profound secret that it is not easy to state correctly what they were. I shall not attempt to guess at them, but one thing is certain--they were no good, and it is no secret that the company was all but collapsing, and thinking of abandoning the ground. Preparatory to giving up the ghost, several examinations were made of other parts of the claim, and in one of these forlorn expeditions Mr. L. Haden was pacing along the claim with pick and prospecting tools in hand, no doubt pondering on disappointed hopes. While in this reverie, a piece of quartz sticking out of the ground caught his foot, and very nearly made him kiss terra firma. This bringing him to his senses, the thought struck him to break the quartz in two, and when he did this what was his astonishment on perceiving two specks of gold in the solid stone. The ground being no great depth to the bed rock, he immediately set to work and put a crosscut or trench across the line of reefs, and discovered what is now known as the Morning Star line of reef. The trumpet of hope having sounded, the company set to work and got out a crushing, the result of which was a cake of 62 ozs. of gold. Subsequent crushings followed with equally satisfactory results, but this part of the mine is in a gully where there seems to be an everlasting spring of water, and the slightest shower of rain made the place disagreeable to work, so that part of the mine has been aban- doned, and the same reef is opened and being wrought at a higher elevation on the hill, where the operations of the company were so encouraging as to induce them to commence a tunnel from within 50 yards of their battery for the more economical working of the mine. This tunnel is driven in about 800 feet, and was destined to cut the Morning Star reef, but did not; they, how ever, cut what is supposed to be a third reef, but it is so broken up it can be called nothing but a series of veins. The company tiring, or perhaps fearing there was no reef to cut, suddenly verged up through the slate to meet their workings on the hill; in doing this they struck the reef, which is not driven through, but 10 feet of it have been opened, and good prospects can be got the whole thickness of the reef. A jump-up was being put up from the tunnel, which is about completed, and a drive from the workings following the underlay of the reef to meet the jump-up is about , 60 feet in length. The reef for this distance lies as level as a bowling green, following the under lay, and is of uniform thickness, carrying payable gold. The company calculate to have at least eight feet of stone, that will yield from 4 dwts. to 6 dwts. to the ton. The total depth of the tunnel level from the surface is 115 feet, but the great underlay the reef has will give about 150 feet of reef, so the company has a long course of pros- perity before them. They state that 3 dwt. stone pays the shareholders £1 per day after clearing expenses. Their engine and battery was the property of the Johnston's Reef Company, from thence it was taken to the Garibaldi reef, and from there to the Morning Star. The engine drives eight heads, and the water is supplied to the engine and battery from a dam constructed in a gully close by. A small ripplet of water runs constantly from the tunnel into the dams, and in dry times the water can be used over again, so that the company has altogether the best oppor- tunity of working their mine that any company possibly could have. This company's claim was put on the market, but reverted to the original shareholders, the promoters having paid more attention to other ventures, and neglected what probably is a mine second to none on Blackwood. The Cosmopolitan joins the Morning Star to the south, and Ballarat and Blackwood to the north, and an extensive claim, the Planet Quartz Com- pany, further on; but as I have already exceeded my limit, I shall defer may observations on these claims till next issue. From various sources I learn that those reports are being read with some degree of interest, and as a matter of course a considerable amount of criticism is the result. If I were to write to try to please everybody, I should be like the man with the ass-- please nobody. It seems, however, that I was in error as to the discovery of the Trojan reef. The simple facts are these:-Mr. W. Leonard found the specimen, and was able to trace the reef on the surface; and from prospects which he tried got from ¼dwt. to 1 dwt. to the dish. Having taken in Mr. J. Harris as partner, a shaft was begun, Mr. W. Leonard contributing his share for sinking the same. The shaft was sunk 100 feet deep, and the Trojan reef struck, from which splendid prospects were obtained. A gentleman who does not hold an interest in the mine is open to lay a heavy wager that he can take 100 tons of quartz at the 100 feet level that will yield 10 dwts. to the ton. I may remark that the discovery of the Trojan reef contributed in no small degree to directing attention to the Yankee line of reef, and as our scrip and mines seem to be greatly neglected for the present, it is to be sincerely hoped that the Trojan quartz, when crushed, will come up to expectations, as nothing but good steady yields can raise our scrip from the state of unhealthy lethargy into which all the Blackwood stocks have fallen. The contract for sinking the Surprise shaft 100 feet has been completed. A copious flow of water was met with in the last few feet, which is reckoned to be a sure indication of proximity to the reef. The company have called for tenders to put in a drive to cut the Trojan reef, which is expected to be met with in less than 50 feet. The Red Hill tunnel is in about 100 feet. They expect to cut the reef for which the tunnel was begun within 50 feet. A public meeting was hold at the Oddfellows' Hall on Monday evening, and about seventy persons were present, Mr. J. Stewart was pro- posed as chairman, but declined, Mr. E. G. Magnus was afterwards proposed, and it was carried unanimously that he should occupy the chair. Mr. Magnus then took the chair, and explained briefly and lucidly the object of the meeting. He called on Mr. D. G. Stobie to propose the first resolution. Mr. Stobie then said: In being called upon to propose the first reso- lution, I may state that until I came to this meeting I had not the slightest idea of the nature of any resolutions that were to be proposed, so there is nothing preconcerted or hole-and-corner work, and this is a real genuine meeting. He said that Blaokwood had become a place of some importance, that it was not the obscure place it had been for many years past. The great atten- tion paid to our quartz reefs, and his belief in their successful development, made him believe that Blaokwood would attain to greater eminence. He then entered at great length into the necessity of endeavouring to procure a good and shorter road to Blackwood, and alluded to the long and almost impassable road via Kyneton, and the one not much better between Ballan and Blackwood. He said he hoped and believed the meeting would be unanimous in passing the following resolution: "That this meeting heartily approves of the action taken by the Ballan Council in appointing two of their members to act as a deputation to wait upon the Commissionor of Roads and Bridges for the purpose of obtaining a portion of the vote of £12,000 voted specially for bridges, and that this meeting appoint some person present to accompany the deputation appointed by the Ballan Shire Council to urge the special claims of Blackwood to a portion of the said grant." Mr. Stobie then made some lengthy remarks as to the desirability of sharp action in the matter, and very lucidly pointed out the great advantage Blackwood would reap from a shorter and better communication. The chief difficulty in starting the proposed new road was the erection of a bridge across the main creek, and it was to try to get assistance to do this that the meeting was con- vened. He trusted there would be no apathy in the matter. Mr. H. Walker seconded the reso- lution, and perfectly coincided with all that had fallen from the previous speaker. He said he had no doubt but the Government would listen to their appeal, and good reason they had. He believed that no less than 4,000 acres had been applied for under mining leases, from which an immense sum would be derived. This barren district of Blackwood, for its population and size, had contributed more to the consolidated revenue than any other district in Victoria. He might add that in the course of last week Mr. Millyard had mentioned to him that the Ballan Shire Council had appointed a deputation, and thought it would be well to call a meeting, and appoint some one to accompany them. He concurred with Mr. Millyard's views, and took upon himself the responsibility of calling the meeting. The Chairman then called upon Mr. James Ferguson to read the second resolution. He said--Before reading the resolution I have been appointed to propose for the meeting to support, I may state that I was not aware that a meeting was to take place on the subject until I saw the posters. The resolution when handed to me did not contain the name of the person to be proposed, so I suggested that the blank be filled in with Mr. H. Walker's name, as a suitable person to accompany the deputation. As the gentlemen who have already addressed the meeting have so clearly pointed out the necessity for unanimity and prompt action on the subject, I shall not detain the meeting, as anything I might say would be but a repetition of what has been already said. The resolution is "That this meeting appoint Mr. H. Walker to accompany Messrs. Millyard and Ryan to Mel- bourne as a deputation from the Ballan Shire Council to urge the special claims of Blackwood on the Government, to participate in a portion of the grant voted for the construction of bridges." Mr. T. Daley seconded the motion. Both reso- lutions were carried without one dissentient voice. Mr. Walker intimated that the result of the interview would be made known at a meeting convened for that purpose. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the meeting broke up. Blackwood stocks are still dull. New Garibaldi rose from 5s. to 25s. on Thursday, but the Ballarat correspondent of the Argus says that so little confidence has been felt in the early promoters of the mine that this rise is not thought much of. Snake Gully wore quoted in Melbourne on Monday at £5. At Ballarat--Koh-i-noor, 11s. to 12s., 12s. to 13s. ; Union, promoter's share, on terms, £85. "We direct attention to the advertisement on the front page, of the opening of London House, Red Hill, the establishment of Charles Lovegrove & Co. We take the following reports of quarterly meetings from Thursday's Courier:-- Achilles.--Shaft down 102ft., will be opened out in five weeks ; engine, boiler, and winding gear delivered ; balance to credit, £81 2s. 2d. Retiring directors re-elected. Faugh-a-Ballagh.--From rate of present yield profit of 50 per cent. expected. Another shaft is to be sunk. Expenditure above receipts £79 4s. 4d. Directors re-elected. South Garibaldi.--A full-sized shaft had been sunk 200ft., and was to be taken 50ft, lower, Balance £30 8s. 4d. Messrs. Richardson, Jones, Richards, Roche, G. Herman, Avinski, and Levy, directors. 