(From the Courier. I Sydnbv— Wednesday.— The Bill to repeal the Treason Felony Act has been read a second time. — The Panama mail steamer Bakaia has arrived. The news she brings has been anticipated. — The Cham ber of Commerce have decided against the proposal to establish a Customs union for the principal Aus tralian colonies. Melbourne— Wednesday.— The Prince attended the Governor's Parliamentary dinner last night. — Trade is dull. DaLby— Tuesday. — Another fire took place at 9 o'clock to-night, by which Campbell and Co.'s lemonade manufactory and a house adjoining were totally destroyed. The loss is said to be very heavy. — A stockman at Jimbour has had hiB back broken by being thrown from a horse. Bowen. — Thursday. — The officers and men be longing to H.M.8. Virago gave a theatrical perform ance last night, whioh was very successful, the honse being crammed. They will give another per formance to-morrow night.— The townspeople will give a picnic to the officers and men of the Virago on Wednesday next. — A draft petition for separa tion was submitted yesterday to the Provincial Com mittee. It will be forwarded to the Townsville Committee for approval.— The weather is fine with a cool breeze. Sydney. — Thursday. — At the wool sales prices were very firm. Melboukhe ? Thursday. -The Prince attended the cricket match, Galatea men v. Aboriginals. Adelaide. — Thursday. — Colonel Mayfor tod eeveral of the officer! of the Volunteer Corps have resigned. - TttK heavy thunderstorm which passed over the town bat evening caused an interruption in the telegraphic communication, and consequently we have no intercolonial telegrams in this morning's issue. We have received Mr. Pugn's annual contribution to our office library, and on looking through its pages we find many valuable additions to the mul titude of good things it previously contained, and we heartily recommend it to «ny of onr leaders who rejaire a really useful M'''*'. and a valuable book of reference. *Vt Report of Patients in the Toowoomba Hospital * for tbe week ending March 8th, 1869 :— In hospital last report, 16 males 8 females ; discharged, 3 nudes? remaining in hospital, 16 mates 2 females j receiving nut-door medical relief, 6 adults and two childeren. Or. Anderson will be the visiting surgeon for next week. -t We are gratified to state that the Minister for J I*ndsh*e instructed Mr. Heeney, our local Land Agent, (bat the regulation, requiring the lessees at ainpenee per acre to pay apthe attean of rent in order to come under flie Act of 1*68, has been can celled, and that Hie lessees are now only required to. msk« their annaal payment of one «s& sixpence per acre before titeSlst March, 1860. -t~~i— \f TestIBBaV afternoon wa tveetaed a tetegraftbic VVcmnmuni^ation from tie Commistioaer of tUSwava, itating that tiie AUom branch of fte Southern and Western Bailway wSl lie positively opened «n Tfcw*a*ffieft. The line wul be open for tn£c on onradnttt&goohuiuu.; We have no doubt tiut eomefsdAertoferiBatioiiiarefeceiioetottoXrracn twatj for .ti*t*.BiaC*fll fe ^received fceteTwr . Tmi Ipswich gMwntoer jiand will give » grand ajie of tfJn rvfrfr^lpHYiy^foWH hot ttla^lrnll^ st ^oie fijeiatw Btiyal, ah WtAmkoiif Jgvenihg uert ; uoA, as sobw considerable time has elapaeii since we had (he efpottaaity of enjoying a musical entertainment ofthn class, we have no doubt that our Ipswich friends will be welcomed with a bmnper house. As amateur dramatic entertainment was given at the Theatre Royal, on Wednesday evening last, ' in honor of the visit of Hie Excellency the Governor,' and for the bent/a of the School of Arts. There was a very small attendance, but considerable amuse ment was produced in the last piece, when the maternal relative of one of the female performers rushed upon the stage to shield her daughter from the kisses of a gay deceiver, who happened to be the hero of the comedy. The Courier reports a murderous assault which was committed on Monday by some soldiers of the 60th Begunent, on a constable named Coolahan. It appears that about 6 o'clock p.m., Coolahan, who tot come down from bis station at Ipswich in the morning with some prisoners, went into a house off Charlotte-street, at the rear of the Bed lion Hotel. A party of four soldiers and some prostitutes were 'in the house, and immediately on Coolahan's enter ing, he was attacked and knocked down. The cow ardly fellows seem then to have' all set upon him, some using their belts and others kicking bun where ever they could. They then threw him out into the yard, where he was found by the neighbors quite senseless, and severely injured both externally aud internally. The Courier of Thursday says : — ' We are sorry to learn from some of our country friends that the caterpillar pest is becoming very rife and spreading over a large extent of country. From the Albert River we near that the caterpillars have appeared in myriads, and are devouring every green thing. From Nudgee we have similar ill news. The setting in of rain, which at present seems a long way off, is the only thinjj likely to rid the farmers of these most uuweicome intruders. ' We learn from the Courier that : — Some absurd rumors have been afloat during the last two or three days respecting the safety of the Omar Pasha, which sailed from this port for London at the beginning of the month. They have no foundation further than that a piece of woodwork has been picked up at sea on the coast, which is said to have been identified as belongiugto the ship in question. Even if such were the case the finding of a piece of joiners' work which might get destroyed even in the most moderate weather is not sufficient ground to believe the ship has even sustained serious damage, leave alo^ping lost. p{ The t-alby correspondent of the Courier reports a strange visitation at Durah and the neighbouring stations about there. During the last heavy rains a great part of that country was flooded for the time, but after the water had subsided, and the grass had fairly sprung ii'to that state the squatter most delights to see it — namely, long, tine, young sweet, and nutritious — a swarm of caterpillars, 'in countless thousands,' came down upon it ' like a wolf on the fold,' and they have cleared off the grass as completely as if it had never ex isted. From all I can hear, it seems that this pest extends over a strip of country several miles wide and a great many in length. At the last advices the caterpillars were steadily e&tiug; their way to wards Dolby. Tiie Mary River correspondent of the Courier, writing in the following terms respecting the agri cultural prospects of that district, says : — The very appearance of the farms is a proof of the favourable climatic in8ueuce of the season. The corn crop was rather later than usual, but it is only fair to add that in many cases it was much heavier than usual, and on all hands was allowed to be a ' fair average crop.' For the second crop, which is now coming on, we could not have had more favourable weather ; the only complaint that can be made is, that the weeds grow as fast as the corn, A week or two, hot and dry, will soon lay this ghost. Maize has, so far, realised a fair price, though it may almost seem paradoxical, green com, just beginning to heat, and quite unfit for a horse to eat, urs bcAi more readily sold than a decent article. Dry maize may be now quoted at 3s. Od. to 4s. If it lias been a good season for maize, much more so has it been for sugar-cane. The last crop was by no means a bad one, in spite of the misrepresentation of the interested parties, out I cannot estimate the present crop at less than three times the weight of caue to the acre (last season's,) Of cotton I now hear very little talk. No one doubts but that it is a good crop, but the impossibility of getting hands to pick it, even at something above a fair price, threatens to swamp this industry entirely, Women here will not, and men cannot, pick cotton— so 'there's an end on't.' Thanks to Mr. Brookes and his friends, many who were inclined to try South Sea Islanders now hang back, fearful of some disagreeables or other, which might lie easily caused by outside malicious or thoughtless meddlers. If Mr. Brookes and his party would show half the tender mercy for the poor white pioneer (iu the days of cash, a cus tomer, too) that they exhibit for the colored laborer, less nonsense would be written on the subject. 