. THE NOMINATION. . Il 3"'ThenomIn»tIbn'ofoiindIdatoiíormor«pre»oniBUonoi tus >. Healer took placo on Monday, Deoambar 13, note tbe CourH tai». W«t Macano, tb« aas'emblego bring »boot MO, I ?V Txh» RKiOBNiMO-oi- MCiiíi (Mr.Iilnd««j)o»tno forward »nd "Sonó" Vis DI«, E«q., bagged lo lufprro the «lector» he Jud been rsqaeated by Mr. Oreen to withdrew bi» name, on îîoonntof bl« rooout accident. He thanked tho»« who bad promiaed bim their «apport, and boped on «orno futuro iooaalon, If «pared, lo again «olloit their aoffrages. (Oheore.) Mr. W. NicnoLBOS prepoaed, and Mr. Hoon«« sooondect th« nomination of, Mr. A. Boggle. _ ."J.J Mr. WouTBsnoMiE proposed, and Mr.B. Scorns sooondofl the nomination of, Mr. J. £'. Burn«. ",","".,,. Mr. W. H. MÜLLEM proponed, sod Mr. M'PHILLIMÏ seconded the nomination of, Ur. John Dillon. . . . Mr. BooaiB.on coming forward w«« received with oheor«. Howes ewaro thath» aspiradlo «n honorablo posMon, bat U was not presumptions on hla part to sock tho honour. (CheeTs.Bnd Yesitl..) They boasted ?/ vlog . domo, oratio oountry possessing íroo conotltutiona and liberal Government, nndIn tho faoo oftbat fact,Ibo bumblo.t man ta the community might «Bplro lo it. In Amorica tailor« Sarri°.pUt«r.w«ro aeleoleä a. f/«l "«»«.. «yd ahonld It îa «Id that ho being oonneotod with tho Troa. for ton y oar« tatbi. colong te tho melancholy aooldont ihat had happened to Sr. GreenSe deeply rogrottod anoh oa'.rnity. TFhenhThe.'rdof tb« tírrlbl., calamity hi. BOUwa. ulled with bltlernras »nd drank with wormwood. (Ohoora.) Ho Boned co moot Mr. Oreen at tho next eteotion roatorod lo Sraltb. and a o.ndldata for their «uffragcs. Mr. Bogg . boro lead in oxtraot from LordBroogharn'a work on Oonalllullonal "ov.rnm.nt; and quoted an «liólo from tho Wo.tmlnl.ter Hoview opon tho Oon.tltatlon of tho Vloiorlon ABipmbly o» ?onie guido to their oholoo. Mr. Burn«, be .aid way at Biahoo% Brldgo tho other night; bot anding bim (Mr. Bogil») their fie ran «way; but he (Mr. Boggl») had now Sat bim before tho tribunal of tho pooplo. Ho considered Mm one of tbe gre&teet; political traitor« in tho country. (Confuskn »nd Oboers.) Ho Bpoke only of bl» oonduot In th« Home, not of hi. prívelo oh.raolor. Mr. Born, «aid on tho occasion of bi« Int oleotlon that ho would go in pledgod not to «apport parties, but to voto for taeaanro.. Mad ho don« «or (No, no.) Ho had enpported ono of thBvI o.tlfaoliona that bad ovor disgraced the oolony. |Oho«r«.J Ho üoaortod tho loadorsblp ot ono pf th« mo«t llboral. onllgbtoned, »nd foremost statesman in the ooaotry. H« wont In to «apport Cowper'» party, hut after adhering to lt for a tim«, he loft», «nd ned .Ince given bl« undivided and nn.ornpulou« support to tho Martin-Parkes party. What bau th« nerty dono to which Barn« h«d given biB adhoslon. Sbov paased tho TroaaonOTolony Aot, a blot on «ny »tatuto book. tUproar, So It ls, and dla ?.nt.) Bom» on« »aid no. That gentlemen dlffersd from tho Dake of Buckingham anil from tho Queon, who would not alva that Aol ber sanotloo, but «ont lt baok .gain to Park«.. (Ohnars.) Mr. Bnrn. a «hort time elnoo went to Lochinvar, to gire »n aooonnt of bis stewardship. He Îromlaod to aid in repealing the Felony Act, but when Mr. (river propoaed it» repeal, they would remember Mr. Unrna wa« again faithless to hi« promise, and voted onoo more for tbl« obnoxious Aot. A soborno of rotronobmont nu pro noaad by tho Itobortaon Qovornmont, which wonld nave nsaltsd in laving tho oonntry £80,000 in polio« expondltnre ?lone. Mr. Burn» admitted a saving waa paisible, bru joined Karlin »nd Parkes in their endeavour to dofeat lt. (L proar,} Tho resasn Mr. Bnrn« d««ert.d Mr. Cowper, be Bald, waa bacanas tho tatter wa« boglnning to think ho waa tho only man that oould govarn tho oounlry. (Contusion ) Mr. Burns, it waa woll known, had votod and talked against time, and aftor agalnat aense. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Bogala .nnmeratgd «om« of tho moaauroa oarrl.d by tho admlnla trallon Mr. Unrna bad so peraiitontly anpported, namely, tho ?Workhouse B1Ü; tbeproposalof tho Marlin Government to borrow three million« to carry on tho Bombero, railway« nt tba oxpanso and to the neglect of tho Northern ones. She .rrangomenCa mad« by the heavon-bornTreasurer, the Colo hill GlsdBtono, Mr. Eager, to pay Kobo and Co. half a mil- lion interest ; and the accumulative clause in tbe Municipal Aot. And all thia in face ot tho fact that tb« oondoct of tho Martin Government had boon condemned In Mr. Duncan's case by the newspapers throughout the colony. Then thero was tbo Kiama Ghost affair, and the ob-hlre bnalnosa. (Lona laugh- ter.) Mr. Parkes was ashamed of the fuss ho bad made abont that matter. Mr. Parkes resigned on aooonnt of ibo Ghoatbuslnois, and Mr. Docker elevated to tho high, important,' and honorable position or Colonial Seorelary. Tba party supported by Mr: Burns bad snokon agalnat timo and obstraotod tho pabilo business at a cost ovary night the Assembly eat or £300. They pro vont«d tb« robertson Government from doveloplng Its VJOlloy, «nd dented lt tho jaetloo to which lt was entitled. He concluded by recapitulating tho ohtof portion« of hi« poli- tical oreed.andetatedthuthe oould roprosont them for three years,«nd liv« in Sydney on hi» meena. (A volo«: Pe) mo the 12s. you owo me.) Heldentod owing tho money. Lot the party reoover tb» .arno in the Court, If he wa« «bl«. Tbe candidate spo..o for two boars and a half, androllred with cheer». Mr. BURKS wa« greoted with opplauso. He had «orno doubt that morning in what way be was lo address them, beoanao ho had so frequently given bi« opinion, fcc, ho foll lt waa only In regard to bia paat aereor thet he waa called upon to epeak st any longih npon pabilo affaire. Mr. Boggie'» epeeob rendorod lt nooeeaary to say aomethlair about tboao with wham ho aoled, end on bi« paat conduct. Ho felt all bo cooli «»J would make bntlittle diffaronoo to tba result of tbl« .leotion. They had all made np their minds. Long gpaooboa Bor ralsropreiontallona from othora would effect bl« position on the poll Mr. Boggle bad obargod him wltb being» traitor. To whom wa« hes traitor 1 Who did ho plodgo him- self to support? Ho had told them ho wonld go In unpledged «.ha would vote for «nymeasure on its melita. (A volo«: Toudldnotdo tb st.) Ho was not there to «atlsfy «orne people, hui to try to temovo «orno prejndloea nsed by Mr. Boggle «nd ethers. Mr. Bogg!, had told them at groat longth or what Bad boen dono by Parkes and Martin. Ile (Mr. Durne) wonld rathorfollow tho load of Mr. Parkes than or Robortson and Cowpor. (Uproar.) It had been »aid tbat Mr. Perkea a cleotlon for East Sydney wa« duo to tba Omngemon; but there wore not enungh Orangomen in Sydney to do it. Ur. Tarkos owed his sluotlon to the sumner ol n.efnl moainres Introdncod. Mr. I'arkea bsd been accused of exciting tua feelings of ono denomination against anotbor; bnt hi« aoUons were misrepresented by Mr: Bobertson. in order to .xolte tho minde ot the Catbollo people of tbe oountry. Tba Education Bill was the wlioet moasuro ever passed in the .elony. He would voto for ita boing mad« moro entirely ?soular, and for Its being Iplaood in obargo of »Minister. (Interruption.) lie acknowledged that, having regard to tho many measures carried by Moaers. Cowpor and itobe.-leon, he had felt disposed to support that Government In many af their proooedlngs; bot th« Land Act would never Bavo pasead, aa far os Mr. ltoberteon wa« concerned, If twenty six mombor« had resolved if tho Qovornmont did BotpasB lt they would Join togothor and pot them ont of edee. He had given the Cowper-itobertson party a general ?appert, hot ho felt that jobbery and corruption wero largely prevalent, and deemod it bis duty to take n moro Independent course. Un privato grounds ho had a rogard for both Mr. Oowper and Mr. Itobortaon; but politically ho oould not seo much In thara to contlnno lo givo thom support. (Dlsssn ?lon.) Ho denied that Ur. Parkes had tried to «et class .gainstclass. [Volo» : Yo»; he bas.] Ho denied it. He, Mr. Sams, wa« not dlsposod to Inquire what a roan'« creed or country wu ; but when hessw Mr. Robertson ssp»«sl»g nea ?aroa eolely for the nurposo of exciting clasa feelings, bo could only regard bim aa an enemy to the ooualry. Mr. Burna detailed Mr. Dillon's case at longtb, amid manifest signs of Impatience. The question of tho election, lao added, wa« whsth.r th« Robertson Government waa entitled to reoelye public confldsnoo. (Yea) ne aald no. It was a great pity that In many casos tho electora ahoald voto for aeotsrlan reasona and upon acotarían grounds. Mr Burns criticised tho Roberteun soheme of rotronohment, tho oirouroatanoea tinder willoh Ibo sd valorem dntlos wero pasisd, the proposed trade Uoonao of Mr. Samnel, and oxpreteed bte dissattsfso tlon with tho proposal for an inoomo or proporly tax. Ho renewed the argumenta of tho lato Opposition in respect to theprobablo deficiency, and brought fjrward tb« eas« of Basis! and Rodd. Inoonolnslon,he would, if aleoted, attend fallhfallt to all local mattora, and he trotted they would return bim for tbe third time. Th« «abject of flood preven- tion was Uso spoken of by Mr. Burna, In anawer to a question pot byan elsotor. Mr. Du LOU was received with deafening cheers. Ho in- tended to have given thom a fall exposition of hie view« on .ll mattara of pan'.io interest likely to occupy the next Par- lament, bat wat aura they mast be tirad of listening to the long spa.Ohes of these who had prsoedsd him. HI« oplnlen* wore already known to most of them. (Cheers.) Bi fora going further, be would oxprosa hi« regret, and all here mast sryrnpatbiie with him, at tho calamity that had befallen on« who had baan s candidate, but by that calamity had been prevented front coming forward. Mr, Dillon deeply regretted tb« acci- dent to Mr. Oreen. (Hear, hear.) Thero bad b«on an .ndaavonrlo raiae nrauglouacry amongst the elector., hut they bad too muoh intelligence, too moah exporlenoe ef mankind lo bo .ffeolod by «ach attempt. ; these sttompts owed their origin to party motives, end aimed st dolling the Worst feelings of human nature Ba denied that In going into tbe Assembly, h. waa going to represent any particular aeol. During hi. c.ndldatnre, bo bad no connection with any clergyman of any religious denomination. (Applause.) And- no one could «ey he had. They oould «Il understand tho meaning of tbo Insinuation, and Why lt waa put forth. (encore) Ho had no inch view« ia seeking election at their hands. Ula ednoetlon and training bad induoedblm to bo liberal mlndod, regarding no' difforenee of creed, whether Protoatant, Presbyterian, or Jew. (Applause.) Ho had not spoken, to hi« knowledge, en ankled word of any poreon who differed from hlmeolf In religious opinions, and he trusted tboy would not bo gulled by tho miserable ory raised only for the purpose of gelling ?rapport. He wonld eupport the ltoberteon Ministry, ana wonld resist to tho utmost tho faction which supported Mr. Parkes and Co., which sought to aow dlssonslou in the land by Introducing into thia colony those différences whlob bad Injured the borne country, rending and tearing asunder ?ooloty thora. With rogard to Mr. Boggia'a atatomont of hla nnflluees In rogard to his youth and bl* profocBlon aa a lawyer, ha wonld refer them to tho career of Dslloy, Plunkett, Wentworth, Windeyer, and Nicholii. Ono ol that Bamber had boon appointed rJohcltor- Genorul ol this colony at about SI yet» of age. Tbeso men adorned their pro- fession and manhood. Ho denied that be waa too young. If ao, whore wero they to gol tholr future mon ci omlneneo ?nd ability. Ha would anpport tbe I'ublio Schools Aot, but would like to a soo moro Denominational or onllroly aosu.ar ?alrlt diffused inls lt, (Cheers.) Mr. Dillon bore made soma Îood auggeailona, but from tho nolao nnd olrmour of voices, I twas impoaalblo to gsthor tho proclso words. He bad lately travelled lb« oountry, or some parla of lt, and would like lo «ea a more generatoulluro of tho vine, aa tba wheat crop« had failed from time to limo. Ho had been informed the cultura of (the former could be made productive, and would like to eeo tho smaller farmers, who had been driven to their last retouroes bonoMltod by embarking in that pur ?ult. Ho would like to ssa all oolonlal industries fostered. A quoitlon wa. hsre asked «hellier ho wlsbod Ur. Boggle to retire In his favour on rayment of his exponeos. (Answer: No) He wonld remind thom lu asking for their suffrages, that ha hld been bora and educated In tho district. Their want« war« all known to him, and his interest l»y amongst tbsm. (Loud cheers.) The ttXTUBNiNa-OrrtCRK having oalled for ? show of hand« declared aa follows :-Boggle, 10 ; Burna, la ; Dillon, leo, Judging, hDwavor, from tho assemblage the ahow of Bands was greatly In excess of their number«. Mr. Uooots proposed a voto of thanka to tb« Beiurslng prover. The motion waa aecondod by Ur. Dillon, and carried by »oolam«tlon. Three oheora for Ibo Hon. John Robertson, and three oheer« for the Qa«cn closed tb« prooeedlnge which wero orderly and woll conducted throughout. 