"WHAT WILL HE DO WITH ITT TO THE EDITOB OF TBE BULLETIN. Sir, -Did Alderman Livermore really mean by his remarks at the Council that the £200 a-yoar granted to his Worship was only FOB snow-to make it appear to outsiders that the town had a large development of the bump of generosity when in reality it was no such thing ; or were his arguments mere gammon to blind the eyes of unthinking aldermen in order to carry his point. This very liberal alderman seconded a motion to grant a sum not exceeding £300 a-ycar to the Mayor. Now, lest his Worship should have a ghost of a thought of deriving any personal benefit from the £200 or £300 a year, this generous alderman suggests how the money should be expended. First, the Governor is coming, and it is very undesirable. that bis Worship should be without money in his pocket on that auspicious occasion. Now, sir, I maintain that it ts equally undesirable that either you or I or any Alderman, or any other man, should be without money in our pockets on that or any other occasion, The argument, in itself, is no argument at all, it is the mete statement of what most of us in Rockhampton know to be a truism. There must be, to give it any weight as an argument, something underlying it -let us see what this is. Does the liberal Alderman look with a prophetic eye into the future, and see his Worship inabsolute distress when the Governor comes, and needing this £200 or £300 to enable him to put on a respectable appearance ? No, no, this won't do-the Alderman could not have been such a prophet of evil as that ; we must look further. Does the aldermanic stomach begin to pant after the turtle soup and champagne which it sees in vision before it at an entertainment by bis Worship to his Excellency ? DJ VÍBÍOOB of Bilks and muslins and the " light fantastic toe " bedazzle bis aldermanic eyes P and is the argument that it is " undesirable that his Worship should be left taithont funds '-' but a divert, underhand mode of suggesting that these visions should be realised? Out upon such humbug, I say, Sir ! Out upon such humbug I His Worship wants no honours which are not his due. Ko man would claim the honour TO HIMSELF of entertaining his Excellency, when he had done so by means of funds received out of the public purse for that especial purpose. If his Excellency is to be entertained by the town, let the members of the Town Council vote the sum required ; not insult his Worship by saying " We vote you this sum, expecting you to spend it in a great show and spread when the Governor comes." The second argument, I take it, waB thtB : -" That " Ño doubt the vote would be expended on the hosp\tal and various charities of the town, and therefore by voting this sum we shall really be only helping our charitable institutions." Then I ask why in all conscience not give it at once to the hospital and the charitable institutions of the town, with- out making a show of giving it to the Mayor ? Sir, this style of reasoning, these sug- gestions, or remarks, or whatever these expressions may be called, are unworthy of any man, be he a public or private character. There is a want of honesty in them. If money be wanted to enter- tain any great and notable visitor, let it 3>e voted for the purpose ; if there is a ?desire to help the charitable institutions .of the town, let the money be voted in a straightforward manner; and if it be .desirable to pay his Worship £200 a .year, let the money be voted without any mean suggestions as to what he shall do (with it If the principle of paying the Mayor ibe a good one, why resort to such con- temptible and rotten arguments to sup- port it? If the principle be bad, it is ithe more honourable course to denounce it than to bolster it up with such rot as fell {rom the lips of Alderman Liver- more. I I am, Sir, Nb* Air AXDEBMAIT. P.S.-He (Alderman h.) talks about | "o maniac" let him ask " JFAat j» 