MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Wis b Va tots Undeb London Docks. - An American traveller, aescnDing a visit to these world-renowned cellars, says:— A Government official examined our passes, and we drove on through a wilderness of casks, coils of rope, an- neaps ot Dran, till we reached tne door of Cellar No. 4. Going down a (flight of stone steps, we came to a sort of vestibule, where on one side was an office for the examination and signing of passes ; on the other, a place fitted up with shelves, having brass eyes like those made to receive the ends of door bolts, a long wedgeshaped walnut paddle, with a metal lamp on the broad end, sticking in each eye. An oily-fingered, dirty-faced individual, strikingly resembling 'Lamps' of 'Mugby Junc tion.1 stood in the shade of this recess, a com panion sitting behind him, whose name was James, and number two, as a calendar on the wall informed us, over which was written, ' Uiber throngh the vaults for Monday.' 'Lamps' placed a light in each of our hands, and we entered the vaults. Imagine eleven acres of ground, or rather under ground, under streets, and below the watertine of the Thames, divided into long vaulted alleyways, covered with sawdust, a double iron track for barrels to roll on running directly in tbe centre, on either side three tiers of barrels of port old port wine, amounting in all to 35,000 barrels of port alone— aad you have one of the eighteen large cellars under the Docks. We had the rare privilege of tasting the port No. 000— three different barrels. Tasting orders are frequently given for sherry, but seldom for port, and with a chuckle of selfsatis faction our conductor congratulated us ! But I was already dizzy with the fumes of 35,000 barrels, and the flickering of our lamps in the dark archways, penetrated by blinding rays, like ropes of fire, running from and meeting half way between the reflector, as powerful as we use on steam- engines, at one end of each alley, and then opening into the main rotundo at the other end. On the ceilings hung the fungus formed from the evapora tion. One piece, called tbe crocodile from* its shape, a great ridgy animal clinging with its feet to the ceiling, was a hundred and fifty years old. Nearly all the fungus was of a dun colour, resem bling the insiae nap of lead-coloured wadding, but occasionally bleached white, when it looked like the stalactites in cave?. Our conductor was not so super stitious about the fungus as Joey Ladl& and de clared ' pieces had often fallen on him and be wasn't dead yet.' Still he seemed very proud of it, and with great reverence hunted around loi the largest and most curious formations, (riving us some little incident, curious and intereitin*, about each piece. In the brandy and whisky vaulU the fungus is all whit*. Scarcely knowing whether I was on my head or my feet, the nickering lights and dark edaes of the barrela, fungus, sawdust, people, and potts dancing in wild procession through my brain, I stopped with the rest before a row of barrels marked 000. The usher drove a sharp steel instru ment through the end of tbe first one, blew into it, and out spurted a stream of pure rich port fifty yeirs old ! Hoping an internal application would remedy the d)zz;ness caused by inhaling it, Itastet it, and felt instantly better, but the second and third barrels I dared not try, and even our usher threw away one glass for which many an epicure would have given fifty dollars sterling. The holes were filled up again by sticking wooden pegs in them, chopinf? them off' and leaving the barrels as sound and secure as if they had never been opened. Emerging from these cellars, we were glad to enter our carriage, driee home, and take a nap.' Recipe for Being Universally Be lotzd.— Lend, and never ask to be paid; make presents, give treats, bear and forbear, do every body a good turn, hold your peace, and. suffer yourself ft be cheated, ** The Capuchin's Sermon at the Catue -bal of St. Stephen, at 7i*nnu.-A Otpuchin. ?reaching a Lent lecture at the great cathedral of It. Stephen, at Vienna, is said to have startled hit ludlenca by a fearful narration, somewhat to the oilowing effect-.— 'There iru once vhnt e and realtby monastery in this duchy. Its vineyards irodaced rich and well-flavoured wine. Its barns rere filial with all manner of store. Fat beeves hewed the cud in ita meadows. Ckrp by thou adds were leaping its fish-ponds. The neighbour ng trout stream was the pride of the motikt aud he envy of every other religious house in Germany. Veil! the reverend fathers ate, drank, and were oerry. They never kept a Lenten fast. They rere utterly unconscious of the pangs of hunger r the humiliations of penury, so they never fed he' famishing or clothed the naked. They had nore wine than they required for the Mass, and tot enough to turn their mills with, to they aroused from night till morning, and from morn ng till night. One solemn day, a day of penitence nd prayer according to the rules of their Order, hey were indulging in wild uproar and revelry, .'he refectory echoed with snatches of licentious ong and laughter following some double-edged ibe. Suddenly a loud knock was heard at the iuter door, knock, knock, knock! The janitor rent to open it, and was startled by the apparition if a thin, tail man— his skull-bones scarcely overed with tbe parchment-ikin stretched over hem. He was attired in the frock of the Order, mt the shapa was antiquated, the material scarcely 0 be recognised; it was, moreover, threadbare and noth-eaten. Ue asked, in hollow and sepulchral ones, for admittance. The janitor was alarmed, nd shutting the gate on the strenper, went to eek instructions from the superior. ' There stands 1 the gate an odd queer man, who aski for admit ance. Ue wears tbe frock of our Order, but' — No buts,* said the Abbot ; 'let him iu. We must how hospitality to the brethren ; place him a chair iy my side, fill him a goblet ot' wine, and fetch orthwith knife, platter, and pasty.' The strange soak was introduced; he bowed; he took his scat, ut his head was covered with his cowl, and he ate iqt a morsel, he drank not a drop. In a few uinutes more knock* were heard at the gate; jiock, knock, knock! Again the janitor ap iroached, trembling, and faltered forth, ' Oh, fcsir. here are hundreds and hundreds of these thin nonks before the gate, demanding admittance!' Let them all in ! We've wine enough to jast till lie Millennium!' So in they came, crowding the sfectory. The hall was crammed; the vestibule, tie steps of the pulpit, where the reader edilied tie brethren while they dined; the pulpit itself, nd many stood on the bookboard half poised in ;ie air. Then there arose a distant sound aa of rackling, crackling; a deadly odour aa of tL'kh urning, mingled with sulphurous steam. The ving monks were filled with consternation. Their nees smote together, and their toncuts clave to he roofs of their mouths, for they felt that they rere in the presence of tbe dead. Then up rose he first ghost that had appeared, and Baid, Brethren, 1 was once the Abbot of this ancient nd venerable house. I ate, I drank, 1 caroused, 1 lever worshipped. In my heart 1 never feared -od nor regarded man; and now I am tormented n the flames. These were my companions; they ed a similar life of gluttony and lust, and they are n like manner tormented. But we must glorify he Lord even in the fire! So sine, brethren, Horia Patri, et Filio, tt Spintui Sancto. The pectres hissed out an awful Gregorian tone, con luding with Amen. A loud clap of thunder accompanied the strain, and when it was finished he strange guests had disappeared— the refectory ontained only the living monks. They repented ; hey did work meet for repentance. They sola heir cellar of wine, and rebuilt their church with :reat magnificence. They founded an hospital, ['hey fed the poor. They nursed the plugue tricken in the year of the great pestilence. They lied in the o lour of sanctity, and let us hope that hey will find mercy in that day.'— Citriotitiet of he Pulpit and Pulpit Literature. Jl'j Thomas Tackson, M.A. (JEOKOE IV. AND THE DUKE OF WEL -ingtox. — Here is the conversation between ieorge IV. and the Duke of Wellington, when inning was forced into the .Foreign OHicc :— ' Two or three phases of the conversation that ook place on this occasion have been repeated to ne by one likely to have heard them from both larties concerned. 'Atthur. you don't mean to -roppse that fellow to me as Secretary for Foreign VlTuire; it is impossible. 1 said, on my honour as i gentleman, lie should never be one of my tliniaters ogam. You hear, Arthur, on my honour i! a gea leinan. I am sure you will agree with me, cau c do what I said on my honour as a gentleman . would not do.' ' Pardon me, Sir, 1 don't agree rith you at all; your Majesty is not a gentleman.' Phe King started. 'Your Majesty, I say,' con inued the imperturbable soldier, ' is not a gentle nan but the Sovereign of England, with duties to 'our people far above any tn yourself; aud theBe luties render it imperative that you should at this iine employ the abilities of Mr. Canning.' ' Well,' lrawing a long breath, 'if I must, 1 must,' was inally the King's reply. A few weeks later the £ing was asked how he liked his Foreign Secretary, ind answered -'Like html the word is too weak [love him.'' B ULLWU ackers.— Tli o wagons are gene rally doubled up — that is, tbe tongue of one yagon is passed beneath the body of the wagon jext preceding it, and ih^n securely lashed. Eight jr teu yoke of oxen, under the lash of a 'bull- vhacker,'* is the motive power furnished each louble. This arTaugvineut enables the wngon na-ter to handle his train with a smaller number )f men than would he possible if each wagon had is separate team. By the side of each wagon langg a musket or rifle, ready at luml in case of leed, either for Indiaus or buffalo. Over the tops )f the wagons are thrown the red blankets used )y the teamsters far cover at night. Besides the irst yoke of oxen trudges the character of the -lains-a bullwhacker. Usually he is a well- built nan, bronzed by constant exposure to the weather; lis hirsute and unclean appearance indicating n cat ike aversion to water. He is more profane than he mate of a Mississippi itiver packet, and, we lave his word for it, ' ken dnnk moic whiskey.' Accompanying this assertion were seven of tlm nofct ostouuding oaths that ever full on an ear used o the strong language with which the army eamster encourages his mules. The bullwhacker'* laths and his whip are the largest known. The landle of his ordinary whip is not mure than three :eet in length; the lash, of braided raw hide, is seldom less than twenty feet long. From the Btufl' the lash swells gradually for five or t-ix feet, when i' reaches a size of at least ten inches in circum ference; from this point (' belly' is the term used here) it tapers to within a foot of the end, which is formed of a ribbon-shaped thong. With this persuader the cattle travel eighteen or twenty miles b day. A lazy ox occasionally receives a reminder, in the shape of a whack in the flank, that causes him to double up as if seared with a red-hot iron. Tbe blow is invariably accompanied by n volley of oaths that seems to startle the whole team into a more rapid pace. General Sherman tells a story in defence of the extremely profane mule drivers who kept his trains so well closed up during the long marches of the army under his command. It is to this effect:— One of the members of a freiKhting firm in St. Louis desired to discourage the con tinual blasphemy of the bullwhackers in their employ. Orders were accordingly issued to their train- masters to discharge any man that should curse the cattle. The wagon-masters wete selected more for their piety than for any extensive know ledge of their duties in the handling of trainB. The outfit had not proceeded more than 150 miles before it was stuck fast. A messenger was dis patched to the firm with the information that the cattle would not pull a pound unless they weie 'cussed' as usual. Permission to do this was requested and granted, after which the train proceeded te Salt Lake, to which place good time was made. The accuracy with which the bull whacker throws his laih is astonishing. A favourite pastime among them is the cutting of coin from the top of a stake thrust loosely into the earth. If the coin is knocked off without disturb ing the stake it is forfeit; if the stake is disturbed the thrower of the lash looses the value of tbe coiu. A bullwhacker. noted for the accuracy with which he threw his lash, bet a comrade a pint of whisky that he could cut the seat of h\» pantaloons without touching the skin beneath. The bet was accepted. The blow delivered at the stooping form of the acceptor of the wager, who is Haid to have executed the tallest jump on record, at the sight of which the thm*pr n! the ltuh remarked. ununaer: i ve lost tne winsuy: inu umer party was minus a strip of skin us well as a Inrge fragment of breeches. The depredation! com mitted on the stores with which the wagons ore loaded are often very heavy, especially when wines or liquors form a portion of the freight It is difficult to imagine a more perfect Pandemonium than a corralled train presents at such a time. The value of the articles thus disposed of is deducted from the wages of the wagon-mastere as well ai the bullwhackers.— A Stage Ride to Colorado, tn Harper's New MonMy Magazine. Useful to Tbavellees. — Some Yankee lias invented an arrangement to prevent heavy crunks from being injured by careless handling. It is simply an india-rubber ball on each of the eight corners. Strange it was never thought of before. We can imagine the fiendish look of rage and disappointment which passes over the counte nance of the baggage- smashing porter, who for tbe first time sees one of these contrivances. The delight of his life it gone. Tbe malignant chuckle with which he used to drop a lady's travelling trunk from his shoulder to the floor— in full view o the agonized but helpless owner— it 'played out,' It is stated that a trunk filled with book*, if pro. tected by this means, may fall from a height of twenty feet without injury.— HoientiAc Press. Production in Fbance.— The following statistics of French production will be read with interest:— 'In 1788 the ares of tbe vineyard* in France was 2,325,411 acres; at present there are 5.C82.353. The mean average yield of wine u 308 gallons per acre, valued at one one franc the gallon in the Bordeaux District. The yield is about one- third more in monetary value in Bur gundy, and double in Champagne. The mean average produce of wheat is, per acre. 10 bushels; marlin, 22; rye, 18; barley. 24; maize, 10; buck wheat, 19; and oats, 30. Ploughmen receive 500 francs a year wages, with board, and labourers from one to two francs per day.' Bamboo.— The various uses to which this valuable plant are adapted in China are very pleasingly described by Dr. Mene in the last number of the Bulletin de la Societe d'Acclimuta lion. In the Province of Chay-Kiang there are whole forests of bimboo, while that of Shantung is celebrated for the umall hard sort, which u excellent lor poles and leven. The plant ii floated down in large quantities to Canton, from Fo-Kien, Kiangsi, and especially Mam- hoo-foo. In every form, whether large or email, there ii behind the house a plot of ground of about 100 square yards, surrounded with a wide ditch filled with water, ana entirely devoted to the cultivation of bamboo for domestic purposes. The grove thus formed generally becomes the favourite resort of turtle doves, usually ney with rose-coloured paws. In their large gardens the Chinete often intersperse black bamboos with artificial rocks, producfiif * charming effect In ever? village there are two or more bamboo stozes, where the reed is sorted accoHmg to 8l« and thickness. To work it, it should be taken in its green state ; for a clever hand will then split it lengthwise into tbin laths, which may be platted in a thousand ways. As it never breaks but only bends, and is never attacked by either worms or putrefaction, it is used for bridges over small streams, and for water pipes for the irrigation of the small bits of ground Chinese intrepidity has cultivated even in the least acceuibla places. The fisherman builds bit hut on pile* of strong bamboo driven into the bed of the river. The nets with which he catches his fish, the hat he has on bis bead, the coat be has on his back, are all bamboo; so is the yolo, or our of his boat; so also is the mat stretched over the headi of hu passengers to protect them from the sun. Tne masts, jarda. sail*, and cordage of all kmat in a i junklre oftbe same valuible material. They aUo make paper of it by reducing iu ?cj»P-D«!nw^«? i clean to Vprocess of inacenUaon, and then mixing , the pulp with faii*l*w,--Wwn-mfc D T,HirA2RIt-Al1 AsYi-tJM 'ob Babies,— Th0**4 £i^£i» £a7'S 'J«-'It lately occurrtd to th« S'? ,ri tta Royal Alfred Wre that th« StL n!i.? 'J18, No children In arms admitted' wnHwSi™ i**'3! for,ra«rons of dramatic us*. L nSStf ?fni .S!d.lU c,l0»t«»m. 'here they coul J hawli ind ntti1™'1 2* ot.h?r lttia'e« le»»e 'helr itiawia and bonnets. A crkhe was accordlnffly instituted m the Theatre, with an HMrlSd nune to welcome the little ?tringen.n' Kdio their want.. A small dwrn wai mude foi 3 of ihem. the mother receiving a ticket, on primta. iion of which the child was returned to her Tho ttpenmciit, however, has been attended with un' Foreseen rcnilts. which have compelled iu nlmudon nent. We learn, from a notice which lui jut wen posted at the Theatre, that while tuoihcri liave been ft ad to avail themselves of the new -loak-Mom, they hare forgotten to come bick for heir babies. The result is an ?ccumulailun of infants, which the manager now threatens to neml m the workhouse, 'il not claimed within three lay*, and all expente* paid.' ? A'o more childreu.* it is a lded. 'cau he Uken care of, at previously innnunccd. Ri'.HHiAN ImpkmalTra.— There it. liow iver one variety to be obtained in Huwla which 1 MBiwu mlT'0.whe.™ ''?M-»t even in the Chineta ?niu '*. 1' ?8C»lei» 'imperial tea.' and come, n elennt luxes of yellow silk. cmUafriiieu with '?»'«?* to twenty dollam » pound. It is yellow. rtmall pinch of u, added f-» ordinary blick fe« Eomi'nf 'thlr'!?1'1' -ldi?i0UI «»™ur-tbe my aroma of the tea-blossom ; hut one cup of it. uu C'n ?.hf \°{ tlcprive l-»««lrliiker & VlJp 'or T 'or rU'* Knroi*. lly Jiayard TheCameua in Japaw.—TIio growth of the camelhatrce in Japan in rmmt wonderful Ixt not the smile of incredulity HkIiIuii the f»cu of tbe reader when wo state that wo liave lecii some of them attain the heipht of tt least forty feet. Many inch ai these we passed, and tbo appearance uf them in full bloom may be imagined. Before wo had seen this (mrtWvett, we thouid huve thoiik'ht it about as likely a circumstance that wo should one day lit uuder tbe uliatle of our own inisnonette as that we ibould riilu for mile* under :auicllia tree* in full flower. Later iu the neimm, when the camellias have ceased to bloom, their tflace is supplied by the azcleu, which nmkg tbo lillsides with gaudy patches of crimson, uud ilio andscape becomes more nor^eoiia than over.- Our Life in Japan. Hy II Muunlency Jcphton and KUwarU Pcnntll Jilmhirst, 9th Regiment, There is a story, i-crhn*m forgotten ly ill but men who were ituduntr ut a certain College lear thirty years ago, of an enthuii.mUc prufmor if entomoloRv, not celebrated lor In* exurcito of liospitahty, who wai bo delixhtoil nt the nrnval of in eminent pursuer of insect* thai he invited him to board anl bed in chambers. Next immiiiiR Dr. Mm Hy Greeted his gucM, ' And bow dul he Bleep the nicht. Meitar lieeheniotli/' 'Svt VflW well : strange bed, perhapi! But-' ' Ah,' (|iioiin the docter eagerlv, 'yewuro just bitten by kome thing, --h?' ' Well, to tell you the truth, doctor, was. 'Just think of that I Kitten, war yet Now can you say it was anything «t nil noteworthy that bit yerr Peculiar, eh I' 'Fleu«, I think. tut such devils for biting I never met iu my life.' 'I should think so indn-d (with great uleoX They're Sicilian llean; / imported them vmw/r Coming into Court olio day, Krnkino perceived the ankle of Mr. Halfour, wno generally exprmeil himself in a very circumlocutory manner, tied up with a silk handkerchief 'Why, whnt'» the matter t' Raul Erakine. 'I was taking a romantic ramble in my brother's cro'indu,*' replied Italfour, ' when, mui'mr to a (-ate, I had Io climb over it, hy which I came in contact with tlic Jlrnt liar, and Brazed the cpideimiti of my leg, which has caused a slight extravasation of blood.' 'You may thank your lucky Hlam,' said Erskine, 'that your brother'* galo wub not as lofty as your style. or you must have broken yoi.r neck.' Dr. Mousey, iu tho lieyduy uf liin social fame, told his friemla that the tint of hi* nuveitors of any note was a linker and a letail dealer in bop*. At a critical point of tliin worthy man's career, when hopn were ' down' mid feutucrti wore ' up, to raise a small buih of money for iininuiliate uie. ho ri|i|icil open hit* hedn, sold tho feathem, ami atufled the tick with unauleublu bnim. Hoon a change in the market occurred, aim once more op.TatiiiK on the couches used liy liitiiielf and children, he sold tbo hops at a profit, and bought back the feathers. ' TIiiU'h thu way, Sir, by wbu h my family hopped from ulwcurity,' the doctor would conclude. A minister named Craig purcliOHod a whistle, and when hid henrern went to «l-eii lio emitted from it a very ulirill nouml. All wero awake, and stood uu to heur him. 'Well,' hu said, 'you are smart upecimeus of Immunity,'' at he nlowly gazed at hifl wondering pe«|ile-' when I preach ilia (-napel you go to bleep; when Inlay the fool you arc awake.' A farmer, having l-mt ftomo (itickH, wiw asked by the counsel for tha prisoner accused of stealing thorn to duiicribo tliier peculiarity. After he hod dime so the counsel remarked, 'They can't be such a rare breed, as 1 have Mime like them iu my yard.' 'That's very likely,' replied the farmer; 'these arc not the only ducks of tho same sort l.ve had stolen lately.' A doctor paHBitigH atuiiomaHon'H, bawled out to him, '('nod morning, Mr. M ? ! Hard ut work, I seel You finish your gravestones ns far as 'In memory of,' and then you wait, 1 Buppote, to nee who wants n monument next (' ' Why, yen,' replied the old man, resting for a moment on ni« millet, |' unle»s somel-ody is sick and you ore doctoring him, ami then 1 keep right on I' Tho Eurl of Derby, in Htipporting the vote of thank* to Sir Itnliert Napier, told tho best story which has yet ccmc h'-ck from Ab)««inU. A soldier hud been told thnt bo was marching upon the tableland of Abyssinia; whereupon he rejoined 'The table must Imvo been turned upside down, and we'ro a-marcliing over the logs.' Wliilnt a cauntry parson wuh praichiiig, the chief of bin parishioners ultting near tho pulj^r was fust asleep; whereupon lie said, 'Now, Ue loved friends, 1 am in a great strait: fur If I speak too softly those at the further end of the church cannot hear me; anti it 1 tulk too loud I sb*ll icaAc the chief man in the pariah.' An Irish guntlomau Waring of a friend having a stone coflin in ule (or hiimclf, exclaimed : ' Hy tne Bowl, an' that's a good idee t Hhure, bu' a stone collin 'ud lait a mini b h lifetime!' 'I have ul way h been aHtouiithcd,' miid Miss Smith, 'at tho anxiety of young laities for beaux; but I never pitied n female more than when Ming Mountrl.ithcrs loft mv school, Hoeing her a izing towards the sky, I nnked her what she was look ng for. '?That beau,' «aid she, ''which ifi told UBnf as being in tho clouds- 1 wish lio'd come down.' A traveller, lately describing a tropical shower, wrote to a Mend in the following words: ' The rain-droim wero extremely large, vurying In siie from a shillini.' to eighteen pence.' The 'Fat Contributor' of tho Cin cinnati Times thinks the poem of 'Knocli Arden' has encouraged hundreds of dent husbands to return and annoy their families, who would other* wise have kept away. Tbe Knoch Arden in real life, he sayH, is usually a Bcallawag, and comet home ragged dirty, and drunk. A distinguished divine remarked lately that 'some men will not shave on Himday, and yet they spend all the week in shaving their fellow men; and many (oiks think it very wicked to black their bouts on Kumlay morning, yet they -ln not hesitate to black their neighbour's reputation on week davs.' A physician, attending a lady nevoral times, had received a couple of guineas tath visit ; at lust, when he was going away, tthe gave him but one, at which lie was surprised, iiuu looking oh the (I ior, '1 believe, madam,'' said lie, '1 nave dropt a guinea.' ' No, .Sir,' replied the lady, 'it is I that have dropt it.' Sir Jioylo Kocho onco Haid, in rifer«nco to several persons all relatives to each other, but who happened to have no descendants, that 'it seemed to Itc hereditary in their family to havo no children.' A b'outheru editor in bitterly opposed o the education of women as surgeons. Humiose, le says, a gentleman were put under the iiilluence if chloroform by such a doctress— what is to pre sent the woman from kissing him! Old Mrs. Daruolcoy in a pattern of lousehold economy. Bhe nays she has made a -air of stockings fast her fifteen years, bv only tnitting new feet to them every winter, and new egs to them every other winter. A Dovfn-KaHter nold another man a iorse for a certain number of sheep, to l-e lelivered such a day. They came promptly, but, o the purchaser's astonishment, all nicely sheared, t was a cool transaction, especially for the sheep. A burglar in St. Joseph, MiHHotlnf nade a serious mistake a few nights ago. He car* ully secreted himself under a bed, and would lave been entirely successful hud lie not fuller) ulcup and awakened the people by hit iiio-iny. 'I havo como for my umbrojltt,' wiM the lender of one of these articles, on a rainy -luy .ohis friend. '(Wt help that, exclaimed the jorrower. 'Don't you scu that I am going out r/ith it! ' ' Well, yes,' replied the lender as* .onlshed at such outrageous impudence: 'yes. jut— but— but- what am I to do?' ' Do ! replied ,he other, as he tlirew up the top and walked orl, ' do ru 1 did-bor'ow one.' ' ' Have you got your tank thin morning, Mim f aiked a teschcr of a pupil. 'No, ma'am,' laid the artless girl; 'but my lister Kllen hu got he influenz*.' Mrs. FartiDgton declare a that nho hinks it very strange that a little quicksilver In a flaw tube can make such atr/ul hot weather by utt rising it an inch or so. A youth, with a turn for figures, had he eggs to boil, and being told to (fire them hree minutes each, boiled them a quarter of an lour altogether. Why is a hansnm cab a great arith netical paradox! -Because two cau go into erne, md still there is one over. Habit is a cable. Wo weave tho threads -f it every day. and at lost we cannot break it. Truth is immortal ; the sword cannot pierce it, fire cannot consume it, pritons cannot ncareerale it. famine cannot s trve it. Mr. Blum beliovea in tho broad gango roads. He docsn' find any road too broad for him when he goes home about midnight. What is tho difference between a c hurcli jrganiat and the influeri»'-One stops tbe nose, nnd tbe other knows the stops. Many a philosopher, who thought he had an exact knowledge of the whole human nee has been miserably cheated in the choice ot ?' Why do women spend so much time md money on dress f asked a gentleman of a BBSJftiSHSJ11- — *' ~ The '-prohibitionometer' ia an instru ment invented In Boston, by which a 'moderate irinkcr can tell when he ceases to be sober and la jetting drunk.' Cicero said that he approved of a youth hat has something of the old pan in him. We ronder how be would have liked a man with w-mo« bing of the Old Boy in him. An irritable man, having been diaaW -olnied in his boots, threatened to chew uptJJi hosmaker, but compromised by drinking « cob tier. 'What branch of education do you iave chiefly in your school f' 'A willow branch, lr ; the mister ha* used almost a whole tree.' An old bachelor is a traveller on life's silroad who hu entirely failed to make the proper pnnectiona, . 