. ,1 ,V L . ' ' THEATRE ROYAL? :: With such a progranjme 8? that prepared for the benefit of Mr J. D, Marsh at the Tlieqtre .Royal last eyoninp, it tyas reasonablo tq! aniici- pate a good liouso, aqd bxpebfation \vas'reaigd. The performance opened with the ghost phones from "Hamlet,11 in which Mr J. Neill wba tpo . prominent, character, Mr Holloway personating j.tlie cliost. Mr Neill. with tho excention of a slight lii.tph or. two, wbioh required the prompter to set right, got through his part in a more ap- \- preoiative mannor than on tho first occasion of his appearance as Hamlet. Mr Holloway's Ohosf was also dii excellent portrayalj Tho dbtHb)- cliaraoters Were alsp good, qspectially Mr Collier's Horatio. . The second piece was the trial . 77®9.n'p frpm' tho " Merchant 'of Venice," and in 'this Mr Neill showed a far njore correct judg- .ixientpf.tho charaqtor than in the previous one, an$ brought to the surfape spme of the best .points of the scono. Mrs Holloway's Portia was "given with very commendable care, and tho stylo , o Antonio (Mr Holloway), Bassanio (Mr Collier), i-and: Graliano (Mr Wolfe), made the whole tell well. Thg musical drama of " Guy Mannering " .-is always "a" favourite, and the mannor in which -it wss putbn the stage lapt eyeping was highly e creditable1 to all taking part in it. Mr Neill ; found a congenial character in Dandie I)inmont, 7gi)d ghoiild confine himself to this role. Through out tlie whole of tho' two nets lib was wpll up, . glaying With spirit and giving a zest to the raci- <iieps of JDpndie's Spotoii humour. . Tim 'Dominie i ftanipson of Mr J. D. Marsh was also well siis- . - tained. - : ; The Meg Merriltes of Mr Holloway was hot, as often happens, overdone. " Miss Emma. Marsh, Miss Julia Milne, and-. MisbLizzie Biish in their respective cliarabtors,' . . loft nothing to-bo desired. Mr Collier's Bertram was a great and most offoctivp effoi't. In tlto 77 yTdmous" Jalte'sbng, Mi- OolHer and Miss- Milne" 'Wpre 7 most deservedly loudly encored. The . /cliorus, Chough nnfl Crow was given in a manner !! which surprised, and was rapturously applauded. -Altogether the drama was one of the best effprts . of the company, and might be judiciously re- '.pbated. At the conclusion of the firet act, Mr jNeill was called before the curtain. The honour , -was repeated at -the end of the second act, and Mr Collier was also similarly dealt with. This evening 'the performances will commence with the drama ' "of ' Asmodeus, and conclude with the farco of . Sixteen-Stringed Jaolc. We had almost omitted ito mention the capital music of the orchestra, i under, the leadership of Mr Howson, especially 7Ih.the::iritroduction to the Chough and Crow, in , jGiiy Mannering, and in .which . glee tho fine .baritone Ivoice of Mr Colijer told well. 