THE NEW TARIFF. PART I. Agreement or contract in writing, not under seal, where subject matter is of the value of 20s or upwards, Is. Where contract is comprised in several letters or memoranda it is sufficient between the par ties to the contract, if any one of such letters or memoranda is stamped with a duty of 2*6 d. Appraisements — For every appraisement under the value of £50, 2i. 6d.; for every ad ditional £50, or part thereof, 2s. 6d. Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes. — Inland bills or notes payable otherwise than to bearer or order on demand; foreign bills in sets of less than three; bills drawn oat of the province, bat endorsed or negotiated there in, not exceeding £50, 6d. ; every additional £50, or part thereof, 6d. Foreign bills, in sets of three or more —For each bill of the set, one-third of the above mentioned rates on inland bills. Exceptions—Government debentures and Treasury bills. Promissory notes for payment to bearer or order ou demand —Not exceeding £50, Id.; for every additional £50 or part thereof, Id. Bills of lading or receipt in nature thereof and every copy (hereof, 6d. Bills of sale—lf absolute, the same duty as on a conveyance. If in the nature of a mort gage, the same duty as on a mortgage. Bond for payment of money not being a mortgage (except bond for payment of an an nuity)— Where sum seemed does not exceed £100, 2s. 6d.; for every additional £100 or part thereof, 2s. 6d. Bond for payment of annuity—Where an nuity does not exceed £50 per aunntn, 20a.; for every additional £50 or part thereof, 203. Bonded certificate, 61. ; every transfer thereof by endorsement, 6d. Cheque, draft, or order for money payable to bearer or order on demand, Id. Conveyance and memorandum of transfer under Real Property Act—Where consideration does not exceed £50, ss. ; for every additional £50, or part thereof, sa. Deed of any kind not otherwise charged herein, 355. Delivery order for goods of value of £1, or upwards, Id. Indenture of apprenticeship—Where premium given does not exceed £50, 40i ; for every addi tional £50 or part thereof, 40s. Insurance—Life insurance where sum assured does not exceed £100, Is.; for every additional £100 or part thereof, la. Fire and marine insurances where sum in sured does not exceed £100, 64.; for every additional £100 or part thereof, 6d. Letter of attorney—To receive dividends, if only one dividend, 6d.; if more than one, 55.; in the nature of a proxy, if to vote at only one meeting, Id. ; if at more than one, 2a. 6d. Lease or memorandum of leaae under Real Property Act or agreement fer lease—lf with out premium where annual rent does not ex ceed £50,25. 6d- ; for every additional £50 or part thereof, 2*. 64, If premium is paid the lease bears the stamp according to the amount of annual rent, and the same duty as a con veyance according to the amount of premium paid. Every counterpart or copy of lease must bear the same Btamp as the original. Exemption—Leases from thejCommissienerof Waste Lands. Licence to bankers (by way of composition) to issue bank notes without the promissory note stamp. For every £100 in value of the average annual amount of notes in circulation, according to weekly returns to be made by each banker, 20a. Mortgage or memorandum of mortgage under Real Property Act or equitable mortgage (by memorandum accompanied with deposit of deeds) or agreement for mortgage or convey ance ia trust for sale, being in the nature of a mortgage—Where the amount secured is under £50, 2s. 6d. ; every additional £50 or part thereof, 2s. 64. Where the amount secured is indefinite, or is the balance cine on an account current, the security is available only up to the amount in respect of which the stamp duty is paid. Transfer of mortgage—The same duty as on a conveyance. Farther charge on property already mort gaged, reconveyance, discharge of mortgage, or receipt ia nature of a discharge—The same duties as on a mortgage. Notarial act, except a protest—2s. 64. Protest of a bill of exchange or promissory note—Where the amount does not exceed £50, Ib.; evwy additional £50, or part thereof, Is.; any other protest, 55.; every copy or duplicate of a protest, bears the same stamp as the original. Preferable lien — Where She consideration does not exceed £50, 2s. 64,; every additional £50, or portion thereof, 2s. 6d- Beceipt-—For 20s. or upwards, Id. Exemptions—Receipt for money to or on behalf of the Government; receipt for con sideration money on instrument duly stamped; for money paid into any Savings Bank, or paid into any Bank, to be accounted for if so paid by the person to whom the same is to be accounted for. Scrip—Every scrip, or certificate of shares in any public or joint-stock Company, 64.; every transfer thereof, if endorsed on the original scrip, 64.; every transfer made by separate instrument, the same duty as on a conveyance. Progressive Duty.—All the instruments be fore specified are liable, in addition to the duties previously imposed, to a further duty according to the length of the instrument -When bucb instrument exceeds 2,160 words (or 30 folios), then for every 1,080 words (or 15 folios) after the first 1,080 words, the following duties :—lf the instrument is charged with an ad valorem duty not exceedinglsa., then a further duty of j equal tunouDt In every other case a further duty of 10s. PabtlL Probates of wills and letters of administration, with or without the will annexed—When the effects sworn to do not exceed £100, 10s.; ex ceeding £100 and not exceeding £200, 40§.; above £200, for each additional £50, or frac tional part of £50, 20s. pa?t m. Legacy duties, payable where the legacy or residuary estate is of the value of £20 or up wards—lf given to or devolved upon a child or i descendant of a child, or npon the father, or mother, or lineal ancestor of deceased, £L per cent Brother or sister of deceased, £3 percent. Brother or sister (or their descendants) of father or mother of deceased, £5 per cent Brother or sister (or their descendants) or grandfather or grandmother of deceased, £6 per cent Any other degree of collateral consanguinity, £7 per cent. A stranger, £10 per cent Exemptions—Legacy to or residuary estate devolving on husband or wife of deceased. Pabt IV. Successions to Real and Personal Estate—The following duties on the value of the succes sio? -.—Where th? successor is lineal issuer or ancestor of the predecessor, £1 per cant. Where brother or sister (or dti?Oftndant of either) of predecessor, £3 per cent. Where brother or sister (or descendant of either) of father or mother of predecessor, £5 percent. Where brother or sister (or descendant of either) of grandfather or grandmother of pre decessor, £6 per cent. Where in any other degree of consanguinity, or where a stranger, £10 per cent Exemptions—Husband or wife of deceased. The TREASURER alto moved—" That Cos- j toms be levied as follow : — Table op Duties. On all imported goods not included i th undermentioned list, to which fixed duties are attached; or in the free list, an ad valorem duty of 7£ per cent. Beer, porter, ale, cider and perry (in wood), per gallon, 6d- Beer, porter, ale, cider, and perry (in bottle), reputed quarts, per dozen, Is. Beer, porter, ale, cider, and perry (in bottle), reputed pints, per dozen, 6d. Coffee, chicory, cocoa, and chocolate, per lb., 2d. Dried fruits, nuts, and almonds, per c?rt., 10s. Hops, per lb., 31. Spirits, or strong waters of all sorts, viz., for every gallon of such spirits or strong waters Of any strength not exceeding the strength of proof by Sykes'a hydrometer, and so in propor tion for any greater or less strength than the strength of proof, and for any greater or less quantity than a gallon, 10s. Perfumed spirits (in bottle) for sale as per fumery, ad valorem 20 per cent. Spirits, coidUls, or strong waters, sweetened or mixed witL any artie'e, so that the degree of strength tbi'ieof cannot be exactly ascer tained by S>kt.'3'd hyjrometer, for every gallon, 10a. Spirits, namely wine containing more than 30 per cent, of alcohol, of a specific gravity of •825 at the temperature of 60? Fahrenheit's themometer for every gallon in proportion to strength, 10s. Sugar, molasses, and treacle, perewt., 4a. Tea, perlb.,4d. Tobacco, manufactured, perlb.,2s. Cigars and snuff, per lb., 4a. Wine, not containing more than 30 per cent of alcohol of a specific gravity of *825 at the temperature of 60? of Fahrenheit's thermometer (in wood), per gallon, 2s. Wine (in bottle), reputed quarts, per dozen, 6s. Wine (in bottle), reputed pints, per dozen, 3s. Wood, viz., posts and rails, handspikes, and poles, per 100, Is. 6d.; paling*, per 100, 6d.; shingles and laths, per 1,000 64.; trenails and spokes, per 100, 2d-; oars, per 100 feet, 25.; square timber and balks, spars, deals, battens, quartering, planks, boards, and sawn, hewn, or split timber of all kinds not other wise enumerated or described, per 40 cubic feet, 2i. &L; Jewellery, plate, and ether articles not men tioned in the free list are liable to duty. " Passenger baggage" includes the personal ap parel and effects of passengers, but does not refer to furniture, carriages, harness, plate, or any unusual quantity of jewellery. Fbee Liar. An;mala living, baggage of passengers, bags and sacks, &c;—comsacks, branbags, orebags, gunny bags, woolpacks ; books printed and bound or stitched, canvas in bolts; casks, empty returns; coin and bullion; coals, coke, and other fuel; corn, flour, and meal, in packages not less than 100 lbs.; felt for sheathing or boiler use; fresh fruits and vegetables; iron— bar, rod, sheet, hoop, or pig; manures,; pitch, tar, and rosin; plants and trees; ores; seeds and roots, except hemp, canary, and carraway; sheepwash tobacco; skins and hides raw, steel, specimens of natural history; tallow; timber in logs exceeding 12 inches square; tin, sheet and plates ; wool; yellow sheathing metal; all good* imported for the supply of Her Majesty's naval and military forces or for the public service. [From the Advertiser of Sept 21.] If the Treasurer expected to obtain any sympathy or support for his new tariff from the outside public he must be wofully disappointed. Though since he made his budget speech nothing else has been thought of or talked about, no one appears to have a single word to say in favor of the new scheme of taxation. It is condemned in principle and in detail. It is characterised as being " inequitable and unjust," disastrous in its general effects upon the colony, and especially upon the trade of the South-Eastern District; as " obstructive to business, unequal in its operation, and most op pressive to that portion of the com munity least able to bear it ;" and the Government are informed that any increased taxation in the present depressed condition of the colony is highly inexpedient. For the tariff as it is proposed, not a single good word has been spoken outside of Ministerial circles. It is condemned by the working classes, by the merchants and bankers, by the squatters and farmers, while not one argument has been put forward in its favor. The meeting at the Hotel Europe was loud in its condemnation. Though there was a good-humored interchange of pleasant personalities between some of the speakers and the audience, there was no mistaking the feeling of the meeting as a whole—it was dead against the tariff. The special meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was more largely attended than the meetings of that important body usuallyare, and the speaking was of amuch higher order than is usually displayed. Every resolution was condemnatory of the principles and details of the financial scheme, every speech cut it up root and branch, and every motion was carried unanimously. Representative men like Messrs. Tartton, R. B. Smith, J. Howard Clark, Tomkinson, Barrow, Townsend, and Storrie, all agreed in two things— first, that this is not the time to increase the taxation of the colony; and, secondly, if it were, the scheme of the Treasurer was unjust, unequal, and inexpedient. Mr. Tomkinson ran over the proposed expenditure for next year, as indicated in the Estimates, and tried to show that, without serious detriment to the public interests, a saving ?f some £82,000 might be effected. In the cost of the Legisla ture he would cut down the £500 for the library, retrench the expenditure on the Caterer's establishment, and in these and other ways save £3,000 on the Legisla tive expenses. In the Post-Office De partment, he would save the cost of the branch service to King George's Sound ; in the grant for education, he would knock off £20,000; from charitable insti tutions, £5,000 ; drop the volunteers for a year or two; save £2,000 in the Supreme Court expenses; £3,000 in the Registrar of Deeds Department; £2,500 on the votes for aborigines; £7,500 for the Survey Department; and several items proposed under the head of "Miscel laneous." In all, he could save £82,000. Mr. Tomkinson admitted that some of his propositions were rather startling, but they were not more so than the pro posal of the Government to increase the taxation to such a serious extent and in such a questionable manner. Of course we do not endorse all that Mr. Tomkin son said on this subject; but undoubtedly the principle he contends for is the right one—to reduce expenditure rather than to increase taxation. Had the country been in a moderately prosperous condi tion at the present time, or likely to be so during the next year or two, we might have borne some addition to our ordinary taxation; but now, while all interests are depressed, retrenchment of expendi ture rather than imposing fresh burdens, ought to be aimed at. The meeting at the Town Hall was quite as clear and outspoken on the sub ject of the tariff as those which preceded it. It was largely attended by the work ing-classes, and the resolutions condemn ing the new scheme of taxation, were quite as vigorously and unanimously adopted. Not a single person was found with sufficient temerity to come forward and defend the scheme. "Judgment went by default;" the speaking was all on one side. It is note-worthy that in all the meetings which have been held the Government, as a whole, have been spoken of very kindly, though their financial policy is condemned. It is evi dent that if they will abandon this pro posed increased taxation, and honestly seek to reduce expenditure, they will be firmly supported ; but they have not the ghost of a chance of carrying their finan cial scheme. And now, in the face of all this, what will the Government do ? Will they insist upon|tfaeir;scheme,^or willjthey,?in deference to public opinion, so unequi vocally expressed, withdraw it, and cut the coat of their expenditure according to the cloth of their income ? This question they will be bound to answer to-day. Mr. Beynolds's resolution directly challenges their financial policy, and they will have to defend it, modify it, or withdraw it. It is especially unfortunate that the finnjit-ial policy of the Ministry will be mixed up with what amounts to a ques tion of confidence or no confidence in them; because hon. members will un doubtedly be influenced in their votes by the mode in which the financial policy of the Government is to be raised. There is an impression abroad that Mr. Reynolds is, to some extent at least, responsible for the accumu lated debt which now, in the opinion of the Treasurer, renders taxation neces sary, and that therefore he is not exactly the gentleman to call upon the House to condemn the new scheme. The impres sion ia that if bis resolution of condemna tion were carried it would prepare the way for his return to the Treasury Benches, where it is said a majority of the House have no wish to see him at ! present. It is possible, therefore, that to prevent such an eventuality the House would rather vote with the Government than with Mr. Reynolds. And here lies ; the danger. If Mr. Reynolds loses his motion, the Government may interpret the vote of the House as being in favor of their financial policy, which would be a great migtylra Members might not be prepared to cay with Mr. Reynolds that they are dissatisfied with the financial policy, because of the ulterior conse quences of their votes, and yet they may be very far from saying with the Go vernment that they are satisfied with their policy. We have heard it sug gested that the "previous question" would be a good method of getting out of the difficulty. This would enable the House to put Mr. Reynolds's motion aside, and also to reject the financial scheme of the Treasurer by a direct vote against it. The House do not want to vote for Mr. Reynolds's motion, sp as to put the formation of a new Ministry into his h^m"ia > and they do not want to vote for the new tariff which the country cannot bear. Mr. Strangway? is an astute politician, and he ought to see how public opinion is tending. He would make a great mistake if, supposing he has a majority on Mr. Reynolds's motion, he were to regard that as an expression of acquiescence in his financial scheme; for even if he had a majority in the House, he would be as weak as a broken reed unless that ma jority were backed up by public opinion outside. However die no-coufidence motion may go—for or against the Govern ment—their proposal to increase taxation is and will be condemned by the country. 