: It: will be seen.-that Mr., falter yVTont gomery jrill commence a; series of readings at "White's Booms on: Wednesday evening.; - This evening at Pbri'^deUide^in' the Presbyterian Church, the ;Rey.;'Mi\ Henderson will deliver a lecture, entitled " Cromwell and His Times." ,... , Amongst the cases . at the Police' Court is that of M.Tocchi, .who lias been fined £.100 for distilling without-givihg-notice. - M. Tocchi pleads that he sent the notice by. a boy, whb forgot*or neglected to. deliver. :■We1 presume 'there will be an: appeal to:the Executive for a mitigation of the penalty;:Or . j S'i ; < '- % temperance oineetiiig iwas held; in the Bible Christian Chapel,-Mitchaih, on Monday evening, Sept. 13, for the promotion of Rechab itism. Mr. M. Hi :Madge,I'D. 0. R., in the chair. Mr; Tapscott briefly spoke :bf IthelTemperahce 'cause in', geneial; itsainrahd object;" -Mr.cJRule ably recited? "rthe Chameleon." Mr. E. Black; P.C.R.;' spoke of the benefits-of Recbabitism; Mr. A. Barniveld made a very suitable address, •and B«*d that the christian was liable to promote the suicide by encouraging persons to partake of intoxicating liquors,: and urged that a child; though innocent in years,'might 'become a helpless drunkard.through the power, of habit; Mr;.P. A. Moore,; P.O.R., made a veiy appro; ■priate speech, after which he' recited '' A Quid of Tobacco."' Mr. Severington said that though ■he had: passed-the age usually allotted to mani he :was; thankful: to' say he-.was . a :.teetotaller; and that he did not require lintoiicating drinks even now, thou *h he had passed his 78th year. •'-The. meeting was enlivenecLby several anthems by a choir, -Mr. Green', preridihg at .the har monium, and'the proceedings closed with the ; National Anthem: ' r ... Mr. fuchardson, of Mount Pleasant, .wjities ^ j'inforih us.thht' on Saturday forenoon two: men "brought hiinlTi dwts."'of gold, which ."was found one and aialf iniles from that town ship, between -it, ahd'.Tiingkillo, " It is of a . beautifully clear .yellow color,and ^perfectly free from quartz or earfch ;of any.kind. Our : correspondent advises . intending diggers to go direct by. way-of Mount 'Pleasant, walk about one" and; a-half imileSj^ahd, then set-to and try. 'their"luck. V The '^aat';of water is .the main drawback, but. there are a good few inen busy, working. "Mr. Richardson intends to forward, the gqld.to.us.for inspectipn. . - . • Qii Monday., evening,' September 13, '.Mr.- TL N; Bagot read -a'p(aper in" the; Lefevre terrace Eaptist Chapel, in connection, with the Mutual; Improvement: Society meeting there, ; subject^" The Preparation of Flax: By Hand.". The Rev.'.J. Tj. Parsons, President of the Society, . presided.' .Sir. Bagot stated that "his paper would, be. simply what he .recollected of the .preparation.of .flax in Ireland; anjl by means of' a; few models "he^ittus toi&d; .the," different jbo-; , 'cMses":it . bad tb. nndereo' froin the -time it was' , pulled^'until' it had jbeen scutched ready for ■, spinning..The pap^y^waa'vefy/ip'teresting, in :straoti^:^dli%usthg^a^dtb<a$u(iied-sabout an; ^hourih^r^^ng."'-. Thpjusual'^p'te of thanks was lpassechr"ul si ■■'•day'.'-I >" : Tea and public; meetings* will be held ' this erembg'afc the? Ebenezer' Baptist Chapel to welcome the':Eev;r Mr. Cozens," the new pastor. • . A tea meeting and soiree .'are to take place this evening in; the -Temperance Hall, North'Adelaide, in'connection with the Female Rechabite'Societies.1- - . i The..; ; .Jefferis^-will:.deliypi;-J his lecture on "The Catacombs',of; Rome'"thiB evening in the Clayton-Chapel,*. Kensington, in .aid. "of the'manse! fund.;; . the. Mes-; merist and Phrenplpgist", wiirshortiy visit Ade laide. He possesses high testimonials from gentlemeninrthe other.colonies,?■-. ?~r- • : Tordayrwill be obseeyed- a. holiday .in Gawler in honor of a demonstration, in connec tion with; the Friendly Sooieties in that town.: ~ A" picnic is to be held-in—Mr.—Duffield's pic-' turesque grounds, and"a capital programme of sports has been issued, - including ,a velocipede; 'race. In the eyening.an. entertainment; will be held in the Oddfellows' Halh' -j Excitision trains will run, so as;to enable pewons from the' city , and elsewhere "to attend me picnic. The Argvs states that " despatches were . Bent.via Sydney.by the' Polynesia Company, to; : their 'representatives at -Fiji;''announcing?-the. final settlement, bf^the^tjnited States claim against' King Thakombau; and*• the native chiefs of the islands.,, The _ Company ?s manager, who his been absent the .past three months in Fiji arranging this negotiation, -is'daily expected to' arrive in Sydney. Mr. Finner, the Secretary,1 inform* ?ji that he brings' with him King Tha^" konibau'i son for education in Melbourne. 'The iKlnf. Tiatinfl frir TTHf -'ooilpr? nri'tVn fifh pwwngere. Thejtev. J. Oswald 3Dykes lias declined an invitation. to accept the'pastorato of-'»the Presbyterian Church, in .East St. K.ilda» His medical,advisers inform him that •, cbriiate; i;! hot a very1 important element in his recovery;,' and that thera^^othhig,'-wha1teyer,,to prevent him undertaking a'moderate'hmbtirit"of' work | jnLondon. Under these circumstances, and in view of the fact that London and Edinburgh offer to a Presbyterianminister a more-im portant place of influence than any .colonial,J charge can do, and that both cities are worse! supplied with ministers than . .Melbourne, inj proportion, to them "respective populations, he hds- made up his' mind i 'to remain in Great Britain. A meeting of the Northern Territory I Company (Limited) was held at the registered office of the Company on Monday, for the purr pose of receiving a report from the Liquidators ; with reference to .the winding-up of the Com pany, Mr. S^/Tomkin'soh in* the chair., There were present, in addition to the Chairman, Messrs. rH. Bymill, A. Jeffrey, B. B; Smith, H. L; Ayers (representative of Messrs. Bryden, Paxton, and Bayer), W. Gosse, W. M. Letch ford,. C. Schilling, 0. Sabine (for'G. Green),'. N. Blyth,.L. Glyde.lW. Peacock, A. Hay, and the | Solicitor, Mr. T. B> Bruce. The Liquidators'' accounts were read, and the meeting by resolu tion,. expressed their satisfaction with the manner in which the winding-up. bad ' been' 'ac complished. ' ' . A-.'public tea meeting in; aid of the funds of the St. John's,Church :was,held-.in ■ Pulteney-street Schoolroom, on Monday,. Sep-, tember 13. The attendance was large. After ;| the tables had been cleared, a lecture was de- .j livered by Mr. B. Baker on "Electricity." The<' lecturer,'after stating the p.eriodwhen electricity:, was first-made known and tire subsequent ;-facts that were brought to light by: experiments, j illustrated his subject, by means of a powerful j .machine with alarge; number of' experiments,; which proved both entertaining and instructive, j At the conclusion of the lecture, at the request; of Mr; Baker as many persons as could j conveniently do so- -joined hands round! the"' room, - and received a ' strong ■ shook j from the instrument. On the lecturer! resuming';his' seat,- a vote ."of thanks ' was accorded' to him, and' similar, compliments were passed-to'Mrs. Proctor, and Mr. G.Bell, who had sung several piecet of music'; to Mr. J. Heberiet who presided at the piano ;:and to a youthful-violinist, who was. deservedly encored 'in his only effort during-the- even ing. The proceedings then closed with the; National Anthem. On Monday evening Mr, Batson's; benefit came off at the Theatre Royal, there ■ being a very scanty house. The performance:! commenced with " The Serious Family," the j I cast being partially the same as' when the;! coihedy was . played in the early part of tbei season. The sanctimonious demeanor and ut-1' terauce of Aminidab and Lady Creamly, as represented by Mr. Hill and Mrs. Stoneham respectively,1 'excited immense laughter. The; rollicking humor of Captain Murphy Maguire,] was well rendered by . Mr. Bellair, while;Misst Juno's, impersonation rof the ' dashing warm-! hearted widow Delmaine was more easy and' natural than, when given under more' inspirit-: irig circumstances. Miss Maggie.Bur ton played! the part of the mild well-meaning puri4 tanic little wife fairly. Mr. George kept up! the character of the family ,in his. attire, -Walk,! and conversation, i The song "Walking in the; Zoo," by Mr. Batson, followed, and called forth hearty ^applaiise.- -The • burlesque of "Donj Giovanni," with which we have been made per-! fect'y' familiar during the • past season,' closed the programme. Donna Maria, one of the heroines of this play, is Mr. Batson's most successful impersonation, and on Monday even ing be .was heartily applauded for his rendering of the; character. • In answer to 'a vociferous call he appeared before the curtain, and in a neat speech thanked the. audience for their attendance, and* assured them that be should always have pleasant recollections of Adelaide. Valtje of the Ox in America.—If the white man, should' advance, as he surely will, the bison will ^depart or, perish, for the European slaughters'them by tens of thousands" for .their I hides and tallow only." Nor will this be matter for wonder when it is remembered that 150 pounds weight:of fat are obtained from the best animals, and that the" hides aie so valuable as to have been called " Californian bank notes." Then the white man is grieved at the dearness of meat in the crowded homes of civilization, and is forming societies for preserving bison beef, and transporting it to the meat market of England. The red man has heard of this, and is gloomily pondering over the one great article of his creed, " If whij£ man comes, bison goes." But the/departure or destruction of these won derful herds means, the annihilation of the red tribes. Therefore it is that, even while. we are reading these lines, the rifle3.are flashing along j the Indian frontiers; The bison is the main cause- of "thercontest.' "-Why don't the red man plough the ground?..then therejfvouid be lots of food, and to spare,".cries the exaspeiated white settler, whose house Has* been hurried' by the savages.. There is just the difficulty. : The Indian .will. not. plough * therefore he must 1 hunt; therefore be relies on the; bison j "and therefore he tries, hut all in'vain, to stop, ev;en with rifle and ^tomahawk, the white, rri'ari's re sistless marili. —Gassdl's ETew Popular Edu cator. Fbekch Revolutionists.—A certain number of Socialists, of the first electoral division in vited M. Felix Pyat to present., himself as candidate. Mi Pyat was a Commissioner of the Republic, and one of the representatives for the Departmentr of the Cher in the Constituent Assembly, where, he sat with the extreme sec tion of the Mountain, and. made speeches on the rights of labor in. a Socialist sense. . He, was subsequently elected to. theLegislative As sembly. X3h .the 13th. of .June,. 1849, he joined Ledru Rollin in an appeal to arms against the Government ;- accompanied--him-to- the -Con servatoire de3 •• Arts et; Metiers, in the Rue St. Martin, - with some others who installed . themselvesIn. the -full belief that- tlio. - populace . r would, rise at the call. ; Their call was, however, very coldly responded to; and the movement, which began on the .Bpulevard,. was cut short by General Changarnier, who was then in command of the army of Paris, as well as by the, indifference of the people. The Conservatoire: was encompassed by troops. -Some few arrests were made, but MM^ Ledru Rollin ari(l Felix. Pyat made no re sistance, and escaped through the windows be-, fore the police had time to catch them. They baffled their pursuers and reached the frontier.' M..Pyat has been living for the last 20 years in Switzerland, Belgium, or England, and his. name was broughtprominently forward ■ by pamphlets -containing the apology of- the Orsini attempt. . To the invitation, to stand for Paris, which would require, as a preliminary^ condition, an oath of fidelity to the Emperor and the Constitution, M. Pyat has made the fol-: lowing answer"Citizens— Thanks for the" offer ypu make me... It proves, that you are not afraid of ghosts, of red spectres,'or. of the other colors which the matador of'the Empire is .wont to. enlarge .upon-in his speeches. lTfaye 'one objection-to..your"offer; and that is, I am dead, civilly,defunct, defunct like the Republic (for five year.8)* and hot to revive but with it.' If .I believe the ordinance, " that has killed me, my name signifies! revolution, and hot opposition/ ,My;act would be scorn and hatred of the Go vernment. . . I have too much respect for. justice to contradictiti. ;Thereforo,:citizens,'so long as you have not the power,to-.restpra Lazarus to life, to repeat the miracles of 1830 and 1848, do not throw away your votes. I consider myself as decidedly; condemned, and as decidedly dead; and the, proof is that I have made my will, and here.it is :-rr' Iq the.'namenf, "the principles of 1789, liberty, equality,: fraternity, faithful, to the dogma ef'my whole life,/haying had the greatest honor which a inah could desire, that of representihg'Frahce when free, insensible to all other "ambition and to all illusions," convinced by the experience of December- and Brumaire that ;the Empire is fatal to liberty, I, the under signed, bequeath myi modest fortune, 50,000 francs, to the man who, shall save liberty.'" Of the significance of this last passage, - and of the "object for which/that sum is offered, there, can be little doubt,: 