BRIDGE TOLLS ON SUNDAYS. • [TO THE EDITOR OF THE "BASNEE."] Sft,—Will you inform me if the toll-receiver on 'the Albury bridge over the Hurray can legally demand toH'froin persons crossing on the Sabbath day for the purpose of attending places of worship ? By answering the above you will not only oblige mo, but also many other persons who are now in the dark on the Subject. [This question was brought into Court some timo 'ago, and the opinion of Sir James Martin, the then Attorney-General, was obtained upon it. ThiB 'opinion was to the effect that lessees of Bridge tolls were not at liberty to demand tolls on Sundays from persons who required to pass through the toll gates for the purpose of attending Church, provided that the Church attended be the proper and usual place of worship of such persons. In England the law con- 'fines the privilege of exemption from toll to persons attending their proper parochial Church, but as such Churches aro not frequent in the colony, the Act of Now South Wales extends the exemption to persons attending at their projir-r Church, and the meaning of that term lies been defined as being a church at 'which the persons habitually or generally attend. Thus'it would seem to be open to the toll lessee to 'charge for any person living out of the neighbourhood 'of the bridge who might only attend occasionally at a 'distant church.— INQUIRER; ED.] \- , DISTILLATION IICENSFS have been granted to James Wyse and Henry ilau, for the year 1S69. His LonDsniP, the Anglican Bishop of Melbourne held a confirmation at Christ Church, Beechworth, on Sunday last. About sixty person were confirmed. IT is reported from Melbourne that it is thought desirable that the Ovens railway lines 'should be of the same gauge as those of Now South Wales. INTERCCII.6:.'IAI SINGLE-WICKET MATCH.—Sydney scored 57 in the two innings; Melbourne 35 in the 'first innings, and 23 in the second, with a wicket 'to Bpare. LIBTS OF SUBSCRIPTIONS to the Regatta fund have l>een sent in to the Treasurer by MesBrs. Driscoll, Fallon (Indigo Creek), and Devereill. Other lists liave still to be rendered. PBESBTTEUIAN CHURCH.—We understand that a •pro renata meeting of the Beechworth Presbytery, will bo held at Albury, on Wednesday next, the 28th inst., to enquire into certain roports regarding the Rep. D. H. Ballantyne. BEECHWORTH OIECUIT COUBT.—Among the cases 'tried at Beechworth on the 21st inst, James Marshall was sentenced to twenty calendar months imprisonment for stealing £6 from the person of William Wallace, at Belvoir, on the 27th December. EXTENEION OF BUSINESS.—The establishment of Mr. J. T. Fallon has lately beeu enlarged by the addition of a valuable stock of drapery, &c.;, for men and for ladies and children. This extension of the business has been located in a separate warehouse adjoining the general store. THE MUSICAL AND LITEIIAUT entertainment in aid of tlio parsonage fund of the Church of England will come off at the Exchange Booms on Tuesday evening. Tbe musical arrangements will be under the inanagoment of Mr. Foster, who will be assisted by Several competent amateurs. THE GEFAT DEBATE in the Victorian Assembly 'on tbe Jones case has resulted in the adoption of the motion of the Attorney-General condemning Mr, Jones for secretly receiving money from the funds of the Quieting of Titles Bill Association. Upon tbe motion of tbe Chief Secretary, tbe House in like manner agreed to a resolution expelling the late member for Ballarat West from liis seat. UEANA RACES.—The following were the results of tbe racing on the 16tb inst':—Maiden Plate—Basquin, 1\. Town Plate—Sunbeam, 1; Kaffir, 2 ; Lancashire Witch, 8. Hurdle Race—T.R. 1. Ladies' Purse— Lancashire. Witch, 1;. Eaglebawk, 2; Kaffir, 3. Squatters' Purse—Eaglebawk, 1; Sunbeam, 2; Kaffir, 8\. Consolation Stakes—Kaffir, 1; Prairie Boy, 2; Burthong, 8. Hurry Skurry—Ghost, 1. NOTE TOE MILLERS AND PAHMEBS.—i. process has recently been patented in England by which the bran of flour, after being separated; is ground into on ! impalpable powder, and then again mixed .with the flour. In this way all the nutritious ingredients are preserved, while the fineness of tbe flour is hot aflcctod. DEEDS OF GRANT to the undermentioned persons are now ready for delivery at the Land Titles Office, Sydney:—Francis Burleton, Bowna; Messrs Desailly, 'Tirana; Laurence Garry, Billabong; J. H. Kirkpatrick, Bowna; Robert M'Micking, Manus5 fierce ; Uaher, county Hume; John Matthews, Moorivatha; : Alexander Macpherson, parish of Huon; James H. Osborne, county Hume; Ralph Powell, Jerilderie; David Taskia, Bowna; George Willingole, Howlong. TEA MEETING AT BOXGOWAXXAH.—Active preparations are being iflade tor getting up a tea meeting fcnd musical and literary entertainment at Bungowannah on Wednesday next; die 28th inst. Tbe bbject ofjthe efiair is to provide a fund towards the erection of a creditable brick building for tbe use of tlie Churchof England codgrcgation, which has. liitherto jnet ln a eliabby temporaiy building. Tbe growing importance of the Bungowannah district and the increase in the congregation now render it necessary to provide better accommodation, and the matter hMiboen realously goneintoby Influential residents in tie locality. As A rtile, the Church accommodation provided by the various denominations In the district the rule exist in their locality, and hence tbe present endeavour to etort a Church Building Ftmd. After the tea meeting, at which tbe tiear and other gentlemen will deliver addresses, there will be readings and recitations, singing, ia, by local amateurs. A large number of the tickets have already been disposed of, and more can be obtained from the gentlemen homed in the «dr<irtisement which appears in another column! . 