A SEASONABLE WORD. Dilatoriness is a weakness inherent in hu man nature. This is shown by the abun dance of proverbs in existence provocative to promptitude of act ion. " Put not off till to-morrow what can be done to-day," "Take time by the forelock," ' Procrastination, is the phief of time." " Dlays are danger ous," are but samples of may that at once suggest themprelyes to the .tuoe ut wuen exer cised in considering the advisa ity of prose cntin g or delaying any specific no of action. Bearing this in imind, we do t think it sut of season to remind those ! take the initiative in municipal matters in this dis trict, that the time for the annual elections is fast approaching. Within a few weeks now according t-i the act the nominations must be made, so that it is time some stir was being taken in the matter. It is ex trenle folly to leave anything to be settled on.the eve of nomination day, when, in the hurry which is sure to be then experienced, some undesirable person may slip in, who, if time had been given to canvass his quali fications, would never have had the ghost of a chance of attaining to municipal |hnni rn.I There is no cause for alarm that this ob vioue duty will be neglected this year in St. Kilda. The antagonism of party is too sitrong there just at presept to allow of any atone being left unturned by either side. Pro and anti new-townhallites each show dalready that theyi are bent on fighting to he lass in defence of their pepuliar views. 'rhe struggle' will be severe5 and, we fear, bitter. Already there is nuch ?bad blood," hut what the quantity will be before the election is over it is impossible to conceive. this is much to be regretted. Men will differ. Up to a certain point it is desirable that they should do so. Without the honest clash of opinion we should get stagnatio. - and anything, almost, is preferable to that. Still we should like to see men have their public differences without -allowing them to affect their social amenities. Why should Jones and Brown, who hitherto were very friendly, and whose fauilies had pleasant intercourse, now pass each other in the street without a word of greeting, and their wives and children scowl at each other instead of smile when they meet- and all because their respected parkts cannot agree as to whether the re- 'ilding of the. parish weatlercocic sihould be executed at a Cost.of Gd. more or less than each thinks it ought to cost ? Aind why sh4ould enmities be made in St. Kilda because there is a difference of opinion on the Town Hall question ? Let the advocates of either side fight it out in all earnestness, but do ',not let them .carry theil differences.into ptrivate life'. Whilst thetefore, -we have no fear that in St. Kilda there will be any mistake made through want of watchfulness and prompti tude, we are not so sure aboqt Prahran. This borough, which 9med to be r.einarhble for tli ;"ntensity of itp municipal struggles, has 'pf late fallen off much in this respect.; and St is hard work now to ga.t up anything like a decent contest. If this ere'.the re sult of such desirable candidates coming forward. that .there could be no objection to thenf, we could understand it; but with the re membrancs we: have of some having re centiy slipped in, who bttve been neither useful nor ornamental, we cannot accept this explanation. We have stnid elore, apd we now repeat it, that the soelel' stondipg of this councij is, if not statiuonyr, csrtainly not moving upwards. And we attribute this to the apathy shown at tbe last few elec tions in seeking. out suittble sandidates. Let not, then, -this remissness be again displayed. Now, while there is time, show some' aoctivity. Begin at once to look out for wowthy. men to tfill the vacancies that will occnr. sunnosoin the retiring osunqillsrs do not again offer themselves, or there are reasonable grounds for wishing for a hasnge. And a word to gentlemen who may be nasked to stand. Think twice before you refiuse. Citizenship lGss its duties as well as its riglhts. No man is exactly a free agent in this matter. He can scarcely do what he likes with his own: He owes somethisg to society; and, unless there are unanswerable reasons for any gentleman declninng to stand syhen urged thereto by a memlber of his fellowr burgesses, we thinkc he has no rielht to decline. Mere censidera tions of personal inconvenience ougst not ts be allowed to interfere with the public weal. 