PARLIAMENTARY CHECKS ON EXTRA- VAGANCE. (From the Saturday Review.) . WE considered last week Mr. Bright's allegation that the present system of framing and passing the Estimates affords no guarantee for proper economy, and we were driven to the conclusion that he was substantially right, and that, although the pressure of Parliament and the sense of responsibility on the part of the Cabinet may sometimes tend to reduce the aggregate amount of the Estimates, there is no security whatever against administrative waste. To point out a defect is, however, much easier than to suggest the true remedy, and it does not at all follow that Mr. Bright's proposal of referring the Estimates to a select committee of the House might not make matters worse than they are at present. If the project is (easy to judge from Mr. Bright's general views, seems not unlikely) to transfer the financial administration, and with it the whole financial responsibility, from the Cabinet to the House of Commons, nothing could well be more mischievous. The responsibility of a Select Committee becomes merged is that of the House, and the responsibility of a body endowed with absolute sovereignty, as the House of Commons is in financial matters, is a contradiction in terms. Under such a system we should not hats even the ghost of responsibility which now exists. We do not appeal to the example, bad as it is, of the United States as evidence of the necessary failure of direct Parliamentary administration, because the omnipotence of the lobby is a disturbing element in Congress from which it maybe hoped that our Parliament would be exempt. But, even under the most favourable conditions, administration by the direct action of the House of Commons' alone would, we are satisfied, leave the last state of the finances worse than the first. It is quite possible, nevertheless, that the machinery of a Select Committee might be made very serviceable without endowing it with the initiative which Mr. Bright ceases to contemplate. Such a committee would be the worst possible substitute even for the most careless and ill-informed Minister ; but, though a bad substitute, it might be a more or less effective critic and it is certain that, if the Estimates had to pass the ordeal of a small committee instead of being } smuggled or rushed through committee of the whole > _ House, Ministers and their subordinates would be mere careful not to insert items that would not bear , scrutiny, and would feel a greater instead of a less responsibility in consequence of the increased risk of being found out. Even in France, where the docile Government majority reduces the power of the Assembly to insignificance, the Budget Commission is not with, out appreciable influence on the Imperial Government, though, of course, no comparison of much value can be made between the representatives of what is little more than a sham Parliament and such a body as a Select Committee of the House of Commons. There is a theoretical objection to making the action of the House efficient, which may be very shortly disposed of. It is often said that at present Ministers practically pass what votes they please, and cannot escape their full responsibility, but that, if the revision of the Estimates were made a reality instead of a sham, the burden would be shifted to the House of Commons, But this is not so. A Cabinet does not cease to be responsible for its general policy because Parliament debates and decides upon it, and Ministers who prepare votes must answer for their proposals, whether they are accepted or rejected. * Mr. Disraeli's followers sometimes attempted in recent hustings' speeches to answer charges of extravagance by saying that the House of Commons had approved the Estimates of the Cabinet ; but the Ministers themselves admitted their responsibility, and took the wiser course of producing figures to show that they had not really been as guilty as was supposed. Indeed, if revision by a superior authority is to be considered as annihilating Ministerial responsibility, it is destroyed as much in theory by a vote in committee of the whole House, as by a vote founded on a report of a select committee. The objection, in fact, if carried to its logical conclusions would require that the Cabinet should have the power of passing its own Estimates, which would be paying rather a high price even for the most absolute Ministerial responsibility. The real question is not one of theory, but of practice. The House of Commons does undertake the duty of passing or rejecting every item of the Estimates, Can this duty be best performed by a debate in which one member states facts which another ill-informed member flatly contradicts, or by an inquiry conducted by a few competent men with the power of taking evidence on disputed allegations, and summoning the officers who have actually prepared the Estimates to explain why this or that Hem appears at all, and why the particular sum set against it was not more or less To ask such a question is to answer it, and if such > a committee were constituted, there can be no I doubt that Parliament and the country would know a vast deal more about the way the money goes than is allowed to leak out at present. Experience has proved this, if proof were needed. Now and then, when a member who criticises expenditure happens to be strong enough, he does succeed in getting a Select Committee to inquire into some special branch of administrative outlay, and the result almost alwa> s is to expose and to check some abuse which has been eating into the resources of the country it may be for half a century. And it is material to observe that these inquiries are never in practice attended with any diminution of Ministerial responsibility. Take, for example, Mr. Seely's Committee. When he made his charges in the House, he was met sometimes by flat contradictions, and at others by evasive answers." He got his committee and proved his case. It was wholly immaterial that the committee did not agree on a report. The evidence 5 was printed and summed up in the Chairman's Draft Report, the facts were known, and the result has been to stop waste which had been going on almost time out of mind. We may be sure that in future iron ballast will not be laid down for pavement, and that no favoured firm will have anchor contracts at 50 per cent. above the market value of their goods. It a Standing Committee, not to initiate, but to criticise the Estimates, were appointed, we might fairly expect to obtain from it the same sort of benefits which result from such occasional inquiries as are now sanctioned. Probably the Government for the time being would always have a majority on the committee, and an adverse report would be an exceptional occurrence ', but the facts would come out, and the fear of such disclosures would prevent a score of improper items from ever being inserted, for every one that the committee actually detected and exposed. Responsibility would become much more real under such a regime than it is now. In theory, permanent officials are responsible only to the Minister 5 that is, to a person who derives all his information from them, and knows nothing' which they do not desire that he should know. If every suspected item were subject to investigation by a Select Committee, however, the Minister could no longer be kept in ignorance, and would exercise a control over his subordinates which is now impossible. In this way we should no longer have the power of wasting money vested in officials subject to no effective supervision, but the real power of control would be given to the Minister, and given with conditions which would make him feel with double force the responsibility of exercising it. It is difficult to over estimate the legitimate saving which would be effected if every official, when engaged in preparing the Estimates, felt that he must not put down an item which he could not justify before a critical committee, and that £20.00. could not be spent where £10,000 would suffice, without his being called upon to give the reason why. It must not be said that the mere fact the making a permanent officer liable to a kind of cross examination by a select committee would shift responsibility from the Cabinet to the officer himself. If errors were exposed, the blame would be properly cast upon the Minister who did not efficiently control erratic, and summarily dismiss incompetent, subordinates. Indirectly, the permanent staff, in whom the actual power of controlling the details of the Eiti mates tests, would find themselves under real responsibility, as every one who wields real power ought to be. But that would be in form a responsibility to their immediate political chiefs, who alone would be called to account by the House of Commons. If any such plan were adopted, some care would be required to prevent the Committee from attempt- ing to initiate where they ought only to criticise, and also to obviate the risk of the whole inquiry being rendered abortive by too minute an investigation of multitudinous items. Any a man of business (and there need be no lack of such would be able very quickly to put his finger upon the items most urgently requiring examination, and what actual disclosure did for one vote the possibility of it would do for the rest. A Select Committee, if constituted on the general basis we have indicated, might, we believe, be made a most effective engine in checking the discreditable waste which exists in all our Government departments; and if this is all that Mr. Bright means, we have not a word to say against him. We are afraid, however, that he means much more than this 