THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE VATICAN. BEFOEE the next number of the Advocate is in circulation the most momentous event in the present century will have occurred. On Wednesday next, the 8th Deeember, and the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, the First Council-of-the -Vatican will be opened by Pius the Great. On that day the hierarchy of the Catholic world, as-' sembled round the Vicar of Christ, will sit in solemn Council to. distmss, under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, all problems, spiritual and temporal, which, concern .the interests of the Church Militant. - Not if all the arches of triumph in the worid Were collected in one vast theatre, and'^ the, jgreatness, pomp, anil glory, of jtHerichest and most powerful kingdoms of tfie earth : were Crowded there J not if ijll .the dignity and fame to which man has ri&en;, and which lie :has achieved wpre represented there, and ; the mightiest successes • of the''&umkn; intellect refined 1 tlfis ciabhly grandeur t6 the "utmost possible degree-^—not if iall, tjieae "things were acc^mplished, and ^ else ; within human power that is great or beautiful were added, would the scene equal that which will be witnessed in St. Peter's on the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, 1870\. The successors of the Fishermen, humble to the world in their origin, poor and meek in spirit, and having no will but the will of God, and no ambition that is not solicitous for His glory, will yet, with the Vicar of Christ at their head, constitute aft authority more high, and mighty than could be realised by the combined powers of earth. For now, as in the days of the Apostles, the Spirit of the Holy Ghost will descend upon them, and be with them. The imperishable truth which has been handed down to them through the unbroken line of their predecessors will abide in them, and in their decrees we shall hear the voice of the Church, against which neither the powers of hell nor earth can prevail. And what glory compared to this can human wisdom, exalted even by supreme human power, pretend to 1 What claim to respect compared to this can fallible man set up 1 Does not all his efforts to exalt the human intellect and establish a dominion over the minds of men, sink into insignificance when contrasted with a wisdom and an authority thus derived ? In the decisions of the Council will go forth words of truth, which the millions of Catholics of all nations and speaking all tongues, will receive with reverence. To the vast majority of civilised and Christian men the decrees of the Council will be the highest law—a law which no other can contravene or annul, and which no human power is privileged to resist. But whilst Catholics may now properly indulge in such reflections as these, and yield to feelings of pride and thanksgiving at this great triumph of the Church, it is also desirable that they should have some precise ideas of the circumstances under which the First Council of the Vatican was convened and will be held. CEcumenical Councils, such as the present is, are only convened upon extraordinary occasions. Altogether eighteen CEcumenical Councils have been held, and of these the last—that of Trent—opened in 1545, and did not close till 1563, having been in session eighteen years. The world looks angrily upon the convocation of an (Ecumenical Council, regarding it as an evidence of strength and wide dominion in the Church. And it is undoubtedly the best proof that could be afforded oil these points ; for in seasons of severe trial, when it might not be possible for the members of the hierarchy in any of the large or important countries of the world to come to Rome, the Holy Father would not deem it expedient to convoke an CEcumenical Council. That he did so in 1869 must have convinced those who had been talking of the decrepitude of the Papacy that its integrity was inviolate, and its strength undiminished. And when the Catholic subjects of Pius the Great, among all nations and peoples, receive with great joy and thanksgiving the announcement of the opening of the Council which, along with his virtues, is to render his benign reign memorable in all time to come, the enemies of tlic Church will then see that the desperate assaults which are made upon it are as futile to shake it from its foundation as the rebellion of man against his God should be. But whilst the Council will be a great triumph to Catholicity, it is not to be overlooked that it must be attended with more or less of danger to religion. When the Church puts forth her strength, as on the present occasion, her enemies: become more active and unscrupulous. Her enemy —the world—becomes exasperated at her boldness, and endeavours, by all the machinations the Evil One tan suggest,' to thwart her in her great purposes. Then, truly, commences a conflict in which there are successes and reverses at each side, though eventually the victory must be with truth. ;: In the events which have, already occurred we have seen .this illustrated in some measure. Whilst ... Pagan, or non- Christian princes have -encouraged and helped some Catholic Bishops to attend the Council, 'Christian and. even Catholic Emperors have desired to interpose obstacles to others doing so.. Schismatic prelates, in some instances, have declined'the affectionate invitation; of the Pope rather than displease their temporal ruler;. in others, they haver/accepted it in respectful terms. Whilst some sincere and gpod, men outside the Church have not concealed the spiritual interest with which, . they ; regard.the •XJojincil, i others within: it; bayp. .given way to unworthy doubts and fearsw v Thusihpre have been successes and reverses at each side, as there has been since Peter received the keys, and as there will be till the final triumph of the Church Militant. Its sufferings, it should be remembered, are one of the marks of the True Church. Its condition is one of conflict, and where there is conflict there must be wounds and sufferings. And so it is that we sometimes see the Church in tribulation and almost conquered in the battle, and on other occasions that, in the midst of her joy, we see some of ler children cold in their attachment, or even disaffected. But whether she is mourning or rejoicing, there is the glorious consolation for her children that she is indefectible, and must survive without blemish or error till that day when her Divine Founder igain reigns personally over her. All withia her fold are assured that however opposed to human interests and inclinations her decrees may seem, they are infallibly just. If they are not misled by human passion oi human vanity, they must understand that the Church cannot, where an article of faith or a moral principle is involved, adapt herself to the world, and that it is not ior her to yield but man to submit. And yet this is what a few children within h3r pale, enamoured of modern thought, ask. They would have the principles of modern society—which are essentially vicious—acknowledged, and have the pretensions of the State recognised, though they infringe both upon the liberty and authority of the Church of Christ. The philosophy of the world was gaining an ascendancy even in Catholic countries over the higher principles which the Church legitimately sought to enforce, and when the remonstrances of the Church, though founded upon established laws, no longer availed to arrest the progress of the evil, the Holy Father summoned an (Ecumenical Council to deal with the question by laying down exact definitions applicable to it. This being one of the objects of the Council, is is no wonder that it has provoked mistrust and fears. From the nature of the evil and the course taken to correct it, such results were inevitable. And as Catholics, with non-Catholics, were imbued with "modern thought," it is not surprising that some of them manifest an indisposition to bend their necks to the yoke. Liberalism is much more agreeable to the human temper than Catholic docility, and as it cannot be an easy matter to renounce it, we should not judge harshly those who may exhibit a little perversity of disposition when it becomes likely that they shall be required to do so. But after they have indulged their impatience and fretfulness for a short time they will submit as others before them have done, and possibly they may ; become, as did others with similar experience, great lights in the Church. But however that may be, of this the Catholic world is certain, that the (Ecumenical Council, which our Holy Father Pope Pius the IX. has convened, and which will be opened on Wednesday next, will help to re-establish the legitimate authority of the Church over Catholic society in Europe, and to extend the Catholic religion , among those who unhappily in past times fell away from the faith. For these results the prayers of many millions will be offered on Wednesday next, at the celebration of the g^eat feast which falls on that day. 