SPIRITUAL PHOTOGRAPHY. ( Builder.) There is at least one New .York photo grapher who "calls spirits from the vast)' deep " for the modest consideration of ten dollars a head. And they came, too, or something comes, very like-the popular idea of a (rhost. This clever artist takes the portrait of any person who may be desirous to sit,, and .also gives on the same carte de vifcite the. shadowy picture of some deceased friend-hiisband or wife,, parenj;,, lover, o^, child. Thousands of persons believe,, or pro fess to believe that; these likenesses are obtained by some spiritual force, and their credulity has /enabled the " original spiritual photographs " to amass a handsome fortune: On the other hand, it happens that there are a large number of persons who bay^ had spirit photographs not satisfied with the result^ * i®h^j^ptomy consider that in paying th£ sjim ^£2 for iheir^yjjs ** too jnuch for tbejr whistle, _ bat they upon the thing as V regular avrindle, and legal ©roceedines were taken against the.person^li, Suction, « Mr Williajn H/Mumler.Tfae charge against him" was that by meansof what he calls spiritual photographs he had cheated many credulous persons, leading them to believe it possible to phptpgraph the;: immaterial forms of their departed friends. Mumler.was charged, in fact, with obtaining money under false pretfences. The case being without precedent in the annals of criminal Jurisprudence, has excited extraordinary in merest in New York. The trial lasted about ten days, and much of the evidence was of a most remarkable^ character. Mumler, it j would appear^ originally a jeweller s assistant, and took to photography about seven years ago in Boston. His pictures brought him at once into notoriety, though it is only now that proceedings have been taken against him, at the instance of the Mayor of New York. The particular charge on which the spirit photography was more i immediately arrested was this. One of the officials of the corporation was ordered to investigate the business which he did by as suming a false name, and by getting his pho tograph taken by Mumler. When the sitting was over the negative was shown to ihe.visi tor. A dim, indistinct outline of a ghostly face stared out of one corner of the plate. He was told that represented the spirit of his father-in-law. He, however, failed to recog nise the worthy oltl gentleman, and emphati cally declared that the picture represented neither his father-in-law nor any of his rela tions, nor yet any person whom he had seen or known. Among the witnesses examined for the prosecution were several practical photographers, who stated that pictures simi lar to those produced by Mumler might be I obtained through other agencies than disem i bodied spirits. - The Counsel for the defence ! also brought forward a large number of ' witnesses, all of whom testified to the genuine riess of the spiripnal photography taken for them by Mumler. They swore that they recognised the forms of departed friends some of whom had been a ^lotig time dead on the same card with their own likenesses. One gentleman even declared that not only himself but bis friends distinctly recognised the features of his deceased wife in a photo graph taken for him in this way. We find a judge bearing testimony still more astounding. Judge Edmonds, who is known to be one of the most prominent advocates of spiritualism in the States, had two photographs taken by Mumler. The spirit form in the one he thought he could recognise, he said, though not the one io theother. This judge declared his belief that the camera cau take a photo graph of a spirit. "And I believe also,'' he went on to say, " that spirits have materiality not that gross materiality that mortals possess, but still they are material enough to be visi ble *to the human eye." For Judge Edmonds has seen them. " Only a few days since I was in a court at Brooklyn, when a suit against a life assurance company for the amount claimed to be due on a certain policy was being heard. Looking towards that part of the court-room occupied by the jury, I saw the spirit of a man whose death was the basis of the suit. The spirit told me the circum stances connected with the death, said that the suit was groundless, that the claimant was not entitled to recover from the company, and further that he, the man whose spirit was speaking, had committed suicide under certain circumstances. I drew a diagram of the place at which his death occurred, and on showing it to. the counsel, was -told it was ex act in every particular." - Parenthetically, we I may observe, that for our part we should pre fer a judge without the very remarkable-and peculiar power possessed by Judge Edmonds. The facts and arguments of corporeal beings are, as a rule more conclusive evidence in a court of justice, we should say, than the mani - testations of spirits so-called. _ Well,, the real point at issue is whether spirits can have their photographs taken or not. Another witness examined in the case was Mr Is. T. Barnum, the notorious showman and prince of humbugs, who had bought a number of Mumler's portraits and hung them on the walls of his museum as examples of humbug: Being anxious, he said, to find out bow the thing was done, Barnum called on another photographer, and asked him if he could take a spirit photograph, telling him he did not want any humbug about it. The artist said he could do it. The showman was permitted to examine the glass, witnessed the process of pouring over the liquids, and then saw the glass placed in the camera. He could discover nothing unusual; but when the plate was1 produced it bad Barnum's likeness and the shadow of Abraham Lincoln. "I was the ghost of Lincoln as soon as it was developed m the dark room. I was -unconscious - of any Spiritual presence." Still this* 'cute witness was as much in the. dark as ever as to the modus operandi. .. But at a subsequent hearing of the ease the material side of the question was presented.; The .counsel for; the pHreecution succeeded in slioWBg "Jwsf ghosts are made."- Mr Bogardus, a practical photographer, jsaid there -were many ways of producingthese so «a31ed spixitphbtographs. He could make"-a ^picture of an angelhbver tug ojex a main's head, or pat a .pair ofhorns on,his £eja^; fri^oat his knowing that any thing unusual had been done. Of coarse it was a trick, and an acute photographer might Said it oat, ant the witness . had deceived ' some good ones. He could takeanimpres sion on a sensitive plate, put the plate aside either in the bath or elsewhere, and after words bring it out and take a second picture on it. When the plate is developed both pic tures will be developed together. This method, however, sometimes does not call up the desired spirits. . . . _ , , , , The evidence was conclusive. . But besides it was proved that,.the ghosts in somepf Mutn ler's pictures,- which were exhibited, could not have been in front of the camera at-tiie. same time with the sitter; because the lights and shadows of the one were opposed, to those of the, other. In front of the Camera of course not; who eyer heard of a ghost paying a visit except in the dark ? "With referenced, to the alleged likeness-ofthe spirits to deceas^ ed friends, it was proved beyond a doubt that persoup had been deceived by their imagina tions, the same spirit having appeared on dif ferent plates, ? and been recognised as that'of different departed ones ! The dimness of the portraits aided the deception, and occasionally an extraordinary likeness to some deceased person happened to exisj^, or to be imagine^. Then this Mumler, from his long experience iu the business, had become extremely expert and successful at it. We have seen several portraits taken by him. They were of the ordinary carte de visite size, and there was in addition to the likeness of the sitter, the shadowy outline of a male or female head, more 'or less indistinct, or a half-length figure of a female done in the. regular white-sheeted apparition style. The pictures were clever enough, and might readily deceive the cred ulous aud unsuspecting,-as, indeed, they have done ; but now that the trick has been detected, and fbe swindle publicly exposed, notwithstanding that no verdict against him was obtained, Mr Mumler is not likely to dis pose of any more spirits at ten dollars , per head. That be has managed to carry on so successful a trade in the disembodied for so long only shows that the gullibility of man kind is very great. 