a .d ....= ÖBBAT BHITÄIN AND TIER COLONIES. Iï wo may placo faith in the nov? haokn statement pat by tho bard int - tho moa tho Highland Heer-that " coming ev cast their shadows before "-tlien ther reason to expoot a revolution of an asto ing charaoter throughout the whole of groat British empiio-India, perhaps, oeptod. The lovers of demonstrative eme however, the admirors of sanguinary c d'etat, o aval ry oharges, and repulses at barricades, will bo muoh disappointe they oxpoot anything of that L Tho Anglo-Saxon oharaoter in this res has been torsely but happily dcBoiibed poe« whoBo name has lately bcon muoh be tho world Seldom he varies feature, hun, or muscle, And osn be very busy without bustle. Tho revolution whioh seems to bo impend and which indeed is now in progress, is lil to bo astonishing in its results rather thar accompaniments, which are so gradually almost imperceptibly, but suroly tendinj inevitable oonolusions that tho historian of change, whon it is effected, may most a< ratoly desoribe it by means of tho olo: word in the epitaph of the arohitoot of Poul's, London : " Circumspice ! " In G Britain and Ireland tho changes taking plaoo in a peaoeful and ordi manner, In France tho transitions may more sudden when they come, but the p tiool concessions of tho Emperor and tho speech of Prinoo NAPOLEON aro paving way for them. It is with regard to British colonies, however, that wo are m immediately oonaorned ; and on this sub, we publish somo extraots whioh où to bo poruicd with a lively inter One of those is the substance of a speeoh oently doliverod at Qúébco by Sir Jo YOUNG, Governor-Genoral of the Canad Dominion. His Exeollenoy was at paine assure his hearers that tho Canadian pcoj who were despondent at the withdrawal troops, and, at other proofs of tho desire the Imperial Government to leave theos the uso of their own powors for their o benefit, had no oauso to dread opposition any, reasonable ohoica whioh they might mi for that purpose. Canada, Sir Jo YOUNO said, had its own destinies its own hands, and its statesmen r people wore recognised as oompoti to judge of those interests, and wi conree to pursue ia order1-to oonsorve the " England," oontinued the Governor-Gcner " looked to them for her guidance, ai whatovor thoir deoision might bo-to ct tinue their present oonnootion, or, in d time, and in the maturity of their growth, exchange it for Borne other form of allianoo tho good, faith and intelligence of Engla would be prepared to aooede to their wishe in ono oase to act in tho spirit of prese obligation, and in the ease of ohangp to gi effect to it, and oonsider any pl that might be proposod in a friendly ai generous spirit." Tho wildest radie or tho most enthusiastic separationi oould soarocly desire anything moro acooma dating than this. We are not awaro that has over beon equollod since tho troubla times of tho year 1848, when the late Kii LEOPOLD of Bolgium informed his subjeo that he was ready to go at onae if tbi desired it, without putting them to tl trouble and fatiguo of an armed revolt; fl JOHN YOUNO concluded by informing h hearers of his belief that, whatever way thc might indino, England wonld givo offoot ¡ their inclinations, and he expressed a h oj that thoy might be enabled " to build up constitutional system, of whioh tho const quoncoB might be, for generations, general enjoyment of comfort, a general au tivation of reason, and a widely- diffuse feeling of equality and beooming sel respect." II the ghost of GEOBOE tl Tltird could visit tho earth and hoar royal representative-a Governor-General < ono of tho greatest of the British possessio! -thus speaking of political separation, th diffusion of " reason," and the spread c equality, and speaking moreover in the nam of tho British nation, the shado of the vonei able monaroh would retire in disgust. Ii Canada this policy is characterised as th flash of lightning whioh preoedea the thunder olap. A leading Quebec paper' thu summarises tho aaso : " A monaroh abdicates an army retires j an empire is dissolved-sud ls the situation ; and, as by tho wand of ai onohanter, tho edifico of British dominion ii North Amorioa disappears." In point o fact, however, tho oolonial polioy, thus every where indioated is only what has been urget in both Houses of the Imperial Parliament and by vory distinguished members, man] yoars ago. Tho apparont suddenness witt whieh it scorns likely to bo oarriod out arisci from tho foot that, owing to other circum- stances, thore is' a Government now in powci whose members are all in favour of it, and who are supported, ia the House of Common! by an irresistible majority. When7 in this journal, six or seven yean ego, wo took several oooastons of alluding tc the probability of, groat political ohanges ap- proaching in tho world-a probability hastenod to its climax by tho death of Lord PALMER- STON, whose V judicious" Administration had disguised so manyóla abuses in the garbo! liberalism-wo probably bad not many with us. At least wo cannot oall to mind any support being afforded to our views by tho contemporary Press of tho oolony. Now, how- ever, all that was then anticipated seems to bo ia oonrse of fulfilment. We even find English Conservativo newspapers arguing tHat'tho complete abolition of tho Houso of Lords would be a mistake on tho part of any Liberal majority, beoause it would lead to snob, an increased representation of tho aristocracy in tho Commons as would make that class tho rulors of tho oountry. Wo wore not, however, at that time, quite pro fiared for tho course whioh somo few Austra ian absentees, who wish to bo regarded as our " representatives" in London, aro taking upon themselves to pursue Aooording to the London correspondent of a Now York papor, whoso stutetnont we. give in another oolumn, these gentlomon havo actually boon deliberating whothor they ought not to plaoo us under the protectorate of] tho United Staten, or nt all evonts mc ko us in eomo way mombe'rs of the Groat B'epublio. Wo aro inolinod to believe that ther some misrepresentation or some misunderstanding boro. Those " most emi- nent representativos of tho Paolflo Colonies," BS thc correspondent pf tho New York pope onÏÏB them, aro woll aware that tboy would bi "nobodies" under an American form o Government, whereas their absorbing desiri ia to make themselves " aomobodioa " 'whioh at present thoy aro not. Thii being their object, they would, no doubt bo glad to make suoh a ohango os would vir tually givo tbo directorship of Australian affairs into their hands. To this subjeot we have oalled attention on soveral oooasions during many months past, and weare glad to peroeive that, at laBt, it is boing taken np .by others. In the Legislativo Assombly al Melbourne, on the motion of Mr. HioaiN JiOTHAM, a series of resolutions' ie to come under consideration this ovening, opening up the whole subjeot, and most empha- tically condemning all interference with the established rights of looa! eolf-government. Wo need but quoto tho first of the resolutions, to show the spirit of the wholo : " 1. That the oaro of the political rights and interosts of a froc pooplo (ian only bo safely intrustod to a body appointod by and rosponsiblo to that peoplo; and that the Legislative Assembly declines to sanotion or to rocogniso the proceedings, so far as tho same may relato to Yiotoria, of the oonforenco proposed to be held in London at the instanoe of a self-oonstituted and irrespon- sible body of absonteo colonists." Othor reso- lutions follow, d col arin g the oolonists of Yio- toria to be ready to defend their own shores from foreign invasion, doprooating un- due interference on the part of tho Imperial authorities or Parliament in looal affairs; maintaining the right of independent aotion on tho part of tho local Exeoutive, Governor inoluded, in all matters not of Imperial concernment, and pledging support to Ministers in the colony wno will maintain this polioy. Wo do not think that it would be an nnwieo stop if our own Parliament followed tho examplo of Yiotoria in this respoot. At all events, it is quito evident that some persons who have no right what- ever to suoh a position aro endeavouring to take advantogo of tho impending changes to step to tho front ; and we aro muob mistaken if the publio do not rooogniso one or two notablo instances of suoh ambition in this colony aa wei! as in London. 