THE HON. JOHN ROBERTSON AND MR W R. CAMPBELL FOR "WEBT SYDNEY. ' A mooting of tho friends und supporters of ti« Hon. John Eeaertaon and Mr. W. II. Campbell M candidates for tho representation of Weat hjdnev wu held last night (at Mr. Saundore's Quarryman's Arm« Pyrmont. The candidates addressed about 2000 parsons from tho balcony of the hotel. Hr. TaAoar was voted to tho ohair, and after be. speaking for the otmdldates a fair and impartial he» lng called upon; T* ' The Hon. Joni» EOBEBTSOK, who, on ooming forward to address tho meeting, waa received with loud cheers. Ho «aid, as they were already awaro, he was a' . candidate for their enfftaKos. Ho appeared boforo them because he thought it was his duty to stem the torrent of public fooling, which it eoemod to him wae taking a wreng direotioo. And < whatevor may have been his faults, he had never shrunk from taking the battle ground, ead goble into tho ring when neoessity required. (Ohoere \ . Thus he woe before them. They wore protty we'll aware that he might have stepped into a seat, in the Assembly without ruffling a hair¡ but ho proforredto tako upon himself tho responsibili ty of ooming before the publio in this time of great exoitement to most those men who had endeavoured to set olass against class creed against creed, and nationality against nationality' (Cheers.) Ho remembered the time when ho' Blood by himself with tho sxoeption of Mr. Deniehy, who alone supported him. He pro! posed the land laws, and in that he was in a minoiity- indeed he was almost alone. He, how- ever, batted on until at last, by perseverance and hard fighting, he turned the minority into a large m.jpiitv. Ho swept 8ir James Martin from csnstituenoy to con stitnoncy until at last he was ewept from Parliament altogether. (Oheors.) And the timo would eeon oome when ho would again command the tame majority. A great deal had been said during this eleodoa about the Irish. Kow he (Mr. Bobertaon) owed them aething- ho meant the Irish Catholics. Ho had never done anything to court their BUpport . asithor did bo owo anything to Orangemen. Bot botwoen the Orange and the Oreen h«;would try to do justice. Ho would give thom nothiog but fair play. In this eloction, however, he had net had fair play. The Herald newspaper had reported his epoeehes In an extraordinarily accurate manner, but they had failed1 to report the remarks concerning him of that most distinguished man, tbe most prominent of all men ia* this city, whieh were to the effect that he hosed all hi« countrymen would support him (Mr. Robertson), He referred to the Bev. Dr. Iiang. The lost words ot his political life, in bidding the eleotors farewell, had not been reportad. Ho did not suppose that this wu intended. He had known Dr, Lang eince ho (Mr. Bobertaon) was four years of age, and there had never been a time when his voice had not boon raised in his defence.'And what did Dr. Lang gay.of him now T He woald read hie (Ur: Bobertson'e) letter to him, dated this day. It was ss follows:-" Sydney, 8th December, 1869\. My dear Sir,-I /oaroely think the reporters did me justice in their account of my appeal to the numer- ous Scotoh meohanics of Weet Sydney at your nomina* lion yesterday. I think my intelligent fellow-conn tr T mon, ¡¿who have always placed confidence in me in past struggles, will not bo deceived and deluded with the mero pretext that the Publie Schools Aot is in danger under the present Oovernment, or that there is the slightest reason for apprehending the advent of Romish ascendanoy during the present regime. Bot there is real danger to be apprehended from men like the present Opposition, who would tefuee us a Triennial Bill, one of the first items ia the programme of Beeponsible Government. Wiehing you all SUCCESS in your present contest, I ana, my dear Sir, yours very sincerely, Jonn DONIIOM LANO The Hon. John Bobertaon." (Liud cheers.) This was what this most distinguished man had enid. Ho (Mr. Boberteon) wai a member of tho Government who first gave the people the right of manhood suffrage, who gave them tbs privilege of vote by ballot, who gave thom the right and tho means to make homes for themselves en the publio lands of the colony, eo that they should not be any lesger tenants at will in tho old country. Theeo aro portions of the benefits which he had endeavoured to obtain fer them, and had done so suaaestfully. (Oheers.) (A voice: Tell us what you ere going to do,) He (Mr. Robert- son) would answer that question. Ho propoeed that they should have Triennial Parliaments, eo that they should com« before their conetitnenta oftener. He was as trustworthy OB any man, but he thought that it wu not right that they should bo trusted for longer than three years. Thora were one or two other ¿hinge to whioh he would like to refer. They all remembered the extraordinary pro* wedings which took place at the hustings yesterday, when ho waa called upon to address them before the old oandidates, so that he should not have an oppor- tunity cf answering their oharges. He would there- fore take that opportunity of shortly replying to some ot their remarks. First came Mr. Parkes. (" That's the Ghost ") He did not want to say ona unkind word of I him. He (Mr. Parkee) asked them whether the Government of tho colony was to bs carried on by mea of intelligence, honesty, and ability, or the reverie. Kow, above all men, ho (Mr. Parkos) ought to have bena the last to talk about honesty. Mr. Parkes ' and his. Government hal been ia office thirteen months, and he asked what had they done ? They had reversed the current of profligáis expenditure wbioh was going on while tke lut Government was in office, and in suoh a manner as wu not equalled in the history of thooolony. (Ohoers.) They also out down the expendituro, and thus effioted a saving of £10.000 during tho current year. They also made provisions by whioh tho lnoome for the ensuing year would be largely inoreseedj but theie provisions wero obstructed by tne Opposition. But the Opposi- tion would never como to a vote on tho question. They kept sparring round the ring-(laughter)-and would not como into dose quartere. They never dated to divido tho House on any of the measures before them. Then the Government would have (nought in a Trien- nial Parliament Bill, they would have abolisned the ad valorem duties, and would have introduced a Gold, fields Bill ; but they were not allowed to do so by tho Opposition. (A voico: They were right.) So they were ; beoauso they knew that had they allowed the questions to have como to a division the; would have been beaten. He had now doce with Mr. Parkes, and ho thought he had let him off very easy. (Laughter aid cheers.) But what did Mr. Windeyer say-that groat light of the people t (A man in th* orowd hero interrupted, offering to bet with any man thot Mr. Windeyor would get in.) He (Mr. Robertson) would tako up' tho bet when he had time. (Laughter) Mr. windeyer said the question ot issue beforo the country was the Educa- tion Bill. But how, ho (Mr. BoberUoai asked, could thiB bo tho issue, when every one agreed with the Public aohools Bill ? They mignt u« well say that the issue was whether they should shut up. Sydney harbour or not. Mr. Windeyor alto said, another question wae whether they should have a power within the State above the Government." They all knew what , Mr. Windeyer meant, They also all knew what he Mr. Bobertaon had always been opposed to all religious influences. Ho had always been oppose« to State-aid to religion, although at that lime tho Roman Uathollo Church was in favour of it ¡ Who waa it that ratarnod Mr. Windetor in opposition to him (Mr. Jtobittsin) when contesting thai very soat ? Did not Mr. Windoyer go in on tho shouldeis ot the Boman Oatbolics who ousted him (Mr. Robor.eon) fi om tho hustings, «nd the lou6t Mr, Windoyer might have dono wae to speak woll of the pooplo who did so muoh for him. "ho,, again, could oharge him wittt pandering, to tho Boman Catholics os Betsey Bagar had dono, who attended brcakfuts and doll'orcd looturea in St . Mary's,. .St. Benedict's, and such places T Ho (Mr. Robertson) did not thlak there was anything wrong in taring breakfast on a Sunday morning. Tho only thing wrong in it waB thit it was pandorlng to thees poople. It had bobn said that ho (Mr. Bobortaon) had been chairman of tho Irish National League. Woll, that was, a great prime ¡ but ho would remind them that the 'president, ef that institution of Iriahinen was John Martin, ah Orange. , man, Ho (Mr. Bobertaon) wim', merely ohairman in this colony. He continuod SB ohaiiman till be saw that the Inetilution was likely to be converted to pur. poses never contemplated by the rules, and thou, toute a common pbraso, ho hookod it (Laughter and oneers.> Mr. Windeyer had also made an accusation against his young friend, Mr.'Campbell. He onarged him with having done nothing,, But what had Mr. Windeyer. himself dene?-thia great man, loamed in the law Mr. Campbell bad' only been In Parliament oao year, »adit.-. Windoyer had been nine years amamoor or tte legislature. Daring: that timo what had Mr. ( Windeyer douo ? What aot for the good of the colony, BOTT on tho a atute-book, had bo orer boen tbe means Ot passing into Hw? Bo challenged them to show ! one; 'and yet he talks about Mr. Campbell, a young nani having done nothing. Ho mnoh for Mr. Windeyer Kext came Hr. Esgar. Ho oltims some oredit in baring brought about tbiB appeal to thi country; He told them that tho Parliament would have to come to sa end on the 24th January next, but ho (Ur. Robert, eon) contended that during that month they might lava been allewed to bring forward thoir measnres. The Triennial Parliaments Bill might have been passed, and the ad valorem duties might have bpoo abolished. Bat Mr. Eagar said that the abolition of the ad valorem duties would have been a coarse dangerous to tho publio interest. This was Mr. Eager's idea. He (Mr. Robertson) believed that with a population of 600:000 persons £3,000.000 was quite saffioiont to carry on the Government Bat Mr. Eager had not told them about the £50,000 whioh t'iey would have lost in ihs Kohn and Co. swindle. Ho had addressed J them on alt sorts of twopenny-halfpenny subjects, but I he had never touohed on this, (A voice: Hew about cab fares ?) Never mind that, that ÍB only OB a drop in comparison with the Kohn and Co. businoBB. Nevertheless, Mr. Ejgnr was not so bad as Mr. Parses. Be had abstained from saying anything about it, but Mr. Parkes had bad tho hardihood to mention the word "honesty." He (Mr. Robertson) wondered it did not choke bim. And had it not boen for him (Mr. Robertson) and bis party, the bargain with Kohn and Co, would have been carried out. Mr. Eagar could not deny it. Sir James the great Knight oould not deny it The question was, who was to have this £50,000 ? It wai a vsry nice sum not at all to be eueesed ab (Laughtor.) Divide thia between twenty and it would loavo £2500 for each. This waa a nioe thing in a Houee. (Laughter.) And after all, Mr. Eagar talked to chem about expenditure. They were uleo aocused of dismissing a number of district registrars, but if they oould make the olerks of petty sessions do. the work, why should they keep those men in the Government eaiploy when they were not wanted f (A Veice : What about the Superannuation Fund ?") He had alitady gone into a Iongthy explanation of that matter, and as be was alroaiy fully reported on that point there was no necessity to repeat it. Mr. Eagar had also said something ebnnt dismissing men 'from the OuBtom-bouso and other branches of the Civil Service, No doubt Mr Elgar wished to make capital out of this, and obtain a number of votes from the civil sírvante; bat ho (Mr. Robertson) knew tho civil Bar- rante wero all high-minded men, and would not bo bought ia this manner. With reference to tbs Immigration .Bill, Mr. Eager told them on tho hustings that Mr, Parkes had delivered a power- ful epeooh against the bill, and that 6000 oopies had been printed and circulated throughout the length and breadth -et the colony. That was very'likely, but tbe Ifact of eo many copies being printed, did not make this speech any more powerful. But this Immigration Bill, whiah ho (Mr. Robertson) introduced, did not give any faculties for the introduction to this colony of one clara more than another. It offered induce- ' Binti alike to English, arian, Scotch, and Germana to come and settle on their landa. And yet Ur. <Packea delivered a powerful epeeoh, and it waa printed and oiroulated. (A volo»: Ha dla n't pay for it: the hat "waa lent rounds No doubt. Ho (Hr. Ito ber taon j-never knew him -to pay for anything. Ho repeated that the issues boforo:thom wero whether they were to have triennial parliaments- whether they should have the power to inquire every thrio years lato the conduot of their representatives ; and whother having raised.doney to the oredit of the oolony they Were to have it wasted by keeping up constables, dis- trict rogietrare, and polioe magistrates that were ant required. No-doubt many of them had been in tho bush and they had soen that there wero a number of policemen who were not wanted. They had nothing te do but walk about looking after servant girls. Another issue was, whether they were to make the Legislative Assembly the scone of party strife. He had been told that Ur. Piddington had been over there to the iron works, and had been trying to solicit the votes of tho men there. (But he (Mr. Robertson) would remind thom, that they ware liable to pay-'dutj for the ships manufactured here, whilo those imported were exempt from duty. Mr. Piddington also was in favour of exempting printed books from duty, bat the raw material, saoh-aa the paper, «tc, was liable to duty, This sort of thing suited Mr Wu . dington's purposi). Ho wonl¿ not dotain them muoh looper. 'He hoped that if they.bsd promised throe of their votes tfcoy would give tho fourth io Mr. Camp- ton and leavo him (Mr. Robertson) oat. He would fight his way into'Parliament if he wai beaten hate; he could easily.otok another oonstituonoy; but if they had oily promised two votes then i he hoped they would live the other two to Hr.'.Oampbell and himself. ; (A. voice: *" Wo'II give youths two and the-others : none.*') Tnat would certainly' bo better still. Ho was not, however, easily to bo put down. But be hoped : they would-not disoard an old and faithful servant for a est cf'charlatans, humbugs, aad impostors. (Loud and continued oheering.) Mr.W. E. GAMPBELL then carno forward, and was yjell received. He defended-bis conduct iu the Legis- lative Assembly during the twelve months ho bad the honour of ..a seat there. Ho -had not taken part in rainy of -the discussions thore, because ha bolieved thiy were not worth discussion, seeing that -they were obstructed by the Opposition. Bi thought the return of Mr. David tiuobanan a dis- grace to tho doctors of East -Sydney, and hoped that tko electora of West Sydney would retrieve in a ffleisare the character of their follow oitisens by cleat- ing the Hoc.'John Robertson ot tho head of the poll, (bond oheers.) Mr. W -H. -MOTSE then moved, and Mr. TIERNEY lesonded c motion to tho effect that the Hon. John I Bobsrtson «nd Mr. W. R. Campbell are flt and proper persons toffepreseat the electorate of West Sydney. I The notion was carried. Three cheer« were then given for the .Quean, the ; ' candidates, and the ohairman, and the meeting ; Mounted. 