SUMMARY OF GENERAL AND LOCAL NEWS. As waB the case when we despatched our last month's summary, politics and matters connected therewith, form the principal subjects of the past. The majority of the principal incidents of im portance which have occurred, independent of the j all-engrossing topic, will bs found detailed in the following listj The magistrates at Prahran, investigated a charge against Robert M'Kay, of stabbing his wife with intent to murder her. The prosecutrix, Maria M'Kay, who appeared to be still suffering from the effects of the ill-usage 3he had received, said that she had been separated from her husband for some time past and had obtained a protection order against him, but on Sunday, the 5th inst, he came in the back way, and asked for some tea, which she refused him. lie then took up a knife to help himself, saying that as " no one would wind him he must mind himself." lie then said "I suppose you don't have those fits now ?" She replied in the negative, and then he said " Ah, rcell, you'll soon have a fit you won't get over in a hurry. You b y wretch, you will die miserable and all belonging to you." lie then began to cut at her with the carving knife, a large buckhorn one. She endeavored to protect herself and a person named Brown came to her assistance and she got away, and ran to Dr Fetherston's, where she got her wounds dressed. She admitted slie had obtained a protection order for her property ; and in reply to the bench, said she hud been married ten years, and had a family of four. The prisoner cross-examined her, endeavoring to show that some provocation had been given him, but failed to elicit anything except the protection order. The servant girl, who was present at the 'ime of the assault, corroborated Mrs M'Kay's evidence as to the preliminary conversation and the attack. - Brown proved hearing cries, and on Going in saw M'Kay using the knife on Mrs M'Kay, and got M'Kay away lrom her, when she ran out for Biirgieal assistance. Constable Cox proved the arrest of the prisoner, and asking him " A.re you the man ?" to which prisoner replied, " Yes, I am; is she dead ?" to which witness said "No," and the prisoner said he was *ery sorry she was not. Prisoner was sober. The bench committed the prisoner to take ilia trial at the next Criminal Sessions. , ^ brutal and cowardly assault was committed midnight about three weeks since in Mel bourne, when a womim p^med Ellen Earl, aged 33 nnnnr'mT/i i^bed ,n an extraordinary manner, apparently without provocation. She was stand ng near lie Ireasury building at the time men llone'Jj when a man previously unknown to her . tne up and said, " xou're a friend of mine." woman asked liim what lie wanted, where upon he made a sudden rush at her, put his hand up her clothes, and inflicted a wound with a knife or some other sharp instrument. The cowardly ruffian then made off, but the woman had seen nim plainly enough to enable her to givo the police a yery minute description of his appearance so that there is every probability of his hciri" brought to justice, When it is to be hoped the lash will be added to whatever other punishment may be awarded him. The woman was taken to the hospital, and the wound having been sewn up she was discharged, as no permanent ill-eflects wero anticipated. It was a most fortunate escape, as a slight alteration in the position of the thrust might have resulted in the infliction of a verv severe injury. ' A woman, named Elizabeth Stead, has met with her death at Collingwood under circum stances of a moat painful aud unusual charac ter. Last Saturday fortnight, her husband, who is captain of a coasting vessel, went to sea with the intention of returning home in about a fortnight, as is his custom, and left her at a hotlso in Rupert-street, hired from Mr George Sinden, a master bricklayer who owns a consider able amount of house property in the borough. Three weeks' rent remained unpaid by Stead° at the tlmo of his departure, and last Sunday morn ing between^ ten and elevon o'clock Sinden came to ask for. it. He was much intoxicated at the time, and Mrs Stead ordered him out. He then told her he would go in a minute, but wanted something to drink first, and asked Annie Kelly, a litle girl of about eleven years of age, who lived with her, to go for a bottle of porter. Mrs Stead would not allow it, but finding that sho could not get the man (who appears to have been on friendly terms with her husband) to leave, she went about her work, and he remained sitting in the front room. He sent the child out for the porter, and was proceeding to uncork the bottle, when Mrs Stead entered and told him that she would not have any drinking in the house. As he_ persisted, she seized the bottle to pre vent him from uncorking it, and then he struck her, according to the little girl's account, on the stomach, and in making an attempt to kick at her, he fell down on the floor. On gathering himself up he went away, and Mrs Stead laid an informa tion against him for an assault. He was bailed out on the charge to answer it at the East Collingwood Court on Friday ; but on Thursday Mrs Stead, who was near her confinement; died, and Sinden was arrested and placed in gaol. He appeared at the East Collingwood Police Court on Friday, and was remanded to the coroner's inquest, winch took place on Saturday morning at eleven o'clock. It may bo added that the injury to Mrs Stead was not considered to be of a very serious nature until a day or two after the affair, and the next morning she herself took steps in informing the police, and obtaining the requisite form for entering a charge of assault. On Thurs day she was seized with a premature confinement and died in the night. At the inquest subse quently held the jury returned a verdict that deceased's death was caused by exhaustion. Sinden Was released from custody. The Melbourne papers announce the death of Mr Robert Bowie, for many years surgeon superintendent of the Lunatic Asylum at Yarra Bend. The deceased gentleman was one of the oldest medical practitioners in the colony, and had continued to fulfil the active duties of his profession almost up to the hour of his death, which occurred from an attack of appolexy. Mr Bowie had attained the ripe age of 82. On Monday night, the 4th inst, at about eight o'clock, a murderous assault was com- mitted by a Chinaman on a fellow country- man, in Sandhurst. The circumstances of the assault, as they were learned by the police, are these :- Constable Clark was returning from Sandhurst to Golden Square, when he found a Chinaman lying on the pathway in High Street - nearly opposite Lily Street - bleeding profusely from wounds in his throat; the spot he was lying on was covered with the blood, which had also saturated the man's clothes. The constable pro- cured a cab, conveyed the man to the hospital, and seeing that the case was likely to prove fatal, Mr M'Lachlan, the police magistrate, was sent for and attended at the wounded man's bedside and took his depositions, with the assistance of the inter- preter. According to the evidence of the man - who is named Lum Gee Kew, a barber, residing in the Ironbark Encampment - it appeared that about eight o'clock, he was returning along High Street towards Sandhurst, when he met another Chinaman named Cheug Ah Wing, with whom - as he stated - he had had a quarrel previously. When they met they had a few angry words, when Cheug Ah Wing suddenly seized him by the tail and, pulling his head back, inflicted two desperate cuts in his throat with a razor which he had in his hand, from the effects of which he fell on the ground. From a description which the man gave of his assailant, Sergeant Drought and Detective Lomax proceeded to the Ironbark Encampment and suc- ceeded, after some difficulty, in arresting the man in a Chinese lottery shop. He was at once taken to the hospital, where he was immediately identi- fied and sworn to by Lum Gee Kew as the man who had assaulted him. Dr Macgillivray, the resident surgeon of the hospital, ascertained that the windpipe and some small arteries were complete- ly severed by the weapon of the prisoner, and, in his opinion, it was impossible for the man to recover. The prisoner, who did not appear to be greatly con- cerned at his position, was conveyed to the lock-up. The Chinaman died in the hospital from the effects of the injuries he received. A coroner's inquiry is still pending. The Sandhurst district coroner held an inquest upon the body of an infant named William Manning. The evidence went to show that the child came by its death through being overlain by the mother. The parents retired to rest on Sunday night last at an early hour and on awaking in the morning the child was found to be dead. Dr H. Boyd deposed that death was caused by asphyxia, consequent in his opinion, through being overlain by the arm of the mother. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony, attaching no blame to the mother. We had been so long without rain that serious fears of a drought were experienced, but it came at last, and the farmers and miners have reaped much benefit from it. The wind during Monday night, the 4th instant, was from the north and north-east, and the sky became gradually overcast. A slight shower fell on Tuesday night, but it was not until Wednesday morning that the rain really began. The rain came from the north, unaccompanied with heavy squalls of wind. About nine o'clock the rnin began in Sandhurst, but up till one p.m. there were only a couple of showers. At that hour the heavy downpour began, and lasted for about half an hour. Before long the street channels were overflowing, and the lower portions of the streets flooded. A heavy fall of hnil took place amidst the rain, and assisted the flood materially. The hailstones were large and of unusual shape, many of them being like star fishes with some of the rays broken off, and some were an inch across and half an inch thick. The fall appeared to bo wide enough to cover the goldlield, -every dam is full, so that there will be a good supply of water to carry the niint-is well into the Hummer. At the Uig Hill, the rain, it| seems, was not so heavy as in Sandhurst, but nevertheless we are informed that a three months' supply of water has been added to the six months' stock in the Big Hill Reservoir. Tho dam in tho Cricket Ground, Hack Creole, and also Mr Latisell s dam and Mr Stcane's above it, broke away and the Cricket Ground sustained some dam nge. In the Back Creek district the creek rose im mediately after the first heavy downfall till the water was very nearly level with tho woodwork in the bottoms of the various bridges. Soon alter a large portion of the Williamson-street road became inundated, a great volume of water pouring over it ultimately carrying a portion of the road entirely away. Information of this was conveyed to the authorities, and they promptly sent out men, who placed barriers across the road, preventing all traflic upon it. A portion of tho MundJ'-atreet road was almost knee-deep in water for a short time, sand and mud being carried 011 to the pavement. In Williaiuson-street the floors ofseveral places were under water for some time. Ilign street and Bridge-street were also very much flooded, but the damage done was not of a serious nature. We understand that in the vicinity of Kangaroo Flat the storin raged with considerable fierceness, and as is usually the ease when any heavy downfall ;of rain occurs, the whole of the aide of the street on which the Glasgow Arms stands was, more or less, under water, con siderable damage being occasioned in several of the places on the low ground. The rain fall lias betitl pretty general over the colony. Between Sandhurst and Melbourne it was rain ing ; along tile line of railway it was raining, in many places very heavily; and in Rivcriria a steady rain was falling. So strong was the rush of water in the Bendigo Creek during the heaviest portion of the storms that the water reached up quite close to the timber of the roof that covers the channel under Charing Cross. A little more rain would have caused the creek to flow right over Charing Cross, and the damage done would be incal culable. Is such a probability in a district like this, where such sudden storms occur generally every summer, so very unlikely ? Tho follow ing is tho official return from the survey officer:- Hail storm, MO p.m, thunder and and lightning; ,'one inch of rain fell in fifteen minutes. Second squall, S p.m, rainfall three quarters of an inch. Sinco this violent storm, there has been a great deal of rain, so that the whole prospects of the district and of the colony are changed j breadstuff's, which went up to a great price, have lowered, and this summer promises to be a good one in every respect. The Spring Show of our local Agricultural Society was held on the 7th instant, and consider ing the many circumstances deterrent to success not a few of them owing to the mistakes of the Society itself-it would have been a very fair success had the weather not been so tinpropitious ; and even as it was, the show was by no means so very bad a one, and we are given to understand that financially it was much better than the com mittee thought at the opening it would be. The BIIOW of farming implements and carriages, &c;, was one of the best undoubtedly we have had on Sandhurst for some time. The weather during the day was very bad, somo tremendous showers coming on and covering the ground with sheets of water. On Thursday 30th Sept. the foundation stone of the proposed new tower to All Saints, the beginning of what is proposed to be an entirely new structure, was laid by the llight Reverend Bishop Perry. Shortly after four o'clock, the Bishop-accompanied by Archdeacon Crawford, of Castlemaine ; the Rev Mr Croxton, incumbent of the church ; and the Revs Messrs Watson, of Eagjehawk, and J. Pryce, of the White Hills ; and Sir Helm, churchwarden-began the cere mony, the Rev MrDespurd reading I. Chronicles, chap xxix, verses 1-30. The Rev Mr Croxton read the Athanasian creed, after which Archdeacon Crawford read a portion of the service and prayed. Ilis Lordship the Bishop then offered up the prayer on the consecration of a placo of worship. Mr Helm, one of the churchwardens, read the following, a copy of which, with an Argus, ADVERTISER and Independent, was placed under the stone, as is the usual custom:-"In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: This first stone of the new church in tho parish of All Saints, Sandhurst, in the diocese of Melbourne, in the colony of Vic toria, is laid by the Right Reverend Father in God, Charles, by Divine Providence, first Bishop of Melbourne : on the 30th day of September in tho year of the Incarnation of our Lord God one thousand eight hundred and sixty nine, and in the thirty third year of the consecration and the thirty second year of the reign of our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria; the Honorable Sir John Manners Sutton, Knight, Commander of the Bath, being Governor-in-Chief and Vice-Adiniral of Victoria. WM. R. CROXTON, incumbent; JOSKPII A. C. HELM, LEWIS P. MOI.INE, J AS. STIRLING, churchwardens." The stone was then lowered into its place; Mr Vahland superintending the arrangements, ably assisted by Mr P. Finn, who directed the workmen ; and tho Right Rev Dr Perry laid it in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Mis Lordship then said-I suppose I am ex pected to say a few words on this occasion, and I may say that I shall do so with pleasure, and there are many circumstances in connection with this to make me feel pleasure at doing so, as these circumstances are various. Some of you will, no doubt, remember the difficulties which surrounded the erection of the old church-I do not refer to the church we now see, but to the old original church of all, in connection with which a disappointment occurred in its faulty construction, which caused it to be pulled down. The walls were bad, and only the roof of it could ] be used, and the speedy manner in whiih the erection of the new church was taken up, showed the earnestness and liberality of the church wardens and members who took an immediate interest in the church particularly one or two whose names are fresh in my memory. No time was lost, and work was at once commenced, and the congregation were not long without a good place where to assemble to worship. As a natural necessity, a large debt was incurred, which for some time weighed as a burden on the neck of the churchwardens and those who made themselves responsible, and, no doubt, it marred the temporal and spiritual interests of the church, but it is another circumstance which gives me pleasure to find that not only has that debt been cleared off, but that now another portion of the church-the latest added, the chancel-has been found to be faulty in con struction, the churchwardens, nowise discouraged, have resolved, instead of patching up the old building, to commence a new structure, and they purpose to pull down by degrees the building, and complete the edifice of which I have laid the foundation stono to-day. Then I am again glad to find that although in this town there has been erected another church, and onother congregation formed, the which it would naturally he thought would diminish the congregation at All Saints, so tar from such being the case, this effort is now being made to provide additional accommodation in this church, and an edifice began which I trust will bo equal to this great town and important parish. I believe that more churches make more churchgoers, instead of diminishing existing con gregations. There, for instance, is my friend the Archdeacon, the accommodation in whose church is not adequate ; had he a larger church lie would, I am sure, have all the seats occupied. I believe that there is advantage in having more than one church in a town, as the brother clergymen assist each other, and a godly rivalry arises between the congregations. It is my hope that in such works as these all should not forget the irreat object of such buildings-the propogation of the Gospel, and the building up ol a spiritual church anil spiritual Umple for tho L;>td .Jesus Christ. I will now ask you for your free offerings-according to your several abilities-towards the object for which you are here, setting the example mysolf. and let it be understood at tho same time that what you now give is regarded as but the first fruits of what you will contribute to the erection of this building from year to year, ns God blesses you. _ His Lordship then proceeded to place his contribution on the stone, and his example wns pretty generally followed. Archdeacon Craw ford, of Castlemaino, made n rather humor ous speech, in which he said it had been asserted that the roof was the beat part of the Church, and if so that part always was an eyesore to him when he came up from Castle maine, and as for the building itself so uniform was it in its color that he could not help observing it was a bilious looking Church. After somo other remarks of a most acceptable character the arch deacon urged on the congregation the necessity of energetically seconding the efforts of the church wardens. After this the Bishop offered up a prayer and pronounced the blessing, and the assemblage dispersed. The architects of the tower, which forms tho first portion of the new structure, are Messrs Valiland and Getzschmann, and the estimated cost will be Ll,400. The material will be white brick, we believe. A servant girl at Watt's foundry, was very seriously burnt a few days ago. It appears that while in a back yard, a spark fell on her dress—a light summer one—which immediately took fire, burning the woman very severely about the back, stomach, and thighs. She was taken to the hospital immediately after the accident. Her case is considered hopeless. It is said that on Sunday night the unfortunate girl dreamt that she was going to be burnt and would never see her mother again. She told her mistress of this presentiment in the morning, which time has shown to be only too true. The girl is slowly recovering: Mr Warden Cogdon, acting coroner for Sandhurst, held an inquest at the resi- dence of Patrick Kennelly, Pegleg Gully, upon the body of a boy, between five and six years of age, named Edward Plunkett, who was killed by falling from off a tree on the pre- vious day. From the evidence of a little girl named Jane Kelly it appeared that deceased was playing with other children on Friday a short distance from his parents' residence. He was noticed by the little girl to climb up a tree to a great height, and then fall off. The parents were informed of the accident, and Dr Keiran was called in, but the child died the same day. Dr Keiran's evidence went to show that death was causcd by effusion of blood on the brain, probably in consequence of deceased's having fallen from off the tree as described. A verdict of accidental death was returned by the jury. A compositor named Lewis Oakey was received into the Melbourne Hospital suffering from injuries to the spine received while bathing. It appeared that he went with some other persons to bathe on the reserve ground at Emerald Hill, and after he had been into the water some time he went out, and then took a running dive into shallow water. When he rose to the surface he was senseless, and it was with difficulty that he was got out of the water. He was then immediately conveyed to the hospital, where he died. The deceased man is described as exceedingly respectable, and as having recently had some very hard luck and he had only obtained employment at Mr Williams's office in Melbourne a few days before he met with the fatal accident. The frequent recurrence of fatal mining acci- dents in this district, is again a matter that causes great concern. As many of these accidents pro ceed from the gross carelessness of the men themselves, it appears almost a matter of impossi bility to do anything to stop them, except tho enforcement of the most stringent rules and regulations by the managers of mining companies. Many of the accidents, however, which have terminated fatally in this and in other districts, have been shown to have resulted from inefficient management or defective machinery, and as in those cases the law fails to reach the offenders, it is naturally urged that the Legislature should take the subject under its consideration in order to make such a law as will remove this cause at least of the accidents in mines. We are sorry to have to record the fact that tho Fine Arts Exhibition at the Mechanics' Insti tute has not turned out such a success as we anticipated at its opening. The non success of the Exhibition has caused a serious difference to arise between the committee of the institute and their secretary. The former blame the latter for his mismanagement, and carrying out of the various details of the Exhibition, while the secre tary throws the blame on tlm unnecessary inter ference of individual mombers of committee. The result is that the secretary-otherwise a very efficient and painstaking servant of the institute, and to whom is duo in a great measure its resus citation from its previous deplorable state tendered his resignation. The applications for the vacancy were nutnerons, and the vacancy was filled by the appointment of Mr J. Phillips, for merly secretary to the Dunolly Institute. According to a letter received this mail from the Vicomte de la Chapelle, he may be expected in Melbourne in December next. He says :-"I have concluded engagements with several European celebrities to visit Australia, and among others with the illustrious tenor, Signor Tamberlik, whom I shall have the honor of introducing to the colonial public, together with several artistes from the Ituliens, and the Academy of Music, Paris. The prima donna is Madame St Urbain, from the Imperial Italian Opera, Paris, the creator of the character of Martha on the French stage. The costumes, misc en scene, and appointments will ho perfect." 