TUESDAY, JUNE 8, 1869. . THE Legislativa Assembly of Queensland passed, on the 27th May, tho second reading of the Pastoral Leases Bill. The Govern- ment andar whose auspices thia bill is brought forward, is generally regarded ss a squatters' Government ; but they do not-in faot thoy dare not-attempt to embody in legislation the demands made by the squatters. Mr. TAYLOK, in moving tho seaond reading, quoted a petition adopted at a meeting of squattera in the Mitohell distriot, which asserted that they ought to have leases for twenty-eight years, at five shillings a sqaaro mile for the first fourteen years, and at a rent to bo determined by valuation for the second fourteen yoars, in no oaso to exoeed tea shillings a sqaaro milo. They also in- sisted that tho Government should grant to the pastoral leBseo a fee simple of an equiva- lent in land, valued at half a crown an aore, for overy £25 spent in improve- ments. These extravagant domands Mr. TAYLOB used as a foil to set off the mode- ration of tho measure he introduced. Ho appealed to the membeia of tho House whether thoy thought any Government could stand for a single instant that would bring forward and attempt to pass i bill containing suoh provisions as were sat forth in that petition. It was oortainly easy to claim orodit for moderation, if it were onoo imagined that such proposals as tho above oould be entertained by any Legislature. The bill introduced by the Government proposcsi to givo to tb.3 oooupants of land in - tho unsettled districts, loases for twonty-one years, with power to the Government to rósame any portion of tho ran not oxoeeding 2560 aores,-and to resumo the remainder or any portion of it on oondition of having given six months' notico to the lessee, provided thoy lay before Parlia- ment a schedule of the lands required, and that tho reservation is not dissented from by reso- lutions passed by both Homes within sixty days. Tbc rent is to be five shillings a square nile for the first soven years, for the next seven years ton shillings, ana for tho third seven years fifteen shillings. But during the seventh year and the fourteenth, the lessee may require that tho rent for tho ensuing seven years should be determined by . appraisement. The Government is em- powered to sell to the lessso without oompe I tition, at ten shillings an acre, any portion of his ian, bomg a blook of 2560 aores, for the purpose of permanent improvements thereon. Theso are tho prinoipal provisions of the bill. Though no division was «lied for on the second reading, several squattors in tho House expressed decided opposition to somo portions of it. Tho ohief objection was to the clause empowering tho Government to resume a ran after six months' notice. Several members avowed their preference for yearly leases. Mr. HALY, member for tho squatting district of the Barnett, said that, in the year 1860, " he had expressed himself in favour of yearly leases and sale by auotion, a view that was adopted by several hon. membors, and whioh, if oarriod out now, would tend very much to allay that ill-feeling. whioh had sprung up botween tho townspeople and tae squatters. Mr. "WALSH said '1 ho bad been a squatter for nearly thirty years, and had had short as well as long loases, and had hold land under Orders in Counail : and this he could say, that ho never felt so sepure as when ho held HB land on a yearly lease. Then no one coveted it. No ono grumblod about it, or wanted to see it taken from him. He folt scoure, because he know that the land was as muon his, until actually wanted for publio purposes, as if ho had a title to it for ever. "When tho publio rcquirod land held under .lease, a squatter had no business to hold it." He therefore obj eoted to the twenty one years' lease as a fallacy. Mr. SANDEMAN, also, after expressing his disapproval of the fifty- sixth olauso, giving tho Government power to resume any portion of a (run after six months' notice, said, " rather than accede to the unconstitutional olauso he had alluded to, he would sooner take a yearly leaso." Whother, in tho event of the Government substituting a yearly lease for tho term of twenty-one year*, all theso squatting members would acquiesce with porfeot satisfaction may be with somo people a matter of doubt. It might be well to test thom. From tho silence of the town representatives, it may bo sup- posed that, unless tho squattera make a stand against its principal provisions, tho bill will bo oarriod muoh. in its prcsont shape. A acriolla disputa baa lately agitated tho milling population on tho Hooky River. Tho great want of thia gold'Hold ia a supply of water. Tho difficulties of procuring this indispensable means of carrying on the washing process havo often kept tho minors in unwil- ling inaction. Several] months ago, Messrs. Roberts, having obtained a liconBO from the Government, formed a race to bring wator to a part of these diggings. Af tor this, thrco allotments of land through which tho raoo runs, vroro purchased from tho Grown by Mr. Boonoy. Ia two of tho doods of grant there was express roser vation of the water race, but in the third, through an oversight on the part of the surveyor or conveyancer, or eome ono employed by the Government, thoro waa no suoh reservation. Still thero is reason for tho opinion that tho liconse to moko the raes conferred on Misers. Roberts a right whioh no sub- sequent salo of tho land could toko away, even though thero wore no expross reservation in the dead of grant. When, after tho long and ruin- ous drought of tho summer, rain fell at lost in abun- dance and the mino» hoped to rctriavo their losses, or at loast to extricate themselves frem ex- tremo want by tho usa of water from tho raoe, they found that this race, on whioh their hops of a water supply dependde, was bloc'.od up, To soma of them it seomod to be a ques- tion of living or starving; to all it was a question of urgent importance. Tho matter carno before a court of law in tho notion ef Rionoy v. Roberts, when a icoioion was given in favour of tho owners of the race. Bat this decision did not secure to them tho exerciso of their right to make uso of tho race for mining purposes. Tho miners, finding that obstacles wore still intorposod to hinder thom from obtaining a water supply, sent up a petition for rodross to tho Exeontive Government, Mr. Parkes, in tho first instance, and afterwards the ropreecntativo of tbo Northorn Gold-fields, Mr. Hoskins, brought the subject under tho notice of tho Government. In replying to tho petition, tho Minister for Lanae, Mr. Forstor, after assuring tho petitioners that the question of »mending tho laws and regulations re- lating to gold-fiolds was under tho consideration of the Government, said if the matter of the complaint : " On the faco of it this case appears to be one of a numerous class, in which, what- ever wrong is done, or alleged, arises from the heavy cost and imperfection of the adminis- tration of the law, not from imperfections of tho laws themselves. In this case tho right of applioants was maintained by a competent Court, but at a heavy ex- penso to applicants; and Mr. Secretary Forstor doubts whether such wrong can be dealt with by amendment of tho laws relating to gold-fioldä." This was certainly poor consolation for the minors, who find themselves bi filed in their efforts to so euro a supply of water for their operations, by what must appear to thom, after tho decision of tho Court, a violation of tho law of the land. By-the answer of the Seorctiry for Lands it seems that in their potition they asked for an amondmant in the law. Mr. Forster gives his opinion that an amendment of tho law would not mcot their caso, and the reason given is strongly in favour of that opinion, for as the minera obtained a decision in tho Supreme Court in their favour, it follows that tho law must be, so far as the caso ie concerned, all thoy desire. But if the imperfection and expenso of tho administration ronder it imposs-blo for those who have been aggrieved to obtain redress, the law might a3 well have been against them. If tho law is not carried out so as to bring justice to tho people, it would seem to be a right and proper coursa for them to appeal io the Exeoutivo Government On this impression tho miners noted; and iho-e assembled at a meoting held on the 19th May, at Mount Jones, after the reception of Mr. Forster's answer to their potition, undorlook to execute the law thomsolve», carrying a resolution ia thcEO terms: " That, as tho lion. Minister for Landsi and tho Commissioners in chargo of tho gold-fields for this distriot, have declined to support the decision given in tho Supreme C-urt in tho matter of Boonoy v. Boborts; and as tho conduct of Rooney's friends in filling the water-raco of Messrs. Roberts and Co. is, in tho opinion of this meeting, in defiance of tho law and of tho miners' rights and privileges, this meeting agrees that the wator-raco in question shall bo cloared out forth, with." Tt is needless to obierve that suoh a resolution was a very rash and improper ono Of course oil who enter tho land of another without legal nuthoiity, in order to clear eut a raoo, or enforce any other privilege, make themselves Hablo to an action for damages. Such a proceeding, instead of forwarding the courso of justice, can only tend to incur now dolays and costs. To put a stop to tho distress consequent on the closing of tho race, and to prevent any violant proceedings, the Govornmont, on Thursday last, sent orders, by telegraph, to tho Gold Commis- sioner at the Rooky River, to open the race at once and at tho same time to tell Mr. Rooney that if he could provo his titlo to any compensation the Govern- ment would hold themselves liable for it lt may be suppoEcd that the Government thus acted on the ground of the belief that the. license had conferred a right on the makers of the water race, whioh the subsequent sale of tho land did not overthrow. Even if it bo other- wise, at all events the difficulty whioh has arisen and whioh threatened disastrous consequences ia entirely due to tho neglect of an agent of the Govern- ment, They have, therefore, dono well in tho prompt and deoided aotion they have taken, which will no doubt prevont any further misohief. If it turns out that tho license did not confer an indefeasible right to the uso of the race, ;it will bo necessary to amend the law, so as to prevent tho cutting-off of water supply in similar circumstances in future. THE NEW LIFE ASSURANCE OPÏIOE.-The Life Association of Australasia has taken a loaso of tho first floor of Mr. Yickery'a new building in George-street, adjoining the London Chartered Bank, the ground floor of whioh is occupiod by the Mercantile Bank, where it is the inten tion of the directors to onter upon the transactions of general business in a fowdaye. Paraos op "WALES OPBRA HOUSE.-" Hamlet" appears to bavo taken a fast hold of the sympathy and interest of the theatre-going publio here, judging from tho largo audiences it invariably attracts, last night boing no exception to the rule. Mr. Henry Talbot's dolineatioa of tho " philosophic Dino" is upon the wbolo an exceedingly commendable and masterly one, although it perhaps differs slightly from previous representations of the character. In the scenes in which ha holds converse with his father's spirit, his representation of the undaunted mind, awe ?trioken, but not terrified at holding con- vene . with a spirit of the outer world, yet pierced with horror at tba appalling revelations made to him, was admirable. In tho closet Boone, in whioh he upbraids his mother with her inconstancy, his aoting was marked with great feeling, pathos, and earnestness. Taken as a whole, Mr. Talbot's Hamlet is a most highly finished representation, and worthy of all encomium, and it certainly seemed to be appreciated by the audience, who called him before the ourtain at the termination of each aot. Mr. J. Bartlett's Laertes was rendered with that gentleman's usual ability, boing played in a style wbioh Bhowed a thorough appreciation of tho charaoter. At the ter« mmation of tho tragedy he was called before tho ourtain. Mr. Holloway's King was a vory praiseworthy performance, and ho played it with great oaro. Mr. Hoskins rendered the Ghost according to tho concoplion of tho bard. Mr, H. Doughs BB Horatio might, perhaps, have mada moro of tho oharaotor than he did ; still his performance was a creditable one, and rendered in a careful manner. Miss Bosa Ooopor, as the Queen, sustained tho part with, her usual ability. Ophelia had a very obarming representative in Miss Hato Corcoran, and thomaanor in whioh she played the final scene in whioh tho charaoter appears mei with great approba- tion. Miss Eleanor Osrey, doubled as tho player Queen and Osrio, and rendered them both ia a meritorious manner, in tho latter being deoidedly tho daintiest of court fc-ps. To-night, with the original musio,' tho tragsdy of " Bizarro," Mr. H. Talbot representing Rolla, and Mr. J. Bartlett Pizaro. 