A GHOST STORY. There was a party gathered one Hallowe'en. They sat round the fire burning nuts and tel ling stories just as we do to-night. One among them was a lady newly betrothed, the gayeat, the proudest, the must beautiful of them nil. Her lover sat bj her side. Her wild and wilful ways had often given him a heart- ache, but he loved her dearly. Some one among the party dared her to go and cast the reel -through' a high staircase win dow that looked down ou a dark plantation; You know that the one -who tries this cbavm must stand at a window alone wiuie cue ciocks toll for midnight, and, throwing the reel, must wind the thread upon her hand, and call three times ; and at the third time, if her heart fail not, they say, her future bridegroom will answer from below. The lady tliat I tell you of sprung up, and said that she would go, for that she feared nothing in this world or the next, and though her lover prayed her to re main, she still persisted. ' And you shall see,' she said, ' whether you have a rival f She took a light in her hand, and went alone up the staircase. When she reached the case ment she stood still and waited, minute after minute, till the clock sounded the first stroke of twelve, and then she flung the reel far down into the darkness, and began to' wind the thread, j' Who is there f she cried. And all was still, for the very wind seemed to pause and listen to her call. And again she called. ' Who's there 1' And this time there came a soft and smothered sound from below, as though one fetched a heavy sigh. The lady's hand grew cold, and her breath came short ; but she had a dauntless spirit, and said, ' Tis but the night wind in the trees.' And just as the last stroke of the hour had sounded, she called aloud for the third time, ' Who is there V And iu the stillness an awful voice came up fiom the dark ness, saying, ' I am here.' The lady shrieked and fled down the stairs ; but when she en tered the room again, where her companions were sitting in the pleasant fire-light, she was pale and cold as a corpse ; and when her lover ran to meet her, she held him off and stared at him as if she scarcely knew him. After that night she was changed. A secret fire within her seemed burning her away. Her old wild temper was gone, and her proud spirit drooped day by day, and the next Hal lowe'en she lay a dying. All through the night she lay as' if asleep, but when the clock began to toll for midnight she looked up, and like one startled aud afraid, she panted, in a failing voice, ' Who is there V and as the last stroke sounded, with a shriek she fell back dead. Then they knew who the bridegroom ?was who had called her when she threw the reel. The bridegroom's name was Death. — ' Olivia's Favour,' in Saint 1'uul's, for Sep tember. Dreadful Suicide op a Gentleman* of Fortune. — A very painful sensation was pro uuceu on weunesuuy, in (juuKuquuuuu ui us becoming known that a gentleman, who was at first believed to be a clergyman, but who, it is now known, had lived upon his fortune at Clifton, hud, immediately after transacting business at the Bristol branch of the National Provincial Bank of England, blown out his brains with a pistol. The unhappy gentleman, whose name was Udule Thompson, resided at 3, Victoria-square, Clifton, at which residence he had come to reside from, some part of Yorkshire. He was about sixty years of age, and married, but if he has any children, they were not residing with him. At a little after eleven o'clock, he went into the bank, and drew two cheques for the payment of his rent, and for a small account of about £50. No thing unusual was observed in his manner, and, having placed the cheques in his pocket, he left the bank, which is reached from the main street by a long wall or corridor. lie had only just; quitted tho bank, when the sound of a gun or pistol shot was heard, and, on the clerks rushing . out to ascertain what was the matter, the unfortunate gentleman was found lying on the floor, with his head partially shattered and covered with blood, and a pistol lying by his side. Messengers were dispatched for surgical assistance, and Mr. Davies, sui'geon/arrived, but liis services were, of course, unavailing. Mr, Thompson is said to be a man of nervous temperament, and it is said that he lost some £30,000 or £40,000 by the failure of Overend, Gurney and Co., and some other houses during tho commercial crisis. He was, however, still possessed of ample means, and is understood to have a considerable balance at his bankers The Wagga Wagga Advertiser relates tho fol lowing extraordinary escape from snakebite. One day last week a little girl, daughter of Mr. Hardi man, made her appearance with something, in her hand, which 5tho mother at first took for a piece of green hide or leath. The child threw the thing down, and the mother then saw to her horror that it was a small, black snako, abeut two feet long, which immediately began to make tracks, and disappeared amongst some brush wood. ^The child had gripped the spake firmly by the neck, or it must have inevitably have bitten her. As it was, no harm was done be yond a Bevere fright to the mother, who for some time could not believe that her child was unin jured. ? ? -?'??? 