TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1869. ALTHOUGH tho attempt of Mr.NOWLAN to induce tho Parliament to logislato for tho proteotion of the vineyards of tho colony from oidium did not meet the approval of the Assembly, the reference of bis bill to a soleot committee may prove of substantial advantago to the vinegrowers, by means of tho informa- tion tho committee has coliooted on the sub jaot. The labours of tho committee aro still incompleto ; for they did not examine Mr. WYNDHAM and others who had taken a pro- minent part in opposing the bill. A con- siderable time must necessarily bo occupied, after tho reassembling of Parliament, in completing the inquiry before any measure can be passed; and aooordingto the evidence of the most strenuous supporter of tho pro- posed legislation, Sir W. MACARTHUR, tho period to whioh auch legislation must now be deferred will probably be too lato to accom- plish tho purpose in view. Both thoso who are, wisely we believe, opposed to any recourse to legislation on the subjeot, and thoso who regret that the Parliament did not oonsent to pass tho bill, may therefore now oonour ' in the only praotioal oonolusion loft to thom, that the information obtained by the soleot committee should bo circulated among thoso concerned, in order that they may take the best means to protect their own vines. Of the five witnesses examined, three-Sir W. MACARTHUR, Mr. CHARLES MOORE, and M. JULES JOUBERT-wore favourable to legis- lation on tho subjeot; two-Mr. P. F. ADAMS and Mr. P. L. CLOETB-thought it would be better to let legislation alone, at leaBt for tho present But tho most urgent reason for logislation was answered bj the facts stated. " Is it to be doubted," said Sir W. MACARTHUR, " what will be the upshot next spring, if, when it (oidium) appears through every vine distriot of tho colony, we are not provided with a law 'making imperativo tho- rational treatment of such a highly, contagious malady? It is hardly possiblo to mistako tho disease. Tho remedy is simple and inexpensive ; but tho ovil is of suoh a naturo that one refractory owner of vines in a hundred may make him- self tho means of continuing it to an extent productive of infinito lors and expense to tho remainder." But Mr. O. MOORE, though ho also thought legislation necessary, stated (tn answer to questions 7 and 19) that Mr. CAMPBELL, tho Consul at Cadiz, called his attention to his own vineyard, " as an instanao of the suoccss attending tho application of sulphur," in contrast with " other vineyards, whioh were perfcotly white with tho disease, where he could not persuado tho proprietors to apply this remedy," and also that " at St. Mary's, near Cadiz, fields which had been sulphured woro comparatively clean, whilo. on the other sida, where thav had been neglected, thoy were almost whito with tho disease" Theses facts furnish an assur- ance that those who have tho good sense to apply the remedy which has proved effootual will be ablo to proteot their own vineyards, even though their neighbours should bo BO foolish and obstinato as to refuse to apply it. Instead of waiting, therefore, for legislation, which eannot now be brought to their aid before spring has begun, it is evidently the duty and interest of thc vinogrowers at once to avail themselves of tho experience presented to thom, and apply sulphur to their own vine- yards. If, as scorns to bo expected by th oso most competent to judge, tho disease spreads speedily over tho whole colony, the contrast betweon tho vineyards which aro dressed with sulphur and thoso that are not, will furnish an irresistible lesson to thoso who aro mose slow to aoocpt tho result of other men's investigations. In order to promote tho oarly nnd general application of the remedy, wo subjoin sorno of the most important, statements oontainod in the evidence taken before the committee. And first as to tho nature and history of tho disease. Oidium, so called from the spore, or minute seeds, being shaped like an egg (oon), is a disease peculiar to tho genus vitis (vino), whioh inoludes tho native grape vine of Australia. It consists of small fungi, whioh grow rapidly over the leaves and fruit of tho vine. It was observed for the first time io 1848 by Professor BERKELEY. This was in England. A few year3 aftor it appeared in Franco ; in IS50 it reached Languedoo and Spain. In Madeira it destroyed all tho vines about the year 1854; and in 1862 it appeared at tho Gape of Good Hope. In 1845 Mr. TUOKEK discovered that sulphur was an effectual remedy for this diBeaso, and, as this was practically a moro i T portant disoovory than that of the des- tructivo fungus itself, Mr. TUCKER, and not Professor BERKELEY, has had tho honour of having this kind of oidium distinguished by his name. M. JULES JOUBERT observed the diseaso in his vines near Sydney in 1807 ; but as some experienced vino-growers suggested that tho disease ho had observed might bo tho result of want of drainago, ho took no further notioo of it, till tho report came from Queensland that oidiutn Tuckori had appeared there. Last Deosmbor the vines of Sir W. MAOARTHUR, at Camden, were attaoked. Within ' two years it has spread rapidly from Queensland southward and westward; but has not yet, that we know of, boen seen on tho other side of the Dividing Range. It is supposed that the strong north- oast winds aproad tho spors ns fur as they prevail ; and it is consequently ex- pected that tho spread of tho disease beyond tho lino nt whioh the north- east winds oea3o, will be com- paratively slow ; but all tho witnesses concurred in tho assurance that its spread over tho whole country is inevitable. Millions of spors aro floated through the air within a very small spaoo. Theso spors lighting on tho germB of loavoB or fruit, speedily develop into fungi, spread over tho Burfaoo their roots, and, like other parasites, devour and destroy tho substance on whioh they fasten. Climato has much to do with tho development of this fungus. A humid atmosphere encourages it, and dry hot winds obock its growth. Mr. ADAMS said " Tho hot winds have a very powerful offoot upon it. Tho hot wind we had, I think the day before Christmas, seemed to me to completely slay tho progress of the disease in ono garden in which I saw it." "From this remark it moy bo supposed that tho seasonable rains, whian have rejoicodthe hearts of tho owners of Hooks and herds in the interior, havo tended very muoh to fostor tho development of oidium. Sonoo interesting speculations wore entered upon by tho committee and the wit- nesses, concerning tho origin of this mischie- vous fungus. As it was unknown to soience boforo 1843, some aro of opinion that it is tho result of spontaneous generation, or of a new oreation. M. JULES JOUBERT said, "I believo that it is a now creation altogether, having its first appearance in England." Mr. 0\. MOORE, on tho other hand, said, " There may have been suoccesivo creations, but I would not go deeply into that matter. I hold ¡this to be tho true principle-that forms of disease may exist and remain for years beforo they aro developed, and may then suddonly devolop themselves to an extraordinary degree, ¿hen partially disappear, if not altogether." There seems to be no doubt that the ipors, or seeds, are oarricd about in thc air, in incalculable numbors, and whore they find place and circumstances favourable for their growth develop them- selves. Tho ohief praotical object of thoso com- ments is to call attention to tho remedy. And happily, wide as aro tho divergencies of opinion as to tho origin and nature of tho disease, there is not the slightest difference of opinion or doubt as to the remedy. It is not necessary, in this instance, to know the preciso naturo of tho disease, in order to be suoacssful in applying tho remedy. Experience is a Bare guide. And on this point oxperienco ÍB perfeotly unanimous. The romedy, aooording to Mr. C. MOORE, is " Sulphur, in any mode people liko to apply it. Tho general recommenda- tion of the authorities is sulphur in suspen- sion, but otheis say that powdered sul- phur is bettor. Sulphur and lime mixed would bo very good indeed. Tho oost of sulphur and labour would bo about £1 an aore." Mr. ADAMS also iaid, " I havo treated a few vines, and seen the operation of thc dressing on them ; tho effects of tho sulphur treatment are mar- vellous. The sulphur treatment is now generally adopted in Eutopo " Mr. CLOETE'S testimony ts to the same effect as to the use of sulphur nt tho Cape-" They use sulphur- ing solely. Sublimated sulphur is applied the moment the disease makes its appear- ance." This gentleman's personal know- ledge of the effioaoy of sulphur enabled him to say that it would be safo to leavo the application of the remedy to self-intorest, without legislation. Ho had never heard any complaints from vignerons that their neighbours did not pay this attention to their vines. Ho said, "1 remember asking a oousin of mine about his neighbours, and he Slid he did not know whothcr they used this remedy, but if they did not, it was to their owo loss." Ho added his own opinion as to what should bo dono in this colony: 'You know tho disease and its remo dy ; and if a man loses his vinevards. it is his own fault. If a man's neighbour does not adopt tho moans of remedy, it will not affeot him any the moro." And Sir W. MACARTHUR, being askod-" You have no doubt of the effioaoy of tho sublimed sulphur dressing ?" replied, " I have no doubt, as far as my porsonal expe- rience goes, whioh is very limited, but quito in accordance with state- ments published elsewhere." And in answer to the question, " Do you consider that that remedy has been efficacious in this colony?" ho said, " Perfectly so, as far as I have been able to observe" With this evidonoo before thom, vinoçrowora suroly ought not to hositato in applying sulphur to their Vineyards. Wo man need foar that his neighbour's neglect will rendor his own outlay fruitless;-''' 'Pho, danger is apparent : whole vineyards may bc) destroyed in a year, as was the case in Madeira and Spain, if no inc an s arc used to prevent it. Wherever sulphur is applied, the vineyard ia safe. Tho remedy and its cost mo ascer- tained. I boro is no excuse for inaction on the part of any vinogrower; there is no ground for alarm on the part of those who adonfc this si m nie rsmcdv. SoMMAitY FOB, EUBOPB.-Tho EiinrtE summary of nows for the month for transmission to Europe and tho East, by tho P. and O. Oo.'d Hoy al Hail steamship Malta, will bo issued to morrow morning (Wednesday), tho 21st instant. THE REPORTED DEATH OP EARL RUSSELL.-It now appears that our telegram of Touraday last was in error in announcing the do.ttli of " Earl" Hussoll. Tho mistako no doubt aro;o from tho death of his brothor, Lord Franois Russell, whioh occurred on tho 28th January ; but tho telegram baring named " Earl" Ruseell, and there being but one of that titlo, the con- clusion arrived at was unavoidable. SIB JAKES MASTÍN, Q 0.-Sir James Martin leavos this evening in the Hunter River boat on n visit to Maitland. THE LATE EDWAM> OWEN, ESQ,-Tho fun .ral of this much lamented gentleman took placo at Haslem'e Oreel: Cemetery, yesterday, and was attended by marly two hundred monds. The funeral sorrico was read by tho Her. W. J. K. Piddington, who also delivorcd a funeral oration, which was listened to by tho assom blago, who manifested too deepost feelings of sorrow at having lost one who had on all occasions givon his best sorvices to their interest. THEATWOAL-Miss Olovcland and Madama Durot, Mr. Stuart O'Brien and Mr. Leroy loivo Sydnoy for Auckland this morning, in tho Alica Oamoron. PHINOR OP WALES OPERA HOCSB.-Last night "Hamlet" was produced, Mr. Walter Montgomery of course GUBtaining tho part of tho philosophio Sano-, of bis porformanco, notbiog need be added to what has already beon said. With regard to tho other characters, Mr. Douglas sustained the part of Laertes with con- siderable ability and ofl'cot, Mr. Hoskins played the Ghost: and in his hands it was all that could be desired, and Mr. W. Androws enacted tho first gravo digger with his usual humour and ability. Miss Rosa Cooper represented tho Queen in a stylo whioh showed a thorough appreciation of tho part, Miss Kate Corcoran played Opholia, and did ampio justice to tbo character, toing especially good in tho final scenes in whioh sha appeared. Miss Eleanor Carey doubled as tho nôtres* Queen and Ostia, and played both in a manner highly creditable to Uer study of tho parts. Aftor tho tragedy, Mr. Barry O Keil ropeated tho songB ho sung on Satur- day night, and was most enthusiastically reoeived. Tho avening's entertainment concluded with tho witty furco of tho Area Belle, in whioh Mr. Charles Young as Pitcher of tho Polico, Mr. Androws as Tosser of tbs Grenadiers, Miss Cor oran as the Area Belle, and Müs Jones as tho Missus, provocked convulsions of laughter from tho audience REVISION COTOT,-The Revision Court for West Sydnoy sat yesterday, at tho Central Polioo Court. Moser* Murphy and Burnell, J.Ps,, attended and adjourned the Court until to-day, at 10 o'olook. 