ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, *c. "Give me leave To speak my mind."—Shakspsarb. I have before declared my dissent from the truth of the aphorism, that comparisons ate odious. So far as I can see, it would be im possible to arrive at any satisfactory conclu sion in matters of criticism, save by the process of comparison. For example, if one had never known anything better than Tup per, one might think Tupper the perfection of poetry and philosophy. In like mauner, if we had bad no belter Irish comedian in this city than Mr. Frank Drew, Mr. Frank Drew would naturally enough represent the perfection of Irish low comedy. But it hap pens, unfortunately for this, the first of Mr. Harwood's consignments, that a good many actors in the same line hare preceded Mr. Frank Drew, and that he labours, in conse quence, under the disadvantage of being compared with them. A boisterous tragedian in this city once complained that he had been criticised with malice prepense, in that something adverse had been said of him before he appeared. The charge was both foolish and untrue; but it has sometimes occurred to me to inquire if—admitting the malice prepense imputation —it is not quite as unreasonable to go into raptures of delight over a new performer the moment he appears before an audience, and before he has had time to utter a word. I will venture to say there were not ten people in the house on Saturday night last who had seen Mr. Drew before, and yet the moment be came on there was a tempest of shouting and flapping of bands. One can understand this sort of demonstration in the case of an actor of established reputation, concerning whom there could not by any possibility be a doubt of the effect he would create. But it is ludicrous to hear screams of delight at the sight of a man who may turn out to be the veriest failure. Besides, it must be embar rassing to the handclappers themselves, and so may lead to much misunderstanding. For, having onoe stamped your feet, clapped your hands, and shonted at the top of your voice, you are not likely afterwards to dis approve, or even to maintain silence, al though your private convictions assure you the demonstrations are unmerited. I am thus driven to explain the " enthusiastic reception, the roars of laughter, aud the thundeis of applause, at the cele brated Irish comedian" of the bills. And, by the way, the same bills in form me that " the free list is entirely suspended." This seems to me rather an un fortunate announcement, because it is only the truth to state that thg attendance since Mr. Drew made his appearance has been, to say the least, moderate; so that, given the crowded house and the moderate house, there is required the explanation of what makes the difference between them? Tou remember John Drew, or if you do not, you may be told what a singular power he had of moving to laughter or to tears. He possessed the true histrionic inspiration as fully as any actor I ever saw. You never wearied of him. He delighted you every moment he was on the stage. His humour was perfect To my thinking, it more nearly approached (he ideal Irish humour than any example we have had of it on the Victorian stage. It represented the perfection of what is under stood by the spon taneousness of humour. I shall never forget if J live to the " sans every thing " stage of existence, the expression of John Drew's face when he brought his hand down on his thigh, and was suddenly made aware that he had broken (he bottle of hair oil in bis pocket There was a world of the most comical perplexity in his eyes (hat con veyed a whole chapter of unspoken thoughts, and the spectator instinctively looked to see the oil trickling down his leg into his shoe. The love-scene with Oonagh was an episode so perfect that it might have been cat out and represented by itself, with (he certain effect of suggesting all the connected history. I have Been the house in tears daring his acting in that scene in "The Irish Emi grant," where he expresses his gratitude to bis benefactors; and I remember so distinctly the prolonged refrain of laughter he produced in another scene in this piece, where, after finding (he whisikey-bottie empty, he philo sophically remarked, " I won't drink." But, indeed, his simplest gesture was full of mean ing, and never for a moment conveyed the < impression (hat it had been studied as part of the "business" of (he scene. Moreover, there was this admirable quality in addition , to his many others, that be always regarded : himself as an element in the piece, notwith- , standing that the pieces were, as most' Irish pieces are, little more than frame-" work in which to exhibit the Irish! comedian's eccentricities. He did not come down to the footlights and make grimaces at . (he audience, and he did not —Speaking technologically- force bis points. When he left Victoria there was. but one opinion as to bis being destined to (aJrothe, first place in the rank of Irish comedians, arid, bnt fof hisuhtimely death, there can be no doubt that he koold have completely {ul filled this prediction.' ; : 1 Mr. Frank Drew's abilities may be sum marised inthb remark (bat- all that bis brt>tbtt writ be'.dfe not It is pOsBible (hat as fcn Irish,Oomedian he is ofitiof his specific wfcgtipg, andjhat in some other branch of an ^hrix>ine{d^Jtm^nptmacbdw-; taction,' in r£t' jwe have had not a 'few veiy' good actors" pf (bis description, and, soma vrhp could baft - besurpflssed. I'hatfe been k littfe lexed intrffng io dlfccbver why iucba Highly 'StajSd piece'mi The Irish Dm. i" sbotdd have been flayed last Saturday jds a dram* '"SapAfAnif 'is rtnpid t«i» M eFOTyfeodyknows, it Js con tpoxhibiitltoPOweES-orweak nesses—of the principal character in it, bo that it the principal character be adequate to the business of illustrating Irish eccentricity, the audience does not care very much how the other characters are disposed of. But " The Irish Dragoon" furnishes no oppor tunity of making Irish humour conspicuous, and it has neither point nor purpose in itself. It is simply a piece of intolerably wearisome horse-play. I presume that Mr. Drew, in his pardonable ignorance of tbe tastes of Mel* bourne theatre-goers, and thinking, most likely, as many newly-arrived people do, that we are yet here in a condition of what I may term unplaced civilisation, he presents U9 with such a farce as might easily enoaeh be extemporised by the most average per formers. One does not expect very much in the way of plot in a farce, so long as tire situations are laughable, and tbe language pointed. But the situations in "The Irish Dragoon" are of the kind that children might contrive in their nursery play. The title conveys no hint whatever-of the action of the piece. It might with equal propriety have been called " The Irish Cook," or "The Irish Coalscuttle," or "The Irish Fryingpan." The scene represents what may be taken for an office, the master of which has gone out, and the em ployis in which determine to amuse them selves ; and to this end they invite two young ladies to lunch, or dine, or sup—it is uncertain which—with them. The fun— if yon please to consider it fun—consists in the unexpected re torn of the master, and tbe consequent thrusting away of tire eatables behind chairs and tables, and tire hiding of the young ladies in separate rooms. There are, as is customary in such Boenes, some half dozen entrances to tire apartment, and tire characters run on and off in that prepos terous fashion which, if it occurred in real life, would suggest the necessity of medical certificates, and Yarra Bend. I do not, of necessity, object to the mere breadth of such pieces. There are many broad farces which are infinitely amusing, but they have point as well as breadth, and without point farces are always wearisome, and sometimes irri tating. One has but to go next door—to wit, to Weston's—to see how a force, broad to burlesque, may keep an audience in a sim mer of amusement during five-and- twanty minutes. It shall be objected that " The Ghost in a Pawn-shop" is only a piece of nigger absurdity, and that one laughs as a matter of course at nigger absurdities. To which objection'I reply, that*" The Ghost in a Pawnshop" is, on a limited scale, a"com plete drama. The three characters are dis-' tinctly marked, there is a perfect plot, |the situations are throuehofitwell-contrived^ nothing could exceecLthe dialogue iu genuine point You are not' vexed by purposeless bustle and a flood of unmeaning colloquial isms, and the interest never flags. Of the acting I have before spoken. Mr. Hossey's humour is perfect of its kind, and herein he fulfils all the conditions required. His power to amuse is exactly of that sort and degree that are required. He is eminent in his depart ment, and this is all that an actor should be expected to be. He professes to amuse as the low comedian of a sable troupe, and he amuses to ytrar entire satisfaction. The gen tleman next door professes to amuse as a low comedian of another kind, and he fails to amuse. Herein is the difference between superiority and inferiority, and the difference is nonetheless manifest in that Mr. Hnssey and Mr. Drew represent entirely different divisions of labour. It is nothing in disproof of Mr. Hossey's ability that, if he were to take Mr. Drew's place, he might not acquit himself any better than Mr. Drew. It is surely needless to say that the necessity for confining an actor to his specialty is one of the absolute canons of good management Let, for example, Mr. Rogers be cast for Hamlet, and his wannest admirers would regret it; but put Mr. Rogers in the part of an old gentleman—gen ial, testy, eccentric, or nervous—and everybody is delighted. The adoption of this principle of division of labour cannot be too strongly insisted on. I refer to itatthismomentontyforthesakeof showing the unreasonableness of such objections as may be taken to the assertion that Mr. Hussey stands out as a foremost humourist, and that the new Irish comedian does not stand out at alL At Weston's they do everything they do satisfactorily. They do not propose to them selves performances impossible of achieve ment, but they have obviously an exact knowledge of what it is possible for them to do, mid they arrange their programmes accordingly. Their last novelty is a pano rama entitled, "Sherman's March to the Sea," arid they accompany its exhibition by charac teristic songs and choruses ; or, as the bills have it, they sing the songs and choruses,] wtthtbe ." panorami^al ill^tr|tipns. " The ] "panoramic*! illustrations*' are pprposely' somewhat caricatured, and the drawing and j colouringarethe reverse of accordant with ! the rules of high pictorial art This renders ' thpm all the' more -amusing, and denoted a ' ""0 on the part of the conductors of the ' »rm*poe to be consistent The adver-. im?nt, iii a similar spirit of consistency, tees thep&no;^ama as; "most positively yep vyo^>i\ the yorld," thus seizing the, ' by the' horns In , a most effectual and ContraM^thW|ihis frolic arid fun, I hid ytra ri&te; th$ ringing by Mr, Ralhford of whatthe bflls/with % oOnvenierit generalisa tion, itenn .-;a"~" descriptive' fccena." ' It in reality * baJlad-hymh with harritonium ac compmriiaeut v .Wfcemode in which it is «uhg is hali dedaaiatory. and as Mr. Rata; foM, po0ses«e8 |he rare accomplishment of being £ble to'^perr his mouth and arfiri^ate you are . hot; Chjritedof 'ai$ * of." the ; enjoyment ' the ''stana? ri '■'Wpalw "of^ ^rimuriice^ing.1 \- erilntatiy ku&gestive;, ahfl/bythe aid of le imsginatibn.ypq ctuf transport your intoian old village <diurchy*rd, sriUrre a to-haired old man is adtttng on a mom-4 v.; j Jij.'iif inn# jJi i: covered tombstone, and is being interrogated by a young man desiring to know if the world Las anything in it worth living for. You forget the black faces, the gaslights, the stage finery, and the painted scene, and, if you shut your eyes, you can imagine you are listen ing to the strains of an organ, pealing softly through the open window of an old church, whose grey walls are lighted up by the setting sun. I am told—for I was not there—that on Monday evening the large room of the Me chanics' Institute was filled with a most elegant assemblage of persons, the occasion being a concert of "high-class" music. I have no doubt the elegant people present were excellent judges of the classical per formances, and that the composers of the classical works, if they had been present, would have been greatly flattered to see the elegant people there as sembled. But their satisfaction would have been something disturbed at finding that, though the elegant people gathered in such numbers, they talked so loudly and incessantly—so I am informed—that they were much more likely to be listening to their own sweet voices than to the " high class" music. , On Thursday night there was another con cert of a different character at the Princess's, —which some eccentric people will insist upon calling the Academy of Music—the special feature of which was the reappearance | in Melbourne of Mr. and Madame Simonsen. Though the audience was something limited, the welcome accorded to these admirable performers was a very waim one, but not in the least too warm to be deserved. Madame Simonsen has traveled a good deal since she was with us, and she returns with a desire to make a long stay if we also desire it For my part, I think there ought to be a very pre valent wish to this effect Madame Simonsen sings so as to delight both tutored and un tutored ears, and the graceful style of her execution, and the remarkable power she possesses of expressing the meaning of what she sings, may be both envied and emulated by many lady-vocalists in this city. Of Mr. Simonsen's violin-playing I have simply to say that I cannot see how it could be excelled. On this occasion Miss Nordt, a young lady who has but just made her deb&t; in the profession of music, appeared. She has a sweet voice and some power of ex pression, but she does not articulate the words of the songs she sings. If she can cure herself of this fault, she will add greatly to her attractiveness. Of the other performers engaged for the series of concerts it is con tpmnktpH hv Madame Simonsen to give. I will speak anon. JAQUES. 