THE METROPOLIS. Adelaide, August 5. The Parliamentary sphinx has made no sign as yet. She commenced the session with 6uch a fluke as even the Attorney-General was not quite prepared for. On Tuesday afternoon the debate on the address began with a very indifferent House, which seemed to take but an indifferent interest in the proceedings. There were many empty benches which spoke more significantly than Mr Pearce could drawl oat his opening speech. Fuller's place knew him not. Townsend had left a blank behind him; It. C. Baker was neither present nor absent, but between the two; Reynolds sat grimly facing the Speaker, but his mind was engaged furbishing up reminiscences of last year's Hansard. The attendance was chiefly compose* of the meritables whose' idea of Parliamentary duty is tff enter two minutes before the Speaker and to sit till he quits the chair. The irregulars, who furnish three fourtbs of the debating power had mostly assumed that they should not b'e wanted., It may-have been an accidental coincidence that so many of them should be absent at the same time, but it may. also have, been the result of A. little prior arrangement. The game clearly was to get rid of the address as a slippery-sub ject,which could not be laid hold off effec tually. After Pearce had stirred up the troubled waters pro forma, 3.x\A Simms had poured pale ale upon them, there^was an awkward pause. Reynolds was deep in Hansard^ the other Philistines were clustering behind the bar.. Strangways stared hard at the sullen company, and the Speaker wasfidgetting in readiness to put the question when Mr Neville Bly th j umped into the breach. Either be was not in the plot or the.awkwardness of the situation inspired him with a vein of satire.> He " believed the delay had arisen not from any desire to bring his disenssion to a close, but because hon. mem bers In their modesty were anxious to hear others before they themselves spoke.'* Mr Blyth then -set the ..modest members :an encouraging example in a vigorous speech'of half-an- honr or more. It buttered the J Governor and the Government, and most of i all, Mr Blyth's friend the Treasurer. The Viceregal speech was among the best Mr Blyth bad heardduring his ten yeara£jpeni> ence of such inflections. But he afterwards qualified that praise by indicating how low a standard of comparison he used. He had been given to understand-by: an esteemed relative mayhap-that the safest material for a Vice-, regal speech was Russian guns and royal visits. This one had a very slight adulteration of Russian guns and a fair modicum of sub stantial policy, most of frhich Mr Blyth was prepared to eapport, if he could do" so con scientiously. If the Land Bill were to come under discussion again, he would strenuously object to the Strangwasian Edicts published under it as Regulations. For the Audit Commis sion ; he was thankful, and he thought the public were, ditto, but he hinted to his fAsfli the Treasurer that ipuch more comprehensive reforms would be needed in the audit system than had been mentioned in the Vice-regal speech. . So Mr Blyth discoursed for half-an-hour to the evident comfort of the Attorney-General^ who latterly became jocular in his injffrpella? tions. When he sat down there'was another ominous pause. Reynolds had finished Hansard now, and looked straight before him -over the Speakers head. The clusters of caucus men under the gallery laid their heads closer together. The modest members seemed to grow more shy than ever, 2nd the Attorney General was - nonplussed. This time . the Speaker did not fidget in vain, in a few miuutes he got up, put the question, and House carried it for him'as submissivelj^s if it had been only a motion for printing a meteorological return. The Government and the caucus have, of course, two very different versions of this event. The Attorney-General flatters himself that he has humbugged Reynolds/ and even Fuller, with the Vice-regal speech. Had they found many points in it there would have been more than an hour and a-halfs discus? eion. He professes to be ready for them on. all the points of indictment they have been working out of doors. Dan Fisher and the Stockade Commission he has turned off by an ingenuous use of the charge now pending against the late Superintendent before the Supreme Court. The latter has come in So opportunely .that grumblers will be discover-: ing next that it was instigated by the Govern-_ roent for ulterior purposes. On the audit, question he will yield something, though it should go against the grain. He is a stickler for the absolutism of the Executive, even over the Auditor-General; but he understands legislative spasms too well to kick against themr A Select Committee on the Audit Department might throw him out of his reckoning, but it' might also be as dangerous an experiment for the Opposition. Should the Galbraitb case be made a question of policy, there wlltalso be a tu quoqueamvser faTAh&tC; The ghost of the Volunteer Force might, were it to appear as suddenly and inopportunely as Banquosdid to Macbeth " push him from his stool" for a day or two, but whoever patronises the poor ghost would have to reckon on some trouble with him aiterwards. On all points which could have been made capital of in the debate on the address the Ministry are comparatively safe. Their defensive armor would have resisted any such puny attack as could have been based on the Stockade Commission, the Audit Commis sion, 6v the Volunteers. But if you express such an opinion to any leader of Opposition the reply, will* be " Beati Martini. We know that and something more^too." The caucus policy it seems now is not to challenge the Ministerial programme, but to wait for its results. "Mr Strangways is not to be judged by the wording of hia"pledges,. but by; his fulfilment :of. them. There may be something sinister in this, and strategetical,too, if, as is whispered, Mr Strangways is not over well prepared with the measures he has .pro mised. This afternoon, the second, working day of the session, he' had almost a blank notice paper. There were only two questions upon it, and but for an irregular discussion which arose out of them there might have been next to no sitting at all. -For the first Government day (Thursday), there will be no Government business at all, and ooly.so much privatej business as may be -worked out-of a few questions by JPearce-and Cheriton. - It is quite ; conceivable"that 'Air Reynolds and the caucus will breakout into , a -flustfQp about making jup for the time which .was lost in-crisis mongering last session. They may be attacked- with a consuming zeal- to. settle the road question,or a devouring anxiety to see the Attorney-General's Insolvency Bill. They may be tabling resolutions .about the -necessity , of a comprehensive .scheme being, devised for jthe better managem ent of the financial business of the country. Ibey».may. in the interests of commerce urge the Treasurer to exp^tion in propounding his new fisc^l regulations. They may be bringing down squatting memorials in Tesponse to paragraph 18 of the Vice-regal speech/and demanding a squatting policy from' the quandum leader of the anti- squatters. There are many such corners in which eyen as wakeful a man as the Attorney-General may. be shut up by persistent trackers. In passing* the speech as they have done, and coudoning all the shortcomings of a * dull recess, the Opposition may have, only declined to waste its time in verbal criticism,. * In .that kind. of warfare they Jhad jio. chance against.tbe sharp tongue of aStrangwaysvbutthd«i|ever4febater hasotherfcvulnerablepoihts.liiBhasiiever before borne the whole burden of a Ministerial policy. He lias never been under the necessity of regularly feeding the Parliamentary hoppei and of seeing measure after measure torn to pieces in Committee. -Baiting him over an . Insolvency Bill will vbe much more exciting sport than chaffing him about a string of vague; paragraphs. 