LATEST INTELLIGENCE. SYDNEY, March 9.—The yacht clubs have arranged to sail down to the Ileads to- morrow, to await the arrival of the Galatea. Fag-an, a turnkey in Rockhampton Gaol, has been found guilty of an attempt to shoot the governor of the gaol, and sentenced to two months' imprisonment. -The mother of Mr. Dalley, the barrister, died suddenly last night. The full Court have discharged the rule nisi for a criminal libel against the Pastoral Times. Hill, the absconding sheriffs officer from Brisbane, has been captured here, and remanded to Queensland. The chief clerk of a, large company here is reported as being missing. ADELAIDE, March 9.—A fatal accident occurred on the Gawler Railway yesterday. A porter, engaged at the station, was run over by the train, and terribly lacerated. He was conveyed to the hospital in an almost insensible condition, and died shortly afterwards of tbe injuries he had sustained. SYDNEY - , March 10.—The Countess of Belmore has been dangerously ill since her accouchement, yesterday, of a still-born child. The Assembly did no business to-day, there being no quorum when the Speaker took the chair. ADELAIDE, March 10.—Mr. William Han- naford, a well-known wheat-buyer in connexion with the firm of Messrs. J. Dunn and Co., committed suicide, at Gnmereha, yesterday. SYDNEY, March 11.—Lady Belmore is better. It is rumoured that the Governor intends sending home his resignation next mail. Prince Alfred had arrived, and was warmly received. At the wool sales today full rates were obtained. MELBOURNE, March 11.—The Assembly •was greatly cxcited ou Thursday night, in reference to the chargo agaiust Mr. Jones, of recoiving £200 for assisting to pass the Quieting of Titles Bill. Mr. Butters denied ever having so employed Mr. Jones, or of giving him any money for that purpose. AVOOLWASHING.—Mr. C. C. Cox has deter mined to adopt the system of dam washinj next year with his flocks, and has called for tenders for excavating and embanking. Ho purposes working similar machinery to that used by Mr. G. H. Cox at Menah. While upon this subject we may add that the Amidale Telegraph says that " A gentleman lately from Mudgee informs us that Mr. Bayly's sheep averaged 5 lbs. this year, all round.'" Western Post. THE "WEATHER.—If intense heat is the precursor of rain, we ought to be on the eve of change, for "Wednesday last proved one of the most terribly oppressive days of the season. The thermometer, stood uniformly at 90 in the shade nearly the whole of the day, and at sunset, and for some time after, the heat was just as oppressive. The grass is fast withering up. Unless we get a very early downpour, there is no hope of any permanent supply of grass for the winter.— THE ANGLICAN BISHOP OF BATIIUKST.—The Empire says:—"We hear, on reliable authority that, the Bishop designate of Batliurst is the Rev. Mr. Maraden, a grandson of the Rev. S. Marsden, so long connected with the early history of Australia. The new Bishop is, we hear, owner of considerable property in the Molong district. NEW POST OFFICES.—New post offices have been established at Louth, between Burke and "Wilcannia; at Piney Range, between Ten-mile Creek and Urana, and at Vandanian, between Tomerong and Milton. A "WIDOW LADY, sitting by a cheerful fire in a meditative mood, shortly after her hus band's decease, sighed out: Poor fellow, how he did like a good fire! I hope he has got where | tliey keep good tires MELBOURNE.—His Honour the Chief Justice and a special jury of twelve were occupied the whole of Monday with the second trial of Goldsbrough v. M'Culloch, an action to recover possession of 141 bales of wool from a station of Desailly and Co., both parties claiming to have a lien on the property. The jury found for the defendants, but leave was reserved on law points to either party to enter a verdict. NARANDERA.—Our township, although it can boast of little commercial importance, or in the way of population, is yet commencing to make rather an imposing appearance in the article of " bricks and mortar." The walls of the school building are complete, and a very handsome cottage, erected by Mr. Savage," is now nearly finished. In addition to these, the walls of a fifth public-house are gradually rising from their foundations. What can be the cause of the mania for public-house building in the colonies? Is it that the publicans' is a paying game, or only an idle way of making a living ? Perhaps a little of both. Nevertheless, it is certain that these buildings are springing up in all quarters like mushrooms, to the injury of the public morals, and the discredit of the licensing benches. These latter might surely use some discretion in granting unnecessary licenses, and in the selection of fit persons to hold them. The weather continues dry and warm, with high easterly winds. The effects of the late showers have entirely disappeared, and the ground, in most places, is as parched and dry as ever. If it he true that snow has fallen alreadv in quantity on the mountains, the stock will, of course, shortly he on their way homeward, with the pleasing prospect of very short commons indeed before them. The river is falling again considerably. March 2, 1869.— MKLHOCRNB.—The case of Alexander v Jones, the Commissioner for Railways, ended in the jury disagreeing. Prince Alfred left Melbourne on Monday, in" the Galatea, for Sydney; immense crowds waited to give the Prince a parting cheer. We are glad to hear that Ilis Royal Highness left a very favourable impression "on the minds of the colonists in his second visit, as he_ was less feted, and was permitted to show good points to greater advantage than when be was here on liis first visit, when lie was so lionised that it is a wonder his head was not turned. The Prince bore away with him a variety of presents from loyal and wealthy colonists, and we shall have to record in our next his reception at Sydney, the scene of his former misfortune. We are glad to see that the faction fight there about the " Kiama Ghost" has terminated ere the Duke of Edinburgh sets his foot on the shore of Port Jackson, where he will be (D.V.) brought in early to-morrow. THE Intercolonial Cricket Match at Sydney has terminated in a victory for Victoria by seventy- eight runs. On Saturday the Sydney men were somewhat unfortunate. ' The bowling of Wills and Cosstick was very effective, and no large scores were made. THE GALE.—It seems that the furious gale of Wednesday, 3rd March, (lid more damage throughout the district than was generally sup- posed. From all parts we hear of damage being done to roofs. &c.;, and many stacks of hay were almost utterly destroyed. — NEW ZEALAND.—The Maories in the Taranaki district murdered nine white people. There is little doubt that the victims arc Captain and Mrs. Gascoigne and three children, Messrs. Snell, Milner, and liichards. These number but eight, and it is much feared the Rev. Mr. Whitely, of the Wesleyan Mission, is the other victim. THE erection of an iron bridge over the River Yass at Yass (New South Wales), has been commenced. MOSES ALEXANDER V. C. E. JONES.—The result of this action is the retirement of Mr. Jones from the M'Culloch Ministry, and his resignation of his seat as one of the members for Ballarat. Mr. Jones intends to offer himself for re-election, and, if returned, it is rumoured that he will again be one of the Cabinet. There will be a great struggle in this election. TIIERB was only one case tried in the New Court on Saturday, before Mr. Justice Williams —The Australian Agency Corporation v. IJicketson. The sum sued for was £57, which was disputed, and a set-off claimed of several hundred pounds. The jury gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £51 Gs 8d. Exclamation of a Father of Twins—" Oh, Gemini!" The more you contract debts, the more they expand. A GOOD SPECIMEN of Australian mutton was exhibited in Bourke-street on Wednesday. The carcase weighed 1501b, and was that of a sheep bred by Mr. \V. Hoffman, at Iissendon. DF.N'ILIOUIN Hos.riT.VL.—Remaining last week, 8; admitted, 1 ; discharged, 0; died, 0 ; remaining in hospital, 0. Western Post. Correspondent of Wa^a War/f/n Express. Kynelon Observer. 