NOTES ON THE SOUTH-EAST. BY A BAMBM5B. In one of his brilliant moments Sydney Smith asserted that every man believed himself fully competent to achieve three things, namely-manage an estate, drive tandem, and write a leading artiole. My own experience confirms daily the just ness of the sarcastic Canon's criticism; not, mind you, that I intend to apply to myself either of these attributes, for I wish it to be understood that I do not prefend to be able to do either the one or the other. It has, however, occurred to methatajshort dissertation on some of the savings and doings of the more remote inhabitants of this district might, perhaps, be read by some of your patrons. Besides, accustomed as I have been all my life to the slender hospitality of a bark hut, I have sufficient gumption to know that in a limited community such ns this, where the range of discussion is confined to a few topics, and even these trite and obvious, invention is taxed and imagina tion racked, to serve up the diurnal com monplaces' freshly and piquantly. The pensive public grumbles if there be not spice ana variety in its bi-weekly meal ; and sometimes, in its waywardness, will actually complain of the insipidity of a dish which it has not even condescended to taste. All this, however, the unlucky editor must be prepared for, and expect as a thing of course. ( There is only one point beyond which his patient endurance cannot go~a "lower deep" than the lowest, which he cannot agree to sound. And it is, when his " gentle readers" get, into a passion with him and blow him up -or worse, throw him up-because ho does not deal in dulness and platitudes. Even a Job would rebel in such a case as that. *' What do you know about it; better stick to your mutton and damper P" J I fancy I hear oi.e of. your intelligent readers say. Well,, my friend* perhaps ] you are right; there may be sound philo sophy in what you say. But let it pass. | Turn wo now to subjects more congenial. So the Government have partially acceded to the prayer of the Guichen Bay people, inasmuch as they have, in answer to a memorial forwarded by them to the Attorney-General relative to the retention in this district of a second stipendiary magistrate, been assured by that amiable functionary that it is not Ins intention to withdraw two magistrates from the dis trict. It is at present a matter of un certainty where one of the two remaining magistrates will be stationed, for of course one of them must remaiu at Mount Gaqt* bier. Indeed I very much question the economy of removing ono at all* for this simple reason-there is not far short of a dozen " limbs of the law" in the district, not counting bush lawyers; and surely a district that can support so many of these amiable gentlemen, can keep three S.M.'s going. There is a story current that a gentleman holding one of these important positions, has made an offer to the Gov* eminent to do the whole of the magisterial work of the district for a slight advance on his present salary. This, in ray opinion, is not a wise move on his part, for, rest assured, it will not escape the attention of the astute Attorney-General, j in these days of retrenchment. If an ; officur ef the Government-no matter in j what department-is prepared to do cer-1 tain worit, which he admits he can do, for & little more than his present salary, | what is to prcvont him doing the extra work without any increase dt all P The design of all government is, or i ought to be, the impartial distribution of justice, without which anarchy, in its wildest form, would prevail, to the total extinction of everything like order. I real y do hope, for the credit of the police, that the outrage said to have been perpe trated by one of the force recently in the vicinity of Hamilton, may be found to be very much exaggerated. I do not wish to make any invidious remarks upon this matter, but trust that justice will be done to the accused. At present the district of Narracoorte is almost at the mercy of every miscreant who may desire to make it the scene of his lawless career-it has one trooper and none other nearer than thirty miles to protect its peace-loving inhabitants. The sheep-farmers in the district, tenants of the Crown, are at present in much un certainty as to the intention of Govern ment regarding their leases. The uncer tainty of their present tenure operates gainst their making any permanent im provements on their > rui,s. Without entering on the question of the waste lands, and the best method of disposing of the same, expediency would point out the necessity of active legislation being taken on the subject, and that speodily. The new Act will, to a certain extent, enablo a man of limited means, and j anxious to secure a home for himself and ! family, to do so, and every encourage ment should be given to this olass of men f but at the same timo it is only fair to those who are holders of waBte lands, that the Government should tell them what they intend doing with them at the end of 1870, that being the date on which a great many of .their leases empire., V The.opinion of a majority of the elec tors In the South-East-is, from all I hear, that they have beeriv sold-irretrievably an$ hopelessly sold-by' our Junior mem ber,-Mr. Hugfles ; and even his Colleague makes flosecretof the disappointment; he hasi experienced in not meeting with that support at his hands which he had every Tension to expect. The plausible speeches of Mr. Hughes ou the hustings aid that g?ntieman good service, and not withstand ing that many of his personal friends in thot district supported liim, oven against their judgment, in the hope that his influ ence, which was said to be large, might bo of some service to tho district, they have now the mortifying conviction forced upon them that they have boen most egregiously sold; and more than that, they have beeu made tho stepping-stone to that gentleman's ambition. I question very much, if a general election were to take place to- morrow, he would stand the ghost of a chance of re-election. Electors of tho Soutli-Eastern District I You have sold yourselves. As you hayo mado your bed so must you lie cn it. M Comparisons are odious, it is true, but after ail, the avowed enemy of the district -the implacable Hon. Thos. Reynolds would have served the district bettor had he remained in office than the Hon. Henry Kent Hughes has done as yet. One case in poipt, On the Estimates prepared by Mr. Reynolds, the sum of £15,000 appeared for the use of our Looal Road Board ; on Mr.'Hughes's elevation to the Treasury benches that sum was cut down to something less than £9000, Again, Mr. Hughes opposed the grant of £100 to the Mount Gambier Agricultural Sooiety, and was the official mouthpiece of tho Government to tell us they were opposed to the grant. This may not per» haps be a fuir criterion; but this fact I am certain of-a man with a " divided duty" to perform is not a fit representative for an important district like the South East. But more anon. The electors will, in all probability before next session, have to look out for a successor to tor. Riddoch-certainly the best representative the South- East ever had-as it is tliat gentleman's intention to pay a visit to Europe at the end of tho present year, Let us hope that he may yet alter his mind. 