DISTRICT NEWS. OUR WEST MAITLAND CORRES PONDENT- It has lvun siiiil l-y suiiii! remarkable povnonago or oilier, that tho iiatinu is the happiest whose annuls are thu least eventful. Upon thu same principle thia town and. district ought to have been particularly happy for thu last two or three weeks, for nothing of tho least general im portance liaa transpired during that time. There are degrees of duhiuss, howuvur, and I really think that the present week has been even duller than the two preceding it. Nor is this quietness or (liilnu.ss. whichever wo chose to call it, confined to West Maitland, for J have seldom, if ever, sonii thu Sydney papers so utterly barren of in tuHijjencu as they have beun sincu tho arrival of thu last English mail. The advent of thu Duke of Edinburgh will probably unlived tho columns of our journals for a little. Strangers might think that \vu are a particularly livulyaud a par ticularly funny people in this colony, since wo possess three professedly comic papers. This is certainly ti remarkable, fact, and 1 was inclined to think that when the Ghost' started either Punch or Vulunial Suuicly hoth would, as n neces sary consequence, go down ; but, no, all tliree continue to be issued. How very ministerial Punch has become, and how very fond iif Mr. ltobertson ! Time was when it never tired of ?vilifying that gentleman, and we all romumbur that Mr. Iiartrn . lost his good fat Government billet for satirising him in its columns. Tcmpora tmitantwr etiwsmntumnriuiUis, which, rendered into tho voruacular, as Mr. Jedediah Oleish butham would havo said, means, the times are clunujed and ice arc cluuujed along with them. The Ghost, I sue, is started in opposition to the Uobortsnn ministry, and is tho par ticular friend of Sir (it seems that the Empire was right and tho Herald was wrong in regard to tho title) James Martin and Mr. Parkes. I may us well inform your readers, some of whom have probably seen either the Ghost or Colonial Society, that thu former, like Pnnch is published at sixponcu, whib the price of the latter is only threepence. While I am on tho subject of litera , tine, I may also state that the first number of the Aiujlo-Colunial Mayaxine has appeared from ' a London house — Messrs. Sampson, Low and Company. It has been started partly with a view to make the colonies better known in the mother country, and partly to afl'ord interesting reading to the colonists. Will it bo believed , that a serial that is principally intended for the colonies is the supporter and advocate of old Tory notions, and, as a matter of course, the opponent of Liberalism? Tho projectors of tho magazine seem to imagine that, as a few of our colonial fools who go homo arc mad after titles and loud in their denunciations of what they call thu mob, most of the members of the said mob buing quite as good if not butter than they wore themselves, that, therefore, the colo nists hold similar views, and that a Tory maga zine must bo the very thing to take here. Tho very first number of the Awjlo-Cofanial contains an articlo eulogising Mr. Disraeli and his Irish Church policy, and thu other articles are also tinged witli old foijey notions. It is, perhaps, scarcely fair to form a final j udgmeut of u maga zine from the contents of the lirat number, and the Awjlo-Ooloiual may after all turn out better than 1 anticipate. Tory magazines and news papers are, I should imagine, numerous enough for their readers, and only few of them are ex tensively read in these colonies. It is true we find Jllachoood in every well- furnished reading-room, but ' Old Ebony ' keeps hiu place from tho ability of the articles on general subjects in his pages, and not on account of his Toryism. A cei'tnin amount of respect, too, is due and is accorded to tho age' of the old gentleman. He has beun familiar to us, probably, from our childhood, and we like to keep up tho old acquaintance, although his views are antiquated and far behind the spirit of the age. For the same reason, the Qiuuieily is a favourite in our colonial reading-ruoms, and is probably more generally taken in ihau tho more liberal Edin bu-rijh or Westminster. Littlu bickerings still continue in our Town Council. There is too much party spirit thuru as-ulsuwhoro, and a motion is ofteu opposed or uupported, not ou thu ground of its merits, but bucuusu it has been brought forward by a person belonging to thia or the other party. Such con duct is exceedingly absurd, but it is' conduct, nevertheless, which seoms to bo almost invari ulily acted upon. The two candidates for the suat in the Council left vacant by the resignation of Dr. Liddell, are holding meetings throughout thu town. This is right and proper, and their doing so will afford thu ratepayers a good oppor tunity of judging between the two men. The contest is likely to be a keua one, and, so far as i have heard, the opinion is that Mr, Ijowden will be thu successful candidate. He is strongly in favour of economy, and this will go a great way with tho ratepayers at present. Tho weather — that never-failing subject of conversation — continues hot for the season of tho year, and rain ia again greatly needed ; indeed, if we do not get a good supply of rain before long, there will be littlu winter's grass, and that season will consequently be a trying one to the paatoral interest, it is fortunate that thu maize crop in this neighbourhood is so good ; it will uhuur the hearts of many of our settlers, and help them to surmount the trials to which they have for some time been subjected, laeo tho Agricultural and Horticultural Society are to hold their ploughing and mowing matches on tho 24th instant, ' in,' as tho ruthur odd ad vertisment says, 'D. S. Dickson'a, Esq., pad docks.' Can you tell mo what Esq. paddocks are ; I never heard of such before 'i Joking apart, I heartily wish the society success, and that thu turn-out at the aaid matches, and thu perform ances aa well, will do credit to thia most useful and praiseworthy institution. Although the sea sou has been, upon tho whole, a favourable one, the district around the town does not look nearly ho well as it did last year in March. Last your, the Duke of Edinburgh visited us on the Cth of March, and at that time tho grass was every where green and plentiful. At present there ia certainly no scarcity, still it is neither so plenti ful nor so green as it was at thu time referred to. Since my last, the buildings in course of con struction have continued to make good progress. Suvoral of them are nearly completed, and thu Hank of Australasia, by far the moat important of them all, will soon be ready for the roof. It will be a great ornament to the town, and will exhibit some architectural features which will render it a more imposing and noteworthy struc ture than any of our banks, handsome as some of these are. 1 understand that Messrs. iieckett and Wolfe are about to erect a couple of hand somo villaa in Church-street, nearly opposite Mr. Eraser's school, which will be an ornaiiiunt to that locality. The allotments aru being fenced, but thu buildings are not yet begun. Friday morning, March 12, 1809. 