A COLUMN FOR THE NEW YEAR. The following epigrams, selected from ancient and modern authors, will not be unacceptable for New Year's Day, combining, as they do, wit, wisdom, and amusement :— TO AH IDLE SEBVANT. You feed so fast, and move so very slow: Eat with your legs, and with your grinders go. LuctLLius. BT THE SAVE : OK A MISER. A miser traversing his house, Espied (unusual there) a mouse; And thus his uninvited guest. Briskly inquisitive, addressed :— "Tell me, my dear, to what cause is it I owe this unexpected visit?" The moose her host obliquely eyed, And, smiling, pleasantly replied— " Fear not, good fellow, for your hoard, I came to lodge, and not to board." TBAKaLATED BT COWPEB. Martial was a great Latin epigrammatist :— The golden hair that Galla wears Is hers: who would have thought it? She swears 'tis hers; and true she b wears, For I know where she bought it A doctor lately was a captain made. Tis but a change of title, not of trade. Bea Jonson thus apostrophises Martial's ghost:— taxtUl: thou gav*st far nobler epigrams To thy Domitian than I to my James; tat in my royal subject I pass thee. Thou flatter'dst thine; mine cannot flat tered be. fn imitation of one of Martial's epigrams, Goldsmith in his epigrammatic poem entitled "Retaliation," thus hits off the medley of Garrick's temper :— Out Garrick's a salad, for in him wesee OH, vinegar, BUgsr, and aaltness agree. Anarniins was another Latin author who pio duced some good epigrams. Here is one: — OK A BBAUHFDL BOT. Nature doubting made her plan, Doubting whether girl or man: Doubting stifl her work I scan Almost girl and almost man. England has produced epigrammatists in almost all ages. Our author selects several ex amples:— OH DRINKING HEALTHS. " I drink to thee, Tom." " Nay, thou drink est from me, John. For when thou drinkest to me, drink thou leavest none." OK A CORPORATION ADDRESS TO QUEEN ELIZA BETH OK THE DESTRUCTION OF THE SPANISH ARMADA. As a west country Mayor, with formal ad dress. Was making his speech to the haughty Queen Bess, " The Spaniard,'' quoth he, " with inveterate spleen, Has pces?med to attach you, a poor virgin Queen, But your Majesty's courage has made it ap pear That the Don had ta'en the wrong sow by the ear." The two preceding were by J. Heywood, about 1550. Lord Harrington, in the time of James L wrote the next two :— Treason doth never prosper, what's the reason? Why, if it prosper none then call it "treason." A lord that purposed for his more avail, To fence around a common with a rail, Was reckoning with bis friends about the cost, And charge of ?very rail and every post But one, who wished his greedy humor cms t. Said, "Sir, provide your posts, and without failing. Your neighbors round about will find you railing.? Dryden's world- wide epigram on Milton is of coarse known to all our readers, bnt it may be quoted as one of the most perfect examples of this kind of writing extant — Three poets in three distant ages born Greece, Italy, and England did adorn, The fiat in loftiness of thought surpassed, The next in majesty ; in both the last. The force of Nature could no farther go, To make a third she joined the other two. The Earl of Rochester was a great wit. Amongst other epigrams attributed to him is the following, written on the bedeoom door of King Charles H.:— '• Here lies our Sovereign Lord the King, Whose word no man relies en, Who never says a foolish thing, Nor ever does a wise one." It is said Chat the King, on discovering the foregoing, wrote underneath—''The reason is obvious ; my words are my own, my actions are my ministers.' " Rochester is credited with the following, written on overhearing a dispute between Dr. fiaddiffe, a physician, and Sir Godfrey Kneller, the painter:— Sir Godfrey and Radclifie had one common way Into one common garden, and each had a key. Quoth Kneller, 'Til certainly stop up that door, If ever I find it unlooked any pore." ** Your threats," replies Radcliif c, " disturb not my ease, And—so you don't paint it—why do as you please;" "You're smart," rejoined Kneller, "but say what you will, 111 take anything from you, but potion or pSI." The subjoined is not a bad example of Rochester's epigrams: — AGAINST IKCLO3DBES. Tis bad enough in man or woman, To steal a goose from off a common; . But surely he's without excuse. Who steals the common from the goose. Pope was ? great epigrammatist; in facl some of his poetic works are chains of epigrams. He seems to have been very hard upon Colley Gibber, Poet Laureate of bis day, as witness the following:— In merry Old England, it once was a rule, For the King to employ both a poet and fool; But now we're so frugal (rd have you to know it) That a "Laureate" wBl serve both for fool and far poet. Colley Gibber retorting that every poet* was a fool, Pope thus returned to the charge— Sir, I admit your general rule, That every poet is a fool;', But you yourself may serve to show it, That every fool is not a poet The following couplet was written on a pane of glass by Pope, at the request of Earl Chester field (Lord Stanhope), who lent the poet his diamond pencil for the purpose: — Accept a miracle, instead of wit; See two doll lines by Stanhope's pencil writ ! To represent the production of "two dull lines by Stanhope's pencil" as "a miracle" was a very nappy and graceful impromptu. The epigrams by Dean Swift are both nume rous and often very excellent. The following are good:— Said Cdia to a reverend dean— " What reason can be given, Since marriage is a holy thing. That they have none in Heaven?" ** They have," says ha, "no women there;" She quick return* thejest— " Women they hare, bat Vm afraid They cannot find a priest-" Swiffs bookseller once greatly annoyed the Dean by telling him that hi* book* would not sell, and in the end the reverend wit struck the boflkyflT in the mouth, loosening some of bis teeth. Subsequently the Dean thus "apolo gised":— I must confess that I was somewhat warm, 1 I loosed bis teeth; but where's the mighty liaww f My books, he said, would ne'er afford him meat, And teeth are useless when there's nought to eat! The Dean wrote the following mock epitaph on a nwnt?r of the Kildare family : — Who killed Kildare? who dared Kildare to kill? Death killed Kildare, who date kill whom he will. Here's an epitaph on a Coroner who hanged himself :- Ha lived and died By suicide! The following is by Porson, on a Fellow of Trinity College :— Here lies a Doctor of Divinity, Who was a Fellow, too, of Trinity. He knew as much about Divinity As other Fellows do of Trinity. A good epigram, by Clarice (?), was written on seeing the words Domut Ultima (his " last house"), inscribed on the vault of the Dukes of Richmond, in Chichester Cathedral:— " Did he who ttras inscribed the wall, Not read, or not believe, St. Paul, Who Bays there is—where'er it stands— Another house * not made with hands,' Or may we gather from these words, That house is—not a House of Linda V Breadstnfis people may be warned by the next, written by Dr. Byrom :— Two millers thin. Named " Bone " and " Skin," Would starve the town or near it; But be it known 6 ToSkinaud?one That FUA and Blood won't bear it The following is anonymous :— I Thetoartof each Briton in war's dread alarms. , O'er bottle or bowl, is "Success to oar arm*? ' Attacked, put to flight, and Boon freed from ' r each trench, . "Success to our legs,"is *he toast of the French. : Dr. Doddridge, being twitted with the ex \- ceedingly jovial character of bis family motto , flhim vimmttS ; nvanua), wrote the following i fine^epigrun upon the words:— i ' Live while you live," the epicure would cay, * And seize the pleasures of the present day." " Live while you live," the sacred preacher cries; "And give to God each moment as it flies." Lord, in my view let both united be; I live in pleasure whilst I live to Thee. Some of Garrick's epigrams are very pungent. On one occasion, in company, Oliver Goldsmith asked Garrick to compose an epitaph for him, which, to Goldsmith's infinite annoyance, was thus improvised in a moment: — "Here lies Nolly Goldsmith, for shortness called Noll; He wrote like an angel, but talked like poor Poll." In Garrick's time a fashionable physician— Dr. Hill—having written various squibs which annoyed the Literary Club to which Garrick, Johnson, Burke, and others belonged, some capital epigrams were ciiculated, chiefly at the expense of medical men. One of Dr. Hill's farces was thus hit off by Garrick:— For physic and farces his equal there scarce is; His farces are physic, his physic a farce is. Some one having suggested as a punishment for Dr. Hfll that he should "Take his own physic and read his own rhymes," the idea was thus improved upon:— The wish should be in form reversed, To suit the Doctor's crimes; For if he takes his physic first Hell never read bis rhymes. About the same time the following was circu lated:— ON DOCTOR J. LETT3OM. If anybody comes to I, I physics, bleeds, and sweats 'em If after thai they like to die. Why, what care I*—l. LctWem. Peter Pindar was advised by Dr. Geach to take asses' milk, the doctor stating that it had been of great benefit to himself. The poet thus replied:— And, doctor, do you really think That asses' milk I ought to drink? TwouH quite remove my cough you say, And drive all old complaints away. It cured yourself ? Well, granted true, But, then— 'twas mother1* mill- to you ! AN APBIL FOOL. " This," Richard says, " is April day, And though so migthy wise you be, A bet—whate'er yon like. 111 lay, Ere night 111 make a fool of thee." "A fool I may be, it is true ; But Dick," says Tom, "don't be afraid. No man can make a fool of you. For you're a fool already made." The next is an old acquaintance, but we quote it because of the clever turn—not so well known—which is afterwards given to it: — os woman's will. That man's a fool who tries by art and skill To stem the torrent of a woman's will, For if she will,-she will, you may depend on't, And if she won't, she won't; and there's an end on't. Cleverly inverted, of coursejby a lady:— on man's will. That woman's wrong who tries by force or skill To stop the torrent of a man's self will; For if he says he won't — he will, depend on't, And if he Bays he will— he won't • and there's an end on't. The Royal Marriage Act of 1772 caused many a/eu <f esprit, of which this is not had :— Quoth Dick to Tom : this Act appears Absurd, a Fa alive ; To take the Crown at eighteen years The wife at twenty-five 1 The mystery who can explain ? For sure, as well 'twas said, Thus early—if they're fit to reign They must be fit to wed. Quoth Tom to Dick, thou art a fool And little knows't of life; Alas, 'tis easier far to rule A kingdom than a wife ! OK TWO CONTBACTOBS FOB BOH AND GRAIN. To rob the public two contractors come— One cheats in corn, the other chests in ram i Which is the greater rogue ? ye wits explain— A rogue in spirit or a rogue in grain f ON A GAMBLES. " To fortune I but little ovre," A losing gamester cried ; " Be thankful, then, for all must know Yon owe enough beside." Robert Burns has left a few epigrams from which we select the following:— lEI3H WIT. A Pat, an old joker, and Yankee, more sly, Once riding together a gallows passed by; £ays the Yankee to Pat, If I don't make too free, Give the gallows its due, and pray where would you be?" " Why, honey," says Pat, "' faith it's easily known, rd be riding to town by meeself, all alone." TO A DRAMATIST. Your comedy I've read, my friend, And like the half you pilfered best; But sure the drama yon might mend. Take courage man, and— steal the rest. When the Corporation of London presented the freedom of the city to Admiral Keppel in a casket of heart of oak, and to Admiral Rodney in a gold box, the following rather cutting epigram appeared:— _ Each admiral's defective part Satiric cits, yonr'e told ; The cautions Keppel wanted heart The gallant Rodney—gold. The French excel in epigrams. The great French lawyer Tiraqueau wrote a book every year, and every year his wife presented him with a baby, until—it is said —the number amounted to 30. Many jokes passed at his ex pense, of which the following is a sample :— Tiraqnellus and his wife. Vicing in a genial strife, Every year as sure as may be Give the world a book and baby; She, of course, has his assistance When she gives her babes existence, But has lie, from her instructions, Any help in kit productions ? Marshal Sase wrote the following :— OH THE SEVEN SACRAMENTS. Whatever Rome may strive to fix, The sacraments are only six. This truth will certainly appear When o'er the catalogue yon run For surely—of the seven 'tis clear "Marriage" and " penance" are but one t Rosseau thus satirised one of the French senate:— A lord of sensatorial fame Was fey his portrait known outright; For so the painter played his ga-ne It made one even yawn at sight. Tis he, the same ; there's no defect Bui want of speech, exclaimed a flat, To whom the painter—"Pray reflect, 'Tis surely not the worse for that.'" The two following were written on Prince Talleyrand :— Seven cities boasted Homer's book, 'tis true; But twenty boast of not producing you. HOCK EPITAPH OK TALLEYRAND. The French Grand Chamberlain hath cut his Stick And been appointed Premier to Old Nick. Toward the dose of the last and in the be ginning of the present century, political animo sity ran very high, and the epigrams of the period do not fail to show it. In 1782, it was proposed to levy a " burial tax,' which gave rise to the following lines : — TO GEOBOE m. Tax'd to the bone, thy living subjects see. But still supposed, when dead, from taxes free. Now, to complete, great George, thy glorious reign, Excised to death, we're then excised again. Fox and Pitt having discussed about "prin ciple," the following appeared:— TRUTH TOLD AT LAST. "A union on principle," cries Fox, "I re quire ;" '* A union on principle," says Pitt, " I ad mire." Still this onion's delayed, and on very good ground, For where, pray, is " principle" now to be found? Our principal statesmen are unprincipled jugglers; Our principal merchants unprincipled smug glers; Our principal rich are unprincipled knaves, Our principal poor are unprincipled slaves. Through Court, city, country, we vainly pursue, A phantom much talked of, but never in view. The next is on Burke, for his hostility to Warren Hastings:— Oft have we wondered that, on Irish ground, No pois'nous reptile has e'er yet been found. Revealed the secret stands of nature's work, She saved her venom to create a Burke. Sir J. Mackintosh, on obtaining a public ap pointment, was thus assailed by Chas. Larcb:— Though thon'rt like Judas, an apostate black, In the resemblance one thing thou dost lack ; When he had gotten bis ill-purchased pelf, He went away and wisely hanged himself. This thou may'st do at last, yet much I doubt If thou hast any bowels to "gush out." Daring Pitt's administration he was con stantly made the butt of epigram writers, as follows:— I HEW TAXES. Says Billy, quite vexed, " What can we lax next? I wish some good fellow would show." "Why, hark," replied one, " 'twill bring in a round earn, Tax each curse that is vented on you." FINANCIAL. Brown says that Pilt, so wise and good, Could marble make from worthless wood ; And who can doubt that saying bold Since he to paper changed our gold t Pitt was a hard drinker, and this was not overlooked by his opponents. THE NEW ECHO. Pitt:— " For England's glory, Sir, I firm will stick To which the stranger promptly answered— "Hiccup." Even the fair sex were carried away in the political furor, and now and then said very naughty things. Mrs. Montague once warmly debating politics with Fox, told him she *' did not care three skips of a louse for his political opinions." Fox thus retorted, in print :— Says Montague to me—and in her own house, " I do not care for you three skips of a louse;" I forgive it—for women, however well bred. Will still talk of that v&Uhruns; nostintkeir head. We shall conclude with a few miscellaneous 1 specimens:— THE VICAE AND CURATE. A vicar, long ill, who had treasured up wealth, Told his Curate each Sunday to pray for his health; Which oft having done, a parishioner said, That the Curate ought rather to wish he were dead. "By my troth," says the curate; " let credit be given, I ne'er prayed for his death; but I have for hit living." The following is generally ascribed to Sheri dan, but Mr. Booth seems to think that Lewis, the dramatist, has a claim to the authorship. It was written to please Lady Erskine, when her husband, on one occasion, said that a wife was like a tin canister tied to a man's tail:— " Lork Erskine, presuming at woman to rail, Calls a wife a tin canister tied to one's tail, And the fair Lady Ann, as the subject he carries on, Seems hurt at His Lordship's degrading com parison. " But wherefore degrading, considered aright ? A canister polished, is useful and bright; And, should dirt its original parity hide, That's the fault of the puppy to whom it was tied." In the next the Swiss gets the better of the Frenchman:— " To a Swiss, a gay Frenchman in company said — ' Your soldiers are forced, sir, to fight for their bread. Whilst for honor alone the French rush to the field: So your motives to ours, sir, must certainly yield. 'By no means,' cried the other; 'pray why should you boast ? Each fights for the thing he's in need of the most.' " Sydney Smith did not like Jeffrey, the Edin burgh Reviewer, and having seen him riding a donkey at the seaside, thus put him in the pillory :— Short, but not so fat as Bacchus, Witty as Horatius Flaccas, As great a Jacobin as Gracchus, See little Jeffrey on a jackass. Charles James Fox was always over head and ears in debt, and in 1806 he asked what tax could be levied that would not fall on him. Sheridan thus wrote :— I would, says Fox, a tax devise That shall not fall on me. Then tax receipts, Lord North replies, For those—you never see ! It is said that that versatile genius Professor Person wrote 101 epigrams in one night about Pitt and Dundas going drunk to the House of Commons when a message was to be delivered from the King relative to war with France, and the whole of these epigrams appeared in the Morning Chronicle, Pitt tried to speak, but couldn't, and was pulled down into his seat by bis friends. The two following are amongst the epigrams written by Porson on the occasion:— When Billy found he scarce could stand, Help, help, he cried, and stretched his hand, To faithful Henry calling. Quoth Hal—My friend, I'm sorry fort, 'Tis not my practice to support A Minister that's falliug ! "Who's op?" enquired Burke of a,friend at the door. "Oh, no one," says Paddy, " though Burkes on the floor." A young lady having asked Campbell, the poet, to write something " original," in her album, he thus complied : — " An original something, dear maid, you wish me To write ; bat how shall I begin? For Fm sure I have nothing original in me, Excepting Original Sin." It U not often that eight lines bring their author £3,000, yet this sum was bequeathed to James Smith, one of the authors of the "Rejected Addresses," for the two verses fol lowing. He was at a dinner party with Mr. Stxahan, the King's Printer, suffering from gout, though with unimpaired faculties. Smith wrote as follows: — "Your lower limbs seemed far from stout When last I saw you walk : The cause I presently found When you began to talk. " The power that props the body's length In due proportion spread, In you mounts upwards, and the strength All settles in the head." The result of this was a bequest of £3,000 to the composer of the lines. Lord Brougham wrote the following on a prosy orator. It is as good now as ever :— THE OEATOE'S EPITAPH. Here, reader, turn your weeping eyes, My fate a moral teaches; The hole in which my body lies Would not contain one-half my speeches. A lady, very fond of her husband, but who occasionally had the very unladylike fault of beating him, had her portrait taken, and the following lines will show what followed: — Come hither, Sir John, my picture is here ; What say you, my dear, does it strike you ? Why, I can't say it does just at present, my dear. But I think it will soon, its so lite you. 