NEWS BY THE LATE MAIL. ireland. A demonstration took plaea at Ltmortck, on August 1, in favour of tho rclcaso of tho Fenian prisoners. Twenty thousand persons f.am Clare, Limerick, nnd Tippcrary, including tho organised trades, assembled, nnd walked through tho city with banners nnd bands. An open-air mooting was subsequently held, which adopted a letter to Mr. Gladstone, demanding the release of tbo prisoners in the name of tho Irish people. Mr. Wnrlmrton, High Sheriffof Qnoen's County, was fired at on tho morning of July 19, while driving to Maryborough to swear in tho grand jury. Tho assassin was concealed in a wood at Killecn, behind a wall seven feet high, nnd fired in an ohfiquo direction, ten yards distance, into Mr. Wnrburton's fnco. Tho shot destroyed bis left eye, nnd wounded tho sido of his head. Fortu nately the gun was raised too high, nnd thus tho greater part of the charge riddled his hat. Two Dublin papers report an ' extraordinary scone nt Fcthard," during tho visit of tho Mar chioness of Ely nnd tho Marquis, h-r son, to thoir estates. A horso-racc and other sports had been arranged, and the people, who assomh d in mul titudes, applauded the young Marquis ; whereupon ho called for a cheer for Mr. Hare, the agn' Ac cording to tho stnry, ns told, a Roman Catholic clergyman stepped forward, and is alleged to have cried out " No, no : three groans for Hare," adding that he " deserved not cheers nor applause, but reprobation for his conduct as agent; " that " tho blond nnd the curves of the peoplo ejected from theirdwellings in Killcslclay upon his guilty soul." Tho peoplo booted, nnd "a Mr. Powell making otno observation that displeased tho crowd, ho was knocked down." Mr. Ilnre, in the confusion, rndo away. It is added that another Roman Catholic clergyman, nt a later period of tho day, endeavoured to appease the crowd, nnd protect two artillerymen from Dnnchannon Fort, hut was liimsolf knocked down several limes by tho crowd. Ono of tho soldiers was beaten so brutally that ho has sinco died Another outrago is reported from Tippernry. As Mr. Brcreton, a respectable farmer, was, with his wife, driving from Thurlcs, a man named Slattory, who lay in wait behind a ditch in a lonely part of the road, stopped his horse, nnd hurled a largo and lagged stono nt Brcreton, breaking in his skull fearfully. Mrs. Brcroton supplicated for mercy without effect. Brcroton has been unconscious since, and his life is in danger. Several pieces of bone have been removed from his skull. Tho cause of tho qunrrcl was about land, Tho oc- ensed hns not been arrested. At Carlow assizos, on July 23rd, tho case of Furlong, a National teacher, ngninst Bolnnd, a priest, for slander, was compromised, tho defendant paying £200. The plaintiff, in his action, com plained that defendant denounced him nt different niinrs, praying the curse oi tno miner, son, ana Holy Ghost might fall" upon him nnd accompany him to his death, and that tho Almighty then might withhold his mercy. A singnlnroutrago was committed on Thursday, July 22nd, on tho lands of Lisobchnno, near tho town , of Tippernry. A surveyor had been sent down from Dublin to define the boundaries of tho estates of" two brothers named Vincent, ono of whom resides in Castlcconncl nnd tho other in Dublin, lie had scarcely ontered upon tho lands nnd commenced his work, when lie was suddenly set upon by four men armed with revolvers, who scnrciied him thoroughly, took away his maps and. other papers, fired shots to intimidate him, and warned blm that if he did not leave tho land im mediately ho wnuld he shot. Tho Rev. Mr. Murtagh, parish priest of Kil- endden, county Kildarc, requested the prayers of his congregation on Sunday. August I, for Mr. Gladstone's speedy restoration to health, passing a uulogiiim on the Premier's " honesty and intrep. idity" in carrying the Irish Church Bill to a suc cessful issue. france. . A reduction of about 50,000 men baa been ma'do in tbo army, by means of furloughs in anticipation of tho rogutar time ; hut it is mora apjiarcut than real, Tho Emperor is slightly indisposed. His Ma jesty held, nevertheless, a reception on August 11, nt which a large number of aenntors were present. His Majesty has postponed bis departure for tho camp of Chaluus till August 14. spain. Tho Cortes have been prorogued until October. Nothing more has been done with reference to tho choice of a king, nnd chiefly in consequence of this delay rather a formidable Cnrlist outbreak has taken plnco. Dun Carlos, accompanied by two generals and a few followers, entered Spain by tho Pyrenees, and shortly afterwards rldngs took plnco in various parts of tho country, nnd many engage- menu have taken place. These nre generally re- ported to have ended in favour of tho Government troops. Tho rising, howover, is not yot put down, though' somo of tho lenders in it havo been taken and shot. It is said that General Prim intends to offer the crown to King Luis of Portugal. According to this project Spain and Portugal would bo united liko Austria and Hungary, under ono sovereign, the king to reside a greater pnrt of the year nt Ma drid. The Carlist leader, Kstnrtes, with 500 men, has entered Catalonia at Puicerdn. Other bnnds of Carlists nre expected to enter tho country from different points of thu frontier. america. The Secretary of tho Treasury has made his. usual monthly statement of tho public debt of tho United States,' which shows itstotnl on August 1st to havo been 2,481, 5G0/XX) dollars. This is a do- crcnso during last month of 7,430,000 dollars. Secretary Boutwcll hns ordered the Government purchases of bonds to bo effected weekly during tho month of August at tho rate or 2,000,000 dob lars, instead of 3,000,000 dollars ns .previously, tho bonds purchased to ho held subject to the action of Congress. A great fire occurred on August 4, in Philadel phia, when 40,000 barrels of whisky were burnt in tho Government Warehouse. Tho total loss amounted to 6,000,000 dollars. Seven persons were injured. The question of tho legality of tho Importation of coolies into America is being much debated, nnd a speedy nnd nuthoritivo declaration on the matter is expected. It is reported that C0,(KK) coolie labourers have been actually contracted for by planters in Mississipi, Alabama, aud Louisiana. america and spain. A 8ciznrcof Spanish gunboats nt New York was mndo on August 4th by Government orders. Tho allegation upon which tho order is founded is thnt a violation of tho neutrality laws was intended, tho boats being nrmcd to act against Peru, Eight gunboats were seized, nnd are now in custody in Now York Harbour. Seven others built at Phila. dolphin got away but were afterwards seized. Officers were sent to Mystic, Connecticut, where there were fifteen more gunboats, which were seized. It is believed in America that tho Go vernment of the United States has instructed its Minister to Spain to negociate for tho indepen- danco of Cuba, Spain being paid an indemnity in Cuban bonds, indorsed by the United States, and an nrmistico to bo at onco proclaimed, but nothing official hns yet transpired. In consequence of representations mndo by Mr. Roberts, tho Spanish Minister, tho Unitod States authorities have permitted the bnilding of tho Spanish -gunboats to bo continued, merely pro hibiting thoir departure to attack Peru. Tho dying away of the aborigines, and tho ex tirpation of the native dogs, havo caused opossums to increase to a prodigious extent in Victoria. An old horse was lately disposed of by a rafflo in a public houso at Piggorcct, Victoria. Tho landlord was summoned by tho police, but as tho summons was informal tbo enso wns dismissed. A person who was present nt tho rafflo was fined £1 nnd costs, whito tho winner of the old horso was fined £5 and costs. 