Humors of the Day. THE COLONIAL CROW. CORVUS SINISTEE. Very far North, August, 18«9. WHEREVER you go, be it high, be it low, You never can shirk the colonial crow; on ranges or forest, in valley or plain, YOU MAY try it for ever' you'll still try to vain. with his aw—aye—ah-r-oh, It s a hard thing to do a colonial crow. When lost in the bush, in a terrible plight, 'IS t*^' np r a,lnd to cua P ow «w the night. And a fire you kindle-the first thhv you see, Is vour sable-plumed friend poking fun from a tree, Crying "Oh my! ain't it m go? To camp out without grub '■" says the Condamina crow. If or sheep you are looking, lost three days or more. And sit down on a log your Ul lnck to deplore With wings half extended, and month gaping wide Your übiquitous friend you wiU find by yonr side-^ -" Oh fie ! don't fret yourself so. Though it's very hard lines," says a Kennedy crow. If with fever laid up in yonr gonyah you He, And in agony groaning, would fain wish to die; Peering in at the " open," with great caution you'll view Your impatient old friend looking hungry at yon— "Oh my! this is terribly slow; Why on earth don't you die V says a Burdeldn crow. Enraged beyond measure, your carbine you cock. Resolved he no longer your sufferings shall mock'; Rut ere you can level,iwith one final " Oh." He takes himself off just a furlong or so, Crying, " Oh, fie ! don't bust yourself so— It's a hard thing to shoot a colonial crow!" From (he north to the south can be everywhere beard The croak of this very übiquitous bird ; And even over tbe sea, in the gardens, you know, They've got your old friend, the colonial crow— With his aw—aye—ah—oh, ••Will youevergo home ?' cries a saucy young crow. Whew ia a man thimnw thin a shingle P— When he ia a-shaving. Marbiagb.—An altar on which man lays his pocket book and woman her lore letters. Ik Ohio they divorce husband and wife if either party snores so loud that the other can't sleep. "Gbktkbl girls" are true labor-saying ma chines. They save all the labor by doing nothing. " Do you play by the ear ?" inquired a pupil of a dancing-school fiddler. " No, my dear, I play by the night." Thx individual who was content that his life should be linked with crime, has found a strong* chain round his leg. The poor fellow who " couldn't hold his own/* has got himself into a worse difficulty by trying to keep another's. What is stronger in death than in life P—An old yellow-legged hen. If you don't beliere it, try to dissect one after boiling. Ths fellow who " broke loose," has gone into partnership with the one that " broke the news," and they anticipate doing a smashing bonnets. Ax infallable remedy for redundancy of style is for the diffuse author to form the habit of writing advertisements, and paying for their insertion. , " Cak you tell me,', asked a pundit, "-why a conundrum that nobody can guess is like a ghost ?"—" Shall I tell you now or next month?" —" Now, if you please."—" Well, sir, sooner or later, everybody must give it up." " Sax, did you see Mr. Jenkins, the new over* seer?"—" Yes, massa, I meet him down by the cotton gin."—" He's a good-looking fellow, isn't he ?"—" Well, massa, he talks like a good-look ing man ; he made a bow, dats all he said." Thx author of the following original conun drum is now confined in a calico straight jacket, his feet in a wood-box, and his head in a honey comb poultice: When is a lover justified in calling his sweetheart honey?— When she it bee-loved. Female Taut.—ln a meeting house in which it was customary for the men to sit on one aide of the room and the women on the other, there was so much talking one Sabbath that the minister had finally to speak of it. " I hope you'll take notice that it's not on our side of the house," responded one of the ladies. "'So much the better," replied the minister, "so much the better; for then it'll be sooner over." OnsßßUijifG Papa's Objections.—We be lieve in the Belgian women. They make not one half so mnqh fuss about their " rights " as our own female gospellers, and they are infinitely more energetic in securing them. " Deeds, not words," is their motto. . . . Here is the waym which fashionable damsels of Brussels cany their point in matters matrimonial. Mile. Orban, the daughter of a rich banker, wished to marry M. Frere, a young lawyer. Papa Orban objected. Mile. Orban and papa went to the opera together. M. Frere came to their box to make his bow. Mile. Orban jumped up, threw her arms around his neck, and then and1 there kissed him, cores* populo, before king and people and Mrs. Grundy the queen of all. So she was married promptly, and M. Frere-Orban is now a minister of State. What one of all our women's rights women has done as much for herself or for any other man! To be sure, M. Frere, like Barkis, happened to be " willin'," not only to be kissed in public, but to take the consequences in private. Perhaps this might not be the case with every man in % I similar predicament. ! A Match job ths Bostok Lawteb.—Sufus Ohoate, the great Boston lawyer, in an important assault and battery case at sea, had Dick Barton, chief mate of the clipper ship Challenge, on the stand, and badgered him so for about an hoar that Dick got his salt water up, and hauled by the wind to bring a keen Boston lawyer under his batteries. At the beginning of his testimony Dick said that the night was " dreadful dark* and raining like seven bells." Suddenly Mr. Choate asked him, "Was there a moon that nightP"—"Yes, sir."—"Ah,yes! a moon."— "Yes, a full moon."—"Did you see it?"— " Not a mite."—" Then how do you know that there was a moon P"—" The Nautical Alnmn%o said so, and I'll believe that sooner than any lawyer in this world."—" What was the principal luminary that night, sirP"—"Binnacle lamp •board the Challenge."—" Ah, you are growing sharp, Mr. Barton."—" What the biases hare you been grinding me this hour for—to make ma dull ?"—" Be ciyih sir. And now toll what latitude and longitude you crossed the Equator in?"—"Sho,—you're jokin'."—"No, sir. I am in earnest, and I desire you to answer me." —"I shan't."—"Ah, you refuse, do your— "Yes, I can't."—"lndeed! You are chief I mate of a clipper ship, and unable to answer so simple a question?'—"Yes, 'tis the silliest question I ever heard asked me. Why, I thought every fool of a lawyer knew that there, ain't no latitude at the Equator." That shot floored Rufus. Thb Man Who Had tot Olothm.—The morning of the day arrived on which the Legis lature of New Hampshire was to assemble. At an early hour an intensely countrified specimen of humanity made his way to the State House, and took a seat near the stove, in one of the smaller ante- rooms. He was a frank-freed, honest looking man, of middle age; his brawny hands and swart brpw indicating hard and sweat ing toil. His garb was a study for a naturalist. The fabric was ot home-carded and homespun wool, blue and white; the upper garment half coat and half smock frock; the waistcoat slouchy and short; while the pants, out from a scant pat tern, and after a primitive fashion, were drawn down at the bottom very tightly over the tops of a pair of enormous cowhide boots. And there sat this lusus natures toasting his ponderosity of pedal extremity, and gazing eagerly and inquisi tively upon the busy members who passed to and fro through the hall beyond. By and by half a dozen members entered the ante-room for private consultation. A system of wires was to be laid, to be pulled at the right time, and they were the politicians for the primary work. "Hallo, stranger!" cried the leader of the cabal. " Ha-al-10-o, yerself!" drawled the countryman. The gentleman pointed to the door. «Eh P"— "We want you to leave. This is no place for you."—"Waal, —where shall I go tew?"— " Where you please."—" But I ant 'quaintod 'bout here. Never was in the haonae afore."— " And you'd better never come in again," said the politician, rather consequentially. " Sho! Yeou don't say so."—" Ido say so." —" But ant members a right tow be in bere ?"—" Members ? Do you mean to say that you are a member ?"— " Sartin. I'm a member of the Oineral Court, —'lected from Deuaenberry Corner." The wire puller slowly looked the man over, from head to foot, sarcastically asking: " Are you their best man ?"—" O, no," replied Jonathan with great frankness and honesty of manner; " we've got a good many men up there a heap sight smarter'n I am, an' men 'at knows more, —but, ye see— I was the only one 'at had a whole suit, right straight through, of new clothes to wear!" 