GHOST GLEN. THE place that bears this ominous name is a heavily timbered valley about eleven miles from Kiama. A horrible murder was com- mitted there by two sawyers and it acquired the above-mentioned title from a belief existing that in stormy weather the ghosts of the murderers, the shadowy semblance of a burnt human body, and the spirit of a large sheep dog are to be seen there. Mr. H. Kendal had embodied this weird legend in one of his most striking poems. A writer in the 'Australasian' gives the following narration of the facts connected with the dark tragesy perpetrated there. A young immigrant—a new chum, in fact—stayed a night at the small settlement of Kiama on his way to Berry's station at Shoalhaven. He had some money about him of which he made a too frequent display. Most likely he was excited by drink—a supposition that is strengthened by the story that his Kiama host sold grog on the sly. A great brindled sheep dog accom- panied him. Two men—characters with the brand of the ruffian on the their faces—drank spirits at his expense; plied him with con- veration in which the word "mate" was prominent; and finally started away with him ostensibly to guide him to his destination by a short cut. The unfortunate traveller never turned up again. His companions, who were known to be sawyers of the very worst class, and whose camp was supposed to be in the neighbourhood of Kiama, suddenly disappear- ed from the district. They left no clue to point to their whereabouts, nor does it appear that they were ever traced out. But some months after their hasty departure one of Berry's assigned servants lost his way in the bush, near the present site of Gerringong, and during the time camped for two nights in an isolated glen close to a narrow sea-creek. From his statement of what he had heard and saw there originated the legend forming the subject of this sketch. The man was lost for several days. A little tobacco, a pipe, and a flint and steel were the only things he had about him. Consequently, when he was picked up—he was found on the fourth or fifth day—he was half-starved. The delirium of hunger may have been the cause of the apparition by which he swore he was visited on the second and third nights of his stay in the bush. The startling fact, however, that the burnt bones of a human being were subsequently found in the glen described by him gave weight to his story, and elevated the whole thing into a popular tradition. What he saw, or rather what he professed to have seen, may be described in a very few sentences. The first night of the vision set in rainy. A cold sea-wind was blowing, and the wanderer had to make a wurley to insure some protection from it. By means of his flint and steel he got up a fire, but of course he was supperless. A quid of tobacco, however, served to allay the pains of hunger; and the poor fellow managed in time to get to sleep. How long that slumber lasted he could never tell. Perhaps a couple of hours—perhaps longer. He was awakened by faint sounds like distant gratings of a "cross-cut" saw. At that moment he was tapped on the shoulder. Looking round, he saw a bloody hand and part of an arm thrust up through the grass, close to his neck. When he turned the apparition disappeared. The grating noise ceased at the same time. Trembling with cold and fright he got up and replenished his fire. The light and warmth of the latter were hardly sufficient to restore his nerves to their normal condition. But after a while he inclined to the belief that he had had a vivid nightmare, and towards morning he went off to sleep again. A cry—a distant cry from some human being in agony—startled him out of a confused dream. The grating of the saw was renewed, but this time the sounds appeared to come from a spot not a hundred yards off. He looked in the indicated direc- tion. He saw—just for a second only—the faint blurred figures of two men. The feet of one were over the head of the other. The lower shape seemed to be standing in a shallow pit. The other was evidently supported by a platform raised a few feet from the ground. They were sawing, but the saw was invisible. The terrified spectator sprang to his feet, shook himself to be assured of his wakefulness, and looked again. There was nothing to be seen besides the vague outlines of the forest. Sleep for the rest of the night was out of the question. He sat in his wurley and waited for the morning. The day broke fine, and continued so, but the wanderer was too weak to leave the glen. He managed, however, to crawl about half a mile in the direction of the sea. Here he made choice of another camping- place. He was lucky enough to kill an iguana, which was soon roasted and devoured. As night drew on a heavy thunderstorm gathered up from the west. It was followed by a gale, which lasted into the middle of the next day. The traveller, not being able to keep up a fire, ook quarters in a large hollow log. Weariness and cold soon blunted the impressions of the previous night and the result was a soung slumber. The first apparition came this time in one of the loudest fits of the gale. The sleeper was aroused by a terrific clap of thunder. His opening eyes were met by the appearance of a gashed blood-dabbed face staring at him through the further cavity of the log. About fifty feet from the remains of his fire there was a kind of black heap, over which a dog was apparently lying. The voices of men and the loud noise of the a saw in full work were heard in the first pause of the wind. A slight movement on the part of the spectator caused face, dog, and heap to disappear. But the sawing and talking continued. Almost crazed with terror, the man got up and went out into the rain. He was greeted by a demonic laugh and the pelting of a pitiless shower. But the supernatural sounds im- mediately ceased. The last apparition found him lying a vague state, half-way between sleep and a fear- stricken wakefulness. A gurgling voice, the voice of a man in intense agony, said to him "For God's sake, tell the Sydney people of this!" A doubled-up body, a mashed moan- ing body, lay at the opening of the log; a great-limbed but wasted sheep dog licked the dead battered face; distinct in the darkness there appeared a sawpit—logs, cross-pieces, and all. Two sawyers—huge rough-bearded men—were working in a ring of ghostly light. To the right of the pit lay the smouldering remains of a camp fire. Diabolical curses, mingled with shrieks seemed to come from every quarter of the compass. The terrified traveller remained motionless. In one of the breaks of the storm he heard a man say, 'Take the money—take everything, but let me go.' A savage reply was broken short by a sudden burst of thunder. The dog howled piteously in the darkness. Then a coarse cursing voice shout out. "Let's pitch the —— on the fire, and cut the —— cur's throat.' A second of silence was followed by a piercing yell and a vivid flash of lightning. The pit and its occupants disappeared as if by magic. Dog and body were not to be seen. The only noises abroad were those of the gale. But just before daybreak a dead, waxy face appeared at the opening of the log. The lips moved and whispered faintly. The first words were indistinct, but the listener caught the most of the rest. They were these:—"I did my best but Louey will never know it. They have slaughtered poor old Nep, too. That cursed sawpit. Write to Sydney, Louey.' The traveller moved his arm and the apparition vanished. This was the last of the alleged supernatural appearances. A search-party from Berry's station fell in with the lost servant on the fourth or fifth day of his wanderings. He was very much exhausted but he appeared to be sane. Noth- ing indicative of delirium could be discovered in his conversation or manner. Want of food and shelter had made him weak and nervous, but no other effects were evident. His story was told in a clear, consecutive way, and all his later versions of it agreed in detail with the first. The present writer has already pointed out its subsequent popularity with a certain class of people living in the locality of the Glen. They assert that the awful spectacle witnessed by Berry's servant is to be seen at intervals during every stormy night. They swear that the grating of the spectral saw is often distinctly heard by the neighbour- ing farmers. But it must be confessed that the foregoing assertions are confined to the old Irish inhabitants of the district. As hereinbefore stated, there is nothing to show that the murderers of the Kiama tra- veller were ever traced. But Pat M'Anally, an old shingle- splitter who lived at Bulli, near Wollongong, used to tell a story somewhat startling in its character. Thirty years ago he had a mate who went by the name of Jem Hicks. Jem was a 'lifer' of the worst class. According to M'Anally's statements, he was in the best of his moods a surly ruffian. 'Black Jem' was no favourite with the settlers; but being a good hand, he was tolerated for the sake of his skill. So in time he went into a rough form of partnership with M'Anally, and took up his abode in the latter's hut. One of the wildest gales ever witnessed in Illawarra came on at this time. Jem who could never sleep well in stormy periods, was peculiarly restless now. His face assumed a weary look—the look of one haunted. The wind moaned bitterly through the slabs of the hut. Thunder-cloud after thunder-cloud, fleet- ed across the sky. Every now and then M'Anally's mate cast a furtive glance in the direction of the door. He appeared as if he expected somebody. M'Anally, growing uneasy, essayed to engage in conversation. 'Fine night for a ghost story, eh, Jem?' Jem remained silent. 'This reminds me,' continued Pat, 'of that yarn about the haunted sawpit at Gerringong.' His companion turned sharply round, as if he had been bitten by something and face him. 'What's up mate?' asked Pat. 'You hold yer gab about that ere Gerringong affair—d'ye hear? Pity we had'nt you there.' 'What do ye mean?' inquired M'Anally, rising. The other sat back and said nothing. For some time both men were silent—Pat coming finally to the conclusion that his mate had been drinking. 'Jem.' he said, 'sorry that I got my shirt up; perhaps, as you look whitish, there is something wrong with the liver.' The apology was interrupted by a deafening clap of thunder. Black Jem stepped sharply across the room, muttering to himself. The door flew open, and the wind rushed in with a yell like the howl of a dog. 'Curse the money,' shouted Hicks. 'Curse the dog. Will a fellow never get peace? Hold your infernal gab, mate, anent that Gerringong business. You're not a goin' to pump me.' 'why, you black-faced hound,' cried Pat, staring from his bunk, 'You are one of them, are you? You shall not leave this hut unbound!' Hicks picked up a junk of firewood, flung it at M'Anally, and rushed out into the darkness. He was never heard of again. Astonishing the Indians.—General Sheri- dan's recent experience on the plains has satis- fied him that the Indian of the period is a dis- gusting individual, though once in a while one is found who had a bit of drollery. A band of Indians, the general writes, had made a sudden attack on a detachment of his men, who fortunately had a mountain howitzer mounted on a mule. Not having time to take it off and put it in position, they backed up and blazed away at the Indians. The load was so heavy that mule and all went tumbling downhill towards the savages, who not under- standing that kind of fighting took to their heels. Afterwards one of them was captured, and when asked why he ran, replied—'Me big Injin; not afraid of little guns or big guns; but when white man loads up and fires whole jackass at Injins we don't know what to do.' A Sharp Retort.—A pedant remarked to a farmer, "I cannot bear a fool." "Your mother could," was the reply. 