English Aquatics. 1 THE BISE AND PROGRESS OP ROWING IN IRELAND. I INotwithstn.ndlr.8- the rnpld strides with which rowing in Ireland has advanced during thc last ten years, tho large sums of money that have been expended in tho erection of club houses, purchas- ing English-built boats, and encaging tho best af English talent as trainers, togothcr with very liberal prizes annually given for four-oarod competition, both in the southern and northern part of the country, still, strango to say, for soma reason or other, probably in consequence of thc remissness of regatta secretarios and apathy of rowing club correspondents, the deeds of Irish oarsmen have not received tho same publicity and recognition In Bell'» Lift and other sporting journals of the day which have been accorded to their more favoured brcthcrcn of thc oar in England. We therefor! now proposo to lay beforo our readers a brief account of tho " riso and progress " of tho ort of rowing in tho Land of the Shamrock, togcthor with some particulars of tho growth of the powerful clubs ol Dublin, Cork, Colerntno, Londonderry, Belfast, ic, whose efforts have contributed so largely to th» present high position of Irish oanmsnship. Th« first rowing club of any note in tho sister country was es- tablished in Dublin soma 30 years ago, more or loss, and named the Pembroke Club, so called, probably, In consequence of the club house being bullion tho 1'cmbroko estatoat Rlngfend, on tho left bank of the Dodder, a tmall tributary which nins into the Linley, about a mile below C.-wrlislo Bridge. After the Pembroke came the Dublin Rowing Club, who also made tho bank of the Dodder their head quarters, and both theso clubs sont crews to Kingston, Liverpool, ind Chester on sovoral occa- sions. It was not, however, until 1S5S-0, some years after tho original Pombroko had died out. nnd boon resuscitated under the name of tho Dublin University Rowing Club, that the modern and truo spirit of rowing began to manifest itself in tho country. In ono of tho above-named years a rowing club was established nt Cork. Pierce Tower, Efq, a name well-known as ont of Ireland's finest oarsman, and most jealous advocates of aquatii snorts, being at tho "head ond fronf'of tho movement. Soluotini! tbo healthy locality of Glenbrook Passage West as their headquarters, »nd designating their aquatic union tho " Cork Harbour Hov. ¡UK (tub," they soon mustered a good array of memb«r« MrEdw.nl * vid tho thon well known boat-bulldor of Lambeth, wasoommh .;? :i" l to supply tho tho club with bouts, and to his excellent jud,-, .iii-ut wo ars indebt- ed for tho class of boat now used throughout Ilia country, known as racing-banked boats, and to the oroilit of ho intflilar be it said, tho original banked racing boat, turned o t nf Mr Wyld's estab- lishment nearly 10 years ago, still dooi cinty for tho Cork Harbour Rowing Club. Theso craft nvor»c» i'uut 38 to «0 fest in length, and Zft Sin beam, and aro built cn th« same principal as th« outrlggsr, being constructed with a riu-lj "stroke," or plank on each aide, the only dlrfetence being that In accordance with the regulations of tho committees ot tho C. H. lt. 0. and Dublin University Rowing Club no projection of any description ls allowed from tho gunwale of the boat. These boats are much easier to sit than the outrigger, and when properly fitted with washboards will live through n very heavy surf, though from their peculiar construction they aro not so well adapted for speed as tho English racing boats. Co-existent with the above-mentioned club, sprang also the City of Cork Rowing Club. Mailing from thc upper part of the Lee, near the city bridge, it was recruited principally from the young men employed in tho commercial establishments of the town. Ibis club also patronised Mr E. Wyld, and were supplied hy him with a craft in every respect-being his second production-supe- rior to that of the C. H. lt.C. The Dublin University Rowing Club also patronised tho same stylo of craft, and had one specially con- structed for them by James Teagcne, of Ringsend, Dublin, for- merly of Manchester, which was little, if at all, inferior to the London-built boats. They had also availed themselves of the services of a well-known Manchester oarsman, George William- son, as trainer, and having got together a fine, powerful, well trained crew, they threw down tho gauntlet to the two Cork clubs, and this was probably the first match ever rowed in Ireland in purely racing boats. Tho day was exceedingly rough, and the Dublin crew speedily came to trief, their craft being swamped shortly after the start. A similar catastrophe befel the City crew before they had completed tho course, and the C. U.R.C. now left to themselves, paddled in alone, thus scoring their maiden victory. To this contretemps may doubtless be ascribed, lu no small degree, that spirit of rivalry which has slnco existed between those two groat clubs, tho C.ll.R.C. and D.U.U.C., whose frequent trials of. pluck and skill have so much contributed to advance thc cause of rowing in Ireland, and raise lt to its present high and flourishing condition. The names of this, the first crew of the C.H.U.C., were-A. Stammers 1, J. Minhear 2, Plcrco Power 3, T. Boland (stroke), C. Leahy (cox). Their next encounter was with a Liverpool crew, at a regatta held on tho Lee, at Glenbrook. The English crew, who on this occasion enjoyed tho advice and services of Mr E. Wyld, of Lon- don, took a strong lead at starting, but being unacquainted with the existing current of the river, they lost ground considerably at the turn, and tho Cork men by sheer pluck, aided by a perfect knowledge of the "set of the tide," again managed lo secu.ro a most unexpected victory. This second stroke of fortune served to fan the smouldering fire of Irish rowing enthusiasm into a flame, and the result was a large accession of members to the ranks of tho C.H.R.C. Arrangements were now mado for the establishment of a grand regatta to be held at Glenbrook in the following year under the management of tho C.H.R.C., who determined to offer for com- petition a four-oared prize of such value as would induce not only Irish, but English crown also, to enter tim lista. It was also re- solved by the members themselves that no pains should be sparod In acquiring a thorough knowledge of tho art of rowing, and otherwise fitting thomselves to meet such formidable antagonists as might be expected from tho other side of the ChanneL Tom Grant, tho aquatic trainer, recommended by Mr E. Wyld, was engaged as mentor to tho club, and commenced his duties in the carly part of the summer of I860 : and so apt to receive and digest tho instruction imparted did the gentlemen of Cork prove tliomsolvcs, and so kindly did thoy go through the ordeal of train- ing in every detail of the art, that their trainer, at tho end of six weeks, emphatically pronounced them fit to contend against "any four gentlemen amateurs "-no matter where they came from; Queenstown Regatta was the first public engagement in which the crack crew of tho C. II.R.e. had an opportunity to display their capabilities ; but, notwithstanding the valuable character of the prize, strange to say. not a singlo crew from Dublin could be found to contend against thom, and they were opposed only by the Cork City Club and a second or scratch crow of their own club. The former had worked hard in practice, although without professional advice or assistance, while tho latter had scarcely ever rowed together, and therefore well knew their fate. The course was about thrco miles and a half, starting from the Royal Yacht Club House, rounding the Spit Light, back round hy HaulbowUne, and finishing nt the starting polut. The official starter knew as little about his business as sea starters and um piros gonorally do, for while the two Cork Harbour crews lay strictly level, the City crew was at least a length ahead of both ; and while in this position tho signal gun was fired, and the City crew at once dashed away, the others lying motionless add appeal- ing to tho official to recall tho offending crow, but he merely repllod " It's a start, gentlemen ; and if you don't go they will get the prize." After this announcement thore was nothing loft for the crews of tho CH.R.C. but to follow, and when they did start tho City crew were quito 300 yards ahead, but so rapidly did tho crack crew of the C.U.R.C. leave their brethren that at a quarter of mile they (tho latter) retired from the contest, and tho others overhauling the leaders in gallant style, both rounded the Spit Light, about a milo and a half from tho start, together, the Glenbrook crew coming away against the ebb tide with a grand stroko of 38 to the minute, and leaving the Cork City crew as though they'wero standing still, won by upwards of a quarter of a milo. Tho crew were tho same on this as on the two provious occasions, oxcept that John O'Sullluan was substituted for Anthony Stammers. Moro than ordinary importance became attached to the above great performance, in consequence of two of tho Neaten crow afterwards proving themselves high-class oarsmen In many a closely- coutostcd raco and hard-earned vlctoy. At tho ensuing Glenbrook Regatta, however, tho Cork Harbour Crow were destined to encounter a very different class of opponents tho formidable London Rowing Club having entered for tho Glonbrook Cup with the following fine crow ;-A. Casamajor 1, G. Sheriff 2, G. Boydell 3, H. Playford 4, Weston (cox), and by an unfortunate contretemps tho C.H.R.C. were deprived of the services cf one of their best oars, Mr O'Sullivan, who was token ill a few days before the day appointed for tho regatta, and a substitute had to be found to fill his placo at the oleventh hour. The course was about six miles tn length, and perfectly straight, three miles out and home, extend- ing from the Club Houso Quay, to a boat moored off the vllllage of Bing. The water was as smooth as a mirror, and in older that no advantago should accrue to the local crews, from a superior knowledge of the currants, or sets of the tide, the committee very properly determined not to start the boats until dead high water, or in professional parlance " high water slack." A crow from thc Clyde made their appearance on the morning without previous entry or intimation of their intention to compete, but as some of the men were known to have rowed for money prizes against pro- fessionals they were not allowed to start. Thus the two local crews and the Londoners wen left to contendfortho moatmunlfi cent prize which had ever boen offered for amateur competition in Ireland. An excellent start waa effected, tho Cork No 1 crew coming away at a great paco, and taking the water of the Londo- ners a quarter of a milo from the start, tho latter tn turn keeping a good lead of tho Cork crew No 2, who were outpaced from the start. At tho end of the first mik and a half however, the leading crew got all abroad, and fell out of lime and form. At this junc- ture tho London coxawin called on lila crew, who at once drew up alongsldo the Cork men, and were well in front at the stake boat. The Cork fonr, however, stuck to their opponents in splendid style all tho way homo, and notwithstanding all tho efforts of the Londoners, wero only beaten a little moro than half a length, the stern of the Cork boat hoing lovel with No 3 in the London crew as tliey past the post. In aU cases of defeat, and particularly when the contest has been a closo one, the defeated are generally prone to attribute the fortune-or to thom the misfortune-of the day to some unlucky circumstance over which thoy had no con- trol, rather than to the actual merits of their successful opponents To this rule the the members ot the Cork Harlnjur Rowing Club proved no exception, for while admitting the gTeat skill and grand oarsmanship of Mr Playford and his confreres, they could not divest thomselves of tho impression that, had their own crew re- mained intact after their great performance at Queenstown a short time previously, the raco for the Glenbrook Cup might have been closer still. If that were possible, or the positions of tho two leading boats might have been reversed- Notwithstanding this (under circumstances somewhat natural) feeling, tho Corkonlans accepted their defeat in tho true spirit of gentlemen, »nd extended to tho representative Englishmen a most cordial and hearty Irish welcome. In 1801, a split having taken place among the members of tho City Club, a portion of them seceded, and commenced a new club on the opposite bank of the Lee, near the Cork and Passage Railway station. These comprised son)« of tho best oarsmon of tho city, nnd un- furling their banner as tho "Leo Howing Club," they had a four lu regular practico by the carly part of April in the nbovennmcd year, with Mr M. Poley as stroke. So diligent and attentive were they in practice and training that by tho timo of the first Queenstown llcgatta they managed to work themselves into very fatr condition, and were rowing In very tolerable style, Mean- while, so desirous were the members of tho C.H.R.C. to promote home or local competition that thoy eschewed practice altogether thus early in tho season, and sent a mere scratched and untnilned crew to contend against the Lee, at Queonstown, whero the young club achieved their maiden victory. Even this, and the fact that they had lost the valnable services of their stroke; Mr T. Boland, who had emigrated to New Zealand, failed to rouse the Cork Harbour gentlemen from their lethargy ; for though, their for- mer mentor was again brougnt to the scene of his previous labours much of tho old rowing spirit soems to have died out, and ho had little material to work upon. At length, only a short time before the second Queenstown Regatta of this year, a strong effort was made, and a four got together, consisting ot Messrs Power, Lam- bert, IIowo, O'Sullivan, Leahy (cox.), and tho prospects of the C.II.R.C. again began to look more cheering. In thc meanwhile tho madest and determined "Lee "had been pursing the oven tenor of their way, In nowlso flushed or olatcd by their victory over the scratch crow at Queenstown. They had, moreover, secured tho services of a well-known London waterman (Tom Pocock) as trainer, and had also purchased the identical boat in which the Londonors had boen victorious at Glonbrook tho year previously, and. although their trainer Iud boen but a few days with them prior to the second Queenstown' Regatta, in which they had to meet the formidable C.H.U.C., his very presence and satisfactory report of their condition Inspired, thom with nerve and confidence A remnant of tho City Club had also entered a crew, but thoy had not tho ghost of a obanco ovor the severe Queenstown Course of nearly four miles, About an hour befoie the time appointed for tho start, and wbilo tho crews wero pre- paring themselves, Mr Lambert, No. 2 of the Glonbrook crew, waa suddenly taken ill, and medical aid had to bo called, but recover- ing again from his " flt," and despite the protestations of hil friends, he took his place in tho boat. Tho start took place on the last of the flood tide, and the Lee crew, having the best and truest position of tho Spit Light (round which the boats had to turn), soon lcd by a couplo of lengths from the Cork Harbour Club, tho City orcw falling astern from tho start Having to round tho flagship Hawk, which lay ofi the victualling stores at Uaulbowltno, tho boats wero compelled to keep that side ol the harbour after rounding the Spit, and though the Lee were some alx lengths ahead of Glenbrook when both had mado the turn, BO rapidly had the latter made up their "leeway" that scarcely a clear length a separated tho boats when thoy had rounded the flagship Hawk, Lee reaching tho goal Drat, with Glen Bell's Life in London. I brook close on their quarters. 