MUSIC AND DRAMA. Obgan Performance.— A public performance on the organ of the Pitt-street Congregational Church, marking tho occasion of its enlargement and improvement by Mr. C. J. Jackson was, with the permission of the pastor and managers of the church, given on A^dnesday. Ab compared with other organs in the colony, this instrument is now ranked as second only to that of St. Andrew's Cathedral, and some exoellent music was chosen to test its power and the quality of its tones. With few exceptions tnese selections were xrom tne composition of the great classical masters. The organists who took part in the performances were Mr. W. J. Cordner (St. Mary's Cathedral), Mr. W. H.Nash, B.A. (Christ Church), andMr. A. Rea (Pitt-street Congregational Church). The pieoes produced by Mr. Cordner were Hesse's variations on the National Anthem, Beethoven's Adagio Cantabili et Scherzo (septet), the overture to Zauberflote, selections from Masses (including the opening movement of the 'Gloria,' No. 12 Mozart^ the 'Agnus Dei,' No. 1 Mozart, and the fugue movement, ' Cum Sancto Spirito,' No. 5 Haydn), and he finished with the Hallelujah Chorus in 'The Messiah.' Hia, playing was marked by the development of orchestral effects and by the introduction of diversities and combinations suited to display the stopB as much aB pos sible. The second portion of the programme was taken by Mr. Nash. This comprised two choruses by Handel, be ginning with Ihat in ' Saul,' ' How excellent is Thy name,' and concluding with the celebrated 'Hailstone Chorus,' from ' Israel in Egypt;' in the interval between them he played an allegretto sonnta No. 4 ^Mendelssohn), Bach's difficult pedal figure G minor, and the beautiful ana from ' Elijah, ' ' Oil rest in the Lord.' The sweetly .soft movement of the sonata was well brought out, and the 'Hailstone Chorus' pro duced with great effect on the full organ. The fugue (Sonata, No. 4) was written by Bach especially for the organ ; it was played with full power, and entirely on the pedal. The third section of the programme (which was assigned to Mr. Roe) contained extracts from com positions calculated to unite in their effects the varied capabilities of the instruments. They included a fantasia (X Y Z), a selection from ' Samson^' the grand chorus in 'The Creation,' 'The maiVlous work,' Haydn's ' Consummatum est (Seven Last Words), the 'Grand Offertory ' by Wely, and Handel's fine chorus ' Sing unto God,' in Judas Maccabeus. He succeeded in bringing out all the pedal passages with great clearness. The spacious auditorium which this church affords was almost fully occupied by the public, who frequently expressed their gratification as far -as deference to the sacred pur poses of the plaoe would admit. Miss James's Grand Evening Concert.— The ;oncert given by request, on Monday, at the School of Arte, was largely attended; the audience nearly filling the boll. The performances were a thorough success, and with such an assemblage of talent added to the attractiveness of the programme, a crowded house might reasonably have been expected. Miss James had the co-operation of Mrs. Cordner, Miss Kosten, Mies Martin, Signor Ugo Devoti, Mr. Andrew Fairfax, and Mr. G. Russell, as vocalists, ind Mr. C. E, Horsley as pianist. The selections erpre wpII Vfirfori. fho nnoraHn nroArtminaftvirv and knAC/. songs alternating with choice ballads. The first part opened with Whitaker's trio 'Winds gently whisper,' well sung by Miss James (soprano), Miss Martin (contralto), and Mr. Andrew Fairfax (basso). The solos given by this gentleman were Melton's song, ' I never can forget,' Emanuel's scena ' The Desert/' and Verdi's 'IlBalen,' in each of which his spirited enunciation, Seconded by his fine voice, obtained for him general favour The items entrusted to Mrs. Cordner were Rossini's scena, ' Una Voce,' and the humorous ditty I' Thady O'Flynn,' in the first of which she exhibited her charming contralto with exquisite effect. The sweet melody of _ the song 'Early Love' was deliciously realised by Mies James, who afterwards joined Miss Martin in the pretty duet 'We csme ts thee, Savoy,' and also sang Clanbd's ' O sing to me the old Scotch sengs.' The great feature of the oonoert was the duet inLaTraviata, ' Parigi O Cara,' a brilliant piece of vocalisation by Miss Kosten and Signor Devoti, that called forth peals of applanse. The solos falling to Devoti' a part were Verdi's ana, 'La Mia Letizia ' (Lombardi), ana Bellini's scena ' Tulto e Sciolto ' (Sonnambula), in which he displayed a fine artistio skill, great power, end tasteful expression. The instrumental portion of the programme con sisted of a violin solo by Mr. Greenfield, rendered with a pfjT^ctSess find njace that I?egpea£ vrggf jgjprdVe meat in tills yoUhg fiuueur'i bfeLll ; and a xuitas!& by Mr. C. E. Horsley, given with that sparkle and finish which characterise his pianoforte playing. The humorous song of the ' The Ghost,' was given by Mr. G. Russell. The accompaniments were by Mr. Horsley. At this period of the year, when there is an unfortunate conjuncture of the influenza period with the musical season, it was surprising to find the voices so clear; only in a very few instanoes was there any appcaranoe ofhusUness. School of Arts' Concerts. — An overflowisg audience attended the first of a series of weekly concerts, commenced on Saturday evening;, at the School of Arts. The Hon. J. Sutherland presided. Mr. Cordner, the oonductor, before introducing the vocalists who had undertaken parts in the programme of the evening, made a statement of the views of those promoting what were styled ' The School of Arts' Saturday Evening Concerto.' Thoy perceived the growing teBtc of the public for music, and the large extent to which it would be patronised by me masses it it could be done cheaply, namely, by the officient production of sterling compositions at a low price for admis sion. They were of opinion that tho cheap ooncerts of the present day ought not to be confined merely to the modern sentimental ballad. They, therefore, intended to carry out their project on a scale that would admit of greater scope in the selection of mueic, and with such a liberal expenditure as would secure tho highest professional talent available. Thoy would not limit their programme to one class of music, but would endeavour to introduce every description, including the old English glee or madrigal, the operatic selection, the oratorio chorus, the Bongs of Dibdin, Arne, &c.;, as well as the most popultr compositions of tbe day. The first pro gramme (that of Saturday evening) was entirely composed of miscellaneous pieces, but next week the first patt 1 iB to consist exclusively of old English songs, glees, &c.;, and tho seoond part of varied sclccticns. The chiof vocalists were Mrs. Cordner and Signor Devoti, who were assisted by a numerous corps of amateurs, including Miss Higgins, and Messrs. R. L. Skinner, J. Keane, P. Egan, J. Roach, and F. Driver. The choruses, which were the National Anthem, ' Sing, Gallant Comrades' (Beckcr's march song) and the Australian Anthem by Packer, wcio sustained by about twenty good voices, and they wero given fsreibly and cor rectly, excepting the march song, in which there was apparent want of practice. Mrs. Cordner met with an enthusiastic Tecoption in Lover's Irish ballad 'The Angels' Whisper ' and Reichart's song 'Love's Bequest,' in both of which she was enoored. With equally great success Signor Devoti pang the aria ' Vivi Tu,' from ' Anna Bolenn,' and Balfo's well-known ballad in the ' Bohemian Girl,' ' Then you'll remember ire.' Mies Higgins's full flexible mezzo sopiano was beard to advantage in the barcarole from Auber's ' Haidce,' entitled tho ' Breeze.' The fine dust, ' Home to our mountains' (II Trovatoro), was charmingly rendered by Devoti and Mrs. Cordner. The rest of tho vocalists nlso sang with good effect various operatic mor ceavx, ballsdr, and humourous songs, and thero were some diverting recitations. Mr. Cordner succeeded to a very large extent not only in drawing a numerous nudicncc but in adapting his concert to varied tastes and degrees of appreciation, and should the same judgment, with progres sive efficiency on tbe part of the amateurs who sive him their services, characterise these concerts in future, they cannot fail to attract equally large audiences. Rossini's New Mass.— On the first performance of this composition, the Athenaum observes ' The first per formance in England of Koseini's Mass was of the ' rough and ready ' order. In no other country could so vigorous a rendering of a strange and difficult work be obtained after two rehearsals. But. in no country in the world should such a feat be attempted when an unknown work has to be sub mitted lo public opinion. Tho Mass having been bought by tbe management of tho Opera, the co-operation of a fine band and chorus was secured. But as sufficient rehearsals are impossible in the very height of the season, the advan tage of good material has been purchased at the cobI of delicate workmanship. RoBsini has, in this last revelation of his genius, paid extraordinary attention to marks of ex pression, repeatedly making use of the unusual eignpppp. to denote the utmost possible delicacy of treatment. Entire movements, toe, are directed to be sung sotto voce ? In the performance all these directions were practioally ignored. Signor Arditi once or twice attempted to restrain the ardour of his chorus, bnt a oertain amount of dangerous uncertainty waB the result. He seemed, moreover, afraid of ever relaxing or accelerating the tempo , leat his singers ehould not follow him, and, for the same reason, probably, took several movements so fast that it was not possible to follow the various parts. Where mere sonority of tone and precision were needed, as in the coda to the Gloria, for instance, the effect of the chorus was prodigious ; but all the varieties of light and Bhade aimed nt by the oomposer were lost in a constant glare. The solo singers were much less open to blame than the chorus. Mdlle. Soalchi, it is true, rather disappointed us; her fine contralto voice quivering to an unpleasant degree. It is possible that want of familiarity with the music may have induced nervous ness. Under the circumstances, it would have been advisable to omit the ' O Salutaris,' a hymn introduced into the Maes in Paris only for the purpose of giving Madame Alboni an additional opportunity for solo display. But in no case should it be interpolated between the Gloria and the Credo. Signor Mongini sang carefully and well, and Mr. Santley ob admirably as nsual : but Mdlle. Tiet jens eclipBed all her comrades. Not for many years past has her voice been in such fine condition, and never in our recollection has she eung with so much sympathetic expression. Herenforood rest of the past few weeks has worked wonders. Will she net take this as a timely warning p We have purposely forborne to enter into the qualities of the work, reserving our remarks on this head for next week. Enough for the present to state our oonvictisn that the ' Mass,' unequal though it be, contains several numbers which may compare with anything in music. Vain emulation of Handel has here been Rossini's Scylla; the life-long habit of hearing his musio sweep across the foot-lights his Charybdis; where these dangers have been passed, the composer has sailed calmly on his barque, upheld by genius as mighty as the ocean, as vast and as pure.' Dbawing-room Dramatic Performances. — Popu- lar amusements for home in the present day include repre sentations of the drama, and recitals from tne works or the most elegant writers in our_ language, both in poetry and Srose. One of these entertaining seances was given on Tues ay evening at the residence of Mr. Cohen, in Margaret street, for which a large number of invitations were issued. It is not our custom to criticise private performances, or to intrude on the public notices of private festivities, but as those of Tuesday evening will in a few days be repeated for the benefit of a most deserving bene volent institution, a few remarks thereon will not trench upon a rule we have hitherto carefully observed. The stage reauiremente were tastefullv arrane-ed. The ninnra chosen for the occasion were Planche's comedy of 'Deli- cate Ground,' — in which the characters were sustained by Miss S. A. Cohen, Mr. L. Cohen, and Mr. J. Millengen ; the parts of Pauline, Sangfroid, and Alphonse were cleverly rendered, as was also the farce of (t Slasher and Crasher,' which the young amateurs performed so well as to keep the audience in roars. An original prologue, written by Mr. J. Millengen, was well delivered by Mies Millengen. Ihe party was treated to two pieces by Signor Devoti, and selections by the German band. On the conclusion of the performances the host, Mr. Cohen, invited his guests to further enjoy themselves in the mazes of the dance, which, it is needless to say, they availed themselves of to their heart's content. 